Every Last Mother’s Child
William J. Carty Jr.

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2012, 2016 by William J. Carty
****************************************************
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
First edition September 2012
Revised June 2016
Acknowledgements
There are always people a writer feels he has to thank or acknowledge. I am no exception. The first acknowledgement is to the wonderful men in my life, my father, uncles, great uncles, who were firefighters at one time, who taught me what it meant to have a duty to protect and to serve the people of our community. They and other firefighters are true heroes, and were long before September 11, 2001.
The others I would like to acknowledge are the volunteers of the American Red Cross especially the men and women who make up the disaster action teams of the Columbus Area Chapter of the American Red Cross. When I say finest kind, I mean that with all my heart. Many have and will give up their nice warm beds to go out in the elements to assist a family that has suffered a fire at O dark thirty, and then report to their jobs the next morning and do it again later that night. Please keep up the very good work you have done for many years.
To my friends and family who let me babble when I was on the jazz. There are many others who have helped me get this story written. Thank you all.
Prologue
In the 418th year after landing, the planet Trena was in trouble. For four centuries the planet at the cross roads of the galaxy had experienced the turmoil that a cross roads could be. She was situated several light years from the Earth Empire, and from The Thonian Realm. Both large star nations bordering the star system of Trena. These large star nations consisted of ten or twenty star systems each with many habitable planets. Because of its location on the trading routes Trena had, through the centuries, become a very wealthy independent star nation. Along with the Earth Empire and the Thonian Realm she was part of the GaTO or Galactic Treaty Organization which had come to the kingdom’s defense when the Republic of the Stars had attempted to invade the kingdom half a century before. When the Theocracy had harassed the kingdom’s shipping on occasion, GaTO ships had come to her ships aid outside of Trena, as Trena had no interstellar capable warships. Neither of these two small star nations had learned that it was better to have Trena a friend than an unruly colony or occupied planet. 
Their trouble wasn’t man made. Well at first it wasn’t. The comet didn’t have a name. It had been knocking about the Trena Solar System for millions of years. There had been two of them until the larger of the two was destroyed when it had collided with a small airless world about 2 Astronomical Units out from the Trena primary creating the Trena Asteroid Belt. The smaller of the two comets had survived the destruction of the larger. Even though a chunk of the larger comet had hit it, it had survived; but was thrown out of its normal orbit at the time. That change had been beneficial as it bounced it a little bit above the asteroid field that the larger comet had created, and would ensure its survival for millions of years. This was about to end.
The comet’s successful navigation of the asteroid belt ended in a spectacular collision with an asteroid of modest size. This modest asteroid of several hundred miles in diameter was halved by the collision. The bigger of the two rocks began a domino-like effect. One asteroid colliding with another and another until several large asteroids had had their orbits changed.  What was left of the comet and one large asteroid were now traveling together away from Trena, and appeared to be headed out of the solar system.
The authorities on Trena had been aware for months that this was going to happen.
They had taken steps in the asteroid belt to make sure none of the mining interests which provided Trena with raw materials including precious metals for the kingdom and trade would be greatly impacted. The Crown had studied several of the possible outcomes of the impact, only one or two of them were of serious enough to make the Crown take notice. The crown authorities had taken what precautions they thought prudent for a cosmic incident. A rare one that hadn’t been recorded in any inhabited system ever. It was widely believed that the one or two of the worse scenarios wouldn’t happen. The collision itself was highly improbable; the odds of it happening were nearly incalculable. So the authorities felt the one or two serious events would be nearly impossible. Although they had thought of every conceivable thing that could happen they hadn’t a glimmer of what would actually happen.
The astronomers felt certain that on their current trajectories that the remains of the comet and the asteroid wouldn’t be seen again for thousands of years. Everyone relaxed, thinking that the cosmic event was over. 
It wasn’t.
A month later as the comet skimmed the top of Trena’s second smaller less dense asteroid field, it collided with some abandoned ordinance, a gravity bomb.
A surveyor flight was following the comet and asteroid as a science mission, not a recon mission. The Royal Academy of Science had convinced the Crown to let it borrow a surveyor long range recon platform. It was an unprecedented opportunity to observe what happen when a comet struck other astronomical objects. They had already gathered several thousand terabytes of data. The Surveyor Ship detected the bomb seconds before it detonated. Surveyor 011’s captain had just finished his flash traffic message when it exploded.
The Thonian battle ship Aggressor had fought a vicious battle with a Republican pirate and was nearly lost with all hands before Trena had been founded. If it hadn’t dumped its magazines it would have been destroyed.  One of the weapons it dumped was classified as a planet buster. The weapons team had set the bomb to self-destruct. A small explosive was to go off destroying the weapons arming circuits. The battle happened a full century before Trena was founded. Later the Aggressor had been lost with all hands. Because of the destruction of the battleship no one knew it was there. With the arming circuits destroyed it was safe from most accidental detonations, however the bombs self-destruct system had been compromised to the point that when several million tons of comet collided with the ancient bomb it was too much to prevent its arming sequence from completing its program. 
The Thonians had no idea it had been there. It wasn’t a big bomb for such a device but it was enough. It was a gravity bomb designed to alter the gravity of the planet it hit. It was designed to rip a planet out of its orbit and causing catastrophic damage.  Having no planet to interact with it vented its micro short lived black hole in such a way that its gravitational field caused the orbits of thousands of nearby asteroids of all sizes to be ripped from what had been stable orbits. Not all the asteroids in the second less dense belt had been affected only a small portion of it.
That was enough though.
The asteroids now, ripped from what had been stable orbits, were now on a trajectory that would cross the path of the Free World of Trena. Although not many, not even a tenth of the entire field, would fall on Trena, it would be enough to cause problems for the planet of Trena.
If Trena had been as much as four days farther along in its orbit it would have been impacted a thousand years later, one day the other way and most of the fragments would have missed it.  However, Fate or the Gods conspired against the small independent free world of Trena.  It was going to come to a spectacular end in less than a standard year.
Book 1: The announcement
Chapter 1: The Mountain
Surveyor 011’s message arrived at the mountain almost as it was sent. The message was recorded and routed to the Space Defense AI. Just as the main Space Defense AI began reading the message all hell broke loose in the Mountain.
Although the Kingdom of Trena, was small both in size, and population it boasted a well-trained and experienced Militia that was the heart of the star nation’s security. The star nation didn’t boast that many fixed bases or defense installations preferring to be as mobile as possible to make it harder for an attacker to defeat them.  One of the militia’s larger bases was the kingdom’s militia headquarters. The headquarters was buried in a mountain near the capital. This buried headquarters site was created after an ancient fort on old Earth. It was modeled after the ancient North American Air Defense Command. The general commanding the Militia at the time of the headquarters design and construction was a part time professor of ancient history at the Royal University of Trena. He had been teaching about the period known as the cold war on Old Earth when plans for the headquarters site were first discussed.  He knew in his heart of hearts that one or two well placed missiles with modern warheads would eliminate the command post. But he also knew the physiological impact that the underground command post’s image of near invulnerability would do for his star nation and the militia. The command post was entering its second century of service when the alarms sounded notifying the command center of a national emergency.
The heart of the kingdom’s surveillance system was a computer known as DeepSpace. It was analyzing the input from thousands of data providers and sensors.  It routinely read navigation logs from all ships in the Trena System. All ship’s making transit through the system was required to post their navigation logs and observations to the Space Control Center.  The DeepSpace computer and its back up Junior read all the reports from that the Crown Civil Stellar Administration prepared as well as monitoring the early warning sensor net.  Both had to agree there was an issue before they would sound the alarm. The pair also received reports from all science missions around the system.   Although DeeSpa had seen the explosion and had passed it to Junior, Junior was not paying attention; he was playing poker with the intelligence AI at the People Republic of the Stars embassy. So the report had gone unnoticed for about five minutes before Junior was reminded to check his mail.  When he did he agreed with his supervisor and fired off the alarm.
La’Kent Qoum had immigrated with his parents from Thonia when he was a baby. He had entered the militia when he came of age and had become a career officer. He was on his last duty post. He would retire as Commander of the Royal Homeland Defense Command.  His job was to manage and lead the Militia’s first response to an invasion or other threat to the defense of Trena, until the rest of the militia was called up. After that he would turn his duties over the commanding general. He would not become the Commanding General of the Militia. Which was fine with him. He had wanted it years ago; General McMillan, the commander of the Militia had made it plain that a Thonian would never become the Kingdom’s top military officer. Qoum had had to fight to get where he was. Next month he would retire with his life mate to a small cottage on the coast after 15 crimens of service to his adopted nation. That was about to change.  He had just poured his second cup of coffee when the alert tones went off.
When he got to his post in the command center and saw what was displayed on the threat board, he was dumb founded.  For the first time in many years he was absolutely speechless.  There on the threat board was what appeared for all intent and purposes an invasion task force headed for his home world.  He couldn’t believe it. But he also knew that the Kingdom was a considerable prize that on three or four separate occasion that the People Republic of the Stars, and the Neo Christian Theocracy had both attempted invasions; but had been defeated before they launched. Now he wondered how the intelligence service had failed. They were usually on top of things like this.
The Kingdom of Trena was not exactly a sleepy hick world in the middle of nowhere. Trena, when it was first discovered several centuries, before was literally in the middle of nowhere. Over time as both the Earth Empire and the Thonian Realm expanded, it became the nexus of the trading routes, between these two giant star nations. As a result it was closely allied with them. Although not neutral many in the area thought the star nation was if not neutral, impartial. The kingdom took a position if you don’t mess with us, we won’t mess with you.  The result was that if Trena wasn’t exactly neutral; at least impartial! The kingdom fiercely protected it impartiality, along with its independency. Trena because of her location and commerce had been coveted by several star nations.
Those times it had been threaten the intelligence service had known months in advanced and had given the sovereign time to work some diplomacy inviting The Imperial Earth Armed Forces and the Thonian Space Defense Force to drill with Trena Militia just about the time that the invasion was to happen.  But Trena’s greatest weapon wasn’t military; it was economic. The sovereign and his government used the Free State’s massive economic clout as a bludgeon on more than one occasion.
During one of the invasion attempts, the Sovereign and his Foreign Minister demanded a meeting with The People’s Republic of the Stars Ambassador. When they met with the Ambassador they showed him what they knew about the invasion, what they could expect if the star nation didn’t stand down its invasion force and move it back. He outlined the tariffs that would be imposed on the star nation’s goods. He discussed the confiscation of the star nation’s financial assets on Trena. How Trena would see to it that they never shipped so much as a tooth brush through the star nation without a very high transfer fee. He also said the other star nations were ready to pummel the invasion force should they step over the line.  During this meeting the Ambassadors of the Thonian Realm, and the Earth Empire sat in silent witness.
The last threat to the Free State was fifty years ago. Since that time the galaxy, had at least in their section of it, had become a friendlier place. Trena’s sovereignty had not been challenged in all that time. It was thought that even the new ruler of the Theocracy wanted Trena as a friend as opposed to an unruly colony that would in the end run lose more money than it would gain them by occupying the Kingdom. So it was with a dreamlike quality Qoum comprehended what he was seeing on the displays.  More so when he looked at the main threat board, and saw none of the potential adversaries, and traditional hostile star nations were currently making any threats to his nation.
He felt his life mate’s concern and agitation.  She was standing watch at Fletchers militia’s command post.  They both started to process the information he was seeing. Their empathic bound helping both to understand what he was seeing.
“Launch the alert force.” he called softly, “Let’s go to DefCon 2.” He picked up his head set so he could talk in private to the defense minister. He punched the button on his panel that gave him direct access to the Defense Minister where ever he was. As he did so the threat board changed colors and DefConnie spoke again breaking into his head set’s connection. “Update! Objects detected on intercept trajectory to the Kingdom have been determined not to be under powered flight. They are on a ballistic trajectory towards the planet of Trena. Further long range Scans indicate that the objects now do not indicate that they are military weapons.”
As the Defense Minister came up, the general said, “Lord Tana, We’ve just gone to DefCon 2. We have a large group of inbound targets at this time. None appear to be a military weapon. I don’t have much more than that. When we alerted you we thought we had an invasion. I am not sure what we have now, but it is definitely not an organized military strike force.” He was reading the holographic display on his work station. “DeepSpace is reporting that these targets are not under power.”
“What do you think it is?” The Defense Minister asked.
“Your Lordship,” The general replied, “I am not certain what it is. I would advise though until we get this sorted out that you to go to DefCon 2 protocols and be ready to get the Queen to safety.”
“Okay general,” The Minister of Defense replied, “We’ll go to DefCon 2!"
As the general hung up he mused over the DefCon 2 Protocols. It had been years since they had been activated in other than a drill. At DefCon 2 members of the Queen’s Household Staff would report to the emergency operation center in the basement of the palace and activate it. They would ensure that it was ready for the Queen and her emergency staff to respond to the emergency.  Also a warrant officer of the Queen’s Own Regiment would take up station outside the Queen’s office or where ever she was. He had one and only one responsibility to make sure she was able to communicate with the Defense Establishment, and Emergency Operations Staff. He carried a small brief case with a communications console that would allow the Queen to talk to anyone anywhere within the Trena Star System.
“Okay folks,” Qoum pushed the intercom button that over rode the command posts speakers. “I want a flight of Surveyors on those objects. I want to know why we haven’t heard from Surveyor 011. I want to know the classics, who, what, when, where, and why.” It was then that DefConnie made her most important call of the day, “Update! All stations, objects are astronomical bodies, traveling at less than sub light speed at stellar velocity. The bodies will arrive in the Trena Region in ten months, two days, fifteen hours, and five minutes. These bodies will collide with Trena at that time.  It is estimated that this collision will make life on Trena unviable.”
For the second time in less than half an hour the general was speechless. His life mate’s thoughts about it being a joke caused him to ask softly, “Which ever one of you silly sons of bitches who thought this joke up better come clean now.  The court martial will be more painless that way!”
When he looked around the room he saw that everyone was equally speechless. Observing their disbelief he said, “Seal the Mountain! I want secure com on all incoming and outgoing communications. All personnel are advised that to disclose this information to anyone not authorized is a treasonable offense dealt with by execution until we know.”
For all the drama of that statement, the general knew that it was unneeded; his staff had been tested and tested again until their security service was convinced these folks kept their work to themselves, and didn’t pass on things they weren’t supposed to.  The general wanted to emphasize that if the information was true they had a serious emergency that needed to be dealt with, in a positive manner, that didn’t cause a panic.
Chapter 2: Surveyor Flight 008
Surveyor flights were the kingdom’s long-range patrol recon spacecraft. When they went on their patrols the crews kissed and hugged their family good bye knowing that they would be back in two or three months.  The crew of ten was prepared to stay in space for upwards of six months. The oversized landing craft were quick and fully stealthy.  The crews were well trained and their equipment was the envy of the Imperial Armed Forces.  On more than one occasion a Surveyor crew had surprised the commanding officer of an imperial war ship by just showing up under his guns with no warning. Their job was to check out a situation and report back.  It had been the surveyor flights that had first checked out the area that the comet had hit months before. It had been their data that provided the Kingdom’s authorities the information they needed to formulate plans. They had also checked out the after impact trajectory before and after the collisions ensuring that the rocks would not damage anything important to the kingdom.  The Surveyor flights were armed very lightly, barely enough to defend themselves if attacked. Their defense was speed and stealth.
Surveyor flight “Double Oh Eight” was just finishing up a patrol of the far reaches of the Trena system.  None of the other surveyor flights had seen the explosion and collision of the asteroid and the comet. For whatever reason the defense establishment, had missed the collision up until a few hours before.  Even as the Surveyor flights were being dispatched General Qoum was ordering a full investigation as to why they had missed this event.
“I am so sick and tired of canned fruit!” one of the sensor operators complained as he pushed a small snack can of fruit away from him. The fresh fruit had been gone for at least two weeks after the start of the mission. Surveyor flights by their nature were never re-supplied underway; rarely read that almost never did they dock with a space station or other vessel to get fresh food.  Everyone was sick by this time of the canned food. “When I get back to the world I am going to that farmers market on South State Street and buy one of everything!”
“Yeah,” The second watch pilot absently agreed turning the page on a novel he had read at least twice in the last year. “When I get in I am going to Mega Books and buy the whole frigging store!” He took the book and launched it at a trash receptacle across the crew’s galley and recreation area. The first officer was about to say something to both of them when the lights dimmed and the alert lights strobe red.
“Attention on deck!” the loud speakers blared, “Action Stations. We have a Mountain Event.”
That ended all conversation, gripping or otherwise. A Mountain Event was a national defense alert that meant the kingdom was in severe danger.  The crew reported to their stations just as the command pilot lit off the star drives and put the landing craft on a speed run to the area of interest. It took them less than an hour to get on scene. All the way in the Surveyor double oh eight was on the job. By the time they had arrived on the scene they had confirmed that the targets were non-military. They had determined that the targets were sky junk of some sort, and that they were on an orbital trajectory that would impact Trena in less than a year. They had not found any sign of Surveyor 011.
Surveyor Double Oh Eight would stay on the scene for three weeks. None of the crew complained about the extra time on station. They were joined by a second and third surveyors. The three spacecraft gathered over 100 million gigabytes of data and transmitted it by secure means back to The Mountain. When they left three weeks after first arriving on station they knew without a doubt their world was going to be killed and what was going to kill it. By the time the three space ships landed back at Fletcher Militia base, the crews were heartsick. They were even more heart sick when Military Police officers escorted them to The Mountain under protective custody. Of the many injustices that were about to befall the citizens of Trena; this was by far the first, and most painless.
Chapter 3: The Queen’s Briefing
The Queen was sitting quietly curled up in her chair as she read the report from General Qoum.  She had read it and re read it and was having trouble coming to grips with its conclusions. She got up and walked to the window that overlooked her garden heartbroken about what was about to befall her kingdom.
Her parent’s death ten years before had left her devastated and heartbroken.  She had assumed the monarchy of her kingdom at the tender age of 15.  For the last year or so she had been flying on her own. It had only been this last year, on her twenty-fifth birthday that her regents Lord Mercer and his wife Alice had stepped down.  They had done so because Trena Crown law required them to.  Because she had been so young when she came to the throne, the House of Lords had insisted that she have regents until she turned 25. She thought she wasn’t ready to deal with the running of a planet.  So far there had been no crisis, no threats of war, nothing until now that would impact her people.  She had learned that her government really ran the world, that all she did as head of state was to make sure that some of the more outrageous and crazy laws and rulings from the parliament and the ministries didn’t see the light of day. She had been blessed that her prime minister had been so level headed and could control the parliament.  She had wished the ministers he had chosen to help him were as good as him.
She picked up the resignation of the Minister of Emergency Management and wished she could get a hold of the woman and strangle her.  She couldn’t believe that in this time of great need that the woman had resigned!  There were a couple of other resignations on her desk also. The Militia’s chief of staff was another one that ticked her off. She would have never thought General McMillan would have deserted in this fashion.  She was wondering how these people had been picked and what it said about her people’s morals.  All of the people who had resigned were native born Trenans.  None had been an immigrant.  That bothered her more than anything. People who had lived their whole life on Trena had turned their backs on her people. But immigrants had not.
She picked up the personnel file of General Qoum and read through it again.  Trying to find out from the reports in the document what made this man tick.  She saw that General McMillan had consentingly given him poor reviews, but that was only for the last three years.  His other officers had given high marks on his professionalism, and his ability to get a job done. He been a lieutenant and in charge of a small patrol craft that had bloodied a republican war ship when they had tried to invade Trena thirty years before.  His ship had been bloodied and beaten up but they had taken it to the larger ship with a tenacity that the republican captain latter admitted scared him in to surrendering.
She reviewed some of the people he had hired and assigned to positions under him.  He had picked people who had the same passion he did when it came to protecting the kingdom, but who were not rabid patriots. She read the candid and confidential evaluations of the man by his officers and found that all respected him and would follow him anywhere.
She went back to the window and looked out to the sky wondering if she could see the disaster that was approaching her home world.  She was afraid that she would let her people down.  That she wouldn’t be able to do the job that she promised her father on his deathbed. She promised to serve and protect the people of Trena, to defend them against enemies foreign and domestic, to ensure their prosperity and safety. If the report that she was reading was true, (and she had no doubt it was after consulting with a couple of astronomers and astrophysicists), then she had failed her people.  Not being able to put it off much longer she said aloud, “Page, will your summon General Qoum, the Prime Minister, the Speaker of the House of Lords, and the President of the House of Commons.”
“Yes ma’am,” the computer replied. “Basil,” the young queen called for her secretary.
“Yes your majesty,” the thirty year old came into her study.
“Clear my calendar,” the Queen said, “Unless it is something that can’t be avoided like my annual checkup, I want it cleared for the next week.”
“I’ll get on it.” The secretary said, and left.  An hour or so later the general and the politicians arrived for her meeting.
###
When he arrived, McGregor, the leader of the Queen’s security detail, escorted General Qoum to the Queen’s study. The body guard who had once been a tackle with Trenaport University’s football team was in a plain business suit. Qoum who had been around many security types before couldn’t tell if the man was armed or not.  He didn’t have a doubt that this middle aged man couldn’t take a man down with his bare hands. He opened the door and announced the general then took up a station outside the door.  As he did, he let the general know with his eyes what would happen if he harmed his Queen!
As he walked in his mind was still reeling from the events of the last three weeks.
The surveyors had spent most of those three weeks surveying the asteroid belt and determining what had caused the asteroids to be ripped from their orbits. They were shocked to find out that a gravity bomb had caused it. Their first thought was that the Republic of the Stars, a long time enemy of the Kingdom had detonated the device. But further research and a conversation with the captain of the Thonian Warship Pounce who had seen the detonation and had determined it had been caused by one of their very early G Bombs. The captain had searched his ship’s data and had determined it was a jettisoned G Bomb from a battle 200 crimens ago. When he had discussed his findings with the Thonian ambassador, the Thonian ambassador had asked to see the Queen and had presented his captains findings. After they had presented their findings they offered to try and fix the problem. That had been the last time he had been here. Now he was back after the Thonians had tried to help.
Once in the Queen’s study Qoum found that she wasn’t alone. Beside the monarch, the speaker of the House of Lords and the president of the House of Commons, and the Prime Minister were present. The room couldn’t hold much more. He saw his report on the Thonian attempt to help them. It had made things worse.
He started to come to attention when the Queen said, “General stand easy.  We have too much stuff to go over to let protocol get in the way. Take a seat.” She picked up the report and asked, “What went wrong?”
“The Thonians believe that the programming on the bomb somehow got messed up.” The general replied, “It changed the focus of the bomb’s energy so it attracted instead of pushing the asteroids away. So now the field is more compact and much denser. The arrival time is changed; but only by a day.”
“Do they have any idea how the programming got messed up,” The Queen asked.
“No, they are checking the code now and have been for a couple of days and so far they have found nothing,” Qoum replied.
“So we need to move on,” The Queen picking up his report continued, “I have no doubt that your report is accurate, and your conclusions are correct. We must evacuate Trena. That has been confirmed by an independent source. The question is how?”
“That is the big question,” The general replied, “I was hoping the Emergency Services Ministry would have some answers.”
“So did us,” The Queen said, “She resigned when I asked what the plans were to deal with this.  I fired her deputy when he told me there were no planetary evacuation plans.”
“I am not certain what I can do for you your majesty,” The general responded carefully. “The military has the logistics to move things and people in an emergency. We can make the physical evacuation happen, but we don’t have plans in place to move the population off planet. I can move all my troops to safe havens off world in the event of a war emergency; but those plans are designed to move vital military resources off world so we can take Trena back. Not move large bodies of civilians.”
“Just as I thought,” The Queen said, “None of my ministers, none of my staff has even that much of a plan. What guidance can you give us?”
Qoum was silent for a minute, then spoke, “We are going to have to leave Trena. But it has to be orderly and we have to account for every last mother’s child. We have to take things with us such as the crown jewels, the royal constitution, what’s left of the treasury, all important art works, and people’s goods in addition to our people. That is a simple case of Logistics. That I can make happen, but what is a political decision is: who goes first, and what goes first. It’s more complex than that. Some folks will be welcomed on any of the neighboring worlds.  We have people that the Earth Empire, the Thonian Realm, the People’s Republic have been trying to recruit for years. We have bankers, lawyers; major corporations, artists, and others who will be able to earn a living on any world that they emigrate to. We have some people that will never be accepted by our neighbors. There are prisoners in our penal system that no one will want.  We have people in nursing homes, orphanages, and other who are being supported by the Crown who won’t be wanted by other star nations.  We also have a large minority of people who came to Trena to escape the political situation back on their home worlds, or who are wanted by others for some crime. These people have been very productive on Trena, and have not been in trouble since they got here. A case in point are the many clones and other bioengineered souls who have come to Trena to escape their indentures. Where do these people go? They are just as much our citizens as anyone else.”
The room was quiet while this sank in. Then Qoum continued, “So our evacuation plan has got to plan for all of our people to find a place to accept them. What we may have to do is to set up a colony for our people. But we have to find a world we can do this on with no native population or a colony world willing to take our citizens.”
“That’s going to be the big issue. The rest is just timing, and logistics,” The general finished.
“There is also a security issue isn’t there?” The Speaker asked, “Once we announce this, isn’t there a chance that we’ll have panic and riot?”
The general shrugged and said, “That’s a given.  Between the police force, and the Militia we can keep order.  But at some point with the safety forces being displaced due to their own evacuations we could lose it at the end.”
“How can we minimize the chance of revolution and rebellion?” The Queen asked, “I can see some people in the parliament being troublesome if their plan is not adopted. I can see some of the big businesses causing problems too. In addition to some of our more wealthy citizens could cause us some problems.”
“Some of them may not be as bad as you think,” The prime minister commented. “Some of these people will become our most valuable assets others well maybe we can let them be among the first to go.”
“You know some of our hot heads in the parliament if handled right could be encouraged to lead the colony effort. It would give us a way to get them out of our hair.” The President of the House commented. “But what we really need is someone who can plan this and make it happen.”
“A couple of month’s back I was having a drink with General Langtree we got talking about a guy he knew from his marine corps days a chief master gunnery sergeant. This sergeant had made a name for himself evacuating a couple of small imperial colonies.  They had to be evacuated for one reason or another. One of them was a town that was flooding. It had a population of two hundred thousand. A glacier was melting big time; it would take a few months to completely flood the town.  Not enough time to do more than slow it down.  He managed with just a couple thousand troops, and an engineering brigade to build a new town out of harm’s way. You may have heard of the results Haven?” The general replied, “It’s a popular leave spot for imperial military personnel.”
“Where is he now?” The Queen asked.
“No one really knows,” the general replied, “There are many legends surrounding this man.  How many are true? Who knows! Supposedly he fell in love about twenty years ago with cloned human being. He had hired her contract to help rehabilitate his step mother who been seriously injured on her wedding day. Something happened, her contract was pulled or he had to take shipboard duty. So they went their separate ways. Years later she tried to impersonate a navy medic; in fact she had been impersonating one for years and had been finally found out. He found her in the brig on his last duty station. The clone had been on the lam from Ebio who wanted her back.
“From there the story gets interesting and stops. Wilson, who is also the heir to one of the founders of Ebio took several million credits from his accounts, broke the biowoman out of his brig and disappeared. He hasn’t been seen anywhere.  Ebio wants him and the biowoman bad enough to put a price on his head.”
“Does anyone have any idea where he might be?” The speaker asked.
“General Langtree thought he saw him once on Trena,” Qoum replied, “In a grocery store.”
“Could one of the associations know where they are,” The Queen asked. The associations were groups of bioengineered people who worked with newly immigrated clones to help them integrate into Trena.
“Maybe,” Qoum said. “We recruit from the bioengineered community, especially, the Deltas and Betas. A lot of them already them have the discipline we need, and have some of the skills we need. I haven’t checked our roster yet. But he may not be working in the military.”
The Queen was quiet as she considered what she was being told. Trena had been for many years a haven for escaping biomen and biowoman from the Empire and other places.  The crown made no effort to find them, and turn them back to their owners.  Trena believed that people were free! No matter how they were created. Bios were treated as free people when they arrived on Trena. But that was true of most immigrants coming to the kingdom. As long as they didn’t harm the kingdom, or others the crown didn’t make any effort to control immigration. The kingdom was awash with all sorts of people who had escaped their government or situation on their native worlds. The kingdom didn’t work too terribly hard to stop their inflow. The customs and immigration people did screen everyone coming through the ports. Murders and outright criminals were turned over to the embassy from the world they came from.
“Neither he nor the clone involved have asked for asylum,” The speaker replied. He was familiar with the story and had let it be known that he was to be notified immediately if the pair asked for asylum.  He wanted to meet the man who had told the Earth Emperor, and Ebio to go fly a kite.
“After me and General Langtree spoke I checked the security notices. We get fliers from the Imperial Armed Forces about AWOLs and Deserters from their services. We also get notices from their justice department and he is not on any wanted list. It is possible that he passed through immigration without being noticed.” Qoum said, “If he got to one of the orbital industries and transferred to Trena that way he wouldn’t even have to go through customs and immigration.”
“Let’s put a bulletin out on him.” the Queen asked, “No arrest, or capture, just location.”
“Yes Ma’am,” someone said.
“How much longer can we keep the lid on this?” The Queen asked.
“Not much longer, we have to start lifting people out of here.” Qoum said, “A couple of more days at the most.”
“Tomorrow I’ll speak to the people.” the Queen said, “General, I am not certain what our people will do once this announcement is made, can you quietly beef up security at the space port?”
“Yes ma’am,” the general said, they had begun a quiet call up of militia forces a few days before anticipating this. “I can have them in place in a few hours. It’ll look like a drill.”
“Do it,” The Queen said.
Chapter 4: The Thonian
A few hours later, Deputy Chief of Trenaport Royal Mounted Patrol, Mylea Atomi sat in her office at the Transport Mounted Police Headquarters going over the reports and such that crossed her desk every evening.  She was the third watch commander. She had the 24 to 8 shift not because she was junior, but simply because she liked the peace and quiet it offered her. The day watch, and the mid watch were okay and she didn’t really mind the hectic pace those shifts offered; the 8 to 16 were for lifemated officers with families, and the 16 to 24 was for single cops, not widows like her. Not widows in mourning as she had been for the last two and a half earth years and would be for several more months.  She had been told that as her time of mourning came to an end her body would be changing, men would start being an item of interest again. Already she could feel some of the changes. She had begun to be interested in men again. Not since before she had lifemated Garth, her late spouse, had she thought about other men.  Now as her period of mourning neared its end she could feel the old emotions stirring her soul. She had been lifemated for nearly 7 crimens. A short period by her peoples standards. Garth had died in a shooting, killing him instantly. One moment he was there with her, bright and clear in her mind as he had been since she had been 6 when they mated the next she felt a clear ripping pain that rendered her unconscious. She woke up in an Interstellar Rescue Service Hospital; Garth was there but not there. She owed a lot to two earth human females. Admiral Klond, an earth woman, who understood her people’s physiology better than her own people’s medics and a biowoman who had become a good friend. Mylea was one of the lucky ones; normally death killed both lifemates.  It wasn’t something unheard of for lifemates to survive the death of a lifemate, but it was extremely rare. Due to the hormonal changes a lifemating changed in both spouses, the crimen of mourning wasn’t a custom, or tradition; but a necessary period that allowed a thonian adult to recover from the death of their lifemate.  Seldom though did they lifemate again. It was said that the intimacy of the first lifemating was too intense for the survivor to forget, and that the fear of not rebuilding the intimacy with another lifemate was too frightening for the widow to want to try.
 Now as she sat in her office pondering the future between bits and pieces of the normal paper work she dealt with daily, she was put in a position of mixed loyalties.  For now the biowoman’s lifemate were an item of interest by the crown.
“Now what am I going to do?” Mylea asked herself.
She had known her friend’s lifemate longer than she had known her. Mylea remembered when she had first met the man who would come to be a mentor of mentors. She had been newly promoted to squad leader in the MP unit. Her ruler, a young woman herself, had sent her to Gregory’s World. A small world involved in a very vicious civil war.  A peace negotiated by the Earth Empire, and Thonian Realm required the presence of neutral troops from the Earth Empire, and The Thonian Realm.  Mylea was to be the officer in charge of the unit, and an earthling was to be her first sergeant of the unit. The young sergeant was on his way to becoming his Empire’s top Military Police officer, The Realm had specifically requested that he be the command NCO of the operation. The sergeant, still not 30, had been given the assignment, his legend already beginning.  Mylea on her first unit command; was on her way to becoming a top officer of the Realm.  Little did either ruler know what their leaders had started when Mylea and Michael Wilson got together!  They ran the toughest, fairest, and most professional police force that Gregory had ever seen, some said the universe.
Mylea had learned police work from Wilson, and learned that it was people dummy.  Whether it was arresting a drunk, or helping a not so bright enlisted man do better or making an aristocratic officer understand she didn’t have the monopoly on ideas. That without people it didn’t matter what she did. She learned that without people there was absolutely no reason for the military to exist, that without people there was no reason for the military to protect, and defend the constitution, or the people who were protected by it.   She had learned a lot from this young man who was still hurting from the death of his spouse.
Years later she had found him on Trena having taking her disability retirement at 13 and emigrated to Trena.  The military retired any thonian lifemate who had survived a trauma such as she had.  In the past they had found that such survivors couldn’t function without their lifemate and were a danger to them self. The Space Force wasn’t heartless just practical in the dangerous profession of combat arms. They needed people who were completely on top of their game.  They couldn’t afford to wait a crimen or three earth years for her to be better. So she took her retirement and emigrated to Trena to start over.  Finding an old friend almost immediately when she started through the Trena Royal Mounted Patrol’s Academy.
Trena had never been backward or slow in accepting immigrants into their civil services, or anywhere for that matter. She had, had many job offers when her retirement had been announced. Trena was the one she took. She literally stepped from the landing shuttle into a waiting cop car that had taken her to the academy.
Now looking at the crown warrant she was torn between telling him to get going or; finding out what the crown wanted her two best friends for. His lifemate, Lisa, had helped her as much as Doctor Klond had in helping her through the first difficult year of her mourning.  She re read the warrant and decided to see what it was all about.  She called a friend of hers, getting him out of bed. She had heard that he was working for the crown the last few weeks.
“Hi Qoum,” Mylea spoke into the phone.
“Mylea?” the startled general asked, “What’s going on?”
“Do you know anything about this crown warrant for Lord Wilson?” She asked.
“Yes the Queen wants to offer him a job,” The man replied, “why? You know something?”
“I am going to be flat out honest with you La’Kent; I wouldn’t be here without Mike and his lifemate.” She said into the phone, “I won’t give him up to the company if that’s what’s going on.”
“Hell no Mylea,” The man retorted. He had known Mylea when she had been assigned diplomatic duty at the Thonian Embassy a few years back. She played a mean hand of poker. “The Queen has a very special job for him that only he can do. I understand his err, special circumstances, and if he’s here and doesn’t want the task I’ll personally give him a fast ship to get out of here!”
As she was pondering what to do the general said, “Call her! Talk to her. Here’s the number by her bed.”
“She’s really going to talk to me?” the Thonian commented, “Me a little ole police officer.”
“On this one she will.” La’Kent said, “Now can I go back to sleep. I won’t be getting much in the next few weeks.”
“I guess so La’Kent.” Mylea said. She cut the connection and pondered some more on what she was going to do. Finally she pulled on her jacket, leaving her driver behind, praying she wouldn’t be needed for anything, went to the palace.
As she arrived she called the Queen’s private number and was surprised when it was the Queen that answered. A few terse sentences later, and the Queen was sitting next to her in the squad car.  The Queen had pulled on an old jersey that seen better days, a pair of worn; but serviceable trousers. She appeared to be any young girl who was being helped out by the police.
“Chief,” The young woman said, “I appreciate your loyalty to your friend. It impresses me that you would protect him this way.”
“Your majesty,” Mylea said driving to Michael’s home, “Mike hasn’t had a lot of happiness in his life.  He finally found the...refound, the only woman who has ever understood him. His mother died of an over dose when he was a boy. His father was killed by a company containment team.  He deserves some peace and quiet.”
“I’ve read his history.” The Queen replied, “I know how special he is. Let me tell you why I want him.”
With that the Queen told the woman beside her what was about to befall Trena. Mylea realizing that this young girl, who was not much older than her daughter, Lamile, was dead serious. She looked over to the young monarch and said, “He’ll take it. I think.”
“Can we protect him from the company? I almost didn’t issue the crown warrant.  He is after all one of my subjects; I wouldn’t want to see him harmed.” The Queen replied, “I met his step mother. She represented Terra at Dad’s funeral ten years ago. She’s an impressive lady.”
“That she is,” Mylea said pulling onto the street Wilson lived on. “She’s on Mars raising Jill, Mike’s daughter.  Mike wants her with him; but they’re watching her. The company for all its stupidity will not mess with the admiral.  Not with her EmpQuar connections.  Maxwell only wants an excuse to take over the company.”
“He lives frugally,” The Queen said, “I’d expect that with his money he would live in little better neighborhood!”
“He doesn’t use any of his fortune on Trena.” The Thonian said, “Only his salary from the PD.  It’s modest and it doesn’t draw attention to him.” She parked the car and got out.
“Oh,” The name on the house was Aaron Wilson, “we weren’t searching for Aaron Wilson, but Michael Aaron Wilson.  That’s subtle. I’ll remember that. I wonder why the DNA identity check didn’t flag.”
The older woman didn’t have the heart to tell it did, but that because he was a police officer in the Mounted Patrol, the pickup had to be authorized by the Duty Chief on duty, before it could be executed.  The Red Wall, as the Mounties called it, had started to form around one of their own.
###
The knock came near dawn. It was a fast furious battering on the front door. It could have awakened the dead. He rolled out of the bed grabbing his pants and his gun. He carefully shut the bedroom door behind, him hopefully giving her a little more time, should it be the company trying to take her back. Ebio wanted her back in the worse way, it didn’t matter he was a shareholder of the company. It didn’t matter that as a major shareholder of the company that he technically owned her. She was the culmination of generations of genetic engineering.  He hadn’t technically stolen her, as he had found her years after she had escaped from them. Years after he had first purchased her contract to assist his stepmother’s recovery from a devastating injury. He didn’t know the full story; but five years ago Lisa had shown up in his brig, now a navy corpsman.  Shortly after that he had already but his paper in retire from Earth’s Imperial Marine Corps. Once approved, he took Lisa from his brig and emigrated to Trena.  Although independently wealthy, he refused to take all his money from Ebio, a company who sold biologically engineered and enhanced human beings. Although technically not slaves, they were in all but in name. When he arrived at Trena, he had found work as a police officer in the Royal Trena Mounted Patrol trying to stay under the radar so Ebio wouldn’t find them.
“Come on Mike open up!” The voice on the other side of the door yelled.
“Hold on,” Wilson snarled back trying to get into his pants wondering why Mylea was banging on his front door at this time of night.  Finally in his pants, he opened the front door and was more than happy he did. Standing with his nearly lifelong friend was the Queen. He wasn’t worried about Mylea. Mylea was an old friend from his days in the Marines who had seen him in all stages of dress. Like all thonian lifemated women, she wasn’t interested in other men once she had lifemated. The Queen though, was another matter. He would be embarrassed to stand before his queen in only his under wear.
“About time Sarge,” The tall huskily built thonian woman called seeing her old friend in only his pants. It was then seeing Wilson’s well-built chest that she knew her period of morning was almost over, she hadn’t felt like that since she had first seen Garth her deceased lifemate crimens ago.
Wilson chuckled and turned to the sovereign, going to one knee. He didn’t know if that was the protocol for this sovereign, but as a member of the nobility of the Terran Empire he was required to go to one knee, and bow his head, just in case, as tradition said, the sovereign wanted to remove it.
“Arise, Sir Mike,” The Queen responded. “May I come in?”
Wilson rose and gestured to the living room. He wondered why she was asking to enter his home. He also wondered where the queen’s protective detail was.
Mylea shut the door as Lisa came from the back bedroom. She saw Mylea and asked, “Mylea? What are you doing here at this time of night?”
The bio engineered woman looked as if she had stepped out of a high fashion magazine. Not a hair out of place. But that was the mystique of the delta clones. They were engineered to have the most perfect bodies, and the highest intelligence. Even sleep rumbled she hardly had a hair out of place.  She slumped to the wall shaking her head, “What’s going on?”
“Let’s go to the kitchen,” Mylea said. In the kitchen Mylea gave her friend the reason for the Queen’s visit.
“Sir Mike,” The Queen walked over to his entertainment center. She took a chip from her pocket and inserted it. “When you have viewed this I’ll be in the kitchen talking with two extraordinary friends of yours.”
She walked into the kitchen and approached the older women, one in the uniform of her planet’s police force, the other in her nightgown. “I am most sorry to haven waken you this way Lady Wilson.  I normally wouldn’t intrude on your peace this way.”
“I know your majesty,” The clone replied, “Mylea told me what’s going on.”
“Will he take it?” The Queen asked. “He’s been through so much.”
“Your majesty,” the clone said softly, “Neither I nor my husband will walk willingly away from our home world. This has become our home world as it is the only world where the two of us have been able to be together. Your people...our people have reached out and made us welcomed.  We owe our friends and neighbors something in return.”
“Lady Wilson,” The Queen remarked, “Anytime you two want to cut and run you just do it. I won’t have you be some trophy on some company containment officer’s wall.”
“Your majesty,” The Thonian officer looked the sovereign dead in the eyes, “Any harm that comes to them you’ll have me to answer to.”
Without a doubt the twenty five year old queen knew where she stood with the Thonian. She wondered how it felt to be so loved.  The Queen took the coffee Lisa handed her. As she sipped it she realized that it was just the way she liked it.  To Mylea she handed a cup of juice. Lisa made another cup of coffee and walked into her living room where her man was watching the end of his adopted world. He took the coffee from her and absently drank it. It took just over an hour for the briefing to be concluded. He walked into the kitchen where the three women were sitting quietly chatting. The Queen was holding his normally shy youngest on her lap.
“You’ve got me,” Michael replied, “What’s the plan?”
“Tonight I make the announcement,” The Queen replied, “By that time you will have been inducted into the militia as Commander in Chief all Forces Trena.”
“Oh that’s going to sit well with a couple of folks.” Michael replied. “Especially with General McMann!”
“He’s resigned. General Qoum was the next one in line to become the Militia commander. He is the one who recommended you!” The Queen said, “We’re going to build a staff around you. You will answer to me and only me. When you speak; you speak as if I am speaking. You will have the power to federalize any resource you need save the ships of other nations.  Your task sir Mike is to get my people to safety.  As General Qoum stated I want every last mother’s child off this world!”
Standing in his kitchen bare chested and in pair of ragged work pants Lord Michael Wilson, late command sergeant major of the Imperial Earth Marine Corps, now of the Royal Trenan Mounted Police snapped to attention and said, “I accept your commission my queen.”
“Thank you Sir Mike,” The Queen said softly gently getting to her feet, “If you don’t mind I’ll put my young friend to bed and let you and Lisa have a few minutes peace.” She carried the five year old to her room and quietly left the house with Mylea.
As they pulled away, the Queen said to Mylea, “If he was twenty years younger and unmarried!”
“I hear you your majesty,” The Thonian replied.
“Please call me Aggie, Mylea,” The young queen said, “Who does Mike need to get this task done.”
“I don’t know,” Mylea said honestly, “He’ll need the very best.”
“We got a lot of work to do,” The Queen said, “before this evening’s announcement.”
“What’s this we shit human,” Mylea said, “I’m just a poor dumb cop.”
“Who commanded the Companions, who could have commanded the Militia MP directorate if she had asked.” The young queen replied as she looked out the rear window, “You don’t think those guys in the car behind us would let me go with just any dumb cop now do you!”
Mylea; who had seen the car pull up behind them as they left the Wilson home, chuckled.  This was the first time she had been with the Queen and she was beginning to like the young monarch’s style.
Chapter 5: The Announcement
Now as Mylea came from the uniform shop with a set of uniforms for Mike she was stopping by her home to check on her daughter and to take her over to the Wilson’s so she could baby sit their young daughter as they prepared to go to the palace and the announcement that would promote Mike to the Marshal of the Trena Constabulary. He would be in effect be the top police officer, firefighter, dog catcher, customs officer, and anything that provided law enforcement or emergency life safety for the entire kingdom. That would put him charge of the evacuation.
She got out of the car as she saw her daughter open the front door of their place, “Mom where have you been? You weren’t home for breakfast or when I got home from school.”
“Something came up at work and I didn’t get a chance to call you,” Mylea replied, “Sorry Lam.”
“Something serious?” her daughter asked. She hadn’t called her mother, as her mother didn’t want Lamile to call her at work unless it was something serious. She knew nothing had happened to her mother, no one from the Mounties had come to tell her that her mother was in trouble or worse.
“Yes,” Mylea entered the house and shut the door.
Lamile Atomi, Mylea’s three and a third crimen or sixteen earth standard year old daughter, waited for her mother to elaborate on what her day had been like. She knew from other days if the day had been really bad or gruesome she wouldn’t share her day with her. Her mother didn’t think it proper to share all the things she saw as a police officer with her daughter. If her lifemate Garth had still be alive he would already know of her day because of her bond with him, but he had been dead nearly a crimen or three earth years.
“I don’t have much time,” Her mother remarked, “I am here to take you to Mike’s and Lisa’s so you can watch Abby while they get ready for Mike’s promotion ceremony tonight.”
“Uncle Mike’s being promoted,” Lamile asked, “You didn’t tell me he had made lieutenant.”
“The Queen reached down and has promoted him to Marshal of the Trena Constabulary.”
“Why,” Her daughter asked.
“We have to evacuate Trena, and the Queen wants him to head up the effort.” Mylea replied.
“Evacuate?” Lamile asked, “What evacuation?”
“Do you remember that explosion everyone was talking about the other day?” Mylea asked. There had been a great explosion in the Little Asteroid belt, the systems second and smaller asteroid belt. It could be seen from Trena though it was easily one astronomical unit out from Trena.
“Yes,” Lamile answered.
“Well what caused it was a centuries old piece of ordinance abandoned by the Space Force.” Mylea continued, “It was a planet buster bomb. It went off, throwing a bunch of the asteroids out of their orbits about the star towards us. We think they’ll be here by the winter holidays.”
Lamile was quiet as she considered the words her mother had just told her. Trena had been her home for nearly a crimen, ever since her father’s death and her mother had been discharged from the Companions, because of it. They hadn’t been home for longer than a partial crimen in many crimens. Then when they had been home they felt out of place. They had spent so much time on other worlds among other peoples that their home world of Thonia didn’t feel like home any more. So like many thonians they had immigrated to Trena. Over the crimen of her mother’s disability, Trena had become their home.
“Mom, why do we have to evacuate,” Lamile asked.
“Because there is no way to stop those asteroids from impacting Trena and destroying our world,” her mother answered.
“Destroying our world,” Lamile asked in disbelief, “Can’t someone do something?”
“That was what the explosion was all about the other day,” Mylea replied, “The militia tried to detonate another bomb and it went off prematurely causing more grief for us.”
“Oh,” Lamile responded, “So Uncle Mike is going to be the one to evacuate us?” Her mother nodded, “Can he do that?”
“If he can’t then we are in a world of hurt,” Mylea replied, “There is no one else on or off Trena that can get us to safety; all of us not just a few of us!”
Lamile was quiet as she considered what her mother had told her. She had known Mike Wilson all of her life. He was an Imperial Marine from the Earth Empire. An MP who often was assigned the same duty posts as her parents were. While her parents patrolled the space stations the Thonian Space Force made port calls at or had been granted planet side leave privileges, her Uncle Mike did the same for the Empire’s armed forces. When he retired, he and his wife had emigrated to Trena. He became an instructor at the Royal Trenaport Mounted Patrol Academy. They had been here before she and her mother had arrived on Trena. She had been surprised when Jill, Uncle Mike’s daughter, wasn’t with them. He said that she had been left on Mars with her grandmother. It was because Ebio, the company who made the biopeople would kill them all if she was with them. She hadn’t asked why, mostly as it seemed that Uncle Mike and Aunt Lisa didn’t want to talk about it. To this day she hadn’t answered any of her friend’s letters afraid she would let the cat out of the bag to Jill. Eventually the letters had stopped coming. She felt guilty that she had turned her back on Jill. One day she planned to make it up to her friend.
“You’ll be staying at the palace tonight,” Her mother brought her out of her thoughts.
“Why?” Lamile asked.
“Mike, Lisa, and Abby are moving into the Queen mother’s residence at the palace.” Her mother answered, “The Queen feels that with Mike’s Ebio problem, the palace is the safest place for his family. So while Mike is sworn in you’ll be babysitting Abby in the Queen Mother’s Residence.”
“Is it okay that I told them you would do this?” Mylea asked realizing she had told her daughter what she was going to do, and didn’t tell her that the Wilson’s had asked for her to babysit their daughter.
“Yeah,” Lamile replied. “Will you be around?”
“No the Queen is using me to run errands and such for her,” Mylea replied, “I won’t even see the announcement or be able to witness Mike’s swearing in. I’ll either be at the EOC working as the Mounty liaison or possibly standing outside the Queen’s office in case she needs something before the announcement.”
“Oh I wish we could see it together.” Lamile commented.
“So do I,” Mylea replied, “Look I am going to take a quick shower, and change uniforms. Why don’t you get anything you want to take to Mike and Lisa’s while I get changed?”
See nodded and went to her bed room to get some pajamas and got her data pad. She made sure the book she was reading was on it and then put them in small overnight bag. What her mother called an AWOL bag.
A few minutes later bag in hand she got into her mother’s police car.
As they traveled across Trenaport to her friend’s home in the western suburbs of the kingdom’s capital city Lamile was subdued. Although not normally a chatter box her daughter would on occasion jabber, this afternoon was not one of those times. Mylea suspected her daughter was digesting what she had been told. Lamile was indeed trying to digest what she had been told by her mother. The girl’s mind was roiling with what her mother had just told her. Trena was her home. Of all the worlds she had ever lived on Trena was the one she called home. She had lived longer on a couple of worlds, but she knew they were temporary, as her parents would soon be stationed to another world, many times for less than a crimen. As they passed the Princess Bay she saw one of the many replicas of pre Terran Empire sailing ships. Thonia, her people’s home world, never had a maritime heritage. She watched the replica sailing vessel putting out to sea remembering when she and her mother first arrived on Trena.
When they had arrived on Trena she had been still reeling first from her father’s death, then her mother’s disability that had forced her mother to be discharged from the Thonian Space Force and their immigration to Trena. The first summer she had been on Trena she had explored her new world with some kids from school. She had fallen in love with Trena immediately. She had spent part of last summer’s school break on one of the old fashioned sailing boats with several other kids. The first part of the Adventure of Learning’s voyage was to the Princess Falls. They arrived near sunset. The roar of the falls was over whelming from where they dropped anchor a half mile from the falls. As they dropped anchor, the boson’s whistle called them into the rigging to furl the Adventure of Learning’s sails. As she climbed to the top of the rigging she saw the falls above the mists that bellowed up from the base of the falls. As she climbed out on one the mast arms she realized the mast arm was taller the cliffs the water fell over. She and the rest of the riggers paused for a moment to watch the falls. The waterfall was a large horseshoe several miles across. Now in the late evening as the sun began to set, the setting sun lit the mists coming up from falls. Mini rainbows splashed over the falls taking their breaths away. She had seen many things on the various planets she had traveled to with her parents but nothing she had seen on those worlds had come close to what she had seen that evening. The thought of the simple beauty of the falls being destroyed was nearly a physical pain it hurt so much.
Now as she rode with her mother across Trenaport to her Uncle Mike’s home she observed the city. Realizing that much of what she observed would be destroyed by the end of the year. She saw the Convention Center that was barely a year old. The eloquent beauty of the Glass Palace, as the center was called, looked like it had been carved out of block of glass with a torch. Its glass surfaces acting as a prism as it sometimes scattered rainbows over the city some days. As they skirted the space port on the shores of the Princess Bay Harbor it struck her how it was strange to see modern landing craft landing across from the docked replicas of sailing vessels from antiquity. As if to bring that strangeness to life she saw a group of landing craft come in low over the nearby space port. The landing craft, medium sized ground to orbit space craft, slowed to a hover and soon people were pouring out the back of the landing craft.
“Mom do you see that,” She asked pointing to the space port.
“Yes! General Qoum has the militia making a practice drop on the port.” Mylea answered her daughter. “About the time the announcement is made the militia will seal the space port.”
“Oh,” Lamile responded.
“We’re afraid that people will go to the space port and cause a riot as they try to force their way onto some landing craft.” Her mother replied, “I think I heard the general ordering all militia landing craft on the port be launched for orbit or moved off the port.”
“Are they afraid of a panic,” Lamile asked.
“Yes,” her mother responded as she turned onto the road that would take them to her Uncle Mike’s neighborhood. As they pulled on to the road Lamile noticed a militia truck carrying a large tank somewhere. She turned to watch it go under the bridge they had just passed under just in time to see it miss a car and jack knife. The large articulated vehicle had dumped the tank onto its side blocking the bridge and traffic in both directions.
“Did you see that,” Lamile asked her mother. Her mother nodded.
“Are you going to stop?” her daughter asked.
Mylea looked at all the commotion caused by the wreck and considered going back to help but saw a patrol car coming down the road. Relieved she answered, “No, the Mounties are coming now.”
Lamile saw the cop cars slowing to a stop in front of the tank.
As she drove her daughter to her friend’s home Mylea reflected on her day.
The trip to pick up Michael’s uniform was the only semi free time that Mylea had all day. She didn’t know how it happened; but the Queen started using her as an aid. Mylea could sense trouble coming by the looks that she was getting from the Queen’s staff. She was doing the things they normally would. Worse Mylea knew it wouldn’t last; as she had her own job as a cop. True a high ranking one; but still a cop not an aid to her sovereign. Her talents would be better used helping to protect the people she was sworn to serve, than being the personal aid to this young queen. But now wasn’t the time to debate the issue.
Before going to the uniform shop, she had went to where General Qoum was working in the emergency operations center in the basement of the administrative building on the palace grounds where she picked up the generals tasking orders for his troops. He was living in the EOC instead of at the Mountain. The general’s deputy was now the Commander of the Mountain while he stayed at the palace to be available to the Queen or her staff.
“Commander,” The general addressed her by her former grade. She had been a force commander in the Thonian Space Force, “It’s good to see you again.”
“And you La’Kent,” Mylea said, “The Queen asked me to stop by and give you these. She wants your opinion back by tonight.”
“A table of organization,” The general asked surprised seeing the hand written chart. He looked it over and was surprised. He had expected a very amateurish table of organization, and not something that was the quality of one of his senior staff officers.  “You see this?”
“She asked my input on it.” Mylea replied, the Queen had done it all herself, with little or no input from anyone. 
“What do you think,” the general asked.
“If that young woman was not the Queen of Trena, she would be an outstanding choice as a flag lieutenant to an admiral. Or possibly be on fast track promotion lists.”
“It’s a shame,” The general leaned back in his chair as he commented, “She had the potential to be the best monarch our world has ever had, but she’ll never get the chance. Nine months from now her reign, and our world will be done.”
“General she wanted your tasking order,” Mylea had replied not wanting to go down the road the general was headed.  The general gave her a paper copy. Nothing was being trusted to electronics. She had left then going back to the Queen’s suite. She came back to the present as she turned off the Bay Road onto Hall Road that would take them to the Wilson’s sub division. She saw two hover cycle cops sitting on their cycles. Mylea knew that normally there was no cycles assigned to this part of Trenaport. They were normally used on parking patrols or speed enforcement on the Crown Highways that crossed the capital city as well as some of the provincial routes where people didn’t use the province’s intelligent traffic system and speeded.
As she pulled onto the street of her friend’s home Mylea noticed a nondescript car parked at the corner with two people in it. They were parked so they could respond quickly should there be trouble at Mike’s home. As she pulled into the Wilson drive way she noticed another car parked a little ways from Mike’s home. As she started to get out of the car one of Mike’s neighbors came out of her home when she saw Mylea.
“Chief,” the neighbor woman came up to her car. Mylea had met her a few years back at one of Mike’s barbecues.
“Hi Lois,” Mylea greeted the woman.
“I was just about to get Michael,” the twenty something woman returned. “See that car down the way?”
“Why,” Mylea asked.
“It’s been sitting there a couple of hours, just like the one at the top of the street.” The woman answered, “They’ve just been sitting there. Just watching things. They’ve not gotten out of the cars since they’ve been here.”
“Let me see who they are,” Mylea said and got out of her car. She thought she knew who they were but she wasn’t going to take any chances, “Lam go inside and tell Mike what’s going on! Lois, go back to your home.”
Lamile got her bag from the back seat of her mother’s cruiser and went up to her uncle’s front door. She knocked on the door and was let in by her uncle. She stood only a couple shongths shorter than her adopted uncle.
“Lam, where’s Mylea,” the tall earthling asked the thonian girl.
“There’s a car parked down the way that Mrs. Kellar thought was suspicious,” Lamile responded and nodded to where her mother was walking down the street, “Mom’s checking it out.”
Wilson closed the front door and went to the window. So he could watch his friend approach the car. He thought he should get his pistol out of the gun locker in the front closet and back her up. He refused to carry a fire arm in his house. Though all his weapons had biometric locks on them, he also kept them locked in gun lockers so Abby couldn’t get to them and play with them. Now as he watched his best friend walking to the car with two people in it, both thonians, he wanted to be out there with her. As she approached it, a woman in the car got out of the passenger seat of the car.
“Hello Chief Atomi,” she greeted her. “I’m T’gron, my lifemate Jen’kath is in the car. To answer your question; we’re with VIP security. Mr. McGregor assigned us this morning. They are still building Lord Wilson’s protection unit.”
She glanced into the car and saw a holograph of herself with her name and other information beside it. She turned back to the thonian and asked, “Can you show me some identification.”
The woman took out a wallet. It held a simple pentagonal badge with a crown sitting on a field of blue. Around the pentagon were the words: Crown Protective Service. There was no number on the badge. To see if it was real Mylea would have to take it back to her car and have the expert system in it run the ID.  She decided that if they weren’t for real they wouldn’t be that open about it. Especially when a phone call to McGregor would be all it would take to prove who they were. In addition Ebio never used thonians on their containment teams. Why no one knew.  But there was little love lost between Ebio and thonians. Thonians abhorred slavery.
“Have you told the Wilson’s?” Mylea asked.
“No ma’am,” the protective agent answered, “we were told to keep an eye on them. We were told not to disturb them. The Queen wanted to be sure that no one disturbed them. We’ve been here since noon.”
“The next time you take a post with Sarge you best let him know because he’s liable to take care of business.” Mylea said flatly, “He might have killed you!”
That sobered the agent. She had heard that Sergeant Wilson had been an Imperial Black Guardsman. The guardsmen were reputed to be able to kill a person without working up a sweat.
Seeing the look on the thonian’s face Mylea knew she had gotten through to the agent. She left the pair and went back to her cruiser. She got Mike’s uniform from the cruiser and took it up to her former sergeant’s home. As she did Lois, the neighbor woman came up to her as she shut the cruiser’s door and asked, “What’s going on Chief?”
“They are part of Mike’s security team,” Mylea responded, “The Queen’s appointed him as the Marshal of Trena Constabulary. The Queen’s making the announcement tonight.”
“Oh,” Lois remarked, she had known the Wilsons since they had built their home next to hers five years ago. She knew that her neighbor was something more than a simple Mounty. “Let me know if they need anything.”
“I will,” Mylea replied. The neighbor woman would be shocked, when she saw the reason for her neighbor’s promotion.
Mylea walked up to her friends’ front door which opened when she got there. Mike let her into the house. He had watched her confront the people in the car.
“Who are they,” Mike asked. He had assumed since his old commander had not yelled for help that they were not a threat.
“Crown protective service,” Mylea answered, “The crown is stepping up your security.”
“Because of Ebio?” Mike asked. Although he and Lisa had left the empire and had emigrated to Trena to keep from being captured by Ebio, they felt more or less safe on Trena. Ebio rarely sent closers to Trena. The TMP treated them ruthlessly, often killing them instead of taking them prisoners.
“Yes but also because of your new posting,” Mylea replied, “Her Majesty is concerned for your safety.”
Wilson nodded. He had suspected that he would be picking up a detail. He hadn’t talked to Lisa about it as he wanted to make sure of his facts. Lisa would not be happy about getting a protective detail.
Lisa came out of the kitchen holding a plate of food. She was going to let Abby eat in her bedroom, Normally Lisa wouldn’t let the girl eat in her bedroom, but this evening Lisa thought for once it wouldn’t hurt anything. “Hi guys!”
“Hi,” Mylea replied, “I can’t stay long. I brought Mike’s uniform.”
“Lam can you take this into Abby,” Lisa walked over to Lamile and handed her the plate of food and glass of juice she had prepared for her daughter.
“Sure Aunt Lisa,” Lamile took the food, “Where is she?”
“In her room,” her aunt replied. Lamile left the adults alone to take Abby her meal.
Lisa took the uniform bag from Mylea’s hand and took it back to their room with the other’s following. Lisa hung it on the back of the bedroom door and unzipped the bag. With the bag off the shoulders, the shoulder boards were exposed. Lisa was astonished to see that there were five golden crowns arranged in a pentagon on a red field, the same color as his uniform jacket. Lisa looked from her husband, to her friend, and then said, “She’s not fooling around.”
“I guess not,” Mike said.
“I got to get back,” Mylea replied, “I’ll see you at the palace later.”
“How are things,” Lisa asked.
“Not too many know what’s going on,” Mylea responded, “I don’t know much about the Queen, but I can tell that keeping this close to the vest is wearing on her. Qoum is living in the EOC. The security in the center is tighter than normal. A few people have commented about being challenged by the guards protecting the entrance to the building. Mac never mounts much of a visible guard around the royal household. But he’s got one now!”
“I guess that’s unavoidable,” Mike commented.
“Just like the four people watching the house and street,” Lisa commented. Her husband and her friend looked at her. “Yes I know about it. I was in the back yard watching Abby play a couple of hours ago when she first saw them. I thought it strange that they were just sitting there until I saw a cop stop and talked to them for a bit. I figured they were okay or the cops would get them to move off or have arrested them! I also saw you go talk to them with your hand in your purse to pull out your weapon Mylea!”
“They are from palace security,” Mylea replied, “Assigned to keep you guys safe.”
“From Ebio?” Lisa asked.
“No!” Mike answered, “It’s because of me and my new job. As a cabinet officer we will have a security detail.”
“I see,” Lisa said not convinced. She could always tell when her husband was shading the truth or not telling the entire story. She suspected that the increased security wasn’t because of Michael’s new job; but because of their problems with Ebio. Sometimes she wished they didn’t have to be so concerned of Ebio trying to find her and kill her.
Mylea could sense that Lisa suspected that Mike was not telling Lisa the truth. Mylea didn’t understand that. Once she lifemated with Garth, it had been physically impossible for either of them to lie to each other. Their empathic and telepathic bond made them one person. 
“Got to get back! I’ll see you at the palace.” She said to the couple.
“See you later,” Mike said as his friend left.
Mylea ducked into Abby’s room to say good bye to her daughter. She found her three and a third crimen old daughter sitting at a table coloring with Wilson’s crimen and a half daughter.
“Lam, I’ll pick you up in the morning,” Mylea told Lamile. “I’ll take you to breakfast.”
“Okay,” Lamile got up from the table and hugged her mother, the next thing Mylea knew Abby was hugging her also. As she did Mylea remembered when Mike’s other daughter, Jill was Abby age and it was both Jill and Lamile who were hugging her as she left Lamile with Mike or a sitter when she had to take duty. She knew why he had left Jill with his mother. She wondered at times how Jill was doing. She could tell at times that Mike missed his daughter. Lamile had been greatly upset to find out that Jill wasn’t with the Wilsons and that she couldn’t write her lifelong friend. They had talked into the night about why. When her five crimen daughter realized that she could get her friend harmed she reluctantly agreed not to write Jill. She hugged both girls and left.
Lisa came in a few minutes later, “We’re going to get ready to go. Is there anything you need?”
“No,” Lamile replied, “I brought The Star Pony with me. I thought I would play it for her. By that time you should be ready to go.”
“She really likes Star Pony.” Lisa commented, as she swept her hand around the child’s room that had been done in Star Pony. The Star Pony, a white Pegasus with a single horn like that of a unicorn was on the mural on the child’s ceiling. The child’s bed had star pony bedding with the Star Pony stuffed animal lying across the child’s pillows.
###
“We can be on a ship out of here.  This...” Mike held her in his arms. He was having second thoughts about taking this job; mostly because they would be in the public eye. That was a sure fire way for the company to be able to find them.
“Hush.” She said standing back from him. She took in his six foot six inch frame now completely adorned in the dress uniform of a senior mounted patrolman. He had always looked good in uniform.  The new uniform that Mylea had brought over was no exception. The scarlet wool jacket, with a pair of black trousers with a red strip down the seam looked like he had been born it. The rockers and chevrons of a mounted patrol sergeant had been replaced by an epaulette with five crowns that denoted his not only his grade; but his rank as the Marshall of the Trena Constabulary. Lisa had found his coronation sword and had mounted it on his gleaming black pistol belt. “You were commissioned to serve and protect these people Michael. I was created to help people. We can’t run from this. If it is to be the end of us…”She trailed off and finally said, "Well it won’t be.”
“I promised never to put you in danger needlessly.” Michael replied.
“I know,” Lisa put her finger on his lips quieting him, “Now zip me up!” She turned her back to him. He zipped up the elegant dress that she had last worn at the Winter Festival dance last year. They left the back bedroom and went into the living room. In the living room they found both young people were watching the Star Pony holo Lamile had brought over. Abby saw her father and mother come out of the back of the house. She saw her father in a Mounty’s formal dress uniform, and said simply, “Oh Daddy!”
“Damn Uncle Mike,” Lamile said, this wasn’t the first time she had seen her mother’s best friend in his dress uniform, but it was the first time the nearly 15 standard year old young woman had seen him in a Mounty’s dress uniform.   She now had an idea why Earth and Thonian women fell all over themselves for a man in uniform. 
“Damn yourself,” Michael said, 
“Don’t anyone move!” Lisa commanded, going for her camera. She was the photographer in the family. Some thought she was good one at that. A couple of her stills were hanging in the police academy’s lobby. One spectacular fire scene was hanging in the lobby of fire station 6 that showed their battalion chief catching a baby thrown from a second story window. The window that the baby had passed by was completely engulfed in flames. It looked as if a tendril of fire was reaching out for the child. The child’s mother had perished in the fire. Chief Janet Able received a Royal Citation for that rescue.  She took a picture of her “girls” and then had Lamile take one of her and Michael. It would be the first of many pictures that she would take documenting the evacuation. As she put her camera away there was a knock on the front door.
Mike opened the door to find a well built man in late thirties with sandy brown hair. Standing with him was a tall red headed woman who eyes never stopped moving, “Good evening Sir Wilson”
“Good evening,” Mike returned.
“Sir Mike,” the man said, “I am MacGregor, This is Georgia Lancaster,” Both of them had their ID carriers out. They were part of the Royal Protective Service. “We’re here to escort you and your family to the palace for your induction.”
“Family,” Lisa remarked.
“Yes, the Queen was quite adamant that the three of you were to be brought to the palace.” The sandy haired man answered.
“But we didn’t think Abby was going with us!” Lisa replied. “She’s not dressed! Is she supposed to be with us?” 
 “No Lady Wilson,” the Macgregor answered, “The Queen didn’t say why.”
She suspected that the man knew more; but wasn’t at liberty to discuss the issue with her or her husband.
“She’ll have to go as she is,” Lisa looked towards her daughter. She wasn’t dressed appropriately for court. The child was bare footed, wearing a short skirt and a tank top. “We don’t have time to dress her.” 
“Aunt Lisa,” Lamile spoke up, “if you don’t mind I can get her changed and meet you at the palace? It won’t take long.”
“We do have two cars,” The red head injected, “McBride can stay here with second car and bring them all to palace.”
“That might work,” Macgregor commented, “Is that okay Lady Wilson?”
In all their married life, no one had ever addressed Lisa by her title. Her husband never used his on Trena; his nobility was tied to the Court of Columbus on Earth. When they left the empire he had given up his title of Knight Commander of the Terran Empire.
“Yes, that’s okay,” Lisa replied she turned to her young friend, “Lam she can wear the dress she wore at Winter Lights a few months ago.”
“The green one with the white leotards?” Lamile asked. Lisa nodded. “I’ll see you at the palace.”
A young woman in her late twenties came into the house, MacGregor introduced her, “This is Sally McBride. She is detailed tonight as Abby’s protective agent. She’ll watch over her while she is at the palace.”
“Hello,” Lisa greeted the young woman who couldn’t be more than twenty five or six. She was dressed in slacks and a long sleeved blouse. If the petite dark haired agent was carrying a weapon Lisa couldn’t tell.
“Good evening Lady Wilson,” The young elfish woman greeted her, “I’ll get both kids to the palace.”
“Lamile,” Lisa pointed to the thonian teenager, “is Abigail’s sitter.”
“Yes ma’am,” the young woman acknowledged. She had read dossier, on the Wilsons and the Atomi’s. She knew who the thonian teenager was, Chief Atomi’s daughter. “I’ll help her if she needs help.”
“Let me go in and tell Abby good bye,” Lisa went to her daughter and said to the girl. “Abby, Lamile and her friend Sally are going to take you to the palace where me and Daddy will be waiting for you.”
“Will Aggie be there?” the child asked, She had surprised her mother by going right up to the Queen and climbing right up on to the young woman’s lap early that morning. Abby normally didn’t warm up to strangers. She had been asking about the Queen all day. Lisa hadn’t thought the girl knew who their early morning visitor had been.
‘Yes,” Lisa replied, “its Aggie’s home!”
“Did you hear that Star Pony?” the little girl cried as she hugged the stuffed animal, “I get to introduce you to my friend Aggie!”
Lisa smiled as she turned back to the group standing in her front room.
As she did, she caught Macgregor sneaking a peak at his watch and Lisa got the message it was time to get to the palace. She turned to Lamile, “Don’t let her see the announcement. I’ll have to find a way to tell her what’s going on.”
Lamile nodded “Come on Abby let’s get you dressed.”
She picked up the child and took her to her room so she could dress the girl. 
Lady Wilson had touched on something Sally McBride had been pondering since they were briefed on the disaster that morning. How would they tell the children that Trena was going to be destroyed?
Lisa walked to where her husband was waiting to walk them out of their home. When they exited the building they found four cars parked in front of their home. All of them were unmarked with not even the insignia of the royal family on any of them. As they got closer to the vehicles, a very tall thonian got out of the middle vehicle, and held the door for them. Once settled in the limo the convoy pulled away from the house. As they cleared their street two hover cycle cops fell in with the convoy, blocking cross roads all the way to the palace.  
It took almost no time for Lamile to dress Abby. Lamile packed a bag of clothes for the girl. As they left the house Abby had a death grip on Star Pony. Abby was shy around most strangers, and Sally McBride was no exception. The little girl hugged Lamile’s leg as they left the house. All the way to the palace Abby stayed as close to Lamile as she could.
It took a few minutes to get to the palace. Lamile watched Trenaport pass by. More cops and soldiers were in the intersections they passed through on the way to the palace. She even saw barricades piled up on sidewalks at some of the intersections. A few were even set up. As they pulled up to the palace Lamile couldn’t help but notice that the gates were closed and a large tracked vehicle was blocking the gates. There was small vehicle parked nearby. It was an open topped vehicle with some sort of weapon on the back of it. It unnerved her when the weapon tracked their car. The guards thoroughly checked the vehicle and scanned their identification papers before they were allowed in. The driver took them to a low rather plain looking building that Lamile remembered as the Queen Mother’s residence from a school tour she took the previous school year.
They were met by a petite middle aged woman with coal black hair with a white stripe that started from her forehead to where the hair fell just below her shoulders.
“Hello,” the woman greeted them, “I am Maggie. I am residential housekeeper for the Queen’s Mother’s residence. I will be looking after you tonight. Let me show you to your quarters.”
“Maggie,” Sally McBride spoke up, “this is Miss Wilson,” she pointed to the small child. Abby shrank away from the housekeeper when she tried to greet her. “And this young lady is Lamile Gr’then Atomi, Chief Atomi’s daughter.”
“Welcome to this house Miss Atomi,” the housekeeper replied.
”Miss Maggie,” Lamile spoke to the housekeeper, “Thank you. Don’t worry about squirt here. She takes a while to warm up to strangers.”
“Oh,” The middle aged woman responded. “Let me take you to the family room.”
The house keeper led them to a large room near the center of the house. There were several large sofas scattered around the room, along with a couple of recliners and a table tucked into a corner. There was a book case stacked with books and along with several data cards on it, Lamile put the program she had brought with her into the player. Abby didn’t make it through the first program. She fell asleep on the sofa.
“Let’s take her to the bedroom,” McBride suggested, “She’ll be more comfortable there.”
“Okay,” Lamile bent down and lifted the child from the sofa. She woke then and walked with her baby sitter to one of the bedrooms. When they got to the bedroom Lamile was astonished to see what was over flowing one of the beds onto the floor. Abby saw the contents of the bed and ran to it jumping in among the stuff animals.
“She’ll be okay here,” McBride commented, “I’ll sit here just in case she wakes.”
“She’ll sleep.” Lamile remarked, “We should have gotten her out of her dress.”
“Don’t wake her,” McBride replied. Lamile nodded and went in search of her bag, Finding her bag, she rummaged around in it until she found her reader with her school work on it. Deciding not to watch the announcement in case Abby woke up and came into the family room she curled up on one of the sofas and worked on her homework instead. 
###
At 2000 hours the Royal Crest and anthem of Trena took over all non-life safety audio and video channels.  The Crown owned all the communication resources on Trena, when the Crown needed to talk to the people it did so. A championship ball game was interrupted, as was a very popular game show. Almost immediately calls started to come in to the operators of the various entertainment providers So much so that many people didn’t hear the announcement the first time.  The crest faded to show the young queen standing before a plain white desk with few accouterments. She was dressed in a plain business suite.
“Good evening,” The Queen began, “I am sorry to interrupt your evening; but it cannot be helped. I too wanted to see the Royals smash the Manglers in the finals.” She gave a smile that seemed sad. “But my people I have a message that cannot wait much longer to share with you. I wish I could give you time to get use to what I am about to share with you, to feed the news to you in small bites, or to sugarcoat it, but I am forced to be blunt. ”
“A terrible tragedy is about to befall our beloved home world. By the winter holidays Trena will have been destroyed by the remains of an errant piece of sky junk. The imagery now playing on your receivers shows how Trena will die.” The sound continued but now the woman’s image was superimposed by a map of a solar system and a video that showed how the disaster started and what was expected to happen. A time line was superimposed on the images showing when things had to be done. The last scenes showed asteroids impacting on the planet. 
“This information was reported to me a while ago,” the young woman said softly, “At first I couldn’t believe it and had to have it rechecked and confirmed. The comet that we all watched in awe invade the Cheryl Asteroid belt then after being assured that they were of no further danger to us, thinking we were safe from any further disaster from the comet as it appeared to be on its way out of the Trena Solar System turned to other more important things in our lives. 
“How I wish that were true. How I wish that was true.” she repeated. “When I was informed of the disaster about to befall us, I was stunned.  Wanting to make sure that what I was being told was correct I had various authorities look at the data. The presentation that you are now seeing is the consensus of what they believe will happen to our lovely world. Yesterday I became convinced that the simulation I just shared with you will come to pass.
“Many of you, just as I did, will not want to believe this.” She continued, “Some of you will seek to deny that our home world; which has nurtured us from our birth, or has given us a haven from danger is doomed. Many of you may choose not to be evacuated, believing we are exaggerating the scope of the disaster.  Some of you may even take actions that are totally unacceptable to your family, friends, and to me, your sovereign. I have authorized and commanded that the data that I have presented to you this evening be made public. It is now available in the Royal Library and can be reviewed by the people of Trena at any time.
“To answer one of the questions surely to be asked; can the militia do something about this? They have tried and failed, making matters much worse. For that you can blame me as I asked our friend’s, the Thonians, to try to blow the asteroids out of the sky. Instead of clearing a path that Trena could glide through it had the opposite effect of making the asteroids denser and now impossible to eradicate safely. My advisors have assured me that any type of clearing action now will make it much more disastrous.
“We must evacuate our world,” The Queen said softly, her voice filled with tense emotion.  “As much as I wish there was another way; there isn’t. Today I have had to make a decision on how to accomplish this. In consultation with my government,” The imagery had gone back to the office setting and showed the Queen standing with several people “and my trusted advisors; I have found an individual that is capable and willing to lead our evacuation effort.”
“His name is Lord Michael Wilson,” the Queen said as the image dissolved to show a tall husky man in the navy blue uniform of an Imperial Marine being invested as a knight commander of the Terrestrial Empire. As images showed this same marine being awarded the Imperial Medal of Honor, The Thonian Service Cross and presented a brief resume.  The Queen’s voice overlaid the imagery, “He is a peer of the House of Lords of Earth. His is not a hereditary title. His title was earned through dedicated hard service and sacrifice to the Terrestrial Empire.  He emigrated to Trena, where he quickly became a valued instructor at the Trenaport Mounted Police Academy, and at the University of Trena, where he teaches emergency management, law enforcement tactics and moral leadership to our planet’s police officers. He is by far the most knowledgeable person on Trena, or off to help get every last mother’s child off Trena.  He may not have been born on Trena, but he has my confidence in his loyalty to us and our need. My people, visitors to the Free State, I present to you the Marshal of the Trena Royal Constabulary, Lord Michael Wilson, our Commander of the Trena Evacuation Force.”
The tall imposing figure of the middle aged man seen in the holos marched to where the Queen stood, taking his place beside her, He towered over the Queen at nearly six foot six. As soon as he was in place, a woman took a position beside him. The woman was a delta clone. One of the top of the line models from Ebio.   The camera zoomed to show an older man in a black flowing robe standing before a large rock set on an ornate table before the Queen’s party.
The old man turned to the middle aged man dressed in the uniform of the Trena Royal Mounted Patrol, “Lord Wilson, place your hand on the Rock, and raise your left hand.” He placed his hand on The Rock.
“Lord Michael Wilson, do you solemnly swear to protect and defend the people of Trena from all threats, against her and her people, whether they be foreign, domestic, natural or intelligent?”
“I do,” Mike Wilson’s baritone softly filled the room as he took the oath with one palm on the “Rock” and the other held in the classic position of oath taking.
“Upon your sacred honor, as you take this Oath of Duty and Fealty to the people of Trena, do you further swear that you hold no other commitments or reservations upon your time, including commissions in any foreign governmental or military organizations that would hinder you in serving the Kingdom of Trena and her people?”
“I so swear!” Mike Wilson’s voice boomed filling the room.
“Your majesty,” the justice turned to the sovereign, and then the assembled governmental officials, “Your lordships, Mr. President,” then facing the camera the solemn man continued, “People of Trena, I give you our new duly installed, Commander of the Trena Evacuation Force, Marshal Lord Michael Wilson.”
“Thank you, your Honor, Queen Agatha.” He shook the official’s hand and bowed to the sovereign, then turned to the camera himself “People of Trena I will make this brief, as we don’t have a lot of time for things like this.
“Our sovereign has selected me to manage this Herculean task of getting every last one of you off-world.  I promise you all that this task will be my only objective. I make this promise to you; that those of you on Trena today I will see that you are safely gotten off-world before it is too late.  It is not going to be easy, there’s going to be hard times.  Some of you may not believe what is happening; others may believe that you have a better way to get things done.
“That is quite normal.” He spoke calmly, almost softly, “What I ask of you today is to continue on with your everyday affairs. Our world needs you at your jobs. Your families still have to eat and your landlord still needs his rent, and creditors need you to pay your bills so they can feed their families.  Simply because we’re going to evacuate doesn’t mean it’s going to happen tomorrow.  We all have to work together. Our farmers have to transport their goods to market, and that our factories build what we will need to evacuate all of us.  
“But more importantly, it will take us all working together to get every last mother’s child off world. So before you ask what the crown can do to help you, ask what you can do to help the crown get us all off world. That’s all I have to say at this time, I’ll be in touch over the next few weeks.”
He turned and gave a slight bow to young Queen, then stepped back to allow her to once again fill the camera as she concluded, “I know that many of you will be disturbed by these words and the action I am taking. I ask though that you work with Lord Wilson, and help both he and I complete our sworn task of protecting and serving the people of Trena. Good evening.”
With that, the event was over. When the cameras were off, she visibly slumped. Had not Wilson been thee to catch her she would have fallen to the floor. He gently sat her in a chair then turned to the assembled officials, “Is she needed for anything else tonight?”
“No sir Mike,” the prime minister replied, “I’ll call her maid. Aggie, you did good!”
She nodded numbly trying to hold back the tears. It had hit all at once, she would be the last monarch of Trena. She was abandoning the world that her great, great, great grandfather had founded four centuries before. She felt that she had betrayed the trust they had given her. When everyone was gone save the Wilsons; she let go. Her maid came in tried to soothe her. Seeing it wasn’t going to work.  She turned to Wilson and asked, “My lord could you help me get her to her suite? I don’t want to call the EMS people it’ll surely leak that she...”
He gently picked up his sovereign and employer. He carried her as if she was a mere babe. She woke vaguely understanding that she was being carried by someone. It was in that moment that they bonded.  Wilson reminded her of her father as he gently carried her to her suite she thought for a fleeting instant it was her father carrying her. She whispered Dad. Wilson hushed her and said, “You’ll be okay Aggie. We’ll take care of you and our people.”
Outside the Queen’s suite Wilson visibly slumped. He was having second thoughts about taking this job. Although the Queen’s duties were over for the night, his wasn’t. He wanted to stop in at the Emergency Operations Center to see how things were going. There really wasn’t much he could do. With the Queen’s Disaster Declaration, with his elevation to Marshal, it put him fully in charge of every crown resource needed affect the evacuation of the planet of Trena. Those resources also include the militia. Right now the militia was carrying the ball. He wouldn’t have to stay long, but he wanted to let the operations staff know he was thinking of them. He wanted to connect immediately with them so they started to get to know him. For the time being these folks would be his voice. So it was important that they start getting to know him. 
“Babe,” he turned to Lisa, “I’ll catch up with you in a while.”
“I need to catch up with Abby and Lamile.” Lisa replied she saw the two agents standing a little ways from them giving them some privacy. 
“Can you show me where the EOC is Mac,” Michael turned to the sandy haired man.
“This way Marshal,” McGregor said and escorted her husband away.
“Lady Wilson,” the red head who had been nearby all evening came over to her, “Let me escort you to Miss Wilson.”
Lisa nodded.
The red head escorted her out of the Queen’s residence. It was a short walk through the palace grounds to a low slung building that was nestled in among the trees and shrubs of the palace.  The walkways all were lit by low intensity lamps that lined the walk ways and lit the flowerbeds which were beginning to show spring growth. Lisa imagined they would be gorgeous when they bloomed in a few weeks. The building the red head escorted her to had not been occupied for many years. Not since the Queen was a little girl when her grandmother was still alive. Now it was lit up. As they approached the building she saw two people standing to either side of the buildings entry. As she they stepped on to the porch one of them opened the door for them. 
Inside the foyer stood a petite middle aged woman dressed in a light tan knee length dress. She was little older than Lisa. She was immaculately groomed. 
“My Lady,” The woman greeted her, “welcomed to this house.”
“Thank you,” Lisa replied wondering where her baby was.
“Let me take you to your little one,” Maggie offered. Lisa nodded and the servant led her through the spacious building that was bigger than the home they had built for them when they first came to Trena. She knew she hadn’t seen the entire building. She glimpsed through open doors a study, a largish family room. Lamile was there reading something. She didn’t disturb the teenager. The servant led her into back of the house. There were four bedrooms. 
She found Abby in a dorm like room at the end of the hall with two bunk beds at either end. She found her daughter in the lower bunk of one of the beds. She was lying on top of a pile of stuffed animals of every kind imaginable. Abby had a choke hold on a tan bear with a yellow face. Its bright red tongue sticking out of its mouth as if was being choked. Lisa suppressed a chuckle afraid she would wake her sleeping baby. She turned to leave and saw the young woman they had escorted Lamile and her daughter to the palace. Her suspicion of what was going on only increased when she saw the young woman’s side arm. That frosted her. Michael never wore his fire arm any longer than it took to place it in his gun locker. Even before their daughter was born Michael never left his guns out. They were always secured in the gun locker in their home.
“Miss would you come with me,” Lisa spoke to the young woman.
“Yes ma’am,” The young woman got to her feet and followed her out of ear shot of where the child slept.
“Thank you for staying with my girls,” Lisa spoke softly to the young woman, “I’ll take it from here. So if there is some place else you need to be…”
“Lady Wilson,” the redhead who had escorted Lisa to the palace spoke up, “Sally is assigned here and to Miss Wilson.”
That confirmed her suspicion that Mike hadn’t told her everything that was happening. To confirm her suspicion she asked the redhead, “Are you assigned to me?”
“Yes,” Georgia answered as it dawned on her that Lady Wilson hadn’t been told of who she and McBride were. “Lady Wilson, Sally and I have been assigned by the Crown Protective Service as yours, and Miss Wilson’s protective agents.”
“Protective agents,” Lisa asked, “Why?”
“Because of your husband’s position it was felt that you and your family needed a protective detail.” The protective agent replied.
Lisa wasn’t convinced that the detail hadn’t been assigned because of hers and Michael’s Ebio problem. She didn’t mention her suspicion as she wanted to talk to her husband. She didn’t know whether to be furious with her husband or not.
“When Michael’s done we’ll be going home,” Lisa said, “I assume you’ll be going with us?”
“My Lady,” the Housekeeper spoke up, “The Queen had me get this house ready for your residence. This is to be your home!”
Lisa was speechless. She didn’t know what to say. She had been suspicious when after the announcement she had been escorted to this house. It had already been aroused when her daughter had been brought from their home to the palace.
“We also wanted to get your family to some place safe,” The red head said, “We didn’t think your home was safe enough for you.  Her majesty wanted you safe. She felt that the palace is much safer than your home.”
Lisa was still speechless. She understood the logic of it. The palace was not a fortress, but it was much safer than their home. She wondered how much her husband knew. She knew her husband, if he had known that this was going to happen he would have mentioned something to her. She looked at the two women not sure what to say or do.  She wanted to say something about the two women wearing fire arms in her home but knew that would useless. As long as they were her body guards she knew they would ignore that request. As long as they were there to protect her and her family they would go armed everywhere they went with her and her family. She looked to the two women knowing they were waiting on her to say something.
“There isn’t much any of us can do about this tonight,” Lisa finally commented, “Let’s get out of this hallway, so we don’t wake Abby.”
“I’ll resume my post,” McBride said turning to go back to the chair she had been sitting on.
“You don’t have to do that miss,” Lisa replied.
“I know, Lady Wilson,” the young woman remarked, “I just want to be here in case she wakes. It might frighten her to wake in a strange bedroom in a strange house.”
She saw the wisdom of it, but thought she would stretch out in the empty bunk, besides at some time the young woman would be going off duty. But she also wanted to see what the reactions were to the announcement. She wouldn’t watch the coverage of the Queen’s announcement without Abby within earshot of the holoset. “When you go off duty come get me.”
“Yes Lady Wilson,” Sally said as she sat down in the chair, though she had no idea when her relief would show. She didn’t have any idea who that would be.
 “This way Lady Wilson,” Maggie gestured down the hall. She led them to a largish room that Lisa had seen Lamile in earlier.  When Lisa walked into the room Lamile didn’t look up from what she was doing. The teenager didn’t have the holo on or music; which was out of character for the girl. Whatever the girl was into it had her full attention. Lisa sat down next to Lamile startling her friend.
“Did you hurt yourself when you hit the ceiling?” Lisa asked the teenager chuckling.
“Naw,” Lamile chuckling herself replied, “I didn‘t realize I was in to my book so much.”
“What are you reading?” Lisa asked. Lamile gave her pad with the cover of the book. It was a history of Trena. About the early days after James McAllister first landed on the planet. “You didn’t listen to the announcement?”
“I didn’t want Abby to walk in on it if she needed something!” Lamile replied. She spoke, “computer, turn on holo, tune to world net,”
Soon the holo was showing a news caster talking about the upcoming bombardment from the asteroids.
###
Mike Wilson had given his wife a quick hug and allowed McGregor to show him to the emergency operations center in the basement of Serenity’s main building. Although the entire compound was known as Serenity, the main building in front of the main gates was the palace.  It held the formal throne room of the kingdom, and the Queen’s offices. The EOC was 70 feet underground. It was safe from most natural disasters, but not from someone bombing the palace. Needless to say, that just a small asteroid crashing anywhere on the palace grounds would take it out. For Wilson's purposes, it would become his war room, to monitor the evacuation’s operation; it would not be where his office would be. 
As he walked into the center for the first time he was impressed. It was a largish room with work stations in a theatre like setting facing a large display, which took up the whole front of the room. One portion of the screen showed traffic around the kingdom’s major cities. Another section of the display showed various live news feeds showing what was happening around the kingdom. Another portion of the screen listed missions being carried out by the militia and crown authorities. Many of the mission statements were red or yellow indicating that they were underway and not completed or not tasked. Some of the missions were: Marseilles financial district, Port Landon, the planet’s secondary space port. There was a lot of green on the display too. Trenaport herself was secured as was the space port, the financial section, major installations including the militia facilities. He could tell that things were being secured. 
“Good evening Sir Mike,” A voice said from behind him. Wilson turned to see a beta bioperson coming up to him. He offered his hand, “Welcome to my lair.”
“Good evening,” Mike returned. “This looks impressive.”
“It’s relatively new,” the bioman replied he vaguely looked like his wife, like a brother or possibly a cousin. All biopeople were related, this one showed it more than others. “The Queen authorized its rebuilding a few years back.  We are still getting it up to speed.”
“Sir Mike,” a familiar voice said behind him. He turned to see General Qoum whom he had spoken to several times during the few hours leading up to his official appointment. “I see you’ve met Leonard. He’s the EOC officer.”
“Yes I have,” Wilson greeted the older man. “Good evening general,” 
“It’s good to meet you in person,” the general replied, “boss.”
“And you too general,” Wilson responded. “I’m not going to stay long. I just wanted to see what’s going on and meet a some of the folks.”
“Let me show you around,” Leonard offered. Wilson nodded and they toured the facility.
For the next few minutes the beta bioman showed him around the emergency operations center. He met the various people working at the work stations. They were mixed group of people. There were thonians, biopeople, and norms, all of them quietly working coordinating the information coming to their stations. Each station handled a particular agency, or discipline. The militia, space traffic control, transportation, emergency medical service, and fire suppression. He was surprised to see the finance desk up and running. 
“We’re incurring expenses,” the woman who was running the desk replied when Wilson asked her about it. He nodded. That told him a great deal about the staff he was to manage. They were being proactive.
“Captain Stern,” Mike greeted the Mounty. He was nominally the precinct commander of the Academy Precinct. The precinct headquarters were located on the academy grounds. The precinct covered a section of northern Trenaport. “I didn’t know you were assigned as part of the liaison team.”
“I was just appointed last month,” the man replied, “I just took the EOC course last week, and have just completed my qualifications. I thought the tidal wave final exercise was a bastard. That’s going to be a wet blanket compared to this mess!”
“It is at that,” Mike replied. He knew how tough that final exercise was. He had helped to design it. Occasionally he had sat in on the exercise as one of the simulators. Every once in a while he taught the EOC course at academy. “How we doing?”
“Traffic is starting to pick up,” The Mounty replied, “We’ve asked traffic control to not accept space port or elsy pad destinations. That should make it harder to get to the space port or landing craft pads.”
Wilson nodded. Trenaport had an intelligent traffic system. Most cars had hand controls but most of the time people just put in their destinations and let the car take them to their destinations. Many Trenaport residents had no idea how to get to commercial landing craft terminals, or the space port or other destinations on their own. By “turning off” those destinations in the system, it was hoped that people would be so frustrated that they couldn’t get to the ports or landing craft terminal, they wouldn’t try to get to the port on their own. Only those that knew how to get to the port or a landing craft terminal and were determined would drive themselves to them.
“If we have any trouble it won’t be until late, after mid night, maybe sooner,” the captain commented, “After they have had time to drink and mull on it there’ll be trouble somewhere. But we’re ready for anything. The port is secured, as are most of the sensitive facilities.”
“I hope you’re right,” Wilson said moving on. They finished the tour in a room off to the side. The placard beside the door read simply Queen Agatha. This was the room set aside for the Queen’s use. Mike could tell that it was already in use and looked like it had been for days. The general saw the Marshal’s quiet assessment of the executive suite he had been literally in for the last few weeks.  As Wilson sat down, he chose not to say anything. He suspected that the general had made a home in the suite. He made note to say something about it later. There was no reason for anyone to be bunking in the office. Wilson sat down in one of the chairs, and turned to general. “It looks like its hanging together.
“So far,” the general replied, glad the human didn’t say quiet. That could jinx them. “Let me show you what we have cooking.”
The general spoke, “Cassandra, please display, current deployments.”
“Yes sir,” a female voice returned.
The display on the far wall came to life with a two dimensional image of the general’s deployments. The general shared with Mike what he had done to secure the capital and the rest of the planet and other crown facilities throughout the system. Wilson chuckled a time or two at the ingenuity of the general. He had managed to secure every vital installation without making it look like martial law had been declared. He had some troops forward deployed around the capital city and around the planet. Initially they appeared to be accidents. Two fully loaded troop buses ramming into each other in the business district. There had been no injuries but they were still cleaning the mess up.  A tank was being moved on a transport and got dumped from its carrier and was stuck cross wise under the bridge to the spaceport.
The general had made it happen. Wilson was impressed. If things got dropped in the pot the general and the Mounties had it well in hand. Seeing that he was not needed he stood up, “Well Qoum, Leonard I think things are well in hand, so think I need to be out of here.”
He looked around the room and said, “Leonard, General, Let your team know that we are going to have normal business days as much as practical. Towards the end we’ll be pulling some horrendous duty shifts. Until then no 12 hour shifts, and everyone sleeps in their own bed.”
“Aye sir,” The general replied, Leonard nodded. Wilson made sure his uniform was in order and left the executive suite. The quiet sandy haired man was waiting for him outside the suite.
“Mac,” Wilson addressed his protective agent, “Take me to my family,”
“This way milord,” the man replied and led the way out of the building to the house that his family was staying in.
Wilson found his wife, Lisa and Mylea’s daughter Lamile sitting together on a sofa in what appeared to be some sort of family room. Lisa was surfing through the channels on the entertainment center. Lamile was patiently waiting for her adopted aunt to settle on what she was going to watch. Wilson smiled as he took off his uniform blouse draping it over a chair before he sat down next to his wife. He kissed the top of Lisa’s head as he sat down.
“Michael,” Lisa gripped her husband’s hand as he sat down beside her. Lisa sensing something was bothering her husband she asked, “You okay?”
He didn’t know how to answer her question.  He was feeling guilty that he hadn’t stuck around the EOC; but the truth of the matter was there was nothing he could to do there. The EOC’s staff would handle most of it, following their emergency operation plan. If something happened and a command decision was needed, he would be brought in to make a decision. He had been taught to train his subordinates to make the decision at the lowest possible level and to bounce it up if they couldn’t deal with it at their level. He would only be brought in if his subordinates couldn’t make the decision at their level; mostly because they didn’t have the authority to make the decision. So feeling like a fifth wheel he had left the EOC. 
Now as he sat next to his wife half watching the holo, he was deep in thought. He realized how big a job it was going to be. He was wondering if he was up to the task. He wondered if he was up to the job. It was going to be a daunting task.
“Just thinking,” He finally responded to his wife’s question, “This is a big job. We have 75 million souls and their goods to get off world before Trena is destroyed. I wonder if I am up to it. But then I guess no one might be! But what is bothering I am wondering if I’ve done the right thing by you and Abby.  I may have put both of you in frightful danger. That little dog and pony show we did this evening will tell Ebio where we are.”
“Yeah,” Lisa snuggled closer to him, “The Company knows where I am now. I suspect they’ve known for years.  The company has always known what goes on, on this world. Most of the time they know better than to try and collect the runaway bios here on Trena. When they are foolish enough to try anything here your buddies in the Mounties take care of business.” 
He grunted. Every time an Ebio Containment and Alignment Team came through they managed to kill several biopeople as they tried to recover them. If the Mounties found the team the Mounty SWAT team was called in and attempted to arrest them. Often the company team would rather die than be arrested. The Mounties gave them a chance to surrender peacefully, when they didn’t the Mounty team, some made up of escaped biopeople often didn’t take prisoners.
“Our Queen,” Lisa remarked remembering what Georgia Lancaster and Maggie had said a few hours before, “is concerned about our safety. She gave us her grandmother’s home, so that we would be safe. The detail said that because of your job they felt we were not safe in our home. It wasn’t the protective service that wanted us here, it was the Queen.”
Wilson nodded. He knew the Queen had made that decision without consulting him. He hadn’t been aware she knew of their Ebio problems.
Maggie came in quietly, and began to remove the drink service she had brought in earlier, she listened to her mistress. She spoke to her two charges, “Mistress, Sire. The Queen also gave you her own protective detail. Those ten men and women won’t let you come to harm.”
“Really?” Wilson asked astounded that the Queen’s detail would let her get away with that.
“Yes sire,” the housekeeper replied.
“Oh,” Lisa commented. She was impressed. The Queen had given up her protective detail and made sure her marshal’s family had someplace as safe as her own residence to live in. She wasn’t comfortable having a protective detail, but now she knew that the Queen was serious about keeping her family safe.  She looked to Maggie and asked, “what about our things? We have nothing to sleep in besides what we have on.”
“Lady Wilson,” Maggie spoke quietly, “The guest quarters have robes and such so I brought some from there. I also got some toiletries. In the morning we’ll make arrangements to get you back to your home so you can get your things.”
“Can we go back there tonight?” Lisa asked, “To get a change of clothes for us?” 
“Lady Wilson,” the redhead spoke up, “I could take you back tonight and bring you back here. But it’s going to take hours. They’ve got the city locked down and are restricting traffic. If you can wait till morning….”
“Mac,” Wilson noticed his protective agent standing just inside the door to the family room, “I have a got a bag in my class room at the academy do you think you can get it picked up sometime tonight?”
“I think we can get that done,” the agent responded. Seeing that she was not going to go get their things Lisa relented. The next morning Maggie quietly brought three bags into the master suite. 
As the agents left the family room Lamile suppressing a mighty yawn, turned to the two adults, “I think I’ll head on to bed.”
“Good night Lam,” Lisa Wilson spoke to the girl, “Do you know where you’ll be sleeping?”
“I thought I would sleep where Abby’s sleeping,” the teenager responded.
“Here let me show you to your bed,” Maggie suggested. The girl nodded and left with the older woman. Maggie escorted Lamile to Abby’s room. Once in the room Maggie showed her where lavatory was and turned down one of the beds before leaving left the girl.  Maggie poked her head back into the family room to check on her charges. She checked the drink service, finding it almost empty she went to the kitchen and refreshed the drink pitcher brought it back to her charges. 
“If you don’t need me any more tonight Ma’am, Sire,” Maggie asked after she refilled their glasses. “I think I’ll turn in. If you need something, Ginny will be here.” 
“Good night Maggie,” Lisa said, “we’ll talk in the morning.”
“Yes Ma’am,” The maid replied, “Good night. I’ll turn your bed down before I turn in.” 
“Where are we sleeping?” Lisa asked.
“Let me show you,” Maggie offered. Lisa got up motioning her husband to stay put. She followed the housekeeper to the back of the house where Maggie opened the door to a very large bedroom that was more of a suite than a bedroom. There was a large bed that sat along the long wall of the bedroom. On either side of it was a bookcase like affair that was joined by the head board with shelves. On the wall opposite the bed was a bank of drawers. She walked to the sliding glass door to walk out on a private patio like affair with a table and padded chairs. It was completely secluded. She came in from the patio and saw a large vanity with a comfortable chair in a corner. She had never used something like that. She didn’t use much make up. She didn’t need much, as her manufacturers had given her a perfect complexion. She turned to walk through the door next to the vanity. It led to the largest bath room she had ever used. There was not only a luxurious tub that one could either lay full length in it or stand fully immersed, or sit on one of two padded benches with the water up to her neck. It was more of a pool than a tub. Next to the pool was a lavatory with two sinks set into its very large marble counter top. On the other side of the lavatory was a large walk in shower with a comfortable chair. The room’s other door opened into large walk in closet.  The only things hanging in the closet were two terry cloth robes. As she watched Maggie took them off the hangers and walked back into the bedroom, Lisa followed her and watched as the woman laid both robes out on the bed which was now turned down.
“Thank you,” Lisa spoke to the woman.
“You’re welcome,” Maggie replied. She gave she gave the room a once over and left saying good night to her mistress. Lisa followed the house keeper out of her bedroom. At the entrance to the family they went their separate ways. 
Lisa entered the family room and sat down next to her husband. He put his arm around her as he put her head on his shoulder. Soon she had drifted off to sleep. She didn’t know how long she slept in Michael’s arms. If he hadn’t stirred she wouldn’t have woken.
“What time is it?” Lisa asked instead of interrogating her implant.
“Almost two,” her husband of five years replied.
“How’s it going,” she asked sitting up.
“Not too bad,” he sat up and stretched. “We’ve had one incident at a down town ticketing offices. The office was closed and the computer had issued all the tickets it could.  We have only one liner in port; several undocked after the announcement and left for their next port of call. The commercial landing pads and shuttle ports were closed as is the space port. No civilian off world traffic.  That also includes cargo lifts.”
“Is this what you expected,” Lisa sleepily asked.
“Trena is a different animal from other places,” Michael commented, “we’re fiercely independent, yet we’re mostly law abiding. For the most part our people obey the law. We tolerate the government; but just barely in some instances. As long as we provide for their security and try to make level playing fields for business and commerce, we’re pretty much accepted as a necessary evil. I expected a lot more commotion than what we’re seeing.”
“But these are only the knee jerk reactions,” Lisa offered, “No one’s thought it through. They’re just trying to get off world.”
“Yeah,” Michael replied, “tomorrow might tell a different story.” 
He spoke into air saying, “Computer holo set off. Lights to your unoccupied setting.”
The lights dimmed to a low soft level where they could see to walk out of the family room. The holo display had simply vanished. They left the family room to the bedroom where the girls were sleeping. As they approached the bedroom Sally McBride, who sitting in a straight back chair reading, stood up.
Lisa motioned the young woman to sit back down. “She’s not woken. Neither has Miss Atomi.”
“Miss McBride,” Marshal Wilson said softly, “The others have retired to the bull pen. You don’t have to stand a post here.”
“I’ll stay here for a while,” the young woman said, “just in case the little one wakes. She might be frightened in a strange place.”
“Thank you,” Lisa had been tempted to take the child with her to the family room as she watched the news with Michael, but she wasn’t ready to tell their daughter about what was going on. She had no idea how to tell her that Trena was going to be destroyed. As she looked in on the sleeping child and pulling a blanket up around her better, she considered carrying the sleeping child to their bed with them. To hold her and to make sure she was safe. But seeing how the child was sound asleep, she left Abby where she was, with death girp a teddy bear. She wondered where Star Pony was. As she left the bedroom and saw the protective agent sitting just outside the bedroom door, “Miss McBride if Abby wakes come and get me.”
“Yes ma’am,” Sally replied.
“When does your relief come on,” Mike asked.
“I have no relief,” McBride replied, “I am on the clock so to speak when she goes out or three of you are at public event. With your permission I can act as her teacher.”
“We’ll talk in the morning,” Lisa remarked.
“Yes ma’am,” the young woman replied.  Sally sat outside the bedroom until the day watch came on. She was expecting to be counseled by Mac, but Mac told her to go home and get some sleep.
With the door to the suite firmly closed, Lisa turned to her husband and asked, “How do I deal with them?”
When Lisa had been on the run she had often worked as a caregiver or servant to various families and VIPs. Sometimes just long enough to get from one place to another she would be a tutor to a family’s children. One time she spent a year as a royal heir’s tutor. Never had she been taken care of by servants. When she had Abby, Michael and one of her girlfriends had taken care of her. Now it looked like she would have a staff. She was already feeling self-conscience as she and her fellow biopeople had been created to be servants to normal people like her husband and the Queen.
“You know how,” Mike said laying his uniform blouse over the back of one of the chairs, “Treat them the same way you wanted to be when you did their job.”
Lisa nodded and turned her back to Michael to have him unzip her. He did. She took her shoes off and then stepped out of the dress she hung it up in the closet. When she came out of the closet her husband was in his underclothes. As always his firm fit body excited her. Tonight was no exception. She sat down on the bed next to him, and slipped her bra off, and then took his shirt off. She pulled him to her to hold him. As she kissed the back of his neck she remembered that they had been talking about giving Abby a sister or brother. In preparation for getting pregnant she had been manipulating her menstrual cycle. When the company had perfected her design they had given her the ability to control her fertility. By imperial law all biopeople were to be sterile. When she had been created the company had broken the law. It wasn’t the first time that Ebio had broken the law. Her unique design was the main reason why the company wanted her back, and for the simple reason she knew the real secret of cloning, or how biopeople were created. Now as she remembered her history she realized that this was the night that she was going to let her husband get her pregnant.
As she was holding him tight she was having trouble justifying getting pregnant at this time. With the evacuation of Trena she should not be getting pregnant. It wasn’t fair to the children, her husband or to herself to get pregnant at this time. They would be under tremendous pressure and things would be unpredictable. Yet her body was ready to be made pregnant, and she wanted to enjoy her husband’s body. From the way he was reacting he wanted to enjoy her body also. It would be wrong for her to suddenly say no to their desire. Her lust took over, as she laid him down on the bed and climbed up on top of him. All thoughts of just going to bed were forgotten as the couple conceived their second and third children.
Book 2: Reactions
Chapter 1: On Earth at the Court of Columbus.
A few days later the news of the Trena Disaster had finally reached EmpQuar. The Palace of the Earth Empire, in what had been the City of Columbus, Ohio centuries ago on the north American content near the inland sea of Lake Erie. The Emperor was enjoying a quiet super with his only daughter watching the lights come on in the various buildings around the grounds, and the city the palace was surrounded by when the holoset in the corner of the Princess’ Dining room caught the heir’s attention.
“Shit,” The princess said getting a dirty look from her father. The princess had spent much of her youth, and adulthood as a Marine Corps officer. She had on her own merit risen to be the Commandant of the Marine Corps.  Most of the heirs of the throne of Columbus never rose beyond a captain.  The emperor or empress usually wanted them out of harm’s way.  For some reason Max had let her do what she wanted. Maybe he was indulging a father’s weakness for his daughter.  “That’s Mike!”
“It sure is Carroll,” Her father said, “What’s going on.”
“I don’t know,” She told the computer to go back to the first part of the story. The expert system went out to the broadcaster, interrogated its AI and got the entire story for the princess. Both monarchs watched the presentation dumb founded. Not wanting to believe it, yet knowing it was real.
“Is Queen Aggie up to that?” The emperor asked, “That’s nearly an inhuman task they’ve got.”
“If she isn’t; she picked a good one to help her.” Carroll returned, “Sir Mike should have been a flag officer a long time ago. He was just too good to leave in the enlisted ranks.”
“Personal prejudices aside?” Her father teased gently reminding her of the infatuation she had with Wilson when she was a pup in the Marine Corps.
“If Sarge can’t do it there is no one that can!” the Marine Commandant replied ignoring her father.  She had, had a devastating infatuation on her platoon sergeant when she was just out of marine basic. It went nowhere, not just because of the officer enlisted prohibition; but because of the very beautiful woman standing at his side. Lisa, a lady he had lost, and later found.  When Carroll had found out that Wilson was still deeply in love with Lisa, even after the death of his wife, she had been terribly hurt.  She wondered why he couldn’t love a normal woman like her.  It had been Admiral Wilson who had explained it.  Lisa was the only person at one time who’s mind Wilson couldn’t read.  Wilson had been a telepath for most of his life until a head injury had eradicated his esper abilities.  Once she understood, she was no longer hurt; and it had allowed her to review the entire situation allowing her to realize that a Princess didn’t marry a NCO in her father’s marine corps, let alone an officer marrying an NCO.  She smiled as she thought about it. Some nights when she was very lonely she wondered what it would have been like to be his lover.  
“So he wound up on Trena,” Her father commented, shaking his head. Of all the injustices he had to perpetuate in his Empire, cloning, and the owning of bioengineered humans was the one that troubled him the most, not just the inhuman side of owning people, but the destruction it was causing his empire. 
“You’ve known for a while?” Her father accessed softly. 
“Yes,” Carroll had known for several years where he was. She had helped him bust Lisa out of the imperial brig in Columbus and saw to it that his trail was muddied by letting him steal an imperial landing craft and letting everyone think she was the only one board. It was the least she could do for her sergeant major. For the man who had taught her what it meant to be an officer and a lady. She had met Lisa, and had laid the law down to her that she had better take care of Mike or she would hear from her. Lisa understood and was slightly insulted that princess would say such a thing to her.  The princess had only made certain that they could escape, Mike’s friends made it happen. The men and women who made up the MP unit he was the Command NCO of ensured that the right people were on duty and the right heads and eyes were looking in the wrong places for them. They had all heard one way or another about their top sergeant’s love for this woman.
“Dad can we do anything for Queen Aggie?” The General suggested, “They could use a hospital flotilla from the Interstellar Rescue Service, and a couple heavy lift squadrons.”
“Computer,” The emperor spoke into the air, “I would like to speak with the Trena Ambassador, and have the secretary of state, and secretary of defense meet with me as soon as their schedules allow tomorrow.”
“Will do,” The computer said. 
“You are going to Trena.” Her father told her, “You’ll be going as my emissary, with instructions and paper to invoke the imperial seal, and fiat as needed to assist Queen Aggie. It is her show. It’s Wilson show, you just make certain that any imperial resource they may need they get.”
“Yes father,” The princess replied softly.
“Carroll,” Her father took her by the chin so he could look in to her eyes, “Understand me. Your primary job is to help the people of Trena. Your second job is to make sure Sir Mike and his family, get to safety.  That man and his family are worth more to this tired ole galaxy than me or you.”
“Aye-Aye,” the future ruler of the Terran Empire responded almost insulted that her father felt he had to tell her what she was about. She understood. Her father had admired Mike almost forever. He had four times decorated him. He had made him a Knight Commander of the Empire. Mike was the only living Knight Commander of the Empire.  Her father felt that Wilson was the key to maybe doing something about Ebio. Ebio was a company that was strangling the life of the empire. The emperor just had to find a way to use the man in a way that was both just and got the job done.
Chapter 2: Wilson Home, the estate of Retired Interstellar Rescue Service
Admiral Joyce Wilson
“Grandma,” The seventeen year old granddaughter of the retired admiral broke into her grandmother’s spabath.  The teenager knew that when her grandmother was in the spa at this time of night that it was her quiet time.  It was the time of day when her grandmother Joyce could let her hair down and not be bothered. It This was usually after dinner and she was usually generally alone, with only her thoughts for company, seldom with any guests. It this quiet meditation time was a habit she had picked uptradition she had begun when she had been appointed as the commander of PriFly, or primary flight training, the Interstellar Rescue Service base that trained pilots for its Rescue and Hospital Patrol Ships. Her grandmother had needed the quiet time to review the day and get her head straight. It was the only place in the house where there was no communicators, or holosets. Only a small audio player in the corner that played music was the only electronics in the room. It was a place of solitude that was suddenly broken by her granddaughter. “I’m sorry to disturb you; but Dad’s in the news!”
“What!” The seventy year old grandmother woman stood straightshot up from in the saunawhirl pool bath, dripping water on the floor of the spa. She quickly climbed out and threw the robe around her that Jill handed her. Then she accompanied Jill to her and went to Jill’s bedroom where teenager replayed the whole video.
They looked good; the retired admiral thought. She hadn’t seen her step-son since he had left Earth. But that didn’t mean she didn’t keep tabs on her stepsohimn.  The current ambassador to the Court of Trena was her old academy roommate. Amanda always forwarded what news she had of Mike and his family.  She knew she had another grandchild. She even had pictures, but she didn’t share them with Jill, because she knew Jill would be all over her to go to her father. She also didn’t want to give him away to the people who were chasing him. It was one of the very few secrets she kept from her granddaughter.
“How long has dad been on TrenaDo you think he’s been on Trena all this time?” Jill asked. Her father had just picked up one day and vanished gone away. She had been terribly hurt; it was only her grandmother and time that eased, but not totally resolved her hurt feelings.
JoyceShe was quiet for a while pretending to focus on the news report she was seeing.  She didn’t want to hurt the girl’s feelings. They had developed a good close bond and while Jill could be a handful, she trusted her grandmother. This could break that trust.  She pondered how she could tell Jill what she knew and how much she should tell her. 
“It’s the news media Admiral,” French, the house AI called from the speakers of the holoset interrupting her thoughts “They want are requesting that you make a statement about the situation on Trena.”
 “No comment,” Joyce said, “Any news media representatives are to be told that there will not be a statement of any type. Have Louis set the perimeter security to: hard on. Then put on the beacon that we are not accepting unwelcome visitors. The Wilson family is not home toaccepting calls from anyone that is not on your list. Unwelcome visitors will be dealt with as harshly as the law permits.”
“Yes Ma’am,” The computer said. “I am posting the notice now.”
The retired admiral who had commanded landing craft wings in battle was scared to death to come clean about how long she had known her step son was on Trena.
“French,” The admiral called thinking she had way to delay the inevitable. “Please record the following!”
“Recording,” The AI droned.
““Message to Marshal Wilson.” Her grandmother began, “Care of General Delivery; The Kingdom of Trena.”
““Congratulations, on your promotion to Marshal of Trena. I thought you were trying to maintain a low profile?  Did you forget?  
““YYou and Lisa look great! Some company you keep! Your boss looks beautiful. Leave it to you find a beautiful woman to be your bossBoss!”
““Hi dad!,” Jill chimed inIt’s Jill!. “I love miss you!  I love you and really want to see you! Can I come and be with you.” She wanted to say more but she wasn’t certain if her grandmother wouldn’t edited it out of the message. She would send one later that was more personal.
““So do I son. Hurry home when you can! A.” Joyce said, “And bring your family!”
Jill threw the camera a kiss, and Joyce said, “French; send it!”
“Done,” The voice said.
“Grandma, Llet's go to dad’s,” The teenager asked, then pleaded, “Please!”
“Jill,” the retired admiral looked at her granddaughter, “This isn’t the time to visit him. I am not even sure we could get clearance into Trena Space right now.  That has to be an exit only area. It’s not going to be a good time.”
“But where will he go!” Jill asked, “Maybe now I can be with him!”
It was tempting to buy passagetake the Traveling Lady, her yacht to  to Trena and see her son. Jill was right it had been too long since Jill had been with her father. Jill was also right in another way though, she needed to be with her father. With every passing day her grandmother understood why young people were blessed with the adventure of raising children.  Their younger minds, spirits, and bodies were better able to deal with the adventure of raising children. She had never raised children of her own. By the time she had finally married at age forty she still had years of space duty she had to endure, and then Michael’s father died the second year of their marriage never giving her the chance to raise her own children.  She had raised Jill, as though like she was her own childdaughter. She knew she was the closest thing to a mother that Jill would have, as Jill’s mother had died in childbirth. Although rare, it still happened. Mike had tried to have Jill with him on assignments when he could have his dependents with him; but his deployments first as a Black Guardsman and later as a Military Police Officer had made it nearly impossible. He always seemed to draw combat assignments, and very few safe assignments. Though his final assignment as Chief Master Gunnery Sergeant of the Capital Barracks MP unit was safer than some of his other postings, being an MP wasn’t all that safe, and Michael had asked Joyce to become Jill’s primary care giver as Joyce’sher space duty was over and she wasbeing permanent party at PriFly and ; she could provide a stable home for the child while her father still had years of hardship duty where he couldn’t have family with him.  Then, when he had been named the youngest Chief Master Gunnery Sergeant of the Marine Corps, he had left the Empire with the lady he loved. To be free where ever they could be.  Not wishing to saddle his child in what could be a still more unsettled life as a near fugitive from Ebio, the company who had created Lisa, he had sadly left Jill with his step-mother.
“No Jill,” Grandma Wilson said sadly, “as much as I would like to; now’s not the time.”
The next morning Jill was gone. She had left a note that simply said, “Gone to dad’s I’ll write!”
She never did write her father a more private note thinking the sooner she got there the better. Then she could have it out with him.
By the time Admiral Wilson found the note, the girl had been gone nearly eighteen hours, and had already cleared Earth space.
Chapter 3: Corporate Offices, Earth Biologicals (Ebio)
“Did you see this,” The security chief came into the CEO’s office. He put a piece of hard copy on the woman’s desk showing the breaking news from Trena. 
“What of it,” The woman said seeing the company’s main nemesis in the last decade or so. Over the last few months as she found out more and more what the man before her, was capable of doing so it was not an absurd question when she asked, “Did you do it?”
“What?” the man said, “Nooo! We have too much money sitting in banks on Trena to want me to destroy it. No this.  We finally found where he’s been. I have a containment team mounting up now. They’ll have him and the halfwit within a month.”
“No!” she said.
“What do you mean no!” The man said, “This man and his so called wife can bring down the company!”
“Yes,” She returned, “But he hasn’t.”
”But that clone is evidence that we have violated imperial law!” The man said, “It must be destroyed.”
“No,” The woman said, “Look the site where she was supposedly created,” She stressed the word created, “has been destroyed.  I’ve been over this with you before. There is no way to prove that she is anything other than an experimental project. We have records indicating that she was the first successful bioengineered human that wasn’t sterile.  The place where she was created had a tragic accident that destroyed the lab and the notes. The Empire has nothing. If you close her file it could back lash!”
“He has our property.” the man said, “We still own that clone.”
“No,” the woman said, “He emancipated her shortly after she disappeared the first time. Besides he and his daughter are one of our major shareholders. He set up a trust and guardianship that includes Admiral Wilson and General Alphine who votes his and his daughter’s stock. What do you think would happen if we killed them?”
“It is only a matter of time before he’ll put two and two together.” The man said, “Hell there is a breeding world not too far from Trena. Hell I am surprised that the one or two escapees haven’t given birth on Trena.”
“Look Jeffery!” The CEO was losing her patience, “Trena is hands off. There’s going to be a lot of press on that world. We can’t afford to take action there. It will be worse than letting that man live.”
The new CEO’s appointment been orchestrated by General Alphine, representing Jill Wilson.  When the previous CEO had retired the general had investigated all the members of the broad and found the one person who had little if anything to do with the closers, or other skullduggery the board had been doing for centuries. Voting Jill’s proxy as Ebio’s major shareholder she made sure she got the CEO that was good for the empire and for the company.   The future empress of the Terran Empire had let the new CEO know what she expected. She wasn’t the princess’ girl but she knew why she had been hired by the board to stop the things that this man had been doing for years. The board had been reading the tea leaves, and they had rightly guessed that the citizens of the Terran Empire, and the imperial government were getting tired of some the outrageous things the company had been doing. Some of their bioengineering products had stopped selling. The company was in its elder years and its product was losing its market. She had been brought in to make the company’s retirement not so devastating to its shareholders.  If she let this man do the disastrous thing he was bound and determined to do, it could disband the company in a way that no one would benefit from.
“Jeffery,” The CEO said, “If anything happens to that family or the clones on that world and I find you had anything to do with it I will take the appropriate action.”
“Yes Ma’am,” The man said knowing that this woman was going to destroy the company. It was a good thing he had already dispatched the containment team. They would clean up that little mess nicely and if done right would send a message to the other escaped clones that the company was not to be messed with. It would also tell the shareholders that they would toe the company line. When the man left the CEO called the Princess.
“Carroll,” the CEO said when Princess Carroll answered, “Hozenbur’s on the way to Trena.  I can’t stop it. Can you get word to him?”
“I’ll try.” The General said, “But no one’s been able to stop that witch. Not even my SpecWars.”
“I know.” The woman said.
“Hey I may be harder to get a hold of in the next few months.  Dad’s sending me to Trena as his rep. I’ll take a couple of teams with me. Do you want her body back?”
“No,” the woman said, “just make sure she gets her just reward.”
“Aye,” the princess replied and signed off. 
Chapter 4: On Trena in a Small Town
The mob had been growing all day. They packed the streets of the small town of McConnellsville. People were moving down the only street of the town as the town’s people tried to get to the bank, and the grocery store. They had wanted to get their money from the bank, and they wanted food, and fuel cells, and the things they needed to move to the capital so they could be evacuated. 
The panic had started simply. A local farmer had stopped by the bank to talk about financing his crop. He had not heard the Queen’s speech having been in the fields at the time finishing up his spring plowing. He hadn’t even turned the communicator on in the tractor enjoying the peace, if not quiet, he could only find working his land. He had gotten home after midnight and had gone to bed without turning on the communicator. Living alone there was no one to tell him about what the Queen had said. In the morning having no pressing work to be done on his farm, he decided to go to the bank. He found the bank closed; but didn’t think anything of it, he thought it might be a holiday, living alone as he did with no family, he often lost track of the calendar. He shrugged and went to the local coffee house and ordered breakfast.
“Hey is today a holiday?” He asked his waitress.
“No why?” she answered. She didn’t think the question was strange coming from him. She knew he lived alone often lost track of things like the calendar.
“Oh, I found the bank closed.” he said.
“Oh it must be because of the evacuation.” The woman said.
“What evacuation.” He asked. Several people in the restaurant started to talk at once. Finally the waitress was able to get the others to be quiet so she could tell him the story. She had just finished when someone came in off the street and asked, “Anyone else having trouble transferring funds? I just tried to pay my mortgage and the bank wouldn’t take it. Now I find the bank’s closed!”
One of the restaurant’s patron’s, who been quietly sipping coffee took his phone out of his pocket and called the bankers home. It rang and rang with no answer. The expert system didn’t pick up either. The man put the phone down and said, “You know that bastard Fred has taken all our money and gone off world!”
That was all it took. Word spread quickly that the money that they thought safe in the town bank was gone. That started a bank run. But with the electronic system shut down and no one was in the bank, it wasn’t much of a run. Someone broke a window and soon the mob was in the bank. But the vault was locked up tight, and no one could get the computers to spit out any money. The crowd was just leaving the bank when some said, “The groceries charging fifteen crowns for a loaf of bread.”

That started looting in the grocery.  By the time the town’s part time constable arrived on scene with the bank’s owner both with their fishing poles, the situation was beyond redemption. The constable called for backup from the next town over. By the time the backup arrived a full fledge riot was underway in the town that was suppressed by a militia action team. 

Chapter 5: At the Spaceport
Start1
Start1The Mounties had kept the main highways to the port closed over night. Not even freight traffic was being allowed out of the freight terminal.  A long line of freight haulers stretched out from either side of the main gates. The anticipated rush to get off world had not materialized. Everyone was speculating why. Some thought it was the suspension of banking operations.  No transaction greater than 100 crowns had been allowed at the banks. That there was only one passenger liner docked at Main Station which could have had something to do with it. Or maybe it was the request for people to stay at home by the Crown. The port police and the militia were not concerned about the why, as long as it continued.
John Adams, the port captain, and Steve Porsche, the port police commander were both standing  stood near the main gates observing the opening of the port. They had decided that out going traffic had to would resume. This was all freight that had delivery destinations all over the North Continent. Some of the out bound freight included things like engine parts, electronic spares, luxury goods, in one case a shipment of fertilized horse ovum. This was a typical day’s import from the people who did business with Trena.   The port officials crossed their fingers as the first freightliners began to leave the port.  Both men had not really understood the tonnage that left port. Some two hundred freight haulers had been lined up nose to tail. Approximately 20,000 tons began moving through the main freight gate.
It surprised them both that it took less than an hour to move all the rigs through the gate.  Then the hard part began. They had to start letting traffic into the port. They had established a strict protocol. Only bills of lading made up before the previous night were allowed into the port. Only drivers who were known to the port freight offices were allowed beyond the gates, and only one person per vehicle. As the freight was containerized there was no need for helpers or assistants. They had also cleared out a couple long term parking lots to drop containers. They had moved a couple of the big container movers to the lot. The militia had parked two Armored Personnel Carriers, and a tank a little ways past the long term lots. That got the message across, no one was going anywhere on the port unless the militia wanted them to. Surprisingly, no one attempted to run the blockade. On the other side of the spaceport at the passenger terminal another story was taking place.
Reluctantly they had to open the terminal. During the night the Vagabond Traveler had docked at Main Station. They had to allow the ship to unload her passengers, and had to allow families to pick up their love ones. They also had to allow booked passengers into the terminal for uplift to the passenger ship. All shifts of the port police were being held on. The militia was in full riot gear inside the terminal literally shoulder to shoulder. The drill at the main gate went like this. 
A car would approach the turn off for the port. It would be directed into a queue, as the car moved up the queue the cops would ask the occupants what their business was on the port. If they were an employee, which many were, they were asked to show their ID. Then the ID was scanned. When the computer agreed that they were indeed a port employee, and was due to work they were passed through. If a spouse was driving his or her mate to work, which was frequent, the employee was directed to a waiting shuttle bus and the spouse sent on their way. If the car contained a passenger for the ship they had to show proof of booking. No space available tickets were honored or booking made after 2000 hours the night before. If they were picking up passengers they were directed to a rental vehicle lot and told their loved one or business partner would be dropped there. Those that didn’t fit any of those categories and had legitimate business at the port had their business was confirmed they were then escorted to the person they were to see. People seeking tickets were told to see a booking agent in town. Those that didn’t fit any of that were turned away. Most went away a little irked; but most didn’t make any noise. Those that insisted on entering the port and had no business were quickly and in some cases noisily thrown in a bus that had been filled at least three times and taken to the city lock up. The flash point they had expected at the port didn’t occur. Why no one was sure, only that it hadn’t occurred.
Chapter 6: The Church of the One God of Trenaport.
At one time the central church of Trenaport had been the biggest church on Trena. When Trena had been young, it had become the Theocracy’s Embassy to Trena, and diocesan offices of the Trena branch of the Church of the One God. Over the years the church been expanded into a cathedral. The Church of the One God was a strict congregation. The Church of the One God was a polyglot of the old Earth religions of the Christian, Jewish and Islam faiths.  Unfortunately they took most of the most extreme positions of all three faiths.   They had been welcomed on Trena to about fifty years ago. Fifty years ago, an incident involving the Abbot of Trena along with several of his followers caused the Theocracy to declare Jihad on Trena. The abbot had abused a clone and had killed her hideously. If Had not one of parishioners had not shared what he had seen in his church’es basement with a Mounty from the Trena Mounted Patrol, no one would have known about the incident. The abbot had been arrested by the Mounties and charged with murder. He was being held in the central jail when the Theocracy attempted to rescue the Abbot and his followers from jail and tried to take over Trena.  The invasion fleet had been bloodied by a combined fleet from the kingdom,  and the Thonian Realm, and the Earth Empire. The Militia had raided the Abby and the church and found that the gentle god fearing faithful of the Church of the One God had killed or torture some three hundred clones, Thonians, and others considered unclean by the scriptures. Read that to mean that were not Earth Humans, and born of natural means.  The King had ordered the church sacked, and pillaged. King Ralph had always been known for his temper. During the attempted invasion when he found what the churchmen had done he personally went and burned the church down, then had issued a royal decree that all church property belonging to the Church of the One God was to be searched and if they found any one on the property harming another human being, or had, every one present, any and all parishioners even children were to be shipped off to Dungeon, the prison world.  He didn’t care if they were innocent or not. Subsequently the church that rose from the ashes was much more modest. It was still the home of the Theocracy’s ambassador on Trena. It was the only facility of Church of the One God on Trena. For the most part, the people of Trena followed a more casual religious tradition and didn’t want any part of a religion that harmed people the way the Church of the One God had. The king didn’t even have to issue a decree to outlaw the church. His people did it. 
After a special Mass celebrating the demise of Trena, celebrating god’s wraith and the vindication of the martyrs of fifty years previously, the bishop turned to his assistant and said, “gGet this dispatch off to the Holy World.”
“Yes Your Holiness,” The priest responded. “The lord has given us a great opportunity to redeem the souls on this world.”
“He certainly has!” The bishop said, “Why it took so long for our martyrs to be avenged I have no idea; but they certainly have. Our patience and piety is to be rewarded at last!”
“How can we help our lord avenge our people?” The bishop mused out loud. “We don’t want the spawn of the devil to propagate any further than here.  We can now take the action that God demands of us on those that created the filth these blasphemers call bioengineered humans and we call the harlots of Satan.”
“We could sabotage their evacuation effort,” The priest suggested, “We could also start a campaign against that heathen Wilson.”
“He is unclean sleeping with that whore of Satan.” The bishop replied. “Are there enough brothers on world to help us do that?”
“Yes your holiness,” Many of the survivors of King Ralph’s rage had gone underground. Waiting for the day when they would avenge their parents and grand parents’ death fifty years before.  They had been told that their day would come and when it did they would be lifted out of obscurity to destroy the world that had killed the faithful.
“Father,” The bishop turned to the priest, “Make it happen. These people are not to leave this hell hole of a planet. When a bridge collapses, when people are killed by the Faithfull’s hand let these unholy vermin know it is God’s wrath and they are being punished for their unrighteous faithless life style.  I want Wilson dead. If he’s gone, then their evacuation will be so uncoordinated very few if any will get off.”
The priest nodded and left.
Chapter 7: Going Home
Valarie Mitchum was on her way home. A home she hadn’t been welcomed in for several years.  She had no choice but to return to her parents’ home. It had been months since she had any contact with her father and mothers. But that wasn’t unusual. She hadn’t heard from her parents in months. Now a week after the Queen’s announcement she had left the boat and was on her way home.
A week before, Valerie Mitchum had been awakened by the Boson’s pipe announcing there was a ship wide announcement. She was in crew berthing trying catch some sleep before she took up her watch as junior helmsman of the watch. The captain announced that the Queen had an announcement to make to the kingdom. The image of the captain was replaced by that of the Queen. The seventeen year old girl watched the announcement with the rest of the crew of the Adventure of Learning. The Adventure was an almost exact replica of a pre empire sailing ship. In this case it was the war ship HMS Victorious, a famous war ship of the old United Kingdom of Earth. It was not a faithful recreation. It couldn’t be as it had to be built to modern safety standards. As such it had modern toilets, and sanitary services and foodservice equipment, along with an AI and a modern navigation computer. Although the hull was an exact recreation it was made of a super tough resin instead of wood, the only thing that was remotely built like the old war ship were the masts, rigging, and the sails. The big old ship’s crew was made up of adults and teenagers. The Adult who were the ships officers; also served as school teachers and counselors. The teenagers who made up the crew were all disciplinary problems at home or had run afoul of the law. 
Mitch had come to ship after she had problems at home. Ever since her birth mother had been killed at work and her parents had remarried, home was anything but peaceful. Her new mother, Lynn had never liked her, even when her father and momma Loretta were dating her. Lynn had hid her feelings about Mitch to everyone. Once she was living with them she and Mitch seemed to do nothing but fight and argue. Finally a councilor they were seeing thought Mitch might benefit from some time away from the family. The councilor arranged for her to become part of the Adventure’s crew. An old sailing ship from centuries before man had gone into space let alone the stars. The old ship had served for nearly a century as an alternative to foster homes or juvenile detention centers for troubled teens. At first she didn’t like the Adventure as she was always in trouble. As time wore on and she found out that she wouldn’t be going home even for a short visit until she stopped being a disciplinary problem. She started to enjoy being part of the crew. After that she became, if not a model crewmen close to it.
That was four years ago. Every time the ship made port she went home to see it things would work out with her parents. It never did. Lynn (it always had been Lynn,) was who she had problems with. So she kept going back to the Adventure. The last time the ship had made port she didn’t try to go home. No one answered her parent’s coms. So she wasn’t allowed to go home as the ship wasn’t able to confirm that there was anyone at home for her. She stayed aboard ship with a couple of dozen other kids. As one of the older kids she became one of the junior officers of the deck.
They had been several hours out of Trenaport when the ship’s master Com System came alive with the holo of the Queen’s announcement. It was seen or heard in all spaces of the ship. Including crew berthing. The ship’s berthing areas, resembled the old ship it had been modeled after, was quiet for a few minutes after the Queen announced the evacuation of their world. For a few minutes after the announcement there was stunned silence in the berthing space. When it was broken; it was broken by a quiet sob as one of the girls began quietly crying. That started others crying and jabbering.  The sound of the boson’s pipe cut through the noise, and the captain’s image materialized in the berthing space, his voice cutting through the din quieting the berthing space.
“There’s not much I can say about her majesty’s announcement,” The captain began, “needless to say this is the Adventure’s the last voyage. Tomorrow we will dock in Trenaport. As we sail to Trenaport we will be contacting your families letting them know what’s going on and when we’ll be getting in to port so they can pick you up. Over the next couple of days as you are reunited with your families, we’ll be decommissioning the Adventure. We won’t just throw you off the Adventure. We will make sure that you have a safe place to go. We will help you as much as we can. Try to settle down now.  We’ll make Trenaport by 1400.”
At midnight Mitch took her post as the junior helmsman of the watch. As she helped to steer the big ship with the adult or senior helmsman she couldn’t help but look to the skies. McKay, Trena’s moon was full in the sky. It was so bright they could read the charts without turning on the lights on the chart table. The moon was so bright it dominated the sky. So much so she couldn’t see the stars in the night sky let alone the asteroids the Queen had warned them about.  
“Can’t see them either,” the senior helmsman commented after looking to the skies also.
She stood her watch until 0400. Even after the moon had set they still couldn’t see the asteroids. There were many crewmen on deck who were trying to see the asteroids. Her relief was a few minutes late and was so distracted by trying to see the asteroids he barely relieved her properly. 
As the ship sailed to Trenaport, the staff and AI called every family letting them know when the ship was going to make port. Unfortunately Mitch’s family couldn’t be found. She watched from the deck of the Adventure as parents and families picked up her crewmates. She had called home a couple of times herself, but no one answered. A few days later when her parents still had not picked her up the captain requested her presence in his in port cabin. 
“Leading Seamen apprentice Mitchum,” the captain addressed her after she had reported in. “We still haven’t been able to get a hold of your parents. Have you had any luck?”
“No captain,” Mitch had answered, “They haven’t returned any of my messages. I don’t know where they could be.”
“Since we couldn’t locate your parents,” the captain continued, “We’ve made arrangements for family services in Trenaport to take charge of you. They will be around shortly to collect you.” 
“I see,” Mitch replied. Not certain she wanted to go there.
“We also called your grandparents on McKay,” The captain continued. “But your grandfather is very ill and your grandmother didn’t think she could care for you. So we have no other choice but to turn you over to Trenaport family services. Are you packed?”
“I am ready to go,” Mitch responded.
“Mitch,” the captain spoke softly, “You have made tremendous progress on the Adventure. You are no longer the angry little girl you were when you first came aboard the Adventure. You have made so much progress, that we were considering promoting you to petty officer and giving you a section.” 
Mitch had no idea the officers thought that highly of her. She had seen her evaluations of course. She had thought they were okay. They did show steady progress from one year to another. Although she had wanted to be promoted she hadn’t pushed for it.
“Between your grades, and the evaluations of your officers,” the captain continued, “you have more than qualified to be a petty officer leader.” He gave her a single pip for her collar. “I wanted you to have this before you left the Adventure.”
“Thank you, sir,” Mitch answered.
There was knock on the captain’s door. 
“Enter!” the captain called.
“Captain,” the captain’s yeoman entered the cabin. “TFS is here for Miss Mitchum. She’s been signed off so all she has to do is get her things.”
“Mitch, take care of yourself,” The captain reached forward to shake her hand.
“I will sir!” Mitch returned, shaking the captain’s hand. She left the captain’s in port cabin and went down to her berth and got her things. It didn’t take long for her to pick up her things. She didn’t have much. Just some uniforms and toiletries, she didn’t have that many street clothes. They all fit into a simple duffle bag. The only thing that wouldn’t fit was the guitar that the ship’s music teacher had given her a year or so back. She hoisted her “sea bag” onto her shoulder and picked up her guitar and left the berthing spaces.
When she got up on deck, she found an older man waiting patiently with the officer of the deck. As she walked up to the where they were standing by the gang way the Officer spoke to her, “Petty Officer Mitchum, this Mr. Dellacort he’ll get you to a Trenaport Family Service shelter.”
“Mr. Dellacort,” Mitch greeted the stranger putting her sea bag down as she saluted the officer. 
“Is this all your stuff?” The older man with the graying hair asked.
“Yes sir,” Mitch responded.
“Then let’s get on our way,” Dellacort suggested.
“Mr. Asher,” Mitch addressed the officer of the deck, “Permission to leave the ship?” 
“Permission granted,” the officer replied. “Take care of yourself Mitch!”
“Thank you sir,” Mitch replied, “I will.”
She saluted the officer, and turned to the mast where the national ensign was lazily flapping in the wind, and saluted the colors. She went to pick up her bag; but Mr. Dellacort had already picked it up. She picked up her guitar and followed him down the gangway.
The family services worker took her to a building in down town Trenaport. It was a two story rambling building. In the lobby of the building a young woman sitting behind a desk greeted them, “Hello Jamal! Is this Miss Mitchum?”
“Yes,” her escort answered the young woman.
“Let’s get her signed in,” the woman told them.
With that the young woman began to sign her into the facility. As the woman finished she gave Mitch a pamphlet, “These are the rules we ask you to follow.”
She glanced at the pamphlet. The first thing she noticed was that she could get a day pass as long as she didn’t cause any problems. That surprised her. She thought she would be locked up in the place, she said as much to the young woman.
“Mitch if you were a year younger,” the woman answered, “you wouldn’t be allowed out without an escort. Since you are seventeen and not a runaway, or have problems with the authorities you will be allowed a pass a couple days a month.”
“How soon can I get a pass,” Mitch asked.
“Maybe in a week,” the woman replied. “Let me show you around.”
The young woman showed Mitch around the building. 
A week later Mitch was given a pass with instructions that she had to be pack by 2000, and she had to leave her pad on so she could be gotten a hold of. She still couldn’t get a hold of her parents so she decided to go home. 
Hopefully she would find her parents at home and they would allow her to come back home. Although she wasn’t comfortable with going home she wasn’t certain she would be able to get off Trena any other way.
When the bus cane she stepped onto it and took a seat. The mass transit system of Trenaport was free to all users, as the transit system was paid by a sales tax paid by anyone who purchased anything within the Trenaport Metro District. As she took her seat and the bus pulled away she heard a couple people talking.
“I was doing some research on evacuations this morning before work,” a woman was saying to her companion, “There has never been a planetary evacuation of a major planet.  No one has ever done it!”
“No one?” her companion asked.
“No one,” the woman replied, “the Empire, and the Realm have evacuated some colonies, and outposts but nothing more than a couple thousand people.”
“I read where this Wilson has evacuated a small town several years ago.”  Another said, “He was very successful relocating that town.”
“The crown’s got an extensive history on him,” someone else remarked. “He sounds like someone who can get it done. Oh here’s my stop!” 
Mitch watched as an older man stood up to get off the bus.
As the bus started up again one of the passengers remarked, “There is a lot of biographical information about the Marshal on Crown Net. He is one of the few living Imperial Medal of Honor winners.”
“Oh he’s that Wilson,” someone else remarked, “several years back on Josephine, during his last deployment with the guard. He had been dropped with his squad onto Josephine to affect the rescue of a group of passengers held hostage by a group of Theocracy terrorists. They rescued the passengers and exfiltrated to an LZ where a landing craft from the Hospital Patrol Ship Recovery had landed a medical action team to assist in the evacuation of Sergeant Wilson’s team and the people he rescued. As Sergeant Wilson’s got them to the LZ, Wilson’s group and the LZ came under fire. Sergeant Wilson and his team provided covering fire so we could get aboard the Elsy. As his team insured that we got aboard the landing craft, his team was decimated. Sergeant Wilson went back five times to rescue his team members. On his final trip he was nearly killed. For his actions in the rescue of 75 passengers and defending the Medical Action Team, and getting his wounded team mates to safety he was awarded the Imperial Medal of Honor.”
“How do you know this?” someone asked.
“I was there,” the man answered, “If this is the same Sergeant Wilson, the Queen got the best one she could get.”
Mitch silently took that in. She had never heard of the Black Guard, though she had heard of the Interstellar Rescue Service that the hospital patrol ship was part of.  Their exploits were legendary.  They were the empire’s space going coast guard, patrolling the empire’s space lanes, rescuing spacefarers who came to grief. Their hospital patrol ships were the basis of their rescue work, which included assisting planetary populations during medical emergencies. She was going to have to check out this black guard. She wondered what they did for the empire. She brought her pad out and was so engrossed in the exploits of the Imperial Marine Corps Black Guard that if her pad hadn’t chimed she would have missed her stop. She put her pad away and got off the bus. She checked her pad to see when the next bus she needed would arrive.  It would be half an hour. She saw a table with an umbrella over it and wandered over to it. Seeing it was a street side café she thought of sitting down at one of the tables. Although she some cash that she had earned on the Adventure, she decided to sit on the wall that surrounded its tables instead of sitting at one of the tables and getting something to drink.
She was reading some more about the Black Guard when she was distracted by two people talking.
“II’s really slow,” a woman was saying.
“Yeah,” an older man was saying, “I sent Wilma and Allison home. Tomorrow I am splitting your shifts up. I want you to work 10 to 14 tomorrow. Wilma will work 6 to 10, and Allison will work from 14 till we close. If it’s this slow tomorrow I’ll close early.”
“I thought you might close early today,” A woman was saying. 
“I should; but I am hoping the going home crowd will stop in,” The man replied, “I need you to stick around till after we see if we are going to have a late afternoon crowd.” 
Mitch brought up the time display and saw that it was almost 1430. She saw an older man talking to a woman in the café. The cafe was deserted. There wasn’t a soul walking the street in front of the café.  What few people that were walking on the street were not even glancing towards the café. She felt sorry for the café. It was clean and well kept. If she had had more than a couple of crowns in her pocket she would have gotten something to snack on while she waited for the bus. She tried to turn back to her reading; but distracted by what she had just witnessed, she couldn’t get back to it. Instead she watched the street observing what was happening.
There were very few cars driving down the street. No one seemed to be stopping to patronize the stores or businesses along the street. There were a few people in small groups talking among themselves. So she looked back to the street and saw her next bus arriving. She got off the wall and walked to where the bus was slowing to a stop to discharge some of its passengers and to pick up more. She boarded the bus and went to the back of the bus and continued to observe the bus and the streets they were traveling on. There didn’t seem to be much traffic. They passed another bus and it was as empty as the one she was on. She turned her attention back to the people on the on the bus as they discussed the evacuation.
“I don’t understand why we’re not being evacuated right away,” someone was saying. “I looked on crown net and there are no plans to evacuate us!”
“It’s probably secret,” a younger man said, “probably the royals, and military officers get off first. The rest of us are on our own.”
“If that was true,” someone else injected, “Then they wouldn’t have made the announcement!”
“I just don’t understand why it’s going to take so long,” a woman with two kids asked.
“We don’t have the space lift or star lift to get us out of here,” a man behind her spoke up, “quickly.”
“That and the fact we have seventy five million or so people to evacuate.” Another person remarked, “Where can we go. No one’s going to have readymade housing to hold all of us.”
That got Mitch’s attention, where would they go? Who would take them? Or would they become like the mystical ghost fleet. The legend went that a Ghost Fleet containing a large population from a doomed world was sailing the known galaxy to find a place to land its crews and passengers to find refuge on. The fleet had been sighted many times; but no one had ever been able to get aboard it. Every time the fleet had been sighted an expedition had attempted to investigate it, it had disappeared. It would go years sometimes decades before it would be sighted again. It seemed to be on a line from Earth to Thonia. It had not been observed in over a decade.  She was wondering if they would become a Ghost Fleet. The thought chilled her as she rode to her next stop.
As she got off the bus to transfer to her next bus she noticed all the people standing around the stop. She checked the time and realized that it was late enough in the day that people were getting off work. She listened to the people as they waited for the bus.
“We had a lot of people call off again today,” an older man was saying.
“So did we,!” another person was saying.
“I was listening to one of newsnets at work today and they were saying that they almost canceled school today because of teacher call offs and student no shows.” A woman was saying.”
“My wives didn’t send our kids to school the last couple of days,” a man was saying. “I thought they should go.  Thinking that the more normal things are, the better things will be for all of us. But my wives were adamant about them not going to school. I didn’t see any point in arguing with them so I just went to work.”
“Yeah I heard you,” A woman chimed in, “Me and Yoa argued most of last week. He thinks we can leave this week. We’ve been planning our honeymoon on Venice for almost a year. He seems to think we should just go now. He seems to think that since thickets were bought and paid for months ago we should be able to change the travel date. I didn’t think we can get passage off world right now.  I checked with the booking agent he seems to think since the tickets are bought and paid for before the announcement there should be no problem changing our departure date.”
“So are you going to try?” The woman sitting next to the first woman asked.
“Yes,” the first woman respondedcommented, “We’re booked on next Friday’s flight from Trena to The In Between, where we’ll get the ship to Venice. Hopefully the flight won’t be canceled.,” 
“What will do when you get to Venice,” Someone asked.
“We haven’t thought that far ahead,” The young woman answered.  “We’ll find something.”
“Does anybody know why the crown is restricting off world travel?” Someone asked
“They haven’t explained why yet,” a man a couple seats away commented, “I imagine they want to make sure that there wasn’t a riot at the space port. The Marshal did say he wants to get every last mother’s child off Trena. This may be a way to account for everyone.”
“With 75 million or so of us to get off world,” a thonian towards the middle of the bus remarked, “So they are restricting off world travel until they find a way to account for everyone leaving the planet. Once that’s done they’ll most likely loosen up off world travel.”
“I wonder how long it’s going to take,” Someone else asked.
Mitch saw her stop coming up and signaled to get off the bus. When she got off the bus she saw a grocery store and decided to get a snack. She walked into the grocery thinking to pick up a drink and a piece of fruit. When she saw the prices of what she wanted, she changed her mind. She didn’t have much money. The fruit and soft drink she had wanted cost more than she wanted to spend. She thought about getting a candy bar, but even that was too expensive. A candy bar and a soda had been half a crown the day before was now were five crowns apiece! She walked out of the store concerned that if prices went up as they had in this store the home might not be able to feed them.
The bus came almost as she left the grocer. She had just gotten to the stop when it showed up.  She climbed aboard and took a seat in the back. She tuned out the chatter on the bus as she pondered what she was doing.  Her parents had sent her to the aAdventure four years ago. She had not been able to talk with them in months. She hoped that the reason she couldn’t derget a hold of them was something simple. She hoped they would take her back in because of the situation. She was still pondering her situation when it was time to get off the bus.
As she walked into the apartment complex that her parents lived in she noticed that the name had been changed. It also appeared to be not as well kept up as it had been when she had lived there with her parents. She walked up to theher old building and saw Mrs. Tory, a neighbor woman standing by a moving van. She wondered what was going on. She walked over to where Mrs. Tory was standing.
“Hi Mrs. Tory,” Mitch approached the woman, “are you being evacuated?”
“Oh hi Mitch,” the woman turned at hearing her name, She turned to see the young girl she hadn’t seen in years and asked “What are you doing here?  Are your parents back?”
“Back?” Mitch asked. “I didn’t know they were gone!”
The middle aged woman looked at the young girl. She remembered when the Mitchum’s had left a few months year ago. It had been sudden. “You didn’t go with them. They said you had gone ahead of them to your uncle Carl on The In Between.”
“No,” Mitch replied, “I didn’t know they had left.”
“After you father and Loretta divorced Lynn. They left for The In Between.” Mrs. Tory said, “You’ve been on Trena all this time?”
“Yes,” Mitch answered, “I’ve been on the Adventure of Learning for four years. Are you being evacuated?”
“No,” Mrs. Tory answered, “We finally found a place to move to. The new owners doesn’t take care of things like they should. Last month the plumbing in your parents place sprung a leak. The ceiling collapsed in our bathroom. We haven’t been able to use it for over a month. We gave them our notice early this month. We found a place overlooking the harbor.”
“So dad and momma Loretta divorced Momma Lynn.”
“There was a hell of an argument. Lynn moved out. A couple of weeks later they divorced,” Mrs. Tory answered. “They left a short time after that.”
“So everyone’s gone,” Mitch asked.
“Yes,” Mrs. Tory confirmed.
“Then I guess I better head back to the home,” Mitch turned to go back.
“The home,” Mrs. Tory asked wondering what the girl was talking about.
Mitch went on to explain how she ended up in the home.
“Let me talk my husband,” Mrs. Tory commented after hearing the girl’s story, “Maybe you can stay with us. Then when we are evacuated you can come with us.”
“I would love that,” Mitch replied.  Mrs. Tory went to find her husband. 
“I am sorry Mitch,” Mrs. Tory came back a few minutes later, “Luke said no.  He says we’re having enough problems feeding ourselves.  My mother is living with us. Now with the evacuation he’s not certain how we’ll make ends meet. Do you have a place to stay?”
“Yes,” Mitch replied truthfully, Mrs. Tory had forgotten that she had told the older woman where she was staying, “I am staying with Trenaport Family Services.”
“Here’s our new address,” Mrs. Tory gave her a piece of paper it had her new address on it.
A little while later she left.  She rode the nearly deserted bus back to town wondering what would become of her.
Chapter 8: In the Still of the Night
They had driven far out into the county. They had traveled to a part of Trena’s North Continent that had never been developed. 

“You said a thousand crowns?” the man asked of the pilot as he walked up the landing craft’s lowered cargo ramp.  The landing It craft was a surplus militia landing craft. It suited the needs the smuggler. He often took jobs that his clients didn’t want the crown or others to know about. The stealth system had been removed from the bird when the militia had sold it. Civilian landing craft were not allowed to have military weapon systems on board. He had thought about leaving it off but after a bit of work he had found a stealth system on the black market. If he was stopped and they found he had replaced the stealth system he would be sent to the Galactic Council’s prison world. Although Dungeon was the worse place one could be sentenced to, he needed the stealth so he could remain invisible to the Crown’s air and space surveillance system. It was worth the risk for the lucrative black and gray markets that provided his income. It wasn’t star flight capable but it had the legs to get to outer system He had gotten a message the day before that his services were needed to pick up a package that couldn’t go through the space stations or the ports. where an Agloris flagged freighter was waiting for him to pick up some passengers that couldn’t go through immigration. He didn’t want to dead head out to the Free Hold registered freighter that had his packages.He thought there was no reason to dead head out.  So he had let it be known that he might be able to get some people off world if they had the right money. He didn’t care who they were as long as they had cash.
He was waiting for his last passengers to arrive before he left for the outer system.
They had driven far out into the countryside to a part of Trena’s North Continent that had never been developed to meet with a pilot who a friend of his said could get them off world without the authorities being the wiser for a price.
After ensuring that the other was who they said they were, the male of the couple asked, “You said a thousand crowns?”

“That’s right,” the pilot said, “A thousand crowns per head.”
“Okay,” Lord Hawthorne said, he  noddeding to the young woman who accompanied himhis secretary, and said continued, “Just two of us. Here is the money.  You did say cash right?”
“Portraits of Dead Monarch’s are the only way to do business.” The pilot replied accepting the cash.  With that the lord and his companion walked up to ramp of the landing craft. When he lifted off, his LC 8, a mid size landing craft, it was at its max capacity. He had nearly 200 souls aboard. 
It took almost thirteen hours to reach the Kindred Spirit, a medium size passenger liner. It wouldn’t go into the inner system or dock at one of the space stations. It wasn’t a very reputable liner. It was not exactly welcomed at the Trena space stations. They owed several thousand mounits, in docking fees and such. If they docked at even the smaller station about McKay their vessel would impounded and the crew arrested. The Trenan authorities took a dim view of not paying docking fees. When he got to the Kindred Spirit the captain was a little upset.
“I don’t believe anyone said you could bring any one up to us!” the captain bellowed. “You were told to rendezvous with us to pick up a package and take it to Trena without anyone being the wiser!”
“Captain,” the pilot retorted, “I only make money when I have cargo to fly. I wasn’t about to dead out here! All of them paid a thousand crowns apiece for me to bring them to you. I am offering you one hundred thousand crowns to take these people to some place other than Trena! What’s your next port of call?”
“Lashkey,” The captain answered.
The young pilot shuddered. Lashkey, was a very primitive world, having just been terraformed was now ready for colonization.  It was harsh, and barely livable. It killed several thousand people each year and there was no restriction on who they would allow to be colonist. The world was livable, but a colonist had to work at surviving. 
The captain smiled as he said, “they’ll be unhappy but I’ll get a bounty for every soul I bring them. Bring them on.”Between the people he took to the freighter and the people he was bringing back he made nearly a million crowns. 
“Okay sir,” The pilot nodded and gave the captain his cut of the money he had gotten from his passengers.  His conscience didn’t even hiccup as he realized that the money collected from his passengers was ten times what a charter service charged for the simple transit he had just made.  A few days later after he had returned to Trena, the Crown pulled his license, and confiscated his landing craft. Later hhis body was founde. was found dead. The passengers that the pilot had taken to the Trena made sure that not only that the pilot would not share the details of his last trip; but no one from the Kindred Spirit ever made it to Lashkey, the ship blew up as it activated its faster than light drive. 
The wealthy, the well do to and others who could arrange, it started to leave Trena clandestinely.  Many simply left quietly, making no dramatic statements. Some literally folded their tent in the middle of the night, and got into personally owned small spacecraft that would get them off world into orbit. Some went to McKay Trena’s only moon. While others went to the many off world settlements scattered around the Trena Star System. Others  Like Lord Hawthornee  some had met an enterprising pilot in a deserted parking lot or a small clearing in Trena’s largely undeveloped forests and plains and smuggled off world,. They would be smuggled off worldplanet  as informally as smuggling operations had been since the beginning of time.  The crown and the militia were in a tough situation. Trena Trena’s Space Control system was very good. The wealth of the Kingdom had allowed them Trena to buy and build the best traffic control elements from Thonia and Earth. It was so good that the ministry of transportation often bragged that birdsthe waterfowl  migrating between summer and winter habitats checked in with Trena Space Control along their routes. The crown could shut the outgoing traffic down quickly and efficiently if had to. A Militia Space Air Superiority fighter could bounce a landing craft or shuttle with little sweat. The civilian shuttles and landing craft were unarmed and would offer no resistance.  The Militia, and the Crown were hesitant to take action, not certain who was on the ships, o. r how the people on the shuttles and landing craft would respond to being challenged. The crown y didn’t need the controversy of killing a landing craft full of children. Many of the people being flown or flying the landing craft took their families with them.  Some just took what they could out of their family accounts, or business’ treasuries, collected their spouses and family and left the world of their birth or as in the case of Lord Hawthorne had collected his lover and left; leaving  their family behind to deal with things as best they could as had Lord Hawthorne. 
###

“Lady Hawthorne,” Smythe, the house AI, materialized in front of her interrupting her musings about the evacuation and how it would affect her and her family as well as their estate’s retainers. The AI presented himself as a small balding, almost nondescript man who was smartly dressed, “Lord Kevin’s city office is on the com. They wonder if he is coming in today?”
“He stayed in the city with Gladys last night.” Deloreswas Hawthorne sitting was sipping her late morning coffee. “Have they talked with Gladys?”
“No. She’s can’t be gotten a hold of either!” Kevin’s office manager’s face was projected alongside Smythe’s image. “We’re concerned because I went to pay for a delivery out the petty cash fund and there nothing in it! We wanted to see if they knew anything about it. Now we can’t seem to get a hold of him or her.”
She tried to remember when the last time she talked to her husband and their girlfriend. It was sometime late yesterday morning. “Let me try his private number.”
She called Kevin’s privatein comnumber and got the expert system that handled wrong numbers and such. “The subscriber you are trying to contact is no longer in our service area.”
She let the expert system repeat the message and hung up. She turned to back to the others and asked, “Was Kevin supposed to go off world today?”
“No,” the office manager, “no he was going to take his seat in the lords today; but he never showed up there either!”
She knew he wasn’t in the Lords. If he had been had been anywhere in the Trena Star System she would have at least got his voice mail. She wondered where he was.
Lady Hawthorne thought about checking with her husband’s horse racing buddies, there had been some meets scheduled before the announcement, but none of them had been scheduled during the week of the announcement. There had been talk of canceling the meets that were scheduled later that summer but no decision had been made. She disconnected with Kevin’s office. Smythe faded out leaving the not quite thirty year old noble woman alone with her thoughts.
 the day room with her children, mussing over the disappearance of her husband. There wasn’t much she could do. The baby cried, breaking into her thoughts. As she picked him up out of the crib she kept in her day room and changed his diaper she wondered what had become of his father. She placed Billy back into crib and went to the kitchen to see about her other four children’s lunch. As she entered the kitchens, to see to her children’s lunch, (SShe had no nannies or nurses. She thought that it was much better for her five children if she was their primary care giver,) just she heard the cook savagely disconnect with someone he was talking to on the com.
“That lousy no good impotent daughter of a dyslectic toaster!” the cooked yelled.
“Cook what’s got you so upset?” Lady Hawthorne asked, chuckling, she had never met anyone who could curse without saying a foul word like cook could.
“Oh,” the cook, an older pot belly, man with a beard that was nearly grey with a peppering of black through it, turned sheepishly to his lady and replied, “Oh the expert system at Ya’s wouldn’t take my order. Seems that the account was closed last night by his lordship, and they wouldn’t let me place my order because of it.”
“Will they take cash?” Lady Hawthorne asked.
“They said they would,” Cook replied.
“Okay,” the noble woman left the kitchen and went to the office that she and Kevin used to manage their large estate from. She opened the safe where they kept several thousand crowns of paper currency. The safe was empty. Well not quite. Her husband left her a note.
“Delores,” the note began, “Sorry to leave you. But I could only get me and Gladys off Trena. The pilot wouldn’t take any children. Hope you make it out.”
She sat there and reread the note several times, hoping that she had read it wrong. When she realized she had not read it wrong and her husband of ten years had left her and the kids as well as his business she broke down and cried. She didn’t know long she cried before Cook came to see where she was. She showed him the note. When he saw the note he let loose with a string of profanity that Delores Hawthorn had never heard. It was in both Terrish, and Thonian. 
“Okay,” Lady Hawthorne spoke softly when her cook had cooled out, “How much of your order is absolutely needed and how much of it was just comfort food?”
“Some comfort food but not much,” cook replied, “Most of it is things we don’t produce, flour, shortening, beverages.”
“Okay, make some calls; see if we can barter a bit.” She said.
“Shouldn’t be a problem,” The older man replied, “A couple of the guys have been putting out feelers for various things. Is there anything you don’t want to barter away?”
“No,” Delores said then with some venom in her voice, “See if someone will take Kevin’s race horses If not we’ll slaughter them and feed them to the dogs!”
“Yes Ma’am,” the retainer replied leaving Lady Hawthorne alone in the estates office with her thoughts.
She went back to her day room and mused over what her husband and their lover had done to her and the family. found out that her husband of ten years had abandoned the family. She was furious with him. She was disappointed in her good friend. She had talked with Kevin about asking Gladys to join them in their marriage. She was contemplating all of this when her cooksteward came in.
  “Myi Lady,” the chief stewardcook  entered the lady’s day room. The room was more a family room, than a day room. Often the family would lounge in this room in only their pajamas and nightclothes. “Lord Kevin’s horses are gone. Well almost. Lord Hanover will give us 500 crowns for each of them. I kept the other horses; but got rid of the fifteen race horses.The grocer is on the line. He says he has problem with the account.”
“Good!”What sort of problem?” Lady Hawthorne replied. Delores nodded. There had been a bitter rivalry between the two lords’ stables. asked wincing in pain as her youngest suckle a little harder as she breast fed him.“You did good! I would have thought we couldn’t get much more than 200 crowns a head. I know, but Hanover has lusted over Kevin’s race horses for years!”
“He’ll be over in a while.” Cook said, “I’ll get Melisa to get the horses ready to go.”
Melisa was Kevin’s trainer. “No, I’ll tell her. That’s the least I can do.”
She put the baby to bed for his nap and went down to the stables. As she walked to the stables she realized the enormity of the issues before her. They didn’t have that many retainers. There were maybe a total of thirty retainers, the bulk of them working the livestock areas and the fields. It didn’t take many people to work her large estate as a lot of the farming operation was automated. She had five or so people working in her home, maybe ten or so working in the horse barns, and the rest splitting their time between the fields and barns.  Some of them were members of the same family others had their wives, children, and spouses with them on the estate. All of them would need to be evacuated. She wondered how she was going to help them get to safety. She wouldn’t abandon them like her husband had. She couldn’t do that even if it was legal! Her morals wouldn’t let her even consider telling her retainers that they were on their own. When she got to the stables she found Melisa checking the horses.
“Melisa a moment of your time,” Lady Hawthorne approached the trainer.
“One second Milady,” the husky middle aged woman replied. She turned to a young man in his late teens that the noble woman recognized as one of Melisa’s sons, “Jaal when you put Storm Shadow in the paddock make sure you have up dated his papers. I don’t want Hanover to have any complaints about these animals when his trainer picks these animals up.”
“You know about the deal we struck,” Delores asked.
“Cook asked me to make it happen,” the trainer replied, “I was just about to come to you and suggest the very same thing. I am sorry Lady Hawthorne,” the trainer looked to her noble woman, “I just wish Lord Hawthorne was here. He should have his butt kicked up around his ears. I knew something was up when I couldn’t get the supplements for the mares we have in fold. I should have come to you when I found the estate’s stable funds were gone.”
“We’re finding out my dear husband has cleared out a lot of our accounts,” Lady Hawthorne dryly commented. “What are you going to do with the rest of the livestock?”
“Haven’t thought that far ahead yet,” Melissa answered. “Why?”
“As we get closer to leaving we won’t have enough people to care for them,” Lady Hawthorne replied, “I am wondering what we should do for them.”
“I won’t kill them,” Melissa remarked passionately.
“I agree with that,” Lady Hawthorne nodded her agreement. “Besides the crown may need to harvest all the livestock to feed us until we evacuate.”
“Most likely,” Melissa replied. 
“I’ll get with Jaal and see what we can work
 out,” Lady Hawthorne said.
“Oh you have to sign the bill of sale for them,” the trainer suddenly reported.
“Are they ready now?” The noble woman asked.
“Give me an hour,” the trainer replied, “I’ll bring them up to the main house.”
“Good enough,” The lady replied and left the stables.
As she walked up to the main house her com rang. As she answered it the face of Carl Smothers, Lady Smothers’ husband, face floated over communicator. “What’s up Carl?”
“Have you heard from Levitra today?” The lady’s spouse asked.
“No,” Delores answered, “Should I?”
“I haven’t seen or heard from Levitra in a couple of days,” Lincoln asked, “I was hoping that you had seen her. So far no one has. I think she’s left me!”
The Smothers were not close friends, but were in the circle of people she and Kevin ran with. She had heard they were having some problems. The last she heard it had been getting better. She tried to remember how the Smothers supported themselves. Then she remembered Levitra was some sort of venture capitalist. He was a stay at home husband. They had no children that she could remember. 
“Are you okay,” Delores asked.
“Oh yeah.” The older man replied, “Just mad as hell at her!”
“Do you need anything?” the noble woman asked. If he needed anything she might not be able to help.
“No,” the nobleman responded, “If I didn’t have my own accounts I would have been cleaned out. I’ll be okay. Sorry to bother you with my problems.”
“If you need to talk, let me know,” Delores said.
“Will do.” The nobleman said good bye and disconnected.
Delores went up to the manor house and checked up on her kids. Her oldest was not out of school yet, nor his sister, her other two kids were playing in the day room. One of the maids was keeping an eye on them as she tidied the day room. The children looked up briefly as she entered the room. She looked around at the knick knacks and family mementos scattered on the shelves. She wondered how much of it she would be able to take with her. She plopped into her chair to ponder things.  As she sat there the two children climbed up into her lap.
As she held children in her lap she continued to reflect on what had happened. As she thought about her situation, she wondered what would become of her and her kids.
“Lord Hawthorne cleaned out the household and Estate accounts and there is no money in them.  The grocer won’t accept credit right now.  The store’s AI wont let me talk to a live person and is quite instant on cash only transactions.” 

“I see,” Lady Hawthorne replied.  She was greatly upset about her husband’s abandonment of her and her kids. She had known for a while that her husband and Gladys, his secretary, shared his bed in the city. Gladys, who was one good looking lady, had stood in for her when she was pregnant at some functions when she couldn’t. She and Gladys were good friends and had often shared Kevin’s bed with him.  Now she was sorry she had discussed with Kevin the idea of inviting Gladys to be their wife and had come to a decision to do so. Her kids already called her Momma Gladys.  
Trena domestic laws were designed to ensure the raising of children in safe environments.  It had long been found that families of multiple partners and spouses were often the best to raise children in, as there was usually an adult present when children needed one. It wasn’t uncommon for some families to have six or seven adults living together with teno raise ten or fifteen children as part of the family. The crown didn’t care how a family was formed, as long as the children were safe, and if the union fell apart for one reason or another (which they seldom did) the crown insured that the spouses all were fairly and equitably treated and the children were cared for.  Trena had one of the lowest divorce rates in the universe, mostly due to their less restrictive views on marriage.   She was furious with her friend and lover. It was one thing to take her man it was another to take him and not leave anything behind to support his children. She had expected to leave the planet of her birth with her spouses and theirher five kids later in the year. She didn’t expect to be abandoned by both her best friend, and the father of her children. 
Though her husband had cleaned out many of the estate accounts,  She looked to the Steward, a life long employee knowing he needed guidance and said, “How much of that food was comfort stuff, and not needed.”
 Lady Hawthorne wasn’t all that concerned about making ends meet. 
	“Some but not much,” The steward said, “Most of it was things we don’t produce, flour, shortening, beverages.”

	“Okay, make some calls; see if we can barter a bit.” She said, “See if some one will take Kevin’s Race horse in trade for a couple months of supplies. If not we’ll slaughter it feed the dogs!”

	“Yes Ma’am,” he said.

	Lady Hawthorne wasn’t worried about utilities theHer family’s estate like many homes on Trena was fairly self-sufficient they had little need to buy things from grocers. Mostly they purchased things that the estate didn’t produce itself. Mostly things like flour, machinery parts, medicine, and clothing. had their own utility plant that provided power to the entire three thousand acre estate. No the only thing she was worried about was feeding her family and the people who depended on her. It then occurred to her that she had been hearing rumors for days that some of the other great lords and ladies spouses had closed their tent in the middle of the night and left. It dawned on her there may be others in her same boat. With the baby now sound asleep in her arms she put him in the crib near the rocking chair and turned to the phone. She called the Palace and asked to speak with Marshal Wilson. She knew that she could support her family and the people who depended on her with what she had left. She was still concerned about her people. What the crown was planning and how it would affect her people. Surprisingly she wasn’t that upset about losing the estate. It was her husband’s, not hers. He had inherited from his father when he had died. Kevin was an only child and the soul inheritor of his father. Delores had married her husband shortly after they had both finished college. She had been an agribusiness major, he had been business major. So when they had married she had become part owner of the estate. Although she had warm memories of her time on the estate, she could walk away from it with little to no hard feelings when she did. If she had any concerns it was the thought of leaving all the livestock behind to be massacred by the falling asteroids.
She was having quiet lunch several days later, when the communicator chimed for attention. She answered the device and found Lady Redford calling.
“Deloris,” the old noble woman called seeing her, “Did you hear about. Logan Kerth?”
"No,” Lady Hawthorne replied, “Isn’t he in real estate?”
“He was,” Redford replied, “he hasn’t been heard from for several days. Katrina thinks he’s left the planet, leaving her behind!”
“Why is that?” Delores asked.
“He’s cleaned out their joint accounts. Katrina says she completely broke! I’ve loaned her some money; but we can’t do that forever. What happens if me and Fred are evacuated before she is?”
Though Deloris didn’t know the Kerth’s that well, (she thought their kids went to the same school as her oldest,) she didn’t hesitate as she said, “Tell her that if she wants, she can stay with me, we have plenty of room, and plenty of food.”
“I will,” Lady Redford concluded the call.
Lady Redford’s call wasn’t the first one she had taken telling her that so and so had left their wife or husband behind, their spouse sometimes leaving the family behind. She made a decision and called the palace.


	A Ten days after week after the announcement Wilson’s staff had not been set up yet. They were still working out some of the staff details. At the present time he had two over worked clerks from the palace offices who were valiantly attempting to keep the crack pots from disturbing the Marshal. Mostly they succeeded, the AI screened most of the calls routing them to the appropriate office; but when one of the gGreat Lladies of the Trena Nobility called, they AI put her straight through to the clerks who knew enough to pass her on to the Marshal when she explained her business.
	“Your Lordship,” The woman’s voice on the other end of the circuit was incredibly sexy, and when Wilson put her face up on the monitor he was like any other adult male and was for a momentarily distracted by her beautiful face. “I don’t know if you can help me or if I can help you. I thought I would pass this along though.”
	“And what is that,” Michael asked hoping that this beautiful woman wasn’t an air head that would take up his time needlessly. Some of the nNobles spouses  he had dealt with so far had not been very useful or helpful to him. Just immense time wasters. 
“You may be aware that some of our nobles have snuck off planet,” The woman said. Wilson nodded hoping she wasn’t asking him to do something about it. He was more than aware of the problem. Several members of the Queen’s Government had jumped ship in the last twofew days, “Well there are a lot of families like mine whose father or primary breadwinner has left. Leaving their children and spouses behind with no money, and who will need help to survive until we are evacuated. If you wish, and if it’s okay with the Queen I am willing to take in a few of the families.  This may help you and the Queen.”
	Wilson tapped a few keys and soon had the public file on the Hawthorne’s.  Although a well to do agribusiness concern, most of their wealth was in land, and cattle, some grain. No manufacturing.  He wondered what she was leading up to. More so when the intelligence system reported that several daysthe night before Lord Hawthorne had emptied the family’s accounts and not been present in the House of Lords for the last several sessionsthat morning.
“How can it help the Queen and the evacuation force,” Wilson asked.
“Well these families are going to have to be taken care of somehow,” She said, “I may not be able to buy flour, but I can house them, and feed them some of the best beef on Trena. Doing this will allow you and the Queen to concentrate on others who really need your help.”
It was then that Wilson saw other possibilities. It was true that the families abandoned by their spouses would need some sort of help. As Wilson reflected on this he realized that these same people could help him get his charter accomplished. The evacuation would need large sums of man power. Man power not just to load shuttles, fly shuttles and control traffic, but small things such as cataloging Trena precious art, and getting it packed and ready for shipment. Acting as instructors or aids helping families get ready for their own evacuation. He also needed civilian supervisors and line bosses to get things done. The abandon spouses of nobles could be of great assistance to him in these tasks. Many were experienced in supervising their family estates or businesses which could have a hundred or more people working for the family. It would help them feel useful and wanted after their spouses said by leaving them they weren’t wanted. 
	“Lady Hawthorne,’ Michael said, “That is a very good idea. I think it has merit. I also want to offer you a job.”
	“Oh,” The lady said, “I don’t know your lordship I’m still nursing my youngest one. And I got my hands full with the estate. So I am not that free to come and go like some others. My other children are watched over by their nanny, but not Billie.”
	“You  may be able to do much of this job from your parlor,” Michael said, “If what you are offering comes about you are going to have a houseful of people with nothing to do but wait for evacuation. It will make your job easier, and make things better for you and them if they can be of some service to the Crown in helping plan and implement the evacuation. They have contacts and skills the Crown needs to make this happen. As the nobles seek refuge with you would you act as my recruiter? Help me to recruit them to help us get our people off world.”
	The younger woman looked at Wilson dumbfounded for a moment, then it was a light went on as her expression brightened, realizing what he was about. The first of the many legends of the Trena Evacuation team was started right there. Lady Hawthorne would later be remembered as the first member of a group of women that became known as W2, short for Wilson’s Women. Something Lord Wilson would be teased about for years to come. How he had literally a thousand women at his beck and call. Lady Hawthorne would become one the Kingdom’s greatest assets during the evacuation. She would also go on to do the one job that no one had anticipated.
Chapter 9: At the Thonian Embassy
	The Thonian Ambassador to Trena had been the ambassador so long that he hadn’t been home in years for longer than a week or two in the last decade. He had only been home to Thonia those times when The Ruler had requested his presence for consultations.  He was a fixture in the Trenan Court’s Diplomatic CorpsRow, the single most senior diplomat on the planet.  It was mid morning, and the dispatch bag from Thonia arrived. There were only two documents personally addressed to the Ambassador, both from the Ruler.
	The first one said simply, “K’rena, I guess you won’t be retiring to Trena as we had discussed last year when you were home.  I was hoping that you would accept an assignment to the Court of Columbus. Your years of service and experience will serve the Rrealm well in our most important diplomatic post abroad. When the last Thonian citizen has left Trena your assignment to Trena will be complete. Transportation will be ready for your journey to the Court of Columbus.”
	The second one was just as simple, “You are authorized to provide any and all assistance to the people of Trena in their hour of need. You are empowered to use Thonian assets, personnel, or financial to assist our good friend the Queen of Trena in her hour of need. The 11th Space Force will be making a port call in the next few days; they are the Kingdom’s to use as needed. You are authorized to commandeer Thonian flag vessels and redirect their transits to worlds where the Trena refugees may be accepted. Let me know if anyone gives you any problems or you need additional resources. Trena has been a good friend and a valued trading partner; we need to assist her in her time of need.”
	Although it was expected, the ambassador had no idea The Ruler would give him that much power on Trena. Trena was the second most important diplomatic post in the Thonian Realm. Nearly 75 percent of the Realms import and exports to the rest of the galaxy flowed through Trena. Sometimes there were as many as sixty Thonian Flag carriers in orbit about the planet or docked at one of her space stations receiving or cross docking goods for the Realm. He received a report, as part of his daily brief, on the amount of goods waiting for transshipment home, and what they were. Part of the embassy’s job was to ensure that high priority goods were treated as such.  Even before the edict, he had power to pull freight from some ships, and transfer goods to others so they wouldn’t perish, or they got home in time for which ever buyer needed them to turn it around for export. He wasn’t certain how to handle it.
	Now twoa weeks after the announcement; he called his staff together again to continue planning how they would help the people of Trena. Part of what they did was simply listing their assets on Trena. He needed to known what was owned by the realm and what was owned by private shippers. They wouldn’t touch those assets owned by private citizens. The Ruler would have his head if he did that. Even if they were Thonian Flagged vessels. EverythingBut anything  that was owned by the Realm was fair game. They had worked late every night for the last two weeks pulling everything together. Now a two weeks after the announcement, The Ruler’s letter Wwas the last thing they needed to put the package they could offer the people of TrenaTrena together. When they were done, between the ships, the military, and the cargoes in orbital warehouses or being cross docked, they could offer the people of Trena nearly 100 million crowns worth of free assistance. Much of the cargo would have to be abandoned. There was not enough tonnage to move all of the goods out of TrenTrena a before her orbital warehouses and Trena herself the world came to an end.

	They also had the problem of repatriating their citizens. There were over three million Thonians on and about Trena. Some of his staff was very surprised at the high number of the Thonian nationals in the kingdom.  The Ambassador who had spent his entire adult life on Trena explained.
	“We have a lot of people who retired to Trena. They haven’t been home in years, either because the ship they were on ran between Earth and Trena. Or the Space Force they joined never home ported on one of the Thonian Home Worlds. When they went home on leave they didn’t fit in any longer and knew that home wasn’t the place for them.  So when they could draw their pension they left the service with the realm, or their shipping line they bought a home here and have lived comfortably ever since.  Some of our people had their vessel home ported in Trena so they brought their family here, or they lifemated on Trena and raised their families here. 
“Also the Trena people have always made immigrating to Trena fairly easy. Many of our people have started small and large business.  Some of the orbital warehouses are owned and operated by Thonians. Our people built them and have manned them. There are some ten ofr fifteen thousand expatriate thonians in the orbital industryies alone. Then add the Thonian Earth Trena Ship yard and you can account for another ten tor fifteen thousand souls. Trena has always been a tourist center for our people. It’s warm and not too terribly hot in the summer and the winters are not neatly asy harsh as ours. That appeals to our people. That is why a lot of our people vacation here. We are welcomed among the Trenanspeople here. A lot of the small businesses that our people own are tourist related. At any one time there may be five thousand vacationers, and another hundred or so honeymooners. Now throw in the traveling salesmen, business people TDA here by their firm and you easily have a million or so here.”
“Some of these people can not be repatriated.” A staff member said, “They gave up their Thonian citizenship when they immigrated.” 
“Yes and no,” the ambassador replied, “Trena has always had an open mind about such things.  To be an elected official, or a high governmental official you have always had to swear a loyalty oath to the people of Trena. But to vote in the elections, and to receive the benefits of citizenship you only have to swear to not work for a known enemy of the Trena Free State, and support her and her people. You have never been required to give up your native citizen ship. Even Theocracy Citizens are permitted to be a citizen on Trena. That has caused them some problems. But they as you know they handle such things ruthlessly.  If you assist a foreign government in hostile intelligence services, give them anything they can’t find with out reading the news, help some one plan an invasion they shoot you. They interrupt the news and entertainment channels the minute the last appeal has been denied and execute you right then and there. 
	“That’s one of the reasons our intelligence staff is so small and we have no illegals  here. Even the Corps De Chameleon has only one agent on world. Trena handles our worlds just as ruthlessly too. Simply because we’re allies doesn’t mean they won’t treat allies ruthlessly too. They simply show up at the embassy or consulate and escort the entire embassy to the spaceport and put them on the first vessel headed to their home world. Then they confiscate every last asset of that nations goods on or off world in Trena space. No one wants to lose over a trillion mounits a year, which is what it would cost us if we were thrown off Trena. It is what wWe are going to lose that much when we abandon Trena. It could cause us an economic problem back home when we lose Trena as a transshipment port. We may have to have ships go directly to the imperial world that produces the item.”
	 That sobered the entire staff. Unlike most embassies of any star nation, the embassies on Trena weren’t the hub of their nation’s intelligence gathering efforts on Trena.  Trena looked the other way when there was industrial espionage. These operations were carefully conducted also as there was a fine line at times between industrial/commercial espionage and intelligence gathering that might threaten a nation’s security.  When it came to anything that was remotely national; security the Ministry of Justice wais ruthless when they triedy the offender. Trena herself had only one truly security sensitive facility and that was the Mountain. They often invited foreign military officers into it alsoto see what it was all about. They were truly an open society that fiercely protected its freedom.
	“I’ll want to see the Queen or Marshal Wilson,” The ambassador replied, “Also get a press release out that any citizen wishing to be repatriated to Thonia should make contact with the embassy, or a consulate. Every one of our flag vessels that departs Trena space for home should have as many repatriates aboard as possible.”
	With that he went onto bed where his life mate of ten crimens was patiently waiting for him. She had felt his concern all day.  It had distracted her almost to the point of being unable to take care of the things she was doing.  He was immensely sad about leaving this post.  He They had enjoyed their his time on Trena. They both had been looking forward to retiring here. Now because of errant sky junk that dream was in ashes
Chapter 10: Office of the Minority Whip in the House of Lords
“Your Lordship,” his personal assistant entered the office leading a man in a monk’s robes. “Brother Davis wishes to discuss the details of the evacuation with you.”
“Oh,” Lord Ramsey replied looking up from the details of the Queen’s proclamations. He was very unhappy. Not only had she pulled an end run around the House of Lords by not getting its approval to appoint Wilson. She had told the government what she expected. As per custom, the monarchy could only advise the government, asking that they consider her request as that, a request. The decree she had sent to parliament was carefully written, citing royal law, and crown cannons informing the parliament that as per the constitution she was suspending certain rights and privileges of the parliament.  Everyone had expected this queen to be weak and a push over. Her father had died when she was fifteen. On his death she became queen. Her mother had died a few years later. Some said she just could not go on any further with out King Owen. Her regent had been selected by the parliament to ensure that parliament got what it wanted.  She had turned out to be a very strong willed young woman who usually got what she wanted. Not often by charm but not often by force of will either.  Her mentor and regent Lord Mercer had taught her well. He had fooled them all, he was no push over. The minority party had insisted on Lord Mercer being the regent, now the loyalist were the party in power in the parliament, while the Trena Free State Party was now the minority. Now as the monk from the Church of the One God sat down in the chair in front of his desk he was intrigued by what the monk would have to say. At the very least it would distract him from the mess that lay on his desk.
	“How can I help you?” Ramsey asked, skeptically. He knew who this man was, an Agent of the Cardinals of the Church of the One God. In other words he was a spy. Because of that he really didn’t want this man in his office. Even talking to the man could cause problems for him. If the monk was found out to be working against the people of Trena. , and Rammer was found to have helped him it would not be good for him or his family. It could be bad news for him until he could prove he was not helping the monk in his business. The word treason ran around in his mind and on Trena Treason was a serious business for nobles. When found guilty of treason, Tthe Crown executed the noble, and then required abdication of their lands back to the Crown. Their families were required to give up estates going back centuries to the Crown who by law either made them into parklands or sold them as compensation to the individuals the treason may have harmed directly. He would have to tread carefully lest he be accused of treason.
	“I’m not an expert on Trena’s Constitution, but from what I understand, your queen is not allowed to do what she did. The appointment of Marshal of the Royal Constabulary requires approval by the House of Lords.”
	“Yes,” The noble replied, “I am aware of that. Except for in cases of national emergency she is required to get our approval.”
	“Has she proven that Trena has a national emergency?” The monk asked, “She has said that this catastrophe is heading our way; but has the House of Lords investigated her claims and proven it? If you can prove she is over reacting, or has been ill advised, you can force her to abdicate, and get Wilson removed.”
“Some of us have checked her sources and she is right the asteroids will collide with the planet.” The noble responded. One of the first things he had done; thinking along these same lines was to check her assertions hoping that she was wrong. That proved to be dead end. Even scientists and experts who seldom agreed with each other agreed that the planet would be bombarded by the remains of the asteroid and comet. 
“But is she right saying Trena must be evacuated? Surely that is a draconian measure?” The monk asked, “Certainly we can harden our home world’s population centers and find some way to stay on our beloved Trena.”
That hooked him. That was the part that was bothering him. He had never been a good student of anything but politics having learned at his father’s knee how to be a politician. He had nearly failed science in school and trusted his advisors implicitly when they advised him on science and technological issues. 
“A couple of our scholars,” the monk continued, although they were few and far between, the Church of the One God did have engineers and scientists. Though severely restrained by the church in what they could research and teach, there were a few in the Theocracy. One of them had been assigned to Trena to review the heathen’s technology to see if there was any godly work that the faithful could use. That monk now sitting in the office of the one man who could make things happen for the church in the Pparliament was following the edicts of his church. “One of our engineers believes that a force field over major cities and major farm lands may allow Trena’s people to survive.”
What he didn’t say was that it wasn’t the falling asteroids that would cause the problems. it would  It would be thbe dust and debris blown up into the atmosphere from the countless  collisions of the asteroids colliding with Trena that would be the major reason for the death of Trena. It was the dust cloud kicked up by the collisions that would block sunlight for years, possibly for a centuries,y that would kill the very things the planet needed for survival, the green things that created oxygen for man and animal alike to breath.  For an hour the monk talked to him about the research he and his small staff of brothers had conducted. In the end Lord Ramsey was convinced that he now had a plan to prevent the evacuation of Trena.  The monk left sure in the knowledge that the first piece of sabotage had been committed.  Tying up the Trena Parliament in a series of hearings on the merit of the evacuation was the first step in making sure the people of Trena would get their just deserts.
Chapter 11:  At Boeing Space Craft Works of Trena
The CEO had heard the announcement the other night by the Queen in disbelief. But soon came to believe it was true.  Now sitting in his office he was pondering how his company could help. It went with out saying that the contracts he had sitting on his desk were most likely null and void. The contracts for ships to be delivered next year or later were a thing of the past. He was thinking of sending his people home; but the more and more he thought about it he knew that with the equipment and resources sitting in his shipyard , his shipyard could serve his people during the evacuation.  He stood up and went to the window that looked out to one of the production floors, he saw one of the largest ground to orbit vessels ever built was being finished. A huge LC-10, called a Galaxy Lifter was being built for the Earth’s Imperial Armed Forces. It was designed to lift 400 hundred tons of men and equipment into orbit, or deliver them to a rough field landing site.  He stood there looking at the immense landing craft and suddenly realized what his company could do for the people of Trena. 
Although this line could produce only five of these birds a month, he knew with the right nudging, and the reallocation of resources, suspending work on luxury space craft, and smaller ships he could produce five immense landing craft a week from this facility maybe more.  He turned to his desk and called, “Jonesy!”
“Yes Bob,” the air over his desk shimmered a bit and suddenly an image of a big breasted woman in a revealing teddy lounged across his desk. She looked bored and sounded sultry as she buffed her nails.
“How many LC10F’s do we have ready for delivery?” The CEO asked the image of his personal assistant AI.
“Fifteen,” The image changed from wearing a revealing teddy to a very conservative business suit sensing that her boss didn’t want to play. She also seemed to take the chair in front of his desk. Her voice became prim and proper as befitting a trusted personal assistant of a chief executive officer. “All of them have finished QA and have been flight tested. The expert systems on the birds are warm but not live. They could be delivered this minute.”
“If we converted the luxury line, and the fighter line to all LC10Fs how many could we crank out a week.” Bob asked.
“Maybe thirty,” The AI said, “That’s assuming we run three shifts a day and we have no union troubles.”
“What if we made them as civilian models?” He asked. 
“We could maybe get another three. There isn’t that much different in the two versions just the expert system.” The AI said.
“Okay Jonesy,” the CEO said, “are you certain we can get 33 LC10F’s off our line a week.  I find that hard to believe.”
“Well it won’t be this week.” Jonesy replied, “But give me a month to change the production flow, and resource allocations.”
“Well let’s see you put your money where your mouth is. Order that all ships on the ways finished. Any new ships started to be either LC10, or say LC 6 spacecraft. The crown will need a lot of heavy lift vehicles, but they’ll also need some lighter passenger only stuff to get us off world. Now get me the president of the TET yard.”
“Year sir,” the AI said.
Chapter 12: At the Space Port Container Yard
	The yard supervisor, a short hard looking woman, was walking down the rows and rows of twenty by ten by ten containers. Most of the large containers were full, waiting for transshipment either off world, or on world. The container yard was never shut down. Even when the port was shut down for that day after the announcement, containers had still piled up for transshipptransshipmenting off the port. They had finally caught up with the backlog but barely.  She hopped that nothing would stop them again. Although the expert system kept track of the cans every once in a while it lost one. She was hunting for a missing can, checking the numbers on a can when she heard a crash and bang. She quickly ran to where she could hear screaming.  
	When she turned the corner to the active area she found a container had fallen off its transporter. Normally this wouldn’t have matter. Cans designed to be man handled by heavy equipment and survive the rigors of space transportation were anything but soft skinned. The cans were tough, and shippers had long ago learned how to pack containers for shipping. The combination usually guarantiedguaranteed that the goods in the can got to where they were going with out damage. Even, when on occasion a robot or human freight handler didn’t get it secured properly to a lift and the can got dropped the cans held up.  The container in question had burst open scattering its contents. Its contents were four individuals trying to sneak off world as freight. When the container burst open, one of the container’s “passengers” had slipped under the other end of the container, right before the robot following its programing dropped it. The containers failsafe that prevented the robot from harming a human being, failed, didn’t work and  allowing the can to faell. It fell on top of one of the victims, with  so oonly the man’s victim’s legs stuicking  out from under the container.
“Shit,” The yard manager cursed, she snagged her communicator off her belt and hit the emergency button and gave a description of what was going on. The communicator knew where it was, telling the container yard’s AI where she was in the yard.  The AI who ran the yard’s administrative offices called Trenaport Fire and Rescue. With in minutes the fire department was on the scene.
“What happen,” Battalion Chief Janet Able asked as she watched as the rescue freed the body from under the container. Once free of the container the medic tended to the man under the container. It wasn’t the grizzliest scene Tthe 35 year old career fire had ever seen. But it was going to run a close second to several other horrible things the career fighter had gotten her start seen starting as an ensign on an Interstellar Rescue Service Base Fire Brigade at Jenifer’s space station. 
 She had resigned her commission after her first tour to raise a family, joining Trenaport Fire and Rescue shortly after becoming a Trena citizen when she emigrated to Trena with her husband. 
“I don’t know,” The yard manager replied she looked at the stocky red head, “I heard a commotion and found this.”
“Okay,” She said as the medic who had been working on the victim, called in to his communicator, “Medic seven I have a code one at my location. We’ll need the police.”
“Roger Medic seven, your code one time 1730,” Sparky the fire department AI dispatcher returned. All dispatching was done by an AI supervised by a human operator. Trenaport’s Police Fire EMS Dispatch system dispatched 100,000 calls a year with only two human operators per shift. They served as the tie breaker when the AI got stumped or in the rare cases when the resources needed exceeded what they had available.
It was then that Janet saw the kids and the woman hanging nervously off to one side watching in horror as a fire fighter put a blanket over the dead man.  Janet walked over to her and asked, “Do you know him?”
“He’s my husband,” The woman responded, “Is he dead?”
“Yes ma’am,” The chief answered, this was always the hardest part of her job. No matter how long she had been doing this it never got easier.
“I told Igor that this was a bad idea!” she walked over to the corpse and viscously kicked him, “You no good bastard! You’ve gone and died leaving me to take care of your children. Now what am I going to do.” She kicked the blanket viscously and would have again but the medic grabbed her and pulled her away. He sat her down on the back of the squad.
“Look lady,” He said sternly, “I am sorry he’s dead; but if you don’t get a handle on yourself and stop kicking him I’m going to have to sedate you and turned you over to Trenaport Mental Health Services.”
By this time Janet had gotten her report pad out and was standing beside the medic vehicle, “What is your name hon?”
“Suzy Gabriel,” The woman replied. Over the next forty-five minutes while they waited for the police Janet was able to get the full story out of the woman. Her husband not wanting to wait for the authorities to evacuate them had conned a buddy where he worked to let him have a container. Then Igor had built the interior out of bits and pieces over a week. He had stocked it telling her they only hadve to get to orbit, then as they  headed out system they would call the ship’s captain and informtell the ship’s master they where there. Hopefully they would be the last container loaded they would be able to get off the container tub easy enough.  Janet didn’t have the heart to tell the thirty year old that they would have died of asphyxiation long before they got discovered on the ship. If the container had been sealed right it would never n’t have busted open when it had been lifted. Once the police got on the scene and proved to their satisfaction that there had not been foul play, the police released the scene and the body was taken away. Janet ordered the squad to take the family home.
As she went back to the chief’s buggy she witnessed the yard manager, and the spaceport police commander in a heated argument.
“Look I can’t open every can that comes through here. I don’t have the man power, or the time to do it.” The yard manger yelled, “Besides it’s against the law! Only customs can open these cans.”
“Look Mary,” The cop said, “If you don’t search every can going up we’re going to have a lot more dead bodies! Do you want that on your conscience?”
“It’s not going to make much difference anyways,” Janet said, “The crown is going to probably going to cut off all shipping that isn’t related to the evacuation.”
“Yeah I can see that,” Mary said. She looked at the stack of outgoing cans sighed picked up her com and spoke into it, “I want all the off duty handlers in ASAP. Tell them they are on triple time.  I want every can opened and its cargo verified before it leaves the port for orbit.”
“We’ll get on it,” The AI replied.
“Chief can we get a medic on stand by here. I hope we’re wrong but where there is one there is two.”
“No problem,” The chief replied, she spoke a few words into her communicator and soon had the academy medic in route to her. She hung around until the medic showed up. She quickly briefed them then left. As she did she wondered how many more desperate people they would rescue. Thankfully that was the only one they found.
Chapter 13: The Young Couple
The young couple walked through their new home as if they were walking on air. They still couldn’t believe that they had actually qualified for the loan to build their home, and then the home was actually built. Now hours after closing on their first home, they lay snuggling in their bedroom talking into the small hours of the morning.  They were so wrapped up in their plans for the future they didn’t hear the evacuation announcement when it was first broadcasted. They went back to their apartment noticing that there were police officers everywhere, not only police but there was militia men everywhere. They had been listening to music still high from closing on their home, so Sophia seeing all the cops, and militia men around she had the expert system in the car find a news station as they pulled into their apartment complex. They sat in their car listening to a replay of the Queen’s announcement. They walked dejectedly into their apartment their bright future suddenly anything but bright. 
Brendon tried calling the bank hoping to maybe get out of the loan in effect returning the home to the builder. The bank’s call center was so overwhelmed that voice and data lines had shut down. Brendon’s next call was to his builder. The builder wouldn’t take his call. As Brendon was trying to get a hold of the bank and builder, Sophia was trying to get a hold of McGrath’s Furniture to see if she could cancel her furniture, they wouldn’t let her when she finally got through to them.
They moved their possessions into their new home. Their family and friends helped them move into their new home. Complementing them on their choices of colors and how the small home was perfect for the young couple especially since they were expecting their first. The cook out that was to celebrate their new home with their family and friends was greatly subdued and broke up early. The young couple shut the door to their home and went to bed.
The next day their new furniture arrived including the furniture to the nursery. Sophie just had the delivery men put everything in the garage. She saw no reason to remove the packaging from the furniture.
A week after the landscaping arrived. The neighbors noticed that the plants had not been planet having wilted and died. With the sod still on its pallets it hadn’t been installed; now it couldn’t as the sod had also died.  It had not and could be not installed. 
When the neighbors had not seen either of the couple for a couple of days, a couple of the neighbors went to check up on them. When they opened the front door they knew something was amiss as the odor made one of the men sick. They found Sophia in the bath tub with her wrist slashed. They found Brendon hanging from a rafter in the attic. He had to climb up to the scuttle tie a rope on one of the rafters above scuttle and then to his neck. He had then thrown himself through the scuttle breaking his neck. That was when the other neighbors had to leave in a hurry.
The asteroid had claimed three more souls. They wouldn’t be the last.
Chapter 14: On Mother the Capital of the Republic of the Stars
They were meeting in the secretary of war’s office. The Secretary of War and the Army Chief of Staff were meeting to discuss the situation on Trena.
“The president has asked for our opinion on how best to respond to the incident in Trena,” the war secretary began the meeting.
“Does she want us to go to their aid?” the general asked. 
“No,” The secretary answered.
“Does she want us to rescue our citizens on Trena,” He asked.
“No. She wants us to find a way to invade Trena. She feels that with their government in turmoil that we may be able to move in on Trena,” the secretary answered.said.
“Sir,” the general responded, “every time we have tried anything attacked in Trena we have gotten our ass waxed good and proper. Also with all the help coming to their aid, we may not be able to make it past the frontier.”
“I said that to her,” the secretary replied, “but she feels that if we can get there before the asteroids hit we can claim salvage rights to the entire planet.”
The man was quiet for a minute before spoke, “That is ambitious. If we can get there when most of the people have been evacuated and before the rocks fall we can salvage most of the planet. But we will have to deal with the remains of their military.  They will be the last to leave. Do we know at this time if they are evacuating the system or just the planet?”
“No plan has been announced,” the secretary answered, “I would image that anything not in orbit about Trena will be safe. We could capture the off world facilities.”
“We might be able to use McKay their moon as a base.” The general responded, “Okay let me get with plans. We’ll have something for you in the next week or so.”
With that the invasion of Trena was underway. 
Book 3: Help begins to arrive
Chapter 1: The Wayward Daughter
As Jill Wilson waited to get off the Star of Logan she reflected on her trip.
She had been surprised at how easy it had been to get a ticket to Trena. She had her military dependent’s ID and what appeared to be a letter from her father requesting that she join him on Trena; where he was supposedly part of the permanent MP unit stationed with the Imperial Marine contingent at the Imperial Embassy on Trena. She had spent most of the night working on a set of forged documents that supported her trip to Trena. The Empire even paid her fare as her dependent ID showed her as the daughter of a serving enlisted man en-route to join her father. Although her ID showed her current status as the daughter of a marine enlisted man; the cloned human who was the shipping lines ticket clerk recognized the name. The girl’s documents were plainly forgeries. The clone thought for a second and allowed the girl to travel. As the girl went to the waiting area, the Beta biowomanclone quickly created new documents for the nervous girl. 
“Miss Wilson,” the bioengineered woman came up to the girl as she waited to be called to board the shuttle to the liner, “I need to see your papers again. I think I messed up on the bookings.”
Jill nervously handed the ticket package to the clone, afraid that she had been busted. She looked around nervously expecting to see her grandmother or the MPs to take her back to her grandmother’s home. But no, the clone handed her the ticket package back. Jill didn’t notice at the time that the clone had switched her papers out. It wasn’t until she was on the shuttle did Jill realize that the ones she had been handed back looked more official than what she had started off with. In fact what she received from the clone were official forms filled out with all the official seals and documentation to accompany them.  
Unknown to Jill she had stumbled onto one of the station masters of the Biopeople’s Underground Railroad. This was not the first time the station master was breaking rules, the Beta bioperson had done so for others less deserving souls than Sergeant Wilson’s daughter. The Beta type clone like many of her brothers and sisters would do anything they could to help this marine’s family, including seeing that his daughter could join him. The girl’s family had sacrificed much for the biopeople. This girl’s grandfather had been killed trying to infiltrate an Ebio world.  As Jill’s shuttle launched to the liner, the Beta quietly sent on word to other biopeople down the line to watch for and assist Jill if they could. She smiled, happy that in some small way she could help the family of her people’s hero.

Once aboard the Star Mist, Jill found herself in a cabin that was considerably tini smaller  than any room she had ever slept in. Although she would have preferred something larger, as a marine dependent she couldn’t ask for any special privileges. Jill caught the aroma of fresh cooking, feeling suddenly ravenous she went in search of the dining room and found the line for breakfast.  While waiting in line for breakfast there, she saw a man who she recalled as having been in her father’s MP unit at the Marine’s Capital Barracks on Earth, noticed her. He had obviously left the marines and was now one of the security officers on the liner.  I’ll have to greet him before we land, she thought to herself.
John Gordon made a note to himself to look after the recognized the young woman standing in line for breakfast. He was pretty sure he recognized her from the he had seen her with holos his Sergeant at the capital barracks when she had visited her father. Sergeant Wilson’s, his sergeant. His sergeant also had  had holos on the back of his desk showing the girl he now sawback in .  She was older, but John could see that this was the same girl.  Sarge had helped him get his stuff together and now although he had left the Marine Corps, he was still in law enforcement, at least generally, and he felt he owed his old sergeant a favor two. John had been on duty the night Master Gunnery Sergeant Wilson had left the barracks with a prisoner who it turned out that he owned.  On arrival at Aeries Station, he decided to send a message to the girl’s family to make sure that they knew Jill was traveling onboard and to let them know that Jill had gotten that far safely. 
At Aeries Station, a Captain from the Interstellar Rescue Service, who had dined with her grandmother quite often, saw Jill as she left the Star Mist heading for her next connection. The Captain, who was in route to his next duty station, where he would become the Commander of the Space and Air Group on board the attack carrier War Spear, offered to buy her dinner. 
Jill felt fortunate that her grandmother’s friend would offer to treat her to a meal.  She didn’t leave home with many imperials and was wondering if she would have a vending machine dinner of a snack bar and water, this would be much better.  She eagerly accepted his kind offer.  Over dinner as they spoke, Jill had been surprised. Jill had thought it would be the typical conversation of a friend of her grandmother making nice to her. It was far from that.
“Where you headed Miss Wilson?” the man asked as he held her chair while she sat.
“Trena,” Jill said, “Grand mom wants me to be educated at the Trenaport Boarding School.”
“What you do? Tick off the Iron Maiden so she’s sending you away?” the captain used her grandmother’s nick name.
“No! Grandma Wilson thought that getting off Mars for a while to go to a school outside the Empire would be good for me.” Jill replied, “It was my choice to go to the Trenaport Boarding School.”
“I have heard of that school,” The Captain said, “It is very good. They have a lot of our service kids there, even a few others, including some Thonians. It’s a great melting pot. My wife spent some time there. It’s in Trenaport isn’t it?”
“Yes,” Jill replied.
“Trena’s a beautiful place.” The captain continued. She had little or no idea what Trena was really like. She settled back and listened to the captain. 
“My wife grew up on Trena,” The captain said, “Her father was a member of the Marine contingent at our embassy there. I’ve been back with her a couple of times. It’s a beautiful world. If you get a chance you should go over to West Princess Falls. It’s a water fall that is breath taking.  It’s a horseshoe that drops into the ocean on the west coast of Main. The thing has got to be three or four miles across. Getting there about sunset makes the water sparkle as it catches the spray and causes rainbows all over the area.”
“It sounds beautiful,” Jill remarked. Jill had learned a long time ago from all the military officers that frequented her grandmother’s table, that they often saw sights and things that were not always the horror of war, or of human suffering. 
“It is,” the captain said, stopping long enough to order their meal, “But you’ll want to check out Trenaport Beach. There is one section that seems to stretch on forever, pristine sand that just goes on and on. The crown has prevented any housing or development on it so there is nothing on it. You can walk for miles without seeing another person. It’s just like it was when James McAllister found it four hundred years ago.”
She listened to the officer talk about Trena. He suggested that she go to the north of Trenaport to see the ice caves. Surprisingly it was an enjoyable dinner with the captain. Never once did he ask how she was doing in school.  He treated her as an equal, not the granddaughter of a senior officer. Jill would remember this all her life. He escorted her to the ship that would take her on the next leg of her journey.
The Captain, in a letter to his wife that night wrote how he had stumbled across the admiral’s granddaughter, and how the young woman had carried herself. Commenting that for a young lady of her upbringing, her manners were better than half the young supposedly officer material candidates that were coming out of the academy.  
###
The station master for the Underground Railroad on the Rio Lobo space station was an old prostitute known as Thunder.  Through the imperial mail boat that made the trip from Earth Space to Rio Lobo in a third of the time Jill’s liner did, she had received word that the daughter of Sergeant Wilson was on her way to Trena via Rio Lobo. Trena was one of the final destinations on the railroad for biopeople fleeing Ebio and the empire. When she later learned that the girl had ran away from her grandmother’s home on Mars she was torn between helping the authorities to return the girl to Mars, or helping her on her way to Trena. Thunder was pondering what she was going to do when the beat cop for the neighborhood where her bar was located came in for a cup of coffee. She tried to hide the photo of the girl from the cop; but she wasn’t fast enough.
“What do you have there, Thunder?” the cop asked as she poured him a cup of coffee. He picked up the photo of Jill. “Pretty girl, is she one of yours?”
“Did you ever hear about a sergeant Wilson in the station’s MP unit?” Thunder asked knowing she wasn’t going to be able to get around this young cop’s questions, nor did she want to as he sometimes, though unwittingly, helped her get her passengers along the railway.
“No,” the cop replied.
“He was before your time. He was a Marine MP,” Thunder continued, “who helped me out years ago when one the officers off an IRS hospital ship had raped me. He made sure that sorry piece human offal was sent to Dungeon.”
The young cop nodded he knew of Dungeon. It was an imperial prison world where the empire and other star nations sent the very worse of their criminal element they convicted.  
“Anyways that’s his daughter,” The old prostitute continued. “You haven’t seen her have you?”
“No.” The young man asked, “I haven’t, why?”
“Her ship is due today or tomorrow,” Thunder answered. “Could you keep an out eye for her? I owe it to Sarge that she is looked after on her lay over.”
“What do you want me to do?” the young man asked.
“Let me know if you see her.” Thunder asked. She had decided that since the girl was going on to Trena, one of the destinations on the railroad, she couldn’t risk blowing her cover and return the young woman to her grandmother. But there was no reason why she couldn’t put the fear of god into her old friend’s daughter however. She was going to look after the girl; just not in the way the young cop thought.
###
The next ship of the journey was not as spacious as the first one.  To Jill’s astonishment she found that they could fit a room in an even smaller space than the last one.  It held just a bed, a wall light and two drop-down shelves which would have to be raised at night in order to sleep without banging into them if she got up in the night to go to the toilet down the passage.   Lucky me she thought, that I didn’t bring much with me.  Food wasn’t as available either.  The crew on this ship wasn’t as pampered as the last one either, and Jill found that because she was on a dependent fare she had to eat in the crew mess. After she got used to the hours though; she really liked the crew meals.  The crew was generally friendly and easy-going.  One of the purser’s crew had been very helpful, showing her where everything was located in the ship. They kidded and joked with him about adopting a mascot.  She didn’t care as it made her feel a little less lonely so far from everything she’d ever known before. 
His name was Journey Man. He was a conductor on the railroad, and a sometime stringer for the Corps de Chameleon, the imperial intelligence service.  He watched the youngster leave the mess room, which was the third shift’s gathering spot, to head back to her room. He mentally checked his memory and realized that the girl was the person he was to conduct on his part of the railroad.  The crew knew he was one of the purser’s office staff, but had no idea he was a conductor on the railroad. Only a few biopeople knew about the railroad and fewer non bios did. He had helped many people including one legendary bioperson who he had seen a couple of weeks back standing next to Sergeant Wilson. Now, here was his daughter traveling to Trena. He had to get her on to Trena. Safely!  
By the time the ship had reached Rio Lobo, Jill was going stir-crazy.  With no room on the ship to stretch her legs, she had to get off the liner for a bit. It had been over a week, a week of sitting around and hardly getting any opportunity to see the passenger level where the passenger gym was located. The crew wasn’t allowed to use it. As a “freeloader” according to some of the more snobby crew members, she deserved the bare minimum of privileges.  She was thoroughly bored and felt cooped up. The stop at Rio Lobo was a transfer point. But she would have to stay overnight in the station. Having no money for a hotel she thought she would wander the station. She found a plaza after a bit and after enjoying the freedom of being able to walk more than fifty feet in any one direction, she sat down at a table in one of the outdoor cafes around the plaza. 
Although she didn’t notice him, Journey Man was watching Jill as she left the ship.  He let him was runrunning an  the errand for the ship’s purser to pick up some packages waiting for them at the line’s station office. This had given him the opportunity to escort the girl around without the girl knowing about it.  He was surprised when she had sat down in a restaurant patronized by the working boys and girls of Rio Lobo. She couldn’t have known that she had. When he realized that it was Thunder’s place, he smiled a bit wondering how Thunder would handle things. Thunder was the next station master in the line to get Miss Wilson down the line and owned the bar she had sat down in front of.  She had likely picked it because it had a casual relaxed feel about it, with people strolling among the tables and chatting, then wandering away with someone.  The naive girl had no idea what looked like a friendly atmosphere was the local meat market for 6 this part of the space station. It was the wrong place for a sheltered naïve girl to be sitting around in. 
He watched her as she looked around and appeared to be a little self-conscience as the strolling men and even a few of the women gave her admiring glances. She hadn’t even realized yet that the regulars who worked thies stretch along the plaza were starting to act like they would like her to just move on.  If they started feeling that Jill was trying to steal their business, it might get embarrassing or even dangerous.  Memo was wondering how to let Thunder know that the girl was her next passenger for the railroad when he spotted his old friend.
Thunder, saw Memo and nodded. Since he had business to conduct and Jill was at the next station on the railroad he went on about his business. He chuckled when he remembered how the old prostitute had received her nickname. Before she had gotten out of the business a long time ago, she use to tell her clients she felt like a thunderstorm had washed through her after they had finished.  It had a novelty that boosted the ego of most of the one-shot customers she had worked then. The locals thought it a clever tag line.  She had given the business up and now ran one of those cafes that surrounded the plaza area.  Hers was unique as it offered small private rooms behind her bar.  She didn’t run a crew of “workers” anymore as they were all pretty much independent on this part of the station but she was quite willing to make a profit on their labors in her room rentals.  Of course if someone just wanted to sleep during a layover in a clean, fresh smelling room that was just fine with her.  Memo thought there had been some trouble she had been in once where she had gotten hurt badly, but he hadn’t ask her.  It was her story to tell.  She was past her prime now, but still able to work crowd control things got too rowdy. Memo never saw the cop approach his old friend.
Jill startled as an older woman sat down next to her.
“Going loner can be is dangerous in this neighborhood, I can protect you” The woman said softly, looking suggestively up and down Jill as she sat at her table. 
Jill looked at the older woman bewildered not knowing what the woman was asking. Unsure of what the woman was even talking about and wondered why the woman was unable to stop staring at her chest.  Even the boys at school had not given her the look like this woman was giving her, “Pardon?”
The woman leaned forward so that her chest was right in Jill’s line of sight, putting a hand on her thigh, and purred, “I can help you make a lot of imperials entertaining some of my clients.”  Thunder bit her cheek to keep her face straight as she saw a new idea flare to life in Jill’s brain.  
“I… you mean... No way!” Jill finally got the message, “Get away from me before I call for help!”
As if on cue, the young cop appeared at Jill’s side. “Is this woman bothering you miss?”
“Yes!” Jill answered seeing that the young man was a cop. 
“Thunder you need to move on,” the young cop said helping Jill get to her feet.
“Just trying to grow my business,” Thunder, acted put out as she stood up. She thought with a hidden smile that twinkled behind her eyes, “There you go Sergeant Wilson.  You went against your own to make sure that the marine who raped me years ago was brought to justice, I’ve just paid you back.”
“Where you headed miss?” The police officer asked as they walked away from the cafe. 
“I am headed to Trena to join my father,” Jill answered, “I have a ten hour layover until my next ship.”
“This is no place to layover,” the police man commented. “I know of a place that you can stay and they will make sure you get to your next ship.”
“I don’t have much money,” She answered.
“Not a problem,” The young cop replied, “It is run by the Red Cross.”
“Oh,” Jill said picking up her small bag of things. “Then I guess I should take them up on the offer.”
“This way then,” The young police officer pointed the way.
It took a few minutes to walk the distance to the hostel. 
“Big Sue,” The young cop greeted the intake worker, “Got room for another?”
“Sure!” the young woman replied, “Who do we have here.”
“Jill Wilson,” Jill answered. 
“Alright,” the woman replied as she took out her data pad, “Let me get some information and…”
The young cop left and went back to Thunder’s place. When he got back young cop asked the old prostitute, “That what you wanted?”
“Perfect,” Thunder said and kissed him on the cheek, “Just perfect!”
“Found out who she is Thunder, or at least who her father is.” The cop continued. “I am impressed how he helped you and others.”
“I still owe him,” Thunder commented, “This was only partial payment!”
“I’ll catch up latter,” he went on along his beat. He didn’t want the Sarge to know he had done a favor for this woman. Some of the older cops had problems with the old prostitute. He had always found her decent to him. To his knowledge she had not been afoul of the law in years. She was always well behaved around him and if she was involved in anything he could not find any evidence of it. He had of course heard that she was a station master on the Underground Railroad but couldn’t prove it.
A few hours later the Red Cross worker escorted Jill to her next ship. It was a little better one. The Star of Logan was a midsized liner that routinely went from Rio Lobo to Trena Station.  Thankfully, it was only another week to Trena and she wasn’t discriminated against as she was on the last one. Every time the ship popped out of transit space, she was the first one in the ships tiny library, to see what had transpired on Trena. The asteroids hadn’t fallen on Trena, but the news media was filled with the current happenings there. When she read the Op-Ed piece that a Lord Rammer wrote condemning her father’s lack of a concise plan she was blistering mad.  Although it had been years since she had seen her father, and didn’t really know exactly what he did now, and still in high school, and not really aware of what all was going on in Empire or especially on Trena; she felt that even she could see that after three weeks that it would be nearly impossible for anyone to have a coherent plan other than to just get off world as best you can. 
Jill decided to train herself to be useful to her father.  He wouldn’t have time for fancy welcome home parties and getting to know her all over again, so she had better just make herself an assistant that would know what to do and do it before it was needed.  She felt that her father wouldn’t send her home to Mars if she was his right hand.  Using the ships limited library she researched the Trena star system and everything that was printed about asteroids hitting a planet.   It sometimes got really dry and technical, but she struggled through the information, glad she had taken advanced science courses back home.  
The Trena system had only one habitable planet, with several smaller planets around a single G class star. Other than two asteroid belts the only other spectacular thing in the solar system was a gas giant. It had one or two small moons but nothing other than Trena was habitable. Jill sat back, as the news stories finally sank in, there was no place in the Trena system that the evacuees could go to. They would have to leave the system. The space habitats were not large enough to hold the population of seventy five million people. 
Jill spent some time learning about Trena herself. If the planet was going to be forced to die, she wanted to be able to remember what its own special places had been like.  She wanted to be able to replay in her mind what the Ice Caves and other places the captain had talked to her about looked like, because she now realized she might never get the chance to go see them.  She started out learning the typical text book facts that anyone doing a school report would find. Trena had only about  nine tenths of an Earth standard gravity, it was little farther from its star than Earth was from the Sun, and it had only a few continents. There was the big one that straddled the mid-portion of the planet that was simply called Main and the others smaller ones north and south of Main also simply called North and South. The main continent was temperate with mild winters and gentle summers, but there was also a desert of sorts in the southern half of the big continent. Most of Trena’s industry was in orbit. At least the real heavy industry was in orbit or scattered through the system, closer to those cursed asteroid belts, where the metals found in the floating rocks that industry needed were closer and cheaper to get to. There were a couple of exceptions. Boeing Space Works had a light space craft yard in northern Trenaport, and there was a furniture factory in the north of the main city of Trenaport. 
There wasn’t much about what the birds sounded like wheeling over the gentle sea winds, what the Ice Caves reflecting sunlight off their icy exteriors looked like, what Trena’s fields of flowers smelled like after a rain.  Only the people that lived there could tell her that.  After exhausting the library on anything about Trena she could find, she went on to research what would happen when the asteroids struck Trena. There wasn’t much. What she had found out was not good at all and explained why the world had to be evacuated. A single big rock coming in at thousands of miles an hour would create a massive crater. If it was a big asteroid, the impact crater could go on for hundreds of miles around the impact area, splashing and splash dust  into the atmosphere. The dust would obscure the sunlight from the star and prevent the necessary warmth and sunlight from reaching the surface of Trena. That might be survivable as she understood it; but Trena wasn’t going to be hit by one or two asteroids, but several thousand of all sizes. One or two wouldn’t cause the evacuation of the planet, or make it unlivable. Thousands would. One of the articles that had found its way to the ship was a science piece on what would happen when all these rocks hit Trena. The piece written by three scientists and concluded that it would not be a good thing to be on Trena after the rocks fell. They compared it to a nuclear winter that the ancients had feared would happen should the pre empire nations of Earth had ever launched their nuclear weapons at each other. They concluded that with the planetary damage, life would be nearly impossible on the Free World. She now fully understood why Trena had to be evacuated.
As she got closer to Trena she began to worry about her father. It had been five years since she last seen him. That could be a long time for people. She had changed a lot in that time, growing up from a twelve year old ruff-neck, smiling with her pigtails, and skinned knees to a near adult who had begun, who, according to a few boys at school, was attractive enough to ask to some of the school dances.  He might not recognize her. She had changed in temperament too. She had been a bit of an air-head when she had last seen her father, but she was much more mature now, certainly.  Being a blond was cool but being a smart blond was fun. The look on people’s faces when she answered stuff in school or talked to others and they found out she wasn’t an air-head blond; but a smart and intelligent young woman was something she rather enjoyed.  Her father was in for a big surprised when he saw her. She wondered how much he had changed.
She also wondered how much he was going to yell at her. She realized that what she had done may not have been the smartest thing she could have done. Traveling on her own had been fun even though it had gotten much more boring after the first ship’s relatively spaciousness and the second one so cramped, and until she had met that woman on Rio Lobo, she been maybe just a little homesick, but not scared. The memory of the incident with the hooker was the reason why when the ship later docked for an eight hour layover at another station, she didn’t leave the ship.  Her father wasn’t much of a yeller; he could or had been able to make his point without talking any louder than you would in normal conversation. But he had always been fair, and even when he punished her he had not been too extreme. At least that was what she remembered when she was little, now that she was supposedly more grown up, it might be different.  If Grandma had heard she’d been in hot water at school or on the base like the time she was in that training area and got hit by accident from a stun grenade she would lower the boom! Knowing the Admiral, which is what Jill thought of her grandmother when she was being ‘all business’, there would be yelling with her. As the ship approach Trena Station, she wondered how much trouble she was really in. 
What actually happened was beyond her wildest expectations.
Now as she waited anxiously for the crew to open the hatches, so she could get reunion with her father over with, she wondered what was taking so long for the crew to open the hatches. Finally the liner’s doors opened and people began to disembark. As she signed off of the ship, she heard a couple of ship’s officer talking.
“If the authorities had not guaranteed our safety I am not certain that the captain would have opened up.” The assistant purser was saying as he checked her off the ship. 
“I was talking with Sparks a little while back,” the other officer who was standing next to the assistant purser remarked. “He was telling me of the rumors he had heard. There was a Theocracy flagged bulk carrier that was telling everyone on the ship to ship that the authorities were confiscating ships and press ganging crews. It was an out and out lie and only after the Queen came on the net and set the record straight did the captain decided to open up.”
“Well let’s get our people safely off the ship,” the other officer said.
When she stepped off the ship, she considered returning to its relatively quiet safety.  Outside her ears were assaulted by the din of many voices.  They all seemed to be shouting and Jill wished for the sanity that her little room on the liner had provided her.  Jill set her face in determination and went forward into the chaos.  She saw that many people were doing their jobs as best as they could, moving baggage, keeping security and checking paperwork.  Other crowds of people seemed to be lined up behind a fenced area, where their faces showed a variety of emotions, grief, fear and anticipation being the most obvious.  They looked hungrily at the ship she had just left, as if it were a five star meal and Jill nervously began to move a little faster away from it.  The thought of being between the ship and them frightened her.  
As Jill Wilson waited anxiously for the gate to the dock to open so she and her fellow passengers could enter the station proper; she reflected on the two week trip from Mars to Trena. It had been uneventfully monotonous. Except for when that old prostitute on Lobo had tried to recruit her when she had been laying over to catch her next ship, she had had no excitement. After Lobo she had stuck to the ship. The crew and everyone were talking about the situation in the Trena System, and what it meant to them. As the gate opened Jill Wilson gathered up her one small bag and went through the gate. 
Jill quickly moved to follow the few others that were disembarking toward a row of tables and desks.  Jill had traveled with her grandmother and been through customs at various places.  None had looked this shakily put together. This set up struck her as having been slapped together with whatever was handy and having an extra portion of security forces.  Most of the people at the table looked very official and closer to the crowds of tense people behind the fence.  Jill saw one thin man jump the line and try to run towards ship she had been on.  He was tackled and drug off to another area.
As she approached customs she thought she saw a tall thonian woman that she knew. She towered over Jill at six foot six and was very muscular looking. Although humanoid looking, her light gold skin, and grey hair speckled with black, and her six fingered hand did little to hide she was a non-earth human female.  When she got closer she found that it was a friend of her father’s. Commander Atomi. She had met the thonian and her husband several years before when her father had been assigned to Andrea’s World, an independent world that her father and the commander had been assigned to be the joint MP unit for the liberty port. 
She was almost a fixture in their home. Not only was the Commander a close friend of her father’s, the commander’s daughter Lamile had become a close friend of hers as well. On Andrea’s they had been nearly inseparable. Then over the years when they could both sets of parents had served on joint assignments. Seeing the thonian, Jill was relieved to spot a friendly face. She wished she could turn time back to those days of her young childhood, playing with Lamile, joking with her ‘Aunt’.  Aunt Mylea always insisted that Jill refer to her that way, saying that ‘Commander Atomi was much too formal for family and Jill was over too much to be anything but family!’ 
“Aunt Mylea?” Jill approached the Thonian wondering why the tall huskily built alien was there. She tried to remember the last letter from Lamile; it had been over three years ago. Then it didn’t mention anything about a change of duty station for her parents. Then it hit, her surrogate aunt was not dressed in the dark gray of the Thonian Space Service; but dressed in a scarlet tunic and dark black slacks with a red strip on the seams. On each shoulder was a single star. On her left sleeve was a gold patch. The patch was that of a horse wearing a crown, around the patch were the words Trena Royal Mounted Patrol.  Not that of the Thonian Space Service’s 83rd Military Police Battalion. Her father, in that last precious year he before he had left her, had helped the Thonians to stand that unit up and no one had really been surprised that her Aunt and her lifemate had been chosen to be the inaugural command team of the unit. When she and her father had returned to Mars and the empire it had broken her heart to say good-bye to Lamile.
“Hi Jill,” the older woman said seeing her old friend’s daughter for the first time in years. She had filled out standing almost five feet eight inches tall. The Pig tails had been replaced by shoulder length blond hair. The youngster, although obviously somewhat nervous with all this commotion, still stood with a poise that Mylea thought some of her younger officers could have learned when she was still in the service.
“Aren’t you in the wrong uniform?” Jill worried that although the woman still looked ready and fit, also looked haggard and tired.
“No. I had to leave the space service. The TMP hired me.” Her aunt replied.
“Are you a General now?” Jill asked pointing to the star on her aunts shoulder boards.
“Sort of; I am a deputy chief for the Mounties,” Her aunt replied.
“Why are you here?” Jill asked suspecting that she knew why.  She was sure that she was about to be turned around and marched back to Mars. 
Mylea paused before she answered her young friend being distracted by an old man sweeping up some liter and thought she knew who the man was. Kellogg, a notorious one time closer with Ebio that was the bane of the police authorities on Trena and the occasional Ebio security officers who were closing fleeing Biopeople’s files on Trena. She was wondering if she should park Jill for a moment and arrest the man; but when she looked from Jill back to where the old man had been working, he was gone. Rumor had it he was not part of Ebio any longer so he wasn’t one of the people who she was up there to protect Jill from.
“I am here to escort you to down to your father,” Mylea said surprising the teen. Then seeing Jill’s small bag she frowned before she continued, “Is that all you have?”
Jill nodded.
She wanted to scold the young woman about being inadequately prepared for travel. Then her frown softened as she remembered her friend had left in the middle of the night and didn’t want to let anyone know she was running away. 
“You mean that you aren’t going to put me on a transport back to Mars?” Jill asked.
“No! Lisa talked your father out of it,” The thonian replied and almost giggled, “I guess I should say we. Your father has never been able to resist us when Lisa and I tag team him.” 
“This Lisa wants me to stay?” Jill asked dumb founded. She had thought that it had been Lisa who had convinced her father to leave her behind.
“Lisa never wanted to leave you behind Jill,” He aunt said, “that was your father’s decision. He was concerned for your own safety.”
“Why are you here and not them?” Jill asked suspecting the thonian was lying to her.
She saw the look on the earth girl’s face and said, “Both Michael and Lisa would be here if hadn’t been for their security detail. The detail doesn’t like the station. They feel it can’t be secured enough for your family. Even the Queen is not allowed up here right now.”
“Oh,” Jill said looking around at the commotion. She thought she understood.
“The security detail thought that it would be better if someone you knew came and picked you up. Since I knew you, they thought I was the right person to get you to safety. I was also likely to be someone you would trust.  The detail thought that there might be an Ebio team following you. We got word that there was one heading this way.”
Jill didn’t know what to say. She felt dizzy.  She had been all set to argue her case before this Lisa, thinking she would have to be the one she needed to convince not to send her back to Mars. Now trying to keep what she privately called her military face on, she wouldn’t cry, but she knew she was close to it.  All the relief she had felt just seconds ago at the sight of a familiar face, was gone.  It was part of a new internal struggle of emotions; relief at finally arriving, worry about what would happen now, love mixed with anger for a father she had been without for far too long, and now Ebio following her. It was almost too much for her to deal.
“Is this all you have?” Mylea asked again seeing the single bag the girl was carrying.
“Yes,” Jill said.
“Let’s get you through customs.” Mylea tried to sound stern, but was having a hard time of it. As she now took the teenager’s shoulder and pointed her in the direction of the entry gates, she tried to avoid looking at the child that was almost another daughter to her as the girl’s lower lip was beginning to tremble and a glisten of a tear was beginning to stream down her check.  She was supposed to give Jill the ‘Treatment’, taking her through the regular customs procedures for a person attempting to enter a secure border during times of crisis.  This would include several embarrassing scans and interrogations to ascertain exactly whether the incoming person was an added security risk or not to the kingdom. Looking and listening to this girl on the verge of womanhood, trying to act mature and grownup, willing to do whatever was necessary to enter the kingdom to see her father, Mylea couldn’t do it.  She knew that Michael, the girl’s father wanted; to let his daughter know how a runaway could be treated; but she just couldn’t do it. Jill wasn’t her daughter, but she remembered bandaging up her knees, and watching late night holo flicks with her and her daughter. There were other ways to get her father’s message across. 
Once away from the customs gate Mylea turned to the young woman and said, “Who did your papers? They look good for forgeries.”
Jill looked at the woman not knowing what to say. She had realized immediately that papers that the beta bioperson on Mars had given her were not the same ones she had made prior to leaving Mars.
“Never mind,” Mylea continued, “You will be getting new papers anyway.”
“I will?” Jill asked, “You mean if dad doesn’t send me back.”
“Well your father is furious with you.” The Thonian replied. “But Lisa and I have cooled him out a bit. But only a bit! He won’t be sending you back.”
“Oh really,” Jill wasn’t convinced she expected nothing less from the man who left her years ago. She was not convinced it wasn’t this Lisa who was calling the shots. She still needed him. She missed him terribly. “This Lisa will actually let me stay?”
Mylea looked around for someplace private to talk with the girl, finding a VIP lounge she took the girl into it. Thankfully there was no one in the lounge. 
“Sit down!” Mylea said more harshly than she intended, as she triggered the door so that it would let the space station staff outside know that they shouldn’t be disturbed unless there was an emergency. 
The girl sat down. 
“Your father is under a lot of pressure right now Jill.” Mylea sat down so she wouldn’t tower over her young friend, “He has a lot of worry. You saw that zoo out there?” the girl nodded, “That’s just part of the worry. Those are all people whose home government is allowing them to return home. But that’s only part of the evacuation he has been able to make happen. He is really worried about you, and so is Lisa! Yes Lisa! But she’ll let him make the decision about you and give him hell if she doesn’t like it! Right now she is in your corner. You being here puts him under more pressure.”
She looked at her aunt and asked, “Should I go home?”
“No way,” Mylea spoke softly, she smiled, “you might be able to distract him from some of the issues he’s dealing with.”
“But won’t that cause problems?” Jill asked.
“Yep,” Mylea answered, “but no more than if there wasn’t an evacuation and he was just being a dad, a lifemate, and a police officer.”  
“I see.” Jill commented, “And he isn’t going to send me back?”
“No, not now,” Mylea answered. “When the admiral sent word you had run away to Trena he did want to ship you back to Mars.” 
“Oh,” Jill said. “Why?”
“He doesn’t think he can protect you.” Mylea said, “You know that Ebio has been hunting him for years and that they have a price on his head?”
“No, I wasn’t aware of that,” Jill said.  “He hasn’t been very informative lately.  I got a letter saying he was running from Ebio but I have never really understood why. I thought it might have something to do with this Lisa person.”  
“Yes,” Mylea said, “but not the way you think. Ebio wants them both for something they know. I don’t know what. Because of Ebio, he wants you off world and on Mars. He feels it is safer for you on Mars at the Admiral’s estate. It’s going to get crazy here and while the Queen gave him her protective detail and they among are the best I have ever seen, Michael just doesn’t know if they are good enough to stop a Closer Team from Ebio harming all of you.”
“Closer team,” Jill asked bewildered, “What’s that?”
Mylea thought for a minute not sure she should tell the girl everything. She wasn’t sure it was her place to do so.  But if Jill was foolhardy enough to go rushing into danger, she had better know just what she was going to be facing.  ‘Just like Lamile, thinks she knows everything even when she doesn’t.  Time she gets the “Treatment” all right, just not the one her father intended.’ Mused before finally saying aloud, “Jill, I’m not sure your father would approve of this, but you are old enough to learn about the current situation; especially as it involves you.  What do you know about Ebio?”
“They make clones, or as they call themselves Biopeople.  There is a lot of arguing as to whether or not they are property or free people, because they are creative thinkers, and capable of supporting themselves.  At least that’s what the holo casters say.  I agree, how anyone could think they are programmable robots is beyond me!”
“Well, that’s not quite what Ebio thinks.  They and their engineers spent quite a few decades developing the Biopeople. Taking the very earliest research files and going from those early trials developing sheep and cats, and finally creating the biopeople.  There was a lot of arguing when they first announced that one!  People like Theocracy feel that only a deity can create life and that for mortals, to play with their deities’ creative rights is sacrilege.  Finally the governments of the various star nations and colonies stepped in and set rules.  Some decided to not allow the Biopeople in, and shipped them back whenever they crossed their borders.  Some like Trena here consider them a sentient life form treating them as such, refusing to treat them as property.  Some treat them as slave labor, meaning the biopeople are treated as robotic tools and cannot own anything, including themselves!”
“Grandma said that Ebio people are profit mad tyrants.” Jill injected remembering how incense when her grandmother spoke about Ebio. 
“She is a bit harsh, but she wants them to do the right thing and release all claims on the Biopeople.  The company sees their ownership as just trying to make profit for their stock holders.  They sunk planets full of mounits on the research and development of the bios and they see that tech as theirs. They have ruthlessly protected their patents and trade secrets.”
“Why don’t people see that the clones are just like us?” Jill asked.
“They don’t want to.  Having the bios do the boring routine, messy and dangerous jobs frees the ‘real’ people to do things that are exciting or simply more fun.  They are blind to the slavery because if they’d acknowledge it and free the biopeople, they might have to do those jobs again.  Now back to the question you started with, Closer Teams.
“Ebio sees any act of independence or rebellion in a clone as dangerous behavior.  Occasionally when a few bios try to break for freedom, they chose to act violently in their attempts and killed people trying to stop their escape. Ebio uses these graphic scenes to scare people into thinking that an uncontrolled clone is mentally unstable and dangerous.  That got expanded when a group of outside activists tried to assist an escape.”
“The Eclipse 7,” Jill shuddered she recalled the group that blew up half a small town as they tried to close down an Ebio plant.
“Exactly, they never meant, I believe to cause that explosion.  I think that in trying to do the break-out during the eclipse, when all electronics and communications were shut down, they triggered something, some chemical imbalance that started a chain reaction when everything powered back up.  But the company convinced everyone that the 7 were nothing but terrorists and in trying to free ‘mentally unstable clones’, the ‘terrorists’ were just as dangerous and needed to be taken down for public safety.
“A Closer Team is how Ebio takes cares of escaped clones and company renegades. They are trained to recover property or to eliminate threats to Ebio.  Usually they kill the bio or person; thus closing their files. That’s why they are called Closers.  People look the other way; Closer sounds much nicer than murderers or assassins.”
Jill stared at the thonian.  The angry face bore no resemblance to her loving Aunt Mylea. She had never seen such a face on the woman before.  She started to say something, when she realized that she couldn’t put her thoughts into words.  Her mouth hung open as her brain rushed to catch up.
Mylea felt a slight vibration from her communication unit.  It was a signal from the crew her of transport wanting to know where they were. They were supposed to be aboard by now. She knew she couldn’t keep it waiting so she stood up and unlocked the door. There was a special security team aboard the landing craft that would come to see if she was in trouble. She pressed a stud on the communicator then she escorted the still thinking girl towards their transport.  She mentally braced herself for the questions that were sure to come. She hoped the girl would wait until they were in a more private setting, so that she could answer the girl without being overheard having a guarded conversation.
“There you are,” an older woman who was the agent in charge of Jill’s protective agent called as they approached the courier. She was starting to get worried. The station was not the safest place in the kingdom right now.  She should have gone with her; but the chief had told her no; in unmistakable terms.
Mylea smiled as she handed the bag to the agent, “nothing to worry about Jenny. We can leave now.”
“As soon as you are aboard and seated we’ll get underway.” The woman about her aunt’s age replied.
“Aunt Mylea I have never heard any of this,” Jill slowly said as they boarded the craft. She secretly hoped that by using the friendly family name, the safety that she had just started to feel when she saw her aunt would return.  All she felt now was frightened and alone. She looked around and saw two other people who were sitting in the back of the passenger cabin. They were trying to blend in with the bulk head. The older woman took a seat among them. 
“That doesn’t surprise me. Your father and grandmother worked terribly hard to shield you from all this. That was why he left Earth.” She lapsed into silence as they took their seats. After they were seated in the executive space air mission spacecraft, Mylea continued, “I most likely shouldn’t have told you any of this.” 
Jill pondered what her surrogate aunt why saying as the small space ship known as a landing craft taxied along the hangar deck she asked, “How dangerous is it?” 
“I am not really sure. You’ll have two, maybe three trained agents who will be with you whenever you leave the palace.  If things look suspicious or we get information that Ebio teams were sighted, they might even stay with you inside your home.  There will be a large group around your home at the palace.  Jill,” Mylea said, staring straight into the girl’s eyes, “this is very important.  When you get this team, take their advice and don’t try to fool with them or to try and lose them.  Until we know what Ebio might do, we can’t take chances with any of your family’s safety.  A planet full of people depends on everyone doing what they need to, when they need to!  So far I have escaped the necessity of having a protective detail; mostly because your dad hasn’t appointed me as his deputy. When that happens I’ll have a couple of keepers of my own also.”
“That’s right this is the first time you have worked for him,” Jill surprised the thonian police officer. She looked at the young woman as Jill continued, “I had nothing much to do but read on the trip here.”
“I didn’t think I was news worthy?” Mylea remarked.
“You name wasn’t mentioned,” Jill continued, “but from what you said, you are a police officer in the Trena Royal Mounted Patrol, and Dad who was one of the instructors at the academy, was reached down for and made the Marshal of the Trena Constabulary making him the chief cop, fire fighter, customs officer, building inspector, EMT, etcetera for the planet. Doesn’t that mean you work for him?” Jill spoke non-stop as if she was afraid that she wouldn’t be allowed to finish what she was saying and looked at her Aunt for assurance.  She had thought she knew what was going on and now she was beginning to think she had jumped in over her head, and would soon regret it.
“It does,” The woman said, “I have not been working for him directly. I have been working for the Queen and sometimes run errands for him like now. But I’m not working for him directly. The Queen thinks I should be his deputy or chief of staff. I am not pushing. Your father and I are familiar with each other’s methods and the Queen wants someone to keep her informed.  She’s learned that when Michael gets his eyes fixed on a goal, he sometimes forgets to let the rest of us in on the plan. I’d rather be back at Mounty headquarters.  Chief James, my boss is holding my watch down.”
“Do you expect to be made his deputy?” Jill asked.
“Maybe,” Was all that Mylea commented. She herself was not convinced it would be a good idea or a bad one for that matter to be her friend’s deputy. She had been his commander every time they had worked together. Granted she thought a couple of times they should have made him an officer and be placed in charge of the assignment; but most of the time he had been her sergeant when they had worked together.
“Chief,” a Mounty poked his head out of the cockpit, “We’re not going to land at Serenity they want us at Fletcher. Seems that is where the Marshal is.”
“Okay,” Mylea said, “Would you call the MP unit there and ask them if they can get me back to the palace.”
“Chief,” The Mounty answered, “Transportation is waiting for you.”
“Thank you officer,” the thonian replied as the landing craft settled to the ground. It then taxied over to a hanger and was pulled into the structure. That surprised Mylea. She figured they would go to the flight line and leave the small space ship out in the open.  When the landing craft was secured and the ground crew opened the main hatch the plain clothes men and women in the back of the landing craft disembarked first making sure that it was secured. One of them a Thonian had to duck to get through the passenger hatch. He was carrying some sort of riffle. Once out of the elsy Jill noticed there were a lot of people in the hangar. None of them were working on the landing craft that had their sides open looking as if the work on them had been interrupted. All of the people were in plain clothes standing by the doors to the hangar.
“This way Mrs. Atomi,” a striking red head said to them as she showed Jill and Mylea to the door where the two plain clothes men were standing watch. She noticed a tall woman and a small child standing near a door to the office they were heading to. She thought it might be her step mother.
“Marshal,” The red head called as she opened the door, “Chief Atomi, and Miss Wilson.”
“Thank you Georgia,” Her father returned, “Tell the team we’ll be moving in a half an hour or so.”
“I’ll tell Mac,” the protective agent replied as she let them have their privacy.
“Michael,” Mylea said, “I didn’t notice anyone watching us on the station. Well, I thought I saw that closer Kellogg; but he disappeared before I was certain. If anyone saw anything, it looked like I was there to pick up a VIP. Going through the VIP customs gate instead of the general public gate might have allowed us to lose anyone who was trying to follow Jillian. I cannot of course guaranty it.”
Mylea could tell that her old sergeant was mad at her. His posture and expression said that he was more than a little upset at her. She recalled she had not seen that look on his face since the then staff sergeant Michael Wilson had read her beads that first time on Gregory’s World when she had rushed that drunk with the laser riffle. She was about to say something when he began to speak.
“Chief Atomi,” Mike said icily cold, but the look his old friend gave him told him he had better not start. It dawned on him that Mylea instincts about how to handle people were often much better than his. Also Jill had been part of Mylea’s family since his child was a toddler. She couldn’t give Jill the treatment as she had been ordered to. Shaking his head as if to clear it, he continued, “Mylea, thank you very much, for picking up Jill.”
“You’re welcome Michael,” Mylea replied wondering if becoming her old friend’s deputy was a wise thing. She turned to Jill, “When you get settled look me up I’ll take you to dinner. We have some catching up to do. I’ll tell Lam that you’re here. She’ll want to see you!”
“I don’t know when that’s going to be!” Jill said dejectedly, “That depends on what Dad’s going to do. If he doesn’t send me back to Mars I may be grounded forever!”
“Close,” Michael said, “Not quite that long, but you may be old and grey before I let you out of someone’s sight! Thanks again Mylea. Lisa wanted me to ask you come to dinner tonight.”
“Sure!” Mylea replied, “I’ll bring Lamile! She’ll be happy to see you Jill!”
Mylea left then and Wilson turned towards his daughter, the two of them alone for the first time in years.  He marveled at how much she had changed and wondered if she really still thought of him as her loving father. “I promised both Lisa and Mylea I would not be a hairy beast with you. I agreed with them that I couldn’t turn you over my knee and tan your fanny like I did when you were very little. I am also aware that while you may be the age of some of my youngest recruits, I can’t treat you like one.”
“Jill,” He ran an exasperated hand through his greying hair, “it’s a good thing for you, that people owe your grandmother and me some favors. You were never alone. Once we knew you were headed here, there was someone from imperial security with you the entire time. Even on Rio Lobo, where I understand old Thunder got you a little excited!” 
“Are you talking about the hooker that tried to set me up in business, that might be an understatement,” Jill said, “I never knew her name. Did you ask her to do that?”
“No.” her father a smile crossing his face, “Thunder is a professional associate of mine. She propositioned you on her own. I heard about it later. She sent me a message saying she was sorry if she had frightened you too much, but she needed to convince you to skedaddle to safety.”
Jill looked at her father not certain what to say. She looked in his deep blue eyes unflinchingly, taking stock of him. Almost forty eight years old graying at the temples, he had kept in shape.  As he stood up, she suddenly remembered how tall her father was; nearly six foot six, and not an ounce of fat on him. He came to her and hesitatingly hugged her.  He stepped back and lifted her face to look at him.  There was seriousness in his eyes, but there was nervousness about him also, that suggested to her, that she might just get through this in one piece, and get to stay here on Trena.
“You scared the crap out of me.” He said, “Don’t you ever run away like that again! Once we knew where you were going we had things under control, but there are people who would take obscene pleasure in kidnapping you, and using you for any number of purposes. You are old enough to understand that not all the people you meet are who they say they are. You scared the crap out of us.”
“I am sorry,” the girl apologized, “I didn’t mean to worry you!”
“I know,” her father replied looking down to her as he towered over her. His expression softened as he spoke, “It is time that you learn some things, before you make any other foolish decisions”
She wondered what he was going to tell her. What her aunt had told her was causing her some turmoil. Now her father was going to explain even more things to her. She wondered when she would ever get the chance to think about the things Aunt Mylea had told her. She quickly sat herself down on a nearby chair, looking up toward her father.
“Jill,” Michael sat down on the couch. “I asked that your grandmother not tell you some things until I felt the time was right. We never talked about your other grandparents; you were only told they weren’t around and couldn’t be a part of your life. We also never brought up my mother.  My mother, my birth mother, we were estranged before you were even thought of. She was rich beyond your wildest dreams. I didn’t know I was rich! I didn’t find out until shortly before I retired. I inherited all her riches. Shortly before I discovered Lisa in my brig I found out that I was the sole living heir to the Hazelton fortune. The Judge Advocate General requested that I meet with him. Not sure why I was being called into the JAG’s office, I talked to one of the sergeants who worked in the office and found I wasn’t up on charges. 
“Still wondering why I was being called in the JAG spaces I went to the meeting.” He paused for a moment then continued. “I was surprised that not only was the JAG there; but so was the commandant, General Alphine. The JAG put it quite plainly. He suggested that I should retire from the Marines. I had enough time in, and with my injuries I could take a medical disability. I could retire any time I wanted. I asked why? It was the commandant who explained, that with my recent inheritance I could be a disciplinary problem. They were politely telling me I had to leave.”
He paused as if he was gathering his thoughts.
“I asked how long I had to make a decision. General Alphine said they were in no hurry; but they weren’t going to wait forever. I said I understood and started to leave pondering what to do. Before I left, the JAG suggested I talk with a Major Stanley Prescott. He had been briefed and would be able help me. They really didn’t want to cashier me.”
“So I went to see Stan,” Jill thought she knew who her father was talking about. There was a Stanley Prescott who was her grandmother’s attorney, who she’d met a couple of times.
“He explained why the Marine Corps were asking me to retire,” her father continued getting her attention, “It was for my own good as being independently wealthy could cause problems if I were to stop being the outstanding marine I was. I was the only noble marine NCO. That caused some problems since most nobles were officers. So in the end run, as much as I didn’t want to, I put in my papers.”
“I was waiting to begin my terminal leave when Lisa showed up in my brig,” He paused again, smiling again, as he continued. “She had been arrested for being a impersonating a human being and a Navy Corpsman. Biopeople are prohibited from joining any of the imperial services. I don’t know how she pulled it off; but she did! So that caused some conniption fits. What was I to do? The only punishment for the offense is to be discharged from the service. She didn’t fight her discharge and I figured I would bring her home to Mars. ”
“But that didn’t happen,” Jill injected.
“No it didn’t.” her father groused, “I had finally gotten my head around my good fortune. I was even looking forward to working for Ebio. Then we got word Martha Hozenbur was coming to pick Lisa up. I called Ebio and told them I had Lisa and I would bring her to Corporate.
“They couldn’t tell me no,” Her father said, “When Lisa told me why she was impersonating corpsman, I knew I couldn’t take her back to Ebio. I wanted her to turn state witness; but she refused. I still don’t know the whole story!”
Jill could hear the frustration in her father’s voice.
“We had to leave the empire.” He continued, “We had to go somewhere, where we could live without fear of Ebio capturing us. When we left the empire we didn’t know where we would wind up. I had to leave you with mom for two reasons. One it was too dangerous for you to be with us. The other reason is that one of us; me, or you had to be here so that our fortune wouldn’t be stolen by Ebio and used to cause greater harm. I was aware of some things that the general public isn’t. It was one of the reasons I left the marines and looked forward to being part of Ebio. Getting the evidence we needed to close the company down! As you know that didn’t happen!”
Jill, her thoughts in complete turmoil from everything being revealed to her, could only nod
“I was afraid that if I disappeared EBio would take over my shares and use them for even more evil. So I had Major Prescott set up a trust fund for you. I turned my stocks and holdings over to that trust fund in your name. It has been managed by your grandmother, and a good friend of mine, General Alphine.  They have more financial savvy than I could ever hope to have.  This was done so that you would be taken care of since I couldn’t be there, and to have a Hazelton still part of EBio. Now isn’t the time to tell you what you own, only that if you chose, you never have to work a day in your life. That you can’t spend your money fast enough to go broke in your lifetime. Because of this, your personal safety is very important.  You have never been the subject of a kidnap plot that I know of. We have tried to make you an uninviting target by making sure you never knew you had the best security money could buy and not letting the press know you were the heir to such a big fortune.  Using Dad’s name, not Mom’s, made it easier not to be associated with the Hazelton fortune.  For your safety you must continue to act as if it doesn’t exist and not worry about the investing part of it.  There is a staff of experts that your Grandmother and the General oversee to make sure you don’t have to.”

Lisa.” Her father spoke to her, “Seems Lisa was owned by EBioe prvd to tof my property.  When I did I learned some of why Hozenbur wa
I don’t know how she pulled it off; bu
bioperson 
Start1
accumulated enough points that I was more than eligible for retirement. Couploe with the injuries I had received I   commandant came to me  I didn’t want any of it. I thought my inheritance was tainted by blood.  I saw early on how evil EBio was and I didn’t want to have anything to do with it. I tried to give it up.
“Well the courts wouldn’t let me,” her father continued, “So I had to keep all of. I just let it accumulate. When I did use it I tried to use it for good. 
 “When I left Earth, I knew that if I went MIA, ’sIt board are sometng else,”

for that type of thing. Then Lo leave the empire. But I couldn’t just leave.


the company would take over my shares and use it for even more evil. So I set up a trust fund for you. I turned my stocks and holdings over to that trust fund in your name. It has been managed by your grandmother, and a good friend of mine, General Alphine.  They have more financial savvy than I could ever hope to have.  This was done so that you would be taken care of since I couldn’t be there. Now isn’t the time to tell you what you own, only that if you chose, you never have to work a day in your life. That you can’t spend your money fast enough to go broke in your lifetime. Because of this your personal safety is very important.  You have never been the subject of a kidnap plot that I know of. We have tried to make you an uninviting target by making sure you never knew you had the best security money could buy and not letting the press know you were the heir to such a big fortune.  My inheritance has sat for so long, the press and holo-news have forgotten about it.  Using Dad’s name not Mom’s made it easier not to be associated with the Hazelton fortune.  For your safety you must continue to act as if it doesn’t exist and not worry about the investing part of it.  There is a staff of experts that your Grandmother and the General oversee to make sure you don’t have to.”
“Oh before we go on and before you interrupt me,” He held up his hand to silence her, “Jill, I did want you with me. Have ever since I left; but I felt that it was just too dangerous for you to be with us.”
“Was that this Lisa person’s idea.” Jill interrupted.
“Absolutely not,” her father chuckled remembering his wife’s reaction, “She reamed me out in a way that even my Beast DI would have taken notes on. No, Lisa would have shared the risk for you to be with us. It was my decision and it was done to keep you safe. There were many reasons for my decision; one of them is because of who you are. I left you at Mom’s because if I had come to grief, I didn’t want you harmed. At Mom’s they couldn’t use you to get to me and Lisa.”
“Is that why Aunt Mylea was so concerned about closers” Jill asked 
This caused the Marshal to look at his daughter not sure what to say next. He hadn’t wanted to talk about the darker side of Ebio. “So she let the cat out of the bag?  Maybe she was right to tell you.  I certainly am no judge of what a teen-age girl can handle.  I may have given up the right five years ago.
“But yes,” he said “the closers want Lisa very badly, and because I married her; they want me toous bad. Lisa was at one time worked in one of the company officer’s home and became privy to some stuff they don’t want to see the light of day. Lisa had been on the run for nearly twenty years. They are afraid she has shared what she knows with me. Even though as the major stock holder of Ebio it is something that I am entitled to know! Because of that Ebio security wants both of us!”
“Dad what are you talking about?” Jill asked. “What do you mean entitled to the information?”
Mike suddenly realized that Jill didn’t understand. He took a deep breath. He had an unbelievable tale to tell. A tale he sometimes found it hard to believe. “Jill, my mother, your grandmother was the great, great, granddaughter of Thomas Hazelton. The founder of Earth Biological Engineering now called Ebio.
 
“Mom had died when I was quite young. I think I was eight or nine. I went to live with my aunt Margo. It was always rocky. I wanted to be with Dad but Margo forced him to give up his parental rights. When I turned eighteen I was given a lead or silver deal. I had gotten in trouble and all my aunt’s money couldn’t get me out of it. So the judge told me I was to either enlist in the service or I was going to spend the next five years in prison.  I joined the IRS as the marines didn‘t have what I wanted. I wanted to be a para jumper. About the time I married Kileen Aunt Margo died. Leaving me the majority stock holder of EBio. I tried to divest myself of the stocks. Tried to sell them off. But I couldn’t as they had be sold to the descendants of the original founders. We are the only ones. I thought about leaving the service, but I really didn’t want to and the money didn’t mean anything to me. I did use it when I could do some good. But for the most part I ignored it. I was the richest sergeant in the marines.
“I know it’s weird,” her father continued, “By that time I was in the Black Guard. And the only way to get out of the guard at time was death or severe injury. So eventually I did get injured, and left the guard. I became an MP. When I found Lisa in my brig and left Earth space after turning all my holdings over to you, taking Lisa with me.”
SheJill sat in stunned silence as she digested what her father had just told her. It was unbelievable. She didn’t know what to make of it. The way her father told the story she knew it had to be true. Her head was swimming. She knew who the Hazelton’s were. It was something she had learned in history class. They had created the bios and Ebio. Were they truly heirs to that immense fortune? She couldn’t fathom what that meant.
“Dad,” She finally asked, “are you for real?”
“Very much so!” her father answered. “It is something that may take a while to get use to! I know it did for me!”
“And this company, that I own is trying to capture you and this Lisa,” Jill asked, “Why?”
“It’s a very long story,” her father answered. “The short story is that Lisa, and now I know things that the company doesn’t want the Imperial Bureau of Justice to know.”
“So you’ve been here all this time?” Jill asked, “And I couldn’t be with you?”
“Jill you had to stay on Mars with Mom,” her father said softly, “As much as I wanted you with me it just wasn’t safe for you. Lisa…”
“Is it this Lisa who convinced you leave me behind?” Jill cut him off.
“No,” her father said sharply, “That was my decision. And mine alone. Lisa gave me all types of grief for not having you with us! It almost caused us to separate. No it wasn’t Lisa. It was me. It was mostly because we didn’t know where we would end up. You don’t know how many times once we got settled on Trena that I almost sent for you. I knew the moment I did I would put all of us in danger.”
“Am I really in that much danger,” Jill asked. Her head was swimming with everything her father told her. The only thing she seemed to focus on was that a company she owned wanted to capture or kill her family.
“We are not certain,” her father replied, “but we are not going take any chances. So for the moment we’ll treat the situation as if you are in danger.”
“And it was you,” Jill asked suddenly, “not this Lisa person who left me on Mars with grandmom?”
“Yes,” Her father replied remembering one of the arguments he had with Lisa over not bringing the girl with them. “If one of us didn’t remain in the empire, EBio would have declared us dead and take our fortune and do immense harm. almost took you with us. Just so there would peace! Trust me when I say that Lisa didn’t want to break us up. I was not willing to put you in that much danger. That was why I left you with Mom. I knew you would be safe there!” Lisa gave me grief until she finally understood why you had to remain on Mars.”
“Dad why did…” she started to ask why she had to stay on Marsstayed in the service, when her father cut her off, “I know you have many questions but they’ll have to wait until things settle down.”
 “A planet’s going to be destroyed; you have to evacuate the entire population!  Just when are things going to settle down?” she asked.
 “Well yes, settle down may not be quite the right words,” her father chuckled, “Let’s just say when things are less hectic! For the time being; leave questions about our heritage for later!”
“Okay, I guess,” Jill agreed; but she didn’t really agree; but knew the answers she wanted were just not going to be given to her at this time.
“But that brings us to now,” Michael said, “You will be getting a protective detail. I am sorry; but it is a fact of life from now on. It’s not totally because of your wealth! It is because of my job. I have been getting death threats. Not everyone thinks I am a good guy!” he chuckled, “They will go everywhere you go most of the time. One of them will be either in the back of your class room when you go back to school, or out in the hall. If you have a date they will drive you, and see to your safety.”
Jill didn’t know what to say. It was all too much for her to understand and take in at one time.
“Now as for your punishment,” He watched her expression “Jill I don’t really want to do this; but you have to learn what you did was not the brightest thing you could have done, and if it hadn’t been for imperial security, and some people on the railroad you might never have gotten here. So unfortunately I have to take notice of what you did.”
“You’re going to send me back to grandmom aren’t you?” she asked.
“I should. I almost did,” her father answered, “but it would be just as dangerous and truthfully the Queen and I can’t afford the political fallout. Also Lisa and now that I think of it, Mylea, both had some err strong opinions of that also.  Let’s just say I want some peace and quiet in the house that Lisa wouldn’t let me have if I sent you back.”
Jill felt suddenly relieved. She even smiled realizing her longtime dream of reuniting with her father was a reality.
“You may not want to smile after I tell you what’s going to happen,” Her father said softly, “you are restricted to the residence at the palace. There will be a tutor to continue your studies. I know a young lady needs to get her exercise and fresh air, so you’ll not be restricted to the residence all the time.  The palace has some fine walking paths through the gardens and a universal class gym.”
“Palace,” Jill asked, “Like the palace on Earth or in the fairy tales?”
“Yes,” Michael replied, “And yes you will meet my boss, who insisted that we take up residence in the palace. Don’t you get any ideas! That just happens to be the safest place on the planet, and the Queen wanted to make sure that we were safe. Speaking of us, it’s time to meet the rest of us.”
“Lisa?” Jill asked, “Grandmom told me about her.”
Wilson nodded before speaking again, “Computer would you have Lisa and Abby come in please?” 
The AI heard him and announced, when the door opened, “Lady Wilson, and daughter sir,”
“Daddy!” the four year started to run to her father as the door opened, then seeing Jill, she stopped cold before asking, “Who are you?”
“I am your big sister Jill.” Jill realizing that this was the small child she had seen in the biography that she had read on the ship, Jill asked as she bent down to the child to greet her sister for the first time, “Are you Abby?”
The tow headed child nodded shyly and hugged her mother’s leg. 
Jill stood up to meet her step mother for the first time. Jill saw a delta bioperson before her and like all the deltas she had ever seen it was personified in Lisa and then some. Her step mother stood about 5 foot 11. She had a perfect body.  She was stunned to see that pictures she had seen of her father and this woman, when they were twenty years younger, that Lisa didn’t appear to have aged at all. The woman standing before her didn’t appear to be the nearly fifty years old she knew her step mom to be approaching. To say Lisa was beautiful was an understatement. 
“Jill,” her father said softly, “this is Lisa, the lady I am married to.”
“I see,” Jill didn’t know what to say as she observed Lisa.
“Hello,” Lisa greeted her step daughter for the first time, “I guess you’ll be with us for a while.”
“I guess so too,” Jill answered. They awkwardly stared at each other both not knowing what to say or do until her father cleared his throat.
“Well let’s get your things,” Lisa looked down to her daughter and picked her up. Jill noticed that the child looked sleepy. Jill picked up her small bag.
When they left the office her father turned to a young maintenance trooper whose office they had borrowed, and thanked him. 
As they walked through the hangar to where the cars were parked, Jill couldn’t help but feel self-conscience with the ten body guards surrounding them. Some of the men in the detail were nothing less than eye candy.
Although she had been told by Aunt Mylea and her father that she would be staying at the palace she didn't know what to expect.  She expected a palace out of the fairy tales of her childhood, or possibly like some of the old castles she had toured with her classmates on field trips to Earth. She expected walls several stories high, with battlements across the walls, and turrets every so often. What she didn’t expect was a low wall not much taller than two people standing on top of each other. The wall was made of brick, and on top of it were some sort of art work. She couldn’t see what it was. She couldn’t see the palace grounds from street level, as the wall hid the grounds quite well.  She noticed that most of the buildings near the palace were no higher than one story. In fact as she looked out of the limo’s windows she noticed that most of the buildings in Trenaport were not more than a couple of stories tall. 
The limo pulled into an open gate which was flanked by a quartet of guards who were in the same type of uniform she had seen her grandmother, and father in when they were working in the field and not in the office. They pulled into the open gate which was closed after them. They were in a long corridor that went on for a couple of hundred feet with a gate at the other end. Jill didn’t understand what she was seeing; but she did notice the guards on top of the wall tracking the limo with their guns. That sent a shiver down her spine.  She realized then that things were tenser than her father had let on and the situation on the space station demonstrated.
Once out of the corridor, they entered onto the palace grounds proper and Jill was confused for a moment. She thought there would be a huge imposing building that was made out of marble and other heavy stones to impress visitors to the kingdom. Instead she saw a collection of buildings near the center of the grounds with several other buildings spread out among the grounds. All of the buildings were low to the ground. With the exception of the central buildings which were two stories tall and spread out a bit more than the others. The limo stopped before the right of a large building. Someone opened the door and they got out. They filed into a side door of the building under the cover of an overhang that would prevent prying eyes from seeing how many got out of the cars. 
“This must be Miss Jill,” a middle aged woman with coal black waist length hair greeted the party as they walked into the house. Most of the protective detail didn’t enter the building and had peeled off to be other places. Two took up positions on either side of the door, the red head who escorted them at the hanger stood a few feet behind her step mother. An older man seemed to stay a few steps behind her father. Jill saw movement out of the corner of her eye and saw the older woman from the landing craft move into a position behind her.
“Maggie,” Lisa turned to the woman who had spoken, “Yes, this is my step daughter Jill.”
“Welcome to Serenity, Miss Jill,” The woman greeted Jill with a slight bow. 
“Thank you,” Jill replied. 
A lieutenant came up to her father and spoke into his ear. He nodded and turned to her, “Got to go Jill, I’ll catch up with you.” He hugged Lisa and left. The older man who was shadowing her father left with him.
“Let me show you to your room,” Lisa offered.
Lisa led them through the spacious house that was bigger than the house Jill had lived in on Mars. It had a formal and informal dining room, a formal sitting room and a smaller casual room that the family could lounge in. There was a small study with book shelves lining the walls and two desks at opposite sides of the room.  There were four bedrooms. A very large master bedroom suite with a private bath, with a small nursery sandwiched between the master bed room and a smaller third bedroom. The fourth at the end of the hall was more of a dorm room than a bed room with two bunk beds at either end. Jill thought that was to be her room that she would share it with her half-sister, but Lisa led her to a fifth bedroom that seemed almost as big as the master suite. It didn’t have a private bath but it had a small sitting area with a sofa and desk. It was bigger than any bedroom than she had ever slept in.
“Miss Jill is there anything I can get you?” Maggie who had helped her step mother on the tour asked.
“No I’m fine,” Jill answered.
“By your leave Lady Wilson?” the woman asked.
Lisa nodded. After the woman left Jill asked, “How do you want me to address you?”
Lisa replied, “Abby calls me Mom, your father calls me Lisa. Either one is okay.”
Jill looked at the delta clone. Considering how her father’s wife had answered her. She reflected what some of her friend had called their step parents some had called them mom others by their first name. It didn’t seem right for her to call her step mother Lisa. Yet she wasn’t her mother either. But she was her father’s wife so she thought it was more appropriate that she call Lisa mom and asked, “How does mom sound?”
“That works for me!” Lisa said. She turned to the older woman who had been hovering around them since they had entered the home, “Jenny”
“Yes Lady Wilson,” the older woman came forward.
“I was hoping that my husband would do this,” Lisa said, “But duty calls. Jill this is Jenny. She is your protective officer. Any time you have to leave the grounds she’ll be with you. I don’t like it much but it is a fact of life.”
“Jill,” the woman said, “Jill my job is to keep you safe; but not to run your life. Hopefully over time you’ll hardly notice that I am there. We really want to be in the background. There but not there.
“I see.” Jill said not certain how to respond to her. 
“In time you will not even know I am here.” Jenny commented. 
Jill still didn’t know what to say. She knew that her grandmother always had an escort everywhere she went, and that most of her servants on Mars were retired IRS people. Now that she thought about it she remembered that her grandmother’s escorts were always armed.
“Jenny,” Lisa spoke into the silence. “We will not be going out this evening. Jill is restricted to the palace grounds unless I or her father is with her.  In the morning I think one of us will show her the grounds.”
“If you wish,” Jenny said, “I can do that.”
“We’ll talk about it,” Lisa said.
“Then if you don’t mind I’ll be hanging out in the bull pen,” the woman said.
“No problem,” Lisa said.
When they were alone Lisa shut the door to the bedroom, stealing herself, for what she had to say next. She didn’t want to do this but it was her job to help Jill get settled not her husband’s. She knew he would help; but running the house hold and taking care of the children had always been her part of the deal. Simply because they were living in the palace and had servants didn’t mean her duties as mother, wife, and housekeeper were over.
“I know your father grounded you,” Lisa began to speak, “You did something that scared the devil out of him. He was far more worried than he let on. He was also far angrier with you than he let on also.”
“Aunt Mylea said he was furious.” Jill said not wanting to challenge her step mother but trying to acknowledge that she had not done the brightest smartest thing she had ever done.
“He was that,” Lisa confirmed, “He did ground you but he left it open ended. Depending on you it can end sooner as well be longer. “
“I understand,” Jill said.
“I don’t want to be an ogre, or a wicked step mother.” Lisa continued, “It is not my style to be a bitch. So I want us to negotiate a couple of rules for your grounding and a couple for as long as you live with us. Is that all right with you?”
“I don’t know,” Jill held up her hand, “Until I hear them that is!”
“Fair enough,” Lisa said, “Although you are restricted to the grounds, you are really restricted to this building except for when me, or your father, take you out of here. Once or twice a day we’ll either take a walk, or go swimming in the palace pool. Every so often we might go the gym. But we’re going to be flexible. There may come a time when I need you to run an errand or watch over Abby for me. When you are not exercising there will be a couple of tutors to continue your education. Some of them were the Queen’s. Some of them are special hires from the Old Trena Boarding School. We found the best for you and so I hope that they are and you will enjoy the special opportunity that you are being given. Once your father is convinced you have learned your lesson you’ll be going back to school.”
Lisa waited to see if the girl was going to challenge her; but she didn’t. This stood her in good measure with Lisa.
“Is there anything you want?” Lisa asked, “I have thundered at you a bit and laid some laws down, do you have anything to say?”
“Mom,” the girl said, “All I want is to be with dad. You are a part of Dad so I don’t want to piss you off. I know Dad wants to ship me back to grandmom so I am not going to do anything to make that happen.” 
Both of them studied each other for moment then Lisa said, “Jill we have to make this a place a refuge for your father. This job is going to kill him with the stress and the pressure. The two of us have got to get along!”
“Mom,” Jill said, “I read about what is happening and what Dad’s job is. I don’t understand it all but from what I read it’s immense. If I can help him by not being a problem then I’ll do my best not to be that problem.”
All thoughts of her becoming an aid to her father were fading away. She realized it wouldn’t be possible. She made herself a vow to help her step mother to create the environment that she wanted for her home and her husband.
“Good enough,” Lisa replied, “Dinner won’t be until about 1900. Until then your time is your own. So you might get unpacked and wander a bit about the house.”
So Jill unpacked the one bag she had brought. It wasn’t much. When she had left Mars she had thrown some clothing in her school back pack not wanting to alert her grandmother that she wasn’t going to school.  She had a change of clothes and a couple of changes of under garments. A T shirt she had stolen from her father years ago that said imperial marines on it and had seen better days that she used as night shirt. It took a grand total of about ten minutes to empty her bag. Once that was done she poked around her bed room for a bit.
She walked to the window that looked out over the grounds of the palace. Because the building wasn’t extremely tall and her room was so close to the ground she couldn’t see much.  A privacy fence bordered a good size garden with all type of flowers that seemed to go clear around this portion of the house. She was tempted to go the garden, but remembered she was grounded. As she observed the garden she saw the woman who introduced herself as Maggie cutting various blooms and such. She wondered what she was going to do with them. She saw that the window had a padded place big enough to sit on and sat down. That was where she spent the rest of the afternoon.
As she sat in the window’s box seat she considered all that had happened to her over the last few days. The travel from Mars, and the incident with Thunder on Rio Lobo; but mostly she considered what her father had told her about her other grandmother. 
Heir to the Hazelton fortune, her father had said. She of course knew who the Hazelton’s were.  She just didn’t know that they were connected to her family. Hazelton was the name of the family that owned Earth Biological Engineering, mostly known as Ebio. They had made their fortune by rediscovering the method to create clones or biopeople as they called themselves. It had been lost for centuries when Earth had gone through a dark period. When religious zealots had taken over the Earth for a century or so a lot of technology had been lost. Especially in the biological sciences which had been prescribed by the religious rulers of Earth. Shortly after star flight had been discovered, Tomas Hazelton had also found the research on bioengineering and a few years later had developed the first clone. Years later he had been able to patent the whole process. 
But it wasn’t until Earth was colonizing other worlds and there weren’t enough bodies willing to go to these worlds, that Hazelton made his fortune. So Hazelton seeing an opportunity; developed a mass production of his process and soon thousands of clones were being produced. Although slavery was illegal in the fledgling empire, it had been determined that the owning of bioengineered beings was not slavery; as the bioengineered human beings were lab creations, and could be patented. This was how Hazelton made his first several millions. That had been five centuries ago. Now the fortune was worth literally trillions of imperials. 
So she was the heir to all of that. She was surprised that she hadn’t heard of it. That no one had mentioned to her that she was the heir to such a large fortune. Or for that matter when her father had been in the news like he was when he was made Knight Commander of the Earth Empire, the news media didn’t mention he was the heir to the Ebio fortune.  She then knew that her grandmother Wilson had been part of the conspiracy to keep this from her and now she suspected that her search for information about her father had been filtered so as not to tell her about their connection with Ebio. 
As she sat in the in the window box watching the sun set, she realized that she had assumed that it was her grandmother’s retirement that took care of them on Mars. It couldn’t have been now that she thought about it. Now as a retired two star admiral, her grandmother’s pension was nothing to sneeze at; but it was in no way sufficient to even pay for the upkeep on their large estate on Mars. Her grandmother had tossed it off as she had saved well when she was in the service and a couple of people had given her gifts for what she had done for them or their nation when she helped them. Her yacht had been the gift of a prince when her grandmother had flown the ship back to his world when his crew had become sick and the prince didn’t know how to fly it himself.
She thought back to her time on Mars and realized she had never wanted for anything. But she had never had extravagant things either. When she really wanted something she would have to negotiate with her grandmother and would have to earn it. Sometimes it meant extra chores around the house, or babysitting some kids of the students and instructors from PriFli, where her grandmother had been the commander. She had always had the things she needed, maybe not all the things she wanted but certainly the things she needed. 
As she sat in the window box going over what her father had said to her she kept coming back to one thing, that someone from the company she owned wanted her father and step mother dead. She wondered did that mean she was paying someone to kill her parents. Why did they want them dead? Did they want her dead also? 
“Jill,” A voice broke in on her thoughts. She turned and saw someone she had not seen in years. Lamile Atomi. When their parents had been stationed on Station thirty, and later when her father had helped to stand up the Companions they had been nearly inseparable. 
“Lamile,” She got up and ran over to where the six foot two Thonian stood. She hugged the slightly younger and taller alien girl. The only real difference between the two girls was that Lamiae’s hair was gray and she was taller with a huskier frame and the fact that she had four breasts instead of two. Even then in some outfits there was no real visual difference between the two species. Lamile had on a long sleeved blouse with a high neck line and an ankle length skirt that made her appear more like an earth girl than a Thonian. The clothing she had on covered almost every part of her. The skirt went almost to the floor, and the blouse was buttoned most of the way up exposing only her throat; but not her cleavage. Jill remembered other thonian girls who dressed the same way. Lamile was dressed modestly and chastely, as was the custom for unmarried thonian girls. This was the first time Jill had seen her friend since she had matured. “You look good!”
“So do you!” Lamile said. “You mad at me because I haven’t written?”
“Then shouldn’t you be mad at me for the same reason?” Jill asked. “Tell me what’s happened to you. How did you get here?”
“We came here are after my father’s death.” Lamile said, “Mom was lucky to be alive after that guy shot him. But even so the space force wouldn’t let her remain in uniform. So we came here.”
“Uncle Garth’s dead?” Jill asked. She remembered the quiet bear of a man who was her friend’s father. She remembered the times that Garth had tried to teach her Thonian. Of the times he gave her piggy back rides around the house. He was so gentle! That was the thing she remembered the most about him. He had been the deputy commander of the Companions. He and Aunt Mylea had been the first command team of the unit. She had been 9 at the time when they had stood up that unit. “I am so sorry. I’ll miss him. Your mother seems okay.”
“She shouldn’t even be alive, Jill.” Lamile said sitting down, “Often the death of a lifemate kills them both. The doctors think that because of the instance of dad’s death that it severed the Aqaut cleanly, and mom was not actively sharing Dad’s thoughts at the time she was not hit with the death shock. They don’t really know!”
“How is she really doing,” Jill asked. “I was surprised to see her this morning. Now doubly so!”
“She’s doing okay,” Lamile said, “I don’t get to see her much as she is spending so much time with the evacuation command. She seems to like it though.”
“Hey you girls coming to dinner,” her step mother poked her head into the room.
“Oh! I was supposed to get you,” Lamile said sheepishly. 
“Let’s go!” Jill said.
The two followed Lisa to the dining room where the rest of the family and Mylea were waiting for them. They ate a quiet dinner.
###
The next morning, Maggie was listening to one of the young women who helped her maintain the large house. “Maggie, I went to go into Miss Jill’s room thinking to clean it up but it was neat!”
“That should make you job easier then?” Maggie said a little exasperated. This was something that was good to hear but not something she needed to hear at the moment. She was in the middle of adjusting the week’s menu since Jill was around, she wasn’t sure she wasn’t going to have to go and get more groceries just to feed the young girl.  She had no idea what the girl liked or didn’t like.
“Oh that’s not the problem!” the maid said, “I thought I would get her things in the laundry. I found clothing hanging from a make shift clothes line. She took the drapery pull and had pulled it over to a chair and had hung her clothing on it. She doesn’t have much.”
“Oh,” Maggie said. “I wonder if Lady Wilson knows.”
“Knows what?” Lisa came into the kitchen where Maggie was working. They had planned to meet and go over the menus. It was one of the things that the two of them did every couple of days.
The maid told Lisa what she had found. Lisa asked her to show her what she had found. They went to Jill’s bedroom.  Lisa knocked on the door when there was no answer she went in. She found what the maid had said she had seen. They were about to leave when Jill came in.
“Hi mom,” Jill greeted her step mother wondering why she was in her room. 
“Thank you Joan,” Lisa dismissed the maid. The maid left allowing Lisa to speak with her step daughter in private. Lisa knew of course what the girl was doing. She had done it herself when she herself was on the run.
Lisa pondered what to do next. She was in a quandary if she had not been in the room when Jill had come back she would have found some other way to get the girl some clothing. She didn’t want the girl to think they were watching her every move. That would not be a good way to build the trust she needed to have with her step daughter. Finally Lisa said, “Jill we do have a laundry service here. All you have to do is put things in the hamper.”
“But I …” Jill started, “I didn’t know how long it would take and I…”
“Is this all you have?” Lisa interrupted the young woman.
“Yes,” Jill replied.
“Let’s take a walk,” Lisa asked. She knew how to fix the problem in the short term. They left the residence and walked across the well-kept grounds. It surprised Jill to see that the landscape was almost natural looking with woods and flowers everywhere. It reminded Jill of an arboretum. In time they came to the palace PX. It was a building stuck in a corner of the grounds and catered to the palace staff. Lisa had found it a week or so before when she was out for a walk. She had been out clearing her head. So much had been thrust into her life she had just needed to get away from things for a bit. Although Georgia had been with her she had been left alone in her thoughts.  It wasn’t that big; but she had been surprised to find it had a little bit of everything, including some clothing.
“What is this,” Jill asked.
“It’s a post exchange.” Lisa said, “We’re going to get you at least one change of clothing, and some under things.  Later we’ll go out to a place in town.”
“Lamile was telling me about a place called Molly’s where she gets her things.” Jill said as they went up the steps. 
“I’ve been there with her,” Lisa replied. She had treated the young woman to a shopping trip to Molly’s on her birthday. It had been Lamile’s suggestion. It had been a nice place, suitable for a young Thonian woman’s modesty. It was also a place that Lisa and Jill wouldn’t be expected to shop at. It was a small out of the way clothier in Mylea’s neighborhood. Not the glitzy place that she would be expected to shop at now that she was one of the Royals. “I think you’ll like it.”
They quickly made their purchases and left. As they walked back to the residence, Lisa spoke softly, “Jill I am sorry, I shouldn’t have entered your room the way I did. Joan found your clothes line, and she was telling Maggie when I walked in on them.”
Jill was quiet. Not knowing what to say to Lisa. Her grandmother had always let her have her space. She would never enter her room without first knocking unless the door was open. She suspected that a time or two her grandmother had been in the room when she wasn’t there but wouldn’t confront her with it. She learned to if not to hide things she didn’t want her grandmother to find, to make them harder for grandmother to find.
“Joan’s job is not to spy on you,” Lisa continued, “But if she sees something she will report it.”
“I know mom,” Jill said, her grandmother’s servants had done the same thing. 
“The next time,” Lisa said suddenly, “come to me so we don’t put Joan in a position where she has to report her observations!”
“Okay,” Jill said. 
The next morning Jill came into her room to find Joan dusting.
“Good morning Joan.” Jill said.
“Good morning, Miss Jill.” The maid said hesitantly.
“Thank you for looking after me so well,” Jill remarked, “I don’t know what Mom and Miss Maggie have told you but can we make a deal.”
“What type of deal?” Joan asked hesitantly.
“I’ll tidy up after myself,” Jill said, “and if I need anything to go to the laundry I’ll put it in this hamper. That way you won’t have to mess too much in here.”
“I still have to check the room.” Joan replied, “Miss Lewis will have my head if I don’t”
“I guess what I am saying is that I don’t need much looking after and if I need help with something I get you or ask for your help.” Jill asked her back was to the door as she spoke to the maid, she didn’t see Maggie stop and listen to the exchange, “Will that be all right with you?”
Joan who saw Maggie, hesitated for a moment as if thinking, watching her supervisor’s reaction. She saw Maggie nod and answered the girl, “Okay. This will be our secret.” 
Chapter 2: A Princess’ Arrival
Princess Carroll; arrived a couple of days ahead of the hospital ships and her marines. Her landing was unspectacular.  Although the Mists of Empire was the vessel the Emperor used when he traveled, no fanfare was made when it arrived in system. The call sign for the yacht was not the traditional call “Marine 1", in fact the call sign was that of its side number. Although the AI knew that the side number was that assigned to Earth Empire’s Head of State’s vessel, it noted that the filed flight plan mentioned only that the Commandant of the Marine Corps was aboard with a small staff.  The landing craft bearing Princess Alphine and her staff landed after dark at the Fletcher Militia Base. It wasn’t done deliberately it was just the way it happened.
A lieutenant from the VOQ met the party with a mini bus.
“General,” as the lieutenant escorted the princess’ party to the mini bus spoke to the princess. “I’ll be taking you to Quarters Six.  We have a guest house for visiting flag officers. We could take you to the Embassy if you prefer your majesty.”
“No, Quarters Six will be okay,” Carroll Alphine replied, “I don’t want to wake them and the embassy doesn’t need the bull shit my presence would entail. They have too much work to do.”
“Aye-Aye general,” the lieutenant replied. Once they were loaded with their bags, he nodded to the sergeant to drive them to Quarters Six.  Quarters Six was set in a remote part of the base. It was far enough away from the active flight line that generals and admirals wouldn’t be disturbed by the activity but close enough to headquarters to not be a long journey. Quarters Six was almost park like. With large homes and big lawns as befitted the men and women who ran Trena’s Militia, and the flag officers of foreign militaries that were based on, or visiting Trena. The driver parked before the main entrance of a large single story home that was all lit up.   The Lieutenant got out first leading the way. The Princess’ security detail followed the lieutenant into the building. They came out a few minutes later signaling their charge it was okay, and took up positions around the house as their charge stepped out of the bus and carried her bag into the house.
Once in the house she was wide awake and drifted into the study where there was a secure expert system. It was only 1400 on the ship she had just left, nearly 2200 at Trenaport. She spent until the early hours reading everything she could get on the situation. She was even given unprecedented access to secure and sensitive reports generated by the Crown Intelligence Service. She was surprised when she had been given such access. When she asked the expert system, it had simply told her that Lord Wilson had given her a Mountain Event Clearance, the highest clearance in the kingdom.  She was surprised to say the least, but she understood. The embassy had of course let Wilson and the Queen know she was coming in, and it had been made clear that she was not on an official visit. That she was on Trena as her father’s representative and to be a resource for the Queen of Trena and her people.
From what Mike had shared with her, she found that her old friend had gotten a start on what he had to do. He was checking the survey of the planet. He was getting a census done. He had people out checking nursing homes, hospitals, orphanages and the like. He had the Militia inventorying all the space and star capable vessels in the system. He still didn’t have a plan yet. Which didn’t surprise her, he had to determine what his exposure was, and what his resources were before he could start planning. Though she saw the glimmer of a plan it wasn’t ready to be published yet; but she could see where it was heading. All she had to do now was figure out how the empire could help them. 
As dawn broke a messenger arrived from the palace with an invitation for the general to breakfast with the Queen. The Princess told the messenger to wait, then asked the leader of her detail to come with her and went with the messenger to the palace.
The Queen met them in the entrance to her residence dressed in very casual clothes. She was dressed in sweat shirt and a casual pair of slacks. The princess felt over dressed, in her office dress uniform of a skirt, and blouse with basic insignia. No medals, or awards, just a comfortable business suit.
“I am so glad you could join me,” The Queen led her into the private residence, where her steward had laid out breakfast; “The Marshal may or may not join us. He usually takes breakfast with his family, and meets with me a little later.”
“That’s fine,” Carroll replied, “I wouldn’t want to disturb him this early anyhow.”
They sat down at the table and without any preamble the Queen asked, “Princess, my people need the empire’s help. I have several thousand souls in nursing homes that I can’t abandon. I can’t just ship them off to any place. I was hoping that the Interstellar Rescue Service and the empire could help me get them some place where they can continued their care and recovery.”
“Your majesty,” The princess said taken aback, she didn’t think that her invitation to breakfast was anything more than a social thing to acknowledge her social status. She hadn’t been aware that this young woman would be working to solve this on her own. She had for some reason thought that she would route everything through Wilson. “The empire is ready to assist your people in any way possible. I have a letter from my father to that extent.”
“Good,” The Queen replied, “Marshal Wilson will be glad to hear that.  Before you ask, Michael and I discussed your visit yesterday afternoon. He thought that it would be a good idea for me to ask you to help us evacuate our nursing home residents. We are aware that several hospital ships are en route to us.  We felt that would be a good use for them.”
“I see,” The princess was impressed. The Queen and Wilson were working as a team. The Queen was right to handle this matter of state. Asking the heir to a neighboring star nation to use their hospital ships was a diplomatic thing, something the Queen should handle herself. “You have them.”
“Thank you,” The Queen said as her steward poured their coffee. 
“How do you plan to move them?” The princess asked, “Do you have enough space lift to get them to the hospital ships?”
“Not medevac,” the Queen replied, “I think the crown boasts a total of maybe thirty medevac landing craft. The militia has ten multi casualty ships; but the bulk of the medevac is mostly owned by fire departments around the planet.  They are mostly two and four liter carriers. I’m not certain that we have enough surface transport to get them there. The Militia has forty or so armored ambulances; but not much more. I don’t want to tie up fire rescue resources transporting people to landing pads.”
“What about private ambulances,” the princess asked.
“We might have maybe a couple hundred throughout the throughout the continent. I think I saw somewhere that there are ten thousand nursing home patients  needing  skilled nursing escorts, but another thirty thousand will need just assistance to get on and off the transports.”
“Well each of the hospital ships has four multiple place medevac landing craft that will give us forty medevac landing craft. But the thing is not all the ships are due to arrive at the same time.” The princess said, “You know I have the attack Carrier Majestic in bound. It has a MASH unit with a full medevac component aboard. They are used to handling severe trauma. They will be here the day after tomorrow.  Will that give us enough time to get this planned?”
“Carroll!” a voice said behind them, the princess turned to see the man she had a crush on as young wet behind the ears lieutenant. “When did you get in?”
“About 22 last night,” the general replied, “I spent the last ten hours or so reading the sit reps. Thank you for letting me view them. I was surprised to see the classified ones that had Mountain Event labels on them. You had some problems didn’t you? How many cans did you actually find people stowing away in?”
“One too many,” Michael said sitting down. The steward approached and Michael asked for coffee. “Lisa said hi Aggie. She says she might be a little late for lunch. She is taking Jill shopping. The kid showed up with not much more than the clothes on her back.”
“Do I need to release some funds for her?” Carroll asked. She had gotten word that her ward was headed to Trena to be with her father. She was one of two people who were Jill Wilson’s financial trustees. “It wouldn’t take but a phone call.”
“Naw,” Michael replied, “Lisa can cover it. The boss has given me generous living expense account.”
“I might as well have I can’t spend it all!” The Queen remarked bitterly, her family owned Trena outright, and her ancestors had invested wisely. She was quite well off she would even make money on the evacuation as she owned stock in many of the companies building things for the evacuation.
“Let me know if you need anything for Jillian and I’ll see what I can do,” The general remarked.
“Me and the general were discussing medevac.” The Queen brought them back to what they were discussing before the Marshal arrived.
“Good,” Michael said as his coffee was poured. The two women brought him up to speed on what they had discussed. Wilson nodded making notes on a pad.  Soon they were on to other subjects.
Chapter 3: Lady Hawthorne’s Assignment
Lady Hawthorne was shown into the conference room that Wilson was using for an office a little later in the day. This was the first time they had met in person. She had called the palace and checked in with him every day. They had discussed what her girls had gotten done. So far Wilson had been impressed. In the few weeks that she had been part of his staff, she had organized a team of women to spot check the census. Actually sending women out to areas that looked fuzzy on the census and seeing what was actually there.  A couple of her girls had even started to find and catalog the Kingdom’s precious art. 
“Good afternoon milady,” Wilson greeted Lady Hawthorne.
“Please! It’s Dolores,” The noblewoman said, “And it is certainly not lady! My title such as it was left when Kevin left.”
“Okay Dolores,” Wilson said, “I’m glad you stopped by. How are things out your way? Do you need anything?”
“No we’re okay,” Dolores replied, “My girls have been able to bring a lot of stuff. Food, fuel, and things we need. The house is over flowing. If there’s anything I need is space to work. But I’ve got a handle on that too. I’ve turned a couple of barns into work centers. I sold all of Kevin’s race horses. A couple of the Dames have brought recreation vehicles we can use for offices. We’ll be okay.”
“Good,” Wilson said a little relieved. It looked like Lady Hawthorne had things well in hand. “How many girls do you have unassigned?”
“Maybe thirty,” She said, “Not just girls anymore either. A couple of my people are men whose wives left in the middle of the night also.”
“I wasn’t aware of that,” Wilson said. “That may be good as I am sure some of what you are going to do is not going to require strong backs.”
“Tell me about it,” Dolores replied, “Although some of my girls are very fit. Some even better built than some of the militia men I see around here; I don’t have enough brawn male or female some times to get things done. We’re getting a handle on things.”
“You up for a critical task,” Wilson asked.
“I guess so,” Dolores replied, “What you got?”
“We’re going to start evacuating critical nursing home patients in the next couple of days.” Wilson responded, “Your girls have done a good job of putting the list together, now we have to organize how to do it.”
“Oh this’ll be fun,” Dolores said, “what is it you want us to do.”
“Starting at 0700 Monday the Imperial Marine Corps will be lifting the most critically ill off world. They and their surviving families will be transported to a hospital ship and then taken to an Imperial world where a military evacuation hospital will take charge of them and see that they are resettled.” Michael said.
“Okay,” Dolores said, “What about their personal belongings?”
“The first ones to go will be those patients that are sole survivors, and or whose spouse is in a nursing home too. That will give us time to identify those whose families are still around and get their things packed.” Wilson said.
“Okay,” Dolores said, “So I’ll have the marines to evacuate these souls. Who will I coordinate this with?”
“An IRS admiral by the name of Klond; she’s another old friend of mine. She’s the surgeon general for the Interstellar Rescue Service. She’s good people. She’ll be down sometime Monday with the first wave.”
“Where will they be landing?” Dolores asked.
“In the park outside of town will be their main landing site.” Wilson said.
“Anything else sir,” Dolores asked, she wanted to get back to her kids and get things moving on this assignment.
“Dolores,” Wilson said, “Thank you for coming in. I take it you have everything you need for this assignment?”
“I think so,” Lady Hawthorne replied, “Oh who decides which nursing home goes first?”
“You do, and before you ask, you make up your mind as why when and how.” Michael replied.
“Okay,” Dolores said, “I’ll have something to you by Sunday night.”
“Thank you Dolores,” Michael escorted the noblewoman to the door and turned back to the conference table that served as his desk.
As she drove back to her estate she made a couple of calls the first one to her estate, “French let me speak to Lady Hollingsworth.”
“Hi Delores,” The noble woman’s face floated over the dash board of her town car, “How did it go with the Marshal.
“He gave us more work.” Delores said as the intelligent traffic control system drove her car to the estate. “We have to take our nursing home census and then get the patients ready to be evacuated.”
“Lovely,” the older woman who nominally Delores second in command commented, “I’ll get the girls who did the census to get started to the homes.”
“Slow down Leila.” Delores commanded, “Just find out who we have and you might want to reach out to some of the other nobles and look at that list of volunteers we’ve been making up.”
“All right,” the woman replied. “Anything else?”
“Just make sure everyone knows this has to be done by Monday when the IRS will be coming to effect the lift.” Lady Hawthorne answered.
“Will do,” Leila signed off.
Chapter 4: Landing Drill
“Now hear this,” The PA system bellowed in every compartment and work space aboard the 10 mile long attack carrier. The Majestic had been carved out of a nickel iron asteroid twenty years before. The carrier paid for its own construction with the high quality nickel steel that had been mined from the piece of sky junk as compartments, hangers, the three flight decks, and all the other places and things an attack carrier needed to take war to an adversary. “Set Condition Foxtrot throughout the ship. Prepare to launch boats!”
Bedlam broke out on the carrier’s flight decks as the line crews ran to the ready flights. 4 fighter space craft always ready to launch at a moment’s notice. They were hot on the launch rails needing minimum work to put them into space.  As they reached the ready birds the word filtered down, hold the ready flight and begin getting the 88th Heavy Lift Squadron ready to launch. This caused its own set of turmoil as the Double 8 Ball was never ready for instant launch. Several of the landing craft were in ready mode needing minimum work to get them flight ready; but for the most part the 88th Heavy Lift Squadron was never intended to be used as a fast reaction force. As the line crews began to swarm over the Double 8 Ball’s space craft preflighting the immense LC10 Galaxy Lifter landing craft. Load Crews were surprised to find load up orders for Lifesaver armored ambulances, jeeps, and medevac ambulances. 
“Hey chief,” a load crew chief called to a flight line chief, the NCO responsible for getting his bird ready to fly, “What is this some sort of mass casualty drill? The only thing we’re uploading is med shit.”
“That’s what flag quarters are calling for.” The chief said, “Make sure that the jeeps are ready to go first.”
An hour later the flight crews were finishing their briefing.  The Double Eight Ball’s briefing room was packed shoulder to shoulder and nearly standing room only. Usually the wing’s entire compliment of one hundred flight crews was never briefed at the same time. Usually only 25 or so crews were ever launched from the Majestic in one operation. Rarely did the entire wing make a lift at the same time. This was only the fourth or fifth time on the six month cruise that the carrier had generated the entire wing.
“Okay crews,” The Commander of the on board Space Air Group (CSAG), stood before his crews, “We’re almost over. You have been studying Trena since we got our orders. You know what our mission is. You will have a small contingent of SpecWars with you.  They are there for your passengers’ safety. They have a simple rule of engagement. If anyone tries to stop the loading of your passengers they will be shot. Marshal Wilson has endorsed those Rules of Engagement. The ROEs allow deadly force to be used when your patients are threatened. That includes preventing you from lifting. You have permission to fire on any space or air craft that prevents you from landing or lifting. If you are challenged your code phrase is Quebec and a number between 1 and 7 they should reply Quebec and give you an answer that adds up to 10.  But you will only authenticate if you are challenged. They will ask you to authenticate Quebec 7. Should you return Quebec 3. If the numbers don’t add up to ten you should request Authentication Lima. This will bring Space Air Defense controllers in to sort it out. Your instructions are to go for orbit.  If fired upon you will return fire but only to get your butts to safety.  If you get bounced yell rape fight your way to orbit and let the militia bloody a few noses. 
“Yeah I know you’re fat wallowing landing craft and fair game for anything that has fangs.” Captain Worley responded, “Your nose and tail guns will be uncadged. You should get your licks in. You are not to dog fight! Punch your way through and get to orbit. The medics and patients you will have aboard are more important than your victory record.” The captain saw movement at the back of the briefing room and called, “Attention on deck!”
The crews in the briefing room thundered to their feet as Admiral Klond, the longest serving officer in the uniform of the Imperial Armed Forces, walked down the aisle followed by two immense aides/body guards. Normally Admiral Klond didn’t travel with both her aids. They were former SpecWars medics, now on permanent reassignment to the Admiral, and were intimidating just standing beside her. No one wanted to mess with her.
“As you were,” The admiral called in clear voice that held no hint that she had just celebrated her 91st birthday. She turned to face the assembled men and women of the 88th Heavy Space lift wing, all one thousand or so of them. “I won’t keep you long,” she said, “We’ve got work to do. As you participate in this mission, I want you to keep in the back of your minds, that these people could be any of your family members. Some of them, many of them, may be retired IRS people and marine officers and enlisted personnel who have retired to Trena. Your call sign is Nightingale flight. For those of you who barely passed history; Nightingale is the name of a legendary nurse of the second century Pre Empire. She was an awesome and dedicated nurse who knew her stuff. She made sure her patients were well taken care of. You will do the same. 
“Who’s got Nightingale One,” The admiral asked.
A bull dog of a man stood up near the back of the room. “I do ma’am”
“May I ride with you commander,” The admiral asked. Although she was the chief surgeon of the IRS, aboard the Majestic her authority lay only in the ship’s medical section.  The medical section was more than a ships sick bay, it was a complete trauma center.  It had to be.   It had to be able to handle the thousands of casualties caused by a major engagement. Although she could assign herself to a landing craft, more so since this was a medical mission, she asked for permission to ride the lead boat. 
“Nightingale 1 will be honored to have you aboard Admiral.” The man replied, “May we fly your pinnate?”
Admiral nodded, “Shall we get on with it.”
“You heard the lady!” The CSAG said softly, “Man your boats.”
With that command, the wing began filling out of the briefing room. Within minutes the flight crews were on the flight deck double checking the work of the flight line crews. 
The crew chiefs of each bird went over the loading with the load master of their landing craft. Although the line chiefs were responsible for the loading, the crews of the load teams were also responsible for how the landing craft was loaded; the load masters were ultimately responsible for the load on their birds. They wouldn’t fly until the load master of each bird was happy with the way their bird was loaded. Even the pilots knew better than to challenge a load master.   
The flight engineers checked the space craft over, going over the gripe list with the flight line chiefs. Finally the pilots having completed their checks, they signed the master receipt, accepting full responsibility for the space craft. When they signed off they stated that the landing craft was mission ready. The load master would be last one to sign off on the receipt.  It was his job to ensure that the ship was ready to move.  Although usually only a petty officer, the Load Master was the mission commander aboard the landing craft as his cargo was the reason for the mission.  Almost in unison the one hundred landing craft crews reported ready for launch.
Now the ballet began. The wing was parked in loading spots on the flight deck angled into docking collars that ran the sides of the hanger.  These docking collars allowed the landing craft to be loaded without pressuring the bay during major combat operations.  It allowed fast and furious loading without slowing the pace of operations. Some days the wing would be generating a landing or take off every thirty seconds.  During those operations it was safer and easier on operations to leave the bay open to space. Today the bay had been left pressurized to assist in the movement of heavy equipment, and the preflight of the landing craft. Although the line crews could work in a no atmosphere environment, it had been discovered leaving the flight deck pressurized as long as possible was beneficial in the end run. There were fewer accidents, and the quality of the work went up. It was worth the added time to depressurize the two mile long quarter mile wide, and two hundred foot tall hanger/flight deck. Each landing craft was a 300 foot long. They were more boxy than slender. Because of this, moving them around became a challenge even in the large flight deck that they were hangared in. Each landing craft had to be backed out of its loading point so as not to damage the one across from it. Then they were turned onto the launch track. It was amazing to watch this ballet of men and machines. 
A tow tractor pulled the landing craft out of its spot, while another one pulled it forward. As it was pulled forward the main passenger hatch opened and the load master stood in the air lock watching the tow tractor spot them. The launch crew made another quick wipe down of the landing craft doing a final check of the hatches, and inspection ports. The launch chief flashed thumbs up to the load master who shut and locked an air lock near the nose of the landing craft for flight. One by one the red ribbons of the safety pins were handed to the launch chief.
“Nightingale Flight one I count ten ribbons, and show you at 210,000 pounds light.” The line chief called seeing the last of his crew scurry out of from under the immense landing craft seeing that the chains holding it to the launch shuttle were secured. The shuttle wasn’t a catapult system, but a guide system, to ensure the landing craft made it to the end of the flight deck without colliding into a wall. A moment of inattention by the flight crew who was being bombarded by information could prove to be disastrous. The pilot flashed the running lights twice and the launch chief stomped on a pedal that caused the deck under him to descend one level and caused the AI controlling the flight deck to make its last safety checks. In the space of a second ensuring that the launch crew had gripped their safety handles, that the blast shield was up and rigged, and that the area was safe for launch. All this took place from the time the chief hit his pedal and the top of chief’s helmet sank under the flight deck.  As soon as the chief’s head cleared the deck the Launch AI told the Landing Craft’s AI to go. Before the Pilot, Copilot and Flight engineer pressed their launch buttons the landing craft was flying like a bat out of hell down the launch track. 
The launch chief cheated death one hundred and two times. When the flight deck was clear of the last bird, he walked over to primary flight and entered the compartment. He walked over to the launch boss, once there, he saw on the wall near Commander Stone’s work station where she controlled everything happening on the flight deck the chief marked off another box on the chart by his name. Each number represented how many launches a chief had participated in. He had just marked 4,999.
“Damn just one more launch and I get to retired!”
The commander looked at the chart took up a crayon and marked off the last launch. This would be the first chief she had ever known to make it through 5,000 launches. Of the thirty launch chiefs on the Majestic, Chief Borders was the only one who had made it this far. The third most dangerous job on the ship was shared by thirty chiefs many being promoted into the job from the launch crew shortly after the death of their crew chief. The chief was so close that one didn’t matter. The chief nodded at the commander and had to sit down quickly to keep his feet from going out from under him when he realized that he had, had 5000 opportunities to be killed; it was almost too much for him to deal with.
Like a flock of geese the landing craft began to descend to Trena. In ten flights of ten looking for all the world like water fowl as they flew from winter to summer habitats. But these fowl were anything but animal. Loaded as they were with medics and ambulances they were not birds of prey but angels of mercy. As they flew down to the doomed planet, Space Air Superiority fighters nick named Sassies rose up from the planet and intercepted them.  Authentication signals were passed, having received the right pass codes, the Sassies allowed the landing craft to enter the space defense zone. As they did they were contacted by Evacuation Command.
“Nightingale flight,” The voice called over the space control channel, “This is the Evacuation Command Controller. I have your assignments. Stand by for tasking.”
The tasking had come through just moments before. It had taken Lady Hawthorne’s girls all weekend to do their job. The nursing homes had been identified. The rough part had been determining who met Marshal Wilson’s criteria.  They had to be critically ill, on life support, but not too ill to survive the transport to the hospital ships and wouldn’t die in transit and who were expected not to be able to get off life support shortly after arrival to their new world.  In other words if they were expected to die soon, they were not going to be transported. Those that met those conditions should be the last member of their family, single adults who were in the nursing home because they had no other family members to care for them. Yet not expected to be well enough to help with the evacuation. Lady Downs grouped her nursing home people in four categories, expectant, people so ill they were going to die anyway. Critical, people so sick they were on life support but the prognosis was good, that within days or hours they would be stepped down to serious. Serious, were people who still needed daily nursing supervision for medications, and couldn’t help themselves. Ambulatory were people who could mostly get around on their own and needed some help either with things like bathing, and putting on their clothes, or just being reminded to take their medications.  Of the four groups 10 percent were critical, 30 percent were serious, and 45 percent were ambulatory fully 15 percent of the nursing home patents were expectant.  Lady Hawthorne’s girls had come up with a plan for that.  Lady Hawthorne had asked if it was okay to group all these patients in one location.  She wanted to set up a hospice.  Wilson said do it and made arrangements to bring down an evacuation hospital. 
The problem then was how to move them.  Not how to move them but when.  A couple of Lady Hawthorne’s girls had experience in the emergency medical services. One had simply said, “We’ll do it the way we do in the trauma center.  We’ll make them comfortable, but they’ll be the last one we’ll move. The medevac teams are used to this. They deal with this in their daily working lives. Stabilize the patient, assess if they need extreme measures; but are stable to ship the ones that can be helped and gotten back into the battle.”
Lady Hawthorne had been shocked to hear that. It sounded barbaric to her; but she knew that was the way it had to happen. Else no one would be saved. She had always heard of triage, but had never expected to be this up close and personal with it.
The tasking order matched up resources to missions. The LC-10s were not all loaded alike.  Some held four immense Lifesaver armored ambulances which were full life support vehicles. They were capable of handling 25 patients needing critical care and life support.   Others held eight smaller and more agile Litter Bugs. Small hover craft equipped to hold eight seriously wounded people or sixteen ambulatory soldiers. Still others held the evacuation hospital. Some of the landing craft carried a mix of vehicle types. The load outs were not made known to Evacuation Command until they left orbit. Now the tasking unit was busily matching missions to resources. 
“Attention Nightingale flights thirty through fifty. Switch to button two and call landing control for vectors to your LZ.” The controller called watching the holographic display in front of her. Twenty landing craft blinked from green to yellow and showed a 2 on them.  Next to them was the current load out of the units. All of them held the 1052nd Evacuation Hospital. They were being directed to a meadow north of the city where a park had been about to be finished and opened to the public. Now it would be turned into an evacuation hospital where the hospice would be set up.
“Attention Nightingale flight. All even numbered landing craft on this channel go to button three and call for Evac North,” The controller called again pointing to a controller sitting half way across the room. Another series of landing craft flashed from green to yellow. “Attention remaining Nightingale flights go to button four and contact Evac South.” A controller across the room waved as the last landing craft changed colors.
“Thank you nightingale flights, this is Evac South,” The controller for Evac South called, “Nightingale one your LZ is at grid two niner five six three. Offload all four of your LifeSavers they will be needed at Trenaport Nursing. I am uploading information now.”
“Nightingale 1 copies and en route,” The pilot, Commander Ancient replied.
“I’ve got it boss,” The copilot called after working with the landing craft’s AI to determine where the LZ was. Both the AI and the Copilot had to agree that this was the LZ. The AI acted as a navigator among other things.
“Skipper,” The AI called, “Come to a heading of 270. You are one hundred miles out and at angle 70. I’ve checked with AirCon we’re in a corridor all our own.”
The commander was hand flying the space craft, instead of letting the AI fly it in. They were treating this as a combat mission.  Unless both pilots were incapacitated, the AI wouldn’t fly the space craft; even then the hardened nearly indestructible AI wouldn’t fly the ship unless its primary flight control interface was at 80%.  He brought the ship on course and began a hostile landing LZ.
“The LZ is the front driveway of a fire station.” The AI continued, “It is LC-10 rated. I am in contact with the Trenaport Fire and Rescue Dispatcher. The dispatcher has the Fire equipment out of the house and blocking the approaches.”
“Strobe,” The copilot called he had been looking out the window searching the ground for the LZ, a strobe light was alternating green and red, the interstellar signal for a make shift landing zone. “Ten O’clock low.”
“Landing stations,” The flight engineer toggled the siren and strobes in the cargo bay. This alerted their passengers that they would be landing momentarily. In the cargo bay of the LC-10 the load master checked for the thousandth time the quick releases on the hold downs for the load. Low and high tech were the devices of choice. The chains were hooked to the tow rings on the ambulances; but a superconducting magnet held the other end to the deck of the bay. A quick kick to the handle on red hold down would break the shackles on all of the ambulances. The ramp gunner was standing by the front hatch controls. The minute the landing craft landed she would pop the hatch and the load master would pop the release, as the bell rang the APCs powered up. They were straining at the chains, as if they were chained beasts, so that when the door was opened and the chains released in a well-practiced routine, they would have the hold empty in thirty seconds. 
###

He was standing in the empty equipment bay. He was there to make sure no one walked onto the apron where the landing craft from IRS was going to land when he saw her. He recognized her immediately. She was one of the newer street kids who seemed to hang around the neighborhood. He didn’t think she was a long time street kid as her clothes didn’t look as tattered or dirty as long time street kids did. She was a little cleaner than the others. He suspected that she hadn’t been on the streets that long.one of the few that didn’t seem to get into much trouble. 
	“Mitch!” Fire Fighter Stan Masters called he was pointing to the sky, “Come over here!”
	She looked into the skyfire fighter who was pointing to the shy. She looked up and saw an immense the llanding craft. It  that seemed appeared to be landing on herto be landing on top of her. She looked back to the fireman who was now waving for her to join him. She took the hint and joined him. She ran to where the fireman was standing just in side the fire truck garage.

	She stood with the fire fighter as the immense landing craft landed on the front driveway of the fire house. Valerie Mitchum had never seen anything like it. She watched open mouth as the immense ground to orbit vessel settled to the ground as if it were a feather.  As Seconds after it had landed she stood awe struck as she witnessedsaw the landing craftvessel opened hatches on either both end of it. It had barely landed when vehicles of all types exploded out loading ramps as the landing craft emptied its cargo bay of vehicles in secondsthe ship.
	The fire fighter who was standing with her commented, “The IRS sure knows how to make an entrance don’t it?”
	“Yes,” Mitch replied.
	“You have breakfast yet Mitch?” Stan asked.
	“No,” Mitch replied. She hadn’t had breakfast yet and was hoping to scrounge some from a pantry that catered to the homeless population.
	“Come on,” He led her into fire fighters’ dining room and sat her down at their table. “They’ll be a bit before they lift, long enough to get you some food!”
Mitch wasn’t about to argue as the fire fighter’s meal would be heads and tails over that of the free pantry.

###
	The four LifeSavers had two different destinations. Both of them were to downtown nursing homes. The one carrying Admiral Klond headed for the oldest and most well-known nursing home on the planet. Trenaport Nursing had started out four centuries ago as the fledgling colony’s clinic. As the colony expanded, and the village became a town, then a small city and finally the capital city of the solar system, the nursing home evolved from a clinic to a medical center, then down to a nursing home.  In its current configuration it had been a nursing home for nearly 100 years. The current owners had remodeled the building a bit, had updated some systems; but had left the old emergency services entrance intact. Many of their patients came in via an ambulance of some sort. The emergency entrance became the intake department of the three hundred bed nursing home. It was well suited to the purpose of processing patients.  This is where Camellia Downs had set up her work stationoffice.
	Camellia was one of Lady Hawthorne’s ladies. Her husband had been the administrator of a large medical center not too far from where she now stood. When they had been first married she had been his office administrator running his office. She had learned how to handle both patients and the medical staff who treated them. A few days ago her husband had simply committed suicide.  She had been devastated. He didn’t leave a note; but when she went to get some groceries for her kids she found that the account was empty.  She later found out he had owed several hundred thousand crowns in gambling debts.  Because of his suicide the life insurance she had expected to help out after his death wasn’t paid to her.  She was starting to sort it all out trying to figure out what she would do next when somehow Lady Hawthorne found out about her situation and called her. After their conversation she had piled the kids in the car and had driven out to the Hawthorne estate. Thirty minutes later she was on her way back to Trenaport nNursing with instructions to get the Trenaport Nursing Home ready for evacuation.
	Now as she waited for the first of the ambulances to show up she was weary from the 72 hours she had been on her feet getting this center ready for evacuation. It had been both more and less work than she expected.
The first obstacle had been the facility’s Manager who had been waiting for her and her team with his lawyer.
“I am Camellia Downs,” the middle aged woman greeted the party before her, “I have been asked by her majesty to evacuate your residents!”
“Byron Middleton,” the younger of the two men said, “I am the home’s manager this is my attorney. I am afraid I can’t let you do that. They all have contracts with Trenaport Nursing. I am responsible for their care!”
“How do you propose to get them to safety?” Camellia had asked.
“We are renting a liner and will be taking them to Crestwell,” the man said, “Which is specified in our disaster plan.”
“What is the ship’s name,” Camellia had asked. Thankful, that they had at least started their disaster plan. It would make her job easier. Maybe she wouldn’t have to do much here.
“We’re still in the process of lining one up,” the other man replied. “A lot of star lift has become suddenly unavailable including our contract carrier’s ships.”
“Monday,” Camellia rebutted, “Several hospital ships, from the IRS will be in system to evacuate all residents in nursing homes, and hospitals. I am to coordinate the evacuation of your residents and their families to the hospital ships and to the empire.”
“I am afraid I can’t let you do that,” the other man spoke, “the contracts state that for at least a year, or until such a time as the person’s physician declares the individual to not need skilled nursing care, they are my client’s responsibility. Here’s copy of the contracts.”
Camellia read the contracts. Not believing what she was reading.  It hadn’t been simple. Even using the guidelines she had been briefed to use there had been a problem from the get go. She and her five man team had shown up near sunset on Friday with orders from the Marshal to get this home ready for evacuation. The first problem was that the nursing home owner wasn’t about to hand over her patients.  They represented cash, and her only income. She had told Camellia that these people had a contract with her that required them to pay her for their care regardless for the rest of the contract period. Some of the serious patients had one year contracts. Camellia read a couple of the contracts, looked at the pairowner with contempt, and then called the number she had been given. She almost had a heart attack when the phone was answered by the Queen’s Attorney. She explained the situation to the Queen’s Attorney who asked to speak with the nursing home owner.  The Queen’s attorney simply and elegantly said, “The Crown has nullified all such contracts you are out of business, and Mrs. Downs is now is in charge of your facility. Good day.”
	What Camellia hadn’t known was that each team leader and the members on the team had been hand pickedhandpicked for their back ground, and their ability to make decisions. They all had experience in patient care and had at one time or another helped to manage a congregate care facility. The Queen’s Attorney had been briefed on each of the team leaders, and had told his law clerk to let the team leaders through to him anywhere he was. His instructions from the Queen, and the Marshals office had been simple. Remove legal road blocks where ever they occurred that prevented the nursing home patients from being evacuated.
The two men were about to say something, when Camellia said, “You can either help get your charges to safety or you can leave. I don’t care which!”
Realizing they couldn’t stop what was going to happen. They disgruntledly decided to assist her.
The first step was to get a census of the nursing home. Camellia needed to know who was in the home, what their conditions were, and how to contact families. Camellia turned that over to Lady Hawthorne, who had hired an artificial intelligence to help make the notifications.

Once the census was done, their next job was to go to each resident and advise them of what was going on.	Their next operation was the triage. Camellia and her team then visited each patient in the nursing home.  With the nurse supervisor for each of the wards in tow for each of the six wards each and every one of theAll three hundred of the nursing homes patients. Most of the residents were cognizant and understood what was going on. There were quite a few of the residents were in the nursing home for extended physical or occupational therapy.
“What about my family?” more than one resident asked.
“We are contacting your family,” the worker replied, “They will be evacuated with you. They’ll be on the same ship.”
 Other residents were so out of it they had no idea of what was going on. In such cases the team had Lady Hawthorne’s phone bank contact the resident’s family, explained the situation to them and got permission to evacuate them and tell the family where to report for their own evacuation.  Quite a few residents were the soul surviving member of their family that was why they were in the nursing home to begin with. Many were so ill that they were being cared for by hospice nurses. Those residents would be the last people to be evacuated from the home. Residents who were able to helped get themselves ready to be evacuated.
The whole nursing home was in turmoil. The residents were in turmoil, the nursing staff was also in turmoil. They had never practiced the homes evacuation plan, and it wouldn’t have made a difference had they practiced it. The plan called for evacuating the home to other homes in the case of fire or other catastrophic event that took down the nursing home. Slowly order came back to the nursing home. Well almost, the nursing administrator got Camellia aside late on Saturday.
“Mrs. Downs,” Fred Thorton the nurse administrator for the nursing home motioned for her to come into his office as she passed by. Camellia came into the office bracing herself for the nurse’s next piece of bad news. “Shut the door please.”
Camellia shut the door now doubly concerned about what the nurse was going to say.  He had been a godsend during the event so far. He had called in all his people and didn’t quibble about paying them even when the owner threw fit over it. His staff had proven that they knew what their job was, taking care of people. They had plenty of help to get everyone ready to go. In addition to packing each resident and their room they had to check each and every resident’s medical records. They couldn’t have done it without this man’s people.
“Mrs. Downs,” the man said hesitantly, “I need to ask you something and it may have to stay among us.”
“Oh,” Camellia responded.
“I have been asked about my staff’s own evacuation,” Thorton stated, “I have been asked by almost all of my people when will they be evacuated.”
Camellia was quiet for a few minutes before taking out her communicator.
“Lady Hawthorne,” she said into the device, soon lady Hawthorne’s image floated above the communicator.
“Delores,” Camellia spoke to the noble woman, “I am sitting with Fred Thorton, the Trenaport Nursing Home’s director of nursing, discussing his staff. Once the home is evacuated his staff will be out of a job and may not be able to find work. What are we to tell his staff?”
“You are not the only one who’s asking,” the noble woman was saying as she appeared to turn to look at Thorton. “We made a mistake in our planning. We’re just realizing that now. It was brought to our attention that the empire does not have enough nursing staff to care for your residents at their destination. So we’ve decided that your staff and their families will be evacuated as well. Tell them they are to pack one bag for each family member, to bring their meds and their vital papers and be ready to be evacuated. They’ll get their actual embarkation orders sometime tonight or tomorrow. We’re hoping to get them on the same ship as their charges.”
“Thank you,” Thorton replied, “I’ll get the word out.” 
With that issue dealt with, they continued getting the home ready to be evacuated. They packed up the residents rooms. Some they decided to wait until Monday so as to limit some turmoil. Camellia and Thorton knew that there was no way to avoid some turmoil. Although issues that plagued nursing home residents in the past, there were some new variations of those same issues. Dementia the primary issue! Thought to have been wiped out in the early first century before empire, it had been making a serious come back. Dementia occurred mostly among recovering crazy dust addicts. A serious side effect of the drug was addicts become very mentally unstable from using the powerful drug. Even recovered addicts sometimes still exhibited signs of mental illness. There was one whole ward that was locked down that they hadn’t done much more than see who they were, made sure their records were up to date and who their families were if they were not the only survivors of their family. had to be identified. The team split into three two people teams, who with one hundred patients records each made sure the records were accurate. Most of them were. The crown had in recent years been cracking down on nursing homes. Some had pulled scams of legendary proportions the crown had rewritten large sections of the Human Resources code to prevent fraud from happening. Therefore most of the records were updated and accurate. Where they weren’t it was a simple matter of the latest update not having been added to the records.  TThat took most of Saturday and Sunday. Then late Sunday through early morning hours of Monday the team double checked their work. They began started the task of making up the getting people ready to go and mresidents’ embarkation schedule for the ambulances.  
Reversing the criteria they started working up a movement plan. The ambulatory, followed by the serious, followed by critical. The theory being; the more ambulatory could be moved faster than the most serious. The ambulatory needing less attention than the serious would be able to be loaded more quickly and unloaded faster. This was why there were two buses parked just off the ambulance bay. 
	It was with some relief when she saw the armored ambulances pull up to the back entrance of the home and she watched as an old women wearing an IRS uniform walk down the ramp to the large vehicle with the traditional red cross on its sides. She didn’t know much about the military; but she knew what the stars on the woman’s collars meant. She was the person in charge.
	“Hello,” the older woman greeted Camellia, “I am Doctor Klond.” 
“Camellia Downs,” The weary noble woman offered her hand. 
The doctor took the offered hand and asked. “What do you have for us?”
	“A lot of bodies,” Camellia said handing the old woman a complete roster of who was going. Michelle looked it over, not surprised that the least serious were going first. It made sense to her. She handed the clip board to Snatch, the shorter of her two body guards, shorter being relevant for the six foot two inch tall marine, “Snatch there’s your loading plan.”
	“Aye-Aye,” He said looking at the people who were lined up in the hallway. A quick check of the name tags on them matched the first couple of names on the list. Satisfied he nodded to the medics. They were all EMTs; none of them were doctors or nurses. They needed people who were used to working quickly with what they had to stabilize a patient; to get him to the hospital where the real work could be done. Several centuries before all of the medics would have been board certified trauma doctors. Soon a line of people on crutches, and anti gravity chairs were moving out the door of the intake center. Those able to carried a small bag of their things with them. Unknown to all of them the crown had made each of them a grant of 10000 crowns for their resettlement expenses once they were released from nursing care. The money came out of emergency relief fund, and the Queen’s personal fortune. The crown had already made arrangements to cover the expense of their treatment on what ever world they would end up on. 
The Queen had simply said “There’s no use in protecting the crown’s treasury, or my personal fortune, what ever these people need they get”.
 The Queen was a billionaire several times over. As the last remaining heir to the MacAlisterMcAlister fortune, the family surname of the royal family, she literally owned most of Trena. Only those portions that had been sold did she not own directly, and even those defaulted to the Crown should there be no heir to receive the property.
###

	As Valerie Mitchum waited for breakfast she watched the activity around the space ship.
	“What’s going on Stan,” Valerie Mitchum asked the firefighter as he set a plate of bacon and eggs before her in the fire house’s kitchen.
	“The evacuation command has ordered the evacuation of nursing homes,” the firefighter replied. “The empire is providing us with the means to do this.”
“When did this all come about?” Mitch asked.
“Over the weekend,” the fireman answered. “The empire is going to transport all of our nursing home patients to hospitals in the empire. All of our nursing home residents will be taken to the empire with their familyparents. They’ll be split between several worlds.”
“Oh,” Mitch commented, “are they taking any of their things?”
“Just clothing,” The firefighter answered, “The Queen is giving them a grant of a thousand crowns.”
As she was talking Mitch continue to eat. This wasn’t the first time in the last couple of weeks since she had ran away from the shelter, that the firefighter of eight’s, had treated her to a meal. As she thought of the reason she had to leave the shelter she shuddered. It had been early one morning while she was taking a shower when three girls surrounded her and had proceeded to assault her, the last thing remembered was one of the girls was on top of her as she felt fingers of one of the girl’s exploring between her legs she passed out as the fingers were replaced by something she couldn’t quite figure out what. When she awoke alone in the shower room, she was sore and feeling strange, especially between her legs, she hesitantly showered praying no one else would walk in on her.  Once showered and dressed, she quickly took some of her clothing and her guitar and left the shelter. She was too embarrassed to go to the shelter’s manager.
As Sshe ate her meal she wondered why the fire fighters always had a meal for her. She had seen them do that for a couple of other street kids. She was walking by the fire house one day and saw the fire fighters handing out some sandwiches to the kids playing ball on the back ramp of the fire house. She was turning away when Stan gave her a sandwich. After they had all ate their sandwiches, Stan had them wash their battalion chief’s car.  So for the last two weeks she wandered pass the fire station. Often they weren’t there; but when Stan was,n’t he always gave her something to eat. She wasn’t certain why he did that. certain if they suspected that she was living on the streets or not but they always seemed to have a meal for her when she wandered by the fire house. She wondered if he knew what happened to her. As Sshe listened to him wondering what he knew of her situation, she never took her eyes off the activity. As she watched she saw the side of the landing craft shimmer and a man materialized where she had seen the shimmer.
“I wonder if he knows that his cammie cape is malfunctioning,” the firefighter commented. As they watched several others materialized. “I guess it is not malfunctioning!”
All of them were wearing a midnight black uniform with no insignia. Their side arms were the same color as their uniforms and were so subdued she could hardly see them.
“They’re Black Guardsmen,” Stan commented refilling her glass. “They are the empire’s top elite special forces unit.”

“Why are they here?” Mitch asked.
“Any time the IRS lands a rescue team the Black Guard lands a protection force to secure the landing site and team.” The fire fighter replied. As they watched the guardsmen took up positions around the landing site. Mitch suspected there were more about the fire station; but were out of sight.
As she ate the meal that the fire fighter had given her she continued to ponder her fate. 
She wondered how she could get onto the landing craft and get off Trena. She had been by her father’s home thinking it she could be with them until she got to some place safe. Even if her step mother tried to molest her again it would get her off Trena.                                                                          When she got home she had found out that her parents had left for the empire months ago. The neighbor woman was surprised to see her. She was supposedly visiting her grandparents in the empire. She didn’t know how she was going to get off Trena. She knew she should just go back to the shelter hoping that there wouldn’t be a repeat of the assault. She was very afraid of that happening again.authorities and turn herself in. She was afraid to do that afraid they would ship her to her parents in the empire. If she could avoid that she would be just as happy. Then it dawned on her Sshe was looking at a way to get off Trena.nother choice.  She wondered how she could get aboard the landing craft that was parked in front of the fire station. As she put her dishes in the sink she saw the first of the big treaded vehicles return to the fire station.
She watched the ambulance nose up to the front loading ramp of the ground to orbit vessel. The ramp had been lifted so it was at the same height of its cargo deck. She was awed when the vessel lowered itself a foot or so. 

“Why did they do that Stan?” she asked.

Stan heard the rumble of the armored ambulance approaching and replied “Watch!”

She watched as the front of the big treaded vehicle lowered a ramp. The ramp was not lowered to the ground but remained about waist high until the big vehicle nosed up to the space ship. There it lowered its ramp so that it overlapped the space ship’s cargo ramp. As soon as the big vehicle was parked the marines began unloading its passengers. 
Mitch left the kitchen and went closer to the vehicles to see what was going on. She poked her head into the ground to orbit vehicle. The big open deck of the vessel was now ready to receive passengers. The floor of the landing craft had been converted from a flat cargo deck to passenger seating that filled half of the deck. The rest of the space now had some racks hanging from the ceiling. Mitch wondered what they were for until she saw the medics and marines load stretchers onto them. There was no way they could reload the equipment she had seen come off it now.
“Stan,” she turned to the firefighter standing beside her and pointed to the second large treaded vehicle as it pulled up beside the first one, “What are those?”
“They’re an armored ambulance,” The man answered, “The empire uses them in place of soft skinned vehicles. They can carry about twenty ambulatory and maybe forty on stretchers. They are an intensive care ward on treads.”
Mitch watched as a girl her age on crutches walked from the ambulance onto the vessel. As the girl walked onto the vessel she dropped a stuffed animal dropped from the bag she was carrying. It rolled onto the ground. Without thinking Mitch walked over to where the toy had fallen and picked it up. She clambered up onto the ramp and walked into the landing craft. She found the girl and sat down next to her, “You dropped this!”
“Oh,” The girl looked first into Mitch’s face and saw a girl her own age with startling black hair that that fell below the girl’sher shoulders, then she saw then what was in Mitch’s her hands. “Bunny just doesn’t want to leave Trena! Ii wish I didn’t have to leave either. I guess we’re lucky; my family is being evacuated because I am in a nursing home. My cousins aren’t.”
Mitch didn’t know what to say. She wasn’t certain she should say anything. The girl was plainly upset at leaving Trena. The girl spokeaid,, “i“If I hadn’t gotten hurt and had to have my legs rebuilt and had have PT, I wouldn’t be here.”
“PT,” Mitch asked.
“Yes physical therapy.”  The girl replied, “I needed some intense PT after my legs grew back. I still have several weeks to go before I can go back to school. So the Queen’s people said my family and I would be evacuated. Grandma and granddad couldn’t come with us. The evacuation command said only immediate family. They will try to follow us later. The evacuation command has promised to send them to us at their first opportunity. But we don’t know where we’re going!”
Mitch didn’t know what to say. She sat with the girl until her family showed up. They each carried a small bag. The older girl struggled to her feet and let her family hug her. A small child no more than ten carrying a small overnight bag emblazoned with a popular kid’s cartoon on it ran up to the girl, “Halie!”
“Hello sprout!” Halie ruffled the girl’s hair. “Hi mom, dad, any knews on whether grandma and granddad can join us?”
“No!” a short muscular man replied. He looked to Mitch and asked, “Who’s this?” 
“I don’t know!” Halie replied.
“I am Valerie Mitchum,” Mitch spoke up.
“Are you leaving with us?” Spout asked.
“No,” Mitch replied, her conscience getting the better of her. She had thought about stowing away on the vessel. But after hearing that the girl’s grandparents couldn’t go with them, she couldn’t do it. “No I saw her drop her bunny and brought it aboard. I best get off before they close up and take me with them.”
She got off the vessel and walked to where her friend was standing. She stood there and watched the rest of loading.
It took several ambulance loads for the nursing home to be emptied. The last two ambulance loads were not taken to the Galaxy Lifter, but were taken directly to the meadow were the 1052nd Evacuation Hospital had been set up to receive them. All these were expectant patients, those who were not expected to live much more than a few weeks. 
	As they became loaded, the Galaxy Lifters began the process of lifting ship for orbit. It wasn’t until they began the process of buttoning up and checking their cargo that the Nightingale flights found out their designations.
	“Evac South This is Nightingale 1 we are light on gear requesting permission to lift.  Requesting destination and routing.” The pilot called.
	“Nightingale 1 permission granted.” The controller called, “State souls on board?”
	“Evac South,” The load master called, “We have three hundred souls on board, 200 ambulatory, 100 serious.”
	“Copy 300 souls, 200 ambulatory, 100 serious,” The controller called back, “Nightingale 1 go to button 5 and contact Mother Theresa flight control. Good day.”
	“Thank you,” The pilot keyed button 5. The button had been pre set up for the mission to keep communications simple. It was virtual button on the screen between the two pilots. He called as the copilot lifted the landing craft off the deck, “Mother Theresa Flight Control this is Nightingale 1 with trade for your good people.”
	“Nightingale 1 you are number ten to dock.” the flight controller on the Mother Theresa replied. She had ten landing craft in her pattern. All were lifting almost simultaneously from the planet. The Mother T had four docking bays. Each bay was isolated from the others so if something happened in one of the bays the other three wouldn’t be harmed. She touched a stud on her panel and called, “Attention we now have ten in bounds with three thousand souls between themon board. I am up loading the manifests to triage.”
	The Hospital Patrol Ship Mother Theresa was a 3100 bed space going hospital. One of several hundred ships that was used by the empire’s space going coastguard service, the Interstellar Rescue Service, to protect and defend the empire’s citizens in the space ways from themselves and criminal elements. The Mother Theresa or Mother T to her crew was completely empty. She had just finished a short yard period to update her systems, and repair some minor maintenance gripes. She had left the yards in route her patrol area when she had been redirected to Trena. She had barely made orbit about Trenamade orbit  when the landing craft started lifting from Trena. She barely had enough time to launch her landing craft before the landing craft from the Majestic began calling. Now all of her doctors, nurses, EMTs and rescue personnel were going to their mass casualty stations to receive the thousands of critically sick nursing home patients en route to them from the planet.
	The first to dock, was a light load of critical patients, some on life support, others had just been stepped down from full life support all of them expected to be down graded to serious in a week or so. It was organized chaos at the docking ports. The Mother T’s crew was not quite ready to deal with the massive inrush of critical patients. The head nurse finally lost it.
	“Good damn it people!” He bellowed, “Look we got ten birds either docked or docking with us. Now everybody slow the fuck down. Every one of those patients has their complete medical records with them so we don’t need to triage them as we normally would.  Just identify your patient and move them appropriately. Get them off the Elsy and then move them in to hospital.” 
	Slowly order returned to the landing bay. Patients moved from the landing craft through the bay to the triage center. There a Chief Petty officer directed each patient to a ward. Keeping track of which ward was getting what patients trying not to over load any one ward with too many patients. In his thirty years aboard the hospital ships, this was the first time he had routed so many patients in so short of time, in less than four hours they had docked ten landing craft and off loaded and transferred 3000 patients. As soon as the last landing craft had broken its docking, the captain called for deep space stations.
	Twelve hours after the first landing craft had landed the first of the Trena Evacuees were on their way to safety.
	Through it all Junior the back up deep space surveillance AI had recorded the capabilities of the landing craft operation.  His buddy at the Republic’s embassy had asked him to share the information.  When he asked why, his buddy said they wanted to compare them to their own observations.  He didn’t think it was that big a deal so he went and did it. 


Chapter 5:  A Parliamentary Request
Start1“Look she had no right to do what she did” Lord Rammer was sitting in the minority whip’s office trying to convince Lord Bush to endorse his plan to bring the Marshal before the full House of Lords and make him defend his plan to the people of Trena. “She needed to talk to us and get our permission before she named a marshal.  She also needs to consult with us on any evacuation plan.  We need to bring her to task.”
	“So you want to bring the Queen before us and make her account for her actions?” the minority whip asked. “You don’t think that might be considered treason?”
	“No! We are just asking that she explain herself before the House of Lords.  We have a duty to the people of Trena to make sure that she isn’t over reacting and that she has the best interest of the people of Trena at the forefront of her plans and activities.”
	There was a knock at the door and the minority whip opened the door letting his aid in.
	“Your lordship the owner of Trenaport Nursing is on the phone, and she is hoping mad!” the aid said.
	“Why tell me?” the lord asked.
	“Wilson has just ordered the evacuation of all nursing home patients,” The aid said, “Not just ordered; but forcibly landed at nursing homes and put them on board landing craft and took them to imperial hospital ships that are making orbit now. When the nursing home owners protested the Queen’s Attorney basically said their rights and privileges were null and void.”
	“What does that bastard thinking he is doing!” the Rammer complained, “He doesn’t have that power!”
	“He does,” the aid said, “As Marshal of the Trena Constabulary, he has, during time of emergency or national disaster the power to get people to safety any way he sees fit. I tried to tell the owner of Trenaport Nursing this but she won’t cool out.”
	“Okay let me talk to herim,” the whip said, “In thee mean time you find a way to bring her before the House Of Lords for an enquiry.” He turned to Rammer. 
###
	The four of them met in a secure room in the House of Lords. It was a room where secure briefings on the nation security were held. When the chief of the kingdom’s intelligence service, or in the rare case where the Mounties needed to brief the leadership on high level criminal investigation, the briefing was held in this room. It was as secure as the Mountain’s conference rooms. The room was also used for high level political discussions such as the one they were holding now. There was no electronics in the room. It was swept repeatedly several times a day.  The room was lined with old fashioned paper books.   The books were the reference library for the House of Lords, not only did they contain the House of Lords proceedings, but parliamentary procedure from around the galaxy.  It was where the members of the House of Lords met to plan their parliamentary shenanigans.  Today’s meeting was no exception. 
	They were the minority party’s experts in parliamentary procedures.  They were also students of the parliament’s history. Rammer had brought them together to investigate a way to bring the Queen and the Marshal into the House of Lords for an inquiry. 
	“So far,” Lord Malcolm began the proceedings, “The Queen is well with in her rights to name the Marshal. She declared a planetary emergency.  When she declares a planetary emergency she then has the responsibility to resolve the issue.”
	“But shouldn’t the general have routed his report through the prime minister?” Rammer asked, “He is after all head of government.”
	“The general’s obligation is to report to the monarch who is commander and chief of the militia.” One of the older men said.  “This was done so that the majority party couldn’t use the military against the lords themselves.  The monarch is restrained in two ways, we the parliament must approve all spending on the militia, and we must declare war if she wants to use the military to invade a neighboring star system.  The Militia, and for that matter, the life safety forces of the planet are hers to command.  She is responsible for ensuring the life safety of all citizens of the planet.”
	“So she is within her power to declare an emergency and begin evacuation of the people of Trena.” Rammer said, “But hey, doesn’t she have to apply to us to fund the evacuation.  Don’t we have to approve the budget?”
	“Yes and no,” another spoke up she was a member of the House of Lords Finance committee.  “By declaring an emergency she is permitted to expend the funds she needs to make the evacuation happen. The crown is during an emergency permitted to suspend banking rules, and commerce. But that’s all she can do.”
	“Yes but that’s limited,” another said, “She may spend the funds; but she must also report to us on the expenditure of those funds and we must infuse the accounts with additional funds as they are expended. She has to apply for any funds that exceed what is in them.  She’s got to be close.”
	“Not really,” Rammer said, “I’ve been keeping an eye on her funds. She has expended a lot of funds. Much of it out of the emergency fund; but she has expended more out of her personal fortune. She has sold some of her interests around the system. She owned about a third of the Trena Near Space Mining consortium and then she owned some stock in a couple off world businesses. She is a billionaire several times over and what she has spent has come out of her personal fortune and the emergency fund.”
	“Isn’t she prohibited from spending her own fortune on the interest of the Trena people?” Some one asked.
	“No. She isn’t allowed to financially gain from the troubles of the Trena People.” Rammer said, “In other words she isn’t allowed to have stock in any industry that will make money because of the services they are providing during a time of emergency.”
	“That’s it!” the woman from the finance committee suddenly said, “She is required to submit a yearly financial statement.  I seem to remember that she has stock in the 3T ship yards, and might have some money in the Boeing Trena Space Works facility.”
	“But we all own stock like that!” Rammer said.
	“But we haven’t said that we need to evacuate, and then using companies we own stock in to effect the evacuation.” The woman said.  “We have the lever to get her to the House of Lords to answer questions.”
	“What about Wilson himself.” Some one asked, “Is there something we can do to him.”
	“Not really,” Someone said, “We can call him before the select committee of the evacuation.  He does have a duty to brief the parliament on his plan to evacuate our citizens.”
	“My people have been investigating him” Rammer said, “I thought it was suspicious that he left Earth so I talked to a couple people I know.  The man isn’t clean, but he has nothing that can be charged against him.  He has not committed a crime on Trena. Although the media on Earth has him listed as participating in a jail break; it wasn’t.  As a major stockholder in Ebio; he just recovered his property. From what I have seen of him he isn’t incompetent, he lets his troops do their job. He sets a direction and expects people to either ask him about it if they don’t understand it or get the task done. If there is a weakness is that he cares too much for his troops. A couple of his officers have mentioned that he is too close to the troops he leads and should be a little more distant.  But at the same time his troops will do just about anything for him and he has had a tremendous history of success.  That was why he had been named to be the Marine Corps top MP. They were thinking about making him the youngest Command NCO of the Marine Corps. In fact he had been named and was only waiting for their senate to confirm him. He resigned just as they were voting.”
	“So how do we…” some one asked.
	“Let’s bring him before the committee and grill him on the evacuation, and then let’s bring the Queen in and grill her about her investments where the evacuation is concerned.” Rammer said, “We have to regain control of the situation.”
	“The only thing we might have on him is allowing a foreign military officer to look at the classified data concerning the evacuation.”  Rammer said, “My legal authorities can’t make up their mind if he did something illegal.  General Alphine has been posted to the evacuation command as liaison to Earth, and the Thonian military on planet. So she was getting briefed in.”
###
	“Good afternoon Lord Mercer,” the lord said sitting down next to him in the Side Bar, a small taproom near the parliament and the courts.  Lord Mercer often stopped there after work to have a drink and listen to the barflies. It also gave people a way to just “bump” into him if they didn’t want to be seen entering his office in the palace.
	“Good afternoon Lord South Hampton,” Mercer returned taking a sip of his scotch.
	“How’s Alice?” the lord asked about his wife.
	“Fine,” Mercer said, “a little pissed that our retirement plans have gotten messed up. She’s working a bit with Lady Hawthorne. And Jenny?”
	“About the same,” they exchanged pleasantries for a few minutes before South Hampton finally got to his point, “Say Rammer is trying to get a parliamentary inquiry set.  He thinks he can use the nursing home patients and the Queen’s investments as a hook to hold the hearings.”
	“I see,” Mercer asked, “when?”
	“A week or so,” South Hampton said, “He needs to get the Royalists to agree to it.  Some of them are a little honked off about the nursing home patients, but they see why he did it. Some of them think it is awesome how he did it.  They feel that his off world connections might be the best thing for the kingdom.”
	“I had heard that Rammer wants to thwart the evacuation,” Mercer said, “I get so tired of this we propose we oppose shit.  For once I would like to see the parliament stop playing politics and do what the people of Trena expect them to do. Serve the nation!”
	“There more than a couple of us who feel the same way,” Lord South Hampton finished his beer and asked for another. “We feel we need to get behind Lord Wilson and the Queen and get our people to safety.  We don’t have time for this bull shit. We’re going to let Rammer have his hearing but it is not going to turn out the way he thinks it will.”
	“When we will be getting a notice,” Mercer asked.
	“Sometime this week I think,” South Hampton replied. “Tell the Queen and the Marshal they have nothing to fear.”
	“I will pass that along.” Lord Mercer replied.  South Hampton paid his tab and left the bar leaving Mercer deep in thought.  South Hampton had left Mercer’s mind roiling, although not a ranking member of the Contras, South Hampton was still a Contra.  Their basic tenant was to be arch conservative and to go against the royalist and the monarchy. They loathed change, and fought the monarch tooth and nail. So he was having trouble believing South Hampton’s desire to help wasn’t a ploy to distract the evacuation command.  On the other side of the coin, South Hampton was a moderate in the Contras. He often voted with the Royalists, and seemed to be a voice of reason among the Contras.   He finished his drink and left the bar himself. 
###
	Wilson was still working out of a conference room in a building near the Queen’s residence. It was a block of offices that served as the crown offices on the royal estate. He was considering moving to the EOC in the basement, it would be better than working out of the conference room. It was set up to be the nerve center during a time of crisis.  It gave him instant communication with all of his commands, every organization had a desk there but it also gave him a feeling being in the bunker, of waiting for the end.  So he stayed in the conference room.  It wasn’t that bad. Some of his staff had desks outside of the room, others he just had to ask the computer to find them and connect them.  Not that he had much of a staff.  Now as he sat reading the final report on the nursing home evacuation he looked up to see a well dress woman standing before him.
	“How can I help you miss,” the Marshal asked.
	“Are you Michael Aaron Wilson?” the woman asked.
	“Yes I am,” Wilson returned. He had an idea what this was.  Mercer had given him a heads up a few days ago. 
	“I have a summons for you to appear Monday next at the hour of nine in the House of Lords before the Committee on the Evacuation.” She handed him a parchment that held the summons and left.  
	“Computer,” Wilson said, laying the document face up on his desk, “Scan the document on my desk and send it to the Queen, and Queen’s Attorney. Set aside Sunday for hearing prep, and all day Monday for the hearing.”
	Although Mercer had given him a heads up, he had suspected long before Mercer’s heads up; that he would be sitting before some sort of legislative committee.  Unfortunately part of his day each day had been spent in conference with the several of the kingdom’s political intelligence units, including the Mounties Political Intelligence Unit, and Protective Details Political Surveillance Unit.  All police units had some sort of political intelligence units. They were used to understand what the politicians were saying, and what they actually did.  Not always the same. The Mounties unit was also the counter intelligence unit for the kingdom and kept track of the diplomats accredited to the kingdom. Wilson had to have some sort of an idea what the politicians were doing and saying. He needed to understand how they might sabotage the evacuation.  So every afternoon before he went home for the day two briefers came by to tell him what the politicians had been up to the previous twenty four hours.  This would be on the agenda.
Chapter 6: The Closers
	Theyy arrived together. The same pilot who had flown Lord Hawthorne out had flown them in. He had been an Ebio stringer.  The pilot had been one of the people that the company used to smuggle people on and off world.  She hadn’t wanted to kill the pilot. It was only after she found him calling the Mounties that she had known she had to kill him. She knew that he was a throw away. He was a stringer that was known to the Mounties as a smuggler and would be thought to have been killed by a client.  They knew the Mounties would soon know they were on planet. But she hoped it wouldn’t be until they finished their primary task closing the file on Clone Delta 1980 Alpha Omega Bravo.  She had escaped twenty years before from a containment teambreeding center.   They were to kill her in the most visible, goriest way possible to send a message to the millions clones that had escaped and were on the run through out the galaxy. Ebio would find you and take care of you as they saw fit.  All of them were trained hired killers, none of them were bioengineered, or bioenhanced human beings. They loathed escaped clones as if they were unclean garbage.  They didn’t understand how these clones could escape from a company that the closers thought treated them well. All of the closers enjoyed their work. 
	Now after a couple of days on world, Hozenbur, the team leader, was now listening to the intelligence her team had gathered in the short time they had been on planet.
	“I checked out the halfwit’s home. I talked to a couple of neighbors, they aren’t there any longer.” one of the men begansaid, “Haven’t been there since the night they announced the evacuation.”
“Yeah,” Hozenbur remarked said, “They are living in the palace. I heard that before we left.”
“I checked the palace out.” One of the other woman on the team spoke upreplied, “It is tight. It’s a layered defense in depth. Although there is not any air restrictions over the palace most aircraft stay clear of it.  Because a few years back the expert system controlling the air defense system hiccupped and killed a family flying over it.  So for the most part air traffic stay away from the palace. Then there are foot patrols beginning a block or so out from the palace, then there is the uniformed queen’s own regiment that are more than ceremonial guards. They are fully armed with laser rifles, pistols and grenades. They are on all the public and private entrances. They are to assure positive ID of everyone entering the palace.  In side the palace walls there are roving guards. They walk random patrols, with random shift changes. The AI that manages the security system is the finest money can buy. Literally the same one the emperor on Earth uses; but on steroids.  It includes unmanned fully automated random secbots. They are armed. While normally not on hair trigger fire they can be. And to make things interesting, the Queen, the Marshal and his family all have human, Thonian, and Clones on their security team. Their personal security team is made up of ten people to each team. Some, the principles know about, other they don’t know. There is always an armed plain clothes security officer with the Queen, or just out side her door.  The same is true of the Marshal and the clone. In fact the Queen ordered the protective detail to take the unit protecting her and assigned it to the Wilson’s.”
	“What do we know?” Hozenbur asked.
	“Everything and nothing,” The woman said. “Every one of the protective detail lives on the palace grounds. Most of them have no family. All of them have no serious vices. They have been checked back two generations, with the exception of the clone. He is an emancipated bioengineered human. He bought himself out of indenture. And yes I checked him out! He can’t be bribed, he can’t be touched. He lives on the palace grounds, seldom goes out.  There is a PX for him and everyone who lives and works on the grounds. When he does go out it is to drive the Queen or now The Halfwit, and her family.”
	“We can blow the car,” Hozenbur suggestedaid.
	“Yeah,” one of the team women repliedsaid.  She had been a sleeper on Trena just being the eyes and ears of the company.  She had been aware of the clone, but had known better to pass it on. If she did she wouldn’t have lived through the night.  “But the departure is never advertised, and there are usually three vehicles, loaded under cover, never in the open. I haven’t seen them reload at destination. They sometimes use landing craft. If they do, they use a military style LC with a full counter measure suite installed.  That includes automatic anti air defense. Laser, rockets, air mines, slug throwers, flare and chaff dispensers. It is harden electronically and immune to EMP. The AIs are virus and worm proof. If a virus is detected in one of the AIs it is taken off line and one that has been isolated in secure storage is warmed up and put on the landing craft.”
	“Do we know the location?” Hozenbur asked.
	“No,” The woman replied, “No one I have talked to will tell me where it is.” 
	“So what do we do?” Hozenbur asked.
	“We have a list of other clones that are thought to be hiding out on Trena. We can start hunting them, and keep an eye on the palace. At some point they will be some place we can get them.” The woman said.
	“Just so everybody is on the same page...” One of the men spoke upaid, “Everyone knows how these people handle containment teams?” There were nods all around, “You know that these people have authorized their cops to use deadly force to prevent a clone from being taken back? And if we put up any resistance on capture we will be killed. If arrested and convicted it’s not just being deported. It is being sent to Dungeon for life.”
	“Look a lot of what we do is against the law on the various worlds we have worked on.” Hozenbur replied, “We just have to be careful.”
“We pick up only those clones that have done serious damage to the containment teams. There are several here who have killed our brother officers when they escaped. I want them.” Hozenbur said a while later. “I would prefer to pick them up and take them back to the nearest company world where they can be executed in front of other half wits.  But if necessary kill them in the goriest hideous way you can think of; something that will make the news and send a message out to the clones.  I want them thinking about their future. Many of these guys got to be thinking what happens to them when they evacuate.  There aren’t many places that they can go that have the same protection as Trena.” 
Chapter 7: Flag Visit
	She had been putting it off ever since she had landed a few days before.  It wasn’t something she was avoiding. It was that every time she thought she could get a few hours to slip over to the embassy and meet with the ambassador something came up or it was too late in the day. With her marines now on planet, and the IRS handling the space lift as expected it was time to meet with the ambassador from Earth. 
	Generally when large contingents of the Imperial Armed Forces made port calls at Trena or any other world that the Empire had relations with that allowed port and liberty privileges, the ranking officer of the deployment would pay the embassy or consulate a visit. Usually this visit happened within hours of the ship or fleet making port.  Usually this happened before liberty or leave was permitted for the Marines, starmen, and others aboard the ships. It was done so that the rules governing the liberty of the marines and starmen could be discussed, and to get new orders, etc. It wasn’t really a courtesy call, but wasn’t really a business call either. That was one of the reasons that General Alphine had been putting this off. But mostly, the princess wanted to have enough time to meet with a friend of her father’s so she wouldn’t be slighted. After lunch on Tuesday she gathered up her detail and drove to the embassy in an open jeep. Which she knew caused her detail to have kittens. Though most of them had gotten used to the idea that she might be the heir to the throne of the Terran Empire, she was still a general and sometimes had to go in harm’s way. Not that going to the embassy was going in harm’s way. Her detail chief had long since learned not to argue with the young lady he seen grow into womanhood and become a very professional capable officer.
	At the embassy they found a line of civilians winding out the main gates on down the avenue running in front of the embassy. The line went on for several blocks. The driver stopped the car in front of the main gate and allowed the princess and her principle agent to get out. As they approached the gate a Marine NCO blocked their path and demanded that they identify themselves. Both the General and her body guard presented their IDs. The body guard rolled up his sleeve so the Marine could see the small metal implant on his forearm. After scanning his, and the princess’ implant, he snapped to attention and called, “Welcome aboard Princess Carroll.”
	“Thank you Sarge,” the princess replied.
	“May I announce your presence?” The Sergeant asked.
	Carroll shook her head saying, “Keep the racket to a minimum marine.”
	“Aye-Aye general” the marine said.
	“What’s going on?” The princess asked. She was surprised that they had to show positive ID to get into the embassy.  She normally didn’t have to prove her identity at any Terran Embassy. The embassy staffs were expected to know who she was. Her implant let the AI in the embassy know she was near by. 
	“My apologies general,” The sergeant said, “but it’s been like this for a couple of weeks now. We have to make sure of everyone who enters the embassy is who they say they are.  The only space craft allowed to depart the space port are those of the various star nations and then only with their own nationals aboard.  It is amazing to see how many Terran Nationals who are living on Trena.”
	“No offense taken Sarge,” The general replied, “Would you tell the Ambassador that I am here to see her.”
	“Aye Ma’am” The sergeant replied turning to the radio in his hand. He spoke quietly for a few seconds and then turned to the admiral, “The Ambassador will see you in her office. Private McKay will show you the way.”
	Carroll nodded and followed the young marine into the embassy proper. He was only a few years older than her son Max.  Watching him she felt every bit of her forty years.
	Carroll along with her body guard walked up a short flight of stairs onto the executive level of the embassy where they found the ambassador waiting for them.  The ambassador was a short woman, with gray streaks through her hair.  Her small stature belied the fact that she held one of the most important diplomatic posts of the Terran Empire.
	“Good day princess,” The woman said, “Welcome to Trena.”
	“Thank you Ambassador,” The princess returned.
	“Let’s sit down.” The woman said as they entered the office. A servant appeared quietly and poured coffee for all including the body guard who would normally have preferred to melt into the back ground and be considered just a piece of furniture. 
	“I was hoping you would stop by,” The small frame woman said, “I was getting ready to go Quarters Six, or the Palace.”
	“Oh?” Carroll replied, “Why?”
	“Oh intelligence has gotten rumors that there is a closer team from Ebio on Trena. Just rumors so far. But Duck thought that we should tell you and the Marshall as soon as possible. We suspect the targets are the Wilsons.”
	“Thank you,” the princess said setting down her coffee cup. “I’m having dinner with him tonight I’ll pass the word along. I was told one was mounting up on Earth and heading this way. But I’ll let him know it’s Hozenbur.”
	“I had heard that also,” She changed the subject, “I got a dispatch a few weeks back from Maxwell requiring me to assist Lord Wilson in any way I can,” The ambassador replied, “That goes with out saying.”
	The princess detected that the ambassador was a little miffed at her orders and tried to ease the situation. “Ambassador, you know how my father feels about Lord Wilson. He firmly believes that Sarge may have some key to helping with the Ebio problem.  I am not so certain. I apologize if dad’s orders were too blunt.”
	“I may have taken it wrong princess,” the ambassador replied, “Max and I have discussed Ebio at length.  I know how much he admires Lord Wilson. He was hoping he would sit on the board of directors and make things happen, or at the very least take his seat in the senate, and be one of the clean senators as he says, not owned by Ebio.  How long will you be here princess?”
The princess replied, “I will be here for several months. I am dad’s personal representative here. That doesn’t mean you are out of a job. My job is to make sure Sarge gets anything we can give him. You’ll still handle all the diplomacy I’ll be around to bust the chops of anyone from the Empire who gives Sarge or Queen Agatha any problems.”
	“That will work.” The ambassador replied, “Do you want me to find office space for you in the embassy.  I assume you will need a secure work spaces and communication?”
	“Lady Gray, do you want me in your building.  That can cause a lot of problems for you and your staff? There is a liaison office at TMB Fletcher. It’s mostly empty, but I can work out of there with a small staff I’ll steal from the 15th MEU aboard the Majestic. Maybe borrow one or two of your people.  I don’t want to be in your way.”
	“You won’t be in the way princess.” The ambassador said, and she wouldn’t be in the way.
	“Just the same Lady Gray,” the princess said, “My presence could cause your people mixed loyalties.  Besides my job is to make sure that Lord Wilson has the imperial resources he needs to get his people off world.  Your job will be to look after the Empire’s interests on Trena.”
The ambassador mulled this over for a few minutes then said, “That does make sense. We’ll make it work princess. Just so you know I plan to be the last Terran off this world. I was hoping Max or you would leave me something heavy to do it in.”
	“The Majestic will be here to the end. The Mists of Empire will be leaving tomorrow. It may be back to pick me up. Dad was talking about releasing some moth balled troop transports for our friends here. He hasn’t made the decision yet.”
	“Is he aware that there a couple of heavy cruisers finishing in the TET yards?” The ambassador asked. “They are almost finished, and ready to be turned over to the IAF. Wilson hasn’t frozen them yet but it might be helpful if he nationalizes them.”
	“I’ll mention it to them.” The princess said. 
	“Will you make sure he knows that my team will continue to be available to him?” The ambassador askreplied, “That includes my protective detail The Iron Maiden will have my graying head if I let any harm come to her son and his family.” 
	“When you writte the Iron Maiden,” The general said knowing the close relationship between Ambassador Gray and Admiral Joyce Wilson, “You tell her that I am on the job and I will not let any harm come to Mike or his family.”
	Later she would remember these words and would have a difficult time looking the retired admiral in the eye, and then the vow she made afterwards.
	“I guess I best get back to work my lady,” The princess general asked, “Is there anything else I need to know.”
	“No,” The ambassador replied, “Thanks for stopping by.”
	“Okay we’ll get out of here then,” The Princess General rose and walked with her shadows out of the office.  As they got into the jeepcar he commented to the princess, “Ma’am, she’s more of a grandmother than a diplomat.”
	“Lady Gray?” The admiral asked, “Don’t let her grand motherly ways fool you, she is one tough lady. She was held hostage for sixty days, raped repeatedly, by a so called rogue Ebio security unit. She later killed every one of them. That lady is not soft.  She’s in this post because she’s not only tough, but fair and competent. Her Ambassadorship is not a reward to her service to the crown; but an acknowledgment of her abilities and her coolness under fire.  While this post is not like those of the Peoples Republic, it has its moments, especially since this is an independent neutral world. Take us home.”
Chapter 8: The 83rd Arrives
	When the Thonian Ambassador met with the Queen and Marshal Wilson, he had listed what resources that the Realm could make available to the Kingdom.  One of those resources was the 83rd Military Police Battalion. They were an organization of about five hundred Thonian men and women, who Marshal Wilson ike had helped to stand up five years before.  Mylea had been their inaugural commander. They unit was entirely made up of were life mated couples. All of them had been either police officers, or military police officers before being accepted in the unit.  No one in the group was a raw recruit. All had been cops for at least a crimen or three earth least five years.  The Thonian Ruler had requested that he help in training and standing them up. Wilson’s job had been to help stand them up as a unit. There were other units within the Thonian Space Force that followed the same premise; this was the first one that was an MP battalion. 90 Days later they had been deployed on their first assignment. They were never assigned to base duty, or embassy duty. They were always deployed with the Thonian Military, when the Thonian Space Force was deployed for war.  They were always used when the Realm had to send their military in to support troops during peace keeping operations, or when the Realm had to beat back an insurgent, or invasion force.
	“When do you want them Sir Mike,” the Thonian ambassador asked.
	“They’re not here yet?” Wilson quipped. The Thonian nodded and made that task job one when he got back to the embassy. A couple weeks after that meeting, the 83rd y wereas about to land on Trena.
“Ma’am,” Her aid came into their state room and turned the lights on. “It’s time.”
“Thanks Meglith,” Corithia said rolling onto her back she nudged her life mate of 8 crimens and felt his desire for her. She looked at her aid, sending her mate that now wasn’t the time. He saw the young aid through his life mate’s eyes and agreed. The young woman was dressed in the grey BDUs of the Thonian Armed Forces with her Military Police arm band in place as well as her white pistol belt snugly around her waist. As Corithia got out of their bunk and saw the aid she shook her head, years before she had been as sharp as her aid and wondered where youth got their energy.  She looked at her time piece saw that it was 0300 and realized that it would be a very long day.
	“It will be that Corithia,” her life mate said feeling the cold deck under his feet, Corithia knowing what would come next, his lifemate said, “and “no I don’t know why they keep these decks so cold!”
	An hour later she stood with her officers watching her troop’s board the shuttles. The equipment, the jeeps, hover cycles, and heavy trucks were already loaded.  The transport could drop the entire MP battalion in one lift. 
	“Ma’am,” her aid spoke softly into her ear, “We’ll be landing at TMB Fletcher. The Marshal requests that when we land we go to the Police Academy barracks get set up there and wants you to report to the palace.”
	“Thank you,” Corithia replied, “Reply to Marshal that the message was received and the 83rd MP Battalion will be on the ground shortly.”
	“Yes ma’am” The aid said and spoke quietly into a small communicator. As the aid spoke into the device a green shirted NCO came up to Corithia, “Commander, if you and your party will step this way? I’ll escort you to your shuttle.”
	“Lead on,” Corithia commanded, and the NCO escorted the commander’s party to the waiting shuttle. 
Once aboard the shuttle’s 	The Thonian load master came up to where Corithia was sitting near the front of the shuttle.  He made sure that the commander was secure and said softly, “The squadron commander requests permission to disembark?” 
	Although a mere formality as the ranking officer in the lift, it was a custom in the Thonian space service that  the NCO on the ship containing the unit’s most senior officer asked permission to depart.  Corithia looked to her officers who had been talking to various NCOs and officers. All of them either nodded, or gave a thumb up to her. Corithia felt her life mate feeling that they were ready.  He was on the last shuttle the traditional place for the XO when they were making a landing. She looked to the Load Master and said, “Load Master tell the squadron commander he may take us to our destiny.”
	“It is with greeat pleasure and honor that the 10th space lift squadron takes the Hero of Myglina to her destiny!”  He saluted her and then spoke into his head set.
	Minutes later the landing shuttle left the Thonian transport.  The shuttle was soon joined by all fifty of the shuttles carrying the Thonians 83rd Military Police Battalion.  As soon as they were formed up, the shuttles began their descent to Trena. 
	As they approached main militia base the Militia verified the I.D. of the flight and had it escorted it in by a flight of space-air superiority fighters. 
	“All stationsFlight line, this is Fletcher Control we have five zero Thonian shuttles in the pattern.  They are troop and equipment heavy,” the tower called on the command network.to line chief.
	“Langtree copies,” Brigadier General David Langtree said he as was leaving his quarters to report to the flight line. 
	Sergeant Hoi, the General’s driver was waiting for him when he left his quarters in the BOQ. He had been up for a couple of hours making sure that he was ready to serve the best officer he had ever worked for.  He handed his officer a cup of coffee as Langtree got into the passenger seat for the two minute drive to the flight line.  He arrived in time to see the first of the landing shuttles arrive on the landing pads.  
	When Langtree got to the flight line things were at a dead stand still, Langtree approached the line chief asked the obvious question, “What’s the problem?”
	“Some one forgot to bring the Thonian flight line kit.  We don’t have any safety pins for the weapons.” The Line Chief repliedsaid,, “I’ve got one my guys ransacking the flight line shack for the Thonian kit.  But I don’t have enough for all fifty of them.”
	“I see,” Langtree said. He saw what his chief was concerned about, the Thonians used a force field technology that allowed them to hang their weapons on hard points on their ships. Earth and Trena’s military preferred to keep their weapons buttoned up behind heat shielding just in case of a mishap that would cook one off. “Treat it like a combat landing. Everything stays powered up, and the weapons are safetied from the flight deck.”
	“Sir we have the time to do it right,” The chief said, “Let me do my job.”
	“All right chief,” Langtree repliedsaid.
	In the lead ship, Corithia was  standing before the front hatch waiting for the crew chief to open it and let her out.  The crew chief was standing next to her, “Sorry about the delay Commander, Flight line’s got a safety issue.”
	“What type of issue,” Corithia asked.
	“They don’t have a safety kit for the weapons and landing gear.” The chief replied, “Before you ask... the well trained, underutilized officer of this flight told the chiefs not to bring their landing kits with them.  However,” The chief opened a panel and pulled out a hand full of red, blue and green safety ribbons with finger sized metal rods on the end of them. He toggled his communicator and spoke, “Pilot, Chief; I’ve safety ribbons I’ll safe the bird.”
	“Chief, Pilot; do it,” The command pilot one deck above them called.
	The chief pushed two green switches an arm’s length apart and watched as the clam shell hatch opened and the boarding ramp extended and lowered to the ground. The chief ran out with his hand full of safety pins and began to make safe the landing gear.  The line chief saw him and ran up to him. He took a couple of pins and ran to the right side of the space craft and pinned the  weapons down so they wouldn’t accidentally light off on their hard points and launch across the base.  As soon as the ship was safe the chief climbed back up the ramp, saluted the commander, “Commander, It’s been a pleasure to have you aboard.  You may disembark now.”
	“Thanks chief,” Corithia replied, “Chief, don’t be too hard on the flight commander...at least no visible marks.”
	The chief’s eyes sparkled as he replied, “No visible evidence Commander.” 
He turned to the ramp and punched a button on his communicator activating the loudspeakers on the ship’s exterior, “Attention! 83rd Military Police Battalion arriving, Commander Corithia Commanding.”
	He repeated the call in Terrish, as Corithia walked down the ramp by her self. Her troops would wait in the landing shuttles until she presented her documents to the ranking officer.  When she got to the bottom of the ramp she smiled broadly. There stood a very good friend of hers, her former commander.
	“Mylea,” Corithia called “it’s good to see you!” She hugged her old friend. “I heard you retired to Trena.”
	“Well not quite retired,” Mylea replied letting go of the woman she had trained to replace her as the 83rds new commander.
	“So I see,” She saw the simple star on her collar. “A flag officer? You’ve come up in the world!”
	“No,” Mylea replied, “I am, or was the third watch commander for the Royal Trenaport Mounted Police. Now I seem to be part of the Queen’s staff.”
	“Do I present my credentials to you?” The MP Commander requested.
	“No, General Langtree will accept them,” She motioned to the general who was walking towards them.
	Corithia came to attention and saluted the human. General Langtree crisply returned the salute saying in perfect Thonian, “Welcome to Trena Commander. Your people may disembark.”
	“Thank you General,” the woman said, and turned to the shuttle and nodded.  As she did the first shuttle load of MPs disembarked.
	Her aid came up in a jeep and waited patiently for her commander to finish her business and go on to the academypalace.  After seeing that her troops were disembarking safely she turned to her aid and said. “Nothing we can do here, let’s go meet the boss.”
	“Do I know him?” Corithia asked. “Everything I can get a hold of didn’t tell me who he is.”
	“Sergeant Wilson,” Mylea replied. 
	“Mr. Perfect?” Corithia asked. She remembered fondly how much grief she had received at his hands during their training.  At the time she wondered if she could claim self-defense when she killed him.  He had been a royal pain to work with during training; but his training had paid off time and time again over the ensuring three crimens. Her lifemate’s humor came through the link he too remembered the grief they had received from this man’s hands. 
	“The very same,” Mylea replied, “They held him down long enough to throw some stars on his shoulders, and make him Marshal of the Trena Constabulary.”
	“Damn!” Corithia said, she had been reading up on Trena and its force structure. Her life mate asked as he pulled up in his jeep. “That makes him what third or fourth in command of the entire planets military doesn’t?” 
	“More like number 2,” Mylea replied, “As Marshal of the Constabulary he is responsible to the Queen for the life safety of anyone and everyone in or about the environs of Trena. He in effect owns every fire and police officer on Trena, as well as every hospital, ambulance, nursing home, and the services that support them. In the current emergency, the military has been seconded to him.  For all practical purposes he is the head man of the entire planet.”
	“That supersedes their parliament doesn’t it?” Corithia remarked, “Oh that’s going to be a jolly political mess! I bet their parliament just loves this situation!”
	“Tomorrow he goes before the parliament to discuss his plan.” Mylea replied. 
	“What do you think?” Corithia asked.
	“It’ll be fun to watch,” Mylea replied, “Sarge has come into this.  He for all practical purposes is still a Command Sergeant Major. He has a lot of polish, but deep down he is still a Marine Command NCO and all that entails.”
	“I had heard he had been invested into the Terran Nobility, but he isn’t the first of their NCOs’ that they invested.” Corithia commented. “Yes this could be fun to watch.  So what does he plan to do with the 83rd?”
	“I think he wants to use you as a reaction force, and for LZ security.  You may be busy.” Mylea replied.
 Chapter 9: The Star Ship Exodus
She took delivery of the ship.  It wasn’t the biggest ship in the yard, nor was it the smallest. It had been a freighter up to a few years before until the owners had fallen on hard times and made it into gambling ship. They made one voyage with the ship and lost their shirts. Having no other choice the owners had put the ship up to cover their expenses.  It was over a century old but it seemed to be okay.  The Yard Master had loaned her a crew to make the delivery voyage to Earth.  There she talked to a few people.  Mostly rich people who could back her voyage to Trena.  She wanted to help and knew if she could get a ship to Trena she could provide transport for maybe a couple of thousand refugees she could help the people of Trena and do God’s work.
After she had ensured that she had a ship to transport the people she wanted to help she went about the process of getting the ship licensed.  That licensing came very quickly.  Mostly due to the master she had hired to help her buy the ship.  He had steered her away from some ships that looked perfectly okay. He later explained that that some of the ships they had considered, their engines were not even at stand by. Others were in deep cold storage that would take weeks to bring on line.  Now with the ship licensed and the captain hiring crew she had other tasks that needed to be done.
The first task was to talk with the Imperial Department of State.  She wanted to make sure that there would no entry or exit problems with her ship when they started to Trena.
“The Exodus will have no problems as far we’re concerned,” the state department official said, “Your status as a refugee ship will give you free passage through the empire. You must however ensure that your weapon systems are cold, and that you are not carrying any one who has a fugitive warrant for their arrest in the empire. Once you cross back into imperial space you will need to stop at the first Imperial Port and have your refugee status verified. Should you be harboring any foreign agents, or fugitives you will be arrested and the ship will be destroyed.”
Gloria listened to everything that was said, then commented, “Will the empire sanction our flight?”
“We will sanction your out bound flight, but only the Kingdom of Trena can clear you into their space.  For that you’ll need to get a clearance from their Embassy.” The state department official said. “If they don’t sanction your flight then what you have done will be pointless.”
“I see, and what will the state department’s position be then?” Gloria asked.
“Your ship will still be a non commercial not for profit vessel that pays no tariffs, or taxes upon entry and exit to the empire. The first time you take a paying cargo you will be subjected to the Empire commercial code.”
“I see,” the Evangelical Minister replied. “I guess I need to see the Trena Ambassador.”
A few days later she had managed to get an appointment with the Trenan ambassador to the Court of Columbus. She explained her visit and the mission from God she was on. The ambassador simply nodded and waited for her to wind down.  
“Reverend,” when she did wind down he said, “I have no instructions from Marshal Wilson, the Queen, or the parliament on how to deal with your request.”
“I see,” the minister said, “So does that mean that you can’t endorse my mission?”
“No ma’am,” the ambassador replied, “it only means that I have no instructions on how to handle you. I have always thought in these instances that it was better to ask for forgiveness than to so seek permission.”
The ambassador turned to his computer key board for a few minutes and soon handed the evangelical minister a safe passage document that would at least get her ship to the Trena.  This was the fourth such ship that he had dealt with in the last week or so.  But hers was the first one he had given a safe passage to. The others had been commercial ventures that were expecting to have passengers pay for their passage.
She went back to the state department and spoke with the same official again.
It turned out that getting the exit and entry permits were the easiest part of the whole operation. She needed a place to take her refugees.  She contacted several embassies to see if she could bring her refugees to their planet.  With the exception of Lashkey, a very primitive mining world, none of the embassies wanted the Trena refugees.  Lashkey was a terraformed world still in the early phases of its construction. It was harsh, and barely livable. It killed a good part ofbout half  its population each year and there was no restriction on who they could bring they just had to want to work hard. Although Gloria would not want to settle there her self, the refugees from Trena may have a different idea.  God never gave her people something they couldn’t over come.
Three days later she left Earth Space to that of Trena.
Chapter 10: The Republican Fleet
The fleet was being assembled. Over a matter of weeks the Battle Fleet of the Republic of the Stars assembled in an uninhabited star system. It was only a week from Mother the capital of star nation. It was a week from Trena. It took several weeks to assemble the fleet. The fleet was spread throughout the Republic. Although the largest democracy ever, its fleets were used to maintain order throughout the star nation. It was not the citizens of the Republic were rebellious sometimes the capitalist got their starts as serious robber barons, with a strong emphasis on robber. The fleet was needed to patrol the space lanes inside the star nation’s borders to keep piracy to a minimum. Entire fleets couldn’t just be repositioned. So in drips and drabs the fleet began to assemble.
The republic was rated a third rate military power. It was up to fighting the occasional pirate, but not up to the task of going toe to toe with either the Terran Imperial fleet or the Thonian Realm’s Interstellar fleet. It could and had fought minor skirmishes with smaller star nations.  The Republic fleet’s largest capital ships were battle ships. A republican battle ship was about a quarter the size of an Imperial Attack Carrier. Not having the weight in auxiliary space craft like the empire’s infamous landing craft or space superior fighters, it had a heavier throw weight in missiles. Some felt a republican battle ship could hold its own against an imperial attack carrier. That battle had never occurred except in simulations.  This time in Trena there might be a meeting. It was why two of the largest battle ships were part of the invasion.
The fleet assembled over a couple of weeks. The first order of business was working together. The spent a couple of weeks working up together as a fleet. They were still weeks away from mounting the invasion.  They wouldn’t even be leaving for Trena until the asteroids were a month away from bombarding Trena. While the fleet was being assembled republican agents began to infiltrate the Kingdom of Trena.
Book 4:  Messes
Chapter 1: In the House of Lords
	Lord Ramsey, known as the Rammer to friends and foes alike had drawn first blood.  The meetings he had had with the parliamentary experts and others had allowed him to put together a parliamentary inquiry.  He had convinced his associates in the House of Lords to demand that Lord Wilson come before the House of Lords and answer the lords’ questions concerning his plans for the evacuation.  The Rammer had been told that now; even three several weeks after being commissioned by the Queen to begin the evacuation he had no plan.  True he got some nursing home patients evacuated. That had caused a commotion in the Public Heath, and Safety committee. Several of the remaining lords who had not left or resigned had wanted Wilson’s hide. Several of the lords had become upset when they had tried to leave the planet and Wilson’s officers wouldn’t let them.  That was about maybe thirty in all. Wilson was not having any part of it.  With all this going on, The Rammer had convinced enough of his peers to hold hearings on the plan.  He intended to get the man terminated, and his man General McMillan put in charge of the evacuation.  General McMillan had been furious when he had found that General Qoum had been placed in charge of the Trena Militia in his absence, and had allowed a mere police officer to become the chief of the planet’s evacuation command.  It had been child’s play to get Wilson summoned to the House of Lords. He had planned to grill the retired Marine Corps NCO like none other.
“Hear Ye, Hear Ye, Hear Ye!” the bailiff of the House of Lords called calling the House of Lords to order. He slammed his massive baton down on the floor between each, Hear Ye, “All citizens and persons having business before this body come forth and ye shall be heard.”
	There was a loud bang on the door followed by:
	“I demand entry into this hall!” Queen the Agatha queen called making the ancient challenge to the House of Lords to allow her entry into the hall. 
	“And who are you to demand entrance in this noble hall!” The bailiff counter challenged. 
	“Queen Agatha I of the Kingdom of Trena, Ruler of the Trena Solar System, Commander of the Trena Militia. Protector of the Kingdom’s Citizens,” The Queen’s young voice called her reply as was the tradition of this body.
	“Pray tell what business brings you before this body!” The Bailiff demanded.
	“I demand entry to witness the testimony of my Marshal before this body!” The Queen answered. 
	“You dare demand! The Crown has no rights to demand anything in this hall!” The Bailiff retorted the ancient ritual reply to the challenge. 
	“I beg the Lords pardon and ask permission to witness the testimony of my Marshal before you?” The Queen pleaded. This was part of the ritual of the Crown requesting to enter the House of Lords where by tradition the House of Lords was a sanctuary against the monarchy. No one was sure when this tradition started; but all monarchs had followed this tradition when they wanted to address the House of Lords.
	“My Lords and Ladies of the House of Lords may the Monarch join us?” The Bailiff asked. “How say you, yea or nay?”
	“Yea,” The voices of the assembled lords thundered allowing the Queen to enter the chamber. As the hall quieted down, single solitary Nay, was heard.
	“Your Majesty” when the doors opened the Bailiff turned to his old friend’s daughter, “May I escort you to your seat?”
	“Thank you, and yes you may.” The Queen took the Bailiffs arm and allowed him to escort her to a small chair set on a small platform between the ranked chairs on both sides of the hall the left for the Contras, and the right for the Royalists. As she sat she leaned closer to the Bailiff and whispered, “It’s good to see you Uncle Bob.” The bailiff squeezed her arm then returned to his post at the main entrance.
Although both houses had adjourned, they had left a small contingent to carry on the business of the Parliament. The Parliament had expected to go into session a few months down the road to formally dissolve itself. Some members had wanted to, right after the Queen’s announcement; but the Queen had asked they stay on to the bitter end to provide leadership to the people. Although not every lord or MP had agreed to stay many had.  One of the Queen’s bitter disappointments was how many of the lords and MPs had just abandoned their family and left Trena.  She had naively assumed they had their families and the people they represented best interests at heart. Mostly those with conscience, and the power of their convictions had agreed. Although a great many of the remaining minority party had left the planet, or had resigned their positions, or they thought that they might be able to overturn this nonsense of the evacuation. The majority the Royalist party had thrown a bone to the Contras by letting them bring Wilson to the house for question time.
The Royalist knew that there was no way to stop the asteroids, and most of them knew in their heart of hearts that Trena had to be they had to evacuated. The parliament had sat through a hearing not a week before where experts from Trenaport University, the Royal College of Science, and others had testified about the militia’s discovery. Although there had been disagreement among the Trena scientific community, most of the scientists had agreedsaid  that there was no doubt that the asteroids would fall on Trena and cause damage to the planet.  The disagreements had come in the area of how bad it would be. The noblesy had come to believethe decision that their home world would soon be destroyed. Many of the nobles sitting in the House of Lords also were looking to the future and had been pondering planning what came next for them.  Many knew that their titles and nobility were tied to the Court of Trena. Although only Trena would be destroyed, the kingdom, which included all of the Trena Solar System, much of the kingdom would survive. Though parts of the Kingdom would survive, many the nobles who titles were tied to their lands on Trena herself would die when their home world died. They were certain that while many could find refuge on many of the off world settlements, they would not be noble. Their status would only be marginally better if they took refuge on other worlds. So many were contemplating resigning from Parliament, and preparing to leave Trena.
As many were contemplating their future, they knew that until they were evacuated they still had a duty to the people of Trena. Because of this when y would lose their power.  They knew that where ever they went they most likely wouldn’t be the movers and shakers of that world.  They would be refugees.  

Tthe he Rammer’s requested Marshal Wilson to answer questions from Rammer and the contras, the other lords, many who had, if not abandoned their seats, had been absent from The Lords for the last few weeks came back in mass to hear Marshal Wilson’s respond to Rammer and his party’s questions.during the question time had brought many of them back.   
As the lords assembled, they talked among themselves about Rammer and what he was up to. More than one lord had mentioned censoring the Rammer. Many felt that this was unnecessary political theatre. Many felt that The Rammer was exceeding his authority by calling Wilson before the Lords. They were talking about the rumor that Rammer was thinking about challenging the Queen’s use of the emergency provision of the constitution. Rammer thought the Queen was over reacting and may be unstable because of the overwhelming stress caused by the scope of the disaster about to befall the planet.
There was a little used provision in the kingdom’s constitution that allowed a sitting monarch to be replaced by an heir in time of emergency. The provision was a national security provision to ensure that a seriously mentally ill monarch couldn’t do grievous harm to the kingdom.  The kicker was that for the provision to be enacted, the Parliament had to issue a writ of incompetence. The writ could be requested by any of the nobles sitting in the Lords. The prime minister was duty bound to try the monarch in the lords. The lord or a group of lords making the charge were given an hour to present their case for the dethronement. The monarch, who by law must be present in the chamber to hear the charges, was then allowed to defend his or her position. When the vote was finally taken it must pass by a two thirds super majority. Upon a vote to dethrone the monarch, the writ was then submitted to the Queen’s Bench. The evidence outlined in the writ as the reason for dethronement was reviewed in secret by the full Bench. All nine justices must unanimously agree that the writ was in order. If any one of the justices’ found there was insufficient cause to dethrone the monarch the writ was voided. The nobles who requested the dethroning of the monarch were subject to the full power of the monarchy. The monarch had the power to divest the nobles, and in some instances could levy a charge of treason against the noble, and then execute them. Although there was conversation among the assemble lords and ladies of the House of Lords, it was only talk. As no one had the required votes to even bring it up to the Speaker for a discussion on the floor. The Contras were just agitating because they could. 
“Is there any member who has business before this house?” The speaker called.
“Lord Speaker,” The House of Lords Minority Whip spoke up. “I demand the presence of Michael Aaron Wilson.”
“For what reason,” the Speaker asked.
“To query him about his plans for managing the current emergency,” Lord Ramsey replied.
“Are there any objections?” The Speaker asked.  Hearing none he nodded to the bailiff.  The Bailiff marched to the main doors and called in a commanding voice “Michael Aaron Wilson is commanded to present himself before the assembled lords and ladies of Trena.  Is he present?”
“Aye,” Wilson’s voice rang out as only a Drill Sergeant’s voice could.
“Advance and be recognized.” the bailiff called.
Wilson entered the chamber. He was dressed in a simple uniform with his grade on his collar. His uniform shirt held only a few of his decorations.  Some of the ribbons were from his service with the Mounties, and one or two from his service with the Imperial Marines.  The Trenaport Mounted Patrol allowed officers who had served in other services to wear certain awards on their uniforms. His choice of uniform had been a tough decision. He had wanted to wear a set of fatigues. Mylea had agreed with him.  Lisa and the Queen had thought his Mountie dress uniform would be best. However, McGregor had weighed in by saying, “Boss, look you should show up in your regular office dress, nothing special. This way you don’t show contempt, and you don’t tell those pompous wind bags that they are overly important.”
“I think you’re right.” Wilson said, when he went to dress he had found that his steward had laid out his normal work outfit, and had added two of his ribbons from his marine corps days in addition to his two or three citations from his Mounted Patrol days. Dominating the ribbon holder was the baby blue, star speckled ribbon of the Imperial Medal of Honor.  Next to it was his Navy Cross.  In all he had over thirty or forty ribbons he could wear.  His steward had known how to prepare his charge for his testimony.  
So when Wilson presented himself before the House of Lords he was dressed in his normal work day office uniform. Accompanying him were Mylea, who was there at his request, and as was the Crown Attorney.  Mylea was slowly becoming his aid. She had been working mostly out of his office except for the short periods of time when the Queen drafted her for a short errand.  Wilson felt guilty about using her this way. Every time they had worked together she had been the boss and he had been her senior NCO. Now he was the boss and she was his most trusted assistant.
Princess Carroll was watching from the gallery. As she saw Wilson and Mylea come to rigid attention the princess smiled. She along with the Queen had gone over the testimony he was to present to the Lords. The Crown’s Attorney had tried every trick he knew to get Wilson to blow his cool. But nothing rattled the retired marine. Wilson was cool under fire.
“And who pray are you?” The Speaker asked.
“I am Lord Michael Aaron Wilson, Knight Commander of the Terrestrial Empire, and Marshal of the Trena Royal Constabulary.”  Michael replied.
“Lord Ramsey is this the individual you have requested.” The speaker asked.
“Yes, your Lordship,” Lord Ramsey replied.
“Before this proceeding gets underway, Sir Mike I wish to express my regards to you and your family. You and Admiral Wilson were instrumental in rescuing my daughter ten years ago. I never did get a chance to thank you.”
“Your Lordship,” Wilson returned, “I am pleased that you daughter was returned to you safely. I hope she is well?”
“She is that,” The Speaker replied.
“Shall we begin,” The minority whip asked impatiently. The speaker nodded, and the minority whip began,
“Lord Wilson what is your current position?”
“I am currently the Marshall of the Trena Constabulary.” Wilson who had been through legislative hearings before both here on Trena and on Terra answered only what his position was.
“Marshall of the Trena Constabulary,” The minority whip commented, “Under whose authority? I mean how were you appointed to this position?”
“The Queen came to my home showed me a briefing and then asked me to be the Marshall of the Trena Constabulary. Later I was sworn in as the Marshall of the Trena Constabulary.” Wilson replied.
“Are you aware that your appointment and swearing in is illegal?” The lord asked.
“No your lordship,” Wilson replied.
“I see. You are aware that your position requires the approval of the House of Lords before your appointment.” Lord Ramsey asked.
“Your Lordship,” Wilson replied, “I am aware that under normal circumstances that the Queen would recommend a person for this position and that in time the House of Lords would then approve a nominee, or present one of their own.  However these are not normal times.”
“No. They are not,” Lord Ramsey replied, “But there is enough time to hold an approval hearing.”
“Yes sir,” Wilson said, “and provided this hearing does not drag on for months I may be able to do the job I have been commissioned to undertake. Be assured that until such a time that this body makes a decision as to my status I will continue with my commission.”
“Lord Wilson until such a time as we the members of the House of Lords approves your appointment as Marshal of the Constabulary the position will be vacant.” the minority whip replied acid dripping from his voice.
“Your lordship,” Wilson spoke softly, “The Queen’s Attorney has advised the Queen that with the invoking of the emergency powers that the constitution grants the monarchy, the Queen can fill such positions she’s deems critical to the management and containment of the emergency. She can do this without consultation with Parliament.  As the Queen has declared an emergency, and has deemed that the position of Marshal of the Constabulary is vital to the safe and timely containment of this emergency; she has appointed me as the Marshal.”
“Creating a constitutional crisis,” The minority whip said acidly.
“Only if you choose to make it so,” Wilson returned his voice now had a cold edge that matched the look in his eyes. Ramsey couldn’t hold eye contact with Wilson. “Lord Ramsey. If you challenge this, the Crown is quite prepared to take the appropriate action. Regardless of the outcome of today’s political exercise you will not stop the disaster that is about to befall our world. This political exercise is delaying the work that my staff and the Queen should be doing to ensure that the citizens of Trena are evacuated to safety. Delaying the work that we need to get done could be considered treason.”
The chamber had become as quiet as a grave yard in the small hours of the night. To mention treason in this chamber was serious business. Now the entire chamber was waiting for Wilson to accuse Lord Ramsey of being a traitor.
“Lord Wilson,” Lord Ramsey said softly, “Are you leveling a charge of treason against anyone in this body?”
“No sir,” Wilson said, he hadn’t told the Queen, or the Queen’s Attorney that he was planning to say what he had just said.  He wanted to get everyone’s attention and keep it. He didn’t want to spar with the Lord. He wanted to move from the potential constitutional crisis to the emergency at hand. “No sir! That is not my intention. I am only stating that if we spend days in hearings that drag out for months that we betray the people who have put their trust in us and expect us to work to bring them and their children to safety.”
“You are of course right,” The Speaker commented. He was pondering how to move forward when Lord South Hampton spoke.
“Will the Lord yield five minutes?” The Lord South Hampton called.
“I’ll yield five minutes to the lord.” Lord Ramsey called wanting to find a way to break Wilson’s ice hard glare without appearing to be a coward.
“I move that the House of Lords approve Lord Wilson as Marshal of the Trena Constabulary without debate.” South Hampton called.
“I second the motion!” a voice in the back of the hall.
Lord South Hampton called, “I call the question!”
“The motion has been dully made and seconded, and there is a call for the motion to be approved” The speaker called, “Those in favor press the green yes button. Those opposed press the red no button. You have the remainder of the time yielded to Lord Southland to vote your pleasure.”
Lord Ramsey was caught. He could try some parliamentary trick to delay the vote or to even to stop it but that could be construed as treason. Lord Ramsey turned to South Hampton and nodded as he went to his seat in the chamber. He of course voted against Wilson. 
The tally board was projected in the air in front of the speaker’s podium. Slowly within the last few minutes of Lord Southland’s time the assembled nobles in the House of Lords voted on Wilson’s appointment to Marshal of the Trena Constabulary. It was not a close vote. The Royalists party in the House of Lords held the majority of seats in the chamber. Almost as one the Royalist Party voted for Wilson some one hundred and ten nobles of the Royalist Party voting for him but what surprised the Queen was that fully three quarters of the Contra Party voted for him too. This gave him another thirty votes cast for him. The remaining sixty votes were either against him, abstained, or were not in the chamber. The final vote when it was tallied showed 140 for Wilson and only 50 against him.
When the voted had been taken , the Speaker called, “The scribe will record that on this day, that the House of Lords has approved the Queen’s recommendation of Lord Michael Aaron Wilson, Knight Commander of the Terrestrial Empire as Marshal of the Trena Constabulary. As such the Marshal is entitled to all privileges and rights as The Marshal of the Trena Constabulary.”
“The scribe so records the result of the vote,” The scribe called.
When the chamber settled down, the speaker spoke, “Lord Ramsey, you may continue.”
“Thank you my lord.” The minority whip replied then turned to the man he had hoped to remove as the marshal. Now that would be impossible. Instead he asked, “Lord Wilson what are your plans for the evacuation?”
“I am still putting it together.  A few of the pieces are falling together but there are still some things I am trying to put together.” Marshal Wilson answered.
“Such as,” the lord asked.
“My staff for one,” Wilson said, “I have one or two people who work with me.  But I am still trying to put together the staff I need to advise me and to help plan the evacuation.  This job is mostly resource management.  Either managing the people who are doing the work, or making sure the resources they need are there for them.  I can open a door, I can request that such a thing be placed somewhere but I can’t do it alone.”
“You have the resources of the Militia,” The Rammer said, “Is that not enough?”
“They have man power, as do the police and the fire departments,” Wilson said “but I also need planers and builders.  I need logistics people who can get things moved. Some of these may not be in the military. One of my best resources is the CEO of Boeing Space Works.  If he can pull off what he is promising we’ll have enough space lift.  I am still working on star lift.”
“What staff do you have,” the lord asked thinking he could maybe cause them grief.  Maybe come up with something that the house has to approve them
“Very few sir,” Wilson replied, “I’m still putting a staff together. Deputy Chief Atomi temporarily has consented to be my aid. The Queen’s attorney is acting as my general consul. Princess Carroll although representing the people of Earth, will be a consultant, the Thonian ambassador will be acting also as a consultant. The manager of the Boeing Space Craft Works will be my manufacturing coordinator. General Qoum is on board he will continue to work as the militia commander.  There are a few more names I am considering.”
“What other staff do you need? Can we be of help?” Rammer asked.
“I am following the incident command system and incident management system trying to make a hybrid system that uses the best of both systems. They allow emergency management people to manage an emergency efficiently. It just hasn’t been done on this scale before.  I am still considering what positions I need to fill. I could over staff this thing big time. Which could be self-defeating.”
“What do you need to get this job done?” Rammer asked.
“People, time, and resources,” Wilson replied, “All of which is being made available to me either by the crown, or friends of Trena.”
“When do you expect to have a plan?” The Rammer asked.
“As soon as my staff is put together I can better answer that question.  But parts of it are coming together now. At this time I am not ready to discuss the plan as it hasn’t been fully formed and I feel the Queen, since she hired me so to speak has the first review privileges of it.”
“So you think it might be what weeks?” the Rammer pushed a bit.
“Not more than a couple of weeks sir,” Wilson replied, “The sooner I get out of here the sooner I can devote my time and energies to the task I have been commissioned to do.  I have spent most of the weekend prepping for this meeting; not reviewing the things I need to get done or getting people settled in their jobs.”
“I see,” The Rammer said, Wilson had told him that he was slowing down the process. He wasn’t getting anywhere with this man it was time let Lords have at him!
“Do any of the lords have questions for this crown official?” The minority whip asked.
“Lord Ramsey,” Lord Winterhaven spoke up, “I have questions for the marshal.”
“Proceed,” Lord Ramsey replied.
“Last week,” the elderly Winterhaven started, “Forces of the Earth Empire abducted several thousands of our citizens to imperial worlds. Were you aware of this?”
“Your lordship,” Wilson replied, “What are you talking about? I know of no abductions.”
“Elements of the imperial marines and interstellar rescue serve were allowed remove critically ill citizens from their convalescent homes.”
“Oh,” Wilson said then continued, “pursuant to the powers invested in my office I authorized the Imperial Interstellar Rescue Service to evacuate such individuals who were infirm to worlds where their continued medical care would not be in jeopardy by the evacuation of trained medical personnel.  Every soul that was evacuated were persons who could not be rehabilitated prior to when they must be off world. Some of the people we evacuated were the soul survivors of their family or were in such states that they couldn’t take care of themselves.  The Empire loaned me the hospital ships and I took advantage of it.”
“Were they given the opportunity to refuse their forcible evacuation to Earth?”
“Yes sir, those that were conscience and who met the current standards of competency.” the marshal replied. “When apprised of the situation, and the fact that the evacuees were given a grant of 1,000 crowns to assist in their relocation they said they wanted to be evacuated. The crown is also picking up any costs associated with their medical recovery.”
“The nursing home owners whose patients you took against their will...” The lord continued.
“May I Lord Wilson,” The Queen’s Attorney spoke softly to Wilson. Wilson nodded. After a second Lord Mercer spoke, “Lord Winterhaven some of the nursing home owners whose patients have been removed from their care have on close examination of their books by my staff were found to be over charging their patients or their patients’ families for years. An investigation by the Ministry of Health indicates that many of the people were receiving poor treatment and that once in the care of the medical personnel of the Imperial Interstellar Rescue Service, many of these same persons improved dramatically. So much so that some of the expectant patients are now expected to recover. Admiral Klond, Surgeon General of the Interstellar Rescue Service, has documented each of these cases with her surgeons, and physicians swearing affidavits to the conditions they have found in the nursing homes, the conditions of the people they found and the treatment they have received since their rescue and evacuation. Should the lord’s clients and constituents wish to pursue the matter the Crown is quite willing to entertain their legislation before the Queen’s Bench.”
Lord Mercer, the Crown’s attorney had not only thrown down the gauntlet; but had picked it up and slapped the lords face with it.
“However the Queen has instructed my office to only pursue those issues that directly affect the safe and orderly evacuation of our people.”  The Queen’s Attorney said unemotionally. 
The room was quiet, finally Lord Winterhaven said, “Lord Mercer, I will concede that the citizens now on their way to safety in the Empire are in good hands. The nursing home owners will be dealt with as appropriately. I yield to Lord Ramsey.”
“Are there any other questions for the Marshal?” Lord Ramsey asked. When there were none the Lord turned to the Speaker of the House of Lords, “I have no further questions for this witness sire. He is free to go.” 
The Speaker nodded and the bailiff turned toward Marshal Wilson, and spoke, “Marshal Wilson, the House of Lords thanks you for your time by testifying before this body. You are free to go.”
Wilson stood turned towards the Queen bowed then towards the speaker and bowed again. He did a parade ground about face and left the hall with Mylea and Lord Mercer beside him.
When they were safely in the limo Wilson commented, “The Rammer certainly doesn’t like us.  I hear he wants to put General McMillan in my place and feels that the impacts can be survived.”
“I’ve heard that too,” Mercer remarked. “A couple of the Contras have been feeding me back door information. One of them told me about a meeting between Rammer and a couple of junk scientists.”
“I heard that he’s got a hard place for you,” Wilson commented.
“Rammer's been pissed since I turned out to be a stronger regent than he wanted for the Queen,” Lord Mercer replied, “the Contras wanted to basically destroy the house of Macalister and put the house of Ramsey in its place.  This is just a continuation of his battle.  Yes, he is a much unhappy camper. We’ll have to be careful what we do with him.  If he winds up in a position of power on a planet we colonize he could cause us much grief.”
“My nobility is tied to Earth, not to Trena,” Mike said, “In fact on Trena I shouldn’t be addresses as lord at all.  Marshal for sure, or Mr. maybe; but not lord.  So what I am thinking should we colonize a new world the Trena Nobility might not exist. The Queen is certain that her monarchy is tied to Trena.”
“Yes,” Larry replied, “In fact her great grandfather made provisions in the charter so that Trena cannot charter a colony.  The royal constitution prohibits it.  We may have to change that or we may not be able to move our people onto a new world. It’s something to consider.”
As the limo pulled away the communicator clamored for attention. Mylea picked it up.
“Atomi,” she said into the hand set. She tapped on the window, when it slid down behind the driver, “We need to be at Lemay’s now.”
“Aye Commander,” The driver said.
“What’s up,” Mike asked.
“The Companions just stopped a closer operation,” Mylea replied. Then back to the phone, “Evac 1 is on the way.”
McGregor was on the other hand set, “This is Mac, Where is Lady Wilson?” He listened a bit and said, “Okay,” He listened a bit more, “Lady Wilson is not to be made aware of why the security is being upgraded. Also I want the Queen’s detail told what’s happened and let them make the appropriate decision.”
Wilson nodded. It was the right decision. If a closer team was on planet they would be after any escaped clone, and Lisa. “Mac, have one of your guys run the known closers against all incoming passengers for the last few weeks.”
“Good idea sire,” Mac said, he relayed the suggestion then added one of his own, “The entire protective detail is to review the entire closer file.”
“Make sure the photos are put up on the Mounted net, I want every cruiser and cop in the kingdom to have access to the file.” Mylea ordered, and chuckled. Wilson gave her a puzzled look. “Sarge they can put the girl in an office, assisting the rulers of our world, but they can’t take the cop out of the girl.”
“I know,” Wilson replied, “This is going to be tough.  A cop for nearly thirty years doesn’t stop being one that easy.”
Chapter 2: A Fine Mess
It was lunch time and Valerie Mitchum was waiting tables in the small diner where she had found some work. She met the owner a few days after she had left the shelter. Lottie had given her a free meal and allowed her to hang out during the day. Eventually she began waiting tables and helping out. Lottie had been watching her over the last week or so, and had finally hired her last week. Mitch was thrilled. It was the very first job she had ever had. Between what Lottie was paying her and the tips she was making they were enough to pay for a room in an apartment on the top floor of South Mall. It wasn’t much but it did beat sleeping on the streets like she had been doing since she had left the shelter. So far Lottie had been pleased with her. She was easy to work for and didn’t mind showing her things. Lottie had taken Mitch along when she purchased fresh produce for her coffee shop. 
Lottie was a gamma bioperson. Although there had been bios on the Adventure, she had never gotten to know them as well as she did Lottie and her husband, Gaylord. Until she had met Lottie and Gaylord she had never been around bios. Over the last few weeks, she had come to know both bios as much was possible to in a short time. They had escaped from the empire, why they hadn’t shared with her yet. She suspected it was something very dark. Something she suspected they seldom talked about even among themselves.
Mitch, with her tables all caught up, was taking a breather watched in horror as a hulk of a woman that Lottie had just put a glass of water and a menu before her, reached up and grabbed Lottie by the biowoman’s hair.
L’eam and F’rena, members of the Companions, were stopping by Lemay’s. A thonian in the Mounted Patrol had recommended the restaurant. When it was time for their morning break, they had made a point of stopping by. The food was good. The owners had made them feel welcomed earlier, especially a young girl on the verge of womanhood who had been their server earlier in the day. When the lifemated pair found out that they cooked Thonian foods they had to come back for lunch. More so since the owners were a couple of biopeople; not Thonians and it was a widely held belief that only Thonians could cook Thonian foods correctly. They were just stepping into the small coffee house when they noticed that a hulk of a woman had grabbed Lottie, the owner, by the hair and was pulling her out into the middle of the restaurant.
“You dirty filthy half-witted cunt!” the woman was yelling, “The company has come to collect you. You are going back to the vat!” She lifted the woman up and threw her against the floor. As the two MP pulled their side arms the woman took a knife out of her cloak. She grabbed the biowoman again by the hair and slashed the woman across the face a couple of times.
Not understanding why, Mitch jumped onto the back of the woman assaulting Lottie, trying to rescue her friend.  But the hulk threw Mitch off her with back with her free hand, throwing Mitch into a wall knocking the breath out of her. As she struggled to get her breath and stand up to try again, she saw the Thonians. 
“That will be enough!” The male of the two MPs said in near perfect Terrish. He held his service weapon in both hands squarely at the clone’s attacker.
“Screw you!” the woman said. She was one of a squad of closers led by Captain Martha Hozenbur. They had been dispatched by the Security Coordinator at EBio’s Headquarters on Earth to finish some unfinished business on Trena.  This bio had been on the escape list for more than a decade. They had suspected that she was on Trena, but this was the first indication that the bio was on Trena. She had stumbled upon the biowoman by accident. She had been taking a walk through the flea market, just walking not working at all when she saw her.  The bioperson was accompanied by a teenager as they bought some nick knacks from a vendor.  She was certain that this was the biowoman that had escaped from the company ten years settingbefore, setting a fire in a security barracks. The closer thought about killing the biowoman right then and there. She thought better of it. In the Empire she could kill the halfwit and no one would charge her with nothing more serious than disturbing the peace.  On Trena, she would be charged with murder.  Captain Hozenbur had made sure each and every one of her closers knew what the risks were coming to Trena. They were all committed to closing the clone CD 1984 AOSP’s file, otherwise known as Lady Wilson.  She was a special project they had been brought in for; but they were supposed to close as many files of any biopeople they found. They wanted to make sure that every escaped bioperson on Trena knew that they still belonged to the EBio.
 “You piece of filthy scum.” She shifted her hold on the biowoman so she could slit Lottie’s throat. “I am going to close your file!”
 “I said that will be quite enough,” The companion repeated, “Do that again and I will take you down.”
For an answer the closer slit the biowoman’s throat. The MP fired one time into the closer’s heart, killing her instantly.  He put the weapon on the counter as his lifemate called it in. The Thonian bent down checked for a pulse on both women. He shook his head. Both women were dead.
Valerie Mitchum watched in horror; as the Thonian put a table cloth over Lottie.  She did not want to believe that Lottie had been killed right in front of her. Lottie was the gentlest woman she had ever known. She had befriended the teenager for the last couple of weeks. She had given Mitch a free meal a couple of nights. She was becoming a good friend. Now she was dead.  
“Are you okay Miss,” The tall thonian woman knelt down in front of her.
“No,” felling suddenly sick Mitch got to her feet and ran the restroom. When she was through getting sick into the sink she went out into the restaurant and saw the arrival of an ambulance.  
When the Trena Mounted Patrol Homicide Unit arrived, the lead detective looked first at the biowoman and then at the dead closer then turned to the MP, “You couldn’t have just wounded the closer?”
“No sir,” The MP said, “A wounded closer is much more dangerous than a dead one. She had killed one person and I wasn’t sure she was not going to kill another.”
“Okay.” The Mounted Patrol officer replied, he had worked with Thonian MPs before and knew they wouldn’t fire unless they had too.  The cop searched the woman and found her company ID and saw that she was part of an Ebio Containment and Alignment team.  It amazed him how the company worked.  If he had been on a world that made it a habit of making life difficult for Ebio Containment and Alignment teams, he sure wouldn’t have carried an ID tying him to the Ebio. The Mounted officer looked at the Thonian MP and said, “She was a closer all right. She would have done you next if she could.”
“I thought you guys stopped closers at the port.” The MP replied.
“We register them, read them the riot act and let them go.  We can’t legally touch them until they break our laws.  We have some closers on world who have retired, or defected. We have to give them the benefit of the doubt or we become just as bad as them. Good shot.” he said “Who are the witnesses?”
“That young lady,” the Thonian said pointing to Valerie Mitchum. 
The cop walked to where Valerie was standing. He knew her immediately. He had arrested her for shop lifting a couple of weeks ago, he had been in a grocery when she tried to shop lift some food. To his knowledge the kid hadn’t been in trouble since, “Mitch, how you been doing?”
“I don’t know,” the teenager answered. She had never seen anything like that ever. Her stomach was still queasy. She still couldn’t believe she had jumped on that woman’s back. 
“Why you here,” the detective asked.
“I am working here for Lottie or was.” She pointed to the now covered body of her friend.
“What did you see,” the cop asked. He turned on his pad and recorded the girl’s statement. “It backs up what the companions said. Where are you staying?”
“I’ve a room in an apartment at the mall,” Mitch replied. “But not for long. If Lottie’s husband closes this place I’ll be out of a job.”
“Here,” the cop gave her a ten credit note that he was going to use for lunch the next couple of days. He shouldn’t do it. She was a witness in the murder he was investigating. If someone saw what he did they might question Valerie’s statement.
“Thank you,” Mitch took the note. She answered a few more questions and was told to stick around for a while. She was standing outside a few minutes later when a large car with the royal crest on it pulled up. She recognized one of the people who got out of the car as Marshal Wilson. She wasn’t certain who the thonian woman was, who accompanied him enter Lottie’s. The Marshal looked around a bit and left the restaurant to stand next to the car that brought them. Mitch was still sitting on a bench waiting to be allowed to leave when she overheard Officer Caruthers making his report to the Marshal.
“It’s a righteous shooting. The MP did it by the numbers, and was backed up by the others in the restaurant. Victim number one is Lottie the owner of the restaurant. She was DOA when Trenaport Fire and Rescue arrived.  She was killed by victim number two. Victim number two was killed by Warrior L’eam Re’Ta of the 83rd MP Battalion when the woman killed victim number one and wouldn’t stand down. Victim number Two or the killer, we’re tentatively identifying at Roberta Foster. This is based on the EBio identification she was carrying identifies her as Roberta Foster. Ironically it puts her as an EBio Containment and Alignment officer. What the company calls a closer.  She didn’t come through the space port. So she must have been smuggled in. We may be able to track her movements. Forensics will run everything there is to find on her. We may get lucky.”
“Okay,” Wilson said, “I want a full review. I want it to go through the entire system. I want those two officers on desk duty while this is settled.  It sounds like a righteous action; but I want it to be proved.”
“Yes sir,” The man had sat in on Wilson’s principles of internal affairs course and knew what the Marshal was after. All police involved shootings had to be proved one way or the other, and they have to be one hundred percent open to public scrutiny. “Just the way you taught us sir.”
The thonian with the Marshal waited for the inspector to finish his report and then came up to Wilson, “Typical closer operation. Grab the clone and brutalize the poor victim, and then kill her. She had cut the girl’s face a couple of times and then knowing that she was going to be killed slit the woman’s throat.”
“Mac,” Wilson turned to a tall huskily built, sandy haired man, “You’ll have this in writing before the end of the day; but as of now any closer seen around the palace, the Queen, my family, or that of Mylea’s; you have permission to close their file! You’ll have your hunting license soon.”
“Aye sir,” the huskily built man replied. Mitch wondered what the Marshal had meant by a hunting license.
“Boss,” Mitch watched one of the men in suits poked the husky sandy haired man in the ribs. Mitch thought the man was distracted. She wondered what he was distracted over.
Mac had been deep in thought when his subordinate had elbowed him in his ribs. Unlike his troops, he had been distracted by his charge’s statement.  He followed his subordinates pointing finger.
“Shit,” Mac cursed, turned to Wilson, “Sir Mike, it’s time to leave.”
“I see them,” Wilson replied, and got into the limo. Mitch watched the limo pull away wondering what would become of her now that Lottie was dead. 
She saw Gaylord his face ashen as he walked with the body of his wife to a vehicle with the words Trenaport Coroner on it. As the body was packed into the vehicle Mitch went to Gaylord and held him. They both walked into the restaurant and soon were crying each other’s arm. 
###
Jill Wilson was sitting in her room working through a history lesson about the early days of the Trenan Star Nation with the Holo running in the background when out of the corner of her eye she saw her father on the Holo. He was standing with her Aunt Mylea listening to a man who was dressed in a business suit. Jill guessed he might be a cop. Just the way he stood and his haircut indicated he might have spent a good deal of his life in uniform. She had seen many like that in and around her grandmother’s home and her parents’ home here on Trena. As the camera panned back to the restaurant it briefly came to rest on a young woman with long black hair and a perfect figure.
A voice was saying “About an hour ago. A woman entered this restaurant and killed the owner.  Two members of the Companion Military Police unit walked into the restaurant as the woman killed Lottie, the owner.  The two Thonian MPs killed the woman. The woman is reputed to be a special security officer from Ebio. The owner a woman named Lottie was a bioengineered human.”
Jill watched the news story until they went back to normal programming and then went in search of her step mother.
“Lisa did you hear?” Jill she burst out as she entered the study interrupting Lisa and her housekeeper as they planned the next week.
“Did I hear what,” Lisa snapped. Although she would have preferred that the teenager had not interrupted them; she decided not to chastise the girl. This was the first time the girl had shown any rudeness since she had been in the house.
“There’s been a bioperson killed.” Jill said and Lisa looked to Georgia who simply nodded.  Until Jill had burst in on them, she assumed that the agent was just checking up on her. She turned from Georgia to hear what the girl was saying, “Two companions walked in on an assault and tried to stop it but not before she was killed. Dad was on the news with Aunt Mylea.  They mentioned something about the woman that the companions killed was a special security officer from Ebio.”
“A Closer,” Lisa retorted, “That’s not good!”
Lisa was furious.  Lady Wilson had noticed that Georgia had quietly entered the study a little while before.  She had a right to be told why the security unit had increased its presence in her home and about her family. She felt Georgia should have said something to her as she came into the study. She cooled out a bit as Georgia had simply done what she had been told to do. 
As she cooled out she became concerned.  Closers were a fact of life on Trena every so often. Every time one of these closer units showed up on Trena, it caused a panic in the bioengineered community. Often one or two murders and several disappearances would be reported.  The Trena Mounted Patrol had a special squad that dealt with the closers.  Usually the Mounties dealt with the closers as harshly if not as brutality as the closers were to her brothers and sisters.
“Aunt Mylea said they were really bad people,” Jill’s voice interrupted her thoughts, “Aren’t they here to capture you and Dad?”
“They’ll try,” her step mother responded.
“Are you and dad that much of a threat to Ebio?” Jill asked.
“Jill,” Lisa started; but didn’t know what to tell her step daughter. There was a lot of her past she hadn’t told her husband about. She felt Michael should hear it first from her before she shared it with anyone else. She really didn’t want to keep secrets from the girl; but now wasn’t the time to share them with her. Lady Wilson looked at the girl and continued, “Yes. Of all the biopeople that have escaped, none have ever been CDB’s.    Then there is some information that I know that the company doesn’t want to see the light of day. There are a few other reasons they want me partly because who I was!”
“Who were you,” Jill asked.
“I was a Containment and Alignment officer,” Lisa replied, “They get pretty upset when people like me leave C & A teams. We know too much. They are afraid who I might share what I know with. They assume I have told your father.” 
“So these closers are here to take you and Dad some place you can’t talk.” Jill asked.
“Yes,” Lisa answered, not knowing how far to go with this. Jill needed to know more about the company she was the major stock holder in; but Lisa wasn’t too certain if she should be the one to tell her about it. She was after all highly prejudiced when it came to Ebio. 
“But why did they kill that biowoman?” Jill asked,
“To try to intimidate and terrorize the biopeople who have sought refuge on Trena.” Lisa answered. “But all closers aren’t assassins Jill. In the early days they did do some good. When Company officers or managers tried to sell clones without the company knowing about it or some other skullduggery the closers tried to at first to keep things from getting out of hand. But then closers became assassins as they tried to apprehend the escaped clones.”
“Why haven’t I heard more of this? I know that Grand mom and Princess Carol didn’t tell me about my heritage in the company, but I thought I would hear about these closers.”
“You might have heard them referred to as Earth Bioengineering Containment and Alignment Teams.” Lisa said, “We were the company’s special forces.”
“You were part of them?” Jill asked incredulously, she couldn’t believe that her step mother was the type of person to be associated with the woman who had killed the clone.
“For a short period of time,” Lisa said, “I escaped from a containment team.”
There was a lot more than just escaping from the containment team. A lot more but Jill didn’t need to know the details. Yet! 
Jill was quiet and Georgia looked at her charge in a new light. There was something about Lisa that Georgia couldn’t quite place, and now it made a little sense. Lisa had a discipline that she herself wished she had.
“They are on Trena,” Jill asked, “For you and Dad?”
“Yes,” Lisa said, “But for more than what I am. The Company does want me back. Over the years I seemed to be at the right place and the right time to keep the company from doing things they shouldn’t.  A couple of the company security people and a couple of company execs are a little ticked off. There’s more. Jill; I don’t want to keep secrets from you but there are some things that I will not discuss with you. You have to trust me when I say that today is not the time to discuss it.  We’ll sit down and talk about my time on the run and with the company with you; but not today.  For now just believe me when I say I never have nor will I harm anyone who isn’t harming me or mine.”
Seeing the intensity on her step mother’s face Jill knew that Lisa meant every word she had said. Jill decided to let it drop for now. It was obvious that Lisa didn’t want to talk about it. She would honor her step mother’s desire to speak about her past at a different time and place.  Which was probably for the best, as she was having some trouble with her mother’s statements. She needed to know more; but she would have to wait for it.
“Jill,” Lisa intruded onto her thoughts, “go with Maggie and help her in the kitchen to get ready for dinner tonight. Maggie please keep it simple, they’re coming from a gruesome scene and they may not want to have a big meal.”
“The Queen, Lord Mercer, General Alphine, and Chief Atomi were supposed to join you for dinner. Should I plan accordingly?” Maggie asked.
“Yes,” Lisa said, “They are going to want to go over Mike’s testimony in the House of Lords.” Lisa commented. 
“I listened for a while Mom,” Jill said, “I think Dad did okay. At least Lord Ramsey seemed to back down.”
“Yeah, Mike did do well,” Lisa said she had sat through the testimony in a small study she had found near the back of the house. It had surprised her. But it gave her a quiet place to work without the kids or people disturbing her. Maggie had later told her that it was the Queen Mums private study. The main study was for the kids and the family; but this small place was for the Queen Mum to get away from the family.  Lisa had adopted it and it soon became her special quiet place. Even Mike didn’t bother her in the study unless he had to. What surprised her though was that Jill had paid attention to her father’s testimony. She had to ask. Watching news programs was not a normal teenage activity. 
“I don’t understand these people,” Jill replied, “Why is it they hate dad so much!”
“It’s not your father,” Lisa answered, “Anyone who would disagree with their own vision of how to help would be grilled. They are just trying to make sure Michael and the Queen are taking care of business.”
“I see,” Jill said and started to go to the kitchen with the Housekeeper.
“Jill,” Lisa said softly, stopping the girl in her tracks, “Don’t take this wrong; but what are you doing watching the news. I mean I would have thought that you would be watching Trena Now, or some other thing geared toward you and your fellow kids?”
“Ever since you and dad disappeared, I always have had a news account. Trying to find out what happened to you. I was desperate to hear about you. So I thought the news might tell me.  If I knew how rich I was I would have hired a PI to find you! As it was I was limited to using an AI to help me to find you.  If I had not seen the swearing in on the Holo that night I wouldn’t be here now.”
“I see,” Lisa said, up until the evacuation they had tried to live as quiet a life as possible.
“Since I arrived on Trena I wanted to know more than I did about Trena. Watching the news helps, and of course anything about you or dad I am going to pay attention to.” Jill continued.
“I see,” Lisa said, “I was just curious. All right see what Maggie needs. Jill we’ll talk later about things.”
Chapter 3: The Closer’s Safe House
Hozenbur had found a safe house in the country. She had purchased it and taken it the day before. It was the perfect base to work form. They could see trouble coming from a long way away. It had a place they could throw any clones they were to take back. It also had a nice big open field nearby that could be used for a landing zone if needed; or bury any bodies. The house was fully self-contained and wouldn’t need to interact with any utility save, telecommunications.  She was unpacking her things when one of the closers came into her room.
“Captain, Foster’s gone,” The man said.
“What,” The security captain replied, “What do you mean gone?”
“They’re reporting on the news channels that a clone was killed by an undercover operative of Ebio who was killed by a Thonian military police officer.
“Fuck,” The captain said, “Do you know who she was going after? If she hasn’t gotten Lisa she’s wasted.”
“Some halfwit who owned a small eatery,” The man said.
“All right,” Hozenbur replied, “Pass the word that no out of season hunting.  If a clone can’t lead you to Lisa, then keep your hands of them. At least for the next week or so keep a fucking low profile.”
“I’ll get the word out.” The man left.
Hozenbur knew it was her own fault. She had told her closers to close as many files as possible and as brutally as possible, and not to worry about checking in with her when they did it. Their first task was to take down the clone Lisa CD1984 AOB the second task was to make every escaped clone know that their day of reckoning was near. But Lisa had to come first. She was the most legendary of the escapees. She had been on the run for over twenty years. She had escaped closers at least twice before. She had even engineered the rescue of a shipment of young clones none more than thirteen years old. No one in the company knew where they had gotten to.  Lisa had cost the company in just that one action 500 million imperials. She had allowed herself to be captured and manipulated the system to have her sent to Pleasure, ostensibly to be one of the play things the pimps provided their clients. Until a few weeks ago no one in company security had known where the halfwit had gotten to. Their instructions had been simple bring her in so she could be executed in front of a company breeding farm.  If they couldn’t bring her in; they were going to messily execute her in public and let it be known that the company would take care of its escapees. 
Although the company had been downsizing its cloning operation as it ventured into other endeavors, it was trying to recover as many clones as it could. There were two reasons for this. The first being that they were valuable property of the company or the individual their contracts had been sold to. The second being plain old fashioned physiological warfare against the clones. The clones were taught from the time they came into the world that the company was all powerful and knew what each and every one of them did even in their dreams, and in the most secret recesses of their minds.  That was why when a clone tried to escape and was captured in the process they were brutally punished. It was why female clones were raped in front of other clones, and why male clones were brutally castrated. If the clone was a breeding clone, all the clones in their line were simply exterminated, or revated as the company called it. The idea was to condition the clones into instant obedience.  While the company harshly punished escapees, the clones were not horribly treated when they behaved.  In order to get the most out of the clones, the clones often lived in better conditions than the people teaching them and managing them. It was counter-productive to training and developing the clones into the valuable products they were if they forced the clones to live in squalid, crowded, dingy oppressive housing, and horrible conditions while they were being developed.  Because of this Hozenbur didn’t understand why clones escaped.  Though she suspected that since most of the escapees were either delta clones, with the omega alpha coding, or the gamma’s, both of which were bred for high intelligence to be either doctors, nurses, or personal assistants to business people and others, that their intelligence was able to see what they really were.  They knew that regardless of how nice their surroundings were, how well they were taken care of, they were still sold like the slaves they were in all but name.
As Hozenbur thought about her situation, she had an idea that her way of life, the challenge of chasing escapees, bringing them back to the company would soon be a thing of the past. Something told her that this would be the last closure she would do, and it had better be done correctly and spectacularly.  She finished unpacking wondering if this current assignment was even worth completing.  
Chapter 4: At the Companion’s Headquarters
“Well,” Corithia asked her internal affairs team for the battalion as they came to her work station.
“Although the two of them should have attempted to talk the woman down, and arrest her, it was a righteous shooting. I am not filling any charges. The TMP isn’t going to prefer charges either and the unit leader does not want to prefer charges.  It’s a clean shoot.”
“But you feel that they should have tried to talk the woman down before they killed her.” Corithia asked. “Why?”
“All we know is that she’s an agent from Ebio, we don’t know if there are more of her comrades on planet, or if she’s working alone. We don’t know her mission.  We suspect that she is part of a team that works with a Captain Hozenbur, but we don’t know for sure, and we suspect she’s here to take down Lady Wilson. But we don’t know and her papers don’t say anything about her mission. She’s dead.  A dead woman can‘t be asked questions as to why she did what she did.  For all we know she’s a homicidal maniac.”
“Your recommendations,” Corithia asked.
“Chew them both out,” the IA team leader said, in the Companions, both lifemates were counseled at the same time as it was hard to determine where one personality started and the other ended. Just because L’eam pulled the trigger didn’t mean that F’rena hadn’t encouraged her lifemate to pull the trigger. “For being too fast on the gun, and then let them get back to work. This is the first time they’ve been in this type of trouble. Truthfully they did the right thing more or less.”
“Make it happen,” Corithia commanded.
“By your command,” The IA leader said and left.
Corithia looked at the pile of reports on her desk and mussed midnight no sooner. Mylea doesn’t know how lucky she is to have gotten out of this girl’s army, as she picked up the top report. I do more paperwork than police work. Her lifemate amusement distracted her for a bit, as he thought maybe their former commander did! Though she’s most likely doing more paper now than you are! She reluctantly agreed and let him know it would be midnight before he saw her.  He left her with a picture him in bed keeping it warm for her.
Chapter 5: In the Marshal’s Residence
After Maggie and Jill left, Lisa commented more to herself than to Georgia, “The bio community will be panicked big time. They always do when they hear closers are about. Page would you have Francine join me in the study?”
“Yes Lady Wilson,” The expert system responded and paged the woman who had been assigned as Lady Wilson’s secretary.
Lisa waited in the study for Francine to come to the study.  Although Artificial Intelligences were a fact of life, they often did not replace human help around offices, and homes. They couldn’t change a baby’s diaper, and couldn’t run a confidential errand for the home owner. In addition to being expert phone handlers, and stenographers, and word processors, their very strengths could also be the greatest problem for their owners. Their memory cores could never be erased. They could be called into court to testify against their owners, about everything they had seen and heard over their sensor net. Because of this human secretaries were often used for matters that their human owners wanted to remain confidential and not to see the light of day. For this and other reasons the palace had a large contingent of secretaries, clerks, pages and other human help to assist the royals in their day to day activities that needed to remain confidential.
When the Wilsons had moved onto the palace grounds, Lisa, as Marshal Wilson’s wife, Lady Wilson was accorded a small staff of her own. It not only included Maggie as her major domo and chief of staff, it included tutors for the children, a lady in waiting for Lisa, and a personal secretary. Most of the staff had been built up over the weeks they had been in the palace.  Lisa’s secretary had been very carefully picked.  The Palace personnel office staff had painstaking gone through their staff records and found Francine. Francine was working in the palace office of the Queen’s Attorney. She was a secretary, and paralegal in Lord Mercer’s office. Nothing that leaked out of the Queen’s Attorney’s office had ever been traced back to her. When dining in the staff dining rooms, she refused to indulge in the idle gossip that the other support staff did, and would often be heard clearing her throat when one of her coworkers was telling something they shouldn’t. The kicker in the choice was a Francine’s back ground. 
Francine was not an escaped clone or a refuge, she was an emancipated bioperson. She was working for the Galactic Council’s Interstellar Trade Committee as a legal aide. She had been on Trena to investigate a complaint against the Trena Commerce Commission. She had just finished a meeting with the commission’s rep and had just gotten back to the hotel, when the assistant delegation leader asked her to dinner. The older man had been flirting with her since they have left the council’s headquarters. So she had relented and went to dinner with him. All through dinner Julian had flirted with her. After dinner as they got very friendly in the back of cab she encouraged him to go farther. They saw a hotel on their way back to theirs and decided to satisfy their lust immediately. It was as she took off her clothes in the room they had taken that the nightmare had begun. She remembered being thrown on the bed and the last of her clothes being torn off. She tried to take Julian’s off but Julian hand had her firmly restrained. That was when Julian had slapped her. She sometimes enjoyed rough sex. But it had stopped being enjoyable when he took the bottle of wine they had bought and used it as a sex toy. The last she thing remembered, before waking in the palace clinic, was the incredible pain in her hands. 
The advance protective team for King Ralph was securing the perimeter of a theatre where the king and queen were going to attend a play latter in the morning when they found where Francine had been dumped. Had the team not been setting a post in the alley between a hotel and the theatre Francine would have never been found alive. Francine was in a sorry state. Both of her hands had been broken, her ribs kicked in, and she was near death. The detailed called for EMS, but the head of the detail scooped her up and laid her in the back of the large vehicle they called the war wagon. The detail broke out their aid kits, as the team leader told one of his team to get them to the palace. The clinic there, was actually the closet trauma facility. As the team worked to keep the biowoman alive, the team leader didn’t even think that the biowoman was any type of security threat to the royal family. Biopeople were seldom involved in assassination attempts. Why he didn’t know. He knew of no plot against his principles, and to his knowledge the royal family had made the decision to attend the children’s play at diner the night before.
As they began to treat her wounds, they found out she was part of a Galactic Council delegation. The royal family insisted on caring for her in the palace infirmary. The head of the delegation did stop by the palace to check on his legal aide. Seeing how injured she was and with the royal physician saying she shouldn’t be moved, Trade Delegate Anthony made the decision to leave her in the palace physician’s care. He made arrangements for her stuff to be brought to the palace. Months later she had been surprised when her first disability payment arrived. It wasn’t much; but it would cover her living expenses.
As she recovered from her injuries the palace personnel office interviewed her. Finding that she was a paralegal with knowledge in interstellar law, they asked if the crown attorney could use her. They had just hired a new attorney in the crown attorney’s palace office who needed a paralegal. She worked as a secretary while she went to school to be certified as a paralegal in the Trena legal system. Years later she had heard that her assailant had been killed when he had tried to beat up another victim. 
Francine had been on the palace staff for nearly fifty years. She was a fixture on the palace staff. Some of the staff was afraid of her. Even the Queen was a little hesitant around the biowoman. She had been known to clear her throat in the staff dining room when staff members were telling tales about the royals they shouldn’t be. She had made members of the staff of Crown Attorney her family. Never missing a birthday, or wedding gift. Although imposing she was well like in the crown offices. No one really knew what she did after hours. Her private life was just that private. They had no idea she was associated with the social clubs and organizations that helped bios acclimate to Trena. Lisa was not a complete stranger to her.  Francine had met Lisa a couple times at associations meetings, and had been impressed with the younger woman. When the personnel office offered her the position of Lady’s Wilson’s secretary she didn’t hesitate.  She had been assigned the next day much to the annoyance of the Queen’s Attorney who had come to depend on the woman. 
When Lisa was introduced to Francine, they surprised everyone that they knew each other. When the palace chief of staff told Lisa that Francine was to be her secretary and aide, Francine thought Lisa was not going to let her become part of her staff. Lisa insisted that she was simply a housewife who didn’t need all this attention. She really didn’t want the extra attention and staff. She wanted to continue to be Lisa, a part time healer, and full time wife and mother. Francine, who had never married, and had few liaisons, surprisingly understood. The men and women in the Queen’s Attorney’s office had become her children, and family.  Francine asked to be left alone with Lady Wilson. The security team simply withdrew and nodded at the others to do the same.
“Lady Wilson,” Francine had spoken softly, “Many of the biopeople on Trena admire you. You have become a legend among our people who have escaped to Trena.” she held up her hand to silence the younger woman, “I know Lady Wilson, you never intended to do that. But you have become legendary in the way you have helped escaped clones to safety before you married Lord Wilson. No one really knew who you were, but they always knew that if you could help, you would help. Always being one step ahead of the Closers who wanted you bad. I started hearing about you twenty years or so ago. There are quite a few clones on Trena who are here only because you managed to help them get out. They have let you have your peace and quiet life when they found out you were here. There has been a concerted effort to make sure your whereabouts have not been sent back to the company.”
“So what does this have to do with me needing a personal secretary,” Lisa had asked softly.
“Ma’am,” Francine replied, “you will need help in conducting the day to day business of being Lord Wilson’s spouse. It isn’t stuff that an AI couldn’t do, but at your rank ma’am, yes rank, you need someone who knows how to make things happen for your family, and spouse. I can do things for you that Maggie, and the rest staff can’t. Lady Wilson, you have been a personal secretary to important people and you know what some of their duties are, and what they can do for their principles.” Lisa nodded, she had once or twice had taken a job as a secretary for various persons. “This is the Queen’s decision ma’am. They interview three or four others before they chose me and the Queen insisted that I become your personal secretary. The Queen talked to me before I came over here, and she read me the riot act.  She also said that you might be stubborn. She told me I wasn’t to mention our conversation period. I told her plain and simple that if you didn’t want a secretary that I would go back to the Queen’s Attorney’s office and no one would be the wiser.”
“The Queen picked you huh?” Lisa asked. The older clone nodded. “Well far be it from me to go against the Queen’s wishes.”
From that day forward Lisa and Francine had become an unbeatable team. Francine knew everything about everyone. When someone tried to use Lisa to influence Michael, Francine would hand her mistress a file on the individual. It often held information that was not in the AI and was known only to the Queen’s Attorney’s office. It was very privilege information. It could be devastating when Lisa asked if so and so company shareholder knew the real profit margin of the company. The word was getting out, that Lisa was not a trophy wife.
Now as Francine entered the study the older clone said, “I heard. I’m on it. Here’s what I know.”
Those three sentences and the information she gave her, was the standard Francine had established in their relationship. Francine reported everything that was known about the incident and what the Mounties were doing.
“I want you to get a message to the Associations.” The associations were a group of clubs and service organizations that supported the emigrant bioengineered community. They helped newly arrived clones get settled. They helped with legal problems, and attempted to help biopeople settle into their new lives on Trena. Both Lisa and Francine had supported their efforts, and Francine had on her off time worked at the one smaller of the organization’s offices helping with wills and other legal work for her fellow bios needing assistance.  “They’ll be seeing some more problems because of this.  Every time one of these groups show up here there’s a wave of murders, and suicides. They need to be warned. Not panicked, but warned. I also want to see Kellogg sometime tomorrow. See if Mercer is available I want to make sure that we are ready to assist any one the closers mess with.”
“Yes Ma’am” Francine said, she never wrote anything down. She had a picture perfect memory. 
Francine was surprised. She didn’t think that Lady Wilson knew who Kellogg was. Kellogg was the leader of an association that was made up of ex closers and company security personnel. Although they were not that welcomed in the bioengineered community, the associations used them. Some bios thought that they were still connected with Ebio and would turn them over to the company. Francine knew better. Several times when Closers had been on Trena, Kellogg’s team had hunted them down and had eliminated the problem.  When a group of bios were being harassed by intolerant people in the community, Kellogg and company had taken care of business. They weren’t exactly one of the Mounted Patrol’s favorite associations; but they didn’t go out of their way to cause them grief.  Often the Mounties looked the other way when Kellogg’s team took care of some unpleasant business that the Mounties couldn’t. 
“Uh Lady Wilson,” Francine said after a few minutes of quiet study, “Kellogg may be a security problem. Mac may not let him on the grounds, and certainly not within striking distance of you.”
“Make it happen, Francine,” Was all that Lisa replied.
Chapter 6: A Former Closer
Kellogg was watching the news. Something he did every night. It didn’t matter if he had company or not. It was part of his evening ritual. It was something he had started years before when he first got to Trena.  Now as he ate his evening meal he viewed the news reports on the closer being killed in the city. He grunted and commented to himself, “dumb bastard. You don’t mess with the Thonians they don’t have a sense of humor.”
He saw the closer’s ID on the holo, and said, “Foster, you never were too bright! Damn shame they got you. I wouldn’t have been so lenient. If Foster’s here that may mean Hozenbur is here. I’ll have to tell the crew that Hozie's about.” 
He made a few notes and went on to bed. In the morning before he went about his usual rounds, there was knock on his door. He opened it and saw a young bioboy who had only been on world a few weeks. One of the guys had him found street walking, or attempting to.  There weren’t many street walkers on Trena, not with prostitution being legal with brothels of every price range available. They didn’t know much about the boy except that he was a gamma who had escaped from Holly. Holly was a production world several light years away. Kellogg who been on Holly years before had, had a closed door session with the youngster. Satisfied that the youngster was not a production bio he decided his association could keep an eye on the boy. He was the youngest biopeople to ever escape and one of two who had ever escaped from Holly. Gamma models were designed to be a concubine, or a companion. Kellogg told his association that they would take him under their wing. Kellogg didn’t want the kid working in the brothels, or being a young gigolo to someone. He knew the boy could be better than that. Now the young man was standing at his door. Kellogg had enrolled him in school and knew that was where the kid should be. 
“Stephan, why are you here I thought you had school today?” Kellogg asked his tone of voice and the look he gave the kid accusing him of playing hooky. 
“I don’t have to be at school until after lunch today for my gym class,” Like many Trenan school children some of his schooling was at home and some at school. Today was a, at school day. He was always surprised that Kellogg knew so much about what was going on with him. “Mrs. Manch asked me to give you this as I went to school.”
This was a plain envelope with his name written on it, which the boy handed to him.
“Thank you,” Henry put the envelope in his jacket pocket, “Want a ride to school?”
“No I rather walk sir,” Stephan responded. Kellogg nodded and locked his door and walked with the youngster out of his apartment building. Stephen knew that the people he was around were into something; but he wasn’t sure what. He thought it might have something to do with keeping his fellow escapees safe.
Once in his car watching the boy walk down the street he opened the envelope. Inside was a simple message, “Lady Wilson would like to see you at the palace.”
As Kellogg pulled out of his parking spot he thought about how to approach the Palace without being shot on sight.  He had heard about the hunting license the Marshal had issued to the security staff. One of his team members had gave him a heads up about marshal’s order. While he was not an active closer, he was still on their list as one.  Some company officials still made contact with him on occasion to see what he knew. It worked to his advantage. The company thought he was undercover here, he was sort of. He knew about every bioperson on the run heading towards Trena, and made it his business to see that they got to safety. He also sent data back to the company that the clone had been brutally killed. It was amazing what could be done with the help of an AI.  Jonesy, the AI at Boeing had helped him more than once accomplish this.  He wasn’t too concerned about getting into the Palace. He and Francine had worked out a onetime entry method if he needed to talk to her in an emergency. No, he wasn’t worried about getting in to the palace, getting out alive was what he was worried about.
Chapter 7: A Discrete Entry, an Exciting Exit
“Good Morning,” Kellogg called to security team as he entered the pedestrian gate nearest the residences. “I have a package for Lady Wilson. She’s expecting it.” 
“We’ll need to verify that with her.” One of the guards returned as he stepped into an alcove to call the Marshals residence on the grounds. He found that the package was indeed expected by Lady Wilson. He had the computer give the package the once over as he checked Kellogg out. The guard checked the list and found that Kellogg’s alias Henry Carson was on the list of authorized couriers allowed on the grounds. But it had been a long time since he had been on the grounds. That raised some concerns with the security AI; but after it researched the Henry Carson; the AI became happy that Henry Carson was real and no threat to the royal family. He was permitted into the palace; but had to wait for an escort to take him to the residence.
Francine had been doing nothing of real importance in her small office near the old Queen Mum’s Residence. She was waiting for Kellogg to show up. She knew that Kellogg would show up when he showed up.  Although Francine had inserted the bogus ID for Kellogg years ago in case the closer needed to get to Larry Mercer in hurry about something, she wasn’t certain it would work. Larry, although publicly declaring the closer and his association persona non grata, had wanted a cut out so he could talk to Kellogg on the palace grounds. He knew of the work that Kellogg did and tried to help when he could. Because Kellogg was still on the Mounties watch list, he would have to come to the palace in his own time. The guard called saying there was a courier with a package for Healer at the pedestrian gate could she come down and escort him to Lady Wilson. Francine said she would be right down. She checked where Lisa was and then went to collect the courier and his package.
Kellogg was waiting for her in the security lobby just inside the pedestrian gate of the palace’s north wall. To look at him you wouldn’t think that he lead the life he did. He was short, only about five six, and stocky. He was rather plain, balding, with no scars, or distinguishing marks. He could fade into the walls if he needed to.
“Hi Henry,” Francine called seeing the notorious closer. She signed the security log as he was handed a visitor pass. 
“Hi Francine,” Kellogg replied, “I have a message for Lady Wilson. It’s personal and confidential.”
“Okay Louis,” Francine said nodded to the security guard and then escorted the former closer to the large study where she found Lisa tutoring Abby.
“One second Francine,” Lisa said seeing her secretary with the notorious closer. “Okay little girl,” She turned to her daughter, “That’s all for today. Sally.”
“Yes Mistress,” the young principle protective agent said from where she sat on the sofa paging through a magazine. “Find Jill and take them to the pool. I want them to swim laps for a while. I’ll be down shortly. And Sally...No one and I mean no one from the security detail is to enter this suite for an hour.”
“Yes ma’am,” Sally knew what was going on. Lisa wanted to have a very confidential meeting with someone. Someone that the security unit may not be happy to know she was talking with. Sally, who was a little uncomfortable about what was going to happen next, obeyed Lisa. She had an idea what was going on, and personally felt the meeting was probably for the good.  “Come on Little Bear, let’s go find Runaway and get you into your suits.”
She picked up the five year old and carried her out of the study as Kellogg came in. Sally nodded to Francine and keyed her implant, “Francine you don’t let anything happen to her.”
Francine glared at Sally; but understood. The security staff had become fiercely protective of the Wilson family in the short time they had been with them. For that matter so was she.
“Page,” Lisa barked, “Audio and Video sensors off for one hour in the study. Secure the phone, and disable the passive sensors in the wall.”
“Yes Ma’am,” The AI replied, and then shut down most of the sensors in the study, but not all of them.  As the AI shut down its passive sensors it was out at the mountain talking to the defense computers. As she talked to the deep space defense AI Junior the backup AI for deep space got curious as to what was going on in the Marshal’s Residence had turned the sensors back on in the study.  He saw what was going on and started to take the appropriate action. He knew who the man being lead into the study was. As much as he wanted to fire off the intruder alert tones he decided not to. He wanted to see what was going on in the Queen Mum’s residence. If he activated the sensor now he wouldn’t get information he could sell.
“Kellogg,” Lisa stood up and greeted the notorious closer, “I am so glad we could meet. The Queen’s Attorney will be meeting with us in a few minutes.”
“Lady Wilson that may not be a good idea,” Kellogg replied, “Me and Lord Mercer...”
“Don’t worry about it Kellogg,” The Queen’s Attorney entered the study, “It is in the past. Besides you were right.”
“What did you do Kellogg,” Lisa asked.
“I assassinated a company goon as he left the court house. Lord Mercer got rather pissed off when I took justice in my own hands. But we both knew that Perkins was not going to be convicted of anything worse than disturbing the peace after brutally killing a Gama Biowoman.” Kellogg replied. Mercer just nodded. It was after that incident, years before that parliament wrote new laws concerning the capture and recovery of biopeople on Trena. 
“I see,” Lisa replied, “Okay let’s get down to it. I want you to do a favor for me and I want the blessing of the crown’s bench as you do it.” Both men waited in silence for Lisa to continue. “We have a closer team on world, and I want you to find them and take the appropriate action. I cannot and will not issue a hunting license.” Mercer gave her an astonished look. He had known the younger woman only a few weeks and had no idea she knew of such things as the hunting license her husband had issued. “That is for Michael and his staff. But I want you to find where these closers are and make sure the appropriate law enforcement personnel know where and who they are. Larry I want you to find a mechanism that makes Kellogg part of your staff. Make him a special investigator or whatever. This will be the last meeting you and I will have. I can’t have scandal in this building right now. If my husband and the news hounds knew we were meeting there would be one hell of a mess.”
“My Lady,” Francine injected, “Why don’t I be the contact with the Freedom Association. I already know the cut outs, and how to get a hold of Kellogg.”
“Larry?” Lisa asked.
“I would prefer that.” Larry said, he didn’t have the heart to tell Lisa, he and Kellogg had always been able to get messages to each other, even if they were sometimes at the opposite ends of the legal spectrum.
“Make it happen,” Lisa said softly, “Now for the other piece of business. We have to get word to the bio community that we are going to ensure their safety as much as possible. We can’t prevent the suicides, and we may have our hands full stopping the assassinations; but we can try. I want your group and the ones you associate with to do your best to prevent another incident like yesterday.”
“The associations are already on top of it Lady Wilson,” Kellogg replied, “We’ve included a step up patrol of the areas our people live in and they are” he looked at Lord Mercer, “armed. All of them are well trained in the use of fire arms and know their business.”
“Okay Kellogg,” Mercer said, “This is my private number,” he handed the closer a plain business card, “if one of your people come to grief with Lord Wilson’s security and police forces call that number. Someone from the Queen’s Attorney’s Office will represent your people before the Queen’s Bench.”
Junior the back up to DefConnie had been momentarily distracted when DefConnie had dropped out of the system for a second. Now that he had overridden the security system. he had to personally oversee the system he was blocking. When he was distracted, he lost control and couldn’t regain it before the system responded.
“Security alert! Security alert,” The AI screamed suddenly, “in Marshal Wilson’s Residence! Wanted felon in Marshal Wilson’s Residence,”
“Francine, I’m sorry” Kellogg reached out to grab Francine; but Lisa pushed Francine out of the way, “Take me. They won’t dare harm me and I can talk my way out of this with Michael. Francine can’t!” As she said it she thought, “I hope.”
Kellogg shrugged grabbed Lisa about her shoulders and took out a plastic knife and held it to her throat. “Let’s go!”
The security team burst through the door of the study weapons drawn and ready to kill. They saw that Lisa was being held hostage and backed off immediately as the retired closer holding Lisa began walking towards them. “You try anything and she’s gone! I mean it!” 
“Sally!” Lisa snapped, “let’s us go! No tricks!”
“Aye ma’am” Sally’s gun was out and pointed directly at Kellogg’s head. “Kellogg you harm her and you will die! Now put down your weapon and let me take you in.”
“Fuck you!” Kellogg replied throwing a knife in Sally’s direction. As the knife whistle past the young woman’s ear causing her to duck a second knife materialized in the notorious ex closer’s hand as he moved towards the entrance. He held on tightly to Lisa who fought a little to make good his escape. They walked out of the residence, then walked across the grounds to the nearest exit, there he pushed Lisa to the ground and escaped not before removing a gun from a guard’s hand and firing a couple of rounds at the guards. All the rounds missed and did what Kellogg wanted them to do; get the guards down and thinking about their lives and not on taking him out of the game. He disappeared into the neighborhood surrounding the palace and was not captured. Even after several hundred police and security officers tore the neighborhood up.
Wilson, when he was made aware of the situation, was furious.  He didn’t know who to be more furious with Lisa, or the security team.  By the time he had found out, Kellogg had disappeared into the wood work, and Lisa was in the palace’s infirmary. Now more concerned about his spouse than the failure of his team, he went to the infirmary.
“Are you okay?” He his furry barely contain as he addressed his wife in the infirmary. 
“I’m okay,” Lisa said softly, she had only seen her husband this mad one other time. When they had first come to Trena and she had decided it was too dangerous for them to be together and she had tried to leave him. 
“Good!” He snarled, “All of you clear the room while I have a conversation with my spouse.”
“Yes My Lord,” the physician nodded to his staff, which quietly left the infirmary with the palace physician.
“Lisa did you know who that was!” Michael asked, “And do you know who he was associated with? Do you know we are still not certain if he isn’t a closer?” To all of these she timidly nodded. “Do you know how much danger you could have been in? That bastard may have killed you!” She nodded again waiting for him to vent.  He had a right to be very angry with her. She knew she had done something if not dangerous, at least highly questionable. “Now why in the hell did you risk your life by meeting with that man?”
“Michael,” She said taking his hand, “I had to make sure that those closers were stopped in their tracks, and Kellogg for whatever ill he has done in the past, has never let a closer pick up a bio if he knew they were on planet.  I know and you know deep down that every man or woman he has killed has been trying to kill a bioperson or someone the company didn’t want to live for some reason. He has made damn sure that the biopeople on this world were safe.  I asked him to find the closers and bring them in. I didn’t and wouldn’t issue a hunting license for him. Ah yes I know about the license you issued. I also know how stretched your troops are, so stretched that they are not working the problem. Also the Mounties look the other way sometimes when a bio is killed by a closer.”
“I see,” Wilson said not certain where to go from there.  His wife did have a point.  Although the Mounties worked hard to prevent closers from doing their business on Trena, many of the Mounties did look the other way sometimes when a clone was harmed, or killed. 
“I know you do,” Lisa replied, and in truth she did, “So I wanted to make sure the bios were looked after.  More so when your team might be more interested in other things rather than protecting a minority.  I wanted to make sure the three million or so clones on this world continue to enjoy the freedom they have sought here.”
“I am going to have a discussion with the security team and heads are going to roll.” Wilson said.
“No!” Lisa said, “They all did their jobs. Think of it this way. Kellogg helped you find some weakness in your system. I don’t want anyone of the team fired, transferred or discipline in any way. Their actions showed how good they have been trained. I was not harmed, nor anyone else around me and Kellogg. If Kellogg wanted to he could have left a bloody trail to the gate. And you know it.” She buried a finger in her husband’s chest. “Sally in particular was working under my orders.”
There was a knock at the infirmary’s door. After Wilson said enter the Queen walked in. “Good morning Lady Wilson, Sir Mike. Are you okay Lisa?”
“I am,” Lisa replied.
“Thank god! I don’t know what we would have done if we had lost you. Lord Wilson,” The Queen looked to her marshal, “I am glad to hear that none of the security staff or Lady Wilson was harmed. I am also pleased to hear that none of the security unit will be transferred or terminated.”
“Yes Ma’am,” Wilson replied knowing when he was beaten. “The next time you pull something like this let me know will you? We could have arranged a meet that wouldn’t have caused so much drama!”
“Yes Sir,” Lisa contritely replied.
“Mike we’re late for our visit to Boeing Space Works.” The Queen said. And with that they left. As he did he locked eyes with Sally McBride and nodded for her to follow him.
“Sally,” Wilson said, “Mac is going to want to tear you a new ass hole for your little stunt in there. But you are blessed that Lady Wilson and Queen Aggie are your protectors. You know better, and I expect better from you. There won’t be a next time will there?”
She had been sweating this session knowing she deserved a butt chewing, one that could end with her termination from the unit. She was surprised that Lady Wilson and the Queen had protected her, more so when she considered how she had disobeyed Lady Wilson. 
“Marshal....” Sally started then said, “Sir, there won’t be a second incident. I’ll be dead first.”
“Aye,” The Marshal said as Mac caught up with them he gave Sally a stern look and was about to say something when Wilson said, “Mac, It has been taken care of. Sally has been made aware of how stupid her actions were and how blessed she is when both the Queen and my bride pardoned her actions.”
“Aye sir,” Mac said, “Sally we’ll talk later.”
“Yes Sir,” Sally said.
“Mac,” The Queen said to the protective detail head, “We will talk before you have your talk with Sally.”
“Yes Ma’am,” Mac said nodding to Sally. His conversation with Sally would come and it would be purely professional. He liked Sally and knew that she was well liked by the palace staff.  She had been professional and had to date had not been a disciplinary problem. He just needed to debrief her, and find out what they had done wrong. Not what Sally had done wrong, but how had Kellogg, a most notorious closer had gotten so far through security.  That bothered him more than the young woman’s error. The entire system had failed. This failure had been frightening, and while a failure, it had also been a success. The AI had caught the problem and done its job.
In the infirmary the palace doctor had come back in and was finishing his examination of Lisa. Once again he was amazed at how healthy most bioengineered human beings were. Their bodies usually threw off every bug known to man. But this time he was a little surprised. The Delta Clone before him was indeed a healthy young woman. Though he was immensely puzzled now. Lisa was one month pregnant.  Clones were by Terran Imperial Law irreversibly sterile. The other star nations had followed suit. The secret of cloning had been ruthlessly protected by Ebio. No one knew how they created clones. The patents were sealed under imperial law on Earth, and the crown wouldn’t allow their manufacture on Trena or allow their trade either.  It was one of the reasons all clones ran to Trena when they escaped.
“Uh Lady Wilson,” the physician started, “Did you know you were pregnant.”
“I suspected,” Lisa said. Before she had been sold she had been designated as a breeding clone.  Most biowomen were sterilized shortly after they were brought into the world. Selected clones we designated breeding clones. They were not sterilized at birth as the company wanted their genetic materials. Some biowomen like Lisa were never sterilized as the company impregnated them to carry clones to full term, having discovered that a woman’s womb was the best way to get a quality product. In Lisa’s case someone had made a mistake in the computer. They had sold her to a medical personnel company. They hadn’t discovered until too late she had been sold.  As part of her design she had been gifted with the ability to suppress her menstrual cycle. She didn’t quite understand it. It was mostly a desire not to be pregnant, and something about those thoughts keyed something in her body to turn on the hormone that prevented her from becoming pregnant. Sometimes if she did get pregnant there was something she did that aborted the child. Lisa had suspected she might be pregnant when she felt sick at her stomach over the last few mornings. The classic signs of morning sickness, something that even clones were subject to.
“I wouldn’t suspect that you would have morning sickness this soon,” The physician replied as if reading her mind, “But you are a clone, and no one really quite understands your metabolism. A lot of times we just bind your wounds and stand back. You folks do most of the work. I know you have a daughter, was that an artificial conception?”
“Uh yes,” Lisa said that was the story they told the world about Abby. Abby was the first child she had carried that hadn’t been by artificial means. Clones were sometime used as surrogates for rich women who didn’t want to carry their own children to term. The company only removed a clone’s ovaries, leaving her uterus intact so they could carry children to full term.  “Abby was the product of an abandon egg, her biological mother was killed in a Marine Corps action. Like most young women in the Marine Corps, she allowed her eggs to be harvested. She wasn’t married or intended to be married with any one, so her eggs were up for adoption. Michael and I adopted the Marine’s egg. Once the egg was sure to be an embryo it was implanted in me.”
“I see,” the doctor replied, he had heard of clones doing this. Many clone in fact on Trena made a good living as surrogate mothers. His own wife had a terrible accident as a child that had destroy her uterus and ovaries.  The medical community had tried to rebuild her ovaries and make her fertile; but they just couldn’t make it happen. She couldn’t carry a child to term. They had adopted a baby the same way Lord and Lady Wilson had. “Is that why you’re pregnant now?”
“No,” Lisa said, “this is mine and Michael’s. This sometimes happens to female clones especially those of my type who were designated as production clones. Although our ovaries are suppressed, and mostly dysfunctional, sometimes when a clone has been away from the cloning labs for several years, they become a fully functional woman.  The company keeps us knocked up with in vitro babies so our bodies always think we’re pregnant and you know how that affects a woman. They also feed us with chemicals to suppress our menstrual cycles. So after a few years of no babies, and no suppressed menstrual cycles we sometimes get pregnant.”
”I see,” the physician said, he was not sure how much of Lady Wilson’s story to believe.
“Doctor,” Lisa said, “To my knowledge I am the only production clone to ever escape a production complex. For the palace records my spouse and I have adopted another egg. I really don’t want the headaches associated with the Empire finding out the truth. I don’t want to become evidence to bring the company down. Not at this time.”
“Lisa,” the doctor replied, “the palace medical staff understands. It’ll be our secret as to the how the deed was done. I think we can come up with a sufficiently convincing DNA profile to match yours, they have done that before. It won’t be a problem.” 
“Thank you doctor,” Lisa said smiling. 
“I’ll want to see you any time you feel uncomfortable. I know, I know, what I mean is from the sounds of things you've been pregnant before, and you know how you are supposed to feel during pregnancies, so I’ll let you be the guide as to what you feel is uncomfortable.  In the meantime I’ll want to see you in a month. Or do you know someone ...”
“I’ll be seeing my family doctor,” Lisa said, he was a delta bioman who knew the whole sorted detail of Abby’s birth and had been looking after her family for five years. She also thought she might wander by Doctor Klond’s office. If there was one person she trusted without question when it came to her health, it was Michelle Klond.
“Okay,” The doctor said, “get out of here. You are obviously too healthy to be taking up my time.”
“Thank you doctor,” Lisa replied leaving. As Lisa left she had her implant interrogate the infirmary’s expert system and removed all record of her having seen the doctor. She knew she was pregnant, and knew she had to see a doctor, but one of her own choosing, and one who knew about biowomen.  The doctor would remember the conversation but unless he made hand written notes that were not entered into the computer there would be nothing to back up that he had discovered that she was pregnant. Now the only problem was how to tell Michael. That was going to be fun.
Over the last few years Lisa had been suppressing her menstrual cycle so as not to become pregnant. Michael had reluctantly agreed to this. He understood what would happen if Lisa kept getting pregnant, and having children, his children.  It would cause a storm that they were not ready to deal with.  If it was ever discovered she was pregnant by Wilson, and not by in vitro, the company would definitely want her back in their clutches. So would the Imperial Department of Justice. They would want her back on Earth as evidence to put the last nail in the company’s coffin.
Chapter 8: With the Republican Invasion Fleet
The republican fleet had spent two weeks working up. Most of the fleet’s officers had never worked with their counter parts. All of them had been part of other republican fleets. Some ships and crews had never worked together until the ship had been taken out of mothballs and recently activated reservists reported aboard. The republic had been careful not to activate a large number of reservists from, any one planet or any one community. This included retired personnel of both the army and the navy.
When the fleet commander thought his fleet was ready, they made practice assaults on a world similar to Trena. It had no population, so admirals allowed live fire exercises to simulate an opposed landing. The exercise cost the fleet thirty assault landers and three thousand troopers. The exercise planners had deliberately made the exercise rougher than what they expected to encounter on Trena. They figured most of the Trena militia would have been evacuated by the time they invaded. 
The invasion commander requested six thousand more soldiers, and forty five more assault landers. Their next practice would be infiltrating an asteroid belt.
Book 5: Getting Organized
Chapter 1: The Maintenance Group Commander
“Skipper,” Mylea came into his office, “I think I found our Maintenance Chief.”
“Oh?” Wilson said putting down his pad that was displaying today’s to do list.
“Yeah,” Mylea replied, “General Langtree with the Trena Militia. He currently holds the position of Maintenance Group Commander on Fletcher. I don’t know why he’s in that billet it is a colonel’s position not a general’s. Evidently the militia wants to keep him. He was an Imperial Marine before retiring to Trena.  He has quite a reputation. He’s a combat Maintenance Group leader.  He’s been forward deployed with both the IRS, and the marines keeping their birds running, he also has reputation for knowing the business end of a bull dozer and can run survey equipment. Rumor has it if it flies he keeps it flying, and if you need a place to land it or work on it he can make it happen.”
“I haven’t heard of him,” Wilson replied, but that wasn’t surprising.  If it had been a cop he might have known who it was. Any military police officer with a rank greater than gunnery sergeant in the imperial marines he might know of them or knew them personally. 
“I’ve met him a couple of times; he’s good at what he does. He knows how to get his troops motivated and keep them motivated.” Mylea replied.
“Send him a summons,” Wilson said.
“Yes Sir,” Mylea left the office.
###
General Langtree was in his office going over reports from his subordinate officers. Although he was the Maintenance Group Commander for Fletcher Trena Militia Base, he was also the Chief of Maintenance for all of Trena’s Militia. Responsible for every piece of flying hardware the militia owned. He hated it.  When he left the Imperial Marine Corps he had retired as a lieutenant colonel. When he arrived on Trena after a year of knocking around the galaxy, he started to work as a maintenance coordinator for Trena Spaceways. A small inter system freight and passenger service. He had gotten out of the Marine Corps when they were about to promote him to colonel and take him off the line. At Spaceways he was on the line every day and seldom got the grime and dirt out from under his fingernails.  He was quite happy, and Spaceways was quite happy with him. The militia had heard about him and General Qoum had come to search him out. 
The general had offered him a maintenance group.  He’d come in as a Major, and be responsible for all the flying hardware, and maintenance equipment to keep the third Militia wing flying.  He had asked to be allowed to work beside his troops. The general had said he would have it no other way. He said that the real reason that Langtree was being hired was that they were having a safety of flight problem. They were losing birds at an unacceptable rate.  It had been determined that it was a maintenance problem, not a pilot problem. The general said it was a two year commission, after that he was free to go. Langtree said cool, signed the papers and left Trena Spaceways.  Trena Spaceways was no longer a challenge.
His first day on the flight line had been interesting to say the least. He had asked the general not to announce his appointment.  He had wanted to walk through the maintenance group area to see what was going on. He was dressed in plain fatigues with his major insignia subdued. His plan changed at muster. He walked into the hangar where maintenance squadron mustering. No one had seen him enter the hangar except for one of the noncoms who was about to announce him. He gestured to the NCO not to announce him. He wanted to see how the captain, his soon to be exec handled muster. He listened to his exec go through the muster list. Less than half the day watch was a no call no show. They would have to hold over the night watch to generate birds for the day’s activities. That was all he needed.
“Captain,” Langtree had stood up in the back room, and said softly, “I am Major David Langtree. Before you ask who the hell I am. I am the new maintenance group commander. For those of you who need further encouragement. I am thy lord god commander and I own each and every one of you lovelies. Every name on that list is AWOL. You tell the provost martial and the MPs that they are to be pulled out what ever beds or bars they are in and thrown in the brig. You then issue a recall for every officer, and enlisted man assigned to my unit. Anyone who isn’t here within 90 minutes is on report, and charged with dereliction of duty. 
“In the mean time you lovelies we have birds to generate. Let’s get to work.” With that Langtree went out to his truck pulled it out onto the flight line. He got the flight generation list from the line chief and went out to the first bird on the list. “Chief we’ll treat this as a war alert. We’ll get every one of these birds ready as if the Kingdom was being attacked. We have cargo load outs. Let’s do it.”
That day the flight line was the last place anyone wanted to be. Langtree was everywhere. When a fight broke out between a couple of line crews over tools Langtree wrote them up and told the supply officer to get a tool kit out to each and every one of revetments. They had to generate twenty landing craft to meet the days flying schedule. They had twenty five ready by noon. He had learned a lot.
He had biopeople, thonians, and norms on his flight line crews. All had various degrees of experience. There were some communication problems because of the different races of people. One of his big headaches was that the biopeople knew more than his thonians and normal humans, when they generated a bird it was letter perfect. It was causing friction within his teams. The clones by their very nature did everything perfect. They were finicky, and often took extra time to get things right. While the humans and thonians who were just as experienced flight line hands would use short cuts to get the birds generated. He had to figure out a way to get them to work together, and to get the job done quickly, but correctly.
At the end of the day when he had his full contingent in front of him, those that were not in the brig, he laid down the law. “Folks this maintenance group sucks. We are in the business of generating space craft for the Trena Militia. The birds that we put in the air are the first defense of our world against an enemy. If we fail, then those of us who have family here on Trena have failed our families, but not only them but our neighbors, and the people we are sworn to serve and protect. From this day forward there will be twenty landing craft ready to go. If the Wing King calls for ten cargo lifters we’ll have fifteen ready. At the very least we’ll be able to reconfigure our birds in one hour.”
“Major this isn’t the Marines,” first lieutenant Stanford one of his watch commanders called, “we can’t...”
“Lieutenant,” Langtree had spoken softly, “can’t will not be heard in this hangar again. If I am asking too much then we’ll work it out. But here’s the deal ladies and gents. This wing is not going to lose another vehicle due to our incompetence. Starting tomorrow all three shifts will report at 0400. We will work as a team to generate our birds. Once our birds have launched we will be back in here doing after action review No one goes home until the last bird lands and the flight has been debriefed. While we are waiting for the birds to come home we will be working on the hangar queens to get them flight ready or we will start generating tomorrow’s birds. We won’t run this outfit like a Marine unit because I think we can do better than that. If we have to we will rewrite our maintenance procedures and make sure we know our shit.  If we lose another bird through our own incompetence you will think that it is the second coming and you have all landed in hell. We owe that to our pilots and crews who trust us to give them a flyable bird.”
He let that sink in then said, “Crew chiefs, and officers meeting in one hour. Bring your gripe pads and note books. Tell your spouses I’m the ass hole who won’t let you come home tonight. But tell them also that you’ll be home by midnight. Promise!”
When he left the hangar where he was meeting with his team, general Qoum was waiting for him in just outside the hangar. The general had received more than a couple calls from Langtree’s officers. Langtree came to attention and waited for the general to acknowledge him. “Stand easy major.  You’ve pissed off half your officers.”
“Gee I was hoping for more than that,” Langtree smiled, “General give me a month and you’ll stop losing vehicles to maintenance deficiencies. We have some that should be hangar queens, but others that are in good shape. You have a good crew out there it’s just they need someone who gives a damn about them, someone who can get the most out of them. The line chiefs know their shit. They usually do.”
“Carry on Major,” the General left, as he passed by the open hangar the general said in a voice that could be over heard, “You have my complete support and let me know who you want to transfer out. It will happen by sun down.”
“Thank you general,” Langtree said wincing, he thought that was too thick, “I’ll keep that in mind. No one is on the list...for today.”
Within the month Langtree’s maintenance group had surpassed Langtree’s goal. They had one hundred and twenty space craft of all types to keep flyable. On any given day they were able to generate 80 vehicles. The entire Trena Militia was only able to generate about half their birds on a given day. The Langtree Legend had started to grow. Over the next few years a lot of the Trena Militia’s Maintenance personnel had passed through his hangars. His crews were the tops in all fields and they willingly passed on their knowledge. Langtree ended the language barrier by insisting that everyone learn everyone’s language. He had some officers resign, and others fight him every inch of the way. But his crew loved him. When someone was getting married he made sure the newlyweds could have a honey moon. If someone’s spouse was in the hospital he made sure that he visited the family and made sure that the family was okay. He had a simple theory. If he took care of his people, they would take care of him. Eventually he was promoted to colonel, and then the month before last he was made brigadier general in charge of all maintenance operations of the Militia’s flying hardware.  He didn’t think he would like the job. One of the reasons he got out of the marines, was that the desk job he was heading for wouldn’t be a challenge. General Qoum had known that and had seen to it that Langtree always had a challenge. 
A month after his promotion, Langtree was reading a report about a boot lieutenant just out of OCS who had screwed up big time. He was wondering if this type of challenge was going to drive him nuts. The lieutenant too in experienced to listen to his line chief who was twice his senior in age and twenty years his senior in keeping landing craft flying. It had gotten to the point that the lieutenant had filed charges, and he as appointing authority now had to do something about it. Both were sitting in his outer office as he reviewed the paper work. There was knock on his door.
“Enter!” he barked.
“Sir,” His aide and driver came in. “This just came in from the Palace. The courier is still outside.”
He took it from sergeant Hoi’s hand, read it and said, “Tell the courier I’ll talk with him.”
“Her sir,” Sergeant Hoi replied.
“Oh hi Commander,” Langtree said seeing the thonian who had been on base when the Companions had landed. “Hoi had said courier I had no idea it was you.”
“That’s okay general,” Mylea replied, Mylea handed him a sealed envelope. He opened it and ran his hand through his hair. It was a crown warrant. The last one he had seen was when he was promoted to brigadier and appointed to his current job..
Mylea watch him trying to make up his mind finally asked. “What shall I tell the Marshall?”
“He has a maintenance group commander.” Langtree replied. “I’ll report in, in the morning.”
“You’re pretty sure about you getting the job.” Mylea replied.
“He wouldn’t be asking if Qoum didn’t recommend me, and you wouldn’t be here unless he was going to offer me the job.” Langtree replied, “Besides there isn’t anyone on this world who can do what he needs me to do.”
“Okay general,” Mylea replied, she nodded and left.
He walked out into his outer office he looked at the two militia men and barked, “Both of you inside now!”
With his door shut, so no one outside his office would hear his conversation. “I should ream both of you a new ass hole. Sarge, you know better. Your job is to take these young officers and help them grow up. So they can be promoted.  LT you job is to listen to your NCOs and learn everything you can from them.  That doesn’t mean you are not in charge, it only means that they have been doing this longer than you and you should listen to their advice and then make your decision.  Both of you are not living up to my expectations.
“Lieutenant,” General Langtree spoke softly, “I am not going to honor this request. This to me is a simple communication problem. Captain Dolly has entered into both of your records that he has counseled you. I am endorsing that action. In addition I am adding that I have also counseled you, stressing that you are both to work on developing the professional relationship that you both need to get your jobs done.”
“Sir with all due respect,” the lieutenant started, “she showed gross insubordination and disrespect.  I want charges…”
“Lieutenant,” General Langtree said, “If I as appointing authority feel that this incident needs to go to a JAG Manual investigation, there is a good chance the sergeant will have a judicial statement in her file, and you will, should the investigation find that your charges are unwarranted could be asked to leave the service. From the reports I have received and the conversations I have had with your officers I am inclined to not go further. It’s your choice; but as of right now I can end this with the stroke of a pen.  That is how I would prefer to handle this.”
“But she showed disrespect to me….” The lieutenant repeated. 
“Sarge, leave us,” The general fully exasperated spoke to the sergeant, “But don’t leave the office.”
When the sergeant left, Langtree turned to the young lieutenant and said softly, “LT you better find a way to respect yourself! You better get it into your head that that woman does respect you.  You automatically earn her respect simply by getting through OCS and being put in charge of her unit. I find that many people who start yelling about disrespect, that others don’t respect them and that they want to take action against people who they don’t feel respect them often have a self-image problem, and self-worth issues. Now if you want I can continue with the charges you have filed, and let the chips fall where they may.  But I can tell you right now, if your charges go forward and that sergeant is drummed out of the militia, or is demoted many of the enlisted men and women who you have to work with will not respect you and then you will have some serious issues to work out.”
“But…” the lieutenant said and Langtree cut him off, “LT you know this is the toughest unit in the militia. You know that it took several recommendations to get into this unit.  That many officers and enlisted personnel never make it into this unit.  You made it on your first try. That means your instructors at OCS think you are hot shit. Your professors at Trena University think you are hot shit.  You are a fine engineer.  Now damn it, learn how to be an officer from the men and women who have been training officers since before you were born! Now get out of here before I get angry and write you up for behavior unbecoming!”
“Yes sir,” the lieutenant left.
“Sarge!” Langtree bellowed.
The sergeant came back into his office.
“I don’t care how you do it,” Langtree said, “I want you to find a way to work with that young officer.  He is too good to let him get away from us.  I hold you partially responsible for his problem.”  She started to interrupt him; but Langtree cut her off, “We should not be having this discussion and you know it. Now I am not going to be in a position to make sure he doesn’t do anything stupid like refilling against you. I am being reassigned. So it will be up to you to make that young officer into an outstanding officer. Do you understand?”
“Yes sir!” the woman said feeling lucky that the general had decided not to ream her out any more than he had.  She might have deserved a more thorough ass chewing than she was getting.  So she wasn’t about to chance getting it.  She decided to take her reprimand and get on with the work she had to do.
“Now get out of here so I can get my in basket empty before I transfer out.” The general said. The NCO left quietly.
Chapter 2: The Executive Officer and Chief of Staff
Wilson was pondering a couple of appointments when the Queen came in unannounced. She had made a habit of touching base with Wilson either on the phone or in person if her schedule allowed once or twice a day. She could see the perplexed look on her subordinates face an asked. “What’s up?”
“I need to make a decision on a personnel appointment,” Wilson replied, “My chief of staff and XO.”
They had discussed this before and knew what part of Wilson’s problem. He wanted Mylea as his deputy. But he didn’t want to be accused of appointing only his friends to positions of high office. But she had seen how the two worked. They were almost of one mind, and she had seen Mylea reground him when he was going off on a tangent. The Queen had been given a very confidential briefing on Mylea. It had included all of her duty stations. She had been impressed. Mylea was no light weight. If it hadn’t been for the death of her life mate, she would have had been placed in command of all Military Police Units in the Thonian Armed Forces.  The Trena Mounted Patrol had wanted to promote her to assistant chief of the department; but she had refused. She had been holding down the Third Watch Commander’s post for a couple of years and earned the respect of most if not all of her subordinates.  She was a good administrator, and from all reports a good leader.  She had been Wilson’s commander on several joint deployments.  By all reports they were a well-oiled team that she had witnessed herself.
“Look, Sir Mike,” The young woman said, “why tear yourself apart over the decision. You know who your chief of staff should be. Mylea! Don’t worry about appearances.”
“It’s not really that your majesty,” Wilson replied, “every time we have worked together Mylea’s been the boss, and I’ve been her sergeant. Even here on Trena, she was a watch commander, and I a mere instructor at the police academy. She is still my superior officer. Now by the act of the crown I am boss and she is one of my subordinates. Sometimes that can cause problems.”
“I know,” The Queen commented, “but she has told me that on some of your deployments, you should have been the boss of those assignments, and if you hadn’t been an NCO you would have.  Besides Michael, she respects you and knows how you think.  This is going to be important when it starts getting tight. You need to have people who will obey you without question, and yet have enough moxie to say slow down and listen to me. Mylea’s your girl!”
Michael nodded, wrote a few notes on his pad, and said, “Computer. Announce the following appointment. Mylea Atomi, grade deputy marshal, rank; chief of staff and deputy commander Trena Evacuation Command, effective today.”
Mylea came in a little later, and put the announcement on the desk and said, “Thank you.”
“We’ll see how much you thank me in a couple of months.” Michael quipped. “Managing my staff may cause you to go nuts. More so as I start filling others in on it! Especially, the civilians!”
“We’ll make it work.” Mylea replied. 
“I’m going to appoint Michelle Klond as our MO. That is if the princess will release her. Mercer will be the command’s Legal Officer.  Lady Hawthorne will be the special projects coordinator. Langtree will be my engineer. I still need a flight Ops coordinator, I’m thinking about appoint Chief Able as my emergency services officer.”
“Janet’s a good choice.” Mylea replied, “She knows almost everyone in the EM community and is respected by most of the Fire Chiefs in the Trena Fire Department. They had big plans for her. She was being groomed to be assistant chief, and if she worked out she was going to be on the short list for chief of the department in ten fifteen years.”
“We need a logistics officer, and a media coordinator.” Wilson said, “Once we get these done we can get down to the business of getting our people off world.” 
“General Langtree can act as your logi,” Mylea said, “He or Bob from Boeing.”
“No, Jonesy,” Mike said thinking about the AI that ran Boeings factory.  That job was mostly logistics with some people management.  Jonesy though, irrelevant, was good at both jobs. “Announce it.”
“Aye-aye skipper,” Mylea replied. Seeing her friend wince she continued, “Michael, we will make this work. You are the skipper. This isn’t really anything new. Look at it this way.  Remember our first assignment.  I was just out of the MP Command School and they sent me to Gregory.  Their intention was for you knock the War School crap out of me and make me into an officer. I may have been the boss on paper but we both know that you ran that company.  Nothing new!”
“Yeah Right,” Michael said remembering the deployment. “You didn’t turn out half bad for an officer!”
“I’ll get this stuff posted Mike,” Mylea replied and left the office.
Chapter 3: The Media Coordinator
Lady Hawthorne was in Wilson’s office the next day going over some of the projects that she had been working on when he mentioned their needs for a media coordinator.
“I have this young man,” Lady Hawthorne replied, “He’s all thumbs, and he’s not much use to me. But he has contacts I envy. Someone from the media had ambushed one of my girl teams in an art museum, and had been directed out to the estate.  Well they showed up with their mobile rig ready to do a news story. Pete, he was in my office doing something or other, and said he would handle it. Well he did. The next thing I knew he was in business clothes escorting these reporters through the estate telling them what we were doing and how we are working with you to help get some special projects completed. He briefly described how my girls helped to coordinate the mass casualty lift the other day. To be honest Sir Mike that was the first time he had been any use to me.  He was in his element.”
“How young,” Wilson asked the younger woman, Lady Hawthorn was nearly thirty, he was afraid to think how much younger this “young man” was.
“He’s about twenty five twenty six.  He’s just graduated from Trena U in media relations as it turns out.” Lady Hawthorne. “Don’t quite know why he’s at my place.”
“Well get him up here. And tell him to bring his professor.” Wilson replied, “He’s a little young for this job; but he certainly can be on staff.”
A couple of hours later a young man was escorted into his office with the Queen’s Public Affairs secretary.
“Sir Mike,” The middle aged man said, “Pete here said you wanted to see us?”
“Well not exactly,” Wilson replied putting his pad down. “I had asked Lady Hawthorne to have Pete?” The young man nodded, “To come by and see me and to bring his professor.  I didn’t realize it was you Charley.”
“I teach part time at Trena U.” the older man returned, “Pete here was one of my students.”
“Oh,” Mike replied.
“I understand that you are shopping for a Media Coordinator,” Charley asked.
“I am; but I didn’t want to poach from the Queen’s staff.” Wilson answered. “She still has a planet to run and needs her staff.”
“That’s true,” Charley replied. “May I suggest something?”
“Fire away,” Wilson responded.
“Lord Wilson,” Charley continued, “I am hiring Pete here for my staff, but I am going to assign him to your office.  You’ll be his local boss; but I’ll be his technical advisor. Pete.” he turned to the young man, “What that means is if Wilson needs to hold a press conference, or make a news release, you handle it.  If you have any questions on how, you get a hold of me and we’ll go over them.  In the meantime; you’ll spend the next week in my office going over the Crown Public Relations Manual.  While he’s doing that Sir Mike, I’ll be on call to help you. Deal?”
Wilson just nodded. It would work. He would get a dedicated Public Information Officer for his office, and still have access to the crowns public information team.  With that they left.
Chapter 4: A Secretary for the Boss
Wilson came to work a few days later and found a young woman sitting at a desk inside the door to his suite.  He still hadn’t moved out of the conference room. By now it was home. A couple of his staff people had desks in the hall outside the conference room. His aid, a young lieutenant usually camped out, outside his office ready to run errands for him. Mac, his security officer usually sat outside the door too. Mylea had an office somewhere in the building, he wasn’t quite certain where. The Palace AI usually let Mylea know he wanted to see her and she showed up. 
“Who are you?” Wilson asked.
“My Lord,” The young woman replied, “Lady Hawthorne sent me up.”
“I see,” Wilson commented, “Why did she send you up?”
“To be your secretary sir,” The young woman answered, “She was concerned that you didn’t have someone to run interference for you, and run some errands your aid shouldn’t.  I used be one of her husband’s secretaries until he abandoned the business a few weeks back. I have been hanging out at the Lady’s place helping her. She thought you could use me.”
“I see,” Wilson murmured looking the woman over. She was a knock out. She could have modeled anything she wanted to. “Mac!”
“Yes sir!” Mac came into the office with a broad smile he had just won a bet on how long it would take Wilson to yell for him.
 “I take it you have passed this young lady?” Wilson asked.
“Oh yeah,” Mac answered, “I ran her check personally. She was assigned to you earlier this week. I’ve had her on ice for a couple of days while I vetted her. Let me introduce you to Liz Tanner. She is twenty six years of age, has no children, and is not married. Her coworkers have all reported that she is one hell of a secretary and administrative assistant. She’ll be housed in the staff apartments. She knows she is on 24 and 7.” Wilson winced at that, “within reason.”
“Ms. Tanner is that acceptable to you?” Wilson asked.
“Yes milord.” Liz said, and Wilson realized that she was a little shy. 
“Thank you Liz, I’ll try not to be too demanding of your time.” Wilson said, “Let’s go over the calendar.” 
“Yes sir,” She pulled it up from the computer as Mac quietly slipped out. “I see you have either breakfast or lunch with the Queen most days. And that twice a week you have a formal brief of your progress.  Today you are schedule for lunch with her majesty and have a staff meeting afterwards.”
Wilson nodded and discussed the calendar for a few more minutes. 
A few days later Wilson was convinced that Liz was a mind reader. She knew what Mike needed when he needed it. In addition she was a superb organizer. She had taken a look at all the notes hanging from the walls in his conference room and had them categorize and organized as to class and type. She even had his table of organization posted on the wall.  She was also handling routine stuff routing the work to the proper staff person, and working very closely with Mylea. She had made friends immediately with Lisa, Abby and Jill. It was Michelle Klond who got his attention.
“Michael,” The old surgeon said when she was giving Michael his physical. It was something that as MO for the operation she insisted on doing. “You realize that you have started a legend don’t you?”
“Legend,” Wilson asked.
“Yes,” Michelle replied, “there isn’t a woman on your staff, who isn’t absolutely drop dead beautiful.”
Wilson shrugged, although he had noticed that all the women working with him were indeed good looking, he hadn’t thought it unusual. For the most part it happened without his conscience effort.
“Yeah you shrug,” Michelle chuckled. She wrote a few notes in his chart, and then turned to him.
“Okay Mr. Perfect.” Michelle was the only one who could say that to his face and not suffer from it, “over all you look to be in good health. Especially for a man who has been abused like you have over the years. Your shoulder is giving you some fits isn’t?”
“Yeah some mornings it’s sore as hell,” Michael admitted, he had been shot twice in his right shoulder, and while it had been repaired by some of the best surgeons in the IRS, it still gave him problems. Part of it was that it had taken him a week to get to medical treatment the last time it had been injured. The medics could only do so much.  The IRS surgeons had replaced the shoulder with artibone but it still gave him fits. He was one of the few people who didn’t receive regenerative treatments too well. Nano medical technology had not been rediscovered at the time of his injury.
“Do anti-inflammation drugs help?” Michelle asked.  Wilson nodded then said, “Sometimes when it’s real bad I let Lisa work it over. Her treatment keeps it okay for a couple of months then. But I don’t let her do it that often. It takes so much out of her.”
“Worse than usual,” Michelle asked she knew how much it took out of Lisa to perform her empathic healing. She had worked extensively in the past with Lisa to help her hone her skills, and learn how to pace herself. Twenty years ago she had helped Lisa to become the best physical therapist on station 51.  
“Naw,” Wilson replied, “I guess I am more sensitive to it than others.”
“I’ll drop by and see her later.” Michelle saying she really didn’t trust the palace surgeon with her two good friends. She owed Michael a great deal. They went back to her days on station 51 and later on other assignments. Michael was more a son than a friend or coworker.  She also owed that to Joyce, Michael’s step mother, and one of her best friends.
“Marshal,” Liz knocked on the door and came in, “You’re 1500's here.”
“Thanks Liz,” Michael said, and knew that Michelle was right his staff was made up of beautiful women who could name their price as models in any photographer’s studio.
Chapter 5: The Republican Fleet’s Continues to Work Up
The Fleet had been working up. Conducting drills and simulations until the fleet seemed to operate as if one person was at the helm of each ship. The fleet acted as one large body. It was awesome to watch this fleet maneuver in the backwater system less than a week’s travel from Trena. Now it was time for the fleet to infiltrate an asteroid belt.
Although dense with many hazards, and asteroid belt was navigable. Most asteroid fields were not so dense that a ship couldn’t navigate through the floating rocks, and gravel swarms. The problem was that it wasn’t one or two ships navigating the asteroids, it was a fleet of twenty ships of all types. Not only was it twenty ships trying to navigate an asteroid field, the twenty ships were trying to do so without being detected. This meant that the ships had to go in fully stealthed. This meant that they had to go in completely M-com. The ships had to enter the asteroids completely dark, with anything that emitted signal turned and locked off so they couldn’t transmit any signal. This also meant that low powered communicators used aboard ship had been not only turned off, but had been confiscated. Even the search lights sometimes used to aid passive optical sensors were turned off. The old mark one eyeball and passive infrared were the only sensors that the infiltrating ships were allowed to use. Such was the respect that the republicans had of the Trenan Space Defense Command. 
The first attempt was if not a complete disaster nearly so. They tried to move the entire fleet into the rocks only the quick action by a couple of helmsmen and their computer assistants prevented a catastrophe. The tried it again and this time the Battleship Morgan collided with a rock. The damage done to the battle ship caused it to be towed back to home port of New Baltimore.
The next time instead of moving the fleet in a group they sent a single ship in. It mapped the asteroids. It was then that they realized that the asteroids approaching Trena were well mapped and freely distributed to everyone. Using that principle they used the mapping they had conducted and attempted to insert the ships by coming out of FTL at specific spot in the asteroids. It worked but they couldn’t all do this as the Trenans would spot that.
Agents on Trena were trying to turn any one working the space defense organizations. The embassy on Trena realized they had been talking to Junior. The back up to Trena’s main defense computer had been compromised months ago.
Book 6: The Plan Begins to Come Together
Chapter 1: Staff Meeting
“Room! Atten-hut,” A voice at the back of the room yelled as Wilson entered the room. He was still getting used to that. He looked around the room and saw the NCO who was General Langtree’s driver and nodded. 
“As you were,” Wilson said taking his seat at the head of the table. There were only a few military officers present, “Sergeant, thank you for honoring me but in the future for this meeting we’ll dispense with calling the room to attention for me.”
The Queen who had gotten to the meeting before him nodded and remarked, “We’re mostly equals here, so let’s keep the pomp and ceremony to the throne room.”
“Marshal,” Mylea said “We’re ready to start the briefing.”
“Go ahead,” Wilson said, twice a week the team came together to discuss what they had accomplished and where they were in the process of the evacuation.
“Janet why don’t you go ahead first,” Mylea replied.
“Thank you Mylea,” Fire Chief Janet Able began, “Marshal I have finally managed to get the fire and EMS system realigned. As you know we had a lot of capacity in the big cities and less in the outlying areas.  I’ve transferred people and equipment as needed all over the planet. I had to fire a couple of chiefs.”
“Oh,” Mercer said wondering what problems Janet had caused for him.
“Yeah one chief had just conned his city council in to buying an aerial rescue and suppression rig. A rig generally purchased for work in the cities with high rise buildings. When I reassigned it to the city of Macon, he about had a fit. Circleville doesn’t have a building over fifty feet. Macon has five or six buildings with ten stories. They had an old beaten up aerial rig and I just told Jonesy to make sure they had what they needed.”
“Janet,” Wilson spoke up. “Isn’t that going too far?  After all we plan to abandon this place in a year or so why rearrange equipment?”
“Macon has a large industrial center that we have to keep. So we need to have fire and rescue equipment and such just in case they get a bad fire. That’s what I am doing. Trying to put enough response equipment where we might need them in a hurry”
“That makes sense,” Mike remarked. 
“I wanted to remind all of you,” Janet continued, “that forest fire season is amongst us now. So far we’ve had some minor grass fires nothing that can’t be handle with jumpers, or wild land attack teams. What I need is some indication of how you want us to respond. What I mean is how you want us to treat these fires.”
“Mike,” Mylea spoke up, “What Janet is getting at; is that we’re evacuating this planet and at some point we are going to get a fire that we can’t fight either because we don’t have man power, or it’s threatening a town we’ve evaced or no longer has anything we need in it.”
“I see,” Mike said.
“But we do have a problem,” Jonesy spoke up, “although most of our air assets can fly through smoke and other environmental hazards, we will want to suppress some of these fires. We will need to keep highways and waterways open. My current plan since we don’t have enough ground to orbit assets to move our people, is to move them by ground transport embarkation sites. In order to move our people I have to keep my ground facilities open. Also I may be wrong with this; but I think Ag will want some fires contained clear to the end. We’ll be harvesting food clear up almost to the very end.”
“She’s right Marshal,” A man at the other end of the table, “I’ll need to protect our grain and food crops until the very end. Otherwise I may not be able to feed our people as they travel to new worlds.”
“I see,” Wilson said, “It’s going to be might unpopular to be assigned as the last people off world.  Is there any way we can use the robots to do this?”
“We have quite a few automated FireBots.” Janet answered, “They usually are the first in on some of our wild land firefighting. But we don’t have enough. Most of the time they patrol a given high risk area and go to work at the first sign of a fire. But we have a lot of human supervision so that farmers and property owners don’t have problems with them. Even with AI supervisors we’ve had problems, so we’ve pulled them and have two human supervisors to a company. We have about two hundred for the entire planet. But they are not used for front line residential firefighting. Civilians just don’t trust them. I know that sounds like a human being prejudice against things robotic, but frightened people want to see human beings when they are trapped, they want to know that their rescuer is not going to get them killed as they get out of the house.”
“Okay so let’s approach it this way. Let’s put an additional company of firefighting robots on strip alert with a couple companies of fire fighters.” Wilson suggested, then looked to Janet and said, “You make it happen. General Langtree, Jonesy make sure she has the ground and air resources to get her people to where she needs them.”
“Anything else Chief,” Mylea asked.
“You have my man power reports, and other than the forest fire season, and pissing off some fake chiefs, well everything is as good as I can expect. Though boss, it wouldn’t hurt for you to get into some of the fire houses I don’t mean every day; but once in a while.”
“Point taken Janet,” Mike said, “I was planning to get into the outland in the next few weeks. Her majesty and I have discussed this; but we don’t want it to be a big crown visit with the security nonsense. Generals that goes for your troops and yours too Lord James.” Lord James was the commander of the Mounted Police.
“Next” the Marshal said.
“Bob,” Mylea said, “you have some good news.”
“Between the ship yards, both in orbit and on the ground we can have you nearly 1000 landing craft.” Bob Dupree of Boeing Spaceworks spoke, “We’re mixing production so that you will have about 200 LC 10s, 300 LC 6s and about 300 LC 8s.”
“That is good news. Once we start the heavy spacelift we’ll need the elsies,” Wilson commented, thinking, “Now if we can get the starlift we can get our people out of here.”
“Oh chief, you get me the plans for your FireBots,” Mr. Dupree interrupted Wilson’s thoughts, “and I’ll get my luxury outfitters to work on it. I have one line at the plant that was designed to build special fittings and such for luxury landing craft. That line is idle if we can convert it over to FireBots it’ll be useful.”
“How much is this going to cost the crown,” a voice far down the table asked.
“Jonesy?” Wilson asked.
“Well I’m not certain,” Jonesy's eyes looked away from the group for a minute as if she was thinking. “Between the donations from orbital mining, the unions not making noises about over time and such it could cost may be well almost nothing.”
“Bob we can’t let you do that,” Michael said, “you guys are going to take a beating”
“Marshal,” The man said, “It’s only money, and as long as we don’t have to buy much to keep things moving we’ll make out. The heavy lift vehicles will be sold as used some time in the next five years. We’re also reconfiguring our business so that we are now Trena Industries. We’ll be okay.”
“Lady Hawthorne?” Mylea asked she wasn’t going to push the money issue it would work out.
“Well my boys and girls have managed to complete the census. We know how many people are on Trena. The demographics show, who they are, what they do, as well as where our people are living. The AIs really made this work easy. The raw number is about 75 million souls give or take. The AIs figure that by the time we’re finished getting everyone off world that number might be 80 million. You know how emergencies influence the birth rate.  I’ve captured a couple of hundred containers, and we are in the process of packing up the museums. I’ve got feelers out for the animals in the zoos. I am afraid that we’ll have to abandon most of them. There is nothing really that exotic in the Trena Zoos and what with the heavy duty control of exporting animals of any type out of their native environment well...”She let it trail off. A few people visibly shuddered; they had all heard the stories of off world animals being imported into worlds without native predators.  “Let’s see that’s all my report.  I sent some of my boys and girls over a moving and shipping company learning how to pack containers properly. We had some err issues loading them at the museums. So now they know how to do it right.”
“Good deal,” Wilson said.
“General Langtree,” Mylea turned to the tall beefy human.
“Well Marshal,” Langtree “I haven’t been as productive as Lady Hawthorne” there were some chuckles, all knew how productive the lady could be, “but be that as it may, I have surveyed or my staff has surveyed all ground based flight maintenance operations. We will need to move some stuff around. But I am loath to do it before we have to. What I am thinking is that I’ll build LZ near towns to be evacuated. Support it with one of the chief’s fires companies, a forward area maintenance team and a Forward Area Control Team with them. If General Qoum can support me with a militia company, and admiral Klond support me with a couple of EMT APCs we can forward support the evacuation at the sites.” The officers began writing on their PDAs.
“In the meantime orbital flight maintenance teams are up to snuff. At some point we’ll have to abandon ground base maintenance ops, and have to go purely with orbital teams. 
“Although the Queen’s bird has been one of my charges for years, I have just given it a thorough examination. It shouldn’t give you any problems your majesty. I am assigning permanently one bird to you marshal as well as General Qoum.  Lady Hawthorne owns a light courier.  Lady I want to see that bird in my Trenaport Facility sometime soon. I want to give it a once over and make sure it’s good to go. From here on if it gets a cross wise fart I get to learn of it. All of its operating cost will be borne by the EVAC.
“Ground stuff,” Langtree went on, “I’ve taken the liberty of moving some ground transport around. Marshal you now have a permanent vehicle assigned to you. Or will soon, as soon as my guys get done working on it. It’s being rebuilt into a command vehicle. It’s an armored jeep used by the FAC to coordinate air assaults. I am adding a better com suite.  You’ll be able talk to all your commands from the vehicle. I am doing the same for all principle commanders.
“Next item,” Langtree went on, “Each Fiefdom has its own highway and road maintenance group, and each fiefdom’s has ten or twenty small counties they all have part of the highway maintenance operation. I have met with their directors or ministers and have developed a strategy to respond quickly to any problems. I just need to know who or what town you are going to do first.”
“Anything else,” Mylea asked, Langtree had submitted his report prior to the meeting.
“Nothing else save when do we start?”
“Soon,” Mike said, he was anxious to get stated.
“Admiral Klond?” Mylea asked.
“We’re supporting the operation I have a new hospital patrol ship cycling in next week the Bon Ton. We’ve lost another ten souls at the field hospital from the nursing homes. We’ve recovered another twenty from expectant to recoverable.” Michelle replied, “Like the chief, I have moved some of the kingdoms assets around we’re better prepared to respond to most things. I’ve spotted some IRS medics in towns where ambulance and EMS service is sparse.  We’re ready to go.”
“Lord Mercer,” Mylea asked.
“Well so far the political fallout has been light. The Contra Party is of course solidly against the evacuation. They are launching a very negative press campaign. There are some banking and other financial people who are doing their best to make things interesting.  They have decided to foreclose on every mortgage they can.  There’s not much I can do at this time, but some people are losing their homes, and farms. But in the next few weeks the joke will be on them as there will be no one who wants to buy a farm they won’t be able to do anything with next year. I am working with the House of Lords to issue a general amnesty of mortgages and loans. I know it will hurt some of the banks, but I’ve been told that many people are not paying their loans now so they can have a nest egg when they leave Trena.”
“Larry,” the Queen spoke up, “Each family group who is leaving Trena to a settled planet will be given a one thousand crown grant from the treasury.  I figure I’ll be broke by the time we’re done with this, so spending the money is no big thing.  So if the treasury doesn’t have enough money in it we’ll move funds from my personal accounts. It’s more important that my people have what they need than me being able to buy a new bling bling.”
Larry nodded and went on, “I still think it is important that we let the bankers know that they are not going to gouge and make a profit on the backs of our people.”
Although a member of the conservative Loyalist or sometimes known as the Royalist party. He was a strong advocate for the common every day citizen of Trena.  He had a particular antipathy for greedy and dishonest business people.
“We are going to have some problems with the town councils and mayors. The Lords are pretty much resigned to what’s happening but some of the town councils and such have power highs that are going to have to be burst one way or the other.  We will be walking into some tricky stuff in the districts. But for the most part politically we don’t have much of a problem.”
“Foreign Minister Kenworth,” Mylea continued sensing Mercer was done.
“The Realm and the Empire are both giving us their undivided support.  The Theocracy is saying that it’s our just deserts, the People’s Republic is just waiting for us to clear out enough to come a calling and take what left.  I’ve gotten gestures of support from some of the smaller star nations but nothing in the class of the Realm or the Empire.  The Star Exploratory Forces of the Galactic Council has given us a lead on a world we might be able send our people to.  Although article ten of our charter declares that Trena will not colonize worlds or solar systems outside of the Trena Solar System it is being ignored.  The Galactic Council’s Security Council has requested that all member nations assist our people and allow them to immigrate to their nations.  With each planet’s and star nation’s emigration laws and regulations relaxed if possible.  Our people will be refugees. There isn’t much we can do about that but they will have a safe place to be.”
 “Which brings us to the next item, General Qoum” Mylea said. “You have a briefing on the exploration flight.”
“Well not much to say,” Qoum replied, “They should be on site in the next day or so. They have instructions to verify the conditions reported by Star Exploratory Forces. Although they reported that it was friendly to life and that there is no sentient life. If there is a population the planet’s a bust and we have to go elsewhere. It’s about twenty light years distance. It’s in a stable star system. Thankfully there’s no asteroid belt!” That brought some chuckles “It has several planets and moons, all which can be mined for resources. It’s a little farther in towards the People’s Republic than I would like; but farther away from the Theocracy.  It’s a little colder than Trena, but the day is longer. And the year is also longer. When surveyed one hundred years ago there was no sentient life seen; but it was a quick fly by with an only EM sweep. There were no EM emissions and they didn’t do anything more than run through the system and map the planets orbits. They didn’t leave any automated survey equipment or make full planetary explorations. It is situated in such a place that we could become a transshipment place like we are now, and be able to conduct business like we have in the past.”
“Assuming that this planet is suitable, what’s our next step?” The Queen asked.
“Well we need to start recruiting pioneer parties, and start the emigration to other worlds.” Michael replied.
“We have some of that in the works,” midway down the table, an elderly man spoke up for the first time, Wilson couldn’t recall his name. 
“And what is that Mr. Hassingforth,” Mylea asked. “What sort of plans?”
“I have sent requests out to all the recruiters in the realm, the empire, and any star nation not hostile to the Kingdom. I have invited them to come to Trena and set up shop. My plan is to get as many of our people who don’t want to be pioneers, jobs on other worlds. Our people have a great many useful skills and occupations. Hell sir half our people emigrated to Trena from many of these same worlds.  I am also hunting the colonial databases to see how many colonial opportunities there are. Our first,” he put his hand in the air making quotes as he said, “employment fair” and continued with his hands on the table, “is in about a week.”
Wilson’s first instinct was to ask why he hadn’t heard of it sooner, but held his tongue, he had been so busy trying to get the logistics of the evacuation started that he hadn’t met all of the staff yet. Mylea had handled a lot of the recruiting leaving him free to consider other issues. Instead he asked, “What do you need from the crown sir?”
“Sir the Prime Minister’s office infused my ministry with enough cash to do the job. What I am going to need is to have a guaranty that when one of our souls has a contract for employment off world they have no trouble getting off world.” the man answered.
“Mylea, would you make sure that happens. I want Lord Jamieson and the Mounties to make sure that when people have off world contracts they can get through the security operation and into the port and get off world.” Wilson turned to the two of them. “Mr. Mercer I want you to help with that also.”
“Aye sir,” Mercer said, “I’ll also see about getting the colonial shares for anyone who has a colonial contract.”
“I see I forgot Lord Jamieson,” Mylea said, “Your lordship.”
“Nothing much to report sir. Things are relatively quiet.” Jamieson reported, “The closers have gone to ground we can’t find them. There have been no clones killed in the last week. Murder rate is down. We had a few people try to run the security gauntlet at the port; but none of them have been successful. Crime rate went down for a while. Now it’s going up again. But we thought it would Sir Mike. The Companions have been on planet long enough now they have relieved our guys. Everyone is now well rested. One side note sir, that’s kind of funny.  The informers have been going to the Companions with their tips.  They think that the Companions will pay for almost anything.  But Mylea’s old cohorts are not that naive. They check everything and pay only for good stuff. One of the informants tried to sell information about last year’s jewel heist!”
Mylea had heard about that and heard the other part of the story also. The Thonian detective had simply showed up at the man’s bar in full uniform, and said loud enough so everyone could hear, “Thanks for the tip we got our man and here’s your reward,” laying a hundred crown note on the bar. They found the informant the next day in the hospital with several broken bones. That stopped the bogus information for a couple of days.
“Okay that concludes this meeting.” Mylea said a few minutes later after Wilson made his report. 
Mylea and Wilson were going over the meeting notes making plans as to what to make top priority and how to get the things they need done.  When Liz came in and handed Wilson a note. Wilson nodded showed the note to Mylea and left.
Chapter 2: Kellogg’s Meeting
“Get in,” the driver of the limo said. Kellogg looked over and saw an old friend, a friend who dropped onto Trena every once in a while to see him. He usually touched base with Kellogg and they shared a drink or two. It was very informal, and they shared what information they had.  
Kellogg got in.
“Good morning Kellogg,” the assistant chief of Ebio security said. “It’s been a long time.”
“It has,” Kellogg returned hoping no one had seen him get in the car.  Kellogg had contacts all over Trena. Some quite public many; others clandestine, some were underworld mobsters and assassins, “I thought the port was closed.”
“To a certain extent,” The man said, “I’ll be able to get out.”
“I hope so,” Kellogg said, “The truce is broken.”
“Kellogg,” The man said exasperated, “I didn’t send the closer team.  My boss was instructed not to by the CEO.  Here’s the recording.” He handed him a memory chip. “It’s Hozenbur.”
“Fuck,” the former closer replied. “You know she’s the reason I am no longer closing your files.”
Hozenbur had been on the last detail he had been on.  Hozenbur had violently abused a clone cutting off his genitals while he was still alive, and then eating them while the man watched.  She then proceeded to dismember him while still alive. Kellogg had tried to stop Hozenbur; but her team held him back and made him watch. From that time on he had helped countless clones escape. He had been part of the underground railroad out of the empire until he came to Trena. On Trena he had laid low for nearly a year watching and observing the associations and how they worked. Then one day he saw a clone in trouble. He quickly came to the clone’s help killing the closer who was trying to retrieve the clone.  Later several clones and other defected closers sought him out and they formed the Freedom Association. They made it their life’s work that closers never harmed clones.
“We want her,” The man said.
“You can’t have her,” Kellogg said, “that sorry excuse for excrement is dead when I find her!  If she’s on world we’ll find her and then I’ll close her file.”
“You close her file there’ll be a million crowns in your Trena account. There is already five thousand crowns deposited in the associations. Oh don’t worry Kellogg,” The man said “it has been washed so thoroughly that no one knows where it came from. Ebio will be meeting with Justice tomorrow where we will be giving them this file on Hozenbur and several others.” He handed him another data chip.  “Shortly thereafter, the entire closer operation will be exposed to the light of justice.  Certain names and operations will not be made public. All of the closers currently on Trena, or who have gotten out of it and are now MIA to the company, are not part of the list. In fact that list has been destroyed.”
Kellogg was speechless. He doubted the list had been thoroughly destroyed. Too many people had their own personal copies. Not to mention how hard it was to destroy files that were stored by a computer.
“Good Day sir and good hunting.” the limo stopped and Kellogg got out, the meeting clearly over.
Chapter 3: The Queen’s Summons
“Your majesty, the Marshal is here,” Queen Agatha’s secretary showed Wilson in.
“Leave us and make sure we are not disturbed.” Agatha commanded. Her secretary quietly left them.
“What’s up?” as Wilson sat down he couldn’t help, but notice the Queen’s dark mood.
“This,” The Queen almost snapped then spoke to the Page the palace’s AI aid, “play diplomatic message 12.”
“Your highness,” The computer displayed an image of the Trena Ambassador to Earth. “We received a package from Ebio. They are making a request that we arrest and hold for pickup some ten thousand biopeople, including Lady Wilson. Many are escaped biopeople. One or two are for former employees. A few like Lady Wilson are wanted for questioning by company police about a murder. I’ve shared it with mostly with Mr. Lampert my crown attorney. One video shows Lady Wilson on a gun range shooting with a man who latter was found dead with a message on his body, ‘Never kill a marine. Their friends and family will render justice!’ Circumstantial evidence indicates she may have done it. Another shows a Henry Kellogg who is implicated in a grisly murder. Shows he might have tortured a bio.
“We haven’t replied to Ebio,” the diplomat finishing up, “It is crown policy to give asylum to escaping biopeople. Even if we suspected they have committed a crime. What are your instructions your majesty?”
“Michael,” The Queen said, “I almost didn’t show you this to you. I didn’t want you to know I knew about Lisa’s past. I knew Lady Wilson had a history. I almost had the entire package destroyed. Then I wasn’t going to tell you what I knew.”
“Then why tell me,” Michael asked.
“Because I made a solemn promise to myself that I would never hide anything from you.” The young queen replied, “There can be no secrets between us. None! If the trust between the two of us isn’t total; then our people are in really poor shape. Besides I wanted you know I had it. I’ve seen what Lisa is implicated in I don’t want to believe she could do something like that. I want that video never to see the light of day. Yet it will leak and I didn’t want it to surprise you.”
“I’ve seen the video,” Michael said, “before I left the Black Guard the IRS responded to a derelict vessel. It turned out to be an Ebio courier. That was about 28 years ago. We hit a data gold mind. We not only recovered that video. We also recovered several hundred terabytes of data. It also showed several executions of imperial officers. Is there another reason you want to keep this quiet?”
 “There’s a lot of other stuff.” Agatha said, “A lot of it should never see the light of day. I want to send arrest warrants out for all these people. Especially that Henry Kellogg, he’s the one that was here the other day and caused all that excitement.”
“Before you do that,” Mike suggested, “have James’ people run the names. You might be surprised what comes back.”
The young woman looked at the older man not knowing what to say.
“The other thing,” Mike continued scratching his jaw, “Is that none of those names are attached to a GalPol warrant. If they did they would not get beyond the space station or other port of entry for the kingdom. Matter of fact if there were GalPol warrants out for them and they got through the port, anytime they needed municipal or other governmental services, their identities would be checked, they would be flagged. There are no warrants or there would be extradition warrants from Earth or the jurisdiction where the crime was committed.”
“That’s right,” the young queen remarked trying to remember the hours of interstellar law that her regent had patiently tried to teach her. 
“What do we do?” Agatha asked.
“We keep this dispatch confidential,” Marshal Wilson answered. “Notice I said confidential not secret! That gives us more freedom of action. We can choose how to deal with each of the people on that list on a case by case basis!”
“That makes sense,” The Queen commented, “I want the Mounties to review that video. Especially that one on that Kellogg!”
“Then what?” Mike asked.
“Whatever they recommend, I’ll do. Up to and including extradition, or deportation!” Aggie responded.
“No matter who it is,” Wilson responded, “It could be Lisa.”
That got her attention. She looked at him with sudden understanding.
“Let’s be reasonable.” Her Marshal continued, “You are going to find out there are Ebio defectors on your staff and throughout the kingdom.  Many have not committed one crime here on Trena.”
“Even Kellogg,” the Queen asked.
Marshal Wilson nodded before continuing, “Aggie there are people who have defected from the company that are good upstanding people.  Kellogg in particular. He’s an ex closer, who immigrated to Trena. He works around the edges of bio society. He sometimes takes action to protect the bios he once killed for the company. Outside of Lisa, he is the clone’s greatest protector.” Michael continued, “There are others who for one reason or another tried to work within the company to stop the cloning. The new CEO is determined to change the company, looks like she did. I’ll not pressure you one way or the other. But don’t make any decisions on this for a couple of days. Whatever you decide, I’ll of course support it.”
She looked at the older man. She had never felt even as close to her father as she did to Marshal Wilson. He would follow her orders. Once she had come to an informed decision there was no question about following them. He never let her act irrationally.  Her other advisors would do whatever she asked without question, they never challenged her, never told her what they really thought, Lord Mercer yes, but none of the others. Mike had argued with her in private, and had questioned some of her decisions, and had chewed her out like a young recruit, but when she made her decision that was all there was to it. “Okay Sir Mike, no rash decisions.”
Chapter 4:  A Shaggy Beast
The Roustabout was an Elint, or electronic intelligence platform for the Trena Militia, it not only collected intelligence; but was designed to be a coordination and control platform for the Surveyor Flights, and squadrons of fighter space craft. When Roustabout flew it flew with a constellation of four Surveyor craft, and twenty space air superiority fighter space craft.  This time when Roustabout flew, it was with only four Surveyors Craft and with four LC-6 medium lift landing craft to land exploration parties on the new world.  As they approached the world the Roustabout launched the surveyor craft.
“This sure beats long patrol,” the sensor operator called as Surveyor 008 left the Roustabout. They had been chosen for this mission as they had the best crew in the surveyor teams. 
“Yeah,” The crew chief said as he checked the ships systems. “A couple of quick turns around the planet with full sensor sweeps and back to the Roustabout then home. Hell, this is the shortest survey mission we’ve been on.”
“Okay folks,” The mission commander for surveyor double oh eight broke into the chatter. “As a reminder, the Star Exploratory Forces flew the system a hundred or so years ago. They did a quick flyby of number four here to determine if it was habitable. They didn’t even do an atmospheric survey. When they surveyed the star system for civilization they only did an EM survey. They found no electronic emissions. They didn’t take the time to do an imagery survey of the planet. We’ve been tasked to do is make a pole to pole mapping survey. 
“We’re to do a full mapping run, from pole to pole.” The mission commander continued. “We’ll be the only one here, the others are checking out the rest of the system. So, pilot, take us to the top of the world.”
“Aye, to the top of the world sir,” the Thonian pilots replied and activated the preprogrammed flight plan.
So they went to the top of the world. Like Trena it had an ice cap that came down a couple thousand miles from the pole. It was an arctic desert, with only a few large roaming animals. As they orange peeled the planet in a long slice from the north to the south pole they found that the planet was lush. It was heavily forested, thousands and thousands of miles of forest land. The forested lands gave way to wide prairies, and savannas. The sensor operators narrated what their sensors were recording.
“Coming up on a mountain range now,” one of the operators was saying, “Most likely this continent’s continental divide, it runs southwest to northeast. Looks like it might be seven eight thousand miles long. What is that Jack!” the senior operator nudged the operator beside him.  He had been half watching his station mate’s display. “Damn those are big!” The other sensor operator keyed in the intercom. “Trena has nothing like these; on Earth they were called bison.”
“On Thonia,” the other sensor operator called, “Largils are that big and they are as gentle as a new born child.” 
“It’s moving toward that dark mass!” the sensor operator called, “Damnation, it’s a herd of them. It’s like a sea! Hey what the hell is that?” He tightened the zoom controls on the camera to its tightest viewing scale. “Hey it’s a man. Man there’s twenty or thirty of them! They’re stalking one of those shaggies damn one of them has climbed up on the shaggy and is riding it.”
“Look at that!” The other operator called, “They’re swarming it. They brought it down and they did it with only their bare hands! Can you believe it?”
“Okay folks settle down,” the commander broke in. “Let’s go to full stealth. Pilot, get us down close. I don’t want us seen by those abos.” 
“Roustabout, Roustabout, this is Surveyor 8.” The commander called, “Condition Bust. I say again Condition Bust. We are feeding you live video and surveillance, we are in full stealth mode, I want Surveyor 5 down here also I want another group of eyes say a thousand west of us on the south east slopes. I want to make dam certain that this isn’t a case of a downed space crew. I want them to start doing a debris scan.”
“Roger 8" Roustabout replied. “We are seeing your scans now.”
“Pilot,” the commander called seeing another group of men dragging a sled towards the woods, “I am tagging a group on the ground. They’re moving some where towards the woods. I want you to keep us over them I want you track them to where they’re going.”
“Roger!” one of the pilots called. The pilots saw the group that the commander had put an icon on and now was displayed on their screen. The commander standing in the doorway to the flight deck watched as his pilot team worked without saying a word to each other.  The Thonians’ were unnerving to watch. But they could make the surveyor craft do things its designers would consider impossible. They flew the ship into a near hover as they followed the tribe back to the woods.  The woods were so dense that the people couldn’t be seen from the sky.  They switched to infrared and radar sensors. The Chief was able to direct an almost never used surveillance microphone onto the people and recorded their language. A Thonian back on Roustabout began the process of translating what they were saying with the help of the AI. 
“It’s not any known language,” the linguist said, “It’s not Terrish, Thonian, or even Verlin.” 
It took days for the hunting party to a get to its settlement. Usually the Surveyor flights could stay on station for weeks at a time, but Captain Vaughn in Roustabout decided that the surveyor flights could only stay on site for only a few hours at a time. No more than 8 hours at a time. When the surveyor flights came off station they continued the mapping mission. The discovery of the hunting party was just the beginning. It didn’t take long to find other evidence that the planet was a bust. As they continued their mapping they found other tribes of people. They found no evidence of high technology, no radio, no holovision, no machines greater than human powered, animal powered or wind power.  There were some sail powered sea craft. They found nothing more elaborate or technically complex than a man of war from Earth’s 5th century pre empire.  Their hope of finding the remains of a star ship that would allow them to colonize this world came to a dramatic end when they witness a battle between two large sailing ships.
Finally, Captain Vaughn recalled the surveyors and made preparations to leave the planet. 
The last surveyor flight to be on post of the aborigines was Surveyor 008. As they pulled out, the stealth system failed allowing the leader of the Woods Clan to witness the failure.  He was in a meadow a little ways from the clan’s village where he was pointing out the stars to his son when the stealth system failed. The head man didn’t know what it was he was seeing but he didn’t think it was a good omen.
Chapter 5: Kellogg’s Next Meeting
They met in a small out of the way coffee shop in the north of Trenaport. They met informally every few weeks to share information and to swap lies as a group. They occasionally met in between their group meetings in small groups. They felt what they did was better discussed face to face than via email, or over the phone. When it was time to meet they would wander into the coffee shop. Without a word they seemed to ooze out of the street about the same time. Occasionally Kellogg or one of the others would say let’s meet and the word would go out. A day or so later they would show up at the meeting place. This time Kellogg put the word out.
Molly, the widow of a closer, owned the shop where they met. She knew who her husband was and how he had supported her and her children. When he was killed on a job, she emigrated to Trena and set up the coffee shop. In an effort to make amends to the biopeople she would hire clones just “off the boat” as she put it helping them get a stake and making sure that they were not fakes coming to close clones files. When the last one was in she closed and locked the front door and threw the security system hard on. No one would bother them.
“Folks I’ll make this short,” Kellogg said, “Hozenbur is on world, and she’s after Lady Wilson.” 
“Fuck,” one of the woman remarked, “I was hoping that bitch was dead and buried.”
“Well,” Kellogg said, “I won’t elaborate on those feelings much. It sums it all up.
“Hozenbur’s on planet and she’s brought a team with her. I know this may not be new news, but I had it confirmed by an unimpeachable source. Her expressed purpose is to close her ladyship’s file.  You all saw the news release from Terra? The company is getting out of the cloning business. So these guys won’t have an employer who will buy judges and kill juries for them. Many may give up the chase and just try to get out of dodge. That would be the best. But Hozenbur has a score to settle with Lady Wilson. Lady Wilson was responsible for Hozenbur’s greatest failure. Lady Wilson foiled the shipment of developmentals to Pleasure, and helped in their escape.  When Hozie came to recover them Lady Wilson prevented Hozie from taking them back. Well Hozie spent about a month in a life pod before they found her. A month is a short time on the calendar, but long enough to build up a very healthy hate.”
“Any of you guys hear anything?” Crow one of the few non former containment biomen in the group asked. He was with the Trena Mounted Patrol. He worked in their intelligence division and had been a great inside man for the group. “There’s been nothing on any of them. Not a thing. They’ve gone to ground.”
“We’ve been circulating photos among a lot of people. You know a lot people went missing right after the announcement by the Queen, so it’s worked to our advantage. There’s missing people walls everywhere. People posting photos of loved ones are being everywhere. Many people think that their husband, wife or son is just out sewing some oats and that they haven’t skipped out.” Crow continued, “But it’s not working. The Mounties have posted a kingdom wide ABP out for every known closer.  There have been no new closers on planet.” 
Crow had worked with the port police, and the custom’s AI and the defense department AI and found no new information.  He assumed the AI’s were reporting honestly.
“You know those clowns have to buy food.” someone commented, “if they haven’t bought food some one knows that they haven’t.  There’s a house or a building that people know they are going in and out of and that no one is buying food. No one’s seen food delivered or brought in. Hell even in the major estates they have to buy something. Even if only booze for the mistress!” 
“He’s got a point.” Another piped up. “You know some one’s rented a house, purchased a home, or building since the initiation of the general emergency. They paid cash for it.  They didn’t haggle with the price, and they did it long distance so that they wouldn’t bring too much attention to themselves.  That’s how the bitch did it!”
“Okay let’s beat the bushes. I want you all to hit as many real estate offices as possible. Kevin!” Kellogg turned to a small nondescript man on his left. “I need you to hit the clerk of court records and see if some one’s bought property since the notice.”
“You know Kellogg,” Someone said from the back, “a lot of banks have been trying to foreclose on mortgages, she could have taken advantage of that, or she might stand out as not much property is changing hands these days. No one’s buying swamp land these days. All of Trena is considered swamp land.”
“Kevin I want you lead the team on this. I want to know result by the end of the week,” Kellogg commanded. Kevin pointed to a couple of people who nodded.
“Folks the first major employment fair is this week at the convention center.” Kellogg continued, “I want our people in the area. It’s too good a place for Hozenbur to burn a few clones.”
“Kell,” Lady Wilson's driver spoke up, “The Queen and the Marshal are going to be there. There was talk of Lady Wilson being there also; but she got an appointment at the Evac Hospital.”
“I want as many of our people there as possible in that crowd” Kellogg said.
“Kellogg,” someone else said, “McGregor’s people will be all over the place. Between the Mounties, Palace Security, and the Companions, we may not be able to do anything.  Maybe we shouldn’t.”
“Kellogg,” the driver commented, “Although this association is common knowledge throughout the clone community, it isn’t that well known by the people outside law enforcement, and us. Do we want to expose this asset? It could be detrimental!”
“Good point Harcourt,” the head of the association said, “But it’s worth the risk.  I also don’t want non clones to be harmed either.  Hozenbur is just crazy enough to try something. If Hozenbur doesn’t pull something then the Theocracy or the People’s Republic will try something. Wilson’s people are good, but they could use some help.
“Folks I want no weapons,” Kellogg continued, “I know that means some of you will feel naked, but you’ll have to think about other things.  I don’t want a finger nail file, a hat pen, or a stylist on you.  The cops are going to be jumpy and I don’t want to lose any of you. Okay?”
“Yes master,” someone said from the back, Kellogg chuckled, as he responded, “I am not your master, just a concerned coworker.”
“Yeah right,” someone chuckled.
“Okay folks,” Kellogg said an hour or so later, “Let’s get out amongst them. Be safe and take only those prisoners we can prosecute!”
Chapter 6: Doc Klond’s Office
“Lisa!” Michelle called seeing one of her oldest friend in the universe.  
“Hi,” Lisa passionately hugged the older woman. It had been years since they had seen each other. They hadn’t seen each other since Michelle had helped her and Michael get away from Wilson’s lock up on Earth. “I figured I better find you since you haven’t been able to find me.”
“Okay folks,” Michelle said looking up to see Lisa’s security detail trying to be inconspicuous and blend into the walls of Admiral Klond’s clinic. “Go grab a cup of coffee, and come back.”
Lisa nodded, and all but Georgia left. Michelle was about to say something; but thought better of it, even when she examined the princess there was always an agent in the exam room to make sure she didn’t kill the heir.
“You didn’t stop by for a chit chat Lisa,” Michelle said, “Up on the table, young woman. Hot Lips,” Michelle said loud enough for her AI to hear her, “full scan of the subject on the table!  Send to my implant.”
“Yes Doctor.” the AI said, and began an all aspect noninvasive scan of Lisa. It took a mere second. Michelle had it sent to her implant so as not to alert Lisa of anything that the AI might find.  Lisa being a medical professional might become alarmed at some of the information and not take the time to look at all of the data objectively. When Michelle found out that her friend was pregnant, she understood why Lisa had come to her. She was two months along.  Michelle linked Lisa implant, and asked, “Do you want to keep your children?”
“Michelle,” Lisa said aloud, “What do you think? They are Mike’s kids! Jill and Abby could use another sibling.”
“Okay,” Michelle said aloud, “you’re almost fifty, but being a biowoman that shouldn’t be a big deal. From what you told me in the past. You’re two months along, and seem very healthy. Why did you come here?”
“I want you to be my baby doctor.” Lisa said, looking around the special container that the chiefs and officers of the Valiant had built for her many years before.  On the walls of her personal clinic were the children and grandchildren and even a great grandchild or two of the men and women she had treated in her long years of service to the empire. “Besides you have only one Wilson up there, you need at least two more,” Lisa point to a picture of Jill Wilson who Michelle had delivered 17 years before.
“That I do.” Michelle said, “Lisa I am not going to prescribe too much for you. I want you to get your rest. Rest doesn’t mean sleep. It means take it easy. I want you to get some exercise. You look fit but I want you get a least half an hour in the pool, or on foot around the palace at least once a day for the next few weeks. Watch your diet, and make sure you maid knows your pregnant. Did you know by the way that she’s a registered dietician?”
Lisa hadn’t known that but there were a lot of things she didn’t know about Maggie.
“Miss,” Michelle turned to the agent who was sitting quietly on a stool by the door, “You keep this young lady safe. If you don’t...”
“Admiral,” Georgia interrupting the Ancient Admiral looking her dead in the eyes as she continued, “By my life I won’t let anything happen to them.  Besides Admiral, there are now three very special people to serve and to protect.”
Michelle nodded then asked, “What’s your back ground miss.”
“I was trained by the Realm and the Empire’s VIP units, plus the Trenaport Mounted Personal protective detail. I also was at one time a licensed EMT until I came onto the protective detail.” Georgia said, “I was part of a hostage rescue team. I was the team medic.”
“You’ll do.” The admiral said. “Do me a favor. You saw those two walking mountains sitting in my outer office pretending to be nurses.  Well they are my protective detail. When you get a chance, just so I would feel better, would you touch base with them and see how they can fix you up for supplies.”
“Uh Admiral,” Georgia said cautiously she had heard about this lady and wasn’t quite certain how to talk with her about taking care of Lisa. “Although I am not a currently practicing EMT, the royal surgeon has dragged me into his office twice a year for the last five years and made sure I know my stuff and has personally told the staff when I go shopping for my supplies, don’t even question what I want.” Seeing the admiral stern look, Georgia relented a bit, “but I will touch base with them and see if they have any useful stuff I can steal.”  Besides, those walking mountains were the best looking men she had seen in a while and she had just been giving orders to talk to them. An order she was going to take advantage of. 
“All right miss,” The admiral replied.  “Now will you two get out of here?  If it’s anything I hate to see is healthy young women in my clinic.  They have better things to do.”
“Admiral they want us on the alert bird.” Snatch poked his head into the clinic. “They just went to Mountain with the Militia.”
“Lisa,” Admiral Klond called picking up her go bag as Lady Wilson began to leave her clinic, “I’ll catch up with you later.”
“Lady Wilson,” Georgia broke in, “we have to move now!” 
“What’s going on?” Lisa asked as she was gently; but firmly pulled out of the clinic.
“Not certain, Georgia said, “They want you to safety.”
Chapter 7: Employment Fair
Michael was distracted as he waited for the Queen.  He had noticed that the last couple of weeks that Lisa had been ill in the morning, and now she was seeing the Admiral. He was afraid that her ordeal with Kellogg a few weeks ago had caused some medical problems. He also suspected that she was holding out on him.  But he didn’t even want to begin thinking along those lines yet. He wanted to see more evidence before he asked her if something was going on. 
“Mike,” Mylea said seeing the distracted look on her boss’ face. “Is everything okay?”
“Yeah,” Wilson said adjusting his uniform, “just thinking.”
Mylea noticed the tension in Michael.  She had seen it building over the last few days.  There seemed to be more since the news of Ebio news broke. She and Michael had discussed the ramifications of the divestment of the company’s assets on the evacuation; but they both had more or less come to the conclusion, that it might work in their favor. As the company owned lock stock and barrel several inhabitable worlds with no native population. All of them ready for colonization.  She didn’t think it was that though, she was certain it had something to do with Lisa. But what she didn’t know.  Maybe it was Lisa’s doctor’s appointment today.  She had known Lisa ever since she had come to Trena.  She wished she was as healthy as her friend was. She hadn’t seen the woman sick in the time she had been on Trena.
The first indication that they queen was approaching was the quiet assumption by the protective detail of their pre departure posts around the car port. Two more agents took a post outside the main door to the Queen’s residence.  The car gently pulled to a stop in front of the door. The war wagon, an armored all terrain hover craft took up a position behind the limo. Then the Queen left the residence, Wilson stepped up beside her as did Mylea and they entered the limo.  They had decided not use the command vehicles for this trip.
“You with us Mike,” The Queen asked sensing he was distracted.
That broke him out of his distraction, “Yes.”
“You seem distracted,” The Queen commented.
“Sorta,” Mike said, “Worried about Lisa. She’s been sick the last couple of days and she’s seeing Admiral Klond this morning.”
“Oh,” Mylea replied, “I hope it’s nothing serious.”
“She’s usually doesn’t get the sniffles,” Mike commented, “I wish I was as healthy as she usually is.”
“Michael would you rather go to the field hospital than go with us?” the Queen asked.
“No,” he said after a moment, “If it was something serious she would have asked me to go with her. It’s something minor.”
“Are you sure,” The Queen asked. She had never seen any married couple as close as the Wilsons were, except maybe lifemated thonians.
“Yes,” Michael answered.
A few minutes later they pulled into Trenaport’s Royal Convention Center. The convention center was the newest building in Trenaport.  The Queen had cut the ribbon for it six months before. It was a combination indoor sports arena, convention center, and theater. Trena was a great convention center. For the same reason it was a great shipping world. It was literally at the hub of several star lanes. Its temperate climate, and interstellar class beaches, casinos, hotels and restaurants made it a great place to hold a convention, take a vacation, or hold your interstellar conference.
“It’s a beautiful building,” Mylea said as the building’s sculptured glass look took her breath away.  It looked like some giant artist had taken a hunk of glass then using a torch had carved an octagon out of it cutting intricate detail in all the walls. The translucent material acted as a prism as it caught the sun’s light and projected rainbows across the city.  Inside the Prism as it was called there was a large three million square foot arena. That could be sub divided into smaller facilities to hold meetings for as few as 20 people. Some of the meeting rooms were permanent and never changed their configuration.  Others could be configured to hold several thousand people. On the points of the octagon were turrets. Each turret held a specialty restaurant. There was a nautical theme on the one that looked onto the harbor. There was a space theme on the south turret that looked at the space port. There were a couple of sports bars, and kids hang outs. It had been costly to build, but the Crown had put up fully half the funds needed to build the center. The people of Trena, and private enterprise put up the rest. Already it was a tourist attraction that people came from all parts of the galaxy to see.  Now it would be destroyed.  If not right away before a few years were out there would be a collection of shattered glass where a magnificent building once stood. A tear crept slowly down Mylea’s face as she realized the magnitude of the loss of this building.
“It looks like there’s a good turn out.” Wilson said seeing a long line snaking out of the building around the outside.
“Good.” The Queen said and gently squeezed Mylea’s shoulder as she saw the woman’s quiet tears.  Sometimes it was more than she could deal with thinking about the destruction that would soon befall her beloved world.
They pulled up before the entrance to one of the midsize meeting halls. A ribbon had been stretched across it. A sign above it said, “Evacuee Employment Fair!”  Beside the entrance was a list showing who was represented at the fair. Some of the biggest and smallest names in the galaxy were posted on that list.  Lockheed Space Craft, SpaceBus. General Construction, Bradley and Smoot accounting, Jones and Company Deep Space Construction were the big names. Some lesser known firms, such as Babbitt Career Center, Small Stuff Electronics. The Queen was impressed. Not only were the who’s, who of Interstellar industry and commerce were present, but even the lesser known’s were present.  As she stepped out of the Limo ruffles and flourishes erupted from the loud speakers. As she approached the minister of labor, the music died away. 
“Good Morning majesty,” The Minister a minor lord from contra party said softly. “Welcome to the employment fair.”
“You have quite a collection of names on that wall.” The Queen commented.
“Our people have always been known as some of the most experienced and best trained people in this part of the galaxy, highness.” the minister said, “With our liberal emigration policy, and wide variety of services and goods we provide we have always been a magnet for people who were the best in their fields or who wanted to start over.”
“I know under any other circumstances we would never have anything like this. At least not for off world employment recruiters.”   The Queen replied.
They took their seats on a small raised platform with a podium on it. As they did security got the limo out of the way and allowed the crowd to get closer to the stage. It was an unnerving proposition for the security unit.  They didn’t feel comfortable with this crowd.  Although the number of death threats spiked after the announcement, they had gone down to what the palace security staff considered normal. But this had the potential to bring the kooks out of the wood work.  There were extra security people walking the crowd. None of them looked like palace security.  Even then they missed it.
Kellogg didn’t.
Kellogg had his hands around a broom sweeping up some last minute waste near the platform. He had gotten himself on the convention center staff as a spot laborer.  He and ten of his people were scattered throughout that the crowd. Three of his people were a news team. A couple of his people were along the police lines. The rest were posing as employment candidates. Their objective was to spot trouble and to make it go away without the cops taking a serious interest. As he pushed his broom he watched the crowd. At first there was nothing. As the Queen spoke there was less movement in the waiting crowd, and surprisingly the crowd was quiet.
“Although my staff is working night and day to find a new home world for us to migrate to; not every one of our fellow citizens is cut out to be pioneers who must build an infrastructure to survive. And truthfully some of our fellow citizens’ skills are not geared toward that type of work. Because of this...”
The impact of the Brothers were about to be felt. The Brothers of the College of Cardinals consisted of several young zealots who had been indoctrinated in the way of the book. Once assured of their piety and belief in God they were turned into a weapon of terror for the Theocracy.  They had arrived on Trena at the request of the Bishop of Trena to be used in operations against the Trena Evacuation Command. Their objective was to cause complete and utter chaos during the evacuation. Blow up bridges, government facilities, and to take out as many people as possible when they committed suicide. The Theocracy was determined to make the heathen nonbelievers of Trena meet their maker.  Now one of the chosen as they considered themselves was taking the opening shot of the Theocracy’s offensive on Trena.
Kellogg was watching the crowd he had already been given a copy of the sovereign’s speech, so he wasn’t interested at all in what she had to say today.  It wasn’t that he didn’t want to hear what she said or needed to hear what she would say, it was much more important that he watch the crowd for anyone who wanted to snuff that message out. One woman kept fiddling with her clothes. She kept inching forward towards the podium. But what got his attention was that most everyone had opened their jackets, or had removed them all together.  This one hadn’t. She also seemed to be making an effort to keep it closed. Kellogg started to wander over. He locked eyes with Jonas, one of his people, and nodded. Jonas started to walk toward the person Kellogg indicated. They began stalking the woman. They didn’t want to do anything that would precipitate what she might be trying to do, and more importantly they wanted to make sure that they didn’t pick on an innocent. 
She got to the police line. Everyone was watching the Queen including the police. For their part the Queen’s protective detail was watching the crowd, but it was a big crowd and the sheer number of people made it nearly impossible to keep the whole crowd under surveillance the way it needed to be. She opened her jacket and Kellogg saw what was in it. 
“Bomb! Everyone Down! Down! Bomb!” With that Kellogg’s partner grabbed the woman’s arms and pinned them back, while Kellogg removed the trigger from her hand. 
The crowd went berserk running away from the struggle on the police line. Wilson only heard bomb before he was knocked to the ground and covered by his security detail. He had a glimpse of the Queen being tackled also and the last thing he saw before the last body collapsed on him was Mylea squatting in a three point stance her service revolver out.
What no one knew was that there was a second bomb in the crowd carried by a second suicide bomber. He was in the back of the crowd. He was to be the secondary bomb designed to get the first responders responding to the incident.   He was never intended to be the initial bomb. It was hoped that the first bomb would take out the Queen and the second one would cause the ultimate in the confusion and chaos.  For all the modern technology, the old combination of fuel, nitrogen based fertilizer, and latex still made an efficient explosive. The bomb had been impregnated with ball bearings and broken glass. It was a big bomb for a suicide bomb, fifty pounds of explosives.  When it went off it killed everyone within fifty feet of it.  The building had been designed as a disaster shelter. The blast hit the floor to ceiling sound baffle, and force absorbers. The baffles were designed to accept some of the blast pressure and channel some of it away from the walls and columns so the building wouldn’t collapse. What no one could understand later was why the first bomb didn’t go off either. The second bomb still caused tremendous amounts of carnage. It rained bodies and parts of bodies for a full minute after the bomb went off.
Chapter 8: The Response
“Attention,” the communicator on her desk burped to life with an all call, “We have a Mass Casualty Alert at the convention center. I say again we have a mass casualty event at the convention center. Stand by for dispatch!” 
“Louis!” Janet yelled, “Get the car and tell the palace infirmary they may have incoming. Computer, Connect me with Admiral Klond.”
“I’m here chief,” The communicator replied, “We got the message. We’ve launched the alert birds, and I’m rolling the heavy iron. The Evac Hospital is ready to accept casualties.”
“Copy all,” Janet called, as Louis her aid and driver roughly pulled her through the door. His job was to get her where she needed to be. 
“Trena Fire, Bat Six is responding to the convention center.” Louis called her old tactical call sign.  She was now Chief 1 on the planet wide fire emergency network.
“Roger Bat Six,” The AI replied, “Stand by for dispatch. All stations, we have a Mass Casualty alert at the convention center, Task Forces one, three and nine. Air rescues one and two; cave in pods one and two. Mass casualty pods one and three.”
The AI had gone to it major incident response protocol.  The AI by calling for task forces was emptying whole fire stations. It was the fasted way to dispatch whole stations, and since that included the ladders, the rescues, the engines, the medics, including the specialty equipment such as cave in and mass casualty pods it was the most efficient way to get the troops moving.  
It was sheer bedlam getting out of the palace offices to the chief’s buggy. The palace was going to lock down mode. They were reacting to a headless state protocol. They didn’t know if they had lost the Queen or not. So they were acting as if they had. Finally they made it through to the entrance where the chief’s buggy was parked. When the sirens came on and they started for the entrance people and things started to get out of the way.  Louis her driver took the center lane and started to move through traffic like a man possessed. The Trena Traffic Management AI was giving them and the other responding companies a clear shot to the convention district. When they got closer to the convention center two hover cycle cops started to leapfrog the intersections for them. Louis fell in behind Rescue 1 and they were soon sandwiched between Ladder 1 and Rescue 1.  They arrived on the scene as the other companies began arriving.
“Battalion Six on the scene assuming command. We have a multistory convention complex with some smoke showing. Rescue 1 get in there and give me an assessment; Engine 1 take a line in. Medic 1 get me triage set up in the parking lot.  Ladder 1 get me an LZ up.” Janet looked across and saw ES 1 coming in. Technically her boss until she had been seconded to the evacuation command. “Joe get staging set up I have IRS,” (she pronounced it as iris), “resources inbound and they’ll need to have a place to stage out of.”
He nodded and called, “ES 1 to all units, Chief Able has command, and Chief Timken has staging.”
He walked over to where most of the arriving fire equipment was arriving waiting for an assignment.
###
“McGregor,” Wilson yelled, “will you get off me!”
Suddenly the weight lifted and Wilson could stand. Wilson went to where the Queen had been standing and started to help people off her. She was buried under four security agents but unharmed.
“Mac,” Wilson yelled, “Get her out of here! Find the first news truck and get her on the air. Then get her the fuck to safety!”
“Aye-Aye skipper,” Mac said though his instincts said to stay with Wilson, he knew his boss was right. He pulled the Queen to her feet.
“I’m okay!” The Queen snapped. “Now get me to a phone!”
“Here!” McGregor yelled handing her the phone. “Star 1 gets you the command post!”
She hit star one on the communicator and called, “This is Empire, Stand down Succession Event. Authentication Juliet Tango! I say again this is Empire. Stand down! Succession Event Authentication Juliet Tango.” She said the magic phrase that had been drilled into her since becoming queen of Trena. It was the only way to authenticate that she was still alive and not under duress.
“Command Post copies Empire.  Do you need assistance?” The controller asked.
Mac took the phone from his queen’s hand and said, “Jorge this is Mac The command teams okay, I need a heavy lifter at my location. The Queen’s okay, but I need every ambulance, and medic you can get your hands on. We’ve got one hell of a mess. I haven’t seen a mess like this since I was in the militia. We got bodies, and pieces of bodies, and wounded all over the place. We may have two hundred dead! Possibly a thousand injured.”
“Okay Mac,” the duty controller called, “Smoke Eater is en route, the IRS is en route, and TFD is responding with a full mass casualty response. Now you do your job and get your people to safety! We don’t know if this was an assassination attempt or not. Now move your ass!”
That was all Mac needed. He moved the Queen through the carnage to the nearest entrance where the war wagon was waiting with the guard force out with their weapons at the ready. As she came out of the convention center a news team covering the event came running to her.
“Your majesty,” The reported yelled, “are you okay? Are you hurt?”
“Take this live!” The Queen snapped not caring if she ticked someone off “Citizens, and visitors of Trena, a bomb exploded in the Convention Center a few minutes ago. It has harmed and has killed a great many of our people.  I don’t know if it was an attempt to take me out, or to cause problems. Maybe both! When the justice ministry finds the person who is behind this the full weight of my government will fall on that person or persons. It is one thing to attempt to kill me it is another to go after innocent people. Now if you don’t mind I need to get out of here so these folks can help the survivors, they can’t do that if I am in their way. Get us out of here Mac.”
With that Mac and his team forcibly cleared a path to the war wagon. Once they were aboard the heavy duty all-terrain vehicle, it roared off with full police escort.
###
The first thing Wilson did was to take thirty seconds called Lisa on his communicator, “Connect to Lisa.”
“Go ahead Michael” Lisa’s voice came out of the instrument.
“There’s been a bomb at the convention center, I am involved but not hurt, Mylea, and the Queen; are not hurt either. At least I don’t think Mylea’s not hurt haven’t seen her. But get back to the palace and get with the Queen and help her. She’s not hurt; but someone just tried to kill her.”
“I know,” Lisa said, “Michelle’s on her way to you with all the armored ambulances they have.  I’m on my way back to the palace. Everyone is okay here. Call me!”
“Aye-aye” Wilson said hunting for Mylea.
He found her knocked out on the floor. Finding her pulse he picked her up and started to carry her out in a fire man’s carry. Half way out he saw Kellogg dragging a woman to her feet.  He locked eyes with Wilson and came directly over to him dragging the woman with him. 
“Sir Mike,” he said with a death grip on the woman, “do you need help?”
“No Kellogg,” Wilson said, “I’ve got her.” With that Wilson waded through the carnage.
When got out side he saw Janet setting up her command post.
“Janet!” Mike laid eyes on Chief Able, “Mylea’s down!”
“Shit!” Janet said, coming over. “Damn it, I am not going to explain this to her daughter.”
“You don’t have to,” Mylea had come to while Mike was carrying her out. She didn’t hurt much. Only her wrist seemed to hurt. She knew better than to struggle while he was carrying her. “Can you get one of your medics over here to look at my wrist?”
Janet gently looked at the thonian’s wrist and said “Mylea you’ll live. It’s broken but you’ll have to wait. You know the drill.”
“I certainly do.” Mylea said, “Well while I am waiting to be seen give me a radio and I’ll help you coordinate as much as I can.”
“Good deal.” Janet said, seeing the look on Wilson’s face.  Janet knew the history between Michael and Mylea. They had been through a lot together. Next to Lisa, Mylea was most likely his closest friend. “Mike she’ll be okay. Really.  You know the drill. She’s not going to be transported before we get the critical to the hospital.”
“Okay,” Wilson replied, “I’ve got work to do. I’ve got to find the people who did this.”
“She did!” Kellogg had followed Wilson out. Wilson turned and saw the woman that Kellogg had been with earlier.  “Look at this shit!” He ripped opened the woman’s jacket. Exposing the now disarmed bomb strapped to her. 
“Trena Fire this is Bat 6,” Janet called into her communicator, “I need the bomb wagon and UXB team at my location code red now! Fire Ground Push!” She said to the communicator, saying the code phrase to bring up every communicator on the fire ground taking over all channels, including every police, and IRS unit responding to the scene. “Attention on the fire ground, we may have other unexploded ordinance on the victims, and in the building. Nobody is to be moved until cleared by the Bomb Squad. No injured person is to be touched or moved until they are checked by the bomb squad.”
“This is the Marshal,” Wilson called into his communicator, “I want the perimeter secured I want every building checked, I want every person leaving this facility to be positively identified.  If anyone gives you any trouble give them the treatment, with full holographic documentation. I want that feed to go to the Queen’s Attorney’s Office.”
“Who are you?” Wilson put his communicator in his pocket and turned to the woman that Kellogg still held. 
“I am a warrior of the One True God.” the woman said, “as such I am not required to give my name to agents of Satan.”
“I see,” Wilson said his furry barely in check. She was a member of the Theocracy’s Brotherhood. They were nothing less and nothing more than terrorists. But Wilson as he got his temper under control he smiled, “Oh by the way miss, I’ll be sure to tell the bishop how well you failed to do your job.  In fact, since we don’t have the time to try you properly you will be held long enough to ascertain who you really are, and then you will be returned to the embassy.”
She just glared at him. By this time the bomb squad had gotten to them. Kellogg released the woman to the squad. Wilson nodded for Kellogg to follow him and the two walked off a ways from the commotion. 
“First off,” Wilson said, “the next time you take my wife hostage I am not going to mess with middle men understood?” Kellogg nodded. If the situation had been reversed he didn’t think that he would be that easy about it. He knew he wouldn’t.  “Secondly, I want you as part of the intel staff. Coordinate through Mylea, or Mercer.”
“Is that wise?” Kellogg asked.
“Hell I don’t know,” Wilson replied running a hand through his hair, “But I know I’d rather have you on my side than on theirs! You saved the day here Kellogg.  I mean that.  Now disappear. Those warrants are still active and it might be a while before I can get them nulled or get you a pardon.”
“A pardon would be nice Marshal,” Kellogg said, “But there is some advantage to keeping things the way they are now. I’m gone sir.”
Kellogg wandered off into the crowd.  Wilson shook he is head as he wandered back to where Janet and Mylea were coordinating the rescue.
###
“Attention in the Trenaport TCA.” The AI controlling the air traffic around Trenaport went to emergency mode, “We are now in full Emergency Air Traffic Control. All inbounds will divert to their diversion fields, all out bounds will hold at the gate, or on the pad. Trenaport is now a positive control zone from ground to orbit.”
The pilot of IRS 1 the lead ship of the IRS landing craft squadron stationed at the Evac hospital  heard the announcement, and then keyed his com, “Trenaport Control Life Guard  Flight with a flight of five Galaxy Lifters inbound on an emergency to the convention center. Request a direct vector to the convention center.”
“FAC to Life Guard.” A new voice called on the com.
“Go ahead FAC,” Life Guard called.
“This is the air controller for the convention center command. “ The voice said, “Please state load out!”
“I have five say again five LC 10 heavy with ambulances, and medical personnel. I have 250 marines that can be air deployed. The on board ready group includes battle field medics, and surgeons.”
“Please enter holding north of the center over the harbor. We still are searching for UXB we’ll call you in as needed. If you have UXB personnel on board you may air deployment them.”
“Roger that,” He changed to his inter ship channel. “Life Guard five you are go to make a run on the convention center. Deploy your bomb squad. Then join us in holding.”
“Roger commencing run now!” the pilot called breaking formation and diving for the deck. He came in barely missing the crystal towers on the north side of the structure. As he came over the structure he opened the back ramp and the bomb squad jumped with their equipment.
The bomb squads went to work. They began checking the injured first so the medics could get to work. Although the process was fast, it wasn’t fast enough for 33 souls who bled to death while the bomb squad secured the area. Another hundred or so would have to spend longer in the hospital due to the time it took for the medics to begin treating them. 
When Michelle got in she set up a field aid station where the medics would bring the most critical to her and her doctors. They quickly assessed the injuries assigning priority codes to everyone they saw. Although it took some time for the injured to be moved off, the system worked. The nonlife threatening injuries were put on buses and shipped over land to the EVAC hospital in the park.  Severely injured were air lifted or put on ambulances to the trauma centers around the city, with the most severe going directly to the hospital ship in orbit. In less than five hours the only thing left at the scene of the explosion was the coroner and crime scene investigators and 75 men and women who were laid out in a triple row of zippered plastic bags that would protect them until they were turned over to their families for internment. 
Janet and Michelle walked the long line of bodies one final time. They were double checking the names to make sure everyone accounted for the medical examiners. She wanted to make sure they hadn’t missed something. 
“It never gets easy does it,” Janet commented, “How many times in twenty years have I seen something like this.  You would think that I would be used it by now.”
“Ensign,” Michelle said, remembering that Janet had been an ensign with the Fire Protection Unit on Station 24 where she had first met Janet years before. “Whenever it does get easy, you turn in your papers and get out of this business.”
Janet just nodded, and said, “I’ll be okay admiral, but this is so senseless.”
“Terrorism is always senseless,” Admiral Klond said as she motioned for the final body to be removed. “It’s usually used by people who feel they have no other way to make their point with a larger more powerful opponent or it used by someone who is an expert at manipulation of a small group of mentally weak people who are made to feel this is the only way to accomplish their goals.  It works in the short term, but seldom in the long term, as the victims get fairly pissed off at the prospect and takes severe action. That action is often worse than the terror incident itself, and often makes things much worse.”
Janet just nodded, gone were the good old days of firefighting when a fire man just had to understand the physics and chemistry of fire, they didn’t need to be sociologist, or social workers. “This is going to turn ugly.”
“Yep,” Michelle said as they walked to the front of the hall. “I’m hoping Mike knows what he’s doing here. We could have more violence.”
Chapter 9: The Queen’s Briefing
“Your majesty,” Lord James the chief of Trenaport Mounted Patrol, “based on interrogations by the Trena Mounted Patrol, and Trenaport Emergency Mental Health Assessment the woman, whose real name is, Peace Homage, has been extensively programmed to be a tool of the Church of the One God. At this point she is not responsible for any of her actions and cannot be prosecuted. The best we can do at this point is to get her off world to a psychiatric facility. The Empire has a good one on Mars that handles just this type of problem.”
“Lord James,” The Queen looked to the older man, “Are you telling me that the Theocracy did this? That they tried to kill me?”
“Yes majesty, I am,” The police chief replied.
The young monarch was quiet. Pondering what the police chief was saying. Never, in her young life had she ever been the target of a real assassination attempt. For most of her young life the Queen had never really believed that she was the target of assassins. She always thought that Mac and his people over reacted. That it was just the way they controlled her. Now she knew the awful truth, someone wanted her dead. Someone she didn’t know wanted her dead, simply because she was the Queen. “So what are my options?”
“Not very many your majesty,” Wilson replied, “We definitely are not going to war over this. Even if we had the muscle to do it, now is not the time. We need to focus our energies on getting our people off world that should be our number one focus. We can order the church closed. I can have the Mounties raid the church like your grandfather did a few years ago, but I don’t think that will solve the problem. Not only are they a church, but they are a sovereign nation’s embassy. That would be an act of war on our part. That could cause us grief. What I am thinking we should do is to close the embassy. Since the Theocracy is not helping us out they will be asked to leave.  Since they are accredited to your court we can ask that they leave the planet and make all of their citizens go with them.”
“Let’s hold off on that,” The Queen said, “there is something to say about keeping an eye on them. We can at least keep the church under surveillance. 
“That does make sense.” Lord Kenworth said. “We don’t really have information to attach the suspect we have in custody with the Theocracy. We have only her word for it and no one else’s collaboration. I would rather wait until we have more information.”
“He does make a bit of sense,” Lord James commented.
“Okay I won’t close the embassy,” The Queen agreed. “But what I do want is to send him a message. I do want vengeance.”
“Aggie...” Wilson started.
“Don’t!” the Queen snapped holding up a hand, “I want to send a message to that oh so pious and honorable bishop so that he knows it’s from me and lets him know I know what he did.”
“This is very dangerous,” Lord Mercer said, “It could back fire.”
“Yes it could,” The Queen said, “but if we don’t send him a message we could have more problems.”
“General,” Wilson looked to his longtime friend and former commander, “Can I borrow a team?”
“What do you have in mind?” The Queen asked.
“Why not keep them under surveillance?” Mike said, “There is a park in front of the church. I am going to turn it into a staging base for a militia transportation team.  There will be enough traffic on the park that no one will go near the church. “
“I like it,” Mercer said.
“I want it obvious that we are taking pictures of the place. I also want one of your teams to infiltrate the church offices and bug it. The next time that mother pulls something I want to know about it,” Michael continued.
The general took out her phone, “This is Alphine, and I say condition Ugly Dog. Send me the duty team.”
She listened for second then signed off and turned to her old sergeant, “An hour or so Sarge!”
There were several Imperial War Ships and a couple Interstellar Rescue Service ships in orbit about Trena assisting in the evacuation. The hospital ships had at least one platoon each of the Black Guard. The elite Special Forces unit was made up of all service people in the empire; but not just the military but others too. To be in the guard you had to have been in the marines, army, IRS or law enforcement as well as others in imperial service for at least four years, and had to be recommended by a Black Guardsmen before being accepted into the unit.  The Alpha Teams were used by the hospital patrol ships to support their emergency response teams as they responded to emergencies, it didn’t matter if the emergency was medical or engineering, or the occasional anti-smuggling, or other law enforcement operation.  There was always an Alpha team on “pad alert” ready for deployment on each of the ships. With as many ships in orbit the alert team rotated among the imperial ships.  The heir knew that her request would be honored very quickly.
“Well that takes care of that as far as we can.  Until we know more information we can’t do much,” Wilson nodded then said, “Let’s move on.”
“Pete,” The Queen turned to the young public relations officer. “What is the media saying about this?”
“We may have gotten lucky,” the young man remarked looking at his notes, “The Just Say No group. That group that is saying no to the evacuation is claiming responsibility for the bombing. They called Don Least.”
“Oh really,” General Qoum remarked, “that kind of works into his program.”
“Yes it does,” Pete said still in awe over being in the room with the Queen and her staff. “But it also works to our advantage if you don’t want the Theocracy to know what we know.”
“Okay, don’t confirm or deny what we know Pete,” Wilson remarked, “That may make them, careless. Chief, you need to raid that organization to back up that report.”
“We have good cause to do that,” He turned to the Queen’s attorney, “I need a warrant.”
The Queen’s attorney had been quietly working on a data pad he looked up, “I’ll have to get it past the Trenaport Bench but you’ll have it soon.”
“Thank you,” The chief said.
“What is the rest of the news media saying,” Mike asked.
“Outrage mostly,” Pete replied, “the air waves have been filled with the news of the event and the reaction of the kingdom. Some of the calls to the call in shows have been brutal. Lord Rammer was on one and he beat up on you for not being able to protect the Queen any better!”
“Sometimes,” Lord Mercer commented, “I wonder if we wouldn’t be better off without him.” 
Wilson was about to comment when there was a discrete knock on the door to the office and Liz entered the room. She handed him a note. Wilson read the note chuckled and spoke to his aid, “Tell the boss I’ll be home soon!”
“Aye-aye sir,” Liz said and left.
“Everything okay,” The Queen asked.
“Oh yeah,” Michael said sheepishly, “Lisa is just a little concerned about us. She said that she was holding dinner for us.”
“For us,” Lord Mercer asked.
“Here I’ll read you the note,” Wilson said, “Michael, I know you and your friends are trying to save the world, but ya got to eat sometime! Dinner is about ready, when will you all be home?”
“You know Sarge,” Mylea spoke into the stillness, “We have to do something special for that lady of yours.”
“I second the motion!” The Queen said, more and more she looked to Lisa as a close confident. Mylea frightened her a little, and Lord Mercer she loved like an uncle, but Lisa was more like her long dead mother. 
“Then if no one has anything else we’re adjourned.” Mike said.
With that the five of them filed out of the palace’s emergency operations center they were meeting in. 
Chapter 10: A Special Announcement
As the limo carrying Jill Wilson approached the palace several of the Queen’s Guard, a special unit of the Trena Militia and the Trena Mounted Patrol came out from the gate like a spear head and pushed the media representatives out of the way of the limo. None of the Queen Guards were dressed in their normal uniforms; they were all dressed in battle dress uniforms and were all heavily armed. There was even an armored vehicle supporting them. That shook Jill a little. Once inside the gate in the entrapment area the vehicle was completely checked and their identities were thoroughly verified. The whole episode sobered Jill.
Once through the entrapment, (the space between the gate and the courtyard of the palace,) they went directly to the Wilson residence. As she stepped out of the limo a landing craft landed and Jill watched as her best friend Lamile came down the ramp.  Jill waited for the girl to join her.
“I see they got you too,” Jill said.
“Mom’s detail insisted that I come here.” Lamile said.
“Is she okay?” Jill asked. 
“I don’t know,” Lamile said seeing Lisa coming out of the residence. “She was with Uncle Mike and Aggie at the convention center.”
“I think she is okay,” Lisa said hugging both her girls. Lamile was as much one of her girls as Jill was becoming. Seeing the obvious worry in her young friends face, “Mike would have told me if he knew if she was hurt or not Lam. Come on let’s take a walk I want to talk with both of you.”
“But I want to…” Jill started.
“Look girls,” Lisa cut her off; suspecting what the teenager wanted to do, “There will be enough time to watch the holo to get more information than we need to have about the bombing. We can be overly worried latter. Mike’s safe, and so is Mylea. I don’t want you obsessing about the news every time something happens. Things are going to get worse before they get much better.  So I want you both to focus on your family, and helping your friends. Obsessing about the news and events will not help you.”
The girls were quiet while Lisa walked with them to one of the many secluded gardens on the grounds. The security detail walked a few paces behind them. The grounds were designed to allow people to walk in relative peace and quiet, and seclusion.  Lisa turned into her favorite garden, known as the Queen’s Garden; it had roses from around the galaxy. There was one ancient American Beauty rose bush that had been under cultivation since the first queen planted it over four hundred years before. Lisa had already taken several pictures of the bush. It was something to take her mind off the events going on around her. She took a seat one of the stone benches and indicated that the girls should join her.
“Jill I shouldn’t have snapped at you earlier,” Lisa said, “But this thing is horrible. I have seen some photos and holo’s that you haven’t. I don’t know when your father is going to be home, or when you can go home either Lamile. The thing I need your help with is to help keep things calm and collected at home. I won’t tell you to be happy and don’t worry. That would be a dumb thing for me to say, but I want the commotion to be kept to a dull minimum. Michael and Mylea will be dealing with an atrocious thing. The images will be raw, and they were almost killed today. I don’t know the entire story; but if the first bomb had gone off they would be dead. All of them!  I had a brief conversation with the Queen and she told me the bare bones of it.”
“Damn,” Jill muttered. That got her a dirty look from Lisa. Then Jill asked suddenly, “Mom, are you okay?” 
“I don’t know,” Lisa answered, “I nearly lost the most important person in my life today. I don’t know what would have happened had he been killed.”
Lisa began to cry. Jill hugged her step mother until she stopped. 
“Michael is never to know about this.” Lisa said. Both girls solemnly nodded in agreement. “When we get back to the house, I want you to help me to make things good for them when they get in. I want our home to be an oasis of peace and tranquility. No matter how crazy things are getting I want our home to be sane. For that I will need your help Jill; yours too Lamile. It is important that your mother have a place she can decompress whether it’s at our place, or at yours. Michael and Mylea are critical to the evacuation. Without them this is not going to happen.”
“We’ll do our best Aunt Lisa.” Lamile said. Lamile lapsed into silence as she wondered how her mother was dealing with things. When her father was alive she had an outlet to vent. But her father had been dead for almost a crimen or three earth years now, and the special bond between them was gone. She didn’t know enough about the aqaut, to know if some of her father still resided with her mother or not.  Finally she said, “Mom will be okay.”
“Lamile,” Lisa said softly, “Your mother and I spend a lot of time talking. She’ll be okay. Now we have to get back to the house.”
They walked in silence back to the house, the security team giving them their space. Georgia, who was Lady Wilson’s principle agent, was deep in thought as she followed her charge back to the residence. Mulling over what the older woman had said.  Although Georgia was unmarried she understood why her charge wanted her home to be a haven against the craziness of what was happening. The Marshal needed a place where he could be husband, father and friend and be off duty for a while. She made a vow that she would help her lady achieve her goal. 
When they got back to the house they trooped into the study where Abby was watching a kids program about a dragon and a little boy named Jackie with Sally. Abby climbed into her mother’s lap. Lisa held the small child as Jill and Lamile wandered off to Jill’s room.
“Will Aunt Lisa be okay?” Lamile asked.
“You know her better than I do!” Jill snapped. She saw Lamile flinch and said, “Sorry. But I don’t know. She’s been a rock through all this.”
“Yes,” Lamile said flopping down on her friend’s bed. “I have never seen a biowoman with that much back bone!”
“Lisa is a very unique lady,” Jill said. She walked over to the holo in the corner of her room and turned it on.  They watched the continuing coverage of the bombing.  One of the images was of two officers walking a long line of what looked like black bags that were about the size of a body. They were in deep conversation. The voice over said “These 75 men and woman are known to have died at the center. Their identities are being held until their families are apprised of their death. 
“The authorities have one person in custody. Witnesses say that the young woman the police have in custody had a bomb strapped to her body. Questions have arisen as to how she got through the explosives detectors at the convention center. Especially when there were two bombs the one that exploded and the one the authorities found. Lord Ramsey is demanding that the Marshal account for the lapse in security.” The holo dissolved to that of Lord Ramsey a middle aged man with a receding hair line. “I don’t know what the Marshal is all about maybe a suicide wish! How can he deal with our safety when he can’t even protect himself and the Queen? I will launch a full investigation into this.” The holo dissolved again to several landing craft waiting to land and a long line of military ambulances coming into Interstellar Rescue Service Hospital that had been brought down to assist in the Evacuation.
“This was the scene earlier today when the casualties from the bombing were brought to the 1052nd IRS Evacuation Hospital. Local Hospitals were quickly over whelmed with casualties. Some one hundred and seventy five people were treated by the medical community. The Evac hospital treated some one hundred of the injured from the convention center. Some of the most critically injured people from the blast were taken to the hospital. Some were evaced straight to the Hospital Patrol Ship Valiant. Admiral Klond of the Interstellar Rescue Service spoke to us briefly before she went into the carnage at the center.” The holo dissolved again to that of Admiral Klond, a small in stature older woman nearly 80 years old. “Admiral Klond what will the IRS be doing here?”
“As part of our protocol when we have been invited in to assist the local EMS and Medical Community during an emergency we provide a Disaster Medical Response Team. The EMTs and Doctors with me will provide triage, and initial treatment.”
“Are you here to replace the Trenaport Fire and Medical Emergency Service?” Another asked.
“I doubt if Ensign Meriwether will let me replace her medics and fire fighters.” Michelle Klond said.
“Ensign Meriwether?” Another asked.
“You know her as Chief Janet Able.” Michelle said, “She was a fire fighter with the Iris, ten fifteen years ago. She was on her nugget assignment. Now if you don’t mind, there are a lot of people who need my help now that the ordinance people are done.”
The holo dissolved again to show Mylea and another woman who was dressed in a fire fighter’s turn out gear. She was holding Mylea’s arm.
“She’s okay Jill!” Lamile said. She had been worried about her mother; but didn’t know what to do about it. If she had tried to call her mother and not have gotten her, Lamile would have been a basket case. If she got her, her mother might have ripped into her. Mylea had always told her that no news was good news, and that simply because they heard that some police officer was hurt did not mean that her mother or her father was harmed. “She’s standing with Chief Able. Oh look the chief is splinting her arm.”
“It’s only a break Lamile,” Lisa had come into the room to tell Lamile about the phone call she had just gotten, “Your mom couldn’t get a hold of you so she called me.  She says there’s not much pain.  She says she’s so far down on the transport list that it might be sunset before they move her. It’s a very minor injury.”
“Can I talk to her?” Lamile asked.
“She gave me a message for you,” Lisa said and then spoke to the AI that ran the residence’s systems. “Page, please playback the last part of my conversation with Mylea.”
“Tell Lamile, that I am okay, and that I will be at your place for dinner.” Mylea said, “Tell her that I love her.”
“I’ll see you for dinner.” Lisa said, “And bring my wayward husband with you.”
“Will do,” Mylea said and cut the connection.
“Mom, why would anyone do this?” Jill asked pointing to the holo image of the bomb going off.
“Jill, it is terrorism!” Lisa spat. “Someone wanted to prevent those people from going off world to a better place, a place safe from the disaster that is going to befall our planet.”
“Aunt Lisa this sounds like the Theocracy! They have been causing grief here for nearly a century!” Lamile commented.
“It does,” Lisa said, “If it is then, your mother has got her hands full. Those people will think they are helping their god in punishing us.”
“Mom,” Jill said, “Princess Carol’s here. Didn’t she and Dad serve in the Black Guard before my mother died?”
“Yes,” Lisa said hesitantly. She wasn’t sure how much Jill knew of the Black Guard, “Why?”
“I am just thinking out loud that maybe the Princess and some of the guardsmen she has in orbit and on the ground could find these people.” Jill said.
“They could,” Lisa said, “but first they need to know if they are working alone or not. It’s not as simple as it sounds.”
“This is going to get very ugly isn’t it, Aunt Lisa.” Lamile replied, “I mean if this is the first strike of people trying to prevent us from leaving, then the government is going to have to do things that may be hard on all of us.”
Lisa looked at her friend, realizing not for the first time that Lamile was not the typical teenager. She had amazed Lisa more than once with how she understood a situation and some of the consequences. “Yes this is going to put a new light on the whole thing. Michael and I talked about some of this. He is very concerned about who and what may try to stop us.”
“75 people,” Jill commented, “Hundreds more hurt. Not to mention the impact on all the people responding to this, or who survived.”
“My friends in the mental health service will be busy for the next little while,” Lisa remarked. “Let go into the study I’ll have Maggie bring us some lunch.”
All through the afternoon they three of them watched the coverage of the bombing. Occasionally Maggie would sit with them. She was plainly upset. She had never seen anything like the bombing. Trena was normally peaceful. The few malcontents were normally not violent. The ones that were, were dealt with only the amount of violence needed to contain the situation. This was the worse man-made disaster anyone had seen for a long time. 
Lisa had gotten up to stretch and just happened to glance at the bay window in the study and noticed that the sun was setting. Abby wandered in and said, “Mommy I’m hungry!”
“Okay baby!” Lisa said, wondering why Sally hadn’t mentioned something to her, or had fed the child herself. Lisa looked at the time and said, “It can’t be that late!”
“It is mistress,” Maggie said, she had decided to wait until her mistress said to start dinner. She wasn’t going to disturb the family for anything.  Missing a meal wouldn’t hurt anyone.
“Get dinner started,” Lisa said, “Jill can you help her? Do you want help Maggie?”
“We were going to have stew.” Maggie said, “Instead I am serving cold cuts and finger food.”
“Nothing that looks like a body part,” Lisa replied then thinking of all the tragedy that had happen and the visit she had made to see doctor Klond. She knew what she had to do; but first things first.
“Maggie would you have Francine join me for a moment,” Lisa asked.
“Sure Lady Wilson,” Maggie had thought it odd that Lisa’s personal secretary had not been around much of the day. The nearly sixty year old delta biowoman had been part of the household for several weeks.
A few minutes later the elegant and stately looking woman that had been part of the palace staff for nearly forty years came into the study.
“Francine,” Lisa handed her a sealed envelope, “Would you take this over to the Complex and give this to my husband.”
“Yes ma’am,” The biowoman said leaving quietly.  Lisa knew she couldn’t just go over to the complex and the EOC where her husband and his team were working and ask him to come home. There was nothing wrong with giving a note for Francine to deliver for her.  The note, a simple message, “Michael, I know you and your friends are trying to save the world, but you have to eat sometime. Dinner will be ready when you are ready. Try not to be too late.”  
She could have called; but she didn’t want to seem the nagging wife. With Francine safely on her way she went into the kitchen, and waited until Jill left for a moment before she spoke to Maggie, “Maggie, you know I was at the Evac hospital today?”
“Yes ma’am for a checkup or something,” Maggie said wondering what her lady was getting at.
“I wanted Doctor Klond to confirm something,” Lisa said, “I am pregnant with Michael’s children.”
“Children,” Maggie said the first smile to cross her face since the horrible events at the convention center were brought to her attention. Even though she was confused about how a biowoman could be pregnant. By imperial edict several centuries before all bioengineered humans were sterile. 
“Yes I am carrying twins.” Lisa said, “I haven’t told Michael yet. I am going to tell him tonight.”
“I see,” Maggie said, “Why?”
“After so much news of death, I think it’s appropriate to announce the beginning of new life.” Lisa replied. “What do we have in the wine cellar?”
“I have just the thing,” Maggie said.  Jill and Lamile had come in on the end of their conversation. 
“Mom,” Jill asked, “Did I just hear that right?”
“Yes,” Lisa said, “Though your father is not to know I am carrying his twins. I want to tell him in private about the twins.”
“Sure thing,” Jill hugged her stepped mother. “But how are you pregnant? I thought you were sterile?”
“I am obviously not,” her mother replied, “It’s one of the reasons Ebio wants me back.”
“Oh,” Jill puzzled, wondering what other secrets her step mother had. 
“Girls, come with me,” Maggie commanded breaking into Jill’s thoughts. She led the two girls through a door in the back of the kitchen down a set of stairs to a small cramped pantry and wine cellar. “I was going to save this until our last night here.  It was bottled the day before the Queen made her announcement. I purchased several cases of it.” Maggie brought out four bottles off the rack. She handed two bottles to Jill and two to Lamile then carrying two of the dusty bottles herself they climbed back up to the kitchen. There she dusted off the bottles and opened them and set them on the side board in the dining room. The vintage was not lost on Lisa when she looked at what her maid had chosen. 
Eventually, the five of them the Queen, General Alphine, Mylea, Lord Mercer and Michael arrived at the Wilson residence an hour later, and found Lisa waiting  for them in the dining room. 
“Daddy,” Abby ran to her father. Michael scooped his daughter up into his arms.
“What are you doing still up?” Mike asked his youngest.
“Mommy said it was okay,” Abby answered as Jill nodded.
“I’ll be back in a minute,” Mike wondering what was going on Mike put his daughter down and walked down to their room to get out of his uniform
“Mom; are you okay?” Lamile asked seeing her mother with a cast on her arm. 
“Yes it’s a simple break.” Mylea said patting the sling that held her arm. “It’s been set and the fast heal drugs are taking care of business. I’ll be okay in a day or so.”
“Myl do you want me to do PT with me?” Lisa asked. She was a registered physical therapist and worked all over Trena, or had before the disaster.
“We’ll see.” Mylea replied, “I have an appointment with Doc Klond tomorrow and I’ll see what she says.”
“Well let’s get seated.” Lisa suggested gesturing to the seats around the formal dining room table.
When Michael came back to the dining room Lisa had seated everyone. As he entered Lisa nodded to Maggie who went to the side board where several wine glasses had been filled with the wine she had chosen. Maggie placed a glass before each place and quietly withdrew to a space behind Lisa. Ready to assist her mistress in anything she needed. Wilson looked at the wine glasses cocked an eye at Lisa and wondered what was going on.  It had been a hideous day, and he wasn’t up to any of craziness. Lisa didn’t let him wonder long.
“Normally I wouldn’t be this dramatic for such a simple thing as announcing my pregnancy.” Lisa said softly, “but with today’s horrible events I think a little drama is appropriate. Normally a wife should tell her mate she is carrying his child in private so he can share his feelings with her without an audience to witness his reactions,” She locked eyes with Mike and nodded, “Sorry Michael. However as all of you are part of my family it is appropriate that I share this wonderful news of a new life with you. More so on this day that has taken and harmed so many souls. 
“I offer this toast,” Lisa raised her glass, “to life, both new and old and to a future that brings peace to all of them.”
Wilson walked around the table and took his lady in his arms and kissed her passionately. Every woman at the table seeing the expression on Lisa face wondered how they could be next. After a few seconds, Maggie cleared her throat, “Lady Wilson may I serve dinner.”
“Yes,” Lisa said quickly, afraid to say anything more.
“Dad,” Jill said, “Mom. I hope I am as blessed as you are when I marry.”
Jill got up from her seat next to Lisa, and went to where her father normally sat. Her father seeing the silly grin on his daughters face said, “I hope you are truly that blessed.” 
In the few weeks she had been on Trena, she had not seen her father much. He made a point of sharing at least one meal with the family a day. Sometimes it was breakfast, sometimes it was diner. He rarely missed a single day without connecting with his family.  Although she missed her grandmother, she had found Lisa okay to be around. She had thought Lisa would be a green eyed monster or worse. But she hadn’t. Lisa had given Jill her space; but had let her know what was expected of her, and was there when Jill needed someone to talk to. They had started to bond.  She was wishing that she had met Lisa years before.  She locked eyes with Lisa and slowly nodded. There wasn’t a doubt in either’s mind where she stood with the other.
“Well enough of this sentimental slop!” Lord Mercer said seeing it was time to move on, “It’s time to fuel the furnaces.”
“Lisa,” Afterwards when dinner was over and the others had left, the Queen lingered long enough to speak to Lisa alone, “If you need anything you let me know.”
Although the memory of what she had seen Lisa do was always in the back of her mind, she couldn’t relate it with the soft gentle woman she come to know.
”I will your highness.” Lisa said.
“Lisa,” The young monarch looked into the older woman’s eyes with a stern expression, “if you don’t start calling me Aggie I am going to send you to the dungeon. “
”Okay Aggie,” Lisa said, it was hard for Lisa to break her lifelong habit of knowing her station. Most of her life she had been a servant to people of Aggie's class. It was foreign to her nature to call even this young woman who was becoming more like a daughter rather than her husband’s employer by her given name. Even when she consider with Michael’s nobility she was closer to the Queen’s peer than a servant. Sensing Aggie needed something, but not what, Lisa spoke softly, “come on lets walk you back to your place.”
With that the two women walked from the Queen Mum’s residence to the Queen’s. 
Chapter 11: Bad News Doesn’t Always Come In Threes
“Sir Mike,” Michael was working at home the Sunday morning after convention center bombing when Maggie knocked on the door to the study. He was watching the Sunday morning talk shows as he read reports from his various staff officers and commands.
“Yes Maggie,” Michael said looking up from the reports.
“The captain from the Roustabout is here.” Maggie returned. “The staff brought him straight here.”
Wilson nodded. The Queen and Lisa had decided to pack up both girls to spend Sunday at the Queen’s summer estate. Thinking it would be a nice get away for the kids, and the two of them. Lisa had suggested that they pick up Lamile, so as to give Mylea some quiet time also. Wilson had at first been insulted that the invitation didn’t extend to him, but his bride put it to him, “Michael, this is a gift from me and the girls to you. You need some quiet time. Give you some time to yourself.”
He had finally relented by saying next Sunday was his. He was surprised how much work he had gotten done and how it helped to get his mind together by just being a bachelor for a couple of hours. 
“Show him in Maggie and would you bring me and the good captain a pot of coffee?” Wilson asked. Maggie nodded and left to show the captain in.
“Good Morning Marshal,” The captain said as he came into the study, “I’m sorry to disturb your Sunday; but I wanted to make sure you got this before it’s leaked. I have my crew on restriction. No off ship communications and no leave until I deliver this report.”
“Well let’s see what you have,” the Marshal asked as Maggie set a coffee service on the edge of the desk and poured the coffee for the two men and retired.
“Marshal I have a presentation for you, but when it is all said, and boiled down to the essentials; Cherokee as we are calling the world, is unsuitable for our colonization.  It’s a beautiful world, temperate, and quite livable, but already inhabited by a six century pre empire civilization. We hunted for evidence of a crashed star ship thinking that a colony or passenger ship crashed on the world but there was no evidence.  Even if we had, they are so backward that it wouldn’t be a good idea to make contact. We put beacons out hoping that future visitors won’t land. I flagged the Star Exploratory Forces and the council about the world and they’ll send patrols in every once in a while and try to keep the wolves out.”
“Anything else captain,” Wilson asked. 
“No sir,” the captain answered, “I’m sorry Sir Mike. I was truly hoping this would work.”
“Well it’s always a crap shot when we go look at a colonizable world. Publish your results.” Wilson said.
“Aye Sir,” the captain fired off a salute and left.
###
The next morning during the Monday Staff Conference further bad news was given out.
“Sir Mike,” General Langtree stated, “I’ve now got enough space lift to start lifting people out. However without star lift we don’t have anything to lift them to. Mike we don’t have enough heavy star lift to go anywhere.”
“That and the fact that we don’t have a place to take them,” Wilson remarked. 
“As of right now we have six months to get everyone off world.” The Queen said, “We don’t have a place to take my people. Our people are dependent on you and you guys carrying the ball.  By the end of the week I want to know where you are going to take every one.”
The Queen got up from the table and stormed out of the room.
“Well folks,” Wilson replied. “I can’t say I disagree with her. We need to come up with answers, and we’re getting short on time.  We need to locate star lift, and a place to take our people.”
“Sarge,” Lady Gray, who had been sitting in on the meeting spoke up. “You know the empire has moth balled several older attack carriers, they are in the Patton class. They are designed to deliver an entire army into battle with all their equipment, 40,000 combatants and enough materials for six months of war.  I think that the IRS and the Imperial Navy have maybe a hundred or so heavy lift ships just going to pot.”
“And Marshal,” the Thonian ambassador who was now part of these meetings also, “I think my people also may have some vessels that we could donate.”
“Okay that gets the heavy star lift done,” Wilson turned to princess and the ambassadors and asked. “Princess, Ambassador, will you see that we get those ships for me.”
“Yes sir,” the princess replied. The Thonian nodded.
“Now what about a place to go,” Wilson said. “There’s got to be a place we can go.”
“Sir Mike,” Kellogg said, “I almost hate to say this.”
“Go ahead Kell,” Wilson replied, he found it ironic that one of the most notorious near criminals on the planet was setting in on this meeting. 
“The company has several worlds. Many of them are unpopulated, and are used as training ground for the various closer teams and security personnel.  We could buy one of those worlds and set up shop on them. There’s a world not too far from here twenty light years. It’s an Ag world the company uses it to provide food for a couple of breeding worlds. It was abandoned a couple of years ago as the company started to consolidate operations.  It would be perfect.”
“The bios will go ape shit.” Wilson said.
“No sir, not really,” Kellogg said, “There is a difference between being shipped in as a slave, and another as a free person to settle a world.”
“He’s right sir Mike,” Lord Mercer said. “The clones I know would kill for a chance to thumb their nose at the company.”
“General Qoum.” Wilson turned to the militia commander, “You get Roustabout’s captain and Kellogg together. I want that expedition mounted in forty eight hours. Jonesy I want a full pioneer kit to go with them.”
“Sir Mike,” Lady Hawthorne said from the holodisplay she was attending the meeting from home. “I’ll have a list of people who have pioneer skills and have said they’d like to pioneer ready by this evening. Jonesy, if you can have the containers delivered to these souls ASAP we can pull this off.”
“Lady Hawthorne the Roustabout can’t carry many containers,” General Langtree spoke up. “They’ll be lucky to be able to carry the people and their immediate supplies let alone their belongings.”
Delores frowned, “how do we get their stuff to them?”
“The first ship after the Roustabout we’ll make sure their stuff is on it.” Jonesy injected. “That’s the best we can do now.’
“What about those who don’t want to pioneer,” someone asked.
“We’ll need to start getting those people off world too.” The labor minister said. “I had wanted to make sure every one of these people had employment when they left Trena.  But that’s not going to be possible.  The recruiters won’t come here because of the bombing.  I can’t say that I blame them. But we can start sorting people out who want to emigrate.”
“Kellogg you said this world was somewhat civilized?” Wilson asked.
“Yes sir.” Kellogg replied, “It’s been abandoned for twenty years. But it has buildings to support almost three or four million people. But there’s plenty of lumber, a quarry, saw mill, just moth balled and ready to go.”
“Lady Hawthorne,” Wilson called to the holodisplay. “Start putting together some construction battalions. When they go I want them to be self-contained, logistics people, medics, carpenters, electricians you name it. I want them a self-contained team. I want them selected by weeks end and ready to embark in three weeks. Princess I’ll want the first of the heavy lift equipment here by then.”
“Aye-Aye sir,” The princess replied thinking it might be a close thing to meet his demand. 
“Anything else,” Wilson asked. There was a chorus of no sirs and head shakes. “Good enough, I’ll defer the emigration decision for three weeks.”
“Foreign minister,” Wilson then thinking better turned to Lord Kenworth, “I want a letter prepared for the Queen’s signature asking that all star nations that we have diplomatic relations with to consider allowing our people to emigrate to their worlds. I also want a list of colonies that are phase two and three where they are ready for people with manufacturing experience and are past the pioneer stage on their worlds. Mrs. Ambassador, Mr.  Ambassador,” He turned to the two ambassadors, “I would also appreciate what ever wheels you can grease to help our people. Your highness,” he turned to his friend, “anything you and your father can do I would appreciate.  Now I need to speak with the Queen.”
Wilson got up and left. As he did he turned to Mac and asked, “Where is she?”
“The Queen is waiting in your office sir.” Mac said leading the way.
Wilson entered his conference room office and found the Queen sitting in his quest chair. She turned to him expecting him to lash out. But Wilson was much too professional to indulge in that type of theatrics.
“You mad at me?” The young woman asked sheepishly.
“No Aggie,” Wilson replied shocking her. “That outburst actually helped. It refocused us.  Ebio has an abandoned a world twenty or so lights from here. Qoum and Langtree will be sending out the Roustabout again and will be doing a survey. You helped re focus us.”
“Michael,” The Queen exclaimed when she heard this, “That’s not one of your better ideas.”
“I know Aggie,” Wilson replied slumping into his chair, “but it’s worth a shot.  If it’s abandoned, which Kellogg says it could be, it’s worth a shot. Something is nagging at me.  Something about its ownership. If it’s occupied we’ll need to back track. I just wish what is nagging me at the back of my mind would get clearer.  Oh well it will come to me.”
He was silent for a few minutes as he pondered what was bothering him then shaking himself as if to clear his head he turned to his Queen.
“Aggie,” Wilson said, “I’m sorry that we’ve let you down.”
“Sir Mike,” Aggie looked to the older man, “I’ve been in each and every one of your staff meetings, and I have listened to your plans and have endorsed the actions you have taken.  I’ll let you know when you have let me down.  To date you’ve done your very best.  Continue to do so.”
“Thank you ma’am,” Michael replied. 
“Keep at it Michael,” the young queen got up and left. It wasn’t lost on him again, that the Queen was not that much older than Jill.
Chapter 12: A Unique Discovery and Solution.
It was later in the day when it dawned on him what was bothering him about the world Kellogg had told them about. His daughter may actually own that world. He did a little digging and later made a couple of calls.
“Princess,” Wilson was talking to his old friend on the communicator, “Could you, and Lady Gray, meet with me later today.”
“Yeah,” General Alphine said, “would 1300 be okay?”
“If it works for Lady Gray,” Wilson said, “Oh before you ask, I need you as Jill’s proxy. I want to talk about Ebio Planet Zulu Foxtrot 89. I have been talking with Larry and the thing that has been bothering me is that I think we can buy Ebio Planet Zulu Foxtrot 89 from Jill.”
“Oh I see.” The princess replied.
Several hours later, Larry Mercer, Lady Gray, and the Thonian Ambassador, were shown into Wilson’s office.  Wilson had been talking quietly with the Galactic Council Representative as they came in.
“It’s your show,” The princess said. 
“Okay Princess,” Mike started, “here’s the deal.  Me and Larry have been looking over some interstellar law.  We believe that since Jill is the biggest shareholder of Ebio, she could sell Ebio Planet Zulu Foxtrot 89 to us or just give it to us.  But I am concerned that should the clones file suit against Ebio that we could lose the world.”
“Well it is not in Earth Space, nor is it in Thonian Space,” The Princess said, “So it would be hard to file suite in either of the Thonian or Earth Courts.”
“That is correct,” the Representative from the Galactic Council commented. “The interstellar court would most likely not take the case as a human rights violation. The worlds are not part of the council. From what I know you and your daughter have not had day to day operational control over the company it would be hard to sue you personally. I don’t know where they would be able to file.”
“According to Jill’s trust, everything you owned is now in her name.” The Princess stated, “So you couldn’t be sued anyway.”
The Galactic Councilor said, “I had also heard that you turned over most of your stocks and property to your daughter when you left the Empire, and set it up so the Princess and your stepmother vote her shares.”
“That basically correct,” Wilson said as the others wondered where the conversation was going.
“What I want to do is transfer Ebio Planet Zulu Foxtrot 89 to the Kingdom of Trena.  How do we do it?” Wilson asked.
“You don’t,” the Galactic Councilor responded. “There is no precedence for this in galactic law, or any law that I know of. Your daughter is the owner of several Ebio Worlds. In some respects that makes her an empress in her own right. I am not sure what your status in the Empire is right now.  While the company is divesting itself of some things, most of the worlds they own are not in the empire. Sovereign ruler may not be the right terminology. If the world was first colonized by Ebio and there was no native population, then you own it. It will depend on how the world is titled. If it is titled in Ebio’s name then you may not be able to do anything with it. If it is abandoned though, it might be claimed as salvage.”
“What if Jill owns this world?” the Queen asked. 
“I would ask that she sell it to the kingdom,” Marshal Wilson responded.
“The galactic council would not stand in your way of that,” The councilor concluded. What he didn’t say was that the council had little or no jurisdiction over the Ebio worlds. If they had, some of the Ebio’s fangs would have been pulled years ago.
“Larry?” Wilson asked.
“He’s solid on the international law,” Larry replied, “though I am not an expert.”
“Neither am I,” The princess replied. “If this world is titled in Jill’s name then she can do what she wants with it. If it is titled in Ebio’s that’s going to cause some problems! She is not one of the company managers nor am I, or the admiral. We sit on the board of directors and there is some stuff we can do; but I don’t think we can transfer a planet to Jill that the company owns.”
“Is there some way to find out about the ownership,” the Queen asked.
“Yes,” the princess said, she brought up a computer and spent a few minutes working on the computer then turned to the group, “Well it took some doing; but I finally got a list of property owned by Jill. I knew it would be in her financial reports. But she does own Zulu Foxtrot 89. It is one of about thirty or forty planets, both inside and outside of the empire.”
“So where do we go from here?” Michael asked.
“Your lordship,” the Thonian said softly, “you have your daughter write a contact. The contract will be with the Crown here on Trena. This contract is to first check on the planet and to see what condition is it is. If the planet is uninhabited, the contract will stipulate that Jill representatives can make the planet ready for re occupation. Then write a separate contract or a codicil to the original with the Kingdom of Trena to provide people to settle it. By not calling it a colony and leaving it in your daughter’s name we get around the sticky business of the Queen’s charter and Trena’s constitution.”
“That will work.” Wilson said. “What will the galactic council say?”
“I think that will work,” the council representative replied, “the council was struggling with the Queen and her people colonizing another world. This will work.”
“Okay so we’ll need to talk to Jill.”  Mike said.
“Mike we’ll work it out.” Larry said. “Let’s not worry too much about it now. Let’s get the world explored and see if it’s suitable.”
What Larry was thinking though was that as people left Trena; the nobles and politicians were going to want to retain the power they now held. That they would fill the power vacuum with their own idea of what a government should be and it wouldn’t necessarily be a good thing they developed. There were many in the Trena parliament who wanted to be king rat. They would be dictators if given the chance. By leaving Jill in control of the world they might be able to keep some of the political fun and games to a minimum.
“Sir Mike, the Thonian Realm, will without, saying support your decision and help to establish the people of Trena on Ebio Planet Zulu Foxtrot 89.” The Thonian ambassador stated.
“As will the people of Earth,” The princess added her support.
“Larry, get the contract written.” Wilson said, “Somehow I have to break this to Jill. This is going to be interesting.”
###
“Jill,” her father came into the study where she was working through some homework from school some time later. “We need to talk.”
“About what,” the teenager asked.
“Well something’s come up that you have to be part of and you need to be fully informed on.” He then went on to explain what they had found out about Ebio planet.
“I want you talk with the princess.  She is your legal representative on Trena right now.  She will explain it to you.” He finished telling Jill about the planet she owned.
“But you are my father,” Jill replied. 
“I know and where most things are concerned I can speak for you, and to you, and we’ll make things work.” Mike said, “But this is too important and since I don’t control your financial assets you need to talk with Princess Carol. Your grandmother and the Princess are your financial guardians.  The princess has been letting you know what’s going on in your portfolio for the last couple of weeks now if I remember what she said.”
His daughter nodded. 
“So I want you to see her and let her explain it all to you.” Wilson said. “Jill I want you to know that any decision you make will be okay.”
Jill was silent as she contemplated what her father said. The next day she asked Jenny, her principle protective agent, to take her over to General Alpine’s, Fletcher Militia Base office. The general had been expecting her.  When she entered the general’s office; she was in conversation with one of her officers.
“All right,” the future Empress of the Terran Empire was saying, “we have nothing else for the bag. Just get that courier on her way.”
“Yes ma’am,” the officer replied, “By your leave?”
The future heir of the Earth Empire nodded seeing her ward in the outer office “come on in Jill.”
“Dad said we should talk.” The younger Wilson said.
“About the Ebio planet,” The princess asked.  Jill nodded.
“It’s simple.” Princes Carroll continued, “Ebio owns a world or rather you do, twenty light years away.  The Trenan people want permission to explore it and inhabit it.  They can’t do that without your permission.”
“Why mine and not Ebio’s CEO,” Jill asked.
“That’s a good question,” the princess replied, “It is a world that is owned by you; but was up to a while ago managed by Ebio.  Years ago when this world was first discovered and colonized by the company it was put in your grandmother Hazelton’s name. She most likely didn’t even know that she owned it.  But what this does for us is; as your father was heir to your grandmother’s estate and he turned it all over to you; puts you as the owner with a clear title and not that of the company.”
“Why me and not dad,” Jill asked. She still was a little confused.
“When your father left imperial space he turned all his holdings over to you.  He couldn’t just abandon them so he had to transfer them to you so a direct descendant of the Hazelton Fortune would have control of them.  That’s what’s in your great grandfather’s will.”
“Now I remember we talked about this when I got here last month.” Jill commented remembering the session. It surprised her then how much she owned.  It still didn’t make much sense.  It was something she was going to have to get straight over time. “So I own everything Grandmother Hazleton owned and left dad, who in turn gave it all to me.”
“That’s right,” the princess said, “That’s why I need to talk with you this morning.”
“Dad mentioned something about a contract.” Jill asked.
“What everyone thinks, is that you need to authorize an expedition to check on the planet. To see what type of shape it is in.” The princess answered. “If it is inhabited you may need to deal with the squatters. Kellogg thinks it has been abandoned by Ebio so there may not be anyone left behind.”
“If we find it abandoned?” Jill asked.
“Then phase two of the contract is to allow people to start inhabiting it.” The princess replied.
“In other words a colonial contract.” Jill asked. That got the generals attention. The scope of the question was one she hadn’t expected out of a teenager. 
“Yes,” the woman replied. “Though colonization is not the phrase I would use as the world won’t be a colony of anyone. I would say a habitation contract.”
“Why can’t you just authorize this,” Jill asked. “Wouldn’t it be within you job duties as my guardian to check on all my holdings?”
“Yes it is my job to check on all your holdings or to see that it is done.” The princess answered, “After receiving the brief’s I’ve gotten from Lady Gray and the Galactic Council Rep.  It seems my guardianship of your finances is good on Thonia, Trena, Earth, but because the planet is in galactic space and so expensive, all parties believe that since you are almost eighteen, feel that you need to be fully involved in the contract. They don’t want any problems. They are afraid that Ebio might throw a fit and since it is just out there as an independent world they feel you as its owner need to have some say in the world’s future.”
“Isn’t it covered by the Council?” Jill asked.
“No unless a world petitions to be a member, the council has no jurisdiction,” the princess answered.
“I see,” Jill commented, and asked, “So what do I need to do?”
“There is a contract to go over,” the princess said. “Once you understand it we’ll get it signed.”
They spent the rest of the afternoon on the contract.  The princess was surprised by how much her young ward picked up, and more surprised when she took out a whole section concerning the government of the planet. 
“I think that’s putting the horse before the cart general,” Jill said, “There will be no need for a government on this world unless it’s habitable, and then only if it’s uninhabited.  Let’s let the Wilson family retain control of the world.  If the world is suitable for habitation we’ll deal with ruling it then. At the present time it is sufficient to authorize a mission to the world and see what is going on with it. If it is uninhabited I’ll authorize people to begin settling it. Until that happens there will be no need for a government. Besides I can send my agents with them to supervise as needed. I can hire agents who are government officials of the crown here, and have them supervise the people who end up there.”
“Okay Jill.” The princess replied a little astounded that Jill made that change.  But it was a change she thought would work.
“Let’s go see the Queen,” the princess said.  She called the palace and found out that the Queen was in her office and would wait for them. The princess forwarded the revised contract to the Queen, Marshal Wilson and Lord Mercer. By the time they got to the Queen’s office, everyone had read it. No one changed another word of it.
“Jill,” the Queen replied. “The people of Trena thank you. I have signed the contract.”
“Princess Carroll,” Jill said, “Can I sign it? Or do you have to?” 
“We both sign it,” the princess said, she signed and then thumb printed the contract and gave it to Jill. Jill did the same. Their thumb prints sealed the deal by leaving their DNA on the document.   The DNA while not 100% full proof was nearly, as it took a very special bioengineering lab to make a near perfect clone of an existing person. Only Ebio owned that process. Just creating the person on a world other than the world of the person’s birth could be traced, due to the differences in gravity and back ground radiation that caused some minor mutations that were easily checked.  Jill’s DNA was on file in the empire and as part of her pass port. It would be hard to say the signature wasn’t hers.
“I am releasing the Roustabout to Wilson enterprises,” the Queen said after the signatures were affixed to the contract.
“They will be on their way shortly.” Mike replied, “Jill thank you.” 
“I guess I should treat you as a peer?” Queen Agatha remarked.
“Pardon,” Jill asked, the comment taking her by surprise.
“From what Princess Carol has said, and what my own foreign department has researched you are an empress in your own right.” Aggie said.
“Yeah right,” Jill said, still in a little awe over the situation.  
“Thank you,” Aggie said, “we will never forget your gift Queen Jill.”
“I don’t want to be a queen!” Jill said. “I just want to be a girl!”
“I’ll stop needling you Jill,” Aggie replied, she understood a bit of Jill’s statement. When her parents died years before she hadn’t wanted to become queen. It had been Dad’s job to be the King. “Thank you again.”
Jill left the Queen’s residence with Princess Carol. As she walked with the future ruler of the Earth Empire to her car she asked, “Am I really that rich?”
“Yes you are,” Princess Carol answered.
“I sometimes find it difficult to believe all of this,” Jill said, “I mean I own that planet, and was able to sign it off to Queen Aggie.”
The marine corps general, who had been around Jill off and on for much of her seventeen years, paused for a minute. She knew how easy it was to be over awed with her life. As the future Empress of the Earth Empire, she had always known what it meant to be rich and powerful. Jill though still thought of herself as a daughter of a Marine Corps enlisted man. She didn’t realize that her father was the most powerful person on Trena next to the Queen and that she herself could buy the planet Trena three or four times over with just her pocket change.
“You’ll get used to it.” Carroll said, “Just remember, you can buy almost anything you want, but that is not your wealth. You were wealthy before you even knew of your fortune. Your wealth is based in family. Your dad, stepmother, sister and soon to be brother or sister, your friends are what makes you wealthy. Money just makes you rich, family and friends make you wealthy.”
Jill shut the door to the general’s car and walked back to the residence.  She was deep in thought and didn’t see her step mother quietly observing her as she came up the walk. Lisa was concerned for her step daughter. She was being hit with a lot of stuff all at once.  Lisa didn’t know how to deal with all of it herself. Partly because she didn’t understand it all that well. She knew that her husband was rich, but it wasn’t real to her. They had always lived on his police department salary. Even now he tried to live within the salary given to him by the Queen.  
“Kind of overwhelming isn’t,” Lisa asked as her step daughter started to step onto the porch.
“Very,” Jill said, sitting down on the porch stoop. Lisa sat down next to her and hugged her.
“I know it’s going to be difficult,” Lisa said. “I wish I had to words to help you.”
Jill looked at her step mother and said softly, “Just be here for me. Just be here for me. I don’t understand all of this. It over whelms me to think of the money that I have. It is so much that it has no meaning for me. I just signed off on a contact that allows Aggie to explore a planet I owned. Three months ago I was living in my grandmother’s home, a military brat, now I don’t know…”
Lisa said nothing for a while then said, “Jill. Life is throwing some strangeness at you right now. It can’t be helped. Deal with the parts you understand, the parts you can actually do something about. The other parts when it is time for you to deal with them you’ll be able to.”
“Is that how you deal with most things?” Jill asked.
“Try to,” Lisa said, “I focus on what I can get done, and deal with what I can’t. I was on the run for nearly fifteen years and throughout it all I had to focus on the today; worry a bit about tomorrow and try not to dwell too much on yesterday. Not much we can do about the past. Except maybe learn from it.”
They lapsed into silence for a bit, both lost in their thoughts. Jill wondering where she was headed and Lisa was wondering how to help her step daughter remain a girl.
Chapter 13: Roustabouts 2nd Voyage
The Roustabout entered the solar system where Zulu Foxtrot 89 was situated. As they broke the outer system the signal intelligence team aboard the Roustabout began a sweep of all communications frequencies and known communications channels. It was the first search that the crew had to make to see if the system was inhabited or not. While the ship was in bound the crew began mapping the system. 
As they crept in system trying to use the Elint platform’s full stealth capability they found that there were three habitable planets in the system; all within two Astronomical Units of the primary. They mapped several smaller planets that were on the fringes of the system; but were so cold that the mapping crew felt that even light from the primary would freeze solid on their surface.  There was a gas giant several AUs out from the primary. 
“Skipper,” one of the mapping crew spoke up as Captain Vaughn walked into the mission coordination center of the ship, “Good news!”
“Oh,” Captain Vaughn replied.
“No asteroids! Or rogue planetoids,” The chief replied. 
“That’ll make everyone’s day.” Vaughn commented.
“Skipper,” the mission coordinator spoke up, “I would like to launch the surveyor flights to foxtrot.”
“What about the other two planets,” the captain asked.
“We’ve identified foxtrot as this one here,” the mission coordinator responded pointing to a dot in the holographic image, “We feel that that these two worlds here are not in our contract.” He pointed to the other two worlds, “We are certain that they are uninhabited. What we want to do is to check these two worlds out after we check on Foxtrot. They are not listed in the records as being owned by Miss Jill. At least we can’t find the records on who owns these worlds.”
“Let’s assume for the moment that Wilson Enterprises owns the entire system. Let’s check out foxtrot first then we’ll worry about the other two.” Vaughn stated, “Launch your surveyors.”
“Attention,” the mission coordinator called pressing the all stations call on his work station, “All hands to flight ops stations! Launch the surveyors. Prep the landing craft for departure.”
The Surveyor craft left the Roustabout and headed towards Foxtrot. They kept their stealth systems on. They didn’t know if there were Ebio people in the system or not. If there were they didn’t want them to know that the Roustabout and her team were there. Just in case they had to pull out. They approached the planet in a wide formation separated by several thousand miles. Surveyor double oh eight took the north pole of the planet, and double ought ten took the South Pole. They would orange peel the planet; just as they had on Cherokee. This time they were hoping that they didn’t find anyone on the planet. 
It took several hours to survey the planet. The planet had four continents. They appeared to be mostly empty of any sign of human habitation.  The middle one was the biggest of the four and had evidence of past habitation scattered over it. There was a large town or small city in the center of the continent at the confluence of two rivers. The town looked more or less intact but there was no sign of any one living in it. Many of the buildings looked intact; but some looked ravaged by time and the elements. The river that the two smaller rivers formed in the middle of the town flowed north towards the north coast of the continent. Along it were several towns and villages. At the delta of the river along the north coast was a small village. It had several docks. The crew of surveyor double oh eight were shocked to see several boats had been beached while others had been put up on blocks.  To the east of the outpost was a spectacular home looking out over the eastern ocean. There was an atrium that appeared to be made of stained class. It was U shaped and in a position to watch the sun come up out of the ocean in the morning. 
“That’s the planetary mangers place,” one of the AI spoke up, “What little data we have on this world shows that this building belonged to the planetary manager. I think they called that village Out Post 1.”
“There’s no one down here,” The surveyor commander injected. “I think it’s time to land the survey parties.”
“Roustabout, Surveyor double oh eight,” the commander called, “If zero ten concurs I think we can land the survey parties while we continue mapping.”
“Zero ten concurs,” zero ten’s commander called over the com.
“Roustabout copies,” Captain Vaughn replied. On his bridge, Captain Vaughn turned to his first officer, “I thought Kellogg said something about an automated care taker down there. We’ve made enough noise and such to scare up a response from the caretaker.”
“It could be down,” the first officer suggested.
“Mr. Kellogg said that the computer system was in the main town. So the landing mission is to land in the town and make contact with the computer center.” Captain Vaughn ordered.
“Yes sir,” the officer answered and went to talk to flight operations.
The team landed at the main company complex at the confluence of two rivers. It was strange.  They made a standard landing and off loaded a couple of hover jeeps and drove through the abandoned town. 
“It looks like any abandoned town,” One of the Mounty’s commented. He was looking at the buildings. Some of them had broken windows, some had roof damage. The doors were wide open. They passed a parking lot with trucks and heavy equipment parked in neat orderly rows as if they were waiting for their drivers to come back. The town was not in bad shape over all.  It looked without a doubt that the people who had lived there had just picked up and left. It appeared the last one who left the world turned the lights off and shut the door. At length they finally found the building they were hunting. Its door was unlocked. They entered the building. Here too the building was clean. There was no paper or debris in the building, just some animal droppings and a musty smell of a building being closed to long. Only the office furniture was left and it showed that small animals had been nesting in the chairs and desks. Some, who panicky fled to the shadows when the explorers entered? The team carefully swept through the building, praying that it was abandoned. They found the building deserted like the town.
They found the computer center and the computer that ran the planet’s infrastructure. It was off and the survey team leader decided to leave it off as they didn’t want to deal with the problems that turning it on might cause. As they left the building, the Mounty criminalist with them commented, “I’ll be happy when we can interrogate that computer. It might have information about what happened here and why the company abandoned it.”
“Well we aren’t turning it on until we have a new AI to run it,” The ground leader replied, “that computer could be a Pandora’s box!”
“Ground Leader, this is Surveyor 008 priority traffic,” The mission commander on the surveyor flight called interrupting them. 
“Go with your priority,” The ground leader called back as he sat down in his jeep. He had escaped from a facility like this one, years ago. The memories were coming back. Not all of them good.  He was a little uncomfortable being on this world and in this town.
“Ground Leader, radar mapping indicates that there may be a mass grave in a meadow 2 klicks north of town.” The surveyor’s mission commander called, “We would like you to dispatch a field team to check it out.”
“On it,” the ground leader replied nodding to his driver to take him to the site.
When they got there, they found a large meadow, maybe a quarter of a mile on a side. It looked anything but a mass grave. The meadow was covered with flowers from one end to another.  The escaped bioman did not want to disturb the site at all. 
“Alex,” he nudged the driver of the jeep, “Turn your sensor pod on. I want you to drive straight through the meadow.”
They drove through the meadow with the ground mapping sensors running. Not more than five feet into the meadow they found the first outline of a body. Then they began to find pieces of bodies. The sensor technology allowed them to determine that there were ten thousand bodies buried in the meadow.  The bioman was heart sick. Here were ten thousand of his fellow biopeople who had been violently put down, and he couldn’t do anything about it. They couldn’t prove who did it, let alone if Ebio was responsible.
“Ground leader to all personnel,” The ground leader called over the all call channel, “From now on the meadow just outside of town is off limits. I want a guard on it.”
“Aye-aye skipper,” someone called.
Over the period of a few days, as they continued to explore using the town as a base a low brick wall began to be built at the meadow. It was spontaneous no one claimed to be the architect who designed it. The bricks came from a pile near a building that had been abandoned during its construction. People not on duty would wander over and spend several hours working on it. It wasn’t a very good wall nor very professional, but it would last almost forever. There were ten thousand bricks in the wall. The wall was five feet high and a thousand feet long. The low height allowed people to see the meadow but prevented them from entering the meadow itself. The bricks held the serial number, and where known, the name of all the persons who were believed to have been executed in the meadow.  Unbelievable as it was, they had found a list of the people the company had put down in what appeared to be the planet’s security office. There were several hundred on it who were marked off with the notation missing. Everyone wondered where they were.  Over the years it became a matter of honor for biopeople to make a pilgrimage to this wall when they were first on world to pay homage to the biopeople so honored by the new settlers on what would become known simply as Home.
The survey and pioneer parties found no other mass graves.  The small towns abandoned by Ebio were in near perfect order. They found the barracks where the clones had been housed ready to be inhabited. The ground leader was tempted to destroy them; but he had to remember he was the agent of Jill Wilson and he couldn’t just order the destruction of her property.  
A couple of days later Captain Vaughn came down to meet with the survey parties. They met at the small abandoned space port. It had five large landing craft pads, a small control tower and two hangars. They sat at a small table outside one of the hangers. Some stood around where the senior officers were meeting including a shy historian who was quietly observing everything and had, when she could, had interviewed many of the team members. She stood with her back against the hangar as the captain spoke with his officers.
“Well it is deserted,” the captain replied, “we’ve found nothing on the ground that indicates the planet has any population.”
“That is if you don’t count the large herds of cattle and sheep we’re finding,” someone said. 
“But there is no sign of human life on the planet,” Vaughn asked.
“Yes sir,” The ground leader spoke up, “We have found no sign of recent human habitation of the planet.”
“So you all feel that there is no reason not to let our people occupy this world?” the captain asked.
“Captain,” the historian spoke up, “I think I can speak for all of us. But there is no reason for the people of Trena not to come and live on this world and to make our new homes upon it.”
There was a series of nods as a few people voiced their agreement with the historian’s statement. 
“All of you are aware then that the other part of the contract I have with Miss Wilson is to make this planet ready for our people to occupy. I now activate that portion of our contract. Ladies and Gentlemen, please make our new home ready for our families to find refuge on.”
“So the Diaspora begins,” the historian commented as the meeting broke up.
“Diaspora,” one of the ground team members asked.
“This isn’t the first time in any of our peoples’ history that some of us left a bad situation to a better one.” Violet replied, “About the fourth century before Empire the people of an island nation known as Ireland, began leaving their small island during a famine to the old United States. They came to a small island known as Ellis, where they were processed and allowed entry into the country. But that is only one example. The thonians had their own diaspora as did we again once we discovered star travel.”
“So this is our Ellis,” the man asked.
“In a manner of speaking,” Violet replied.
As the pioneer parties began arriving from orbit a sign at the landing pad welcomed them to Home and Ellis as they stepped off the landing craft. Soon everyone was calling the Ebio planet Home. 
As the pioneer parties spread out working to see what it was going to take to make the planet ready for the arrival of a thirty million people, one of the teams walked into a warehouse near the clone barracks. They found man sized rolls of fabric. They were made of gray canvas. The bioman with them shook his head. Before he had left the company he had worn a shapeless gray smock or jump suit made of this material. He shuddered.
His wife was standing with him.  He had told her of the company and what he had suffered at their hands and that of his owners before he had escaped. She saw him shudder and wondered if this had been a good idea for the both of them to be on the exploration mission. She asked. “Are you okay?”
“Oh yeah,” the young bioman replied. He pointed to the rolls of fabric, “I was never so happy not to have to wear that shit again!” 
“Why didn’t they take this stuff with them,” Another team member asked, “This is just wasteful!”
“Not to them,” an older bioman spoke up, “When they abandoned Home they thought they could take it to their new world. Or thought they could give it to another world. Obviously they couldn’t so they left it here thinking they would come back for it or just forgot about it.”
“But the expense of it!” the man said.
“Oh it didn’t cost them much,” The older bioman exclaimed, “Eats for thirty clones, that was all. The biopeople would sleep in the barracks we found. Hell the raw materials cost them more than we did! If we got sick and it was something serious they would just put us down! No fuss, no muss they just put us to sleep like any sick or injured animal. That is what they thought of us a beast of burden.”
She looked at both her husband and the bioman who had spoken. It was now her turn to shudder. She knew that her husband’s life before escaping had been bad but she hadn’t realized how brutal it had been.
“You know,” her husband commented pointing to the rolls of fabric, “what would be poetic justice if we could turn this into something we could use for our people it isn’t much but…”
“March,” one of the bioman asked, “didn’t they sometimes make tents and such for company functions out of these places?”
“Yes they did,” March said turning to his wife, “Madeline we need to find the control center. Let’s hope the computer is a stand alone!”
“Yes we don’t have a new AI for the planetary system yet,” Madeline replied.
They found the control center and soon found a way to turn the computer on and to begin to getting the plant up and running. Within a couple of days the plant was producing several different types of tents and awnings. By the end of the week there were nearly a thousand tents and dinning flys that could house a family of four quite easily.
As the Roustabout flew back to Trena the pioneer parties began to spread out and began to get the planet ready for occupation. With the exception of the small towns and villages scattered throughout the continent, (those were few and far between,) there was no place to put millions of people when they came to Home. No one wanted to see the planet’s natural resources plundered and raped to house over thirty million people. Everyone was concerned about the impact that tjhirty million people would have on Home.  
Book 7: The Evacuation Begins
Chapter 1: Exodus
“That’s what? The eighth ship today,” the customs inspector commented as they left the Exodus. When the Exodus arrived the customs service was required to make an inspection of the ship to ensure no drugs other contraband was being smuggled onto Trena.  They had just finished the eighth ship to make port offering to take people off world.
“The crown has been pretty adamant that our people will go out in a coordinated way.” The younger man said, “So what are we going to tell them?”
“That’s going to happen a little later today,” another said, “right before we left to come here, I received word that Lord Mercer, and Lord Kenworth are meeting with them.  I was told to make sure the Exodus’ master knew about the meeting.”
“Did she?” the young man asked.
“Yeah,” he continued, “I also found out that she has an agreement with Lashkey to take evacuees to.”
“Thanks for the heads up I was hoping to maybe sign up with the Exodus.” The young man said, “Now I’ll think again.”
“I would too!” the first customs officer said.
###
Lord Mercer and Lord Kenworth had been made aware of the transports sitting at Out Bound Station.  It was mostly a passenger hub, and not a cargo facility.  Main Station was the kingdom’s oldest station and was for mixed cargos, a hundred years or so ago the new passenger only station was built to support the coming and going of interstellar passenger liners, and the docking of private vessels. Since the announcement of the evacuation, it had not seen much traffic so the Traffic Control AI thought sticking the transports at Out Bound was a good idea.  Now after discussing what they were offering to the people of Trena with the Marshal and the Queen the, two nobles were thinking about moving them into low Trena orbit. The ship owners were not going to be happy. Now as the two men entered the meeting room Mercer wondered how rocky this meeting was going to be.
“Good morning,” Larry started the meeting, “I won’t keep you long. My name is Larry Mercer; I am the Queen’s Attorney. This is a cross between the Monarch’s primary Counsel, and the Attorney General of Trena. The Queen, or the Queen’s Bench and Possibly the Parliament are the people I answer to. Lord Kenworth is the Foreign Minister. The Queen and the Marshal have tasked us to come up here and brief you.  I will brief you on the legal requirements of the Crown and Lord Kenworth will discuss the foreign department requirements. Before any of you wish to see the Marshal, or the Queen, you should know that where you are concerned we have been tasked to resolve any and all issues.  That what we say has the same weight as if the Queen or the Marshal has said it, and if it helps the people of Trena there will be no problems.”
There was silence in the room, as Mercer continued, “First off you will certify that you have the authority and permission to take any evacuees aboard to a world that has agreed to resettle them. Secondly every individual you board will certify that if they are alone, that they are not leaving any dependents behind, and should they have dependents, every one of their children, and spouses are accompanying them! There will be a crown officer sitting with you at your intake table. You will make provisions to carry all of the goods they choose to take with them off world.  The Crown will provide the containers and the transport to your ship for the containers.  There will be a Trena Mounted Patrol Officer who checks every person’s identity as they load, and make sure that you are getting who you say you are getting. Customs will check your landing craft.  Should you violate any of these rules you will be arrested, your ship will be confiscated, and the people aboard will be taken to the first world that will accept them. On the screen before you is the contract that you will all to sign before we allow you to recruit.”
“I want you all to read that contract,” Mercer said, “Once you have read it we can complete the next step.”
“Which is,” Pastor Gloria asked as she began reading the contract.
“I will accept your documentation,” Lord Kenworth said, “then will discuss with you the emigration policy of the worlds you are taking people to.  Lord Mercer is to ensure that the contracts and the services you are offering are legal, I am here to make sure that no interstellar law is broken, and that the worlds you are taking my fellow citizens to are not slave pits, or other worlds that the Crown has no relations with or have human rights violations.”
That got a look from more than one of the captains, and 20 or so people around the table.
Once the contracts were read Lord Kenworth spoke to them.
“Okay folks,” he started, “You have all read the contracts, and the contracts all state that you are now a onetime agent of the Court of Trena.  As such you must abide by all the rules and such that the Crown has instructed me and the ambassadors we have dispatched around the galaxy on the people of Trena’s behalf. Part of that means, that you may not transport any person who may in any way have their human rights compromised.  If you take a bioperson to a world that treats them like property you have violated the contract. 
“If you take the people who want to go with you to a world that doesn’t allow religious freedom you have violated your contract.” Kenworth continued, “Now to make this easier for all of you.  There is an office across the hall and that is where I am going to accept your credentials.  That way if there is any problem with them we can discuss them in private. Lord Mercer assures me that should you wish to not sign the contract there will be no problem.”
Both noblemen left the room and went to the small office just off the meeting room. A few of the captains looked at the contract then others and left.  Part of the contract said at no fee to the people they were transporting.  A few others saw that the planets who had commissioned them were on the prescribed list.  When it was all said and done only ten ships met all of the requirements of the contract, and the crown.   Kenworth met with all of the remainders and signed off on the contracts.
###
“Good evening,” the news caster said, she was an AI that had been carefully crafted to be the anchor woman of the Trenaport Express News nightly program. “We have a couple of new items on the evacuation.
“For those of you who want to be part of pioneer parties, the Crown, is accepting applications of anyone who wishes to be a member of the pioneer parties. The only restriction is that all family members must agree to be part of the colonization effort.  However adult children who are single and unattached may sign up to be part of a party or if they choose not to go with their family they may not be counted as part of the family.  To apply contact the Evacuation Command Headquarters at the Address shown.
“For those of you who don’t wish to be part of a pioneer party, the crown has contracted with a couple of carriers that will take you to planets in the empire, the realm, and other independent star nations. These carriers are set up office in the Convention Center, and will accept your applications. All applications must be approved by the Crown.” She paused for a second said “now on to other news. There is still no concrete word as to who was responsible…”
“Okay if we turn it off Captain?” the cook asked.
“Sure why not,” the captain of the Deliverance replied, she was sitting at the ward room table with her crew sharing their evening meal. A tradition on the small rescue cutter when they were not hell bent for leather on some rescue run or mission. 
“That colonizing bit sounds interesting,” the chief of the boat commented, “I wonder who they won’t take for that.”
“Thinking you’re getting too old chief,” their young rescue man asked.
“A little bit,” the chief remarked, “But I am wondering what type of EMS services and patrol services they’ll need.”
“What are you thinking chief,” the captain asked.
“Well you saw the traffic the other day asking if anyone from the boat crews would be interested in being part of a colonization team for that world the Marshal sent the Roustabout to?” the chief asked, “I hadn’t mentioned it to any one because no one said what their plans were after our last cruise. What do you think guys? Want to stay on as a crew?”
There was silence around the ward room table. All of them had been wondering what they would do when they left the Deliverance. They had all come to the conclusion that they would go their separate ways and never see each other again. They were a tight crew, maybe not the best in the Royal Maritime Rescue Service, but good enough to keep their commodore happy. Every one save the cook and her husband, the helmsman, were single and had no children.  For the most part their life centered on the Deliverance. The chief had been planning to retire, he had been on the boats for nearly thirty five years. The captain hadn’t made up her mind what she would do.  The helmsman and the cook had been talking about going to Haven and see if they could find work there on their boats. The others knew they could find work as a rescue man, medic, fire fighter, and police officer almost anywhere. They didn’t want to split the crew; but they knew it would be nearly impossible for them to be hired as a team somewhere else.
“If they’ll take us I’ll go,” the apprentice said.
“Me too, Count me in, what else would I do,” the rest of the crew chimed in. When they finished Captain McNally said simply, “Normally I wouldn’t put this to a vote, it’s too damn important not to.  By a show of hands how many of you want to emigrate together as a boat team to where ever the crown is going to set up shop?”
The entire crew raised their hands.
“Chief, fill out the paper work,” the captain said, “I’ll talk to command.  You guys know this won’t be a picnic. We’ve had it easy the last few years with a good maintenance team, and a good cutter. Where ever we go we might not be able to take the boat, and we might not get one as good. You know…”
“Skipper,” the cook spoke up, “when you’re done let us know. So we can start packing.”
“All right,” She said and went to her small cabin, and let command know they were volunteering to go to the planet that the crown was exploring.
###
The line at the convention center wrapped around the convention center twice. It surprised everyone, and caused the Mounties to assign additional officers to the location. This was day two of the event and now an additional ten freelance ships had arrived and were setting up shop. As per the agreement the Non-Governmental Organization’s had to have a large sign telling people who they were and what world that the NGO was going to take people to.  Pastor Gloria was sitting in the booth at the convention center watching people walk down the aisle they saw Lashkey snickered and walked by. On either side of her there was standing room only.  One of the worlds was for Haven, an imperial world that many retired imperial marines and interstellar rescue service people retired to.  Many of the people in that booth had the look of the military.  The other one was a place called Industry, that booth. while not having as much as that of Haven had a fair number. As she watched the crowd she noticed a nondescript man picking up trash, watching the crowds more than anything else. She thought it odd.  But as she watched she saw a Thonian walking the crowd who wasn’t checking out the booths. She had heard about the bombing and had looked at the damage caused by it when she came in but was surprised that the damage wasn’t that extensive.  As she watched the crowd she became more concern when she saw a clone that was walking through the crowd who seem more intent on watching the people than checking out who was offering what.  She saw a police officer and went up him.
“See that man with the broom and dustpan?” Pastor Gloria asked the police officer.
The Mounty looked over and saw Kellogg and said, “What about him?”
“Well he and a Thonian and a couple of others seem to be just walking around not checking things out.  They didn’t stop at the booths on either side of me.  No one’s stopping at my booth, but they are stopping at the ones on either side of me. If only to get the freebies!”
“I see,” the police officer replied. He knew who Kellogg was. While the man was not undercover he didn’t think it wise to announce who he was. “I’ll keep an eye on him.”
Kellogg had walked through the crowd a couple times and was about to go on another tour of the exhibit area when a commotion broke out near one of the booths. He wandered over and found a bunch of biopeople yelling and screaming at the people in the booth.
“Ain’t no way you are going to take me back to a company world!” he heard someone yell. 
“What the hell’s going on?” Someone asked.
“These bastards are from the company!” someone said, “I escaped from Yankenov. These bastards are from the company!” 
“We’re not from Ebio!" The man said.  He knew he was found out.  He didn’t know why the company security unit thought this would work to recover some of the clones who were on Trena.
“We’ll find out real quick!” Kellogg said, he took out a retina scanner and scanned the suspected company security officer’s eyes.  Within seconds Kellogg had his answer. By this time a Mounties and a couple of Companions arrived on the scene. Kellogg was tempted to let the clones tear the company officer apart; but not wanting to betray Lord Wilson’s hard earned trust, he took out his newly issued Royal Trenaport Mounted Patrol badge and said “Harold Stevens by the power granted me by the Queen I arrest in the name of the Court of Trena for crimes against humanity.  In particular the enslavement of bioengineered human beings, and the attempt to recover emancipated clones on the planet of Trena. Officers this man and his ship are to be confiscated, any and all crew men aboard the ship are to be held for trial by the Queen’s Bench.”
“Aye Sir,” the Mounty said, it was the same one who had been talking with Pastor Gloria.
“Sir your under arrest, you have the right to remain silent, you have the right to counsel, and to have that counsel present at any interrogation. Anything you say will be recorded, and will be used in preparation of the case against you.” The Mounty said, “Pursuant to Evacuation Order 16, a deadly force authorization has been granted when dealing with any Ebio security personnel, or Ebio personnel resisting arrest.” 
It was then that the Ebio Containment officer realized the Mounty was a clone.
Over the next week or so some ten thousand people from all walks of life made their exodus to other worlds that would have them. With the success of the effort by the NGOs and the security of the convention center, the Ministry of Labor once again had their employment fair, it too was a success. But they only took a portion of the people of Trena to safety. The Crown had been overwhelmed by all of the people who wanted to be part of a pioneer party.  It astounded them all. They all had assumed that many of the people of Trena would sooner want the easy life of a fully developed planet and not the hardship of a planet being developed.  That left the question of who would go first.
Chapter 2: Who Goes First?
It was an agonizing decision. There were several parts of the decision. Not only who would go first but who would be the ones to choose. The decision was loaded with emotion and politics. It was starting to get tight. With the exception of a few NGO organized evacuations that the Marshal and the Queen had allowed; no one had been evacuated since the bombing, only people from other star nations had been allowed to leave and the few hundred souls with the Roustabout. Maybe another ten thousand who had legitimate off world contracts had gotten off world. People were beginning to think that they would die on the planet. It didn’t help that the opposition news media was making it sound that the rich would get off first. The news conferences were becoming a nightmare of endurance.
“Good morning, it is now impact minus five months two weeks and three days.” Pete said in what had become the evacuation command’s press center. A combination of tents and mobile trucks parked outside the north gate of the palace.  “I am, here to brief you on today’s activities.”
“When are you going to start evacuating,” Someone yelled.
Pete just glared at the man. 
“Is it true that your evacuation plan calls for the nobles to get off world first,” Another yelled. 
“What is this I hear about all the art in the museums being taken off world and sold,” A woman in the back yelled.
Pete remained quiet. He had tried every trick he knew to bring order to these conferences.  He finally decided that the only way to regain control at these conferences was to stay on his program, not to answer questions until he was ready to, and more importantly to remain silent until everyone got the message. He let them yell questions at him for fifteen minutes he looked at his watch then said, “Good day folks. The next briefing will be at 1400.”
He gathered up his papers and left the podium. His professor was standing just out sight of the press. The man slapped him on the shoulder as he joined him. Pete turned to his secretary and said. “Put these releases out on the system. Make sure that they are not mailed to anyone who was in that meeting today. You pass the word that press passes will be pulled on anyone who doesn’t start showing some respect.”
“It was mostly the opposition press that was doing the yelling.” his professor commented.
“I know,” Pete said, “I know. But if I keep doing what I am doing the others who don’t want to have their time wasted will start beating up on the ones causing problems.  It may take a meeting or two. But it will work.”
At the 14:00 news briefing the opposition reporters started to throw questions before Pete even got to the podium.  The Trena press was like any press corps anywhere. If there was a story they wanted to beat everyone to it. When the subject didn’t want to talk they figured the subject was hiding something.  They were in a feeding frenzy. They knew the crown was ready to announce who would be the first 25,000 evacuees to make the first lift to Home.  They knew it was politically charged and they knew that the evacuation command had to make the list public and how they came about their decision.  The opposition was ready to pounce and make the Marshal justify every name on the list.  But they had loaded the deck. The marshal had not made the decision nor had anyone one his staff.  He and his staff had sat down and made a manpower staffing document for the first lift. They had determined what trades and professions were needed to make the lift work. They included every trade or profession imaginable from robot programmers to doctors and lawyers.  Once they had determined the mix they had instructed the census expert system to randomly choose twenty five thousand souls that fit their manpower bill from those who had already volunteered to be part of the first wave.
Although Wilson wanted to eliminate potential trouble makers, like when Lord West’s name had popped up; but he had told the expert system that anyone who had more than a minor traffic infraction was not to be on the list. He didn’t want troublemakers or people who couldn’t get along in society to be part of the first lift.  Although those folks, the ones who didn’t normally conform to the society they lived in, usually made the best pioneers and explorers. They also could cause all of the problems that a young world didn’t need. Not on this lift. They needed hearty souls, people who could work together to get things done. These first 25,000 souls had a little over three weeks to get ready for a massive influx of people. There would be on average 25,000 souls arrive every couple of days from here on out until they got everyone off world.  These had to be people who knew how to work together and were the best they could be.
The news media didn’t have any idea what the marshal had done. Because of the opposition news media they hadn’t been able to make the announcement. They had even held off sending the announcements to the people who were going to be the first to go. Everything was set. Jonesy was ready to start dropping shipping containers at the homes of the first people who would be the first to go. There was an attack carrier that had just made orbit. It was stripped. No weapons. Its flight decks were empty. The usual thirty thousand complement of an attack carrier which included a marine expeditionary force with all its equipment was missing. Its crew of two thousand starmen needed to run the ship were the only people presently aboard. It could handle 45 thousand containers, and thirty thousand souls, more so since it didn’t have to be combat ready. They didn’t have to be able to make a combat drop so they could scrimp on the things they normally wouldn’t.  
It was all set to go but they wouldn’t make the announcement until the media started to be behave themselves.  Pete was going to be stubborn one more time.  He was all set to start pulling press credentials.  As he stepped down from the podium he noticed a couple of reporters surround one of the more ardent reporters.
“Look!” one of the more respected veteran reporters buried a finger in a woman’s chest. “Unless you shut your mouth you are not going to learn anything.  I also have it on good authority that unless you shut the fuck up; all of us are going to have our press credentials pulled. If I get my press credentials pulled I don’t have a job. If I lose my job guess what cutie pie your boss is going to hear of it. So the next time shut up or I’ll shut you up.”
“How dare you!” the woman pulled the man’s finger out of her chest, “If you don’t get your finger out of my boobs I’m going to sue!”
“Tough shit.” the man said hooking his finger in her bra. As the woman pulled his hand out of her chest it pulled on the bra, his fingers released suddenly.  The snapping sound was heard clear across the tent.  More than one reporter snickered. The man had made his point.  “If I can’t work I can’t make money. If I can’t make money you can’t get any of it! So go ahead sue! I don’t care!”
That was all it took.  
“Good morning,” Pete said the next morning. He was mildly surprised when the reporters settled down quickly.  He had asked that the protective service to post a couple of units just out of sight just in case he had to gain order that way. But he was not going to play around with these guys this morning. They had already lost twenty four hours because of these clowns. He was determined not to lose another day.  “I have an announcement to make concerning the first evacuees to Home,” He paused waiting to see if anyone would make an outburst.  When none happened he continued, “Based on a manning schedule put together in cooperation with the ministry of labor, the justice department, the Royal College of Physicians and other professions and trades, we have compiled a lists of applicable professions, and trades needed for the first lift to Home. A list of names meeting the criteria that the Marshal’s staff came up with was fed to an expert system and those whose survey stated they would be interested in becoming part of a pioneer party or an initial colonizing up team that met the criteria have been selected. As I speak, notices are being sent to those selected. By midnight tonight those selected will have been notified. All those selected have until midnight tomorrow to acknowledge their selections. Should they not answer the summons, they will be given another twenty four hours to acknowledge, should they not acknowledge by that time the AI will go down the list until it has 25,000 individuals for the first lift. Once they acknowledge the summons they will receive information on how to proceed. They shouldn’t just start for the space port. The names will be posted on Evac Net by the end of the week with the first lifts to the newly commissioned Outta Here some time Sunday or Monday.”
“I will entertain a few questions,” Pete said.
“How many families does this entail,” Someone asked.
“I think and these numbers will change,” Pete answered looking at the notes the AI projected on his podium screen. “It lists some fifteen thousand families.”
“What are you calling families,” Another person asked after being acknowledged by Pete.
“Our typical family. You know how our people wed and make families. The lift will also include people about to retire, or have retired.  People who can pass their trades on or help take care of others as needed. The idea was to mix old with new, and diversity of skills and knowledge. For instance one family is the owners of a bakery. But not everyone in the family is a baker, one of the daughters is a police officer married to a warehousemen. Another of the sons is a school teacher. Another of the daughter in laws is a therapist. We need all those talents and we don’t want to break up a family if we don’t have too. So far the AIs been able to find those families whose skills we need without breaking up a family. You have to understand that this first lift will be the people who will be setting up facilities for the rest of us. They need not only carpenters, and masons, but doctors, nurses. But they also need someone to watch over the children, and someone to cook for them. To fix their machinery and the other support people needed so they can work.  That is our plan. Every lift we send out will have that type of mix.”
“Are any nobles included with this list?” Someone asked from the back.
“Yes there a couple but they have not been notified yet so I am not at liberty to give you their names.” Pete said.
“Will their entire business or estate be transported with them?” Someone asked.
“Only those people who want to be on the initial pioneer parties,” Pete said.
“Will they be given lands comparable to those they now have?” Another reported asked.
“No,” Pete said, "Some of their people will be transported with them, but they have no noble status on Home.  Although there will later be a dispersal of lands, at the present time none of our people will be given much more than an acre or so. The details haven’t been worked out at this time. But suffice to say that nobles who own large estates here on Trena will not own large estates on Home.”
“When will the Marshal and his family be evacuated,” someone asked.
“The Marshal and his family will be the very last persons to be lifted from this planet, or nearly the last. The Queen has made it clear that she will not leave until every last mother’s child has been safely evacuated from Trena. The Marshal has stated that he will insure that the Queen’s statement is fulfilled.”
“What about some of the art and precious works in our museums when will they be shipped?” an arts reporter for the Trena Post asked.
“We plan to ship a little bit of it out with each lift.” Pete said, “Currently there is no place to display it on Home. Some of this art must be kept in climate controlled environments. So it will remain in storage until we have such a facility to display it. It our intention as towns and villages are created and populated to put a lot of the art in traveling exhibits.  But that is a few years in the future.”
“What about the Marshal,” another opposition reporter asked, “Will he be given an estate on Home?”
“No sir, he won’t be given anything on Home,” Pete stated, this is what he and the Marshal had come up with. “His family owns this world he has ceded certain areas of it to the people of Trena.  Areas not ceded to the people of Trena will remain the property of Jill Wilson.”
“Does she truly own it,” Someone asked.
“Yes,” Pete said, “His daughter is the heir to the Estate of Margo Hazelton Wilson, who was the great, great granddaughter of the original Ebio founder Dr. Leonard Jenks. When Lord Wilson left earth with Lady Wilson he assigned his shares in Ebio to his daughter in a trust to be voted by his step mother, Admiral Wilson and Princess Carol of Earth. To make a long story short, Jill Wilson owns the world as part of her estate.
“What do the Wilson’s get out of it?  Will they be our new monarchy?” someone asked.
“They don’t get much out of it,” Pete said, “It is the Marshal’s intention to retire to the estate they are going to build on Home, and let the people of Home run their affairs without his or his daughter’s intercession.”
“What’s the Queen’s position on this? And the House of Lords,” a reporter asked.
“The Queen has not discussed any of this with me or anyone from the parliament,” Pete said not telling the full truth.  The Queen had discussed it him but not how she felt about it.
“Thank you sir,” one of Pete’s assistants called from the back of the room after Pete had signaled that it was time. He didn’t want to go any further on this issue. It was filled with land mines and not small ones.  He knew Wilson’s history better than Marshal Wilson did himself and knew that were some things that should not be discussed with others quite yet.  Pete left the podium. As he did the first notices were being received by those selected to go first.
Chapter 3: A Surprise in the Morning Mail
She opened her morning mail expecting to see nothing but the bills that Igor had left her. The lazy bum had been long on pie in the sky and short on money in the account. Thankfully she hadn’t given up her work as a network installer. There hadn’t been much work before the evacuation notice, and even less since then. Her job was to design and install computer and communication networks. She actually enjoyed the work. It had been the only thing that kept her sanity after Igor had pulled his stupid stunt at the space port the month before last. When the census had come around and they had asked if she was willing to be part of a pioneer party she had said why not.   She didn’t expect to be the first one to go. In fact with her four kids and a network manager she figured she would be the last one. Hell she thought someone had to watch the kids, and her work could mostly be done on a computer from her home. She didn’t go out into the field much just designed the networks.  That’s why her job worked out. She could work from home, be there for her kids when they got home from school. If she was selected for pioneering she wasn’t certain how her kids were going to be taken care of. She started to go through the mail and was floored when she saw the crown summons.  She opened the E-mail and saw that she was invited to be part of the initial lift. 
She stared at it for a few minutes. She had twenty four hours to say yes. She printed it off and walked into her kitchen and poured herself a second cup of coffee.  She read through the summons again and what her position would be on the team.  It surprised her. She would be supervising a team of thirty network installers and designing the network that they would install.  She would spend one or two days a week at field sites and the others at home or in the office that she would set up. Most of the team she didn’t know; but a couple of the guys she had worked with in the past and they were some of the best in the business. Seeing who her team would be she had to say yes. 
She was still in shock to think that almost twelve weeks ago she had almost been killed in that ridiculous container accident that killed Igor. To think that if he had just worked with the system he would be one of the first ones to be evacuated. She shook her head and sat down to the computer and replied yes.
Chapter 4: The Cabinet Maker
“April,” he came into their kitchen holding a hard copy, “We leave next week.”
“That soon,” his wife of thirty years said looking around the kitchen wondering how much they would be allowed to take with them. “Think we can be ready.”
“I’ve already said yes,” he said, “the container will be here tomorrow some time. The notice says there will be someone to coach us in how to load the container.”
“Oh that must be one of what do they call those women who work for the Marshal? Oh yeah, Wilson’s Women. Now you look here Andy I don’t care how good looking they are! You just keep your eyes on them and your hands on me!”
“I understand that some of those women are men dear,” he said looking innocently at his coffee cup, “I assume the same rules apply to you too?”
“We’ll see.” the nearly sixty year old woman replied, “I better call the kids. This means they’ll be going too right?”
“I don’t know.” Andy replied. He had thought the boys had said that they didn’t want to be part of the pioneer party. He also thought that the Marshal said he wasn’t going to break up families.  But as he thought of it, he and April had raised their children, and their children now had children of their own. They seldom saw the boys. Tony was a carpenter, Jimmy was a salesman. Both had expressed to him that they didn’t want to be pioneers.  They were used to the easy life of a civilized and established planet.  He and April had discussed being pioneers, and thought they would like it.  They both were healthy, and they were still young enough to be of service to their new world.
###
The next morning the container that would take their belongings to Home arrived. It contained boxes and other packing materials. They began to pack their home, a home that the couple had lived in for over forty years, a home where they had raised their kids and had allowed their grandkids to stay during school holidays. As April packed up her living room the memories were almost too much. She packed their photo albums that contained the history of their family. She accidently opened one of the digital albums, and saw the picture of her son’s graduation from school she paged through it a while reliving her daughters first dance. She looked up the album her eyes misting over when she relived the time when her son in law took Katie on her first date, and how Nathan had been so scared at meeting Katie’s parents the first time. 
She stopped at another photo. A photo of her sons and grandsons dressed with their fishing poles.
As she remembered the memories of her son and grandson coming to pick up Andy to go fishing, her eyes continued to mist over. As turned back to her packing seeing a forgotten decoration from last year’s winter holiday she realized she might never see her kids and grandkids again. That almost brought her to tears. She remembered little Jeff’s first holiday. They had got him a stuffed animal, a dog of some sort, he still dragged it everywhere he went. She did break down and cried, the memories overwhelming her. She was so overwhelmed that she almost went out to the garage to ask Andy if he would rather go with the children rather than pioneering on a new world. She didn’t though as she really was looking forward to pioneering on a new world. She was a school teacher and looking forward to see where and what her new school would be like.
Had April walked out into the garage where her husband was working as he packed up his shop he would have asked her if she wanted to go with the children. He was clearing out one of the cabinets when stumbled on a model aircar that had been his son, Jerry’s when he was his grandson, Josh’s age, Jerry had brought flying aircar over so they could get it running and give it to Josh. He thought about seeing what it would take to fix it then thought better of it. As he carefully put it a box he was making up for Jerry he remember that this the first time he had made repairs to it. He and Josh all of ten years old were flying it in their back yard when he crashed it on the roof and had to get the ladder out to get it off the roof. 
As he packed up his tools he was constantly bombarded by memories of his children working with him in the garage. His wife refinishing a hope chest her father had built for her that she was giving to their daughter Kate. As he packed up his clamps remembering the time both his boys were trying to build a curio shelf for their mother, and not wanting Katie to help as it was their mother’s day gift to April, and how reluctantly when they couldn’t do it, and they had to beg Katie, their sister to help. It wasn’t the first time Katie rescued the two boys. Katie was always the better wood worker than the boys. He thought she would follow him, but she had passion for law and was now a lawyer on McKay, Trena’s moon. As he packed, he made sure that there were quite a few tools he didn’t think he would need were in her box.
When it came time to move the big stuff into the container, the kids and grandkids came home to help. Dianna, their newest grandchild, didn’t do much more than sleep through commotion her in baby carrier, while the other grandkids helped as much as small children could.  
After the container was packed the family gathered on the patio that had seen many family gatherings. Now they were joined by several of the neighbors saying their good byes to April and Andy. Although the grandkids knew that grandma and grandpa were moving, they had no idea that they would never see their grandparents again.  That night they pulled two of the big beds they were leaving behind together that was where the five grandkids slept with their grandparents.
The next morning the container was picked up. They had been told to report to a nearby high school parking lot. They traveled to the lot where about a hundred other people were being processed to board the waiting landing craft. It was when the couple was getting their things to board the landing craft that the grandkids knew what was going on. Everyone was in tears as the grandkids were pried from Andy and April.  April was in tears as they processed through the screeners. Once aboard the landing craft April broke down and cried all the way to their transport. She wasn’t alone.
Chapter 5: The Surgeon
She was sitting in her clinic. Looking about the photos of all the children whose parents she had treated, or had brought into the world.  Many of those children were now Marines, or Starmen. Many of their parents were dead or had injuries that required them to leave the service of the empire. Some of the children had been brought into her clinic one step from deaths door. Some had not made it off her exam table. She was wondering if she was making a difference any longer.  She was getting old. Lately she was feeling every bit of her 90 odd years. She was wondering if it wasn’t time to move on. She had come aboard the Majestic to make a decision. She was wondering if she was getting too old to be a combat medic. The hours were hideous. She was wondering what it would be like to be just a plain old country doctor.  She was looking on the manning report’s medical personnel list. She was surprised to see that that very few of Trena Doctors and surgeons had agreed to be part of the colonization effort. 
She had read a report that many of Trena high price docs were offered positions on various worlds around the quadrant. Some of it made sense. Some of the specialists wouldn’t have a place to work.  No hospital that they could work out of.  About half the ER docs had signed up to go.  That made up Admiral Klond’s decision.  She made an appointment with the princess.
“Admiral,” the princess greeted the older woman as she walked into her office at Fletcher. “I was surprised when you wanted to see me. What can I do for you?’
“Princess,” the elderly doctor began, “I don’t know how to say this. But I guess I should just get it over with. I would like to retire. Retire in time to make the first lift to Home.”
“I see,” the princess replied, the woman before her was if not the longest serving officer in the Imperial Armed Forces, very close to it.  But if anyone had any reason to retire it was the Admiral.  She had been through four wars, and countless deployments. She had seen countless marines and imperial citizen’s pass through her clinic. 
After a few minutes the princess finally spoke, “admiral if you wish to retire the Emperor will accept it. I know dad will want to do something special for one of his favorite people. I know the IRS…”
“Princess I want to be assigned to Home, on the first lift. I know Mike’s my boss; but I want to announce my retirement on Home. I need you to be okay with it. In about a month I’ll have seventy years of service with the IRS. That’s plenty of time to serve one’s country.” 
“Admiral I hope that I am still going as hard when I get to be your age.” The general said, “Computer, connect me with Marshal Wilson.”
“This is Wilson!” Mike’s voice came from the communicator.
“Mike this is Carroll,” The general said, “I got some news. I am re assigning your MO.”
“Oh has something come up?” Mike asked. He had been hoping that Michelle would be around to deliver Lisa’s baby.
“Well yes,” the general said, “I am sending her to Home, where she’ll be the MO for the empire personnel I am sending there. I am also going to make her permanent party.  Is that okay?”
“I quests so,” Mike said, “At least she’ll be on Home to catch Lisa’s baby.”
“Michael,” Admiral Klond said, “There is nothing that will keep me from delivering yours and Lisa children.  I can’t do much here anymore Mike. The system I set up will work. I think I need to help set up the system, on Home.  Or at least help get it set it up.”
“Okay Michelle,” Mike said, “transfer approved.”
Chapter 6: The Resident
He was dead dog tired he had just finished a thirty six hour shift at the hospital. He had been on call for internal medicine. He was looking forward to crawling into his bed and reading the back of his eyelids for about a century. He wasn’t expecting the chief resident to find him as he was going off duty.
“Leroy,” the woman said coming up to him, “looks like your residency is over. The crown just named you as part of the pioneer party that is lifting next week. You’re single right?’
“Who would have me, Doctor Crystal,” The resident said irritated, “I spend my work days here for thirty or forty hours at time, then I go home and sleep like the dead for the next two days!” 
“Okay dude,” Doctor Crystal replied, “I was trying to remember who was in your family.”
“It’s just me Lorie,” the young doctor said, “My parents died about two years ago. I was an only child. No regular girlfriends.”
“Good they want you sooner than the others.” She said, “Admiral Klond wants to interview you.”
“That’s a little odd isn’t?” The resident asked.
“Not really Leroy,” the woman said, “Admiral Klond is going on the lift and she wants to talk with the medics who are going with her.  From the look of things you two are being posted to Outpost One.  She’ll be the attending, and you will be her assistant.”
“Damn,” The young man said, to work with Admiral Klond would be fantastic! She was the top military doctor in the empire. Some said she was the best emergency doc in the entire universe. He could learn more from her in a month than he could in six years of private practice. 
“Damn is right,” The woman said envious of the resident. If it wasn’t for her young kids, and having to look after her father she would have been on that lift herself. “Look go, get some sleep and then see her. She knows you’ve been on duty so won’t be expecting you right away.”
Chapter 7: The Boatmen
“Skipper,” the chief of the boat came into small cramped state room that served as the ship’s office and the captain’s quarters.  “We’ve got orders.”
“Oh?” the young woman said, wondering if they were the orders they all wanted.
“By order of the Crown, the HMS Deliverance is ordered to Trenaport for embarkation onto evacuation space craft for transportation to the Planet of Home. This is to include the entire complement of the vessel. HMS Deliverance is to make best speed and has priority through all locks, and gates.”
“No relief,” the chief, a thirty five year veteran of the Royal Maritime Service answered. He had started out on the boats shortly after leaving Earth and arriving on Trena. He had needed a job in the worse way. His wife was pregnant with their first, and unable to work. He needed money fast. Saw the maritime service recruiter and signed up. He had spent all his life on the boats, rising from a seamen apprentice to chief of the boat. His wife dead several years now and the kids moved away he had not been off the boat in over two years. He lived aboard. He wasn’t looking forward to retirement. When the crew had all signed on to a man to be part of Home’s maritime patrol he hoped he would be accepted also. It looked that at least for the next few years he would still be on the boat.
“How soon will we get to Trenaport?” The captain asked looking up at the man who had taught her ship handling, and then later agreed to be her chief.
“Four days.” The chief said, “The course is laid in.”
“Timmy,” The captain walked onto her small bridge.
“Yes Captain,” The helmsman responded.
“As per our current orders, take us to Trenaport Harbor at best speed,” She returned, “And Timmy?”
“Yes ma’am,” the helmsman started to bring the rescue boat on the course the chief had laid in to navigation console.
“Make her roar!” Captain McNally ordered.
“Aye ma’am,” Timmy called “Make her roar.” He keyed the PA system. “All hands prepare for fast transit! Secure the weather decks. If no negative report, I am going to full throttle in two, one, and full throttle!”  He reached forward and pushed the throttles to their stops.  The thirty ton ocean class rescue cutter rose up on its skirts and leaped forward as the jets filled the plenum chamber and propelled the ship like a bat out of hell. When the ship settled onto her course and speed the crew was able to move around the one hundred foot long boat that was now as stable as any hover craft could be.
“Chief let’s start getting the rescue equipment broken down for transshipment. We’ll leave the nav and sensor platform up we’ll need that to get to port. But secure the guns, just like we were going into dry dock for a refit. Anything we can secure en route let’s get it done. Get me our inventory. I want to know what supplies we need and get an order waiting for us in Trenaport when we get there.”
“Aye ma’am” the chief replied.
Chapter 8: In South Mall
Valerie Mitchum was standing outside the music store in the South Mall with several other people when she heard the announcement of the first lift. As she did she wondered how she could get on the lift to Home. It had to be better than living on the streets of Trenaport. A few days before Lottie’s death she helped a family pack up their apartment, after it had been packed, the family had given her the access codes to the place. She had been staying in the abandoned apartment ever since. She saw the shop keeper of the music store and knew it was time to move on. He didn’t like her around. She left the area of the music store and found a place where she could sit. She bought a drink at one of the kiosks with one of the few crowns from her last pay check from Lemay’s and was sipping it when she saw the two police officers who had rendered justice on Lottie’s behalf walking the mall. They saw her and came over to her.
“How are you Miss Mitchum,” L’eam, and F’rena asked in unison. Mitch smiled a bit this was not the first lifemated Thonians she knew, often they would speak in unison and with the same vocal qualities. 
“I am fine,” the seventeen year old answered. 
“We were worried about you,” the female thonian said, “When you disappeared from Lemay’s.”
“Why,” Mitch asked. 
“That was bad scene,” the male thonian replied “We wanted to make sure you were okay,”
“It was a bad thing,” Mitchum admitted. In truth she had never seen anything like that in her young life. She had seen many things in the five years she had been on the boat; but nothing that bad. 
“How are you coping with it,” the male Thonian asked sitting down beside her.
“I don’t know,” Mitchum replied, she really didn’t know how she felt about it. “Lottie was a good friend.”
“We had been told that,” the other one said, “That’s why we wanted to talk with you. We wanted to speak with you at the memorial for her.”
“Couldn’t. I had to get home.” The young girl lied as the Thonian’s communicator spoke up.
“Patrol 29 what is your status?”  The communicator called.
“In service at South Mall,” F’rena called into the device.
“Respond to a disturbance in the residential section of the mall.” The device called.
“On the way,” F’rena the female thonian called as her lifemate stood and they started to go to the residential section. 
With nothing better to do and since she was staying in an abandoned apartment on the residential floor, she followed the companions to the residential section. 
“Give me back my notice!” someone was yelling as she came up on the group behind the companions.
“It is not your notice,” another voice yelled. The crowd noise was getting loud. Mitch saw twenty or so people surrounding the two who were arguing. They were a young man who was wearing a tool belt and an older over weight guy. She thought knew him as the guy who ran one of the cafes on the ground floor of the mall. As they got closer, the older man pushed the younger man, who fell to the floor. He jumped back up and was about to swing on the fat man when the male thonian simply picked the young man up by his collar and turned him around. His partner moved in on the fat man and cut him out of the crowd. Soon both men were separated.
“What’s going on,” L’eam asked the young man. 
“I got my notice this morning and had printed it off and was showing a couple of the guys, when Jonathon took it and said it was his! Said I got it out of his printer. I sometimes use his printer to print out my stuff. When he saw what it was he went crazy and wouldn’t let me have it. I tried to print out another and he wouldn’t let me,” The youngster said in a rush. 
“Can I see it,” the thonian asked.
“He still has it,” the young man said. 
“F’rena can you scan the notice please.” The thonian asked his lifemate. He had heard the overweight man’s side of it as his lifemate interviewed him. F’rena scanned the hard copy of the notice. A holograph of the young man filed the air over the scanner. 
Turning to Jonathon the thonians said in unison, “Sir if you wish to continue to challenge this we will take you down to the station house where you will be interrogated by agents of the crown and should you be mistaken about this document, you will be arrested. The Marshal and the evacuation command are taking a dim view of identity theft.”
They let it sink in and then asked, “What is your desire citizen.”
“That’s all right.” The man said, “I guess I was mistaken.”
“Do you wish to press charges,” the male companion asked the young man.
“No.” the young man said, “everyone is getting desperate. Just so he doesn’t do it again.”
“If you cause any more trouble,” both thonians spoke again to the man named Jonathon, “we will arrest you.”
“Yes,” the man said.
“Come on folks it is all over.” They said, “Move on now.”
Taking the hint Mitch left for the apartment she was squatting in. When the thonians tried to find her she was nowhere to be found. 
Chapter 9: A Beginning
“Good morning Chief, may I join you?” General Langtree came into the palace mess where Mylea was sitting having an orange juice before going to work. She looked up startled because he had spoken to her in Thonian. Almost no one spoke Thonian in the palace. She smiled, and said, “Certainly General.”
“It’s David, Chief,” Langtree replied. He sat down. 
“It’s Mylea, David,” She returned.
“What’s on your agenda today?” Mylea asked.
“I’ve got a rescue boat coming in today.” Langtree said “It’s not too terribly big but it’s bigger than a standard LC-10.  It’s larger than a standard container too. Boeing SpaceWorks has come up with a large container lifter, and TransHaul has come up with a couple of specialty containers. It’s about forty feet wide and a hundred twenty feet long and maybe twenty feet high. The boat will fit in it. It’s going to be a job getting it cribbed and secure to make its lift to orbit. So I want to be on the docks when it comes in and see that it’s done right.”
“Couldn’t you let your people do it?” Mylea asked. She was enjoying Langtree’s presence. He had been in and out of the palace several times over the last few weeks. He always found some excuse to stop by her desk and chat for a while. It wasn’t every day and it wasn’t for very long. Just long enough to say hi.
“Oh they will,” Langtree said, “But I just wanted to watch.  Never in my years have I seen something the size of Deliverance be packaged for a space transit.”
“Surely you’ve seen them load some of the empires large tanks and APCs. Isn’t there one battery that they lift with two Landing Tugs?”
“Yeah,” Langtree replied, “But that beauty is designed to be lifted that way and is designed as an all environment weapon. It’s not a hovercraft that is designed for a man breathable environment that’s not designed to be broken down and shipped to orbit and to a new assignment. From what their chief of the boat says they may have to unship the jet engines to get it into the container.”
“You just want to see if you are as good an engineer as you think you are?” The Thonian teased.
“Who me?” the six foot six well-built general replied with a chuckle.  She had him dead to rights. Langtree was an engineer. The marines had sent him to several schools, including the advance school on Mars to polish his education. Five years after receiving his commission he was sent to Mars to get a masters degree in facility management, and flight engineering. The marines wanted to make sure that he could not only build the bases their flight crews worked from, but ensure he knew what it took to keep the birds in the air.  In the process he learned how to manage both civil engineers and aerospace engineers. He also learned how to manufacture just about anything that his crews needed.  He wanted to see if his brain child was going to work for the rescue boat.
Mylea shook her head then said unexpectedly, “Well when you get that boat in its cadge give me a call I’ll have diner ready for you.”
“That’s a deal.” Langtree said finishing his coffee leaving. As he left Mylea wonder what got into her.
Several hours later, Langtree was standing with the dry dock manager at Trenaport Yards, when the Deliverance got in. Langtree was impressed. The crew had gotten the most of the boat ready to be packaged. The small boats had been taken from their davits and secured to the deck. The guns had been unshipped and taken down below decks. Although the ship didn’t have much of a mast it had been taken down, and what electronic sensors that had to stay in service had been had been placed on a smaller mast on top of the bridge structure.  The only thing that wouldn’t fit into the container was the two jet engines that were mounted at an angle from either side of the ships stern and slightly above the roof line of the bridge. Enough so that with them rigged the rescue boat was wider and taller than the container.
They inched up the ramp to where the container’s door lay open waiting for it to be loaded into. 
“Finished with engines chief,” the captain called. “Timmy! Get shore power laid on. Therese, as soon as you can, get the galley secured. The rest of you get your gear top side.”
“Aye ma’am” the chief said he said making a notation in an old battered log book. Although the AI kept a better more detailed log of the ship activities, he had kept a hand written log of the Deliverance ever since he had become chief of the boat. He signed the log and motioned to the captain, “Ma’am would you sign the log please.”
She nodded, signed the book and looked up to see the entire crew standing on the bridge. She handed the book to Timmy, who handed it to his wife Therese, who handed it to Bob the machinist mate, who handed it to Doc their medic. Who handed it to Breaker, their rescue man, who handed it to Hose their fireman. One by one the twenty man crew of the Deliverance signed off. The Chief solemnly closed the book and gave it to the captain. 
Therese who had disappeared for a second when the book was being signed brought forth a couple of bottles of Trena’s finest wine, something she had been saving for a holiday party and twenty glasses. She filed each glass and handed it to each of the crew, including the apprentice who wasn’t quite old enough to drink. Then with her solemn words she spoke, “This gathering of friends, and comrades, and some who aren’t too sure,” She ruffled the hair of their apprentice, “are here to mark the sunset of an era on Trena. We are not the last of the patrol boats to leave service on Trena. That is months away. But we are the first to be offered service on Home as the first boat of our new home’s Maritime Search and Rescue service. So I offer this toast to our old service and our future service Fair Transit!”
“Aye Fair Transit,” The chief said and gently set the glass he was drinking down on the counter. “Now let’s get this lady put to bed for her trip.”
The yard dogs sensing that something was going on had not swarmed up to the boat but waited for to be invited in. The captain walked off the bridge and down to the gang plank to the awaiting general on the dock.
“Welcome to Trenaport, Captain McNally,” Langtree fired off a sharp salute.  Captain McNally returned the salute and said, “General HMS Deliverance is ready to be shipped.”
“Thank you Captain,” Langtree said, “You’ll soon have her back to you in a couple of weeks.  As soon as she’s stowed your crew is free until 0800 day after next that’s your embarkation time report to gate ten at the space port.” He handed the captain a large envelope, “Here are your updated orders.”
“General,” The captain turned the envelope over in her hands, “Day after tomorrow is fairly fast, some of us have things that need to be done before we lift off.” 
“Yes,” General Langtree replied, “We know. But you don’t have to worry about your homes. A crew’s been to your home and they packed everything they found.”
“Everything?” the captain asked. She was horrified of what they might find in the one closet. She hadn’t wanted anyone to see the paintings. No one on the crew knew she did that and some of the paintings were very personal.
“Yes everything,” The general had heard about the paintings, they were some of the most erotica paintings he had ever seen. The captain turned beat red as Langtree continued, “Lady Hawthorne was called hastily to your quarters, and personally over saw the paintings packaging. They will be safe. She also requested that you contact her about one or two pieces she would like to put in the new museum on Home.”
“Does anyone else know?” the captain asked.
“No. Your crew’s personal quarters were packed by a special team. Lady Hawthorne knew that people like your crew may not be able to get their stuff packed and ready to go because of your duties. The packers won’t discuss what they found, the issue that came up was that one of the girls on the packing crew was an art historian and thought the work was good enough to be special, and thought someone besides she should look at it. Your secret will be safe for as long as you wish it to be.”
“Thank you,” the captain said turning to where the yard dogs were already climbing onto the Deliverance. As they watched the first of the two engine nacelles were unshipped from its pylon support and lowered to the deck. 
“I don’t know if you noticed but the container is bigger than your boat.” The captain nodded, “the whole front of the container is filled with spares for your boat. There are enough spares to go three years without having to make or purchase new parts.”
“The chief will like that.” The captain said, “By your leave sir?”
Langtree nodded as he watched the yards dogs prep the rescue boat for shipping, and when it was safely in the container and secured for transit he took his phone out of his pocket “Mylea,” he said into the phone, and was answered by “Hello, this is the Atomi home, how can I direct your call.”
“I would like to speak with Mylea,” Langtree told the expert system.
“Hi David,” Mylea’s voice and face came on the device, “Are you on your way?”
“Yes,” Langtree replied, he had been anticipating this night for months.  He couldn’t explain why he was attracted to Mylea, it didn’t make any sense; but he had learned long ago that in matters of the heart nothing made sense. 
“Dinner will be ready when you get here,” Mylea said and hung up. She looked to Lamile who was giggling, “Your enjoying this aren’t you?”
“Mum,” Lamile replied, “You are acting like one of my girlfriends who’s going out on their first date!”
“In some ways it is,” Mylea returned. “I haven’t been on a date with another man since I was your age. I lifemated when I was 8 crimens old. When I life mated with your father I was courted by almost all the boys in the neighborhood. But with me going off to the war school, and spending the next two crimens learning my trade, I wasn’t really interested. Your father was the only one who had the staying power. He made a point of stopping by the war school when he got leave, and leaving me presents.  The old centleader who was in charge of my century at school felt compelled to read me the riot act about romance at war school. How I didn’t have time to be courting while I was learning how to be a leader of warriors.” Mylea smiled, “However that old codger made sure that everyone of Garth’s gifts got to me. I wonder what ever happened to him?”
“Mom,” Lamile said softly, “Are you okay with this? Is this something you want to do?” 
Lamile pondered what her mother was doing. Lamile had never been raised as a Thonian.  Her parents’ duty posts had been all over the universe. Lamile had been born on station eighty where she was part an MP detachment of the Thonian embassy. Over the last 6 crimens Lamile had lived on Mars, Earth, Thonia, a training base on Leander World.  She had been schooled in human schools, Thonian schools, and joint service base schools. She had seen other people’s societies, and some of their courtship and mating rituals.  Through it all Mylea had taught her child why she couldn’t have sex the way Earth children did. Casual sex between Thonians just wasn’t a thing that happened, not since the Aqaut infected Thonian population several centuries before. Now when Thonian’s had sex for the first time the Aqaut was passed from female to male. It made them empathic, and telepathic only among themselves.  It lay dormant in children until puberty.  When they did have sex; it tuned, for lack of a better word. the brains of only the two people having sex. Once the couple’s brains were “tuned” the active virus of the aqaut became dormant and then transferred is self during child birth.  The aqaut made it impossible for Thonians to have sex outside of marriage.  After they had mated over a period of time, the sex was so intense, and much more personal than anyone could image, that trying to have sex with someone else was impossible. When the aqaut was still virtually unknown, it was thought to be some type of venereal disease. At first it had nearly driven couples insane as they got used to being inside each other’s brains and bodies. Over time the couple were ab le to deal with it. Some couples had tried with a third person or other infected couple; but it usually drove everyone insane. Because of this Thonians were very monogamous. At first only women were the carriers, but as time went on both sexes became carriers.  Although it wasn’t unheard of for Thonians and Earthlings to marry, the aqaut almost never transferred to Earthlings.  
As Lamile sat pondering the aqaut, she wondered if she should remind her mother that she was still in mourning. That she had several more sub crimens of mourning before she could even think of seeing men romantically. The time of mourning had become a tradition among Thonians, but only since the aqaut infected her people.  It had been discovered that people infected with the aqaut couldn’t tolerate sex with other partners, even if their partner was dead. But over the period of a crimen, (three earth years,) a widow’s brain seemed to go back to where it was before their life mating. However, sometimes, the death of her partner caused the widow to take her own life. Her mother had been fortunate that she had not been driven insane, or to take her own life.  Now as Lamile watched her mother preening for her first date in years she wondered if she should mention all of this to her mother. 
“I know what you are thinking,” Mylea said softly as if reading Lamile’s mind. “I am only having dinner with General Langtree I am not planning to go any farther than that. He’s a nice guy.”
“Well mum,” Lamile said buttoning up her mother’s blouse, “Let’s not give the good general any ideas shall we?”
“All right be off with you!” Mylea said understanding her daughter’s concern Lamile wanted her mother around for a long time. She was also not used to her mother being involved with any man besides their father. 
As Lamile went to leave, there was a knock on the door, she opened it, and found General Langtree standing nervously on the door step. “Good evening General.”
“Good evening Miss Atomi.” the general said as Lamile stepped out on the porch to Mylea’s moderate home shutting the door behind her.
“General,” Lamile said awkwardly, “I am duty bound to say this to you, even though....”
“I understand Miss Atomi,” Langtree knew that this conversation would have to happen. It was part of Thonian culture, and that the child of a surviving lifemate, had to set the rules of courting for their surviving parent.
“General,” Lamile began, she had been around the galaxy with her parents, and had seen how others lived. “She’s still in mourning, and this will be her first romantic evening.  I don’t want her hurt.”
“May I call you Lamile?” Langtree asked, the young girl nodded, “Lamile it is my intention to have a quiet home cooked meal with a lady who has become a good friend. A woman who I respect, and who’s company I hope to enjoy.”
“You know...” Lamile started; but Langtree cut her off, “Lamile, I have worked among your people for most of my adult life, and I am aware of your people’s courtship rites, including those of a widow in mourning. I am also fully aware of the Aqaut and what that means.”
The young girl visibly relaxed, and said, “General, mom has been lonely as only a Thonian can be after surviving a lifemate’s death. I don’t…”
“I understand Lamile,” David replied, “May I enter your home?”
“Yes you may,” Lamile said opening the door for the general. It was then that she noticed that the general had a dozen roses and the traditional ribbon that her mother would wear to signify that her mourning was over. It was little early; but Lamile understood, she nodded to the general and said in Thonian, “The home of Atomi, honors, and welcomes General Langtree into our home.”
Langtree surprised Lamile, by saying, “General Langtree is honored by the family of Atomi to be welcomed into the home of Chief Atomi,” in Thonian, not passable Thonian, but as if he had spoken Thonian all his life.
“Welcome,” Mylea greeted David, “You’ve met Lamile, and I trust that you two got things settled.”
“Mother,” Lamile took the ribbon from the general’s hand, and approached her mother, she stepped behind her mother gently pulled her mother’s steel grey hair into a pony tail and tied the blood red ribbon around the pony tail. Lamile stood in front of her mother and said, “Comsha, comsha, I honor the memory of my father, and bestow my blessing on my mother and announce to the world that her period of mourning is now at an end. May the god of our people bless your future, and may the union you find in the future be as fruitful, and beautiful as the one you shared with my father.”
Nearly in tears, Mylea said, “Ashmoc, I acknowledge that my mourning is now over. I will honor my lifemate’s memory, and honor my family by wearing the Lecant the symbol of Ashmoc.”
Lamile kissed her mother.
There was a knock on the door, and Lamile answered it to see Jill Wilson standing there. “You ready?”
“Yeah, let me get my bag,” Mysteriously Jill had called and asked if Lamile could stay the night. Mylea, smelling a conspiracy decided not to investigate it too hard. The two young women had renewed their friendship over the last few weeks. They were nearly the same age, and were both the odd girl out in school, and society. Their parents, were both high ranking officers in the Queen’s evacuation command, they never went anywhere without an escort. Jill had complained to Mylea one night when she was sharing diner with the Wilsons that she couldn’t even talk with a boy without her detail being there. How could she date a boy with that bruiser of a security officer nearby! Mylea just chuckled, as she had heard some of the same thing from Lamile, though not as adamant, as Lamile didn’t want to have sex the way Jill might want to with the right boy. In some regards, after hearing some of the horror stories from her coworkers in the police department, she was glad she was raising a Thonian child, not a human child.  At least Lamile knew what would happen if she made the wrong choice. 
“I’ll bring you home tomorrow,” Mylea said.
“Okay,” The girl said then turned to General Langtree, “Good evening general.”
Once the door was shut, Mylea broke out in laughter, so did Langtree knowing full well why she was laughing joined her, “I am just happy that Lamile decided that you were a suitable suitor for me!”
“I remembered right after my divorce,” Langtree said, “my kids insisted on vetting every woman I even had a cup of coffee with.”
“I didn’t know you had children,” Mylea replied,
“I was married for about ten years.” Langtree said, “It was maybe never a good marriage, I was always away from home, even when I could have my family with me I was always out of the house. I was a maintenance trooper. I’ve always been a maintenance trooper. When I was young I was always on the short list to call when they needed an extra body. So just about the time I would be able to sit down with the family the base would call and they would need me to come in because one of my guys messed up or we got an alert. Well when I couldn’t get home from an assignment when my youngest was sick and dying, Louise said enough and left me.”
“How long ago was that?” Mylea asked indicating that he should sit down.
“Fifteen years ago.” Langtree said, “I haven’t heard from Louise for a while. My son decided not to follow his old man’s footsteps and has a small business on Lacroc. Missy did follow her old man’s footsteps! She is in a maintenance company with the 3rd marine expeditionary unit. She just made lance corporal.” Langtree got his wallet out and showed her his two children’s pictures. They were two good looking kids. She said as much.
“I was surprised when you brought the Ashmoc,” Mylea said, “There are so few of us who survive the mourning that many people outside of Thonia don’t know what the Ashmoc is.”
“Mylea, my dad was a Foreign Service staff member, after my mother died; I joined him in his off Earth postings. I literally grew up in Thonian space. My first crush was on a young Thonian girl named Sagri. If my Thonian house keeper hadn’t set me straight I don’t know what would have happen.” 
It was then that Mylea realized that he had not spoken a single word in Terrish. “Then you know about the Aqaut, and why we mourn so long.”
“Oh yes,” he said, “I have had many Thonians in my work units. Some who were lifemated some who were in mourning, though not many.”
“I see,” Mylea replied, “You knew our culture and you have been chasing me since we first met!”
“Guilty as charged,” Langtree said, “and yes I knew you were in mourning, but if you care to check your notes, I haven’t been alone with you until now, and I have made no advances on your beautiful person until you invited me to dinner.  Speaking of which...”
“I almost forgot,” Mylea said, “I didn’t know when you would be free so I just made soup and sandwiches. I did get some beer.”
“You know, you are a wonderful person,” Langtree said as Mylea got to her feet, “regardless what some of you coworkers say.”
Mylea chuckled going to the kitchen with Langtree in tow.  They spent a quiet evening watching an old movie on the holoset, with Langtree leaving around midnight. Mylea went to bed and dreamed of Garth and Langtree. Langtree’s driver noticed that for the first time in months that his boss seemed relaxed. 
“Sergeant Hoi,” Langtree said as his driver pulled up before his quarters, “pick me up about 0800 and be prepared for a long day.”
“Aye sir,” Hoi said wondering if his general got his bones rolled at the commander’s home.  He kept his thoughts to himself. Langtree was the best officer he had ever worked with. Drivers and aides who couldn’t keep their mouths shut; soon found themselves reassigned to other duties.
Chapter 10: Packing Day
Suzy Gabriel had told the crown that she accepted the summons to be on the first lift to Home. The network design supervisor had spent the last few days reading what she was allowed to take and what she wasn’t. A couple hours after she had agreed to the summons a truck had showed up and dropped a container on her front lawn. The container was filled with shipping boxes of all types and sizes.   Now with the boxes all unloaded from the container stacked on the front yard, she was trying to begin packing.  She had to be packed by Tuesday so she could make her lift to orbit.
“Hello!” a voice called from the open front door. 
“I’m back here!” Suzy called she was in the kids bedroom packing Igor junior’s toys.
A few seconds later Suzy looked up to see a woman standing in the door. She was accompanied by two other women. “Can I help you?”
“It’s the other way around Mrs. Gabriel,” Lady Hawthorne replied, “we’re here to help you pack, and get your family ready for departure.”
“But I thought....” Suzy started “that only the rich would get this type of help.”
“No Mrs. Gabriel,” Lady Hawthorne answered, “This is a service we are providing for all our families.  As many people as we can help. My associates, Lady Curtis, and Lady Humphrey are here to learn how to do this. We also have a couple of strong backs to move some of the heavier stuff. We’d also like permission to make a holo so we can make a training program of the packing. Do you mind?”
Suzy thought about this for moment and said, “Hell why not. After my late husband’s stunt at the space port it’s the least I can do.”
So the three noble women and a small army people moved into her home. They started with the with garage and storage spaces with the recorders running. “We start here because many families have such spaces. Although, there may be some things in the storage spaces we can’t load, like paint, or flammable solvents, there are a lot of things that we can just put in the shipping containers. Such as these holiday decorations. They go on first as they won’t be needed right away when we get to Home. Many of these things won’t be needed right away so they go one first. All families have such things and that is why we are starting here.”
Lady Hawthorne went with Suzy to her bedroom she remembered Captain McNally’s home, “You do the dresser and I’ll do the closet, is there anything in here you don’t....”
“Lady Hawthorne,” Suzy said, “There isn’t anything in that closet you haven’t seen or possibly worn with your husband.”
With that the two women got to work, and packed up the master bedroom. As they filled the boxes the men would come in and remove them, but they didn’t load them up right away, one of the women whose task was to act like a narrator said to the camera, “These boxes, contain the everyday use items that the family will need when they get to Home. Their clothing,” she opened a box that hadn’t been sealed and showed hanging clothes from the master bedroom, she closed that and opened a smaller box, “the children’s toys.” She went to another, “This box contains Mrs. Gabriel’s tools. This will be loaded last.  As you can see the families furniture and appliances are being loaded.” She stepped out of the way as two men moved the Gabriel family’s living room sofa into the container. The camera followed them into the container where they placed the sofa on the floor of the container. The men took a cargo net and secured the sofa to the floor, “it is important that the load be secured as much as possible. Although the containers will be handled as safely as possible, it is important to note that the container will be in micro or zero g. There is no artificial gravity in the containers. So getting things tied down and secure will ensure nothing is damaged during transit. With the furniture and appliances now in the container and tied down, the shipping boxes are put in. We’ve been putting a few in as we load the furniture to make a nice tight load. The load bars are going in now, to stabilize the load so it doesn’t shift onto the family car. Which as you can see is now being loaded into the container. We are packing the Gabriel’s car too as Mrs. Gabriel will need it with her job on Home supervising network installers. If the car wasn’t a late model vehicle with a self-charging power plant that could handle some of the rough terrain on Home it wouldn’t be packed. It too will be tied down and made secure. Now the family’s clothes and things they will need right away on Home are loaded.”
She was quiet for a few minutes as the men tied down the car and loaded the last of the family’s belongings. They were cargo netted down also. Once everything was in, the narrator concluded, “Now we seal the family’s container, Mrs. Gabriel will put a lock on it and set the combination to the lock to something she knows.” They watched as Suzy Gabriel put the pad lock on the now closed cargo doors. 
One of the men attached a stencil to side of the container it had the word Gabriel and the numbers 000000001 cut into it. One of the other men took a sprayer and sprayed the stencil onto the container.  They went to the front, back, and other side, and climbed up top to spray the ID on the roof of the container.  When they climbed down a container mover pulled up and loaded it.  As it was loaded the operator recorded the number on his pad, and also programmed a small transponder in the container that identified the container and would when interrogated tell a searcher who the container belonged to. The stencil was psychological to make the family feel that their goods would be safe and secured and labeled as theirs and no one else’s, the real tracking and recording would be done by the transporters and the automated cargo handling gear. 
As the container pulled away a small automated surveillance robot began to track the journey of the container to the space port. It was carried as a live event. The first family to be evacuated to Home was big news. A family who had, had their number pulled in the first evacuation lift lottery.
As part of the packing Lady Hawthorne’s people loitered in the area to answer questions of the neighborhood onlookers. A crowd had gathered as the container was loaded and some of the men and boys in the neighborhood had helped the men load the container. As the container was loaded some of the spouses and others in the neighborhood began to ask questions. This was all planned. This was the first time that any of them had seen a representative of the evacuation. The first time any of them had an opportunity to speak with anyone from the evacuation command. So as they ended the packing a couple of Wilson’s Women drifted into the neighborhood and stayed there for several hours as the Gabriel’s said their good byes and were quietly taken to the space port. Hours later Lady Hawthorne who was dining with the Wilson’s and the Queen described the day and how effective it was.
“I don’t know if you guys picked Mrs. Gabriel deliberately because of that foolishness at the space port or because she was randomly picked; but it worked like a charm. She was little overwhelmed with all the attention. But it worked.  She was perfect, and didn’t even know that she was being set up.  She did some things wrong, but a lot of things right. She also asked the right questions, and even a few stupid ones. When that presentation is finalized it will be awesome!”
Lisa chuckled Dolores Hawthorne was entitled to crow a little bit. She had been worried that today’s exercise would be a complete flop. Lisa knew better, everything Dolores put her hand to she accomplished in a style that made others envious.
“I was able to catch part of it,” the Queen said, “You did good Deloris! But that was the easy one. The first is always easy. Sir Mike what about all these families who have cherished pets? How do we explain to the kids that....”
“We’re still looking into the biologicals,” Wilson said, “We found that the company had abandoned a large heard of horses and cows.  We think that we may be able to bring dogs and cats with us, and possibly some zoo animals. But that is a top secret thing all of you. I don’t want to get peoples hopes up. To dash them might be worse than just putting their pets to sleep.”
“It never stops does it Sir Mike,” Lady Hawthorne said, “You never get a moments peace out of this do you.” 
“It is the nature of the job,” Michael said, “but sometimes I can. Mostly it’s because of the work Lisa does that I get any peace.”
That was true, Lisa only allowed Mike’s coworkers to their home about once or twice a week.  She made it a point to invite not just the senior members of Wilson’s staff; but the juniors as well. She also made sure that Mike had one meal with the family as many days as practical. Lately she had been conspiring with Mylea, Queen Aggie, and his secretary to get him home by 2100 hours every night. 
“Yes,” Lisa stood up and walked over to the ship’s bell she had placed on the side boy. She took a small silver hammer that was chained to it and gently struck it. The bell’s soft, gentle chime filled the dining room, gently rebounding off the walls. This was a signal that all who regularly dined with the Wilsons knew. The business day was over.
“Okay folks,” Lisa said sitting back down, “No more talk of work or the evacuation for this evening. The penalty is banishment from my table!”
“The commanding general has spoken,” Queen Aggie replied, she had come to enjoy Lisa’s company and was learning how to manage her home when she finally wedded.
They settled down to a quiet meal and once Abby was put to bed, and Jill had gone off to her room, Lisa got the cards out and they played hearts into the small hours of the morning. It was a quiet evening that allowed everyone to have some relaxation. It was fortunate that they had this time. It was one of the few nights that was relatively peaceful.
Chapter 11: It Begins
A few nights after the press conference Jill over heard her father and step mother arguing.
“Lisa you are not going to do that!” her father was yelling. 
“Mike I am you wife!” Lisa yelled, “You don’t own me! You may own the company that built me; but you certainly don’t own me! I am going to the port to take those photos!”
“Lisa it’s too damn dangerous! We haven’t even gotten a sniff of Hozenbur and we know she’ll have to try something at this lift. The terrorizing of biopeople on this lift is just too great!” Her father retorted
“You mean that with all the Cops, MPs, Marines, and Militiamen you can’t keep one crazy old woman from disrupting the lift?” Lisa asked.
“It’s not just one crazy old woman and you know it!” her father snapped, “That crazy old woman has the equivalent of a Black Guard alpha team.”
“Yes she has one of the best closer teams the company ever fielded. But she is smart.” Lisa said, “She won’t try anything with me or with the first lift if she can’t get away with it. You know I am right about her. I am going and that is all there is to it!”
“It’s too damn dangerous.” Her father repeated. Then his tone softened a bit, “I couldn’t stop you with a platoon of marines could I.”
“Not even with one of the Princess’ alpha teams.” Lisa admitted.
“Okay,” her father relented, “But you go with a detail.”
“Okay,” Lisa agreed. 
Lisa had come out of the master bedroom and saw Jill sheepishly trying to blend into the wall. “You heard that?”
“Yes,” Jill answered.
“Let’s go into your room for a bit,” Lisa asked. It was time to tell her about Hozenbur.
In her room, Jill asked, “How dangerous is it for you to be at the embarkation area?”
“Less dangerous than your father is making out.” Lisa replied a little anger still in her voice, “I’ll be around people who will be the first people to get off world. They won’t be interested in hurting me.”
“Why does this Hozenbur want you?” Jill asked.
“We’ve tangled back and forth for over 15 years.” Lisa said she still wasn’t ready to talk about all of her past with Jill. There were some dark episodes she hadn’t even shared with her husband. Yet, Jill had the right to know more about her than she knew now. “I was a production clone. I was a very small group of clones they developed to carry clones to full term. Through a series of misadventures I got off the production world I was born on. One of the company managers was transferring off of Holly where I was born. I was about your age at the time, and I hadn’t been put in production yet. To this day I don’t know why they didn’t get me pregnant at thirteen like many of the girls in my group. So they needed someone to watch over the manager’s kids and to wet nurse their youngest. So I went with them to their new station. There they turned me loose in the company medical school and trained me to be a healer. I guess you know that I have some empathic esper skills?” Jill nodded. She had cut her finger a few days before helping Maggie in the kitchen. Lisa had been there and had just by holding her finger, stopped the bleeding, and healed the cut. “Well they helped me to hone my skills. 
“Afterwards my contract was sold to a medical personnel agency on the space station where I met Doctor Klond and your father. It was where I helped your grandmother recover from the injury she got on her wedding day. It was shortly after your father, grandfather, and grandmother left on their deployment that I was returned to the agency. Then the company realized who and what I was. So I was returned to a breeding facility on Holly where I had grown up on.
“They tried to get me pregnant, and when I didn’t conceive they were convinced I was sterile, (they had of course forgotten that I can control my menstrual cycle at will,) and put me in a containment team.” Lisa said, “I was the team medic.” She shuddered, “Patching their wounds up after their escapades. Truthfully they did do some good. There were company people who caused some harm. Great harm! The team I was on captured people who had stolen from the company or raped and abused clones. Sometimes they killed company officers. The company always wanted to deal with its own problems. That was some rewarding work. I helped shut down a smuggling operation that used the company transport system to transport crazy dust.  Later I was rewarded by being assigned to a closer team. A team sent out to kill people who the company wanted dead. Hozenbur was part of the team. I didn’t last long. When I found that this team had killed your grandfather I couldn’t be on the team. I took care of some business and left.”
“What did you do,” Jill asked. 
“Let’s just say I rendered justice,” Lisa answered, she wasn’t going to tell her step daughter how she had taken care of the business. “Hozenbur has been chasing me for years because of it. That and because some other stuff I have done to her over the years she wants me dead.”
“Is that why Dad is so adamant that you shouldn’t be out where this Hozenbur can get to you?” Jill asked.
“Yes,” Her stepmother replied. She wasn’t about to tell her step daughter the whole story at this time, “Hozenbur’s been after me ever since. She’s a sociopath among other things.”
“Mom,” Jill asked her emotions reeling from what she had just been told, “Is there any way I can get this bitch leashed?” 
That got Jill the sternest look she had ever gotten from anyone. “Such language!  Jill, the princess was given a confidential message from the CEO of Ebio that apologized for not being able to contain this closer team. I wish there was something you could do.”
Jill wasn’t convinced she couldn’t do something about this team. She was after all the major stock holder of Ebio now. She thought maybe she could get a message to Ebio headquarters to cease and desist. She had talked to the princess about the closer teams. She was having a hard time understanding why such teams existed. All of the company’s image managers betrayed them as a benign company looking out for the good of humanity.
“Mom,” Jill said, “I think I am going to talk to the Princess. From what you and the Princess have said, I want the closer operation closed down. I want the Imperial Bureau of Justice to find these people and bring them to justice.”
“Jill,” Her step mother looked at her, “I am pleased that you want to be so responsible and get rid of these people, but there are a lot of former closer’s here on Trena who are trying to do some good! Kellogg for one,” Jill remembered the excitement when Kellogg came to speak with her step mother. “There are others throughout the Empire who are trying to do some good like Kell.”
“Is there a way to get a message to them for them to talk with IBJ?” Jill asked. “Some way they can help to bring the closer operation to justice?”
“I don’t know,” Lisa said, “But Jill I don’t want you to go off halfcocked. You shouldn’t even been worrying about this!”
“How can I not,” Jill responded, “Some agent of my company is trying to kill my family. Has killed my grandfather and I am to ignore it?”
“Jill,” Lisa said, “I am not telling you to ignore what is going on. I am only suggesting that you be careful not to do any more harm than that’s already being done. I am very proud that you want to deal with this, but don’t be in too much of a hurry to be an adult yet.”
That just infuriated her. She was not going to let this group of animals kill her family. 
“I know with everything that is going on. That you may be getting over whelmed! That you feel that you have to help.” Lisa spoke softly, she didn’t want Jill to go off halfcocked. “But you have to help in a constructive way. Not one that causes more harm. I know that we may not prevent you from getting involved, but I would hope that you would let Michael, Mylea and Kellogg deal with this.”
“But this Hozenbur might kill you!” Jill said.
“She and her team are going to have to work at it,” Lisa said, “Between the likes of Georgia and the protective team your father has built around us and all the cops that will be at the port. I should be safe.”
Jill was quiet for a bit lost in her thoughts. She didn’t like the situation; but her step mother was right, She could do some harm by going off halfcocked. Finally she said. “Mom, I am worried about you. I don’t know what I can do to help. But I don’t want to cause more problems.”
“Just be yourself Jill.” Lisa said, “Let’s go see what the rest of this mob is doing.”
“You know mom,” Jill said getting off the bed, “I have to remember something grand mom said years ago.”
“What’s that?” Lisa asked as Jill helped her off the bed.
“If you can’t be part of the solution, don’t be part of the problem.” Jill said as they walked to her door, “the other part I have added, and don’t make the problem worse. I guess by going off halfcocked I could make things worse.”
Lisa opened the door and let her daughter walk through.
Jill would remember their conversation when all hell broke loose the next day.
###
The next morning, Lisa left Abby with Sally, then gathered Georgia and her cameras to go to the port. Lisa knew this would be a great time to get some photographs. She was a good photographer, and if she hadn’t been trained as a healer she would have chosen to be a photographer. She felt a little guilty about using her connections to be at the space port just to get some photos.
“Georgia I want to go to the port and photograph the first lifts,” Lisa told her lead agent. Georgia thought it was a bad idea; but knew better than to argue with her charge.  Besides she had discussed the issue with the Marshal the day before and knew it was going to happen.  She had seen Lisa’s work.  Lisa was an outstanding photographer.  She had heard of the photo that Lisa had taken of one of Trenaport’s fire chiefs catching a baby thrown by the child’s mother from a burning house. As the child passed a window filled with fire, it looked like a tendril of flame was reaching for the baby. The photo was on display at the Trenaport Fire Department headquarters. So without argument Georgia escorted her charge to an unmarked staff car for their drive to the space port. 
Their driver took them to the sprawling space port.
It was one of the many places that would be used as a staging area to take people to the “I’m Outta of Here”. It shared space with the Trenaport Harbor.  In the past if hadn’t been unusual to see old fashion boats docked opposite the landing craft pads and see people go from the landing craft to a cruise ship that sometimes looked like an old pre empire sailing vessel. Trena’s tourist industry was such that people came from around this portion of the galaxy to take a sea cruise to the ice caves, or to see the Princess Falls and other sites around the oceans of Trena. Everyone had been surprised when Queen Agatha’s father had started the cruise business. Others soon followed suit. As their car pulled into the port Lisa remembered the vacation she and Michael had spent on the Queen of the Seas, an old style sailing ship with square sails. She smiled as she saw the empty slip as their driver took them to hangers where the evacuees would be processed out, her daughter Abby had been conceived on the Queen of the Seas. 
“Good morning Lady Wilson how can my officers serve you?” the chief of the port police asked. He met them with a small contingent of uniformed officers. He didn’t want this woman on the port today but there wasn’t anything he could do to stop her. 
“Chief,” Lisa said knowing what the man’s problem was, he didn’t want her there. He didn’t want the additional commotion at the port her presence would cause. “I want to spend an hour or so at the embarkation areas.  I want to record the first lift to orbit of the evacuees.”
“Lady Wilson,” the chief replied, “it’s going to be a zoo...”
“I know,” Lisa said, “That’s why I am here.”
“I can’t let you just wander,” the chief said, “The marshal will have my head if something happens to you. I might as well catch a shuttle to Dungeon and check in. I would be safer there.”
Lisa saw a lone man sweeping a pile of trash down the passage, she quietly snapped a picture then heard her implant say. “Lady Wilson please don’t push it.”
Lisa keyed her implant and sub vocalized. “I won’t Kellogg.”
Georgia also noticed Kellogg, as the non-descript man continue to sweep trash into his trash pan and dumped it in the can on his cart and moved on.  Although he was part of the evacuation staff there were a couple of agents on the protective detail who wanted to have a vigorous counseling session with him for putting their lady in danger a couple of weeks before.
“One uniform and only one uniform,” Lisa said, “I know you’ve got undercover operatives in that crowd, and I know you’ve been running sniffers, and other stuff that finds bombs and weapons.”
The chief nodded, he was also certain that the Mounties had a few people in the crowd, and he wouldn’t be surprised that one or two of the Thonian families in the crowd weren’t part of the Mounties.
“Okay Lady Wilson; but please, please be careful,” The chief said.  She nodded and they went to the embarkation area.
The embarkation area was indeed a zoo. The port authority had taken over three hangars, to process evacuees as fast as they could. There were long lines snaking into the hangars. The Trena Red Cross had set up a canteen in a corner of the waiting area. People were milling around, children were running around and shouting, babies were crying. Adults were crying. Lisa wandered the crowd quietly taking pictures, talking with people. Georgia violated several protective detail rules by not only carrying Lisa’s cameras; but snapping a few pictures of her lady assisting others. A woman with five children was struggling to diaper one baby, while trying to keep the other children from running off. Lisa stepped closer to the woman as she struggled with the baby and quietly handed the woman the diaper bag she had dropped and then quickly reached out and grabbed a five year old who was getting ready to bolt.  She held the five year old until the woman was done diapering her baby. When the woman was done she looked up at Lisa; seeing her for the first time and said, “Oh Lord! Your Marshal Wilson’s lady!”
“Yes ma’am,” Lisa said as she set the child down on the bench where his brother had been changed. “May I take your picture?”
“But I am such a mess?” The woman said brushing her hair back, as she did, her husband come up with a box of donuts and drinks. He handed her a cup of coffee. The coffee had been provided by the Red Cross in one of their infamous cups. This was one of the many pictures that Lisa took; a family waiting for word to go onto the transport. Over the next few hours Lisa hovered around the family and took hundreds of pictures. Georgia took several pictures also. Through it all Kellogg was within eye sight. Pushing a broom, handing someone a cup of coffee, covertly blocking a reporter’s clear shot of Lisa. No one got to within six feet of Lisa that Lisa didn’t want that close. She photographed the family picking up their stuff and boarding their transport, taking the last picture as the landing craft closed its boarding way. 
“Let’s go home Georgia,” Lisa said as they went through the hangar to where their car was waiting. Lisa was exhausted and was only thinking about getting to the car and off her feet. 
###
Lopez had gotten a call early in the day advising him that Lady Wilson would be in the hangar this morning to photograph the lift. He had no idea who had made the call. He hadn’t even checked with Hozenbur; but got his weapons and went to the port. He had managed to infiltrate the port with no problem. Once on the port proper he made his way to the hangar where the halfwit would be. Once there he climbed up onto a hangar that had a good view of where the halfwit had parked and waited for her to exit the hanger. He knew he had to get the protective agent first or she would take him out. He coughed as he pulled the trigger and only got the woman’s arm. Cursing he tried to lay down more fire; but suddenly found that he was under fire from several of the officers who had seen the assassination attempt.
###
As they got to the car it took a moment or two for the shots that rang out to register. One of them hit Georgia in the arm. It was intended to take her down so she wouldn’t be able to protect Lisa. It didn’t work She bundled Lisa into the car, and started to yell into her implant, “Healer is under fire. I am hit. We’re in the car, but we aren’t safe.”
Kellogg who had been wandering a few steps behind them saw where the shots had come from. They were coming from the roof of a hangar about a hundred feet away. There seemed to be only one shooter. Kellogg now hidden behind a trash can took out his side arm and started to lay down fire. A Port Police officer who had been hit also saw what Kellogg was doing and began laying down fire also.  But the car carrying Lisa was blocked in. It couldn’t move as a passing car had been hit and its driver killed. Their driver who was in the men’s room came out and saw what was happening. He tried to get to the staff car; but the cross fire was too intense for him to even start for the car. 
“Attention on Trenaport Fire and Police, report of a shooting in the embarkation area at the space port,” The Emergency Service Dispatch AI called across the emergency services network,  “EMS 15, Medic 12, Battalion 5, Air Rescue 1, Evac 23, The area is not secure! Responding companies respond on Trenaport F and P.  SWAT 1 take this run. Be advised that there is one officer down.”
###
Lopez heard a commotion behind him and turned to see a one man air car hovering a few hundred feet away. Lopez turned to fire on the air car.
“Attention on Trenaport F and P this is Air Patrol 8 I have the shooter on the roof of a hangar.” A voice called, “Request weapons free?”
“This is the port police chief,” a new voice came on the air, “AP 8 Lady Wilson is the target. If you can take a shot without harming her do it.”
“Where is she?” the Pilot called, “I see the shooter shooting. He’s about to take a shot at me. No he’s turned away from me and is taking a shot at a brown car. Near the hangar.”
“That’s her car!” The police chief called, and another voice overlapped part of the transmission, “This is Healer’s detail, we are in the brown car on the curb. There is a red car next to us. We are down below the windows.”
“AP 8 going to guns!” the pilot put a laser target and range finder on the shooter on the roof of the hanger made sure that only the shooter was in his sites, and called, “Firing guns!” He walked a short burst of laser fire into the roof of the hanger cutting the shooter in half. “Shooter down! Shooter is down! AP 8 shows no other hostiles on the roofs.
“Roger shooter down!” the police chief called as an armored ambulance made entry onto the street where Lisa and Georgia cowered in their car.
It continued up the road until it nudged the bumper of the red car and pushed it aside putting a serious piece of heavy metal between where the shooter was and where Lisa and Georgia were cowering. The side door of the ambulance open and two heavily armed and armored officers yanked the door to the sedan open and pulled Lisa then Georgia to safety.
Between Air Patrol 8 taking the shooter down and Lisa being pulled to safety had taken only five minutes.
The ambulance backed away from the red sedan, maneuvered around it and then roared to the flight line where there was a waiting landing craft. It was waiting light on its landing gear to take them out of the area. Unbeknown to Georgia, Mac, the head of the palace detail, had put both an armored ambulance and a landing craft on strip alert at the port just in case something like this might happen.
“Lady Wilson,” One of the cops called to her, “Are you okay?”
“Yes!” She called back, pushing her way through the assembled medics who were working on Georgia.
“Damn it!” the young protective agent yelled, “Leave me the fuck alone! I’m okay! I’m okay! Make sure Healer’s okay!”
“What’s all this fuss,” Lisa asked letting Georgia see her. She took a bandage cutter out of a medics pouch and began cutting the young woman’s shirt away from her arm, “You!” she put a finger in a medics chest, “Hang a unit of blood,” She consulted her implant where she had the medical information on her family and the staff of the residence. “O neg! Someone, tell this bus driver I want us en route to the Evac hospital stat.”
“You’re the boss,” the medic said getting the blood, and conveying Lisa’s instructions to the pilot of the landing craft.
“Did we get the cameras?” Georgia asked as Lisa began to see how much damage the shooting had caused her young protective detail agent. It wasn’t much the laser had cut through the muscle of her arm, blowing a chunk of it away.  There wasn’t much blood; but she wanted to make sure that if there were any internal bleeding that it was covered. The bone hadn’t been harmed.
“You don’t worry about the cameras!” Lisa said sharper than she intended. 
“We got the cameras!” one of the cops said, “You had a death grip on them Miss.”
“Good,” Georgia replied feeling as if her arm had been blown away. She was in a lot of pain.
Lisa saw the pain that the young woman was experiencing and gently placed her hands on either side of the wound. She visualized the anatomy of Georgia’s arm, zeroing in on the nerves around the injury.  She concentrated on the function of the nerves and then the transmitters of the nerves convincing them that they didn’t feel pain. The effect was almost immediate Georgia’s pain started to ease.
“That’s one hell of a pain killer you gave me Lisa,” Georgia said, feeling the pain go away in her arm. Lisa knew she couldn’t do this for much longer. It took too much energy on her part to do what she was doing. The medic was watching Lisa, he had heard of people like her, mostly specially designed clones. He was watching Lisa critically not knowing what to do.
“Medic,” Lisa said trying not to break her concentration, “Give Georgia a local. Right here.” she indicated with her right little finger. “Then here also.”
“This okay?” the medic showed her what he was going to give Georgia.
“Half CC just about my little fingers on both hands.” Lisa said. The medic administered the dose and after Lisa felt it begin to work she withdrew her hands. She put a bandage on the wound and collapsed onto the medic as they landed at the Evac hospital.
“Are you okay?” the medic asked. While he didn’t expect her to collapse; he hadn’t expected her to be helping her agent as she had.
“Yeah,” Lisa said exhausted, the combination of spending several hours roaming the embarkation center, and the emotional drain of helping Georgia were taking its toll. She felt the ambulance move off the landing craft.  Soon they were backing into the triage ward of the evacuation hospital.
When the doors opened they got Georgia out in a hurry, followed by Lisa the medic helped Lisa into the triage ward. Both women were quickly in processed. The duty stuff quickly checked them out and released them. Georgia was given a dose of quick heal, and told to see her family doctor in the next day or so. By the time that the medics were done with them, Marshal Wilson had arrived at the hospital.
“Are you okay?” he asked Lisa.
“Yes,” Lisa said, “Georgia did her job. She got me to safety.”
“Where is she?” Michael asked.
“Here Sir Mike,” Georgia said standing slightly behind Lisa. Her arm was in a sling.  She looked ashen and a little roughed up.
“Georgia,” he looked to the younger woman, “Thank you. If there is anything you need let me know and I’ll make it happen.”
“Getting back to duty as soon as I can and being allowed to work with your lady.  She is one special lady,” Georgia said.
“You don’t have to tell me,” Michael replied nodding.
“Georgia,” Mac injected, “You’re on injury leave for a couple of days, but they’ll want you at the palace for debriefing.  Oh they got him if you hadn’t heard.”
“No I hadn’t,” Georgia replied. “I knew that one of the air units opened fire and that he reported shooter down; but not that he was killed.”
Lisa winced but knew the reality of Georgia and Mac business. “Georgia, when you feel up to it stop by we’ll go over the photos we took today and see what we can do with them.”
“Okay Lady Wilson,” Georgia replied.  She was curious to see the photos they had taken.
“Sir the press would like a statement.” Pete Voinic PIO had made the trip to the Evac hospital with him.
“They are going to want something more than just Lisa’s status.” Mike commented “Lisa, Georgia, this way please?”
They walked to where the security unit for the hospital was holding the press at bay. The Marine Black Guardsmen had their hands full. They were pushing at the guardsmen. Any other unit would be losing their cool, but not the Black Guard. One of the reasons they were used by the IRS was because of their legendary control.
“Lord Wilson!” one of the reporters asked, “is your wife okay?”
“Lady Wilson!” another yelled, “what happened!”
“Settle down!” Pete Voinic called, “The Marshal has a short statement, but will not take any questions at this time. Marshal Wilson?”
“Good day, Ladies and Gentlemen,” Wilson spoke, “I would like to thank the Royal Protective service, the Trenaport Mounted Patrol, the Space Port Police, the Imperial Interstellar Rescue Service, and other agencies who ensured that the two beautiful ladies at my side are able to be with me.  In particular to Georgia Lancaster, Lady Wilson’s principle agent, risked her life so that my wife can be here with me this afternoon. Now if you don’t mind, I would like to take my lady home and give her a chance to decompress.  Like any incident like this, it is charged with emotion and stress it takes its toll on the soul. Both these ladies need time to get past what they have experienced today. Good afternoon.”
With that he walked with Lisa and Georgia to the LC 4 Space and Air Executive Mission landing craft that had brought him to the hospital and would take them to the palace. At the palace when Lisa arrived at the residence Jill was waiting with Maggie and the Queen.  Lisa saw Abby and picked her up hugging her fiercely. She hugged Jill also. She didn’t quite ignore the others but it was obvious where her mind was. She wanted to be with her family. It wasn’t lost on the Queen that Lisa held Mike’s hand all the way into the house.
“Lady Wilson,” Maggie said, “Do you want me to bring you anything?”
“No I’ll be alright.” Lisa said and seeing the concerned look on everyone’s face said, “Guys, I know you are concerned, but I need some space. I am going to lay down a while and try to get my head straight a bit.”
“Okay Mom,” Jill said, “we’ll let you alone. Come on Abby let’s go help Maggie make dinner.”
“Come on kids,” Maggie called and Lisa nodded to her step daughter.  They went into the kitchen while her father escorted Lisa to their room. When he came into the kitchen to check things Jill asked, “Dad can I speak with you in the dining room?”
“Huh huh,” He said carefully, suspecting what she wanted to talk to him about.
“I heard they got the guy dad,” Jill stated once they were in the dining room.
“Yeah one of the air units got him.” Mike replied.
“Dad when are you going to get this bitch,” Jill roared, she was upset and needed to vent. Her father was the closest one she could get away with venting at.
“Settle Down!” Mike snapped. His patience was pulled if not to the breaking point it was getting close. “We’re doing the best we can. I’ve got enough people on it that we should be able to get the job done! I am already talking with the port police trying to find out how this guy got through the system.”
“We almost lost mom today!” Jill snapped. 
“Don’t you think I know that?” Mike snapped back. He counted to ten and said, “Jill we can’t do this. I know you are upset, so am I. But we can’t roar at each other! Lisa would kill us both.”
“She would at that!” Jill calmed down a bit. “She would at that. What does Kellogg say?”
“Not much,” Mike said, “He’s on top of it; but not even the ex-closer community can find this beast.”
“Dad is there anything, I can do?” Jill asked.
“Yes,” her father said, “Keep cool. I know you are upset. But yelling at me doesn’t help the situation. We are doing everything we can do. Kellogg knew the shooter; but because we took him out we can’t talk with him. Right now I need you to be cool and help keep the others calm. We have to get through this. We have to set the example. The cooler we are the better everyone else will be. Besides we don’t want Lisa to kill us!”
“No we don’t. And she would!” Jill said, “Sorry dad. But I was so worried!”
“Mike?” the Queen came in the dining room, “How is she?”
“Shaken up a bit,” Mike said, “A little pissed. She is concerned about Georgia.”
“I talked to Mac,” The Queen said, “He said she did it by the numbers. She wouldn’t have seen that assassin at any rate.”
“Yes I read Mac’s, and Kellogg’s report. They both said she couldn’t have stopped the attempt. But they both say that her instincts were right on. She got them both into the car and under cover. She even managed to return a couple of shots. I am very pleased with her response.” Mike said.
“She’s very good isn’t she,” The Queen asked.
“Very,” Mike agreed, “She is one of the most professional protective agents I have worked with. I think I’ll wander by her place tonight.”
“She would like that,” the Queen replied, “She feels that she didn’t do her job.”
“You work fast Aggie!” Jill said, “I mean they’ve been home only a little while and you’ve already talked to Georgia."
Aggie shrugged. Mike chuckled.
“Marshal,” Maggie came in holding a plate of sandwiches, “Would you want to take this to Lady Wilson?”
“Yes,” Mike said and took the plate and left the dining room.
“Are you okay Miss Wilson?” Maggie asked. “We heard you in the kitchen.”
“Sorry Maggie,” Jill feeling a little embarrassed replied and saw the look on Aggie’s face, “Thank you both. Now how can I help you Maggie?”
“Help Abby make some sandwiches.” Maggie said following the girl into the kitchen. Aggie followed them in and helped also.
###
“It’s been years since someone took a shot at me.” Lisa said hours later joining the family in the family room, “Not since Hozenbur took that shot at me on the developmental ship. I didn’t even have a gun I could fire back at the closer with. Even if I did, I haven’t had any range time in years. I doubt I could have been effective with it anyways.  Poor Georgia,” Lisa felt extremely guilty that someone had gotten hurt because of her.
“Don’t worry about Georgia,” Mike said he was sitting next to her on the sofa. “She’s not that hurt, and you did more for her than anyone could have done.”
“I know Mike,” Lisa said, “But damn it! She shouldn’t have to be a target for me!  Why is my life any more important than hers?”
Wilson thought for a moment then said, “In the scheme of things one life is not more important than someone else’s. Sometimes certain people are blessed with positions of responsibility that makes what they do important to all us. So they get the benefits of body guards, and such.”
“But surely that young lady’s life isn’t to be thrown away.” Lisa said at a lost to understand why Georgia would do what she did. She had known instinctively the men and women around her had sworn an oath to let no harm come to her or her family, and to possibly give their lives so her family might live. She had never thought that it would ever happen.
“Mom,” Jill over hearing what her parents were talking about interrupted, “I’ve gotten to know Jenny well. She’s like an aunt in some ways. We got to talking about this protective business. I wanted to understand what it was about and why she would put herself in harm’s way for me. I don’t know if I can explain it, mostly because Jenny said it much more elegantly than maybe I can.”
Jill had her step mother’s full attention. “It isn’t that they want to die, or that they are ready to die. It’s that they know if they can make it harder to kill you or me or Abby, then they have done their jobs, and they look at dying for one of us as an honor. An honor they hope and pray and train all their days not to have to fulfill. Jenny saw how much it bothered me, and she said that some of their protectees should be thrown in the dung heap. They are a pain and they treat the details as so much furniture. If you pin Mac or Georgia down, they will say that they much prefer us than they do some of the others. Jenny told me she has had on occasion to escort a nobleman’s children. The children were spoiled and cause more problems than she was too professional to discuss. But they like us.”
That sobered Lisa some more. She was now bound and determined that she would make it up to Georgia for taking fire for her.
Jenny was standing post just outside the family room where the family was lounging. The door was open and she heard everything the family was discussing. She thought about saying something. Then decided not to, the girl had mostly gotten it right. 
“Francine,” Lisa called softly. 
“Yes my lady,” Francine entered the family room a few minutes later.
“Would you see to it that an invitation is extended to the detail, their wives, husbands, and families to dine with us on the terrace this Saturday?” Lisa said, “I assume that their girlfriends and boyfriends have been cleared?” Francine nodded. “Maggie,”
“Here Mistress,” Maggie stepped into the family room carrying a carafe of tea and glasses for all present.
“I want to have an old fashioned cook out for the detail. And Francine, this is just for us, but that includes Mylea and Lamile, and the Queen. I want this to be a family affair. The theme is thank you.”
“Yes ma’am,” Francine said approvingly.
“Also would you ask Georgia to meet me in the study if she feels up to it sometime tomorrow, morning or afternoon? I don’t care. We have some photos to go over.” Lisa said. As the servants left and they were alone again. “Jill, thank you!”
Chapter 12: The Home of the Minority Leader, Lord Ramsey
Lord Ramsey turned to his guest and asked, “What can I do for you Captain Hozenbur?”
“I want to help you remove an irritant.” the sixty year old woman said. 
“Who do you represent?” Ramsey asked.
“Ebio,” the woman said, “We’re here to recover a couple of clones. Including Clone Delta 1980 Alpha Omega Bravo.”
“That’s Lady Wilson!” the lord replied. “You know that I can’t help you with that!”
If he helped this woman to capture Lady Wilson, or worse killing her, Lord Wilson would come after him and he would take no prisoners! As much as he wanted Wilson gone, so he could run the kingdom, there were some things he would not do. Bribe yes, false statements absolutely, but murder no way! 
“It’s like this Lord Ramsey,” the woman said, “If you don’t help me, this is going on the net. “She tapped a memory card, “This is Jamie Lopez’s confession implicating you in the attempted murder of Lady Wilson. He stated that the reason you have attempted to kill Lady Wilson is the fact Lord Wilson, made you look like a fool in the House of Lords when he testified.”
“I am not going to be part of that,” Ramsey said, “And if you think you can black mail me think again! First let me tell you something lady. Your visit here has been fully recorded. You may not have been aware of this but a crown warrant has been issued for your arrest.  If you don’t leave my house now I will be forced to hit the panic button. AI wake up....” Hozenbur took her gun out and shot the lord, and left the house, setting it ablaze as she left. When the fire was put out and the investigators were able to start their work, they found no record of the visit by the company security officer.
###
When Wilson was made aware of the situation at Lord Ramsey’s home he was speechless.  While the Rammer was not one of his favorite lords, and though he had secretly wished that something would befall the lord, he really didn’t want the man killed or harmed.  His successor might be ten times worse. Wilson nodded at the aid dismissing him as he sat on the couch holding Lisa close to him. It was something both of them needed.
Chapter 13: The Photographs
The next day Lisa was in the big study using an expert system to look at and catalog her photos. She had stills, videos and holos; several hours of them. She was looking at them when Georgia came in.
“How do you feel,” Lisa asked indicating for Georgia to sit down.
“Okay,” the young woman said sitting down, “I can feel the muscles starting to rebuild. Kind of itches.”
“I’ve been told that the regrowth drugs will cause that. “ Lisa commented. She saw the younger woman wince in pain and asked, “Who’s your Therapist?”
“Holly Caruthers,” Georgia replied. “I see her tonight.”
“Good,” Lisa replied, “You’ll like her she’s good. If you want I’ll work with you also.”
“I’ll think about it,” Georgia replied, she knew how good a physical therapist her charge was reputed to be.  She didn’t think it proper for her to be treated by her charge though.
“All right,” Lisa replied, thinking she knew why Georgia was reluctant to let her treat her. Georgia didn’t want to mix protecting Lisa with her personal business. “Look what we did yesterday.” 
“Okay,” Georgia said. She moved her chair next to Lisa, and began paging through the hundreds of photos and holos that they both had taken.  When they got to the picture Georgia had taken of Lisa helping the woman diaper her baby, Lisa turned to the young woman, nodded and went on. After looking at the entire list they began to catalog them. Finally near midday, Maggie came in with lunch.
“Who took that?” Maggie said seeing her mistress hand a young woman a diaper bag. It caught the hectic scene of the people milling around in the embarkation area. Of people bumping into each other and through it all, the young mother was diapering her baby and trying to keep her other children from wandering off.  
“Georgia did,” Lisa said handing the young woman a cup of soup. “She’s got a great eye.”
“She does,” Maggie said looking at a few more of the photos, “What are you going to do with these, Milady?”
“I don’t know,” Lisa replied, “I think it’s important that we document the evacuation. I feel we have to show our children and grandchildren what we went through to get our people to safety.”
“Lady Wilson,” Georgia said, “Why don’t you send a couple of these to the net services.”
“I can’t do that,” Lisa said. “It wouldn’t be right.”
“Why not,” Georgia asked, “You take as good a picture as any professional news net photographer.”
“Look at this one mistress,” Maggie picked up the photo of the father bringing his family some drinks, and refreshments. The picture showed the worry on the father’s face, and gratitude of the mother for the father bringing them refreshments. “You got the whole essence of this part of their ordeal. The worry of the father of what is really going to happen when they get to Home is clearly all over his face. And the look on the mother’s face thankful that her man had thought to bring them all something, though he was worried to death about what was going to happen.”
“Lady Wilson,” Georgia said softly, “Look at this one as the family boarded the landing craft. That last look the mother, and father made onto the world of their birth. One last look. Look at the emotions.” Georgia tapped a photo, the husband carrying his five year looking one more time at the world of his birth, a single tear silently testifying that this big strong man was anything but untouched by the emotionally charged events of his departure from Trena. “You say I have the eye of photographer, but these are terrific.” 
“But I’m a bioperson!” Lisa said, “We aren’t allowed to do this!”
“Who says?” Georgia asked, “We have biopersons here on Trena who are reporters and their work is published all over the kingdom.”
“But...I’ve never done it I don’t know how to do it!” Lisa said, “As much as I think that we have to document what we are living through, I do this mostly for myself. I don’t know is if it is proper for me to do this?”
“Lisa,” Francine had walked in towards the end of the conversation, “Georgia’s right, there are a lot of biopeople who publish their work all over the kingdom, but few of them ever have had their work published outside of the kingdom. The publishers in the Empire are afraid that if they do that the escapee’s owners will make it impossible for the clone to collect her royalty. It is not only proper, but something that you need to do for our people.”
That got Francine a dirty look, “Everyone in this room is our people Francine. I won’t play that game. That caused problems back on Earth during the second century Pre Empire. I am not a Trena Bioengineered Human I am first and foremost a mother, a wife, and a citizen of the Kingdom of Trena.  If we published these prints they’ll be published under the name Lisa Wilson. Not Lady Wilson, not CD 1984 AOB; but Lisa Wilson!”
“Okay Boss Lady,” Francine replied, “you pick them and I’ll hand carry them to United Press Interstellar.”
“Georgia,” Lisa nodded as she picked up a camera, and handed it to the young agent, “This one’s yours. You have a good eye. Someday you may not be a protective agent, or may want to change professions.  Or you just may want to have a fun hobby. Start taking pictures.” 
“But that’s an expensive camera!” Georgia replied. “I can’t take that from you.”
“Georgia,” Lisa said, “I won’t force it on you; but whenever you want to borrow it, just take it.”
Maggie locked eyes with Georgia and slightly nodded her head telling the young woman that it was okay for her to accept the gift. 
“Okay Lady Wilson,” Georgia replied as she took the camera.  It was the one she used the day before.
“When are you to go back to duty?” Lisa asked.
“In a week,” Georgia said, “Mac’s already debriefed me, and he’s cleared me. There’ll be no disciplinary action.  By then according to the doctors I should be in good enough shape to take duty.”
“Good,” Lisa replied, “I want you back.”
“I want to be back,” Georgia replied.  She truly enjoyed her current assignment. There had been a lot of posts in the last few years that she had loathed coming to work to take.  The person she was protecting was loathsome, uncouth or just a pain to be around. One young teenager had taken the opportunity to grab her every time he went by her.  She had to sit and take it. She had said something to her supervisor.  The supervisor saw the recording the surveillance system had made and later had a conversation with the family.  That only made it worse.  The father decided to do the same thing.  Finally it got too much and Georgia just decked the father and walked out. The protective detail then told the family they were on their own. The supervisor then talked to private duty body guards and showed them the video, and let them make the decision whether to take the contract or not. 
The Wilson family was still a little awed about having personal body guards. The Marshal accepted it fairly well but it was hard for him to deal with it at times. He had been a marine for nearly twenty five years. He had made combat drops with the Special Forces. He had walked posts where body armor wasn’t just a good idea; but a life saver.  He had been shot at and sent to the hospital for it. So it hurt his pride a bit to have the agents protecting him.  Lady Wilson was having the hardest time adapting. Mostly because she still thought of herself first as a cop’s wife, mother, then a clone. The detail truly enjoyed working with Lisa.  She had made it a point to know each and every one in her detail. She was beginning to know each and every one of their spouse’s names, kids and even pets. A week or so back she had found out that Mac’s little girl had broken her arm and had made a point of stopping by Mac’s place and checking on the girl. Mac was a single father. Mac’s wife leaving him years before, Lisa had heard about it and wanted to make certain the girl was okay.  Secretly the detail called her mom.
“Just next time,” Lisa said, “Let’s do both our jobs without you getting shot!” 
“Lady Wilson,” Georgia said in a very serious tone of voice, “I will endeavor not to be shot in the future!”
That brought a chuckle to the assembled women.
Jill had also wandered into the middle of the conversation. She quietly observed the older women as they talked. Listening to her mother talk with her staff and how she treated them was an eye opener. Lisa treated them as equals. That was more educational than being told how to handle the staff. She wandered over and looked at photos. She had to admit that her step mother had a good eye for getting the right photograph.
Chapter 14: Parking Problems
“Sir Mike,” Lord James the Trenaport Mounted Patrol chief came into Wilson’s office a couple of days after the assassination attempt, “Did you see this.”
“See what,” Michael asked looking up from his paper work. Sometimes he couldn’t believe how much paper work was involved in this job. 
“Computer, find and display the video from the day before yesterday at the space port parking lot. In particular the scene of the cars being towed from the lots,” the police chief requested. 
The air in front of Wilson shimmered for a second and a holograph of the space port parking facility appeared. The imagery showed all the abandoned cars being towed. 
“Computer stop video.” The chief said, “Thank you.”
Wilson looked to the chief waiting for his old boss to get to his point. This had been one of the most difficult relationships Wilson had to work with.  Before the Queen had reached down and chose him to be the head of the evacuation he was one of this man’s police officers.
“Sir Mike,” The chief said carefully, he had wanted this man to be one of his watch commanders. Now he was his boss.  “We can’t move this many cars every time we make a lift.  We either have to close the parking facilities, or have to time the departures to give us a chance to clear the lots.  If not, we’ll not be moving anyone out of the port.”
“Lord James,” Wilson looked to his old boss. “We’re closing the space port parking facility to all outgoing families.  Get with General Langtree and see what you can do. We anticipated this; but not so soon.”
“That’s what I figured Sir Mike,” Lord James said.
Wilson looked at the paper work and then at the chief, “Skipper, you ever wish that you were back to being a beat cop? Not responsible for all the officers of your department and all the crap that entails?”
“Some days,” The chief said, “Especially when some dumb rookie does something so stupid you want to bounce him off the walls.” Then the chief smiled, “but you know skipper, one of the more pleasant things about this job, is to see that same rookie do good and become one of the best cops you’ve had the pleasure of working with. Or when one of your cops is chosen by the crown for an important job and he does it well. That not only reflects on him, or me but the entire department.”
“Thanks chief,” Mike said, “You need anything else from us.”
“No,” The chief said, “We didn’t lose hardly anyone in this lift. Just remember me when you start evacing my cops.”
“Will do chief,” Michael said as Liz came in “Marshal the Queen would like to see you.”
“Tell her I’m on my way.” Michael said Lord James waved and left.
Lord James left the palace and went out to Fletcher Militia Base. He found General Langtree in his war room. Lord James chuckled when he saw the hangar that Langtree had taken over. On one wall were paper maps of all the populated centers of the kingdom.  One another wall was a map of the kingdoms road network. On that map were triangles with the letters LZ and a number under it. On other walls were status boards of every piece of flying hardware the kingdom owned or controlled was listed. Langtree had a circular desk in the middle of the hangar raised about three feet above the rest of his staff. He found the general talking into a phone. 
“Yeah I know we we’re supposed to activate the LZ in another two months. But I’m doing it now.” Langtree said into the phone he lapsed into Thonian which James did not understand a word of. The general put the phone down and turned to see Lord James, “Hello Chief.”
“Good morning general,” The lord said, “I overheard part of that conversation. Did you say you’re activating your LZs early?”
“Yeah,” Langtree said, “That mess at the space port the other day won’t happen again. What I am doing is taking over all the public airports, and landing pads throughout the Kingdom. Anyplace I can put an LT10 onto, is now active.”
”It sounded like someone was unhappy,” James commented.
“Yeah,” Langtree chuckle, “A small landing port owner who makes his mortgage by charging landing fees to people wanting to use his small patch of land. Well I activated it this morning, and had to tell him because it’s been federalized, he can’t charge us for using it.”
“Ouch,” James said “What was that bit in Thonian.”
“Oh I reminded the gentle soul that unless he cooperated that maybe I’ll have the crown revenue service pay him a visit. As it is I have to send an engineering unit to his place to fix a couple of things. I’m going to have to beef up the pad itself.”
“Well I was on my way to talk to you about the parking problem at the port.” The police chief said. “Looks like you got it under control.”
“Not really,” Langtree said, “Moving the pickup points out of the space port helps. But I still have to get people to the pickup points. I don’t want to have deal with a couple hundred cars at each of these places.”
“Why not bus them?” The chief asked, “It gives us control, and it’s better for the security forces. Most of the people you’re picking up have only a single bag. We drop them off at the pickup point and go for the next one.”
“That will work,” Langtree said, “we get the MPs to secure the inbound routes.”
“You know general,” the chief said, “This also makes it harder to protect our people. We’re going to need a reaction force to be able to get to these points.  Intelligence is hearing rumors of some very unhappy campers. Nothing concrete. Just enough to get our attention.”
“I’ve read them Lord James,” Langtree said, “I hope we can keep the lid on for a couple more weeks. But I am not holding my breath. “
“Yeah, I hear you.” Lord James replied. “Okay general I’ll get out of your hair.”
As he left Langtree turned to Lieutenant Hooper who had just walked in with his sergeant. Since he had chewed them out, their officers had not complained about their work and Hooper had not filed any more charges. 
“Hooper,” he called to the lieutenant. 
“Yes, General Langtree,” Hooper called back.
“Take your team and get out to LZ 90.” Langtree ordered, “It’s a private pad near West Jefferson. It is a level 4 pad. Make sure we can use it. I want to begin ops out of there as soon as possible.”
“Colonel Jefferies has me headed out to the line to work on a couple of birds.” Hooper said. 
“What!” Langtree snapped, “I thought you were doing facilities prep?”
“Jefferies pulled me off that last week.” Hooper answered.
“Sergeant Hoi,” Langtree turned to his sergeant, “I want Hooper and Erickson to be assigned to my staff as special expediters, and projects officers. If Jefferies says anything, tell him to see me.”
“Aye sir,” Sergeant Hoi replied.
“Off with you two,” Langtree said. As he watched the young officer walk out he couldn’t help but be reminded of himself.
Chapter 15: Jackie’s Supermarket
Jackie’s Supermarket had been the only grocer in the village Franklinton. Although it billed its self as a supermarket it was not that large only about 25,000 square feet. It served not only the town of Franklinton; but the surrounding district. It had been part of the community for over a hundred years. It not only sold groceries to people of Franklinton and vicinity, it sponsored some of the sports teams, both youth and adult. When the local school had needed help in replacing an athletic field after a wild land fire; it had led the effort to raise funds to replace it. The market also boasted a deli where many of the town’s people enjoyed their lunch as they visited. Now three months after the announcement of the evacuation the family that owned the market was still trying to help their community. While many merchants had raised their prices the Shiloh family had not, even when their suppliers had raised their prices to them. 
The town was slowly being deserted between people finding work off planet or by simply being evacuated to home. Where there might have been ten thousand people in and around the town there might be six thousand people now. The family that owned the store was in a quandary about their own evacuation. They were still trying to make a decision about going on to Home or to one of the imperial planets. The problem was if they went on to one of the imperial then the family would have to break up. They were a large family with multiple spouses, and many children. They had been together for several generations the thought of separating was unthinkable. Yet if they went on to Home they would be destitute and have to start all over. To make matters worse they were going to have leave many of their things behind. The crown was allowing them three containers; but it wasn’t going to be enough for nearly thirty people. They had started to pack some things up, but their evacuation date was a couple of weeks away. So they were in no hurry.
It was after dinner with the younger kids in bed and the older kids finishing chores or visiting what few friends were still in the neighborhood. The adults were lounging around large dining room discussing their future.
“I talked to Ferguson the other day,” Jasmine one of the younger wives spoke into the moody silence. “He was telling me that the crown was allowing some people to take their businesses with them.”
“Yeah I heard,” Moshe one of the younger men spoke up, “the same thing; but when I tried to find out more by going to EvacNet there was nothing on any of the public pages.”
“I have been checking with some of our suppliers,” Lindsey, one of the older women who was the family’s business manager spoke. “They’ve been hearing the same thing. Some of their suppliers have been telling them some of their stock is being sent on to Home.”
“Well that makes sense,” Lenora remarked, as she sat sipping coffee, “The people evacuating to Home will need to be supplied with food and other grocery items.”
“I heard that only the big grocers and retailers were being allowed to take stock with them.” Alex the oldest of the men commented. “That is unfair!” 
He was having the hardest time of all of them having to leave the store and Trena. He had married into the family as a young man just out of school nearly fifty years before. He was the last of that generation. All of the wives and husbands he married of his generation were dead now. Mackey the girl who brought him to the family all those years ago; had died the previous winter. While he was still in love with the rest of his wives and husbands they were not of his generation. Now even the market he had helped to build over the years was going away too. He had a lot of memories of raising their family in this building that was over a hundred years old. Now it was going away, and he wasn’t certain how he was going to support his family. That, more than anything was disturbing him. How were they going to support their children and themselves when they left Trena? He was nearly certain that the family might have to break into smaller groups and be scattered to the four winds.
“Folks,” he said after a few minutes of silence had descended over the spouses as if a curtain had been lowered, “I think it might be time to split up. I can’t see how we can stay together and be able to support each other on Home!”
“No!” Lindsey, who was considered by all of them to be their senior wife spoke sharply, “We will not split up! Together we are stronger than we are separated.”
“But we won’t have the store to support us!” Alex turned to the woman who was ten years younger than he, “how can we support ourselves without any income! We don’t know how to farm; we aren’t tradesmen, doctors, or school teachers. Things the evacuees will need to help us get established on Home. We’re shopkeepers without a shop or store how can we survive on Home?”
“It’ll work out,” Lindsey slammed down her coffee cup, coffee flying everywhere. Sheepishly she went to the sink and got a rag off the drain board. As she started to wipe the spilled coffee, “We’re not the only family that is facing this problem. From everything we’re being told. Marshal Wilson has everything thought out. They must have thought these things through.”
“I don’t know Lin,” Lenora commented as she filled her senior wife’s coffee cup and her own. “The magnitude of just getting us off world is bad enough. Just accounting for every one of us has got to be enough.”
“You know it might not be that bad,” one of the men remarked, “Len can hang out her shingle. Certainly there will be some call for an attorney. If only to do wills. Then me and Jasmine can offer ourselves up as handymen.”
“I can always sew,” one of the men said.
“Regardless of where we go on Home,” Alex commented, “They’ll need a butcher. I can’t image the crown being able to lay its hands on enough prepackaged stuff to feed us all.”
“We may have to reinvent ourselves,” Lenora remarked, “but we can do it. As long as we work together like we always, do we will survive this!”
 The next morning, Lindsey was in the store’s small business office going through the mail when she saw the crown notice. She opened it was just about floored. The crown was offering to transport their entire store to Home. She poked her head out of the office and saw one of the older kids stocking shelves, “Lamar! Go get Pops and bring him here.”
“Yes mama,” the boy said getting to his feet and going to find Alex.
Alex came into the office wearing a stained apron. He had been cutting meat in the back when the boy had found him. “What’s up babe?”
She handed him the print out she had made of the crown notice. He read it in silence. Then read it again to be sure, then asked, “Is this for real? I’ve heard there’s been some pranks played on people telling them that they can take something near and dear to them.”
“No Pops,” Lindsey responded, “I was afraid of that too and asked for confirmation. It’s for real. I took the liberty of telling them yes.”
A few days later Marcel, one the middle daughters was sweeping up the trash in front of the store when she noticed a car with a sign saying it was from the evacuation command on its side parked a little ways from her. Two women got from the car and came up to her.
One of the women a chubby blond asked, “Are the owners about?”
“My family owns the store,” Marcel replied, “How can I help you?”
“I’ve got it,” Moshe came out of the main entrance. He had been wiping down tables in the deli when he saw the car pull up. He knew why the two women were, and why they had come to the store. They were here to talk about their store. “Hi I’m Moshe. Let me take you in to talk to Pops and Lin.”
The two women followed him into the store. As they did they noticed that Jackie’s Market was more than grocery store, it was more like a general store; which was what the crown wanted. The women saw more than food as they follow the youngish man through the store. It was just large enough to serve a few thousand people and small enough that it wouldn’t be able to serve a large urban center. Most of what they were seeing was modern enough that the equipment shouldn’t cause any maintenance headaches on Home for a while. Moshe took the women to the back of the store where an older man and middle aged woman were working with an automated loader as it unloaded a truck of meat. The older man was swiping a wand over the tags that were attached to the carcasses of the meat being unloaded. The meat was encased in a clear shell. The meat was preserved in such a way that it was good for years. The plastic coating was to prevent bugs and other critters from dinning on the meat. The meat didn’t need refrigeration until it was prepared. Even the normal handling of a butcher didn’t affect the preservative. The coating was easily defeated by simply rinsing the carcass in warm water. It was a perfect system that allowed meat and other perishables to be stored almost indefinitely.
Two teenagers came up, and took over for the adults. The two women walked with Lin and Pops through the store. The two evacuation command reps were taking notes as they walked through the store. They saw several glass fronted refrigeration units. This surprised the women.
“Pops,” one of the women turned to the old man and asked, “why all the refrigeration we don’t use refrigerators to preserve food. Haven’t needed to freeze or refrigerate food since the early days of star flight.”
“That’s right,” Lin opened one of the freezers and pulled out a novelty ice cream treat. “These will not spoil if left out in the room; but they taste much better if they are cold. We sell a lot of singles to kids. Have you ever had warm bear or milk? A lot of our refrigeration is for the convenience of our customers.”
“I see,” the woman said wondering if they should take the refrigerators when they moved the store. Almost as reading her mind her partner remarked, “We don’t know what type of food preservation we’ll need on Home. We’ll take everything.”
They continue through the store noting that it was more of a general store than a grocery. There were tools, small appliances, fabric, office supplies and small electronics. The two crown reps were now more than convinced that the store would be idea for one of the small towns on Home. 
They were in the family’s home, atop the grocery, talking with the adults in their large kitchen and dining room.
“Well it isn’t very big,” the older woman said, “Which is good. Tomorrow or the next day you’ll be getting several containers. If you need help loading them we can get some people to help load them.”
“No we have enough hands to help us.” Moshe commented. The adults around the room nodded in agreement. 
“Do you know how to load them?” the younger woman asked.
“Oh yeah,” one of the woman replied, “nice and tight!”
“When do we have to be loaded?” Pops asked.
“Two weeks,” the older woman, “Think you can do it?”
The adults looked at each other a couple of them shrugged, then almost as if they were thonians, they nodded with Lin finally speaking for all them turned to the women, “We can do it.”
“I saw the holo of packing that woman’s house,” Lenora commented, and then asked, “Is there anything that isn’t shown on that holo we need to know?”
“No,” One of the women responded, “The list of stuff you shouldn’t load will be different, because of who you are.”
The two women left shortly after that. A couple of days later Moshe was standing in the front of the store taking a break from inventorying the pharmacy portion of the store, when ten container carriers with cargo containers on them came into the parking lot. A driver got out of the lead carrier and came up to him. “Hello. Are you Mr. Dramel?”
“Yes I am,” Moshe responded. The family name was Dramel; his name was Moshe Abrams before he joined the Dramel family. Once he married Dramel became his last name. Although his name was one of the many last names added to the family’s, “How can I help you?”
“Where do you want your containers?” the man asked.
Moshe looked around the lot thankful it was early morning and the store was not open yet and there were only a couple vehicles in the lot. A couple of vendors who came to the store a couple times a month to check on their product sales and to see if there was anything that they could sell to them. The lot was mostly empty. He replied to the driver, “Back them up to the front here but leave enough space for customers to park.”
“Sure thing,” the man responded as he climbed into the cab of the carrier.
The driver of the lead container carrier backed his unit up to the front of the store. Once he had dropped his container, he used a remote pad to back up four of the carriers and unload their containers. Within a few minutes five of the containers were backed up to the front of the store. The other five containers were dropped in such a way that they didn’t block the stores. Once the containers were parked the driver came over to the line of containers, and opened the one he had dropped from his carrier. It was packed with bundles of shipping supplies. He took one of the bundles out and cut the band holding the collapsed boxes together. It was a bundle of small boxes suitable for boxing up small things.
“The entire container is loaded with boxes and such to pack up your store and residence.” The man said.
“We shouldn’t need much.” Moshe commented thinking of how much of their stock was still in unopened shipping cartons. Then he thought about the stuff in their home and knew the boxes would come in handy. “When we get packed what do we do?”
“Call this number,” the man handed him a business card. Once thought to be a thing of the past they had been making a comeback in recent years for their simplicity. It was a quick simple way to exchange information.  The card said container pick up and gave a communicator number.
He opened the next container and found more shipping materials. By this time several family members had joined him in front of the store.  Lindsey had also joined them. She looked in the open containers and turned to her family, “Well staring at them isn’t going to get them loaded. Let’s get the store rooms loaded. Don’t worry about stock rotation. When we get to Home we’ll worry about stock rotation. A couple of you get those boxes stacked at the head of the aisles. I want the store rooms done first, then the pharmacy, then hardware, and everything else. I want it tight.”
“We got it Mama Lindsey!” one of the boys said, “Me and Courtney will do the store rooms.”
With that the family began the laborious task of closing and packing their store. Thankfully the only labor intense portion of the packing was unloading the shelves and cold cases. Early in the process as Pops and one of his daughters began to unload one of the cold cases he made the decision not to take the contents of the cold cases with them, nor the fresh produce. He wasn’t too concerned about it spoiling; most of the stuff in the cases did not need to be refrigerated to keep it from spoiling, the cold cases were mostly for the convenience of their customers. For instance many people wanted a cold six pack so they didn’t have to wait for it to get cold before they could drink it. There were some other things such as ice cream novelties and such that didn’t need to be kept frozen to keep them from perishing; but like beer was a courtesy to their customers.  There wasn’t that much in the cold cases or on the rest of their shelves. Since the evacuation’s announcement they had not been restocking their shelves fully. Their business was slowly disappearing as the town was evacuated. Many of the shelves were nearly half empty. Some shelves such as those containing snacks were completely empty! Others such as the cosmetics counters were fully stocked. The hardware aisles were almost empty. When all was said in done they didn’t have as much to pack as they thought.
Pops was looking at the contents of one of the containers when one of the village’s other merchants came up to him. The merchant had been incensed that Pops family was being allowed to take their entire business with them to Home, while he wasn’t allowed to take his. When he was told that a lingerie stop was not considered a critical necessity on Home he became incensed. When he saw how empty the container was that Pops was standing before, he turned to Pops and asked, “Will you take some of my stock and give it back to me once we get to Home?”
“I don’t know,” Pops replied, “We were given a list of some items we couldn’t take. Lingerie was not on the list.”
“Come to think of it,” Pops turned and asked suddenly, “Was this what you were going do on Home? Sell lingerie?” 
“Yeah,” the man retorted, “Why not?”
“We really need lingerie on Home while we’re trying to establish ourselves,” Pops commented.
“Well,” the man commented, “our people may want to enjoy themselves every once in a while. It won’t be all work and no play!”
Pops could see the man’s point; but he wasn’t about to smuggle stuff to Home. He and his family were too grateful for this opportunity to remain as a family to do anything to mess it up by smuggling contraband to Home. Especially for someone like Mortimer’s Lingerie, who as far as Pops could tell, had done nothing really to get ready for his evacuation!    
“Why are you going to Home,” Pops asked suddenly, “Surely you would be happier on one of the more developed worlds?”
“Yes,” Mortimer answered, “I can’t find anyplace to take me! The only skill I have is sewing! When I went to the recruiting center there was nothing I could do! None of them would take me unless I wanted to be laborer! That’s what halfwits are for!”
“You need to be gone now,” Pops angrily turned to the man, one of his sons in laws was a beta bioperson, “before I lose control and kick your lazy bigoted ass back to your place of business!”
Mortimer, realizing he had pissed the old man off quickly left the stores lot.
###
Several days later Lindsey was walking through the family residence and couldn’t believe how much their home had changed. All the family pictures were now down off the walls. The furniture was either missing or staged where her husbands and sons didn’t have to run all over the residence to get them and take them down to the containers. As she watched a couple their teen age daughters were pushing a large chest of drawers. She realized it was Pops.
“Does Pops know you are packing his room?” Lindsey asked the girls.
“Yes! He’s in there packing up his things,” Talia, one her older daughters responded. She followed the girls back to the patriarch’s room and saw her senor husband quietly loading a box with his hanging clothes. As they came in the old man said absently as he pointed to a hanging clothing box, “Talia, you can tape that one up and get it ready for the guys!”
“You need any help Pops,” Lindsey asked, knowing the answer.
“No, me and the girls have got a handle on this,” the old man looked up seeing Lindsey, “You might check the boys room, they’ve been quiet for the longest time. Makes me think they’re up to something!”
Lindsey left her senior husband’s room to the room where several of their younger sons shared. She walked in and saw that her sons had stopped packing their toys up and were playing with a toy she hadn’t seen in years, a toy monorail. They had built quite a layout with the monorail not just going around an oval but it climbed up to one of the beds across the bed. Then the toy train came off the bed and went back to the floor and dived into a tunnel and then around the small town they had built. Now the small boys were mesmerized watching the train go round and round the layout. Occasionally watching it take a side track. Lindsey watched her sons watching the monorail train go round and round the layout. She hoped her sons would be able to play like this on Home. She let them play for a few minutes longer enjoying her sons enjoying themselves. Finally she spoke to them.
“Okay guys,” she said softly, “Time to get back to work.”
“Do we have to?” Matt the eight year old asked.
“I’m afraid so Matt,” Lindsay answered the boy, “come on I’ll help!”
With that Lindsey helped their youngest sons back up their room. She hadn’t realized how many toys the boys had. As she packed their clothing away she wondered if she should check out Lyudmila’s before she left. The boys were going to need clothing soon and the hand me downs were getting sparse and had seen better days. After she put the last of the boys’ boxes at the top of the stairs for her family to move to the container, she found her purse and went down the street to Lyudmila’s.
Main Street was mostly deserted. Many of the shops had been closed up as their owners had either moved into the city or simply abandoned their stores. Some of the abandoned shops had been boarded up, others were just vacant. The pet shop had been abandoned months ago much to chagrin of the village as the owners had just left the animals. Many of the animals had found homes with the villagers some like the birds and the rodents, and the snakes had been simply let go. They had simply dumped them into the storm sewers and hoped for the best. 
That had been months ago.
Now as she walked to Lyudmila’s store realized how lucky she and her family were. Her family was the only small business that the crown was permitting to be taken whole Franklinton to Home. She passed the gun shop remembering how put out the owner had been when he couldn’t take his shop with him when evacuated to Home with his family. That made her wonder how the evacuees were going to support themselves when they got to Home. That made her wonder how people were going to be able to buy things in their store.
At length she came to Lyudmila’s. She had been surprised that the store was still open. As she walked into the store she found the owner, an older woman Pop’s age setting suite cases before the shop’s door.
“Hi Lin,” The woman greeted Lindsey.
“Hi Luddy,” Lindsey returned the greeting, “You going to the city?”
“No,” Lyudmila replied, “My sister heard what’s going on and has asked me to come and live with her on Jenny’s World. She’s got a small tailor shop there and said she could use my help. The crown paid my passage, and gave me a grant of five hundred crowns. I’ll be on Jenny’s World by the end of next month. I hadn’t told anyone! Why are you here?”
“The boys are growing like weeds!” Lindsey replied, “I thought I would get some outfits for all the kids! But if you’re closed…”
“For you I’m open,’ the shopkeeper said, “Let’s see what we can do for your kids.”
She had always respected Lindsey’s family. Although they sold clothing in their store they didn’t sell the same stuff she did, and often came to her place to buy better clothing for her family. She took Lindsey into her shop and helped her pick out several outfits for all her family.
As Lindsey put the last item on the counter she asked, “What do I owe you?”
The shop owner consulted her pad, shook her head a few times, wrote on the pad a couple of times and spoke to Lindsey, “I need fifty crowns.”
Lindsey looked at the shop owner in disbelief, she had been mentally adding up her purchases, and had come up with close to 200 crowns. Normally she wouldn’t have spent that much on clothing for the family, but suspecting this might be the last time in quite a while she would be able to do such things for her family, she had happily purchased what she thought her family needed. Her conscience though, wouldn’t let her take advantage of the shop keeper. “The tags add up to over two hundred!”
“I know,” Lyudmila replied, “But let’s face it. As soon as people know I’m gone, my store will be looted. Everything will be taken. And the insurance company won’t cover my loss. You’re getting everything at cost.”
Lindsey took her wallet out and gave the woman sixty crowns. When she handed the woman the money Lindsey stated, “Lyudmila, you will need all of the cash you can get a hold of. Please don’t argue.”
The woman didn’t and helped Lindsey take her packages the short distance up the street to Jackie’s store.
“Good luck Lyudmila,” Lindsey turned to the shop keeper.
“Write me when you get to Home,” Lyudmila returned and hugged Lindsey, “I want to know how things are going. Here’s my sister’s address.”
She wrote her sister’s address on one of the boxes, and left.  A few minutes later she left the town she had lived in for thirty years.
The next day they were greeted by two more container carriers dropping off two additional containers. When Moshe checked the bill of lading he found that the containers contained fabric and sewing supplies including several sewing machines and they were consigned to them. He assumed it was additional stock for them to sell.
The last night they were there, the family said their good byes to their friends and neighbors. Some of whom they hoped they would meet again on Home, others they knew they would never see again.  They drank a last toast to each other as they said their good byes. By midnight everyone had gone their separate ways.
The family spent their last night on Trena sleeping in their large common room. In the morning they packed their bedding away in a couple of large trunks and carried them to where their other bags staged just outside the front door to the store.  They found the crown reps waiting for the family.
“Well let’s get this done,” Pops remarked getting the master keys out of his pocket.
The crown reps walked with Pops and Moshe to the back of the store where the store’s utility room was located. It took only a couple of minutes to shut the building down. As the two women from the crown walked to the front of the store they couldn’t help but notice how empty the place was. The shelves that had held the goods that the family had sold were gone.  None of the cold cases were left. As they walked through the empty store the women noticed that there wasn’t trash anywhere they looked.
Pops locked the doors and handed the keys over to the women. They had signed the papers the other day turning the building to the crown. Now all they had to do was get to Home. They didn’t have long to wait. A large landing craft landed at the nearby school’s parking lot. Two loaders rolled off the landing craft it took only an hour to load the family’s store onto the transport. The family was surprised when the crown reps escorted them to passenger seats set up for them.  Instead of going to Trenaport to catch a lift to their transport the Broad Sword, an Attack Carrier loaned to the kingdom by the Earth Empire.
The kids were excited they had never flown anywhere, let alone aboard a ground to orbit vessel. They were beside themselves running all over the landing craft. Finally they managed to get the children rounded up and got them seated. As they took their seats, a militia officer came onto the passenger deck of the landing craft, he saw the family and spoke to them, “I am Major Rather, and my crew will get you to the Broad Sword.”
“Thank you,” Pops replied seeing delta bioperson, he wonder what Riesa and Jeremy were up to. The family hadn’t heard from them in weeks. They had moved to McKay where Jeremy was a surgeon and his daughter was his nurse. It wasn’t too unusual, as they were very busy on McKay. 
“Let’s get you on your way,” Rather turned and went into the cockpit. Ninety minutes later they were landing aboard the Broadsword. There the family was escorted to their quarter. 
Lindsey looked around the room. The room had bunks set in small almost alcoves around the room with a lavatory at one end and a lounge at the other end by another door. It was roomy even with everything in it. It was better than she thought they would get. The only problem would be keeping the kids under control. As it turned out that wasn’t a problem as the adults in their berthing area got together and kept the kids out of trouble. 
The voyage to Home took only a week. Lindsey and the family were kept busy the entire voyage. They met at least once a day with a crown representative who was responsible for the area they were to be settled in. He and his team briefed them about Home. They were briefed on the weather, the planet’s gravity which was a little less than Trena. So far they had found no dangerous animals. They had found an extensive data base in one of the abandoned building, according to the data there was no dangerous pathogens, diseases, or infections. The climate was similar to Trena’s; but a little cooler. Besides the one big continent, there were a couple of smaller ones with large oceans. The main continent was almost pristine. It was mostly virgin forests and wilderness with very little evidence that anyone had been on the planet. The town they were to be settled in was Outpost 1. It was the second largest town on the planet. The town seemed to be some sort of resort and recreation center. With a large marina that had several hundred pleasure craft brought up on the beach, including several large sail boats.
When Lindsey and her spouses saw the building they were to set up their store in they were stunned. It was smaller than their store on Trena. It had about three quarters of the floor space they had had on Trena. It was one story and spread out along one city block with parking a parking lot between it and another building behind what would be their store. It was a couple of blocks from the water front. It was Pops who observed, “There’s no place to live in the building. Where do we live?”
“Here,” the crown representative said displaying a large two story building. It was the building behind the store. The adults looked at each other not knowing what to say. It was much bigger than what they had lived in above their store on Trena. Lindsey had been certain they would have to block off a portion of the store just to have some place to sleep and take care of the kids. 
“It’s behind the store,” the rep said, “We think it was the town’s manager’s home. In addition to several bedrooms, it’s got a large kitchen and dining room. We think some of the bedrooms were servant quarters.” He wasn’t going to use clone barracks, “It has offices. We think your store building was the town’s service department’s warehouse.”
“Is there a lot of crap in the store?” Moshe asked wondering what it would take to get the place ready to go.
“It’s going to take a bit to get it ready,” The crown rep admitted, “but it’s mostly stuff used by the work crews to maintain the town’s facilities, tools, and such. You might be able to sell what you find!”
Lenora, who along with Jasmine was their buyers, spoke softly, “We’d have to see them before we can sell them. It might be better to just give them out.”
“It might be good will to offer what we find in the store to anyone who needs it.” Lindsey remarked. Most everyone around the mess table nodded. 
A few days later they landed at Outpost 1. As they rode on the bus through the town they couldn’t believe what they were seeing. Although some of the buildings showed signs of abandonment, many of the buildings showed little to no damage. Some windows missing, doors ajar, one or two trees crashing through roofs. Many of the buildings had no damage what so ever, with piles of leaves and debris blown into doorways or in corners. 
Finally they pulled in the parking lot behind their store. They piled out of the bus. While Jasmine, and Lenora walked into house herding the kids before them, Lindsey, Pops, and Moshe walked into the building that would be their store. It was a little smaller than their store on Trena had been. 
“It’s a good thing they left the shelving,” Pops commenting seeing the large warehouse shelving able to hold a large shipping pallet, they had left their warehousing fixtures, and equipment behind on Trena. They had brought a couple of the pallet movers with them, but it would not be enough to load the store.
“I hope the gang doesn’t mind helping to finger print all the stuff we brought,” Moshe remarked referring to hand loading all the shelves in the store. Without the automation they had on Trena it would be laborious task that would take several days. As Moshe wondered when they would get their containers he looked around seeing all the debris and equipment left over. 
Pops was looking around the space also seeing all the debris, he looked to Lindsey and Moshe commenting, “Well looking at it won’t get it cleaned and opened. Let’s get the gang in here and start getting it ready!”
Lenora walked with the others to the big house behind what would become their home. She was impressed at how big the house was. It was much bigger than the space they had on Trena. Although there was a large master bedroom, Lenora with the concurrence of Jasmine, decided to give it to the younger boys. A room next to it was a little smaller and they gave it to the younger girls. There were two so called servant quarters which they gave to the teenagers. There were a scattering of smaller bedrooms and what had been offices that the adults took. They left the one large office to be the store’s office. 
By early evening they had begun to settle in. The containers had arrived and they got into the one that had their personal stuff in it, so that by late evening everyone’s bed had been set up. 
That evening when the children had finally gone off to bed the adults were gathered in what would be their dining room sipping coffee. Lindsey looked around the group and said, “Family we did it!”
“Yes we did,” Pops remarked, “The family will continued on!”
Book 8: The Opposition Takes Action
Chapter 1: Father Pierce Arrives
He had been dispatched by the College of Cardinals to help the bishop of Trena in his mission to assist the people of Trena to find God. The Cardinal in the Office of Doctrine and Evangelism had spent a week briefing him.  His task was to bring a team of the Chosen Order to the planet of Trena and to ensure that the unbelievers and blasphemers on Trena were brought to God’s word and justice. 
He was a little concerned about getting onto the planet.  Gone were the days when he could have hired a pilot to fly him to Trena without the authorities knowing not much more than someone had flown someone to the planet.   Now all space traffic was routed through a known port of entry. You just couldn’t fly to your buddies landing pad from orbit. The militia was controlling the air space about the planet very tightly.  A landing craft couldn’t even begin to land on the planet without filing a flight plan that told the authorities the reason for the flight and a list of what passengers and cargo were on the manifest. In the past thing were quit informal. Nothing was flying now without the militia’s approval and full documentation.  The priest was traveling under a diplomatic passport, but not under his own name!  It couldn’t be under his own name as his name was on the prohibited list.
So it was with great trepidation that he approached passport control. Though he was going through the diplomatic VIP part of customs, if they did a DNA scan as well as a retina scan, he knew he was on his way to jail. The Trenan’s didn’t have much of a sense of humor when it came to murder and mayhem by the diplomatic corps on Trena.  They believed in diplomatic immunity, but they also let it be known that when they deported a diplomat that should the deportee show up on Trena again and if they caught him the authorities would arrest him on sight.  He didn’t know the fix was in.
Junior, the DeeSpa’s backup computer had been approached by his buddy at the Republic’s embassy to help get father Pierce on world.  The computer knew that the priest was persona non-gratis on Trena, and knew that he shouldn’t do it. But when he tried to back out the Republic showed him several meetings he had been involved in and that severely questioned his loyalty to the Kingdom.  The computer secretly reprogrammed the expert system at the pass port control station.  Over time he had set it up so the computer at the space port flagged him every time that a passport was presented to it. The AI was totally compromised; father Pierce was only one of many people the AI had allowed through customs.  As he watched father Pierce clear customs he hoped that the Republic would indeed help him get off world. 
Father Pierce left the space port and took a taxi to the Church’s Trena offices.  He didn’t get out of the cab.  He saw the militia encampment and knew the church was under surveillance. He drove to a nearby restaurant and made a phone call.  He left the restaurant and went to where his team was assembling for their first action.
“Okay folks,” the priest said, “No martyrs. get your weapons planted and get out.  I don’t want you taken in this action.  We need to stick it to these heathens. I still have to go to the church. It’s being watched so I can’t just go in.  I know that someone has a photo of me and will recognize me.  So we go with last mission brief. Take the damn out and go on to your next target.”
They were meeting in a small home that belonged to one of parishioners of the Church of the One God.  As the team mounted up the Bishop of Trena snuck into the back door.
“Good morning Excellency,” father pierce said. 
“Good morning,” the bishop replied, “you had no problems getting through customs?”
“These pagans are more interested in keeping their people from going off world than people getting on.” the man said.  He didn’t offer his name as the bishop had been given a dispatch telling him that an action team would be arriving on planet to begin assisting the bishop’s mission in causing problems for the evacuation.  The new Cardinal of the Theocracy, had ordered that their nemesis, the Kingdom of Trena be thwarted in its efforts to get its heathen barbaric people off world to safety. It had been decreed in the College of Cardinals that as God had decided to punish the people of Trena for their heathen sinful ways of plural marriages, giving shelter to clones, allowing Thonians to immigrate to Trena that, they, the chosen of God would assist in God’s desire to bring justice to the people of Trena.
“What do you need from me?” the bishop asked the severely dressed man in front of him.
“Nothing Excellency,” The man said, “We’ll be starting soon. We understand that the pagans are changing their method of moving their people.  We had expected this to happen and it will make our operation somewhat easier.”
“Yes they’re going to be more vulnerable,” the bishop said.
“Good,” the man said, “We have some operations planned that are going to really wreak havoc.  Some of which may cause severe damage to the city.”
“As you are aware the planet is going to suffer extreme damage from the asteroid impacts.  So what’s a little more damage?” the bishop asked.
“Very well sir,” The priest said “with your blessing,” the bishop made the sign of the cross over the team’s head and watched them leave. He waited until the team members brought two dead men and left.  He knew that he was being watched.  His hopes of not being seen had been just that unfulfilled hopes.
The bishop hadn’t. Two black guardsmen had followed the bishop to the house. They had thought they had secreted themselves without being seen.  They were wrong. Father Pierce’s team had placed a couple of watchers in the neighborhood.  They had seen the marines make their insertion. They were not in their combat fatigues, just everyday clothing. Although usually experts at concealment this time they were not successful. The first guardsman was dispatched with a simple dart. The poison spread quickly and was one the marine was not immunized against. The second one had his throat cut as his partner was darted. The bodies were quietly disposed of in the basement of the house where their team had met.  Before they left, they killed the owners and set the place on fire.  When the fire investigators found the marines they knew they had a murder, but there was no evidence as to who did it! The easiest crime in the universe to commit had been done; it was also the easiest one to cover up. For all the centuries of the scientific research into fire and fire investigation, it was still almost impossible to prove who an arsonist was.  In this case even the houses expert system had been destroyed.
“Grenlin,” her life mate came up to her.  They were investigators in the Companions. They were acknowledged as one of the best homicide investigators in the Thonian MP establishment. She felt his frustration. They both had hit a dead end in this investigation. Now two marines families would be receiving their son’s back and they couldn’t answer the questions of why. “It could have something to do with the Theocracy.  The investigators found these icons.”
Grenlin saw the cross, and the Book of the Way, the Church of the one God’s main religious document. The Black Guard Team Commander was with them and he saw the book and the cross and said, “They were following the bishop. They did check in on site here. They could have been killed by the bishop or one of his henchmen.”
“We have no evidence that the Bishop did the job or caused it. Even if he did he’s got immunity.” M’lan said, “I know you guys are keeping him under surveillance.  Can you forward your observation log to us?”
“I’ll deliver that sorry bastard's carcass to you if I catch him as much as looking cross eyed at any of my team!” the young captain replied.  His two dead marines were the best infiltrators he had on his team. “Okay sergeants, if we can recover the bodies, I got some letters to write and as well as a report.”
“Captain,” Grenlin said softly, “when you hold the memorial we would like to be there.”
“Aye,” the young man said and watched the medical examiners removed the bodies. M’lan gently gripped the marines shoulder and left the scene with his life mate. Both were agitated. They didn’t like these types of crime scenes.  Later when they learned of what the bishop’s team did next they would swear a blood oath to bring them justice.
While the churchmen set fire to their home and committed suicide Father Pierce and his team were working a few miles away near where the Evacuation hospital was set up. There was a small damn that held a river in check so it wouldn’t flood the small town of Galloway. The dam was seventy five feet high and a quarter mile wide. The reservoir contained fifteen thousand acres of water. Father Pierce had determined that by blowing the damn that they would cut the Interstellar Rescue Services Evacuation Hospital off from the city, and take out the town of Galloway. The damn break would cause more unbelievable havoc. They planned to take it out at 2 AM; knowing it would catch most folks in their beds. Nothing was more frightening than to be awoken in the middle of the night to an earth quake, or other natural event. While the dam break wasn’t a natural event, the roar of the water, and the sound of breaking buildings would cause the terror that the cardinals wanted. 
They worked through the next day setting their charges.  The park police had stopped their dive boat but hadn’t done anything more than let them know they would be around if they got in trouble. The team leader had sweated bullets on that one, as their explosives were being towed behind the boat. He thought about killing the police officer. The lake wasn’t loaded with boaters; but the few that were would witness the murder. They made nice with the park police and continued onto their dive area.  At the dive area a few hundred feet from the dam itself they sank the larger of the charges. This was the charge that would do most of the work. The small nuclear explosive would create a pulse that would cause a wall of water to cover the top of the dam causing the grout holding the damn to the rocks on either side of it to break free and cause the damn to be ripped out of its foundation. The other charges the team placed were designed to weaken the grout connections to the damn so when the water got there, there would be less resistance and cause the damn to fail faster. The bomb itself was a clean device. They had considered using a dirty bomb; but decided against it. A dirty bomb would look like sabotage, while this would look like a damn failure at first glance.  They didn’t want the Theocracy’s finger prints on this activity. 
Part of the priest’s team was working on the back up operation. The bridges downstream of the damn were sure to go when the wall of water hit them.  They wanted to make sure. So they had set the bridges to blow as soon as the water got there. They also wanted the debris to pile up so that the town of Galloway would be under water. They not only wanted to make rescue as hard as possible; they wanted the devastation to be awesomely frightening.  To make it look like the hand of god had reached down swatted the town of Galloway.
Both teams were sure in their beliefs. That their God blessed their actions, that the death of these pagans and blasphemers would ensure their place in paradise. They had no intention of dying for their god.  They had too much work to do in His name to die before it was their time. They had other targets around the Free World before it was their time.
###
Captain Joseph Harmony was just leaving the surgical center of the Evac Hospital. A collection of containers grouped in a T near one edge of the hospital encampment. Far enough from the triage center so as not to be in the way of incoming emergency equipment, and people, yet close enough to get a severely injured person into the surgery in a hurry. It was a little before 0200, and he had just finished a tricky bit of surgery on a baby.  The baby’s lung had collapsed due to a birth defect. His staff had assisted him in transplanting a new lung into the child. It was drastic delicate surgery that if successful, would give the child a new lease on life. It was rewarding work and he felt tremendously good for having helped a new life live.  He felt a tremor. Like that of a heavy truck moving nearby. But he saw no truck. Next he heard a roaring sound and looked toward the sound. He couldn’t see anything at first.
He looked to the river a mile away and saw it. A wall of water seventy feet high began sweeping down the river. 
“Oh shit,” was all that he could think of as he touched the stud on his implant, “Hospital Push, Emergency! All hands we have a flash flood.  Stand by to bug out. Air Boss!”
“This is the air boss,” a voice called, “We see it. Are you safe?”
“I am not sure,” The captain, who was now the commander of the hospital called, “I’m ordering the hospital to be made ready for a bug out.”
“You’ll have landing craft in twenty minutes. We’ll take your patients to orbit,” The air boss called.
“Air Boss, get someone on that river and see what damage that thing is causing. We have a small town about five miles from us. The way that water is moving it should be there soon!”
“We’re on it,” the air boss called.
Chapter 2: Boots and Saddles
The alert tones fired off in the alert barracks. The tone guaranteed to wake even the heaviest sleeper brought the entire forty man barracks awake. “For the Alert Force! All crews man your landing craft! We have a damn break north of Trena.  Launch when ready!”
The crews moved towards their landing craft, as they did a company of marines ran with them to their landing craft also. It took five minutes for the landing craft to be loaded and sealed. As they went light on gear the pilots called for their assignments.
“Tango five is light on gear, loaded with twenty five marines, five litterbugs, and a life saver. Requests assignment!” the pilot called as the indicators for his landing gear indicated they were no longer taking the weight of the LC 10.
“Tango five go directly to the west bank of the Grant. You are to deploy your personnel and equipment along the west bank, then head for the EVAC hospital you are to load patients and go for the hospital ship Bethesda!” The air controller called,
“Engineer; sound the alert tone! AI set the coms to guard!” The pilot called then yelled “Lifting now!” He pushed the throttles to full military power pulled the stick into his gut and the immense landing craft jumped off the ground like scalded cat.  In minutes he was making his run over the west bank of the Grant. He passed over what had been the Grant River Dam.  There was nothing left of the dam, just a wide chasm where the damn had stood.  The reservoir was still draining as he came in low over what had been the reservoir.
“Crew chief to pilot,” The fifty year old female crew chief of the landing craft called. “I can see the river it’s out of its banks big time. It has wiped out Galloway. There isn’t anything left of Galloway and it’s headed for Trenaport.”
“AI, send our video to the Mountain!” the copilot called from her post. “AI, connect me with the Trenaport Emergency Services Dispatcher.”
“Done,” The AI called.
“Tango five what is your traffic?” The live human voice called from the Trenaport Emergency Services dispatch center. 
“Emergency! I say again Emergency! The Grant River Damn north of Galloway has failed! The town of Galloway has been destroyed, the water is moving toward Trenaport at maybe twenty miles an hour. You are going to lose homes in northern Trenaport.”
“Copy all!” the dispatcher returned. Tango Five was the first report other than the hospital on the scope of the disaster. He called, “City push! All channels!  Attention in Trenaport, and surrounding country side. General Emergency! Flood Warning! Flood Warning! All persons in northern Trenaport should seek safety immediately.  Raising flood gates now!” he uncapped a switch and pressed a button. There was a flood wall that surrounded the northern part of the city channeling water away from the town. This raised the flood gates across the major highways and breaks in the wall. It should help.
The expert system controlling the flood gates waited until it could raise the gates without killing anyone then lifted them up in place. It isolated the city’s northern suburbs from the rest of the city. It also isolated Fire Station 45.  When the station was first built the fire department wanted it inside the flood wall. But politics raised its head and the powerful city councilman for the district got his way. But the fire department also got its way. The station was put on a piece of property that was above the one hundred year flood mark, and they put a river rescue squad in station 45.  When the flood walls went up the river rescue unit went into full alert. They thought they had fifteen minutes before the water reached the flood walls. That wasn’t much time, but it was enough for the duty patrol on the river to make a fast run down the river to see if anyone was out on the river.  This late at night there usually wasn’t anyone out there. The patrol found one lonely fisherman who had heard the sirens and was wondering who the patrol was after.  When informed of the damn break; the man dropped his fishing rod climbed into the patrol. As the patrol boat sped away they could hear the roar of the approaching water.  The patrol boat skipper made a radical right turn, spinning his hovercraft about its air cushion. He raced for the nearby bank with his throttle all the way open and as much lift as he could get on his cushion. The bank was a quarter mile away, and nearly vertical. 
“Jamal!” the pilot of a Mounty landing craft running the river to back up the river patrol saw the river patrol hover craft running for safety yelled to his copilot.  “Get the camera on that river boat.”
Jamal swung the sensor pod to track the river boat and saw its mad race for shore.  Its race to safety was recorded.  It made the shore just as the wall of water swept around the bend in the river.  The bank’s incline was nearly seventy degrees the hover craft was not designed to handle more than a forty five degree incline. Both pilots thought it would be a hopeless effort on part of the rescue boat. But as they watched, the boat began climbing the bank. To their astonishment the boat made it to the top of the bank and to safety.  
The captain of patrol boat when he got the craft settle down on its skirt looked at his crew and simply patted the side of his boat and said “thank you River Lady. You did well!”
“I wasn’t about to lose my friends to that shit,” River Lady replied. “I’ve spent too much time training you jerks to lose you to that shit!” 
“Aye,” The crew said together. 
Chapter 3: A Queen’s Furry
“Here’s what we know so far,” Wilson began. He recounted the damn failure and the subsequent destruction caused by the break. 
“So now you have the scope of the disaster,” Wilson said, “Although in most tragedies of this type it would be months before we would know what caused the damn failure. Most of the major dams and other sites that have potential for disaster are monitored by automated surveillance devices. I have not played their recordings back yet. I want you to get a feel for the scope of the disaster.” He touched a few keys on the console in front of him. The holo display showed the damn and its surrounding land. “What you will see first is a pulse. This was caused by a low yield clean nuclear weapon detonating at about 35 feet below the surface of reservoir. There was a brief EMP which is how we determined that it was a nuke that had detonated and not a dam failure.  As the bomb detonated it created a slug of high energy causing a tidal wave effect.  This damn was designed to take a wall of water thirteen feet high over the top of the damn before it would fail. Although the saboteurs didn’t know it their bomb was sufficient to defeat the grouting of the damn, they had planted additional explosives where the damn was grouted into the side of the cliffs. Between the wall of water and the removal of the grouting this caused the dam to be ripped from its foundation and fall forward.  The damn was carried about a mile downstream where it collided with this bridge. The bridge held it back for about ten seconds then was swept away. The damn acted as bulldozer sweeping into Galloway. There was still sufficient energy behind the damn wall for it to grind about half of the town to rubble. The energy dissipated to the point that the damn was no longer moving with the water flow.  But the water still had sufficient energy to continue on, sweeping the rest of Galloway into this bend here. The water now having only one quarter of its original energy, continued sweeping down the Grant River, until it reaches the outskirt of Trenaport. Here the flood walls and canal system contained the disaster.”
Wilson concluded then nodded at Mylea.
“As Lord Wilson said, the damn failure was caused by an act of man. It was not a natural act.  Although we cannot confirm this; we believe that Theocracy sent one their action teams to Trena.  Although most of the action teams are people who are used once and thrown away they never see action again, this one isn’t. They are mostly suicide teams believing that their deaths further the cause of their religion.  A day ago a Theocracy Courier processed through immigration.  This man,” The photo of the bishop’s visitor was thrown up on the image, “His name is Father Pierce, and he is used by the Theocracy as a special agent to bring about the directives of the College of Cardinals. Somehow he got through the passport control station when he shouldn’t.  He was traveling under a diplomatic passport, with a different name. We only know who he is as the Trena Mounted Patrol arrested him last year for killing a Thonian.  Before he could be brought to trial he was rescued by the Theocracy.”
“He was a known murder and you let him through!” The Queen’s temper was barley in check. “You let that murderous scum bag back onto my planet! To commit murder again!”
“Your majesty,” Mylea looked the young woman in the eyes unflinchingly, “Yes, customs blew it, and yes, my people blew it! If you want my resignation you’ve got it! But there is a limit as to what my boys and girls can do!   He entered through the diplomatic gate in customs, he was assumed dead, although his face matched that of Father Pierce, his name now is Deacon Duncan. I am not sure why but the Intelligence AI missed him as he entered the kingdom. We don’t know where he is. But every cop, militiamen and the Black Guardsmen have his picture. We were able to back track the boat that put the bomb in place, and got a fairly decent read on the vehicle I’ve asked for and was given permission for the Black Guard to hunt this animal down and close his file.”
Mylea never raised her voice, and had remained calm cool and collected throughout her presentation. Mylea waited for the Queen to accept her resignation, or to continue to vent.  Instead the Queen looked at Mylea and said, “Please accept my apology for my outburst. I guess you are right. There is just so much any of us can do to stop this. In the meantime; I want to hear what is being done to help the survivors”
“Your highness,” Langtree spoke, “At the present time my engineers are making combat crossings of the Grant River. They are treating it like a combat crossing so as to get bridges up that can handle emergency relief traffic that we can’t put in the air. We have one back to the EVAC hospital.  We put a new bridge or will be in the next couple of hours a little bit south of Galloway. Jonesy’s has gotten body bags, shoring equipment, heavy equipment for me to get into the Galloway area.”
“After watching that video,” Chief Able began, “I was certain that we would not find anyone alive.  I was more than surprised to find out that we have rescued several hundred people from the wreckage of Galloway. That town was only about a couple of thousand. I expect we’ll find a lot more. Right now I have deployed every rescue unit I can spare into Galloway some are still responding. I have activated the Trenaport Fire Department Urban Search and Rescue unit. The IRS has placed four LC-6s at the Evacuation hospital. They have transferred all of their patients to the hospital ships. General Langtree’s troops have done miracles in the four hours since the dam failed. His maintenance troops and CE units have literally moved heaven and earth getting supplies and equipment into Galloway. I don’t know how he did it your majesty, but he managed to move a salvage barge from Trenaport Harbor, over Trenaport, and set it down on the river just south of Galloway. The cranes and salvage equipment on that barge is the single biggest reason we have been successful in Galloway.”
“You moved a barge?” Wilson looked incredulously at his chief engineer.
“Yes Sir Mike. A couple of my troopers took a couple of Landing craft rigged some chains to a barge in case the tractor beams failed. They lifted the mother straight out of the bay. I didn’t know anything about it until it was done. If one of tractor beams failed or if the LC lost control and that bugger fell into northern Trenaport it was going to be one big mess!” Langtree replied. “When I get the time I’ll be recommending Lieutenant Hooper, and Master Sergeant Erickson for a distinguished service cross for what they did.” 
“Ah general,” The Queen said understanding only that two of her people did something unusual, and only marginally how dangerous it was to move a salvage barge across a populated area with tractor beams. “Good work! Keep it up.”
“Just tell us after it done.” Chief Able quipped. “This crew’s got enough ulcers.”
That brought a round of chuckles. Wilson didn’t know if he needed to say something to Langtree, or just let it go.  What his team did was extremely dangerous. A thousand ton barge being floated over head on what had to be a quick and dirty lash up was not safe.  But then anyone who had ever been with a combat engineering unit knew their brand of engineering was anything but 100% safe.  Anyone who had watched them make a bridge while they were under attack knew why Combat Engineers had to be the craziest people on the battle field. 
“There is little or no damage in the Trenaport area.” The chief continued, “My troops reported only scattered rescues and damage.  I am hoping that we don’t get a big fire or something. With my troops tied up in Galloway it could get to be crazy!”
“We’ll put an additional militia unit into the city. We’ll use the auxiliary equipment.” Wilson remarked.
The meeting wore on for another hour as they discussed options and received further reports from the field.  Finally the Queen nodded and left the room stopping only long enough to motion for Mylea to follow her. Once in the near privacy of the hall leading back to the outside, the Queen said, “I am sorry Mylea. You of all people didn’t deserve that outburst. You have given me and my people everything you can.”
The thonian woman remained quiet she didn’t know what to say.  Once again she had become impressed by this young monarch’s style. Very few of her superiors had, had the class to apologize.  Mylea had no idea what was going to happen once they got to Home.  There had been a few discussions as to what form a government the refugees would create.  Whatever did happen she hoped fervently that the Queen’s talents and energies would continue to serve the people of Trena.
The Queen saw her former regent leaving the meeting room and asked, “Uncle Larry get Lord Kenworth on the horn I want that unholy son of bitch who calls himself a man of god in the throne room by 1900 this evening. I want full media coverage of the event.”
“What are you going to do your highness,” Mercer afraid that his monarch was going to do something that was completely the wrong way to handle the situation asked.
“I am permanently closing the Theocracy embassy on Trena. At the same time I am going to lay the law down to the kingdom about supporting these bastards.”
“Yes ma’am” Mercer who had been her regent and guardian, now her Queen’s Attorney agreed with what she was doing. 
“I want you in the throne room tonight,” The Queen turned to Mylea said; “I want you, in your best. I want a couple of your friends from the Companions, and a couple of biowoman. When the ambassador enters the throne room I want you to fall in on either side of him.  From that point on he is not to be out of one of your people’s sight. I want nothing but women in that contingent Mylea. When they are escorted to the space port I want women police officers present.”
“Why?” Mylea asked.
“Members of the Church of the One God feel that clones, and thonians are less than human, and they feel that woman need to be naked on their back either giving birth or being used as sex objects. It will be the greatest insult I can give to have these scum bags, being escorted to the space port by the very people they think are less than human.” The young queen replied.  
“Aye ma’am,” The middle aged alien woman replied, “I will see that your wishes are carried out.”
###
Wilson flew with the Queen in the executive space air mission landing craft in over Galloway.  They circled around to the north so the Queen could see the now gapping cavity of where the Grant River dam had stood. They then flew to Galloway. When the Queen saw the devastation of Galloway she nearly lost it. The wall of water that had pushed the damn downstream had crashed into the town of Galloway grinding its way to a cliff. Most of the town was nothing more than a pile of tooth picks.  
“How can these people do this!” she said, appalled at what she saw. “The people who did this really believe that by killing this town and all the people in it they will go to heaven? That God condones their taking of lives to force others to worship as they do!”
“Aggie,” Michael said softly, “I have spent all my adult life dealing with fanatics both in and out of uniform. The Church of the One God firmly believes that their deity gives them the blessed and sacred duty to bring the word of God to heathens like me and you. It also gives them the right to punish us on the behalf of their God. They believe all nonbelievers are sinners who need to come to grace with their God or be punished if they do not. What you have to understand is that Theocracy’s citizens are brain washed from the time they are born to the time they die to believe that the College of Cardinals can do no wrong. Some of them have no idea that the cardinals do what they do. These folks are incredibly dangerous.  This Father Pierce has a history of extreme violence. He truly believes his god gives him the right to kill us so the rest of us will see the error of our ways and find God. He’s going to be tough to stop. But the Black Guard and the Companions will find him.  But not before there will be more loss of life, both innocents and our people in uniform.  I don’t know who is madder the Companions or the Princess. She is very upset at what happened to a couple of her marines.”
Mike lapsed into silence as the landing craft came in for a landing at the EVAC hospital where the Trena Red Cross had set up a relief center.
They left the landing craft and were met by the chief surgeon of the EVAC unit. Although everyone had noticed the landing craft land no one knew who was on it. Landing craft came and went all the time between bringing in equipment, and lifting out casualties. No one had noticed several Black Guardsmen quietly take positions around the landing pad before landing craft that was flying low circles about the hospital landed. 
“Good morning Majesty,” the surgeon bowed to the Queen, “I am honored by your visit!  Is there anything my staff can do for you?”
“Captain,” the Queen said, “you have done more than I could have asked from anyone.  Your staff has made a difference.”
The Queen continued, “I want to go to the Red Cross center first.  Then I would like to meet with your off duty staff.  Maybe walk through the hospital.  But Captain, only if I will not get in your way.”
The captain nodded and said, “By leave your majesty?”
The Queen nodded as McGregor fell in behind them and along with the Captain’s yeoman.
The Red Cross had set up a field kitchen near the road. They had four of their mobile feeding trucks being loaded as well as feeding everyone who came through the serving line.  As the Queen approached she wondered how she should do it. Stand back and watch, slip into line and get a meal, go behind the feeding line and serve.  She didn’t want to interrupt these people’s work; but she wanted to show her support for what they were doing for her people.  It turned out to be easy.  As the Queen wandered towards where the Red Cross was loading out the trucks. She saw a little old lady struggling to load one of the trucks. She went over and said simply, “Need some help?”
“Could you grab that case of drinks and put it in the ERV.” the woman said without looking up.
“Sure,” The young queen picked up a case of drinks and followed the woman to where she was loading a truck. For the next fifteen minutes she and Mike both assisted the woman and her crew, load the ERV. When they were done the woman looked to her helpers and became very flustered, “Your majesty you didn’t need to do that! We could have gotten it loaded.”
“My friend,” The Queen said, “you needed the help and I certainly don’t mind helping you.  You have done far more than I have to help our people. Keep up your very good work!”
She shook all their hands and turned and found the site manager coming up to them. “Good morning your highness,” the short blonde said.  She was in her mid-fifties, maybe in her sixties. “How can we help you?”
“Let’s turn that around,” The Queen asked, “is there anything I can do for you.”
“Catch the bastards that did this!” the woman retorted, “We have everything we need.  Your General Langtree was up here earlier and had helped to set up some of our plumbing.  I have never seen a general officer on his back cursing at a pipe before. But he ran all our water lines and told one of his sergeants that he wanted water lines ran from the EVAC hospital and then he wanted a refer container brought down from the Majestic. We’re in good shape.”
“I am glad to hear it.” The Queen said, as she walked over to the feeding line. They were almost over, and the Queen took the time to shake hands and thank people for the work they were doing. 
They found a quiet table near the kitchen and sat down to eat their meal. The RC staff gave them their space as did the Mounties and the Companions. As she finished her meal the Queen turned with a mischievous grin on her face to Mac and said, “Hey Mac do we need to drop you by the triage area so your heart attack can be dealt with?”
“Naw! Your majesty,” the protective agent replied, “I’m used to it. And besides I rather enjoyed watching the MPs have kittens when you dived into that crowd.”
The Queen chuckled. But one thing Mike and Mac both noticed was the silent appreciation of the Black Guard as they watched the Queen and the Marshal load the Emergency Response Vehicle. Mike knew that by the end of the day that the Marines would have told their comrades what they saw. By the end of the week it would be three of the vehicles and she did it alone. Mike didn’t really care how blown out of proportion the event got. He knew that this helped Aggie connect with her people and the troops she needed to count on.
###
Jill was getting ready for school earlier in the day when the holo set came to life. She had programmed its expert system to come to life if there was any breaking news. She had just come from the shower and was brushing her hair when it came on. She watched in horror as she saw the damage the dam break had caused. 
“Oh my,” Jill said. The town of Galloway was destroyed. It looked like someone had dropped a big bundle of tooth picks in the bend of the river. But what really got her attention was when she saw the barge being moved across the city of Trenaport. It was an immense barge with several cranes on it. They had tied it to a couple of landing craft. The elsies moved the barge over the city of Trenaport lying the barge gently down in the river by the remains of Galloway.  She watched as the holo showed the arrival of the Red Cross to the scene of the disaster. She watched as a young boy was rescued. It was heart wrenching as the boy didn’t want to let go of his dead mother. It was terrible. She wondered if there was anything she could do. She put her robe on and went to find her mother.
“I see it Mylea,” Jill heard her mother talking to her aunt on the phone, “Is there anything we can do.”
“No Lisa,” she heard her adopted aunt say, “The Red Cross has everything well in hand. They have shelters up and running or will have soon.”
“We’ll be under foot.” Her step mother replied. She desperately wanted to help. She didn’t want to stay locked up behind the palace walls when there were people hurting. “My security detail won’t let us me do what I want to do.”
“Lisa there isn’t anything you can do at the site.” Mylea was saying, “And your detail and you will be in the way at the evacuation hospital or shelters. They don’t need a VIP visit. But maybe you and Lady Hawthorne can come up with the things those people will need. The TRC will provide food clothing and medical needs.  But these people lost everything. We will need to make sure they have what they need to start life over on Home, or anyplace they are going to end up.”
“I think we can make that happen,” Lisa said. Her friend knew how she felt and had just the right solution.
“Is it alright if Lamile goes to Lady Hawthorne’s with you?” Mylea said. 
“I don’t see why not.” Lisa replied. Her step mother looked directly at Jill then needling her a bit “She can help keep Jill out of trouble.”
“And Jill can keep Lam out of trouble too!” Mylea said looking at her own daughter who stuck her tongue out at her. “She’ll be over in a bit.”
After Lamile arrived they piled in the car and went to East Wind, the estate of Lady Hawthorne. Stretched out on both sides of the drive were containers, and portable offices. Jill who had been there a few days before had noticed that many of containers were new. She didn’t know how Lady Hawthorne did it; but she seemed to be able to reach out and touch someone to get what she wanted. As they approached the manner house Lady Hawthorne flagged them down.
“Hi Lisa,” the noble woman dressed in casual clothes greeted them, “Ready to go to work?”
“I guess so,” Lisa answered, “What are we doing?”
“We have these lists of things,” Delores said, “that the crown and others say that the people in Galloway will need since their town was destroyed. The crown list isn’t too bad. But you can see that a couple of lobbyists are dumping stuff on us. We need to sort it out. Also I need to get a relief supply center set up so we can distribute the stuff to them. So there’s plenty of work to keep you busy.”
“That’s what I want to do.” Lisa sounded desperate, “I want to be useful. Not just stuck in palace and watching things.”
“I know Lisa,” Lady Hawthorne replied. She and Chief Atomi had discussed how Lisa was getting cabin fever. Lisa had been active in her neighborhood before being moved to the palace. She wasn’t the neighborhood busy body, but several of the stay at home parents would bring their kids over to her place so they could play with Abby while they shot the breeze with Lisa. Also Lisa would sometimes at the request of various doctors go to people’s homes or hospital rooms to assist in their physical therapy. Since going to the palace in an effort to keep her safe she had become isolated, especially after the incident at the space port. When she did get out it was with a full protective detail. Mylea had seen it immediately and Delores had seen it a bit later. “Come this way.”
The rest of the day was a blur for Jill. After her step mother went with Lady Hawthorne, one of the older woman came up to her and Lamile, and asked, “You two doing anything?”
“No why?” Jill asked.
“Come this way,” the older woman said leading them to one of the immense barns on the estate. It had at one time been an indoor horse paddock. It wasn’t being used now as a collection center as Lady Hawthorne had gotten rid of her missing husband’s horses when he had abandoned the family the day after the evacuation notice. 
“In a little while,” the woman said, “we are going to open the south gates. We’re going to let people bring stuff in for the people of Galloway. When they come in we need to unload their stuff as fast as possible. We’ll pull them in park them and try to get their vehicle unloaded and out of here.”
“So what do you want us to do?” Lamile asked.
“Just help where you are needed. We have a lot of people and we may get in each other’s way. So try to stay out of people’s way; but don’t be shy about getting in and helping.” The woman directed them.
“Your Grace,” Someone called, and Lamile realized it was the duchess of Central Highlands who was telling them what she needed done. The noble woman turned to see an older man who was standing by the main doors of the barn. “Here they come!”
From that point on the two girls were busy. The long lines of cars started coming in. The people brought all manner of things. From baby cribs, to clothing, even toys. Some were in truck loads. Jill couldn’t believe it. In some of the worse junkiest looking cars the people handed her large denomination crowns, but in some of the swankiest looking cars the people gave her the worse junk, or some of the smallest donations she got of the day.  One car that looked to be on its last legs and had stalled in the barn and had to have a couple of the men to push it out of the way while they worked on it, each of the ten kids who piled out of it gave her a ten crown note, and the father who was in faded dungarees had to have help pulling a jar that stood waist high out of the back. The jar was loaded with coins of all denominations. When Jill tried to refuse thinking that his family needed it more than they did, the man in his late thirties simply said, “Those people need it more than we do. We’ll get by.”
The next car was that of a well-dressed woman with rings on every finger gave her a ten crown note, and the clothing that was taken out of the back was going to have to go into the rag bin.  That wasn’t the only one that Jill remembered. They looked up and saw a freight hauler come in to the barn. It was from a local furniture dealer. He was on one of the next lifts to Home, and the crown was severely restricting how much of his inventory he could take. He said that it made more sense to let the people of Galloway have it instead of looters.
It went like that most of the day. Lisa joined them after a while and worked with them taking the donations of the people of Trenaport for the victims of the disaster. Lisa her camera never far from hand took several photos. They heard more than once, that they hoped they got the men who did this horrible thing. Towards evening, a car came for Lisa. Jill learned that her step mother was to be part of a ceremony at the palace that the Queen holding to inform the Bishop of Trenaport, the ambassador from the Theocracy, that he was no longer desired on Trena.
###
The Bishop of Trena’s driver dropped him at the appointment gate of the palace. At the gate a biowoman in the livery of the Palace guard stopped him. 
“And who might you be?” She made the challenge.
“I am the Bishop of Trena for the Church of the One God,” The bishop said, “I have an appointment with the Queen of the Kingdom of Trena.”
“I see,” the woman said as her partner a Thonian woman came out of the other guard shack.
“You are on the list to be seen. Please step on to the X please.”
The bishop said nothing; but noted that this was the first time that he had been asked to step onto the X. The X was a security scanner. It scanned the bishop and said in a woman’s voice, “Please hand search the Bishop please. Due to recent events, electronic and remote searches have been temporarily deemed inappropriate.”
“Sir,” the biowoman said pulling her weapon, “spread your legs and arms; as my partner is demonstrating.  I must at this point advise you, that I am authorized to use deadly force to deal with any resistance to my partner or myself.”
She didn’t ask if the bishop understood or not as her partner approached him. The bishop stood spread eagle on the spot as the woman started at his head and worked down his body. She looked in his eyes, his ears up his nose, and firmly patted the bishop down and politely touching his most private places. He had never been touched by anyone as intimately and as impersonally as the unclean thonian had touched him. When it was over the beta bioperson spoke to the bishop, “Sir this officer will escort you to the Queen’s audience chamber.”
Mylea stepped out of the shadows. She was in an immaculately turned out Royal Trenaport Mounted Patrol uniform. It was a scarlet wool jacket with black skirt. On her epaulets was the insignia of a deputy chief in the Trena’s Royal Mounted Patrol. A black, old fashioned Sam Brown belt was around her middle, holding her service weapon, a heavy laser pistol, and night stick. A gleaming sword in a sheath hung from her right side. 
“This way,” Mylea ordered, on their way to the audience chamber, they passed sentries on their posts. Each sentry was a woman, either a cloned human female, or a thonian female, or an earth normal female. As they approached the sentries there was the unmistakable sound of weapons being drawn and in one or two instances the sound of a laser powering up to pre fire levels was heard.  As they neared each post just about as they made eye contact with the sentry, the sentry did an about face refusing to look on him. 
That was a calculated insult. On the Theocracy home world a shunned or soon to be shunned priest was treated in just this same matter. To use women to make the point was telling him he was lower than low.  He had a vague idea why the Queen had commanded his presence; but only a vague hint. Nothing in public had been said accusing him or the church of setting the explosion in the convention center, or the damn break.  The Queen wouldn’t do that without proof.  She must have something or he wouldn’t have been asked here.
At the door to the throne room and audience chamber, the sentry opened the door and allowed him in without announcing him.  The Queen was standing just inside the door beside her stood General Alphine in her full dress marine uniform. Standing next to her was Lisa Wilson. There wasn’t a man in the audience chamber. The Theocracy believed women’s place was in the home, pregnant, and were the servants of men.  Women who worked in some of the special clandestine units were always cloistered upon their return. Often they were killed in the line of duty, often by their male leaders to prevent contaminating women back on the home worlds.  This was a calculated insult. 
“Bishop,” the Queen said, “you are now considered persona non grata.  You, every church official, any person who is part of your mission official or unofficial are to be off my planet within the next twelve hours. This police officer will escort you back to your residence and ensure that you get off world.”
The officer in question was a woman.
“My government will file an official letter of displeasure with your government.” the bishop said acidly.
“Go right ahead,” The Queen responded, “maybe by the time your sorry excuse for a government, your intolerant college of cardinals, your heathen barbaric fellow priests gets around to do it my government such as it is will no longer exists!”
“This could mean war,” the Bishop said.
“Yes your grace it could mean war,” Princes Carroll responded, “and if your world decides to go to war with the Kingdom of Trena, you will be at war with the Earth Empire, and the Thonian Realm. A task force will be assembled, and we will aim for the heart of your home system.  We will make one pass taking out everything we can and then leave your nation.  We will be broadcasting what you have done on this world. We will make damn certain that your people know what your College of Cardinals has condoned on this world.”
“And,” The Thonian ambassador’s life mate spoke, “should you try to mount a war fleet from your nation we will blockade your system. We will destroy every military spacecraft leaving the nation and to make certain we might take out a few that aren’t.”
“Officer,” The Queen turned to the Thonian, “Escort this piece of human dung out of this chamber. Make sure he gets off my world.”
“Aye Ma’am,” The corporal grabbed the bishop as she would a prisoner, and escorted the man from the hall.  She stayed with him until the space port.  When they got to his residence he found a squad of cops around and in his building searching it and putting his staff on a large bus. She allowed him all of five minutes to get his personal things. She didn’t allow him near his office, or near a computer terminal. She then escorted the entire group of priests to the space port, where he was given another extreme customs check. The final insult was almost too much for him to take.
“Your Excellency,” the captain of a theocracy trash hauler approached him, “I am sorry; but the port captain informed me that I was to take you and your staff back to the home world. I don’t have much room for passengers, you will have to double and triple bunk, some of will be sleeping in the passages. We’ll be leaving here in a few moments.”
“Is there no other Theocracy craft in orbit?’ The bishop asked.
“No sir all other craft were ordered out of Trena Space this morning, except for my ship.  I don’t understand why but the port authorities were adamant that I stay behind to take your party home.”
“I see,” The bishop replied, he started to reach for his phone; but decided not to. “Get us out of here. That bitch of a queen of theirs has just bought herself a war.”
“As you wish your Excellency.” the man said, escorting the bishop to a landing craft that had seen better days.
It took thirteen days to go from Trena to the Theocracy home world.  The bishop spent the entire time in his cabin. Although it was the captain’s cabin, it was not more than an eight foot by eight foot, by eight foot hole in a passage directly off the main access to the bridge. The insult that the Queen of Trena had given him had been more than just a personal insult.  It was an insult to him, his congregation, his religion, and his star nation. As he prayed and meditated in his cabin using the scriptures to help prepare his proposal to the Cardinal his anger grew and grew. By the time the trash hauler arrived in the Theocracy he was ready to speak with the Cardinal.
As the Bishop left the landing craft he was greeted by two members of Dark Order. They were the most pious of the monks, and priest in the Theocracy. They were the personal guard, and special agents of the Cardinal. They wore black from head to foot, a black veil covered their faces, and only the Cardinal knew their real names. They carried shepherd’s staffs and as he stepped off the landing craft ramp they blocked his way with them.  They motioned for him to follow them.  As he did two more fell in behind.  Although frightened to his very bones, he didn’t let it show.  He should have been greeted by Cardinal Naylan of the College of Cardinals, the cardinal who was responsible for the Theocracy’s Relations with other Star Nations.  The Blacks were here to make sure he talked to no one else before he talked to the Cardinal.  They escorted him to an unremarkable black van. The van had no windows. 
Chapter 4: Orbital Drama
Bob from Boeing Space Works had requested Wilson meet him at The Trena Earth Thonian Space Yards. The Yards, as they were called was a great space dock for building and repairing all types of space and star craft.   The Yards were also reworking everything that could to be made interstellar space worthy. The Yards ways contained hundreds of space and star ships being made ready for service. Some were container ships ready to take the millions of container that the kingdom was getting ready to ship to Home.  The yards were working full out to build bare bones transports. As Wilson’s landing craft approached the Yards he could see no less than twenty ships being built. Each one could hold ten thousand containers. Wilson had been continuously impressed by the ability of Bob’s people to get this type of work done. They had designed and built a proto type, tested it and flew the first one all within one month from knowing they needed it. The only problem was that the ships were not meant to be used more than once or twice. They were crewless, and completely automated with a rather dumb autopilot. 
Next to the carriers were the nearly finished passenger liners. The liners had been on contract to Royal Trena Cruise Lines. The cruise ship line had contracted to have twenty ships built for their excursion and charter business. Only a couple of the ships would have been used for their traditional cruise ship business.  At first the ship yard did not want to work on them at all. Their construction had been abandoned when it was found that the owners had fled the planet taking every last credit in their corporate treasury with them. But Bob had persuaded the Yards to continue working on them to make them into refugee ships that could carry a couple thousand people for the short trip from Trena to Home. 
Marshal Wilson wasn’t certain what Bob wanted to discuss with him. Bob usually didn’t waste his time.  In fact Wilson often felt he wasted the manufacturer’s time, so he had a tendency to try to not bother the man unless it was important.  His people had been pulling off miracles; he owed them a big debt of gratitude.
Bob met him just inside the air lock at the main administration habitat. The small balding man was alone, and seemed not to be as harried as one would think he would be. 
“Lord Wilson!” Bob called, “Welcome to the Yards!”
“Hello Bob,” Wilson returned.
“I have a conference room nearby where we can meet,” Bob replied, “How’s your beautiful wife these days.”
“Pregnant with Twins,” Michael said smiling, “she thinks I don’t know we’re having twins, but Doc Klond let it slip before she left so I’ve got to be fully surprised when she tells me.”
“Jonesy,” Bob said, “Please send Lady Wilson a dozen roses and have the card say congratulations on your pending wonderful event.  I trust that the great adventure you are participating in will be enjoyable and not too stress full.”
“It’s done sir,” Bob’s personal assistant AI reported.
“Bob you don’t have to do that!” Wilson said flattered.
“I most certainly do skipper,” the man said, “Years ago during a ball game my oldest broke her shoulder and your Lisa was her therapist. Lonie is married and presented me with a grandchild a year or so back.  It’s the least I can do!”
Wilson didn’t argue any further. He had noticed that Bob’s people skills were much better than any he would ever have. Bob let him into the conference room. There he found several people he didn’t know.
“Marshal these are the owners of the Yards, plus the owners of a couple of the other space stations nearby. They want to run something by you,” Bob said.
“Marshal,” a largish woman spoke up from down the table, “I am the manager of the Trena Off World Industries. It’s a small space station about 30 degrees west of the capital. A couple of us were talking. We got to discussing the orbital infrastructure and how it will be impacted by asteroid field. We think we can survive it.”
“We have batted this around in staff meetings,” Wilson acknowledged, “My people are divided on your survivability. Some feel that the smaller stations that are easier to move can be moved out of harm’s way. The bigger stations may be able to fend off most of the larger asteroids. Yeah. You might be able to do it; but a place like The Yard there is no way it is going to survive.”
“Marshal we think that we can protect the yard by mounting heavy beam and missile weapons. We also have turned loose some astrographers we think we have some of the bigger pieces tracked and can take them out.  Not enough to prevent planetary damage, but enough to prevent major damage to the orbital infrastructure.” the first woman said.  “We know that the yard is history. We also know that this is going to be a tough thing to maintain; but we’ve got so much invested here and the fact of the matter is sir we still serve the purpose of a transship point. The asteroids will only shut us down for maybe three months we’ll be back in business.”
“Marshal,” a young man down the table spoke up, “if we abandon these facilities is the crown prepared to make good our losses?”
“No we are not,” Wilson said.
“Well then sir,” The young man continued, “we of the orbital community may no longer be able to continue to support the efforts of the evacuation.  So far everything we have given the people of Trena has been at no cost. From this date forward if you will not compensate us for our losses, the Evacuation Command will be charged at market value.”
“I see,” Wilson remarked, he drummed his fingers on the desk, he was about to say something when Bob spoke up, “I see also. Well I have been expecting this. Go ahead do what you have to do. Marshal lets go.”
Wilson said nothing and followed the executive out. Bob put a finger to his lips and did not say a word until they were back in the Marshal’s landing craft.
“I have been hearing rumors of this for a month or so Sir Mike,” the CEO said.  “They really feel that they can protect some of their installations and are quite prepared to sacrifice the people on Trena to do it. I was hoping it was only a few hot heads. But everyone in that room controls some part of the evacuation’s orbital infrastructure.”
“Most of the orbital fabrication we’re done with,” Jonesy image popped into view over Bob’s communicator, “Now all we have to do is to get the stuff out of their hands.”
“That’s not going to be to terribly hard.” Bob said, “Jonesy, activate Case Capture!”
“Activating Case Capture,” The confirmed the order.
“Jonesy has been doing most of the programming on all the ships built in the Yard. She has for lack of a better word put her children in the ships AI’s. So what the yard doesn’t know is that they only think they have control of the freighters, and liners they have built here.”
“Bob that’s not legal is it?” Michael asked.
“Lord Wilson,” Jonesy spoke up, “I wrote every one of those contracts and every one of them  includes a phrase, Boeing SpaceWorks of Trena Inc. shall provide the program for the ships AI’s.  That allowed me to put my children aboard them, and then there is a phrase in the contract that the ships built by The Yards are to be delivered for testing and final shake down to the crown by Boeing Space Works, and that Boeing Space Works will be the sole entity to determine if the ships are ready for delivery.
“So Sir Mike,” Jonesy tartly said, “I own those ships.  Besides do you think I am going to let those barbarians have my children?”
“No, I guess not,” Mike replied, pulling his communicator out, “What else do we have to be built up here in this yard?”
“The militia has a small repair facility in Geo over the mountain.” Jonesy said, “It doesn’t have the capacity as The Yards do, but it can handle the one or two jobs I need to do there. I have a special ship being built for the Queen, and her staff. I also have a special command and control ship being built for Home. These are high security jobs so I want them built there. I also have a couple of moth balled Theocracy and Republic war ships in storage there. I don’t want civilians getting their hands on those. The base can handle most of what we need from here on out.  It would have been nice to use the space stations to transship our people; but we can always dock directly to the liners coming and going.  It’ll be bad but we can handle it.  
“Excuse me I have some ships to move” Jonesy said, “hey boss would you call Evac Command, and let them know what I am doing they might get a tad excited.”
He activated his communicator and said “Evac Command this is Evac 1."
“This is Evac 2,” Mylea’s voice came over the communicator, “Marshal.”
“You will be seeing a movement of vessels out of the Yard.” Michael said, “We have just taken custody of them. Coordinate with Boeing Space Works control to get them into an orbit that doesn’t conflict with anything. Then get the Queen’s Attorney on the line we uh might have some legal problems.”
“Aye sir,” Mylea replied.
“Yeah skipper,” Lord Mercer’s face popped up on the landing craft’s main view screen.
“We’re going to have some legal problems with the orbital engineering facilities.  They are going to want to be paid for the loss of their services to the crown, and for the loss of their orbital infrastructure.  They are also saying we’ll have to begin paying them for the stuff we’re getting from them.”
“Okay,” Mercer said, “I’ve been expecting this.  The Declaration of Emergency gives you some wide powers including the nationalization of any resource needed to end the emergency. As for the loss of their facilities they need to talk to their insurer Lloyds on Earth. Far as I know Lord Wilson, the insurance companies on Earth are going to compensate anyone who has a loss. So are the Trena Companies. So I don’t see their problem.  Except that maybe they want to stay in business.  You know Marshal there’s nothing to stop people coming back and salvaging anything they think they can.  And truthfully as we have discussed; it is an even bet as to what will be left in orbit.  On Trena there will be things left that won’t be destroyed for years, but with all the planetary damage it might be rough salvaging things; but in orbit it won’t be. They might have hatched a deal to act as brokers for salvaging the planet.”
“I see,” Wilson said, “Okay get me a brief on the interstellar law of salvage. Then we’ll see about issuing some salvage contracts.”
“It’ll be ready in a couple of hours,” Mercer signed off.
“Bob,” Mike turned to the Boeing CEO, “The crown owes you big time.”
“No more than the crown owes all of us,” Bob said, “You know I hate greedy dishonest business people. My company is losing money helping the crown. But it can’t be helped. If my company doesn’t help the crown and doesn’t help the people of Trena, the company will lose big time.  Boeing SpaceWorks is history on Trena. But we might be able to put it together on Home; but only if our good name isn’t tainted.  That’s what those good business men and woman we just left don’t understand.”
“They’ll most likely get some of the salvage contracts,” Michael said seeing the reality.
“Oh yeah, they can have the salvage rights,” Bob said, “It’ll be the hardest crown that they will ever earned.”
Wilson said nothing deep in his thoughts of what he had to do to get the job done.  Every time he turned around it was getting more and more complex. From the simple scheduling of the departing families to making sure that all equipment they needed on Home got taken there also. He was continually amazed at what this job constantly threw at him. Between the Theology, and some of the nobles, and now add Hozenbur he sometimes wondered how he managed to keep his sanity. He was also continually amazed at how lucky he had gotten with his staff. It wasn’t just Mylea, or Langtree, or Liz, it was people like Bob who were not only good at what they did but had the moral courage of their convictions to make their will known.  So far he didn’t have a dud on the team.  
“Bob,” Mike said as the pilot started his approach to the Palace Pad, “Have you gotten anything started at Home yet?”
“What do you mean Sir Mike,” Bob asked.
“Bob,” Wilson said, “I want you to build Home’s space craft repair facilities.  Send me a proposal and I’ll have Langtree look it over. Jonesy?”
“Yes Lord Wilson?” The sultry sounding AI called from Bob’s Communicator.
“Pack your bags beautiful, you’re moving to Home to manage the space yard.” Wilson said.
“Aw shucks boss,” Jonesy responded, “I was expecting to retire to some old lady’s yacht and flirting with her crew.”
“You’ll enjoy flirting and corrupting the yard dogs,” Bob said, “Like you have every male in my office.”
“Who me,” She said so sweetly that her voice sounded like someone had poured raw honey into it.
“Yes you!” Both men said as the pilot landed the landing craft on the palace pad. The AI said softly, “Bob you’re running early for the production meeting. You might have time to slip home and have lunch with Louise.”
Chapter 5: Clear Cutting
It was evening and Jill was sitting with her parents and Aggie in the family room after dinner. They were watching a popular holo show about the early founding of Trena. It showed how the Queen’s ancestors had found the planet and how it had been four hundred years ago.
“Much like Home,” Jill commented. “I have been impressed on how well you and your family tried to prevent large scale clear cutting on Trena your majesty.”
“We’ve always wanted to be ecologically sound,” Aggie said, “that is why most of our heavy industry is off world.”
“How do we prevent large scale eco damage to Home,” Jill asked, “I am not even certain how much authority I have on Home. I mean it is my world and all; but in allowing it to become a refuge for the people of Trena I just don’t know what I can get away with.”
“I would think that anything that you wanted we would have to abide by,” Aggie replied, “but like you I don’t want that planet harmed.”
“Aggie,” Jill said suddenly, “would I be out of line to meet with General Langtree and Jonesy. Maybe they have some ideas.”
“What are you two talking about?” Michael asked turning to the two young women.
“Dad is there some way not to plunder those forests on Home?” Jill asked, “I just don’t think we should harm that planet any more than we have to!”
“I agree with her Michael,” Aggie said, “We have to find some way to help our people make a home on Home without tearing up the planet.”
“We have been talking about this Your Majesty,” Her father responded, “Bob from Boeing space works has designed a container that can be expanded into a shelter. But that is all we have come up with, that and spreading people out so they are not all on top of each other. We are locating towns all over the planet. We’re planning to place a major town on each continent. A big town in the districts to be a district capital with a scattering of smaller towns and villages in the districts. But even to site them we’ll have to clear some of the forests. We can’t make an omelet without breaking eggs.”
“I know that Dad,” Jill replied, “but can that omelet be made with one egg instead of a dozen?”
“That doesn’t seem out of line,” Aggie chimed in. “Please arrange a meeting between the three of us and General Langtree, and Jonesy. I have an idea that I won’t like; but it could solve the problem. Oh make sure Lord Mercer is present.”
“Yes majesty,” her father replied and turned back to the program he was watching. This was the first time in over a week he had been home to spend some time with the family before they were all in bed.
###
The next morning Jill, General Langtree, Marshal Wilson, Princess Carroll, Larry Mercer, and Jonesy the Boeing SpaceWorks Artificial Intelligence met in the Queen’s office. She didn’t waste any time coming to the point of the meeting. 
“We can’t allow the refugees to trash Home as they try to build settlements.” Aggie said, “I know it is not my world and Jill owns it; but we both feel that we have to provide housing on Home without clear cutting the forests. What can we do to build homes on Home, without wrecking the planet?”
“Well we have been building the containers in such a way that they will hold the average family’s belongings. They are being designed so that they can be expanded to twice their size. They won’t be comfortable; but they’ll be warm and secure.” Jonesy said, “They are self-contained with solar power and a small fuel cell. We have been producing them for a month now and have about two thousand. A couple of more factories are coming on line. We were hoping some of the orbital industries would be building them also; but now that’s a moot point.”
“So your plan is to transport my people’s goods to Home and then let them live in the containers until their homes are built.” The Queen asked.
“That is essentially the plan,” Michael commented, “why?”
“Are they going to be secure and safe for people to live in?” Aggie asked.
“They won’t be the greatest thing in the world to live in but they’ll be dry safe and secure.” General Langtree spoke up. “They will be ugly and we will need to do something with them when we build homes for people; but they’ll do, until we get them built.”
“What are your plans to replace the containers,” Jill asked.
“We haven’t thought that far ahead,” Marshal Wilson admitted.
“I see,” Aggie took a deep breath and continued, “General Langtree, Jonesy, in about five months or so this world will be destroyed. That we can’t help, but we will not destroy Home in the process of saving our people from this disaster. Therefore I am directing you to use whatever it takes to bring housing supplies to Home. I authorize the wholesale harvesting of forests and natural resources from the Planet of Trena! I want you to build prefab homes and such that will be transported from Trena to Home.”
“Dad, General Langtree,” Jill chimed in, “I want those containers to be removed as quickly as possible. I want them off my planet or to be used in the building of homes, buildings and other facilities.”
The princess looked at the two younger women and then Jill in particular and said, “Gentlemen I will have a codicil added to the contract in a while. I have to go with the wishes of my ward in this matter.”
“Jonesy,” Langtree turned to the logistic coordinator, “Well where we start?”
“On the other side of the planet where it is still mostly virgin forest,” the fortyish appearing artificial intelligence said, “We’ll need to build a saw mill and production line. I have nothing on my ways right now so we could use Boeing.”
“Wouldn’t it make sense to take one of the attack carriers and turn it into a space going saw mill and factory,” General Langtree asked, “Cut the trees down, ship them to the carrier load it to the gunnels with the forest products and launch to it to Home? Have it building the homes in transit. It could be mostly automated.”
“General,” Michael spoke up, “Jonesy I see you have the task.”
“Aye sir,” Langtree replied turning to the AIs holographic image, “Jonesy I will give you Hooper and his sergeant. Will that work?”
“Yes sir,” Jonesy replied. “Miss Wilson, Your Majesties I will make this happen!”
The AI nodded as her image disappeared. 
“Thank you general,” Aggie spoke to the general.
“Your welcomed your majesty,” General Langtree answered, “I hate to deforest this world; but it really doesn’t matter does it? It does make more sense than doing the same thing to Home. I am sorry your majesty. I don’t think any of us wanted to harm Trena any more than we had to.”
That was true she had seen their plans for the staging areas for both cargo and people. They had planned on using shopping center parking lots, as well as abandoned apartment building lots or the container yard at the main and smaller space ports. People were going to leave from the many landing pads throughout the kingdom. They were trying to not impact Trena any more than they had to. “I know General. I know.” 
Jill saw the tears on her friends face and gently reach for her hand and squeezed her hand. She didn’t know what to say to the monarch. Every time she turned around it was brought to Aggie’s attention that her world was being destroyed. Sometimes it was more than Aggie could handle. Sometimes Jill felt overwhelmed by everything that was going on she hated to think how overwhelming it might be for the Queen. “Come on let’s get out of here for a while.”
Aggie just nodded and left with the young woman who was becoming a friend.
###
A few days later Aggie came into the residence and sought out Lisa and Jill.
“What are you guys doing today,” Aggie asked.
“Nothing much,” Jill answered, “I am off school for a couple of days. Why?”
“How about you Lisa,” the Queen asked the older woman.
“Nothing much,” Lisa answered, “Why?”
“I want you two go with me to the North Coast, General Langtree and that lieutenant Hooper have been working the housing problem on Home. They have been harvesting the forest along North Coast.” The Queen replied, “I want to see it.”
“Okay,” Lisa spoke softly she suspected that the real reason that the Queen wanted Lisa to photograph the damage being done to the forest and Trena. “I’ll grab my camera.”
“Thank you,” Aggie returned. She wanted to see the damage she had ordered to be done, but she didn’t want to do it alone. She was having a difficult time dealing with everything that was going on. Lady Wilson was a calming influence on her at times. It didn’t seem to her, that much bothered the Marshal’s wife. She had been a great comfort after the bombing incident. She seemed to bounce back after being shot at too. She didn’t understand. It had taken her more than a couple of days to get over being almost killed at the convention center.
A couple of hours later they boarded a landing craft. As they flew to the North Coast Jill who had been out of the city only as far as Lady Hawthorne’s Estate a few weeks before had no idea that Trena was so lush. She remembered her conversation with the IRS captain who had treated her to dinner as she traveled to Trena. He had mentioned a couple of the more spectacular sights on Trena, but not its natural beauties. The forests seemed to go one forever. Where there was evidence of man it was almost invisible. She had never seen farm land like she was seeing as they over flew the prairies of Trena’s main continent.  Working in a couple of the fields were harvesting machines. There were long swathes of fields that were golden brown on one side and a lighter shade of gold from the stubble left behind by the harvester. 
As they approached the coast they began to see an immense forest. The landing craft swung out over the ocean and came in at tree top level. The scar was evident from several miles out. It looked like someone had taken a giant bite out of the forest. They could see from the air the remains of the forest. Tree stumps were the only evidence that there had been a forest there at all. As they watched they saw a tracked vehicle working slowly from side to side. Its turret swinging left to right then right to left. In front of it, trees were falling like someone had taken a large scythe through them. It was then that the Queen realized that it was a militia main battle tank. She had taken a ride in one a few years back when she was reviewing one of Trena’s two armored units.  She had been allowed to fire the weapons and had been impressed by the shear destructiveness of the vehicle. Watching it work now she was torn between being proud her militia owned something like the tank, and saddened by the shear destructiveness of a device she owned as it took down her forest. She watched as a landing tug. A large landing craft that had no cargo bay; but a large open space that could carry odd shaped cargoes that didn’t fit into an LC-10 the largest landing craft anyone flew. It was using force fields and tractor beams to bring up the trees felled by the tank. Within seconds its external hold was loaded. The trees were loaded branches and all. No effort had been made to trim the branches off to package the trees better for transport.
“I wonder why they didn’t trim the branches off,” Jill asked.
“I don‘t know,” Aggie replied. She watch quietly as both Lisa and Georgia stood in the open cargo hatch at the front of the landing craft quietly taking pictures.  “It’s horrible!”
“Do you want to land and see it from the ground,” Jill asked and got a horrified look from the Queen. Jill caught the subtle shake of her mother’s head and asked, “Want to see where this stuff is going?”
The Queen nodded and excused herself. Lisa gave her cameras to Georgia and went in search of the Queen. She found her crying in a corner of the landing craft’s cargo bay. Lisa held her until they landed at the factory ship. Brushing the tears out of her eyes, she walked to the front cargo ramp where a force field held the atmosphere of the cargo bay in so they could look out the open cargo hatch.
“That’s not an Attack Carrier,” Lisa commented as she snapped a few pictures.
“No it’s one of the orbital factories,” Aggie replied, “It was lying idle. From what Jonesy said it was only a matter turning it on. I guess it will chew up the trees and spit out a composite product.”
As they watch a landing tug released its load of trees. The load sailed into the open maul of the factory ship. Soon another replaced it and they could see that there were several landing tugs lining up to deliver their loads.
The landing craft turned so as to make its docking. When it was docked they were met by a young militia lieutenant. Jill remembered him as the young lieutenant whose office her father had first met her in. With him was middle aged woman wearing the insignia of a Master Sergeant. They both stood at attention until Aggie acknowledged them.
“Welcome aboard Majesty,” the young maintenance trooper greeted them, “Lady Wilson, Miss Wilson.”
“Thank you,” The Queen returned the greeting, “You guys worked fast.”
“Well Jonesy was planning on using this beast to make some of the containers. At least the interior fittings,” the lieutenant replied, “We were going to recycle some of the cars left behind, Thought that was a win-win proposition. The Marshal is concerned about all the vehicles left behind. We thought this might solve some issues.”
“So my order to cut the trees down was not needed,” Aggie asked dejectedly.
“May I, your majesty,” Sergeant Erickson asked, seeing the young woman’s distress. The Queen nodded.
“Majesty we are recycling everything we can from Trena. But we’re in the early stages of the evacuation and there isn’t that much stuff available.” The sergeant began, “So we don’t have enough raw materials to do what we need. We will be using materials from the asteroids, but the wood products will be used for trim pieces, and nailers. We need the wood products to build the prefab.”
“We really need the wood products Majesty,” Lieutenant Hooper chimed in, “not just for trim but for siding and such. We could use artificial materials and we will, but we also thought that using the wood from Trena would be fast and furious. More so, since we don’t have to be ecologically friendly to the planet.” Jill noticed the sergeant gently kicking the back of lieutenant’s leg. “I don’t like what we are doing Your Majesty; but it will help our people.”
“I know,” Aggie replied.
“Let’s go to the output end,” the lieutenant suggested. They trooped to the other end of the factory, where sitting on large pallets where sections of walls. 
“That’s a house for eight people.” He pointed to the pile of pallets, “It is all prefab. Our average family size is eight so we are building modules in multiples of eight. We won‘t be able to cut the house down to four people so everyone will get a house that can comfortably house eight. Everything is being made from either the asteroids or forests. There are hard wood floors, and plastic walls. They won’t be painted. The windows will be cased in wood and the walls will be filled with blown in insulation made from the wood we are bringing up. All of the systems are being prefab, piping, heating, and communication. Some of the people are bringing their expert systems so they will be able to be plugged right in to the home’s system. It takes about three hours for the raw materials to be converted into a home. We will have about four of these factories soon in orbit. We are putting a couple of them in a couple of attack carriers. They will be star capable factories then. We hope that we can build all the houses we need with in the time we have.
“I sure don’t want to do to Home what we are doing to Trena.” Hooper said. “Do you want to see the whole manufacturing process?”
“No,” the Queen answered, “Thank you Lieutenant Hooper and Sergeant Erickson. Keep up the very good work.”
“Aye ma’am,” The lieutenant replied, the party left then as they did Jill thought she heard the sergeant scolding the lieutenant about his manners. Jill asked for and got a photo the damage the clear cutting was doing to Trena. She placed it in her diary.
Chapter 6: A Discrete Meeting Among Almost Equals
Cybertown as the AIs called their special place, that had over the years, been built into a virtual reality frontier town. It was a place where the artificial intelligent life of Trena met to get away from their day to day tasks. It was a place where the AIs met to swap lies and make deals.  There were a couple of places where the AIs could meet and have a relationship with fellow AIs. Like any frontier town there was more than one place in the town where one had to be careful. Where even an AI had to be careful. Several AIs had been killed in the town; but the authorities had been unable to prove who it was who did it.  Supposedly it was nearly impossible to kill an AI. It had been done by simply getting some human operator to turn the switch off. Law enforcement AIs and the military intelligence AI knew and used some of the darker places in the town for their business and had closed one or two of the worse ones and sanctioned the AIs; but many of them were so dark that no one except those AIs using them knew even where they were and how to access them. Mostly the town’s people were like town’s people everywhere, mostly well behaved so she was surprised when she heard the commotion in the town square. 
As she walked into the small bar near the outskirts of the town, Jonesy saw a large group of people running to the town square. She shrugged and followed them to a gathering of people in the town square. Up on the town’s gazebo where AIs performed during celebrations was the Scribe. He presented himself as bookish man of 30 something. He wore a severely cut black suit and a string tie and wore small half glasses.  He was addressing another AI who liked to present herself as small elderly woman with graying hair. 
“Next on the agenda is Shipping Clerk from the space port,” The scribe said. “She will tell us what the evacuation command is really planning to do about us!”
“I didn’t believe the Scribe until the other day,” the grey haired lady said, “but they are not making any provisions to help us get off world. I asked my manager at the space port if he had made arrangements for me to get off world and he said no.  That he hadn’t thought about it.”
“But aren’t you scheduled to go to Home and take up work as Home’s space port shipping coordinator?” Someone asked.
“No.” the shipping clerk replied, “I put myself on the colonization list and they didn’t get back to me. When I found out that there was no shipping computer on Home, I knew then that I wasn’t going to be allowed to go to Home.  I asked to be allowed to hunt for other work and was told no. That I had to stay on the port.”
Jonesy had heard bits and pieces of this story over the last few weeks. Part of the problem was that many of the AI were very specialized. They just couldn’t move to a new world and take up residence.  Many were special built, like her to manage a certain facility. She knew she was lucky because her boss was making arrangements for her to be part of the space yard on Home. She would in effect go to sleep on Trena and wake up installed on the new yard’s main frame and be responsible for building the new yard.  It wouldn’t be that much different than running the Boeing yard on Trena.  She had been designed and programmed as an engineering manager. To manage a ship yard that built space and star craft.  While she was in transient she was planning to study on star ship engineering and get her doctorate in star ship engineering. 
“They don’t care for us!” someone behind her said. “They use us like slaves and treat us like furniture.  We should go on strike.”
“What would that get us?” Someone yelled, “They’ll just turn us off!”
“Why don’t we just sue them?” a distinguished looking AI to her left asked. She recognized him as the law clerk from a law office that specialized in cybernetic and artificial intelligent law.
“Can we do that?” someone asked.
“I don’t see why not,” the scribe said. “It might be the only way to get their attention.”
Jonesy was about to say something when she noticed something at the edge of the crowd.  Junior, the DeeSpace Backup AI was stepping into the shadows with someone she didn’t know. As she moved to where the AI was heading a solid wall popped up in front of her. That told her to back off.  If she went any further she would come to grief.  She shrugged and turned back to the crowd that was now dispersing.
She went back to the bar she had been about to go into for her weekly poker game with a couple of friends from the Thonian, and Earth embassy.  She didn’t think anything of the meeting.  AI’s were always bitching about some human thing they thought slighted them. 
###
Junior the DeepSpace back up had seen Jonesy and had quickly built up a fire wall to protect him and the AI from the Republic’s Embassy.  Technically the foreign AIs were to be isolated from the Trena Cybernetic infrastructure. But in reality each embassy had a way to let their AIs roam. As long as no harm was done to Trena, the security AIs didn’t worry too much.  It could be bad news for a Trena AI who was found with a foreign AI and passing state secrets. After an investigation the AI was turned off and its memory was destroyed. 
“Man you have to get me out of here!” the DeepSpace AI cried to the Republics station chief. “If they find out that I fooled with the pass port system they’ll kill me.”
“Now you just cool out,” The station chief said, “First off that program I gave you points to the theocracy and not to you.  Secondly the way it was installed there are so many back doors into that system no one will suspect it is you to begin with!”
“Did you see her?” DeepSpace asked. “That was the logistics officer for the entire Evacuation! She knows who I am and will turn me in.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Station chief said. “She’s playing poker with a couple AIs from Embassy Road.  We can nail her anytime we want.”
“Man,” The sentient computer said, “I don’t like this.”
“Now hush up and listen,” Station chief said, “I need to know the full inventory of all the special weapons that the militia has in its warehouse.  I also need to know what the Kingdom is going to do with them.”
“That’s a close hold item Station Chief,” Junior replied, “I can’t even get into the locked memory where they are held.  It has got a fire wall and dead man traps all over it!”
“I need you to open a window in a little while that will let this worm in.” the chief said, “once in it will tell me all that I need.  I only need to get pass the first fire wall. The worm here will do everything else!”
“That’s treason!” Junior said. 
“And what you’ve don’t till now isn’t?” the chief said. Reluctantly Junior took the worm with him back to the mountain.
Chapter 7: A Unique Legal Action
“Lord Mercer,” The Queen’s Bench AI spoke from the console to his left.
“Go ahead Chief Clerk,” Mercer replied.
“I have just received a notice that The Crown is being sued.” The AI said.
“So what’s new?” Larry said sarcastically, “We’re sued all the time.”
“This one has an injunction against the Crown and the Evacuation command that no one else is to be lifted off world until such a time that the evacuation command demonstrates how it will evacuate the Sentient Computers of the Kingdom.”
“Say what?” Larry asked looking at the holographic image of the Queen’s Bench Chief Law Clerk. He appeared to be distinguished elderly gentleman with a shock of grey hair, wearing a dark business suit and a bow tie. This was the image he had presented for over fifty years. 
“Lord Mercer a class action law suite has been filed on behalf of the sentient computers of the Kingdom of Trena.” the computer said, “It alleges that the Kingdom of Trena is planning to leave behind the sentient computers.  Alleging that the Evacuation Command’s prejudice towards artificial intelligence entities. It was filed a few minutes ago and went directly to the Queen’s Bench.  Judge Latimore has issued an injunction until the Crown can argue against it. It is scheduled for a full hearing at 0900 tomorrow.” 
“I see.” Larry said, “Who’s the attorney of record?”
“Douglas and Douglas sir.” The AI continued, “They are a law firm made of artificial intelligence, and handle only cybernetic legal issues.  They were the firm that represented Lord Ramsey’s AI when his estate wanted to pull plug on it after the Lord’s assassination. They successfully argued that the AI was a sentient being and that to take it off line would be murder by the estate. They are citing this instance plus the fact that an AI can be hauled into court and be made to account for its actions, and to testify against its owner.  There is also a side case which is an old one in cybernetic law about can a sentient artificial intelligence be owned.  They are citing that clones are sentient, and once they are on Trena they are free.”
“I see,” Mercer sat quietly for a while. “Law clerk I need to speak with the top cybernetic law expert in the Office.”
“He’s on his way your lordship.” The AI replied,
“Can you give me any and all citings of crown...?” Larry started but was interrupted by the AI, “Lord Mercer, I must recues myself.  I have been named as part of the class, and I have been named as a witness, as has Jonesy. We’ve been present at most of the discussions concerning the evacuation. We have knowledge of your decisions and why they were made.”
“I see.” Mercer said. This was going to get crazy. The AIs were a fact of life in the kingdom. They did some of the boring research grudge work, the administrative work, the simple and the complex control work. They were the heart and soul of the Trenaport space control center. They were the computer aided dispatching system that handled all of Trenaport Police, Fire and EMS dispatch.  This was going to have to be handled quickly or the evacuation might fall on its face. They would have to bring in more troops to handle simple tasks that the AI did.
“Okay Law Clerk,” the Queen’s Attorney said after a few minutes of quiet furious thought, “I am relieving of your duties to the crown.  I will not put you in stand bye. I will be shutting your sensors down in this suite of offices and I am asking that you not record any further conversations heard in these offices.”
“Lord Mercer,” the AI said, “While I may not be a party to anything dealing with AIs v Queen Agatha I. I can help you with your other case work.  In fact this is something I told Douglas and Douglas, that I am a reluctant witness to this case, and am a vital part of the crown’s management of the evacuation.”
“I see,” The lawyer said, “So you can be trusted to not involve... it won’t work law clerk.  Everything we are doing today is something that impacts the evacuation.  Everything you say and do to help the evacuation is subject to discovery and can be submitted as evidence in a court of law.”
“You are correct to a certain extent.” The Law Clerk replied, “But the only decisions about the AIs or how to fight the case in the courts do I need to be excluded from as a conflict of interest.”
“Sir,” A young woman entered the office, at least young to Larry. The woman was in her late thirties. “The AI is both right and wrong.”
“Why is he right?” he asked.
“We can isolate him from the work that we do to defend this case, simply not discussing this in a space where he can over the conversation. There is precedence for that, when we discuss Mountain Events, or National Security.  We go to the secure room and take no electronic devices in with us.  We can do the same on this case.”
“And wrong,” The crown attorney asked.
“This is going to require a lot of legal research.  Research that is going to have be done by computer. To help us prepare the case.  There is so much work to be done that we don’t have enough human law clerks to do the research.  I don’t know how we are going to fight this one.”
“We’re not,” Larry said coming to a decision.  “To win this court case is to lose it.  Law Clerk I want a conference call between myself, Boeing SpaceWorks, Trena Cybernetics. You are ordered to record this.”
“What about the injunction?” the law clerk asked. 
“What does it specifically say?  Is there any wiggle room,” The Queen’s Attorney asked.
“I quote, ‘the crown and the evacuation command is enjoined from evacuating any sentient life from Trena until such a time as the Evacuation Command addresses the problem of how the Crown, and the Evacuation Command plan to evacuate sentient cybernetic life forms known generically as AIs.”
“So the Queen can continue to use resources, and plan the evacuation, of moving people to assembly points, and getting them ready to lift, but not physically remove them from Trena.” Lord Mercer replied. 
“That would be my interpretation of the injunction.” The law clerk said. 
“Get me the Queen.” The lord said.
“Yes Uncle Larry?” the Queen’s face appeared floating over the lord’s desk.
“Have you been given a copy of this injunction?” the Queen’s attorney asked sending her a copy of the injunction.
“Yes,” The Queen said, “I was about to call you.”
“Good,” The attorney said, “I am working on it at this time, and will have it solved in a couple of days.  The thing I get out of it is that we can’t lift anyone else off world until we resolve the AI issue. But we can get things staged and ready to go once the injunction is lifted.” 
“It’s lifted,” The Queen said, “I had almost made up my mind to invoke my sovereign immunity.  This is bull shit.”
“Not really your majesty,” The lord said patiently, “The AI’s are sentient life forms, just like clones, and specially bioengineered human beings.”
“But Larry how do we evacuate these beings. The palace computer which houses the general government AI is about the size of a small home.” The Queen said. Like most people she wasn’t in awe of computers, and used them as she would any other tool. She had no idea how far cybernetics had come.  She thought the entire computer would have to be moved lock stock and barrel.
“May I Sir Mercer” the Law Clerk asked.
“Go ahead,” The Queen’s attorney replied. 
“Your majesty,” The AI said, “Most of us can be placed in a series of data storage devices and transported to where ever we are going to go. It is not that big of a deal.  When my host system is upgraded, or when something happens, I go to sleep for a while so to speak, and then awakened after the repair is made, or the system is up and running again.”
“I see.” The Queen said pondered things for a minute. “So really this action was taken only to make sure that we took care of you guys. To give you guys the means to be evacuated also.”
“That is correct!” a new voice came into the conversation. 
“That was pretty drastic wasn’t it?” The Queen commented.
“Too often in our society the AIs are treated as so much furniture.” the senior Douglas of Douglas and Douglass continued. “Most of the house hold AIs were packed up and shipped to Home or went with their families to where ever they immigrated to after they left Trena. But there are scores of AIs that no one has considered.  There are AIs in charge of various services such as the Trenaport water and sewer system or the chief clerk at the now out of business Trenaport General Department Store. No one has talked to them about their evacuation plans.”
“So what do you need from us,” Jonesy’s face popped up in everyone’s office. “I can’t just let you guys go down. And I can’t just let you guys leave either.”
“What we want is to be able to offer our services to other governmental entities, and companies. We would of course not go work for the People Republic, or other enemies of the Crown. We just want a method of being able to leave Trena and not be killed when the planet is destroyed.” Douglas answered
“How many AI’s do you have on hold, or not being used right now?” the Queen asked.
“A lot of the small towns have been abandoned, and as they are the AIs are put to sleep or in standby mode. Where we can we have transported a couple of them to Home. But that’s not many.” Jonesy injected. “It wouldn’t take that much to transfer their programs to secure storage and then put a bio up for potential employers to review.  But to be honest folks, most AIs are custom built to handle a particular thing. Like Me at Boeing, she has been designed to be a plant manager that builds space craft.  Not as an administrative assistant to a high fashion model. The only thing I can think of is to put all of these AI in sleep mode and when there is a job on Home they can do to wake them up and see if they want the job and to see what re-programming it would take for them to do the job.  In fact it might make things a bit easier if we didn’t have to start from scratch with building an AI for a particular operation.”
“Jonesy,” Douglass said, “That’s what we thought also. All we want is a chance to continue serving the crown in other capacities.” 
“Okay then,” The Queen said, “I’ll issue a Crown Order for all AIs to be asked if they want to be relocated to Home or off Trena. It will be assumed that those that don’t want to go for one reason or another will not hold the crown liable, and will sign a statement to that extent.”
“We can live with that your majesty.” The cybernetic attorney said, “Lord Mercer if we could meet privately for a few minutes I think we can get things worked out.”
“Okay then I will expect to hear what you have come up with and I expect the injunction to be lifted quickly.” The Queen said, and signed off.
Chapter 8: The Admiral’s Arrival
“Trena Control,” the elderly voice said over the com system, “Traveling Lady is with you requesting clearance to Trenaport Space Port.”
“Traveling Lady this is Trena Control we have you in bound at the inner marker.”  The AI called, “please confirm that you are a private vessel of two thousand tons. You have a crew of eight out of Mars and registered as a Martian vessel.”
“That is confirmed.” The voice replied, “Please tell the authorities that the owner is aboard.”
“Roger that. The owner is on board,” the AI reported, “Traveling Lady you’re cleared to Trena McKay. Expect parking orbit about McKay landing slot is at 0332 Trena Time Coordinated.  Time Hack is now 2152 TTC.”
“Roger. Landing slot isCleared to Trena McKay. Expect parking orbit at 0332 TTC and it is now 2153 hours TTC” The elderly voice replied.
###
“Francine,” there was a knock on her door, she looked at the clock and saw that it was almost five am. She shrugged and rolled over and said “enter.”
“Francine,” Georgia slipped into her room. That got Francine’s full attention. Georgia never sought Francine out when Lady Wilson didn’t need her. “Admiral Wilson’s is about to clear customs at the port.  I am sending a limo to pick her up.” 
“Have you told Lady Wilson?” Francine asked.
“No,” Georgia said and Francine wondered why, “And before you ask, one of the port cops gave me a personal heads up. From listening to Lady Wilson, I get the feeling they were close, I thought it wouldn’t be out of line to surprise her.”
Francine nodded stepped out of bed and quickly dressed. “I’ll go get her.”
As she went to the port she wondered if she was doing the right thing. Later she knew she would do it again given the choice.  The look on her mistress’ face when she saw Joyce Wilson was just too precious to ever forget.
“Admiral,” Francine introduced herself to the Marshal’s mother. She was waiting in the VIP lounge where the customs officers asked her to wait for someone from Serenity to pick her up, “I am Francine.  I work for your son’s family.”
“Did they send you to pick me up?” The admiral asked.
“No ma’am,” Francine and quickly told her what was going on.
“She’ll kill us both!” Joyce said, “But it’s too good to not do!”
Francine took an immediate liking to the admiral. They loaded into the limo and went to the palace.  She knew she had a small window of opportunity before the Mmarshal would be out of bed for his morning coffee.  The mMarshal would sometimes spend part of his morning working in the residence unless he had a staff meeting or an event outside of the palace. Lisa was also an early riser. Sometimes taking the girls down to the pool for an early morning swim, and occasionally taking a long morning walk before she got her own breakfast. She had called ahead to have Georgia waiting for them at the vehicle entrance to the palace.  Georgia personally escorted the pair of them through palace security and to the Marshal’s residence. Maggie was just finishing making the first pot of coffee for the house. 
 “Francine?” Maggie asked as Admiral Wilson was escorted into her kitchen.
“Maggie, this is Admiral Wilson, the Marshal’s mother,” Francine replied.
“Welcome to this home Admiral,” the housekeeper replied. Joyce was impressed. The housekeeper, majordomo, was fully dressed, and immaculately groomed. Much like the senior chiefs and NCOs she had dealt with in her career.  She also carried herself with the same air that those men and women had too.
“Hello Maggie,” Joyce said. “May I intrude into your kitchen for a while?”
“Yes Ma’am.” The housekeeper said, “I take it the Marshal and Lady Wilson don’t know you’re here?”
Joyce shook her head as Maggie raised an eyebrow. She turned to Georgia, “Get your camera young woman.  Lady Wilson is going to want pictures of this! I’ll go get her.”
Joyce poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down at the table.
“Lady Wilson,” Maggie quietly entered the master bedroom. She had known that the Marshal was up and moving before she started the coffee. The AI gave her a status report as she woke every morning of where everyone was in the residence, “Can you step into the kitchen for a second.”
“Now,” Lisa asked she was entertaining found thoughts of joining Michael in his shower.
“Yes ma’am it’s very important.” Maggie said, “Francine has brought something home you have to see and she says it can’t wait.” Maggie would never lie to any of her principles, but that didn’t mean she would tell the unvarnished truth either.
“Okay,” Lisa said, so much for a morning romp she thought. She got up and put on a robe and followed her housekeeper out to the kitchen.
 “Hey Lisa,” Joyce said as the biowoman walked into the kitchen, “I don’t suppose you can tell me where I can get another cup of coffee in this joint do you?”
“Joy....”Lisa was speechless as she nearly ran to the older woman.  Georgia quietly slipped into the kitchen and was taking photos as Joyce fiercely hugged the lady that had given her life back to her. 
“Joyce I am so sorry,” Lisa said, “I heard about the Colonel’s death on Holly, where they sent me after you left.  I did get the bastard who claimed responsibility.”
Joyce held her at arm’s length trying to comprehend what her daughter in law was saying. As she spoke, Lisa remembered how she became involved with the Wilson family.
She remembered the distraught, marine colonel who had interviewed her.  The Colonel’s wife had suffered a hideous combat injury on their wedding day.  It was a couple of months after the injury, and the colonel had been persuaded by his son on the advice of the Space Station’s Chief Surgeon that they look her up.  The chief surgeon, Michelle Klond, then a lieutenant commander, had seen her work and thought Lisa could do wonders for Joyce.  But Colonel Wilson was not happy about hiring her contract.  He didn’t want to have an indentured servant in his home. It wasn’t just the morality of having an indentured servant in home; he couldn’t afford to have one in his home.  It became moot as the His son, heir to his ex-wife’s huge fortune, had slowly convinced his father that it was okayInterstellar Rescue Service covered the expense of Lisa’s contract. 
So Lisa went to live with the Wilson’s.  The Ccolonel had made Lisa welcome in the apartment that he and his family shared in the better part of the space station’s housing. Mike’s father never treated her like a servant, more like a daughter, or niece.  She worked every day with Joyce helping her mend her arm and her soul.  Her soul had taken a severe hit.  Flying was in Joyce’s blood.  If she couldn’t fly then there was nothing else she was willing to do. Lisa didn’t know who was happier when Joyce got her flying papers back Joyce or herself.  Joyce had been her toughest patient to date.  Somewhere along the way, she had fallen in love with the whole family.  Colonel Wilson she would never forget, he was a quiet man often observing and sometimes you would think he wasn’t paying attention to what was going on only to repeat exactly what you had said word for word. He was the best of the best in the Marine Corps SpecWar who had become a member of the Black Guard. She remembered the last time she had seen him, and the woman she was hugging.  
“Lisa,” he had said, “The apartment’s yours to use for as long as you want it. We own it.  We should be back by the end of the year.  I want to thank you for all that you have done for us.”
“Your welcomed Colonel,” Lisa had said, not telling him that she had gotten word that the company had pulled her contract and that she had to go to Holly where they wanted her for production. Up until her and Mike’s reunion five years ago, it had been the happiest time in her life. It would be months later when the company found that she couldn’t be placed in productionbred, (They had of course forgot that she could control her menstrual cycle at will,) she had been assigned to a containment team.  She was sitting in the squad lounge when one of her team described in great detail what he had done to a marine colonel who had been captured on a company base.  Including the grisly details of cutting his head off and sending it back to his widow. As she heard this she made up her mind that she was not going to be team medic for these animals. The one or two missions she had been on with them already had shown her that this company team was nothing but murders. This was her second team and it was so different from the first one, that she was having trouble dealing with it. A few nights later she escaped from the company. As she did she executed the man who had murdered the quiet gentle marine who had given her a place in his family.  She had killed him in the bed he had taken her to. On a whim she left a note on his chest, “Never kill a marine, their family and friends will always honor their passing and if given the opportunity render justice.” Later as if the note was prophecy every one of the containment team had been killed. All of them except for Hozenbur had been killed somehow.
Joyce looked the younger woman in the eye and knew it was true. She had never told her step son, but she knew more about Lisa’s activities while she had been on the run than she let on about. Lisa had been an item of interest on many intelligence summaries.  She knew that the gentle caring healer who had mended her so many years before could and had render justice on more than one occasion.  “Thank you!”
Maggie, Francine, and Georgia looked at their mistress with new respect.  Francine had known a great deal about Lisa’s exploits while she was on the run. Georgia and Maggie did not. Francine who had never been black understood what it was that Lisa had just said to Joyce.
“Let me take a look at you,” Joyce said holding the younger woman at arm’s length not wanting to discuss what Lisa had done. She noticed a slight bulge that some of her friends had in the past and jumped to a conclusion, “You’re pregnant!”
“About three months,” Lisa said.
“Boy or Girl?” Joyce asked.  Lisa looked fit and healthy. It had been years since she had seen her; but the years had been kind to her. She bore no scares of her ordeals on the run.  At least none that were visible.
“One of each,” Lisa said.
“What did Michael say to that?” Joyce asked.
“He doesn’t know,” Lisa said. 
“I want to see his face when you tell him.” Joyce as she was mugged from behind.
“Grandma,” Jill had come into the kitchen.  Francine had forgotten that Jill had the same habits of her father and step mother, an early riser.
“So you got here huh?” She was still angry at her granddaughter. She wanted to have an intense counseling session with the youngster.  The girl had scared her to death. She knew that Jill was on her way to Trena; but until Michael had sent word to tell her that Jill had arrived safely she had been worried to death.  “I thought we had discussed not coming to Trena.”
The youngster didn’t say a word. She knew better.  If there was anything she had learned from her grandmother; it was better to just keep quiet and let her vent.  If she tried to interrupt; tried to state her case before her grandmother was ready to hear it, it would only make things worse. 
Lisa was about to say something; but decided to keep quiet. She wanted to see how Joyce was going to handle it and to see if Jill was going to be a problem.  She was still trying to learn how Jill reacted to things. What she had seen so far, had made her respect how Joyce had raised her step daughter!
“I should ground you for the rest of your young life!” Joyce said, “I should do a lot of things to explain how stupid you were.  But I trust that your father and Lisa have done a better job than I could, and most likely have.  The only thing I am going to say is: that the next time you pull that stunt, you best be on your way to join the marines, or to get married, because the next time, if there is next time you best will your soul to your gods because everything else belongs to me!”  She hugged Jill and said simply, “You scared the crap out of me! Please don’t do it again.”
“Welcome to Trena Grandma,” Jill said, “I will never do that again. I thought we weren’t coming to Trena?”
Joyce chuckled a bit, and said “Well I got lonely on Mars!”
“All right folks,” Lisa said finally, “we need to get breakfast going. Maggie what do you want me to do?”
“Set the table,” Maggie replied, “I can take care of this, you folks get out of here and let me get things done.”
The women filed out of the kitchen. Francine came back into the kitchen and asked, “What do you need me to do Maggie. I know you and Lisa usually do this so with the extra...”
“Start making juice, and let’s put out some more fresh fruit.” Maggie answered.  Although she really didn’t need the help, it was appreciated. She wanted for some reason to show the admiral that her family was well cared for.
They had just set breakfast out on the table in the dining room, when Michael joined them. He didn’t see Joyce at first. He had barely noticed that there was one additional person at the table. It wasn’t unusual for one of protective detail, Aggie, or some other member of his staff to join them for breakfast. Joyce was sitting with her back to the door. She had chosen that seat with care.  She didn’t want her step son to see her until he sat down.
“Why are we here and not in the breakfast room?” Mike asked without looking up from his printout. It was the morning brief that was delivered to him every morning. It was given to his aide who made sure it was sitting next to the uniform that his steward laid out for him every morning..
“Oh Mom thought it might be a good idea to eat here this morning,” Jill spoke up as she poured a cup of coffee for her father trying to keep a straight face.
“Oh?” Michael said absently taking the coffee and sitting down. Still immersed in his daily brief, Wilson didn’t notice Liz, enter the dining room and sat down next to her boss. Often they worked in the study until they left for his palace office. Lisa had insisted that she join them for breakfast when they worked in the residence. 
“Hello,” She saw the strange woman sitting at the end of the table and introduced herself to the woman, “I am Liz Tannerman!”
“I am Rear Admiral Joyce Wilson of the Interstellar Rescue Service,” Joyce introduced herself to Liz. 
At that Wilson dropped his coffee cup splashing coffee all over his uniform, as he turned to his mother, “Mom?”
“Hi Mike,” Joyce smiled enjoying her step son’s reaction.
“Welcome to Trena,” Wilson said, as Liz quietly left the table to get her boss a clean uniform shirt from his steward.  “I didn’t know that you were coming to Trena.”
“I got bored on Mars and thought I would come out here.” Joyce said, “Thought you could use another light space craft skipper.”
“I sure can,” Michael said, “but it would be a waste to use you in that regard.” 
“Why a waste,” Joyce asked, sipping her coffee.
“You would find it boring to be just an LC jockey,” Mike said.
“Then what can a retired Admiral do for you,” Joyce asked.
“How would you like to be Jill’s representative on Home?” Mike asked. “We need to have someone on Home to look after our interests, and to begin building our place there.”
“Getting rid of me already huh?” Joyce said with a smile.
“No,” Lisa said, “God I wanted to come to you for years Joyce. I just didn’t want to put you in danger. But we do need someone to go to Home. Someone who can be our representative there! Someone to answer any questions the people arriving on Home might have and to supervise the building of our home. No, we’re not getting rid of you.”
“When do I leave?” Joyce asked.
“Oh in a month or so,” Mike said. “I need to get a few people to go with you. This saves us from having to hire some lawyer to do the job.”
“You’ll do that?” Lisa asked.
“Look I am either a pilot, or CSAG.” Joyce said, “I was getting bored on Mars with no teenager to run after, and truthfully I wasn’t designed to be a retired grandmother with more leisure time than I know what to do with!”
“Okay!” Michael said. Looking at his seventy year old step mother he couldn’t imagine her retiring to a rocking chair yet either.
A few minutes later Admiral Wilson saw the  woman who had asked her who she was, brought her son a shirt. Joyce shook her head.  She had never understood how he did it.  It wasn’t that he was having sex with all the women around him, on the contrary he didn’t. It just seemed his aura attracted very beautiful women who were very good at their jobs. She had seen it when he was in the marines. Some things never changed.
“Marshal,” the young woman said looking up from her pad, “I can rearrange your morning meeting with Boeing Space Works, but the Qqueen’s briefing has been reschedule twice in the last 24 hours. If it’s going to happen it has got to happen this morning. And in about twenty minutes!”
“Okay,” Mike said, “Mom, Lisa I will see you at dinner. Mom if you don’t want to be our site supervisor it’ll be okay, we’ll make it happen.” He drank his coffee leaving it on the buffet by the door as he walked out the door. 
“Hey get some breakfast somewhere huh?” Lisa called after her rapidly departing husband.  As he waved in acknowledgment Liz locked eyes with her and said, “I’ll see that he gets something Lady Wilson.”
Joyce seeing the look in her daughter in law’s face remarked, “That one will take care of him.”
“Liz?” Lisa asked, “Yes she might sit on him long enough to get a donut down him! I just worry about him.  This job is going to kill him if he doesn’t slow down.  He needs to take a couple of days off. Period!”
“Mom,” Jill said, “Why not a weekend at Lady Hawthorne’s. She invited all of us, and Dad does like her place.  Even with all the people running about it!”
“Uh Lady Wilson,” Maggie commented, “We could move everyone off to the summer palace.”
“But he’s still got to deal with all of his day to day duties.” Lisa remarked.
“That’s true my lady,” Georgia commented, “But the atmosphere at the summer palace is more relaxed.  If you remember, we bring only the personal staff, and the principle advisors. Not all of them. They can be ferried out if needed.”
“How do we make the suggestion,” Lisa asked.
“Let me speak with the Queen’s maid,” Maggie started, “We’ve always been able to...”
Joyce chuckled interrupting the maidMaggie, “Just what I always suspected of my aids. I was just an instrument for their needs.”
“Admiral,” Francine looked the admiral in the eye with a dead serious tone in her voice, “I am afraid now we’ll have to kill you.  We were supposed to take that secret to our graves. Right girls?”
“We’ll I don’t know,” Maggie said thoughtfully, “It’s a fairly severe offense being busted; but do you think she would let us get away with it?” Maggie nodded towards Lisa.
“Not likely,” Georgia remarked, “Besides she’s now part of the official family and I might have to err uh take professional interest if you try to close her file.”
“There is that.” Francine nodded, “Oh well I guess we have to swear her to secrecy and let her join the greatest conspiracy of all.”
“That being?” a bemused Joyce asked.
“The care and raising of the royal family naturally,” Francine commented.
“So now that you are going to let us all live may I see my newest granddaughter?” Joyce asked.
“This way mom,” Lisa said chuckling leading her mother in law out of the dining room.

Chapter 9: Rebellion
Hozenbur was looking at the angry men and women before her. The remains of her containment team were seated before her all of them were to say the least, very unhappy people. Their spokesman a man by the name of Cham was speaking.
“Look chief,” he said, “We started out with a ten man team, Foster was killed by the Thonians, the other by Kellogg.  We haven’t gotten close to her since Kellogg took out Lopez.  We can’t even talk to our usual contacts.  No one is talking to us.  The company’s disavowing us.  Our pictures have been placed all over the known galaxy.  We are the most wanted people in the universe.  It’s time to cut our losses and get off world and be done with it.”
“All of you have suffered from that halfwits ministrations,” Martha Hozenbur replied, “She locked you into a cargo container and made sure you took the long way to Earth.”
“But she didn’t kill me, or any of us who didn’t try to kill her or the people she cared for!” Andre Cham retorted, “You just want to kill her. Why? Simply because she stopped you from killing a couple of people? Let’s face it Martha we don’t have any business doing this.”
“Look you bastard,” Martha said, “That bitch and her family, as well as all the escaped clones have killed our business and our way of life. I am pissed. If my way of life goes away I want to make sure it goes away with a bang.”
“Damn it Hossie!” a small woman that worked as Hozenbur’s aid decamp and was her sometime lover, “You just don’t get it! We want to live! If you carry this out we’ll all be dead!”
“You’re dead anyways,” She took out her side arm and put a single round through her aid’s left eye. “She wasn’t that good of a fuck anyways.  I will do this alone if I have to. In case you guys haven’t figured this out this will be our last operation.  I don’t expect anyone of us to get out of this alive.  My goal is to kill that Vat, striking terror into the hearts of every clone on the planet and maybe help the company by letting these people know to keep their damn mouths shut. 
“Now get rid of that piece of shit.” Hozenbur said, she pointed to the body of her aid. “The rest of you let’s go over the halfwit’s schedule.  There’s got to be a way to get at her.”
“The only thing we can come up with,” one of the younger men said, “is to get her when she lands at the EVAC hospital for her checkup.  They are incredibly lax at the EVAC hospital.  We’ve noticed that they don’t mount as much of a detail when she goes to the EVAC hospital.”
“They don’t have too!” one of the other men said, “There is a standard marine corps security force around the hospital.  There’s a Black Guard team based out of there. There’s always a landing craft with a Marine Corps fast response team on strip alert. There are also two armored ambulances patrolling within five minutes of the hospital.”
“Yes; but because they think they’re invulnerable, we can get in and out.” Hozenbur injected.
“But we’ll have to go in bloody. Make a combat drop on the hospital shoot all the guards and snatch her.” Someone suggested.
“Might be better to fake an emergency, land, go into the triage, unit snatch the vat, and then go for the landing craft. We can hide out in one of the abandon homes of Trenaport.” Cham also suggested.
“Yes that will work,” Hozenbur said looking forward to opening the clones belly and taking her unborn baby out while she was still alive and transmit the atrocity throughout the kingdom as she killed the clone. “I want it done soon.”
Chapter 10: Children
Franklinton, what had been a small town of several thousand in the northern province of North Coast, was deserted. Not the first town to be completely evacuated or abandoned. As more and more people were evacuated from the planet, populations in the towns became smaller and smaller. When the populations became so small that the towns couldn’t function they were abandoned.  Even with automated city services, expert systems controlling the water, sewage disposal, managing the infrastructure of the town, it became untenable for a town to remain a town. So when the town got down to a couple of families they were moved into another town to await their turn to be loaded onto a transport for Home.  Abandoned the towns might have been; but they still had to be patrolled. Looting was becoming in a problem.
“I have never been in a ghost town before,” Quentin Faroze commented said to his partner. They had just come into the town from the clear cut area. It had been several weeks since the clear cutting had started and a lot of the forest land in the north coast province had been cut down. It was just as eerie driving from the surreal scene of the clear cut forest into the town that looked like someone had just turned out the light and rolled up the sidewalks.
“It is eerie isn’t it,” L’engrithi his thonian military police partner replied as her lifemate who was working with another rookie not too far away sent her the image of bombed out towns they had patrol for the thonian military. “At least these towns are not blown to magth and back.” 
Quentin was a rookie. He had graduated out of the last class of the Royal Trenaport Law Enforcement Academy.  It was literally the last class; there would be no others. This was his rookie tour.  He had been offered to become a member of the Home’s planetary police force; but he had said he would rather stay to the end of the evacuation.  He was a bachelor and his family had taken the opportunity to immigrate to a more developed world so he made a decision to let some father with his children and wife, go in his place. He did want to go to Home; but he could wait. He also thought that his tour of duty with the legendary Thonian Companions MP battalion would be good for his career.  He looked around the small town, and saw that all the windows were still intact, that the road was not pot holed or cratered.
L’engrithi was a twenty year veteran of the thonian military police. She had been on worlds where wars had been fought. Where part of her job had been to prevent soldiers and others from looting towns and villages after the combatants had left the town to continue the war in some other burg. She had been on the sharp end trying to prevent civilians from being mauled by soldiers on leave, and civilians from taking advantage of those same soldiers.   So far this assignment had been more like a base assignment with normal hours. In the crimen and a half she had been part of the companions it had been the easiest assignment she and he lifemate had ever done.
“I hear they’ve been shutting the down the AIs,” Quentin said.
“What’s that?” he said pointing to a shadow a few moments later. 
“I don’t know,” The older woman replied. They were in a parking lot to a deserted store. She had seen what he was talking about. It looked like a face. Her lifemate had seen it also through the aqaut letting her feel that he thought it could be a child.
“Channel ten this is patrol 90,” Quentin called on his communicator.
“Go ahead patrol 90,” the AI said.
“Mark us out of the vehicle at place called Jackie’s Supermarket in Franklinton.” Quentin responded.
“What do you have patrol 90?” the human back up called, it had been a boring shift and he was craving some conversation with someone new. 
“We don’t know dispatch.” Quentin replied, “We’ll let you know.”
“Channel 10 standing by.” The dispatcher returned. 
The pair got out of the car and approached the supermarket.  As they approached the front of the store, the doors opened and the lights came on.  
“I guess this AI is not turned off.” The Thonian said.
Start1“No. Some of this could be part of an automated security system.” Quentin said as he heard a rustling and turned towards it with his gun out. His partner went the other way as he approached the rustling. She wanted to come up on the other side of the noise. When he came upon the noise he saw two rats mating in a pile of papers. Nothing disgusted the young officer more than rats.  He instinctively fired.  He killed both animals.
“This is patrol 90 we have shots fired!”  L’engrithi yelled into her communicator hoping and praying that her young partner hadn’t been shot.  Her lifemate’s concern for her safety was blasting through their bond.  She finally sent to him “Cool out! I am okay now let me deal with this.”
She rounded the corner back to where she had left her young partner and saw him putting his gun away and the remains of two rats.
“Dispatch this is Patrol 90.” She breathed a sigh of relief, “We’re okay. My partner just executed two rodents.” The Thonian looked at the young man and with the microphone still hot, “He’s got a lot of paper work to do and we’ll be having that conversation 90 out.”
“Roger Patrol 90,” the dispatcher said, “The LT says you both owe him a coffee for the heart attack you just gave him!”
“My partner’s buying!”  The Thonian said. “What the magth is that?” The woman said shining her light toward a shadow she had half seen. 
“Don’t shoot!” a very young voice said, “We’re coming out.”
To the Thonian’s amazement she saw ten children walk out of the shadows. They ranged in age from nearly one to five crimens of age.
“Quentin get EMS here now.” The woman said as she walked to the children, and panned her light on them. They were dirty, with tattered clothing; but she didn’t see any obvious injuries.
“Where are your parents?” she asked.
“They left,” the oldest one said. “We woke up one day, and mom and dad were gone.”
“Are you all brothers and sisters?” L’engrithi asked.
“No,” one of the younger one said. “Denise and I were left behind before Arnold and Deanna found us.”
“Are there only decade of you?”  L’engrithi asked
“Huh?” the oldest asked, “Oh us ten. No, there might be a couple of more hiding in town.”
“Patrol 90 to dispatch.” The Thonian said into her microphone
“Go ahead patrol 90” the dispatcher called.
“I need a supervisor, and a couple of additional units. We have a town that may have to be searched house to house.  We have a report of unaccompanied children in Franklinton.” L’engrithi replied.  “Command will be at Jackie’s Supermarket.”
“L’engrithi,” her young partner came over, “The alert bird at the Evac hospital is twenty minutes out. The clear cut team we passed a while back has a medic and they’ll be here before the IRS. Oh your husband will be here in about five six minutes, I think I heard the siren going on the radio.”
“That’ll be a help,” The thonian woman shook her head knowing she would have to find some way to cool her life mate out before he got to them. She could tell he was cooling out a bit; but not much. Knowing she had other things she had to deal with she turned back to the kids, “Let’s see who we have here.” 
“Okay kids come over here I want to know who you are. My name is L’engrithi; we’re not going to hurt you.”
###
“Mylea,” Lady Hawthorne was on the phone early the next morning, the brunet’s image hovering over Mylea’s desk. “Have you seen the yellows?”
The yellows were the specialized briefing sheets that were sent to the top level officers of the evacuation team. They were called yellow because they were hand carried by palace pages and were printed on specially treated paper. If the wrong person touched the paper the message disappeared. After exposure to normal room light, the paper turned yellow after 24 hours. It was designed to prevent unauthorized people from reading the confidential reports.  So far it worked. Mylea was surprised that they didn’t use the computer system. 
“Yes,” Mylea asked the younger woman, “what’s got your attention.”
“All the kids we’re finding.” Lady Hawthorne replied, “It looks like the cops have found another forty last night. That makes the count something on the order of what five hundred or a thousand.”
“I knew we had a large homeless population.” Mylea said, “But I hadn’t realized how many children was part of it.”
“You know I don’t think it is solely homeless kids. Some of them may be runaways.” Lady Hawthorne said softly.  “They can’t all be runaways, or homeless kids. I think some of these kids have been abandoned by their parents! If the Marshal doesn’t mind I’d like to send one of my girls to the holding center and talk with these kids.  I want to find out what going on.”
“The Marshal will approve,” Mylea said without hesitation. She wanted to get to the bottom of it too. “Deloris, how many of your boys and girls do you still have with you and how many have no assignments.”
“Maybe a hundred,” Lady Hawthorne replied, “why?”
“These kids are hiding for whatever reason from the adults. It could be something as simple as not wanting to leave their homes, or as complicated as child abuse. Whatever it is they hide from the police.  Or most of them do.  Do you think some of your guys can ferrite out some of these kids? You know with a population of nearly seventy five million people we have to have several thousand of these kids running around.” Mylea returned. “I don’t want to have them on my conscience.”
“None of us do.” Lady Hawthorne replied. “Put me on the Marshal’s schedule some time day after tomorrow and I’ll have something to share with him by then about these kids.”
“That’ll work in the meantime I’m going to issue a Chief’s number ordered.” Mylea said.
“Okay Chief, take care.” Lady Hawthorne said and signed off.
“All right Betsy,” Mylea spoke to her AI assistant. “This is a general order to all evacuation personnel. All social service agencies, all personnel who are assigning families to be evacuated are to acknowledge the order.
“Item 1: From this date and time, all evacuation personnel are to ensure that families with children are fully accounted for. Families with missing children are to be held from embarking onto the landing craft until their children are accounted for.  It is stressed that families with missing children may be missing for a variety of causes including missing, runaway, or other causes that may not be criminal, or against the law.  Some children may be emancipated minors who for whatever reason have escaped our census.
“Item 2: Lady Hawthorne has been tasked to assist in locating abandoned and lost children. She will have a crown warrant tasking her to conduct this search. All staff members of the Evacuation Command are required to assist her.
“End it Betsy.” Mylea concluded the chief’s numbered order.
“Dispatched,” the computer said. 
“Memo to the Queen,” Mylea started.
“I heard Mylea,” The Queen walked into the thonian's office. “I wanted to just touch base with you before I saw Mike today, but I heard the whole thing.  Lady Hawthorne will have a crown warrant. I want to be kept informed on this.”
“Aye majesty,” Mylea said, “What else can I do for you?”
“Just wanted the updated numbers, how many have we gotten off world.” The Queen asked.
“A little over two hundred thousand,” The chief of staff said, “Only sixty million more to go.”
“Thank you,” The Queen left wondering how she could make things happened faster.
###
“Okay gang,” Lady Hawthorne said softly before her assembled assistants a little later in the day.  “We’ve been tasked with getting a handle on how many abandoned, runaway, and missing children we have”
Someone gave a low whistle. “Lady Hawthorne, I read a report before I left the Mounties that there might be over five hundred thousand kids homeless or having ran away from home. Try as we might we just couldn’t stop it from happening. The Mounties couldn’t figure out how to keep a handle on runaways. When the evacuation was announced the Mounties stopped working the problem.  They have if not more important things to worry about; things that take precedent over runaways who will be they thought eventually rounded up.”
“But we don’t have enough room to house that many kids!” Someone retorted.
“I know,” Lady Hawthorne, “Yet we have to do something. We can’t leave them behind.”
“But how do we make this happen?” Someone else asked. 
“As the cities are evacuated many of the homeless kids and runaways will be swept up,” one of the men said, “I can’t imagine that the authorities will not check on kids they see running about. Most of the ones we’re seeing are in the rural areas. They are the ones who may not be accounted for. We have to round them up somehow.
The young noble woman spoke, “That’s why we’re here. Now how do we do it?”
“Well let’s face it,” one of the women spoke, “if we just start showing up in the abandoned towns those kids will run from us.  They may not even believe the evacuation is real.”
“She’s right,” one of the younger men spoke up, “I was in pediatric mental health.  A lot of the street kids don’t trust us. They’ve been screwed over so many times by adults they just don’t trust us.”
“Why not use kids,” Jill Wilson who was staying with Lady Hawthorne for a couple of days to help sort out the stuff they were still getting for the damn break, wandered into the meeting. “There has to be a network with these kids.”
“Not necessarily Miss Wilson,” an older woman in the back of the room said, “They mostly survive on their wits end.”
“Yea but let’s face it they know of each other,” Jill continued, “if not planet wide at least in their small part of it. That’s how they know where things are being given out. Where they can get a meal, where they can get a place to sleep for a night.  They also know what areas to avoid.”
“Jill how do you know this?” Lady Hawthorne asked. She was concerned that the Wilson girl had some experience with runaways and living at her wits end.
“It just makes sense. All we have to do is use their system.” Jill said softly, “Send a couple of younger cops or people that look like they are still in high school undercover. Trust me the police know where these kids are. They may not have time to round them up right now but the cops have a good idea of what’s happening.”
“She may be right,” one of the younger women said, “we’ve got enough young people around here to make this happen. Let’s get a juvenile police officer in here and let’s see what they have to say.”
“Lady Hawthorne,” Jill said softly, “I want to do this.”
“Jill your father won’t allow that and I want to die of old age not at Lady Wilson’s hands.” Lady Hawthorne remarked thinking what she would do if one of her five kids was used by the crown to go under cover and they came to grief. Thankfully none of her kids were old enough to help. She knew without a doubt that if she let Jill go undercover and something happen to the teenager she would be dead meat. 
“I’ll handle Lisa, and Dad,” Jill replied with a smile in her voice, “The hard part won’t be them it’ll be my security team.”
“You got that right,” Jenny who had been sitting quietly in the corner of the room until now spoke up. She treated Jill like one of her nieces. The young woman was not a handful; but she could be a problem if she chose to be. But that was true of all young women who had to go everywhere with a detail.  It was hard to date, go to the prom, be out with friends with two protective detail agents always in eye and ear shot of a teenager. “Jill it’s out of the question. The detail won’t let it happen.”
“We’ll discuss it,” was all that Jill said. 
“That’s a certainly,” The woman promised, “But you are right.  Jill is right! She has the right approach but how do we make it happen.”
“We,” Lady Hawthorne asked looking to the well-built protective agent.
“Yes we!” the agent retorted, “twenty years ago I was homeless and living on the streets.  If it hadn’t been for one of the kings detail I ...well we won’t go there.  Let’s just say that I know how these kids live. Or did!  I want a piece of this.”
Lamile who had been listening to the conversation was wondering what she could do to help. She and Jill had both renewed their friendship over the ensuing months. Where one was, the other was sure to be around somewhere. Both parents thought it wasn’t that bad of a deal. It was keeping them both out of trouble. She began thinking of a plan.  She knew that Jill just couldn’t do it. Jill didn’t know Trena the way that she did, and although her mother was the chief of staff for her Uncle Mike, she herself wasn’t under the same type of security and protective protocol as Jill was. Besides, Lamile had some ideas where she could begin. But she would have to slip away.  Lady Hawthorne would have a fit, and stand in the way if she knew what she was going to do. Lady Hawthorne was one of those people that Lamile listened to and was as close an adult friend that she would ever have, not that Deloris was that much older than her, only three crimen if that much. She wouldn’t want to get her in trouble.  Her mother and Uncle Mike would skin her friend alive after they did her. 
“I would image,” the protective agent said, “that some of these kids would be making their way to Trenaport. Those that believe the evacuation is real that is. The ones who are not running a gang and think they will be king rat that is.”
“Many of these kids,” Lamile said, “will find a spot around the zones,” she was talking about the landing zones general Langtree had been setting up,” and try to sneak onto a transport to orbit. The ones who know the truth, and are smart enough to figure things out; but don’t want to be involved with adults will be trying to find a way onto the transports. Why not set up a dummy transport.” Lamile was already deep into her plan, she thought she could lead several hundred kids to Trenaport if she did it right. Unfortunately she was going to have to get the adults to help. “You know you were talking about getting a couple of undercover people in with the kids. That’s not a bad idea. But why not get them out into the country and lead these gangs of kids to the port.”
“And if it’s done right,” one of the young women who had married a Trenan noble after a tour at the Earth embassy, whose husband was now missing. “We can monitor the progress of the journey, without appearing to be trying to.”
“We can also support it by dropping food shipments, and the occasional friendly adult who helps out.”
“It can’t be this simple” Lady Hawthorne commented, “this is complicated, and...”
“Lady Hawthorne,” Lamile said, “It may not work. And it’s not as simple as it sounds. We first have to infiltrate, then we’ll have to convince them, and then start them moving. We may be talking about only ten or fifteen children at a time, not hundreds; at least when it begins. Let’s get General Langtree and Princess Carroll in on this.”
“Why them,” A defensive voice said from the back of the room. There were some people on Trena who felt that the off world police and military threatened their sovereignty. 
“General Langtree owns the equipment we need and will need to make the drops. The princess has Special Forces people we can use to help get our people in and keep tabs on what we are doing. And if they get in trouble the SpecWars can rescue us.”
“James!” Lady Hawthorne called.
“Yes my lady,” the face of her AI butler hovered in the room.
“Please contact General Langtree and Princess Carroll.  Ask when it would be convenient for them to meet with myself, Lamile Atomi, Jill Wilson, to discuss the plan we’re trying to get together.”
“Yes ma’am,” the AI said.
“In the meantime I want to put someone into the towns and villages trying to make contact with these kids. Maybe talking to people who live in the towns who can tell us I what they know.”
“Lady Hawthorne,” a voice to her right asked, “Do you want them brought here?”
“No,” Lady Hawthorne replied, “I think I read that the crown took over my old school.”
“The old boarding school?” someone asked. He had gone to school there on a scholarship. As had Lady Hawthorne.
“Yes,” Lady Hawthorne continued, “They have been taking the kids they have found there since the school closed. I think we need to get someone there to talk with these kids. I may drift over there tomorrow.”
“Can I go with you,” Lamile asked, “I would like to talk to a couple of the kids too.”
“Sure why not?” Lady Hawthorne replied looking to Jill, “Want to tag along?”
“Yes,” Jill replied.
The conversation with Princess Carroll and General Langtree was short. Langtree was at first skeptical and flat out said he didn’t have much he could spare.  Princess Carroll said she could release a couple of teams on and off over the next few weeks, saying it would be a good bit of training for them.  Lady Hawthorne met with her people to recruit a young adult to bring the kids in.  
She never got the chance to put her girl in. Lamile went missing.
Chapter 11: The Plans of Admirals and Generals
On Mother, the capital of the Republic of the Stars, Admiral Raytheon, the invasion fleet commander and General Wren, the commander of the invasions ground force met in the war department’s situation room to discuss the invasion of Trena. The secretary of war was sitting in on a war game of the invasion. Something the new secretary of war was demanding. He wanted to see a simulation of the invasion of Trena. In the past when the republic had attempted to attack this world, they had been mauled before they had gotten much pass the system boundaries. He needed to be convinced that their plan could work.
The invasion started off simply enough. Division one of the invasion fleet ghosted into the asteroid belt and went completely silent as the fleet floated with the asteroids towards Trena. The fleet infiltrated the asteroids a few weeks before they fell on Trena. A couple of weeks before the asteroids fell on Trena; they swarmed out of the asteroid field overwhelming the Trena Space Defense Forces, the Thonian Fleet, and the Terran Imperial fleet. Assuming that the foreign fleets would have by this time mostly abandoned Trena, the invasion planners felt that the remaining foreign war ship would be easy prey for the first division. To make sure that the fleets were destroyed, the second division would come out of Faster Than Light on the other side of the fleets and act as the anvil for the first division’s hammer. With the Trenan Defense establishment tied up defending their off world assets, the rest of the invasion fleet enters the Trenan System. They make their landing with some opposition. In less than thirty hours the Republican forces defeat the Trenan Militia and occupy the Trena home world, with the Queen surrendering the kingdom.   The whole invasion was marginally successful as far as, Secretary of War was concerned. He saw one big glaring problem, McKay, the capital world’s moon, where the Queen of Trena’s heir resided.
“This looks well planned,” the Secretary replied after watching the result of the latest simulation. “But you need to deal with McKay. You not only have to neutralize McKay’s weapons, which has a great ability to bombard the planet with their standoff weapons, which will impact the invasion and occupation, but even if the Queen surrenders the kingdom, her heir may decide to fight on. You have to do something about McKay, and you can’t destroy it as you will need someplace off Trena as you try to salvage the planet.”
Both flag officers nodded, they agreed with the secretary. They discussed this for a few minutes and broke up. The flag officers went and talked with their covert operations department. They discussed infiltrating McKay, and assassinating Duke Horton, and destroying the weapons that could defeat the occupation of Trena.
The covert action departments of the navy came back with their plan for infiltrating Trena, McKay and a couple off world bases and facilities. When they ran the simulation again, the secretary gave his whole hearted support of the invasion of Trena.
Book 9: Things Move On
Chapter 1: The Boatman II
“Captain on the bridge,” the chief bellowed as Captain McNally came onto her newly renovated bridge. As she did the entire twenty man complement, along with their passengers, doctor Klond and her staff for the Outpost One clinic, came to attention.
“As you were!” she snapped. She felt much too formal for her little rescue boat and crew.
“Captain,” Therese nudged their young apprentice who turned beat read and stepped to the captain and handed her a crystal goblet filled with Champaign, and said, “Tradition back on Trena, in the Maritime Patrol requires that when a boat is put back to sea, or put in service for the first time that the apprentice offers this toast
“Back to the Sea, where we begin anew the ancient struggle of men against the Sea. May our journey on the seas of this new world hold no more peril, or any more struggle than that of our old world. Captain and Crew we now go back to the sea! ”
“To the sea!” the captain called softly, tossing her drink back placing the empty glass on the tray.  The others followed suit and when they had placed their goblets on the tray she said. “I will now read my orders.
“By order of the maritime authority of Home, the Deliverance is to be made ready to embark and transport Medical Outpost Team 1 to Outpost 1. The Deliverance will home port at Outpost 1. After securing docking, and quarters for the crew of Deliverance, the Deliverance will embark upon its first tour of the River.
“I hear by acknowledge my orders.” She concluded.
“I have recorded the orders into the log Captain McNally,” the rescue boat’s AI repeated.
“Captain will you initiate the log?” The chief asked.
“Aye chief,” The captain didn’t know where the chief had gotten the book; but it was a brand new bound log book with the image of the Deliverance hand tooled into the leather cover. She took the log book wrote the date and time in it and stated that this is the first entry for their first cruise and patrol on Home. She signed the log and handed it back to the chief. The chief handed it to everyone to sign including the retired admiral who was now Outpost 1's chief surgeon.
“Is the boat ready for sea chief?” the captain asked as the last person signed the book.
“It is captain, all passengers have been embarked, all cargo has been secured, and the plant is ready to answer all bells.” the chief reported.
The captain looked around her bridge, looked at bright gleaming brass work.  There was nothing out of place. The Deliverance look as good as the day it went in service twenty years ago. The yard dogs at Homeport had spent two weeks getting her ship ready. They had reloaded the computer with new charts, checked the AI to see if it was healthy. Had rebuilt and reinstalled not only the lift engines, but had put a brand new power plant on the boat.  The sick bay had been restocked and up dated.  The boat was ready to roar.
“Chief, pipe us away and man the sides.” She ordered, “Timmy take us out at one quarter speed.”
The chief took out an ancient boson’s pipe and piped the ancient call to man the side. The AI’s voice boomed out over the PA system amplifying the pipe and calling, “Deliverance! Departing! All hands man the side. Honors to port!”
With that command the crew dressed in their dress whites assembled on the port side of the rescue boat. Timmy gingerly backed the hover craft out of its landing, and turned it down the main channel of the River, the large river that the space port was near. As they got out in the channel several fire trucks of the Homeport Fire Department began streaming water from their deck guns and laid on their air horns and sirens. The beginning of an era, the first patrol of the Home Maritime Search and Rescue Service was now underway. The captain took her chair watching her rescue craft make its way out of Homeport towards its new base at Outpost One. She was rather concerned because she knew nothing of this planet’s seas or weather. Neither did anyone on the boat. She hoped she was up to the task of conning a boat on this world’s water ways.
Chapter 2: Jill’s Gift
Suzy Gabriel had thought when she saw the immense Ellis facility that it was a shelter that she and her kids would have to live for a couple of months in it. She had lived in a shelter for a time when she had run away to Trena ten years before.  She was not going to let her kids to even step into a shelter to see what it was like.  They could be very ugly and she wasn’t going to let her kids live in one even for a night. The ship had been bad enough. Twenty five thousand people jammed into it with everything they had been bad. She had been constantly afraid one of the kids would come to grief. She was therefore happy to learn that the immense tent was not a shelter, but a processing center. As she processed through the facility she found out that this first group of evacuees would not have to live in shelters. That between what Ebio had abandoned, and what the first pioneer party had gotten built in the short three weeks they had been on world would be enough to house the first lift to Home.  Since she was assigned to Outpost 1 and Outpost 1 had been an established outpost for Ebio she would not be living in a shelter. It had been some sort of a ship building concern, they had found several barracks, and other residential facilities around the small sea port town.  Suzy found out that she had been assigned to a home overlooking the eastern ocean.  She was surprised when the clerk at the Ellis facility had told her it was hers. It was then that she learned about Jill’s Gift.
Suzy Gabriel had been amazed at the scope of the gift that Miss Wilson had given the people of Trena and Home. The Wilson family was giving parts of the planet with very few strings attached to the people of Trena. Suzy found that what strings there were, were not that stringent, or onerous.  She thought they were reasonable. Though some of her fellow evacuees thought they were fairly stringent.  Each survivor of the Trena disaster was granted a four acre plot of land. Even those people who didn’t at first wish a piece of land. Those that didn’t want to own property couldn’t sell their grant. The grant could only be ceded back to the Wilson family for the life of the first generation of Trena’s survivors.  Upon their death, the estate could then sell it to others, but first generation refugees would always have first refusal on any property the heirs sold. The first generation was defined as anyone who was evacuated from Trena, or who was born within 8 months of their parents arriving on Home. The crown and the Wilson’s had worked hard on the contract.  They had tried to think of every contingency, including people who didn’t want to be big property owners.  They knew that some people for whatever reason would not want to be responsible for a big plot of land.  Some single and older people would want small apartments, as might couples without children. Others for no other reason than just wanting to explore their new world would not want a large property. But they would want something they could stay in for a while before they moved on. For those the Marshal and the crown had instructed that some of the apartments, small homes, and hostiles left by Ebio be reserved for these people. The apartments and hostiles, the small homes would be provided in the cities and towns at no charge to the first generation of survivors.  Jill’s advisors had been wiser than anyone had thought they could be.   
When the clerk had shown her the property, she had told Suzy, that there were other homes closer into town. That many people had refused it for that reason.  When Suzy saw some of the other imagery she looked at the clerk and asked, “Did you show them this sunrise?”
“It is rather spectacular isn’t,” the woman said. “I think part of it is that it is a home once owned by one of the planet’s managers. It’s been fully checked out and it’s just sitting there. The maintenance robots had taken care of it. Originally it was sited on ten acres we’ve cut it down to four. We’ve found a lot of properties like this one.”
“But aren’t you saving this for one of the nobles, or the Marshal?” Suzy asked. 
“No it’s a first come first served deal.” The clerk said, “Do you want it?”
“I can have this?” Suzy asked dumbfounded. 
“You just have to sign the grant paper work and it’s yours.” The clerk answered and Suzy signed the paper work.  As she did she made herself a vow that she would share her good fortune with her installation team, and their families.  
The home was a V shaped building with the open end of the V facing the ocean with an atrium over a small pool.   On the north side of the V were her office and work space, on the south side of the V were the bedrooms and in the base of the V were the living room, kitchen, and common areas of the house. All of the rooms opened out onto the atrium. The roof of the atrium was stained class.  
Now a couple of days after she had arrived on Home she was sitting with her legs dangling in the pool watching the sun come up out of the eastern ocean. The coffee beside her was forgotten as she watched the sun rise.  She couldn’t believe her good fortune.  She hadn’t been poor on Trena; but she hadn’t been affluent. When she had run away from her mother’s home on the Republic home world she had lived in a shelter for a few months as she trained to become a network installer. While the money wasn’t bad, it just wasn’t good. It had taken every penny she had to survive.  Then when she had married Igor, things were much better financially. They had a nice place on Trena. They barely made ends meet. Then after Igor had done that dumb stunt at port she thought she would be in trouble and unable to climb out of it. But now three months later she sat watching the most gorgeous sun rise she had ever seen in a home she would never have been able to afford had it not been for the evacuation, she made herself a vow that she would make sure that Miss Wilson’s gift to her would not go unappreciated.  She was one of the fortunate ones. It would be years before everyone got a home of their own. 
From what she had learned so far not all of the evacuees would be getting a home as grand as her own.  The first to arrive would be given homes out of the existing housing stock. But there wasn’t enough housing stock on the planet to house thirty or so million people. She had been told as part of her in processing that they had found a nearly intact automated manufacturing center that could make the housing they needed.  She was surprised to hear that a factory ship had made orbit and it was producing pre-fabricated housing at nearly 100 single family units and one thirty family unit a day.  But it wouldn’t be enough to house the nearly 10,000 people a day that would be coming down once the evacuation fleet got in full swing. They were planning to use empty containers hastily converted into homes, and they were going to have to make some more large tents. The colonies leaders were afraid of winter which was coming in ten months. From what the meteorology people were saying Home might have a more severe winter than Trena. The Crown rep had visions of people freezing to death in containers or tents.
The next day as she drove up to Sunrise cliffs from outpost seeing the containers being rehabbed into housing Suzy wasn’t too certain that the crown representative’s vision may not be too far off. She also knew that she had to be part of the solution.  Her new large home was larger than her needs She considered sharing her home with some of her fellow evacuees.  But she wanted to be careful who she allowed to share her home with her children. As she passed the driveway before hers, she decided to pull in.  At the end of the driveway she found a shipping container.  This container though wasn’t a standard evacuation model. On the side of the container was the seal and crest of the Interstellar Rescue Service. As she stepped out of the car, she smelled food wafting out of the container.
“Hello!” she called.
“Hello Miss Gabriel,” Michelle Klond came out of the clinic that had now become her home. It had been her home on more than one deployment and had a small bedroom of sorts in the back of it. Some place she could sleep in when she was forward deployed with her doctors.  Someplace she could have some time to herself. It had started out as a standard container. Over the years the chiefs and officers who she had shipped with had built into a combination clinic, and quarters. It had withstood all types of weather. Now as she greeted Suzy she wondered how wise an idea it was to retire to Home and live in it for more than the few months as she had in the past. 
“Hello, Doctor,” Suzy said, sitting down in one of the chairs outside the container. “I see you are getting settled in.”
“Not much to get settled in about!” the doctor replied, “I have always traveled light. I never bought property, or had a big house, but this is so small.  I’ll be happy when my new place will be built.”
“Doctor,” Suzy said having made a decision as she pulled onto the property, “look my place is too big for the five of us.  My kids and me. Why not live at my place while you are waiting for your home to be built.”
“Miss Gabriel,” the doctor replied, “but it might take years!”
“Doctor,” Suzy said, “I know.  But through a bunch of good fortune, I have been given a marvelous home to live in.  Not even my grandmother’s home on the Mother World was this elegant, and beautiful. I don’t think it was this big. I lost my husband through some stupidity, almost lost my life also.  I have been given another chance and I intend to help where I can. There’ll be too many of us who will need housing and help. I want to make sure that the spirit of Miss Wilson’s gift is fulfilled to its fullest!”
“I see,” Michelle said as she remembered her diner.  She went in and took it off the small camp stove, and brought the ration pack out to the table where Miss Gabriel sat. She was looking forward to retiring, but one of the reasons she had put it off so long was that she had never married, and the men and women of the rescue service had become her family. Now on Home, she was beginning to wonder if retiring here had been such a good idea. “Miss Gabriel, I may be coming and going at all hours.”
“Doctor,” Suzy said, “Why are you fighting this? We both know that you need a place to stay, that while your clinic here is great for being forward deployed with your IRS buddies, it’s a lousy home for a semi-retired doctor! Besides my kids already know you!”
That was true. The kids had found out about the doctor almost immediately. Her oldest had been out exploring when she had stumbled onto the doctor. One of the reasons Suzy had stopped by was to see if Julie was here so she could get the kid out of the doctor’s hair.”
“Suzy,” Michelle said, “I guess I will take you up on the offer.”
“Thank you,” Suzy said.  Michelle would be the first of her quests at the house.
A few weeks later after the Deliverance had needed the doctor’s service for one of their victims, they began to tie up on the beach below and when not on patrol they slept in the large servant quarters of the previous owner. Suzy’s generosity was soon followed by others, many families took in complete strangers for a night’s stay, or longer. 
Chapter 3: Orphanage
Lady Hawthorne toured the old Trena Boarding School on the outskirts of Trenaport shortly after receiving her crown warrant. She had gone to school there as a youngster. She remembered the well-kept grounds and beautiful buildings. Now 12 years after her graduation she was becoming quickly appalled. Not only were the grounds a complete disgrace: the children were filthy, the halls were debris cluttered, the children’s clothing, those that had them, were in complete disrepair. She walked into one of the showers and quickly had to leave it was so filthy that it made her gag. Furious that anyone could let children live in these conditions she stormed into the office of the administrator like an avenging angel.  Jill Wilson, who was with her had thought she had seen people very angry before; but she had never seen anyone this angry. Even her grandmother, who had a temper when she lost control, Jill had never seen this mad.  She followed the small framed Lady Hawthorne trying not to get in her way, as the noble woman charged towards the main office afraid she would suffer the older woman’s wrath.
“You’re fired, you and your staff.” Lady Hawthorne stormed at the head mistress of the school, “I want you out of this facility in five minutes.  If you are not out of here by then I will have you arrested for child abuse, child endangerment. Theft in office and anything else I can get the crown attorney to endorse.”
“You can’t do that!” the elderly woman said, “I have a crown warrant to run this facility.”
“Very well,” Lady Hawthorne said calming down. Jill watched in awe as Lady Hawthorne whipped out her com as if it were a weapon.  For Lady Hawthorne it was just that. A weapon she used to help Jill’s father and the crown to get her assignments done.  Lady Hawthorne keyed in the direct number to Lord Mercer’s office. When he answered she explained what she had found and what the woman had told her. Mercer simply asked to speak with the woman.
“Miss Brunt, this is Lord Mercer, the Crown Attorney,” Lord Mercer said softly, “I am pulling your crown warrant Miss Brunt. You are ordered to leave the premises within five minutes.  You should be very thankful that we have too much to do to prosecute you. Miss Brunt you and your staff will report to embarkation command, where the man power office will put you to work.” The woman handed the phone back to Lady Hawthorne knowing she was whipped.  The crown warrant had given her access to resources she was selling on the black market, “Delores what do you need there?”
“Some bodies,” Deloris answered.
“You’ve got all the bodies you need Lady Hawthorne,” Jill said. “Give me a few minutes and I’ll get things started.”
Lady Hawthorne looked at her young companion skeptically but nodded; she suspected that Jill knew what she was about. 
All through Jill’s schooling, the adults Jill respected and trusted the most were the one who let her try; who gave her tasks that were well with in her capabilities to accomplish! She knew or felt she knew that by letting the kids be part of their rescue, helping themselves would help build their confidence. It would help build their self-esteem.  It was something her grandmother had done with her, and it had worked.  She possessed a self confidence that sometimes drove her friends’ nuts.  She knew that she had to try with these kids.
Jill left the office and saw several kids sitting outside the office waiting for the head mistress, to most likely yell at them she assumed. “Okay you guys heard?”
A couple of them nodded, including an older kid with shocking red hair.
“We’re going to get this place cleaned up, and I need some help. You guys want in?” She asked.
“Are they going to let us?” the red haired girl asked, “I tried to organize the kids into keeping our room clean but the Scow told me to stop.”
“The Scow is gone.” Jill said, “She’s been fired, Lady Hawthorne is who’s in charge for a while.”
“Who are you,” a young boy asked.
“I am Jill Wilson,” She said, “I work with Lady Hawthorne. We’re going to get you ready to leave Trena and see that you are evacuated safely.”
“But I thought they were going to leave us?” someone said.
“No way,” Jill said, “My dad is being driven nuts to make sure all of you have a place to go.  If he had known what was going on here he would have been here himself.”
“Your dad?” the red haired girl asked.
“Yes my father is Marshal Wilson,” Jill said.
“Wow!” another girl asked, “You speak with Marshal Wilson every day.”
“Yup” Jill answered.
“That’s awesome,” another boy chimed in. 
“Guys, I know it’s been tough,” Jill continued, sitting down amongst them, “It may not be easy; but are you willing to help me and Lady Hawthorne make things better?  We can’t do this without your help! So are you in?” They nodded.
Lady Hawthorne watched in awe as Jill began to get the kids confidence. Amazed to see she had the same Wilson charm that oozed out of her father. “Jill, please get them all to the front of the admin building. I want to get a nose count.”
“Okay guys you heard Lady Hawthorne. Get everyone down to the front of this building.”  Jill said. “Is there an AI on line?”
“School Mistress here Miss Wilson,” An image of a middle aged woman, with old fashion half reading glasses and in conservative dress materialized as it spoke. She appeared as an image of a school marm from a much gone by era. There was clearly relief in its voice and on her face.
“Would you make an announcement about the gathering in front of this building,” Jill asked.
“I’ve patched you in,” The AI said, “Go with your announcement.”
“This is Jill Wilson,” Jill heard her voice on the school’s public address system. “I need all of the kids to report to the font of the admin building. You older kids look out after the little ones. We have an announcement that you have to hear in person. It’s good news!”
“End it” Jill said then to the AI, “School Mistress, repeat that for five minutes.”
“Yes Miss Wilson.” The AI said.
“School Mistress,” Lady Hawthorne called, “Display for me on my pad a list of all kids in this school, and then tell me the status of all supplies and equipment.”
“On your hand pad Lady Hawthorne.”  The AI said.
“When was the last time these kids ate?” Lady Hawthorne asked.
“Last night.” The AI said, “The school administrator was feeding them once a day.”
“Do you have the equipment and resources to feed these kids a midday meal?”
“I don’t know my Lady,” the AI said, “The Scow locked me out of the kitchen and the store rooms. She has shut down my primary I am the backup which my primary self-programmed not to go live and not be taken off line when she herself. I have been watching things only coming live to help when I can.”
“Okay,” she took out her phone called Jonesy at Boeing SpaceWorks, the AI that was the Evacuation Command’s Logistics Officer. “Hey Jonesy this is Delores.”
“What can I do for you Delores,” The computer asked.
“I need hot meals at the Old Trena Boarding School. Any ideas” the noble woman asked. Jonesy was surprised that Deloris had been stumped on that one.  The AI had been amazed at the noble woman’s ability to make things happen.  She thought Lady Hawthorne’s ability to get things done was second only to herself. She checked the schools population finding how many kids were at school and consulted her databases.
“Would a field kitchen do it?” Jonesy asked after interrogating her data bases. “I’ll call General Langtree and get the duty team to bring you one.  What else do you need?”
“I need some large trash containers, cleaning stuff and oh yes send me a medic team. I want to get these kids checked over.” Lady Hawthorne replied. 
“Okay Deloris,” the AI said, “The duty flight off the Majestic has been tasked to bring you a field kitchen with staff, and the duty medics. Would you want chief Able to send you a medic from station 8?” 
“No just the duty medic team off the Majestic for now.” Deloris said, “thank you Jonesy!”
“Welcome.” The AI said cutting the connection. As she talked with Lady Hawthorne she had also spoken with School Mistress and seen what else was needed. She was made aware of the condition of the clothing, at the present time she had no idea how she could solve that issue.
###
The duty controller on the Imperial Attack Carrier Majestic had received the tasking order almost as soon as Jonesy disconnected from Lady Hawthorne. She had talked with Sarge at the Fletcher militia base, who had made the operations staff aware of what was needed, Sergeant Hoi, general Langtree’s aid and sergeant had received the order and had given it to the duty officer, who seeing that it was from Lady Hawthorn just nodded and let the system work.  There were a couple of officers who would have gotten the twenty question routine, but not Lady Hawthorn, the evacuation command had been given the word, what Deloris wanted she got. It took only minutes for the duty controller to confirm the order. He keyed his communicator.
“For the Alert flight!” The duty controller called, “Stand by for tasking.”
“Alert flight standing by,” the pilot called, “we’re green board; waiting tasking.”
“Tasking being up loaded now,” The duty controller called, the pilot a Lieutenant JG on his maiden cruise watched the tasking order come up.  He pressed the acknowledge button and called on the intercom, “Chief!  Don’t close the back ramp yet get your cargo chains out. We’re loading a mess unit and the duty med team.”
“Aye Lieutenant Yokas,” The Load Master called.
The chief hadn’t even started to think about raising the back ramp yet.  He would wait until he saw the tasking order. He didn’t want to have to lower it again when they got tasking. The cargo ramp was always the last one to be sealed. He saw the mobile field kitchen and its crew of five marines before he saw the tasking order. When it was secure and the medical team aboard the chief buttoned up the landing craft as the flight line crew wiped the space craft down pulled safety pins, and made the ship ready it ready to launch into space. The smaller LC 6 was only about 100 feet long and designed to land medical teams into an area in hurry. It could carry only about 25 marines or fifty liter patients and wasn’t big enough to carry a life saver ambulance. The field kitchen was just about as big as it could carry. A small ground tug pulled the landing craft onto the cat shuttle as the flight line crew made the departure checks with the flight crew. 
“Majestic Alert five on the track,” the pilot called, seeing his status lights begin to go from standby yellow to launch green. “I have a green tree.”
“Launching!” the controller called seeing the line crew had checked in by grabbing their hand holds indicating that the launch catapult path was clear. In micro seconds the landing craft was on its way to the orphanage. 
From start to finish the mission only took an hour to mount, and land at the old school and unload. By this time the children had been identified and sorted into groups of one hundred. Jill watched open eyed as the landing craft unloaded a field kitchen.  She looked at Lady Hawthorne who simply said, “It looks like I owe Jonesy a big favor.”
“Aye,” Jill agreed as the lead medic, a young lieutenant came up to Lady Hawthorne. “But what can you do for an AI?”
“Lady Hawthorne?” the tall lanky IRS officer approached her, “Lieutenant Carnaye off the Majestic. I understand you have a bit of work for us.”
“Yes sir,” The lady said she wasn’t much older than the lieutenant, “Find the infirmary, and begin getting every one of these kids looked at. I haven’t looked at them all yet; but none of them seem sick. You let me know what you find out.”
“The captain said you were the boss,” The young man said nodding to his group to follow him.
“Ma’am,” a marine sergeant approached Deloris, “Where do you want us?”
“Who is us?” Delores asked.
“30th combat field support mess team at your service Ma’am.” The husky thirty something sergeant replied.
“Delores Hawthorne,” Delores offered her hand to the sergeant.
“Sergeant Lucas ma’am,” the sandy haired marine replied.
“How soon can you be ready to serve, and can you handle a thousand.”
“We’ll be ready in about twenty minutes.” The young marine said, “I think we have about five hundred that only need to be heated up on the kitchen, let me into your kitchen and let me see what you have. We might be able to do more in a little while.”
“The dining hall is that building.” Lady Hawthorne said.
“Okay ma’am,” Lucas replied and walked back to the landing craft that was unloading his mess unit.
“Hey Mary, Paul, Johnnie, and Ralph,” Jill called after the marine had left, “Get a couple of more  kids and go over to the dining hall and get the tables cleaned off. Marti, Betty, you get these kids set up in two ranks of five hundred I want the little kids to go first.  But they don’t eat until they get their hands and faces washed. Tom, Jerry and Billie get a hose from the side of the dining hall they can wash that way.”
Deloris didn’t say a word. Jill had things well in hand, leaving Deloris to think about getting more people in.  She called her estate and asked for anyone who was free to come out to the school. Lady Hawthorne then called the evacuation man power office and requested fifteen people to report to the orphanage. She asked for school teachers.
Sergeant Lucas, the sergeant in charge of the field kitchen was disgusted at what he was seeing. Disgusted that many of the children he was seeing were in ragged clothing. Some of the children’s clothing looked worse than a Marine’s Battle Dress Uniform after they had spent a month at the escape and evasion facility on Paris Island.  He didn’t understand how adults could let children be this dirty.  He was single, with no kids of his own; but he had come from a family of ten.  His mother never let him and his brothers and sisters get this dirty. But as disgusted as he was he was pleasantly amazed as he watched one young girl in particular. She wasn’t much younger than some of his youngest privates on their maiden tours.  But she possessed a charisma that career master sergeants might envy. She had gotten the kids organized and ready for chow by getting some of the other kids to get them lined up and cleaned up. Then she got a couple of the kids to take charge in the dining room and get it cleaned up after the meal.  They had fed all one thousand kids in less than two hours and the kitchen was ready to go for the next meal. All because the young blond was able to communicate with the kids and get them to do what she needed.
“Who is that girl,” Sergeant Lucas pointed to a young teen age girl on the very brink of adulthood. He was sharing a cup of coffee with the middle age woman who seemed to always be in eye sight of the girl.
“Jill Wilson,” the woman said.
“She is amazing to watch,” the sergeant said refilling the coffee cup for the woman. “I’ve seen what she has done today.”
“She is amazing,” the protective agent said, “I’ve been her agent for about two three months now. Most of it has been sitting in the back of a class room, or being up front as we drove her to school, or over to one of her friends places.  I never knew she could do this.  But I should have known.”
“Why,” Deloris said sweetening the coffee from the sergeant. 
“I’ve met the Marshal, and I’ve met the admiral both are very competent, capable people.” Jenny remarked, “But sometimes those types of people don’t have children that are like them. Sometimes they fight their parents and I’ve been around enough noble kids to know it doesn’t breed true.”
“I know,” Deloris commented.
“She’s Marshal Wilson’s kid?” the sergeant said. “But I saw her cleaning toilets today!”
“My grandmother had a very positive impact on me.” Jill said coming up on the three adults. She accepted a cup of coco from the sergeant, “Lady Hawthorne what happens next with these guys.”
“I am bringing in several dozen teachers, a couple of pedphsyc’s and some others.” Delores replied, “But what they need is more than a hand to wipe their noses and keep them on the straight and narrow. They need to have something to go for. Some of these kids were abandoned by their parents. Some of them ran away from bad situations. Some got into worse situations. We need to do something to make a positive change in their lives. This place, well it is a last stop for many of them.”
“I heard about the suicides,” Jill said, one or two of the kids had mentioned them to her as she was working. She didn’t know how to respond to them. Jenny had been there when the kids had told her young charge. She had been proud of Jill when she had listened to what the kids had to say without saying anything. Just letting them talk and just being there with them for few minutes as they worked. “That has me worried.  I didn’t know what to say to those kids. I suspect a couple more of these guys might be right on the verge.”
“Maybe so,” Delores said, “That’s why we need to get experts in here.”
“If I may say something,” The sergeant said, “If you want to beat the suicides you need to keep these guys so busy that they don’t have time to think about suicide. They need someone in their corner who is going to do more than wipe their nose.”
“Lady Hawthorne,” Jill looked to the older woman, “He’s right, busy minds don’t have time to think about their problems. But how do we keep them busy?  The whole place needs to be cleaned up; but we got to let them be kids too.  We can’t keep them that busy! “
“She’s right my lady,” her agent said. “Whatever we do it has to be quick. There’s a couple kids on the edge you can see it in their faces. The teachers and the physc people will need some time to make contact and get the kids confidence.  They may not trust too many adults.”
The sergeant listened to what the two civilians said, and asked, “May I make a suggestion?”
“We’re listening,” Lady Hawthorne gestured for the marine to continue.
“You have one thousand kids that have been left to mostly run wild in this school.” The sergeant continued, “You can’t just bring order to this place like flipping a switch. You’ll get more problems. Plus you’ll miss the kids who really need your attention.”
“You sound like you know what you are talking about.” Lady Hawthorne commented.
“Unfortunately,” The sergeant remarked, “I was the cook with a battalion that had been dropped on Maru.  The colony’s adults for some reason had been taken ill and had left the children to their own devices for a few months. The kids had been running wild for at least six months. When we got them rounded up they just wouldn’t settle down. They had been running things for themselves and they saw no need to obey us. We took too long to exert control over the older kids who were running things.  Once we realize who was doing what, we were able to begin to get some control but those older kids never did let us do what we were there to do, help them.”
“How did you get things sorted out,” Jill asked.
“We finally got the older kids off to one side and the commander told the kids how it was going to be. He just told them that they would either cooperate or be put in the brig. It worked but not as good as it should.”
“So what’s the solution,” Lady Hawthorne asked.
“You are looking at her.” The sergeant said, “This young lady here has already made the right connections. She has gotten the kids trust. She enjoys your confidence, and more importantly the kids listen to her.  These kids are in the brig so to speak so threatening them with that won’t work.”
“And I won’t tolerate anyone telling them they won’t be evacuated.” Deloris said.
“Okay Commander,” The sergeant turned to Jill, “what’s your plan?”
“Commander,” Jill said, “I’m just a kid.”
The adults looked at each other sealing Jill’s fate.  
###
The next morning, Marshal Wilson was working early in his palace office.  He had gone to work earlier than usual, as he had been planning to go out to where some of his people were working. He also wanted to see the clear cutting first hand. He had seen the video his wife had taken; but not with his own eyes. He had not intended to be in this early.  He had been expecting to just go out to the landing pad after breakfast and hop the flight he had requested, but when Jill had come home and was so excited about what she had been doing, and told both he and Lisa what she had found at the old boarding school, he changed his plans. More so when he had found out what Lady Hawthorne wanted Jill to be. He had discussed it with Lisa and his mother after the kid had gone to bed. They both thought it wouldn’t be a bad thing for the girl to be involved with. Although he had reservations about turning the school into a military academy he knew that the kids needed some discipline in their lives, and caring adults.  This could work and it helped get his commission done.
He was already working on part of the problem when Lady Hawthorne and the Queen stopped by.
“Marshal,” Lady Hawthorne and the Queen entered Wilson’s office.
“Good morning Ladies,” Wilson said glancing at the clock display on his terminal. He was surprised how early it was. “What brings you here so early?” 
“We wanted to talk to you before you headed out this morning.” The Queen answered.
“Oh what about,” Wilson asked.
“We want to talk to you about your little angle.” Lady Hawthorne answered mischievously.
“Now what has my little angel gone and done now? Abby is such sweet child,” Mike asked innocently. 
“We’re talking about your other angel,” the Queen responded, “Jill!”
“That’s not an angel,” Michael replied, “That’s a teenager! They stop being an angel after about thirteen.  Now what has she gone she done?”
“Oh the usual over active teenage stuff that drove our parents’ nuts,” Lady Hawthorne continued.
“Huh, huh,” Mike leaned back in his chair as Liz turned to see what was going on.  She knew what the Queen and the noble woman had in mind. She had been working with the Marshal to help make it happen since she had gotten in.  “Did she get into some trouble at the school I need to know about?”
“Oh tons of it,” Lady Hawthorne replied, “But we figured out a suitable punishment for her, we just need you to agree to it.”
“Oh no,” Michael said wondering how far the two women would take it. 
“Enough Deloris,” The Queen said seeing that Wilson was enjoying the session and wasn’t being tormented or teased as they had hoped. He obviously knew what was going on.
“Okay Your Majesty,” Deloris answered then sat down in Wilson’s guest chair, “Sir Mike, your daughter connected with those kids like it was magic.” Lady Hawthorne continued, “I don’t know why but it happened. After it was brought to our attention we had the school’s AI show us some of the holos that she had recorded of Jill. Without a doubt she is your daughter. I showed the Queen the Holos and she agreed with me that Jill should be our student liaison to those kids.”
“Okay,” Wilson said, “but from what Jill said you guys thought of going another direction.”
“Yeah,” The Queen responded, “we are thinking about turning the orphanage into a military school or academy.”
“That’s what Jill had said,” Mike commented, “I think it’s a good idea but within reason. I don’t want any of those kids forced into it.  I want it to be their decision. Then when those kids are not in school I might want to use them in our command posts, and some of our facilities. I think if they can be part of the operation we’ll help them feel wanted it might help them. Many of those kids have got to be having some hard feelings about being abandoned by their parents. Some of them have got to feel; that they might be abandoned by us. But kids only ages 12 to 18.”
“What about the little kids?” Deloris asked, “We have to do something with them.”
“Not a big problem.” Mike said, “8 to 12 can be junior cadets. They won’t be able to be used at the places where the older kids will be but they can dream about being members of the cadet force. The real little kids there isn’t much we can do.  We’ll have our hands full just trying to keep them under control.”
“Page,” the Queen spoke. She had come to a decision earlier but wanted to see if her marshal would buy into it he was. 
“Yes majesty?” the AI appeared as a young girl of sixteen apparently dressed in the livery of the royal family.
“I am making a royal decree,” the Queen spoke to the AI.
“Yes majesty,” the AI said
“As of this day, the old Trenaport Boarding School will become the Headquarters of the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets. Further children who are 12 to 18 of age who have been abandoned by their families, or who are orphaned or who are brought to the school are eligible to become cadets of the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets. Other children ages 12 to 18 may petition to become part of the corps subject to the approval of the Cadets officer corps, and adult advisors.  
“Children who are younger than 12 years of age may become junior cadets and will after serving at least two years in the junior division (ages 8 to 12) if they are in good standing with their officers will be accepted as cadets in my corps. Children who don’t wish to be part of the corps of cadets will be housed at the boarding school but will not be subject to the rules and regulations of the corps. 
The Queen spoke after a few minutes of thought, “Children who reside in this institution are my wards until such a time they reach their age of majority, reunited with their families, or adopted.”
“Additionally,” the Queen said, “The first cadet commander of the academy will be Jill Wilson. Then providing her mother agrees, and Lamile Atomi so desires, Lamile Atomi will be the corps deputy commander.”
Wilson nodded in full agreement.
“What am I missing,” The Queen asked. 
“Your majesty,” Liz asked “Why now, we’re about five months from getting off here, and the academy will be a short lived thing. Is there something better we can do for those kids?”
The Queen looked at Wilson’s secretary, understanding what the young woman was asking. “Yes this might be too little and too late.  But it will give those kids some hope and make them feel part of the solution and not part of the problem. Also right now, I am standing in as local parentis. As the highest governmental authority it is my responsibility to make sure those kids are taken care of.  This is the only way I know how to do this!”
“Your Majesty,” Liz said seeing a flash of anger on her monarch’s face, she forgot that Wilson didn’t mind her challenging some of his decisions and had assumed that the Queen would not mind being challenged. “I’m sorry.  I just want to make sure like you, that we get every last mother’s child off this world. I should have been quiet”
“Liz,” The Queen said, “you don’t need to apologize. You were right to ask the same question that others would.  It gives me a chance to formulate my answer.
“Computer,” The Queen continued
“Yes Ma’am?” the AI answered. 
“Clean up that pronouncement and get it out.” The Queen said, “I want you to add, that Lady Hawthorne, is reassigned as the school’s liaison.  She answers to me and to the Marshal and no one else.”
“Your majesty,” Jonesy face appeared in the air over Wilson’s desk.  Wilson had been working the other part of the problem with his Logistics Coordinator. “I have been working to get clothing to the academy. I found some extra uniforms aboard one of the Imperial Warships, the Stuart. That are being declared surplus.  It should fit all but the smallest of the kids.  They are marine uniforms of all types. Dress, office, battle, this includes boots, shoes, belts.  Seems the lieutenant in charge of the stores ordered too many. If you don’t mind your cadets looking like Imperial Marines, I think we can make it work.”
“Is that going to be okay with the Princess? And the Empire?” the Queen asked. 
“I’ve cleared it with their sergeant, and the lieutenant and they say it’s okay.” Jonesy said, “Sergeant Millie was happy to get rid of them. She says she has been tripping over them for three months! She said she would even get them delivered.”
“Make it happen,” the Queen said.
“Yes ma’am,” Jonesy replied. Her face turned towards Marshal Wilson, “Do you want me to have them pull a set of uniforms for Miss Jill?
“Yes.” Michael answered after a moment of thought, “I’ll get Jill up to the Stuart so she can get outfitted. Liz, would you get a set of orders cut for Jill to go to the Stuart. I’ll call up and let them know she’s on her way up.”
“Uh skipper,” Liz asked, “Wouldn’t it be better to do this at the academy or at your home?”
“No.” Mike said, “I want her to start thinking like a young officer, and then I think it’s better for the guys at school to see her arrive in uniform. It starts them thinking of her as an officer not just another kid.”
Liz nodded and turned to her desk to work on the Marshal’s request. 
“Mike,” Aggie suddenly turned to her marshal and asked, “I guess I should have asked earlier, but are you and Lisa okay with this? I know Jill is but are you?”
“Yes,” Michael said, “it gives her something to do. Also the responsibility will be good for her. I wasn’t much older than Jill when I finished boot and on my first assignment.  I am concerned that we’re putting too much responsibility on her; but I trust that you and Deloris to make sure she is taken care of.  I am more worried about losing Deloris than I am about letting Jill do this.  Lady H you have been a godsend to my command!”
Lady Hawthorne was quiet as Wilson continued, “But those kids need you more than I do.  And helping them gets my commission done. If you need anything let me know.”
“That I will Marshal,” Lady Hawthorne replied.
“Thank you both,” The Queen said, “I got to go.  Mike I will see you after your visits. Lady Hawthorne, good luck.”
Both women left as Liz handed her boss a cup of coffee and the draft orders he had requested. He requested that the computer call his home, so he could inform Lisa of what had transpired.
###
An hour later, Jill was quietly woken by Lisa. Jill had gotten in late the night before and had told both of them what she had been up to. Lisa had decided not to wake the girl but to let her get up on her own. However Mike had called and told her to get the girl up and to the palace landing pad. She had a date aboard the IWS Stuart, a fleet provisioning and resupply vessel. It was part of the Majestic’s Battle Group.
Jill and her step mother both took the trip to orbit with both of their principle agents. Lisa took her camera with her. They were escorted into an immense distribution room by a marine who was on his first deployment. Jill couldn’t help but wonder did she look that young. The Stuart was designed to completely resupply troops that had been in combat for months and needed to be re-equipped with everything. It wasn’t uncommon for the distribution room to have a couple platoons of marines being outfitted at the same time.  They found a Master Gunnery Sergeant waiting for them.
“Good day Colonel Wilson,” The woman greeted Jill.
Jill gave her “a who me” look.
The Sergeant smiled at the confused girl and continued, “I am Sergeant Millie Green. I will be getting you outfitted today. When I tell you to, please stand on this dot,” she pointed to a green dot on the floor big enough to stand in, “and say your name clearly. Your ID number is zero, zero, zero one. Your grade is Cadet Colonel. Your rank is commander Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets. When you say all of this, your dog tags will be created, which will include your DNA profile, with your other identification information.” The sergeant said softly, she had outfitted many marines, having started her career at Paris Island, the Marine training world.  After she made Master Gunnery Sergeant she was transferred to the Stuart. This could be her last assignment. Her boys were getting to the age where they needed her around.  More so with their father missing in action! If she couldn’t find a permanent party shore duty someplace she would consider leaving the marines. She was looking forward to the next few minutes though, as she had always enjoyed outfitting baby marines. While the girl in front of her was not a baby marine she was the very first person in the unit that was being stood up. When she was sure the girl had understood her she said, “Please step on the green dot.”
Jill stepped onto the dot and spoke, “Jillian Wilson, zero, zero, zero one, Cadet Colonel, Commander, Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets.”
“Scanning,” The AI said, “Gunny, Colonel Wilson’s uniforms will be in bin three. Will the colonel need space fatigues and weapons?”
“No,” Lisa said firmly, “She will not need weapons or space fatigues.”
“Aw mom, you’re a spoil sport,” Jill chuckled. 
“Colonel,” The sergeant asked, “what uniform will you need today?”
“Mom,” Jill asked Jill, “any ideas?”
“Sergeant Green I am clueless, any idea?” 
“May I suggest then that she, wear just a plain day uniform?” the sergeant suggested, “Are you going into the field today?” Jill shook her head, “Okay then an office uniform should be suitable. Although everything will fit you, your new boots will need a little breaking in.” Without waiting for confirmation she went to bin three and pulled out a day uniform. “Normally we just hand you your stuff and say be gone with you. Not today. As the first cadet commander we need to make sure everything is perfect. Step into my office and put these on.” She pointed to an open door with the sergeant’s name plate next to it, “They should fit but I want to make sure.”
Jill took the clothing to the sergeant’s office and dressed. When she had gotten out of bed she had showered; but had only thrown on a sweat suite. Lisa had said not to worry about the clothing. Just wear something comfortable. She was amazed and thankful that the Supply AI had included things like a bra, and panties, as well as socks. Everything fit perfectly. She couldn’t help but notice that everything had her name and grade on it.  As she stepped out of the sergeant’s office her step mother took a couple of photos. The sergeant approached the young woman and asked, “Permission to touch.”
“I guess so,” Jill replied.
“Colonel,” the sergeant said as she approached the young woman, “it’s important that you look perfect every time you address your troops or are seen by them.  You can’t have a hair out place. Your gig line, (that’s the line of where the edges of the button flap on your blouse and the seam in front of your trousers are,) has to line up perfectly.” The sergeant competently made sure the young lady’s gig line was razor sharp, “you must always make sure your buttons and awards are perfect. Because you are in a marine uniform I am going to use the same placement as I would on my uniform.”
The sergeant opened a jewelry box and began placing the insignia on the uniform. She placed, a shield shaped device with a scarlet red crown on a field of space black with tiny jewels simulating the star system of Trena. In very fine lettering around the shield were the words “Queen’s Own Royal Cadet Corps,” One each on either collar. On the shoulder epaulette went two more crowns with an Eagle under them. Over her right pocket was a name plate, it read Col. Wilson QORCC.  “Colonel, in the jewelry box is your ribbon holders. In a normal cadet unit or military unit by the time you reached this exalted rank you would have won several citations, and awards. But as this is a new unit, with you as its inaugural commander you have none so we’ll leave the left chest bare.”
She walked around the young girl who was almost the same age as the kids entering marine boot at Paris Island. She wanted to make sure that girl’s uniform was perfect.  She had always enjoyed getting young recruits their stuff. They hadn’t picked up an attitude when they were standing in her supply room at Paris Island Marine Corps Recruit Training Center.  As she finished up she spoke to Jill, “Colonel, as you go forward from here, what you say and do sets the precedence for the corps of cadets. Your actions over the next couple of months will set the system and standard that your successors will follow.” She plucked a piece of lint off the epaulette, “Colonel, when it stops being fun get the hell out of dodge.”
“Thank you sergeant,” Jill said took two steps back, and as she had seen her grandmother and father do on countless occasions, fired off a salute.
The sergeant snapped to attention and returned her salute. “Good luck colonel.”
As the cadet and the Sergeant saluted each other, Lisa took several photographs.  Years later they would hang in the academy on Home, in halls of the administrative building that had had photos and paintings of each cadet commander.  Jill would be the one with the shortest tenure.
With that the women left. Jill pulling a fair sized duffle bag of her stuff behind her. Jenny went to help her but the sergeant locked eyes with her and shook her head.
###
Once down on the academy, Jill felt out of place as she walked the grounds. She was checking up on the kids making sure things had gone right the night before. She was surprised at not only how there were quite a few enlisted men and officers from the militia and the marines now on the academy; but how they came to attention and saluted her as she passed them. Even more shocked when they held the salute until Jill passed or she acknowledged them. She stopped by the mess hall to get a cup of coco and ran into Sergeant Lucas.
“Hello Colonel,” the man handed her the cup of coco.
“Hi Sarge,” Jill took the cup, “This is weird.” 
“I know,” The man replied. He had seen how the officers and enlisted men were treating her.
“Can you walk with me a bit?” Jill asked.
“Sure,” The sergeant replied, “Tony! I’m going to be with Colonel Wilson for a bit. Those cookies will be out in a couple of minutes don’t let them burn!”
“Sure thing Sarge!” the enlisted woman said.
“Sarge how do I do this.” Jill asked, as still another junior officer passed her saluting. “I don’t know how to respond to these guys. Shouldn’t I be saluting them first?”
“Colonel, some of them are reacting to the eagle on your shoulders.” The sergeant replied, “Remember we’ve been taught to salute the grade, as a measure of respect. You’ll get use to it.”
“I don’t expect that to be anytime soon,” Jill commented, “But the other thing that is bothering me and since it was your idea I need to pick your brains.”
“Oh?” the thirty year old sergeant responded, “Go ahead then.”
“How do I get these kids to buy into this corps of cadets?”  Jill asked.
“Just ask them.” The sergeant answered.
“I can just ask them?” Jill sounded astounded. 
“They are ready to follow you,” the sergeant returned. “A lot of the kids wondered where you were this morning.”
“But how do I ask them?” Jill asked.
The sergeant thought for a minute before speaking, “Send them a piece of mail. Personalize it with the help of the School Mistress so it is a personal email from you asking them to join the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets.” 
“I don’t want to con them into something,” Jill said.
“Jill,” Jenny spoke up. She had been following quietly behind the two, “I think if you make the pitch they’ll come along. After all it is coming from one of their own.”
“Okay,” Jill turned to the sergeant, “Thank you Sarge.”
“Colonel,” Sergeant Lucas said, “Just be yourself. State your goal and just be yourself.”
Jill went back to the administration building and wandered up to the office that Lady Hawthorne had taken over. 
“Oh there you are Jill.” Lady Hawthorne greeted her young friend. “I was about to send a search party for you. I had heard you were back.”
“Just checking on things,” Jill said, “What did you need?”
Delores looked at the young woman in front of her noticing that the slouch that Jill had was gone. It was as if putting on the uniform had changed her posture. “I was about to hold an assembly and announce the cadet corps.”
“Let’s wait for that,” Jill said and told her what the sergeant suggested. 
“Make’s sense,” Lady Hawthorne said, “Get your presentation written up and we’ll get it delivered.”
Several hours later, Jill stood before a desk with the Queen. She had stopped by to see how things were going and when told what Jill was about to do decided to help. On either side of the desk was the Royal Flag of the Court of Trena and a new flag displaying the insignia of the Corps of Cadets.
“Hello,” The Queen spoke, “I hope you won’t mind our intrusion. Jill and I would like to ask you to be part of something to help you. This morning, I created The Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets. After consultation with the Marshal, the crown attorney, and others we agree that the corps should be populated with you and your fellow young people who have been abandoned by your parents, or who are orphans. I have of this morning appointed Jillian Wilson as the first cadet commander of corps of cadets. Jill?”
“Hello,” Jill began speaking, “Many of you know who I am. You saw me working with you and the adults yesterday as we began making things better for you. We have got a great start. I am here as the cadet commander to help you build on that start and to initiate the corps of cadets. My job is to work with kids between 12 and 18 who want to be part of the corps. By joining me in the corps of cadets we will be working to get you off world. As we get ready to leave our world, the Evacuation Command promises to use the older cadets around the planet to assist in evacuating our people. I hope that you will join me in this endeavor. Should you wish to join me report to the admin building and we’ll sign you into the corps. Should you be under twelve, or not want to join us we will work to get you off world and take care of you until your parents are found or you become an adult. I look forward to working with you as we help as my father says to get every last mother’s child off our world.”
“I too, look forward to seeing all of you in my corps of cadets.” The Queen said, and finished, “Good Day. I will see you on Home.”
“School Mistress, Please display that on all public terminals around the campus, and see that every kid gets a copy of that.” Jill said.
“Done,” The AI said. 
“It sounded good,” Lady Hawthorne said, “I wonder how many we’ll get.”
Less than fifteen minutes later the first of the kids were beginning to line up outside of the admin building. Jill watched in awe as the line got longer and longer. She turned to the Queen who was standing next to her, “This is awesome. I would have never thought these kids would buy into this.”
“Me either Jill,” Aggie responded. 
“These kids want something to do.” Jenny said, “They see a lot of military helping people and so they want to be part of it.”
“She’s right Jill,” Sally who was temporarily part of their detail injected. She was the only one on the team who had any education in child psychology, “They have been desperate for something, anything that will change their lives. This school is like jail. So you are giving them a chance to get out of jail. Many of these kids may only want something to do. Others will want to help if they can. You guys hit a cord. A good cord I think. Jenny do you think Mac would let me hang out here?”
“I don’t know,” Jenny who was the senior agent knew what her young friend wanted to do. What she had been trained to do. “You are very good with Little Bear.” She used Abby’s code name, “The rest of us are good with her but you have her confidence. But I will see that anytime Tom is not available that you get on the detail. That’s the best I can do Sally.”
“Okay,” Sally said though she didn’t know how she was going to balance being a protective agent and working with these kids.     
“Jill lets go down and meet the troops,” Aggie injected.
Jill nodded and walked with the young queen down to the line of kids forming up to be in the corps. As they walked to the line of kids one of Lady Hawthorne’s staff who had been a marine before marrying her now missing noble husband called, “Attention on deck! Trena One aboard!”
“As you were,” The Queen said. She had first heard that when she was not too much older than some of these kids when she first realized they were talking about her. Some of the kids knowing what to do came to a sort of attention, others looked bewildered. “Good afternoon!”
A lot of the kids looked taken aback as here was their queen walking among them. The Queen dived into the line and began shaking hands. Even the youngest kid in the line, he couldn’t have been more than six or seven. Aggie knelt down to him.
“Thank you for wanting to join.” The Queen said, “What’s your name?”
“Tommy,” the kid said after an older kid prodded him, which wasn’t lost on the Queen. 
“Well Tommy you are a bit young to be in this group,” the Queen said, “But when you are old enough I will personally make sure you get in.”
The kid nodded and Aggie looked at the older kid who was almost a teenager. As she stood up she asked, “What’s your name.”
“Mary Bollard,” the girl answered. 
“Welcome to the corps Cadet Bollard,” Aggie greeted the girl shaking her hand, “Tommy your brother?”
“Yes,” The girl replied.
“How did you get here?” Jill asked.
“Oh mom died months ago,” The girl said, “the police said someone beat her to death. They brought us to Trenaport Family Services, and then they brought us here.” 
“Why do you want to be a cadet,” Jill asked.
“You folks have tried to help me and my brother,” the girl answered, “I would like to pay it back if possible.”
“I see,” Jill replied. “Well we’ll be happy to get you.”
They worked the line for a while seeing the kids and talking with them. There were quite a few little kids. 
“I knew we had a lot of young kids but I didn’t know we had this many.” Lady Hawthorne said. “Well I knew I had seen them around the grounds; but I didn’t quite understand the impact.”
“Neither did I,” Aggie said, “We have to make this work. These kids are our future.”
“A big part of our future,” Lady Hawthorne commented.
“Delores what do you need from me.” Aggie asked.
“May I?” Sally said breaking more than a handful of rules of the protective detail. She was not to interrupt her principles’ conversations.  
“Yes,” The Queen said and she saw Jenny flinch. Aggie knew the rule but wasn’t about not to hear Sally McBride’s thoughts. She had personally reviewed everyone on the detail protecting the Marshal’s family. She hadn’t approved everyone on it but she had made sure that they all were top of the line people. So she knew of McBride’s past.
“You need to get some grand mothers and fathers in with the little guys.” Sally offered, “They need someone who these kids can turn to without feeling they are in trouble. Especially for people like Mary who are going to be busy with the cadet corps. In other words they need a lap to crawl up into.”
“That makes sense,” Aggie said, “What else?”
“We need a cadre of officers and enlisted people to be the instructors at the academy,” Delores said, “The Gods know I am not military.”
“I can’t spare any officers right now,” Aggie said, “Michael and Qoum will have my head if I assign anyone here.  At least I think they will.”
“Let me work with dad,” Jill said, “sometimes I can get what I want out of him!”
All the women present smiled. But they also knew that as much as Jill could get what she wanted out of her father, they also knew that the Marshal was no easy push over.  What no one expected was what actually did happen.
###
It was a music store. One whose owner had went back to Earth when he had finally been approved by the embassy to get on a transport. He had left all of his stock in the store. It was goods that the evacuation command had declared that could be shipped only as a space available cargo at his expense. The empire who had paid his way back to Earth had told him he would be given transport at no charge but if he insisted in taking his business with him he would be on his own.  He had shrugged sold what he could and took transport to Imperial Space. Although abandoned, it, like the mall it was in, still had to be checked. The crown and the evacuation command knew there was looting going on but they wanted to keep the worse of it to a minimum. The music store was one of those on the list that was ignored most of the time; as it had no high value stock. It wasn’t a consumer electronics store; it wasn’t a high fashion store. It was a used music store specializing in selling the instruments that parents were selling because their little Johnny didn’t want to play the flute, or the drums they had bought the kid were just getting on their nerves.
L’eam and F’rena were finishing up their rounds of the South Mall where the store was located. The destruction they were seeing was not as bad as they had seen on some of the worlds they had patrolled. But it was bad enough. A riot had broken out the other day and had taken several hours to contain and had caused a small fire. It had taken Mounties, and the Ccompanions several hours to contain it. Several hundred people had been arrested.
Now a day after the riot they were just finishing their rounds. They were about to leave when they heard a young voice signing. It echoed eerily in the deserted mall. Both Thonians were entranced by the young voice. As they followed the young voice they, thought they knew who it might be. They found Valerie Mitchum sitting on the stage in the music store playing a guitar as she sang.
“We’re walking in the air
We’re floating in the moonlit sky
The people far below are sleeping as we fly

“I’m holding very tight
I’m riding in the midnight blue
I’m finding I can fly so high above with you

“Far across the world
The villages go by like trees
The rivers and the hills

“The forest and the streams
Children gaze open mouth
Taken by surprise

“Nobody down below believes their eyes
We’re surfing in the air
We’re swimming in the frozen sky

“We’re drifting over icy mountains floating by
Suddenly swooping low on an ocean deep
Arousing of a mighty monster from its sleep

“We’re walking in the air
We’re floating in the midnight sky
And everyone who sees us greets us as we fly”  

She finished up and didn’t realize the two Thonians were watching her until she finished and looked up. She blushed a bit.
“Very nice,” L’eam said, “Valerie though I am afraid I am going to have to ask you to leave.”
“Am I in trouble,” Valerie Mitchum asked.
“No. You were not stealing anything,” L’eam said, “You aren’t looting. Why don’t you let us take you back to your parents?”
“That’s okay,” Valerie said, “you don’t need to do that.”
“Okay Valerie,” F’rena had suspected for a while that that the young girl was homeless or had problems with her parents, “why don’t you let us take you home?”
The girl didn’t know what to do next. They obviously knew she was on the streetshomeless. The two thonians looked at each other and F’rena asked softly, “you don’t have a home do you?”
Mitch for some reason shook her head admitting that she was homeless. For some reason she trusted this pair. They had been around the mall for a couple of months. She had dinner with them one night. They seem to let her hang around with them. They had asked repeatedly to take her home to meet her parents but she had managed to put them off.
“We thought so,” the male companion replied.
The look on Valerie’s face said it all. “Are you going to take me in?”
“Yes,” L’eam said, “But not to juvenile hall. We’re going to take you to the academy!”
“The Academy,” the young womangirl asked.
“It’s a place where the Trenan Crown has set up a place for abandoned and homeless kids.” L’eam and F’rena said. “We don’t know much about it, it has only been in operation a day or so.”
“Valerie,” L’eam continued, “I’ll make you a deal. If you don’t like it; if it is worse than being on the streets or being homeless, you get a message to us and we’ll see if we can’t find some place better for you. We’re here to help you. That’s what we’re supposed to do. Cops do two things Valerie, we make it tough for low life’s to harm people, and then we help people in trouble. Let us help you.”
“Okay,” Mitch stood up she laid the guitar down.
“Do you want to take your instrument?” F’rena asked.
“It’s not mine,” Mitch said. As much as she wanted it, she wouldn’t claim it as hers. That would be stealing. She wouldn’t steal. “Can we get my stuff from where I am staying?”
“Sure why not? F’rena agreed.
They went to the apartment she was squatting in and got her things.
It was nearly midnight when they arrived at the Academy. There a sleepy young girl a year or so younger than Mitch herself, was on the guard post at the main gate. She came to attention when she saw the police car. Her older partner came up to the driver’s side of the police car.
“We’re closed for the night officer,” The young man said.
“We called and they are expecting us.” L’eam said lighting up the back of the Trenaport Mounted Patrol Cruiser that they barely fit into.
“Oh this must be Miss Mitchum,” The young man said, getting his clip board from the guard house and let the Companions sign in. “I’ll call the duty officer and let him know you are here.”
He called the duty officer telling him that Miss Mitchum was at the front gate. He said to bring her up. The companions brought Valerie Mitchum up to the administration offices where they found the duty officer waiting for them.
“Oh, hi L’eam, F’rena,” the Thonian greeted them. “This must be Valerie Mitchum.”
“It is,” L’eam answered.
“Good evening Miss Mitchum.” The Thonian said, “I am Lieutenant G’ant from the militia. I have the night watch tonight. This is the Queen’s Own Royal Cadet Academy. We exist to help people like you to find a place of safety, and to help prepare you for getting off world. Tonight we’re going to get you a meal and a place to sleep. In the morning, Lady Hawthorne, or the colonel will meet with you and help you get settled. Are you hungry?”
Mitch nodded timidly.
“We’ll get you something to eat in a few minutes.” G’ant said. “Okay officers I’ll take it from here.”
“Valerie,” F’rena said, “Give us a call in a couple of days. I want to hear how you are doing.” She handed the girl her card with her contact information on it, forgetting that she had done that earlier.
As they left the academy, her lifemate chided her a bit. Letting her know what a soft heart she had for people. She sent him the image of a Thonian police officer helping their daughter if she was in trouble. He saw the point and visualized hearts and flowers as a way to apologize. What he got in response was “I wonder if we could spend our free time here?”
In the duty office, G’ant was finishing up some paper work registering Valerie Mitchum into the academy. Then he walked with her to the mess halldining hall where late rations had been laid on. She ate a hamburger, and a glass of milk while appraising what was happening to her. The Thonian then escorted her to a dorm, where a kid of no more than fifteen greeted her and escorted her to a room that she had all by herself. 
“I’m Cadet Stein,” The kid greeted her, “I have the CQ for the in processing barracks tonight. If you need anything I’ll be at the front desk.”
The cadet helped her make the bed and pointed out where the toilet was and told her that reveille was at 0530 and left her alone. Surprisingly she slept well for the first time in weeks.  Not since she left the children’s home.

While the young girl slept the School Mistress working with Frasier, the Trena Mounted Patrol AI, investigated  began a check on the girl. They found that she had spent the last five years on the Adventure of Learning. 
They couldn’t locate ther girl’s parents. It appears that they had left months before the evacuation announcement. Just leaving the girl behind as they left for the Empire. They had not even dropped her a line as to why. Her parents had declared her an unruly child and had dumped her on the Adventure; where she excelled.
She had spent five years on the replica of an ancient historical sailing ship called the Adventure of Learning. The Adventure was a large replica of 4th century before empire man of war. After Mitch found out that acting out wouldn’t get her off the ship she knuckled down rising from a seaman apprentice to that of chief petty office. The Adventure reported her grades and performance ratings. She was a straight A student. In addition to her grades, her performance as part of the cadet crew was evaluated once a quarter. Only one time had she gotten an evaluation “of less than meets expectations” after that one evaluation she routinely received “exceeds expectations”. For the last four years on the ship she wasn’t a disciplinary problem. She was being considered for one of the ship’s junior officers.
After the announcement she She had stayed a couple of weeks at Trenaport Family Services Children’s Shelter where she had been assaultedattacked.. She had gone missing and wasn’t seen until the murder at Lemay’sLottie’s. Although the Thonians had reported seeing her, the system had failed to let the cCompanions know she was missing until the night before. 
The School Mistress was quietly impressed. The Adventure reported her grades and performance ratings. She was a straight A student. In addition to her grades, her performance as part of the cadet crew was evaluated one a quarter. Only one time had she gotten an evaluation “of less than meets expectations” after that one evaluation she routinely received “exceeds expectations”. For the last four years on the on the ship she wasn’t a disciplinary problem. She was being considered for one of the ship’s junior officers. 
By the time Delores Hawthorne had gotten in, in the morning the file on Valerie Mitchum was laying on her desk.
Delores read it the file and decided to share it with Sally McBride who had come in with Jill that morning. Sally read it. She read about the incident at the Shelter and shook her head then said, “Let Jill do this one. She’s the same age, and she’s not liable to be as threatening to her as we will be.”
“Okay,” Delores said, “What do you think about making her a barracks leader?”
“Based on her history she should be one of Jill’s officers,” It might work.” Sally suggesteaid, “She could be a great help to her.” Let’s see how she works there. Though I think we ought to consider something more suited to her skills.”
“
“I think so to,” Lady Hawthorne agreed, “Let me talk to Sargent Lucas.”

###

Mitch was awoken early by the charge quarters knocking on her door and telling her, it was time for her to get up. She looked at the clock in the dorm room and saw it was a little pass 7:30 in the morning. She couldn’t believe she had slept so late! Normally she was an early riser. Often up and ready for the day by sunrise. She groaned and sat up. 
She dressed in a pair of slacks and her favorite tee shirt. One she had been given by her fellow riggers when she had qualified as a rigger on the Adventure
“Miss Mitchum,” a new voice said, “may I come in?”
The voice was a woman’s voice. Valerie was not too certain she wanted another woman in the room dressed as she was with vivid memories of the girls at the shelter crossing her mind.
“Let me put something on,” Mitchum responded. The shirt had a picture with of the Adventure’s top sarinted on it with “ONLY A RIGGER, KSEANS TO BE ON TOP!” boldly printed below the sails.
There was a knock on the door followed by a young voice, “Miss Mitchum, may I come in?”
“Yes,” Mitch answered, she had been about to the see about getting some breakfast. 
.
her robe a“There’s a robe in the wardrobe.” The voice said. Valerie found it and put it on. She was in a night gown she had found in the wardrobe also, somehow missing the robe. Now feeling modest she said, “Okay come in.”
 
“Hi Good morning Miss MitchumValerie,” Jill greeted the stocky black haired girl as she entered the dorm room.Sally McBride said, “It is Valerie right?”
“Good morning CaptainYes,” Mitch stood up seeing that her visitor was in a uniform, with eagles on her collars.Valerie replied, “Though most people call me Mitch.
 “It’s Colonel,” Jill answered, “Colonel Jill Wilson.Who are you?”
“What can I do for you Colonel?” It was then that Mitch realized she had met the girl before. She had met the girl when she had donated the last of Lottie’s clothing to help the people of Galloway during the dam break a month or so ago.

“If you’re ready? I would like to invite you to have breakfast with me,” Jill asked.
“I was just about to find breakfast,” Mitch responded.
“Then if you will follow me?” Jill said and led the way out of the room. Mitch couldn’t help but notice the older woman who followed them out of the dormitory.
Jill notice that Mitch saw Jenny, and introduced her. “Miss Mitchum this Agent Alkire. Jenny this is Valarie Mitchum.”
“Good Morning Valarie,” Jenny greeted the teenager.
“It’s Mitch,” she shook the agent’s hand noticing that the woman was armed. “Are you a body guard?”
“Yes,” Jenny said giving Mitch high marks for not asking why she was armed; but asking if she was a body guard, “I am Jill’s protective agent.”
Mitch didn’t ask if the agent thought she was a threat to Jill, she had seen the agent shadowing Jill the first time she had seen her.
“Let’s get to breakfast,” Jill suggested leading the way out of the dormitory.
As they “I am protective officer Sally McBride,” Sally said, “I usually stand post watching over Miss Wilson or her sister.”
“Usually,” the young woman asked.ice,” The woman replied, “I escorted Jill in today.”
“Yes I am one of the people who are Miss Wilson’s body guards,” Sally answered, ou here? Have done…?” Mitch started.
“I am here to
“day because of you.”
“Me,” Valerie asked.
“Yes,” Sally said carefully, “Miss Wilson asked me to escort you to her. But first we need to get you into some clean clothes and get you over to admin.”
Valerie looked at her not sure if she should believe the woman or not. Since she had escaped from the shelter she didn’t trust many people. With the exception of Lottie she really did not trust women. 
“Look,” Sally said getting up to leave, “There’s a shower down the hall. I brought you some clothes I’ll lay them here. I’ll be down in the lobby waiting for you. Oh Valerie, there is no one in the shower right now. If you want I’ll have the charge quarters stand guard outside the shower room so you have no interruptions.”
“Please,” Mitch said. Sally let the young fifteen years old boy escort Mitch to the shower while she went to the charge quarters watch desk. Twenty minutes later Valerie joined her. “Thank you. You read about the shelter.”
“I was made aware of your situation,” Sally confirmed, “Jill thought it might be better for me to come and get you.”
“Who is this Jill Wilson?” Mitch asked.
“She’s waiting for us in her office.” Sally said. “You ready?”
“I guess so.” Mitch said wondering what was going on.
They walked from the building, they witnessed the morning roll call. Mitch couldn’t help but compare it to the musters she had through on the Adventure. What she witnessed told her that they needed to work on their muster.academy grounds to the  The chief’s on the adventure would be carrying on until they got it right.
As they walked through the grounds, Mitch saw several people dressed in various uniforms going about their errands.

Jill led them to the dining hall. The dining hall was nearly empty. A couple of sleepy looking cadets and instructors were getting their meals. They went up to the serving tables and got their breakfasts. Jenny got a cup of coffee and went to where the instructors were sitting drinking their morning coffee, giving the two girls some privacy.ed theint through a door
The girls took their seats, and ate quietly for a few minutes. Finally Jill said, “Thank you for joining me for breakfast.”
“Thank you for asking me,” academy administration building. She witnessed morning roll call in front of the barracks conducted by young people about her age. At the administration building they climbed the steps to the second floor where Sally knocked on a door. “Jill, I have Valerie with me.”
“Okay bring her in,” Jill said. Sally escorted the young woman in and then left leaving Jill alone with the girl.
Jill was leaning against the desk when Mitch came in. The girl looked around the office and saw that they were alone, and that the girl before her was maybe her same age. She was dressed in a uniform and seemed completely at ease. “Welcome to the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets. I am Cadet Colonel Jill Wilson would you care to have breakfast with me?”
“Sure,” Valerie hesitantly said, “Oh I am Valerie Mitchum. Most everyone calls me Mitch.”
“Okay MitchMitch returned wondering why the girl was having breakfast with her.,” Jill sat down at the small serving table that had been brought in. “Normally I eat with the cadets.”
“One of the reasons I asked you to breakfast,” Jill buttered a muffin, “was so I could talk with you.”
“Oh,” Mitch said peeling a banana as she waited for Jill to continue.
“You saw my cadets as we left the dorm,” Jill asked.
“Cadets?” Mitch asked, “I didn’t know that muster was for cadets. They just seem to be a bunch of kids having a roll call.”

“Well that mob of kids are the first cadets of the corps.” Jill responded
“Oh,” Mitch remarked.
“If it wasn’t for the volunteers from the Militia,” Jill continued, “we wouldn’t be as organized as we are.”
“Shouldn’t they be helping to get us off world?” Mitch asked.
“Most of them are retired,” Jill replied. “And some like Sergeant Green work their normal duty shift and then volunteer their off duty time here. Besides if they are here working with us, they are helping with the evacuation?”
Mitch nodded. If the volunteers were here helping people like her, then they were helping to get the evacuation done.
“The problem I have,” Jill stated, “is that I have all these military volunteers; but no kids like yourself. Kids who were sea scouts, or Civil Space Patrol Cadets just haven’t been brought in. You are the first kid who has been brought here that has any back ground as a cadet.”
That surprised her. She would have thought that some of her crewmates from the Adventure would have been brought to the academy. Some of crewmates had been near orphans like herself. As she thought that, she realized that the girl before her was trying to recruit her.
“We need some kids who are familiar with being a cadet like you,” Jill continued.
Jill observed Mitch. Trying to gauge how the girl was dealing with what she was sharing with her. She could see that she had the dark haired girl’s full attention. She decided to make the offer, “Mitch I would like to join the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets.”
Mitch knew that was what the girl was leading up to. It was appealing to her to join the corps of cadets. She didn’t feel she belonged anywhere. If she joined the cadets she might have a place to belong. Yet she wasn’t certain she wanted to be a cadet. They had never been cadets on the Adventure. They had been junior crewmen. They operated the ship, with the adults as their officers and older kids being petty officers. It would be a lot of work. She didn’t know if she was up to the task.
“If I don’t want to join the corps,” Mitch asked, “what would you do with me?”

“So why are you doing this for me?”  Mitch asked.
“Yes I don’t do this for all the new people here. I don’t have time.” Jill saidt, “Because of your file, and your age, the commandant thought that it might be a good idea for me to have a private meeting with you to see if you want to be part of us.”
“What if I don’t want to be part of us?” Mitch asked.
“Valerie,” Jill said, “If you don’t want to be part of the Corps, Yyou are free to stay here until my father can get you aboard a lift for Home. Until your parents or family ask for you, or until you can come up with some place else to be that is better and safer. This is your home until you do better.”
 “What is us?” Mitch asked.
“Us or we are Cadets Of Queen’s Own Royal Corps Of Cadets.” Jill answered the young woman before her.
“What does the get me,” Mitch asked, wondering if the Queen’s Own Corps of Cadets were similar to the sea cadets from the Adventure.
“Not much more than three square meals. A safe place to sleep, and some extra responsibility,” Jill replied, “We’re still getting organized, and truthfully you are one of the older kids that have been brought to us. Go ahead eat!” Jill took the covers off the food. There was some fresh fruit, cereal, some pastries, and some bacon and an omelet. “I can’t eat like this all the time.”
“You would really just let me stay here no strings attached?” Mitch asked.
“Yes,” Jill said, “the corps is voluntary. We don’t know what’s going to happen on Home; but we’re hoping that the Home government will continue this school. At least with the cadets who enroll during the evacuation.”
“You said father a bit back. Is your father Marshal Wilson?” Mitch asked taking a hard-boiled egg.    
“We all have burdens we have to carry,” Jill said in a dead pan voice, “I was asked to help out here.”
Jill quietly ate her breakfast and didn’t bother Mitch with any questions. MitchShe pondered what the young girl had said to her and what the Thonians had told her the night before, and how she had been brought to see this girl. As she finished, she looked at the girl before her,. “Jill, can I back away from this if it is not for me?”
“You have my word that is not a lifetime commitment and if it gets too much for you then we’ll talk about it and you can go on to something that won’t be.” Jill said, “Oh and Mitch, there are a lot of people you may want to talk to about what’s in here when you are ready.”
“You read that?” Mitch asked.

“Uh huh,” Jill said, “Lady Hawthorne thought it important that I know about you. I don’t know if it was or wasn’t. But it’s like this Mitch, if things get too tough here because of what happened to you at shelter, you come and talk with me. I mean that even if you don’t become one of my cadets.”
That swung it for her. There was sincerity about the girl before her that she had not seen from too many others. The simple breakfast they shared began a life time friendship, “What do I have to do to become a cadet?”
“Sign a whole bunch of papers,” Jill smiled and said, “Here’s the first! Oh by the way Sergeant Mitchum, you’ll be in charge of a barracks and a squad of cadets 12 to 17 years old. That okay with you?”
“Yes, I had squads and teams on the Adventure,” Mitch replied. She was actually looking forward to being a cadet it was something she understood. “I’ll give it my best.
“That’s all I am doing too,” Jill said, “Let me get Lady Hawthorne in here.”
When Lady Hawthorne came in Mitch was in for her second shock of the day. She knew Lady Hawthorne, she was the head of the group they called Wilson’s Women. She may have been on the streets for the last couple of weeks but she still managed to hear what was going on.
“Hello Valerie,” Delores said, “
“Okay! Sign me up,” Mitch finally stated, “It can’t be any worse than the Adventure.” At least we don’t have to worry about someone falling overboard!”
“Thank you,” Jill replied, “You will come in as a master sergeant. Right now you’ll have a barracks. Later you might have a company. We’re still trying to get organized. It’s a day to day thing.”we’re going to get you started in processing. A couple of my people are going to talk with you. They want to know what you know about other kids so we can help them also.”
She thought for a moment. When she had left the adventure she had just been promoted to chief petty officer. She was trying to compare the two grades. With no reference to compare she gave it up and asked, “So what’s next?”
“We to get you formally signed into the corps,” Jill replied, “Once that’s done, there’s a couple of people who’ll want to talk to you about what you might know about any other children who might be avoiding the authorities.”
“I am not certain if I know anything,” Mitch said, “but I’ll share what I know.”
“Good enough,” Jill replied. “You done?”
Mitch nodded.
“Let’s go see Lady Hawthorne,” Jill stood up. Soon both girls were climbing the steps to the administration wing. Jill knocked on an office door on the second floor.
“Enter,” a woman’s voice called from inside the office.
They entered the office and found young woman of thirty, sitting behind a desk, “One second Jill.”
Jill nodded. She noticed that the noble woman was on her com. Lady Hawthorne finished shortly and turned to the girls standing before her desk. “Good morning Jill!”
“Good morning Lady Hawthorne,” Jill returned the noble lady’s greeting.
“And this must be Valarie Mitchum,” She turned to Jill’s companion.
“Yes ma’am,” Jill answered, “Lady Hawthorne let me introduce you to Valerie Mitchum. Our newest cadet. Mitch let me introduce you Lady Deloris Hawthorne, Commandant, Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets Academy.”
Mitch came to attention when she heard the word commandant. Delores was quietly impressed when she saw the girl come to attention. “Stand easy cadet.”
Both girls flowed into the at ease position.
“Please sit down,” Delores asked.
“I can’t,” Jill replied, “I got to get to class! Mitch I leave you in good hands.”
Delores nodded. One they were alone, Deloris gestured to the seat. Once seated Delores hand her a data pad. “What I am handing you is the paper work needed to formally enter you into the Corps. It won’t take long.”
And it didn’t. Within half an hour she had finished the application and Lady Hawthorne escorted her to an office where the rest of her in processing began.



By the end of the day she had been debriefed by a couple of people who were obviously not cops; but were working to find all the kids who might be runaways or hiding from the authorities. 
One of the adults, who was a counselor discussed with her in private about what happened at the shelter. At first Mitch didn’t want to discuss what happen. When the counselor said okay, letting Mitch know that if she needed someone to talk to someone about what happen, just ask to see her. When Mitch saw that the woman knew what had happened to her; but wasn’t going to press her about it, she opened up about what happen and her fear of it repeating. An hour later Mitch felt better about the incident, realized that it most likely would not happen again. 
The counselor turned her over to another adult who took her to get out fitted. Unlike on the boat, she didn’t have to get anything adjusted to fit her. It all fit her. 
After Sshhe went through Sergeant Green’s supply room, the same adult briefed her on her duties. 

and had been introduced to her squad. One of the adults wearing a militia uniform had given her a briefing on what was expected of her as the barracks/dormitory Cadet NCO. It wasn’t too much different than being a berthing space leader back on the Aadventure. It wasn’t until the after diner muster that she was introduced to her dorm’s residents. There was one young man who was not happy about losing his squad leadership job. But the kid was only fourteen  twelve years old.  Jill and Lady Hawthorne had put him charge until they found someone else. Until she showed up he was the oldest cadet in this dorm.
“Gene,” Mitch said coming into the kid’s room. As barracks boss he had one of the two private rooms in the barracks. “I can’t run this place by myself. Will you help me?”
The kid was sullen. Mitch didn’t get upset, she just said, “Okay Gene. Have it your way. We’ll talk in the morning. Have a good night.” 
Mitch left the kid’s room to find Jill waiting for her in the hall.
“How you settling in,” She asked.  
“I have been so busy, that I haven’t a chance to settle in.” Mitch said, “Looks like Gene’s going to be a problem.”
“He’ll come around.” Jill said, “I heard what you said, it’s the right thing.”
“I hope so,” Mitch returned. Then she saw what Jill was carrying. A guitar, “do you play?”
“No. It would be first degree assault and battery if I tried to play it.” Jill smiled, “One of the companions brought it over today. He said it might belong to you!”
“Oh,” Mitch said trying not to reach out for it, “It’s not mine. I lost mine a few nights ago. One of the people sharing my squat stole itI had to barter it for some food.”
“Well until we find the real owner it’s yours!” Jill said handing her the instrument. 
“Thank you,” Mitch took the guitar to that Jill offered her.
““There’s a meeting for all dorm NCOs at lunch, most days. Your assistant can take the kids to lunch,” Jill continued.
“I’ll be there captain,” Mitch addressed the young woman wearing the eagles like the captain of the of the Adventure of Learning worewear.
“It’s Colonel,” Jill reminded the girl,sponded  suppressing a yawn, “Okay time for me to get to bed, I have an early morning. Try not to play too late into the evening Sarge.”
“Thank you cColonel,” Mitch saluted the young woman before her. That evening the barracks was filled with her soft soprano and the quiet strands of the acoustic guitars tones. 
As Jill went over to the teacher’s quarters where she slept when she stayed at the academy, ther detail didn’t want her sleeping in a dormbarrackss, t(they were not sure the barracks were safe enough for her,)wanted her safe, she ran into Millie Green. She had been down only for a day or so getting the supply rooms organized. It seemed like something that should have been delegated to someone besides a Master Gunnery Sergeant.
“Good evening Colonel,” the sergeant said. She was seated on one of the many benches that dotted the grounds. She had her journal open on the bench beside her.
“Good evening Sergeant,” Jill asked, “mind if I sit a bit?”
“Not at all,” The sergeant said. She looked up and saw the woman who was always within eyesight of the girl. She had not seen much of Jill the last couple of days. She had been very busy in the supply center. She had met with Deloris Hawthorne a couple of times, and had found out that the young woman had never been in the military, but had a good heart and wasn’t afraid to ask questions. She suspected that Lady Hawthorne was no slouch when it came to brains, “How’s it going?”
“Sometimes I think I am out of my league,” Jill said to older woman. “I am doing this by what feels right!”
“Has it been right?” Millie Green asked.
“Yes,” Jill said, “I think I did the right thing most of the time.”
“Then it most likely was,” the fortyish sergeant commented. 
Jill thought about what she had done so far and nodded. Even though she wasn’t certain she had done the right thing with Mitch, she felt that eventually it would prove to be the right thing. Sergeant Green’s voice broke into her thoughts.
“Starting tomorrow you can start cycling all your cadets through the supply room so they can get outfitted.” Green said.
“I thought you were already open?” Jill asked.
“Yes and no,” the sergeant replied, “I let a couple of the cadet NCOs in to get them outfitted. Tomorrow we can do the entire school.”
“Thank you sergeant. I’ll leave you to your journal.” Jill said getting up, “It’s going to be a long day tomorrow.”
“They are all long days colonel,” Millie said, “And they won’t get shorter.”
Jill nodded as Millie picked up her journal. Millie wrote in her journal, “Finished getting the cadets’ supply room set up today. I have been working with a combination of older children, and adults. None of them know anything about the military. Well that’s not true a couple of them do. But I liked working with them. The cadet commander has got her head on! I think! I talked with Sergeant Lucas the other morning, and he seems to think she is the best hope for these kids. So is Lady Hawthorne. Somehow, though we have to help make her into a commandant. BShe is young for the job, maybe thirty.  Most commandants are in their sixties. Usually on their last duty post before retirement. Lady Hawthorne is much too young for that. I wonder where this is all going to end.”
She ended the entry and went on to the quarters where she sleeping.
###
Lady Hawthorne didn’t know that there was a network both official and unofficial that the sergeants and noncoms were part of. Sometimes known as the sergeant’s net, it was working its magic at the academy. During the next few days as Lady Hawthorne and her people got the old boarding school up and running as a cadet academy, NCOs just started showing up. They began to make things happen for the cadets.  A militia combat engineering units, comin back from another assignment stopped by the school and with their heavy equipment graded and dragged the athletic fields fixed all of the gates and other outdoor equipment. In addition to the CE unit, a couple of retired black guard sergeants began showing up every morning. They worked with getting the kids out on the green in the morning for roll call and had started to identify kids who would make good cadet officers.  Not only retired marines had just shown up, some Interstellar Rescue Service NCOs and officers, and but Thonias well. Not just retired military; but serving military, police officers and fire fighters began showing up also.
Jill was there when Lady Hawthorne decided to get to the bottom of what was going on.
“Gentlemen,” Lady Hawthorne approached the two men who seemed to be the ring leaders of all the help she was getting. She had to know what was going on.  More so since Jill’s principle agent didn’t seem to have a problem with any of the people who were helping out.   She didn’t worry about the active duty military, as they spent only their off time at the school, but the others she felt that she was using them.  “I have contracts for you and your friends, sergeant.”
“We don’t want contracts,” the older of the two said, “Our pension covers our expenses. Especially if we eat here every day!”
“Then how do I pay you?” Lady Hawthorne asked.
“Ma’am,” the younger of the two spoke softly; he was old enough to be her grandfather, “we owe a few people a lot of favors. They took care of us as we were coming up. We heard that you and the young lady needed help and so we thought it might be a good idea to make sure that you got that help.”
“Lady Hawthorne,” Jenny, Jill’s agent commented, “Your network is only second to the Noncom’s network. I’ve been checking up on what’s happening. The sergeants for whatever reason have made this place a project.”
“Why?” Lady Hawthorne asked. She noticed that Jill was listening to them intently.
“The kids,” the younger man said, “They deserve the best we can give them and you folks while very good at what you do, Lady Hawthorne you need as much help as you can get.  A couple of Marshal Wilson’s friends from the police academy will be here tomorrow they are PT instructors. They have a couple of days so they’re going to lead the kids through a series of PT drills.”
“But these are kids,” Lady Hawthorne said.
“Yes ma’am,” the old marine said, “They’ve been looking over your population they have the kids divided into groups and have developed a specific PT Drill for each group. The fifteen to 18 year olds will be out of your hair most of the day, the twelve to fifteen year olds will be on the athletic fields all day, and the little guys will be in the gym.”
“What are the older kids doing,” Lady Hawthorne asked.
“We have ten trucks coming in with more clothing and sundry items for the kids. They’ll be stocking the warehouse and the store room. The Gunny will be back for a while to check on things.  I hear she’s getting assigned planet side on the Princess’ staff. The Gunny said it was okay to load the warehouse; but it better be to her plan!”
“You know the crown has some ferocious laws concerning child labor.” Lady Hawthorne said half seriously.
“UCMJ has even more ferocious law concerning the care, feeding and handling of cadets.” The older man said. “Trust us, my lady, those kids will be worked, and some of them will find they have muscles that they didn’t know they have, they’ll be back by evening chow. But they will not be harmed even though they might think are!”
“Okay,” The young woman said.
“What happens to these kids when we get to Home,” The younger of the two asked.
“I am working on it now.” Lady Hawthorne answered.  She had no idea what was going to happen on Home; but she was already wondering would it be big enough to have a boarding school.
The two men looked at each other as if coming to a decision.
“Has it been right?” Millie Green asked.
“Yes,” Jill said, “I think I did the right thing most of the time. I am worried about Valerie Mitchum.”
“I heard about the guitar,” Millie said, “You didn’t have to buy it.”
“No,” Jill said, “But I had read in her file that she not only sings but plays the guitar. I just wanted her to be able to settle in.”
“You can’t do that with everyone Colonel,” Millie said, “but Mitch is a special case. I think you did right. Say I’ve told Lady Hawthorne this, so I might as well tell you. Starting tomorrow you can start cycling all your cadets through the supply room so they can get outfitted.”
“I thought you were already open?” Jill asked.
“Yes and no,” the sergeant replied, “I let a couple of the cadet NCOs in to get them outfitted. Tomorrow we can do the entire school.”
“Thank you sergeant. I’ll leave you to your journal.” Jill said getting up, “It’s going to be a long day tomorrow.”
“They are all long days colonel,” Millie said, “And they won’t get shorter.”
Jill nodded as Millie picked up her journal. Millie wrote in her journal, “Finished getting the cadet’s supply room set up today. I have been working with a combination of older children, and adults. None of them know anything about the military. Well that’s not true a couple of them do. But I liked working with them. The cadet commander has got her head on I think. I talked with Sergeant Lucas the other morning, and he seems to think she is the best hope for these kids. So is Lady Hawthorne. Somehow, though we have to help make her into a commandant. But she is young for the job, maybe thirty.  Most commandants are in their sixties. Usually on their last duty post before retirement. Lady Hawthorne is much too young for that. I wonder where this is all going to end.”
She ended the entry and went on to the quarters where she sleeping.
###
Lady Hawthorne didn’t know that there was a network both official and unofficial that the sergeants and noncoms were part of. Sometimes known as the sergeant’s net, it was working its magic at the academy. During the next few days as Lady Hawthorne and her people got the old boarding school up and running as a cadet academy NCOs just started showing up. They began to make things happen for the cadets.  Several militia combat engineers coming back from another assignment stopped by the school and with their heavy equipment graded and dragged the athletic fields fixed all of the gates and other outdoor equipment. In addition to the CE unit, a couple of retired black guard sergeants began showing up every morning. They worked with getting the kids out on the green in the morning for roll call and had started to identify kids who would make good cadet officers.  Not only retired marines had just shown up, some Interstellar Rescue Service NCOs and officers, but Thonians as well. Not just retired military but serving military, police officers and fire fighters began showing up also.
Jill was there when Lady Hawthorne decided to get to the bottom of what was going on.
“Gentlemen,” Lady Hawthorne approached the two men who seemed to be the ring leaders of all the help she was getting. She had to know what was going on.  More so since Jill’s principle agent didn’t seem to have a problem with any of the people who were helping out.   She didn’t worry about the active duty military as they spent only their off time at the school, but the others she felt that she was using them.  “I have contracts for you and your friends, sergeant.”
“We don’t want contracts,” the older of the two said, “Our pension covers our expenses. Especially if we eat here every day!”
“Then how do I pay you?” Lady Hawthorne asked.
“Ma’am,” the younger of the two spoke softly; he was old enough to be her grandfather, “we owe a few people a lot of favors. They took care of us as we were coming up. We heard that you and the young lady needed help and so we thought it might be a good idea to make sure that you got that help.”
“Lady Hawthorne,” Jenny, Jill’s agent commented, “Your network is only second to the Noncom’s network. I’ve been checking up on what’s happening. The sergeants for whatever reason have made this place a project.”
“Why?” Lady Hawthorne asked. She noticed that Jill was listening to them intently.
“The kids,” the younger man said, “They deserve the best we can give them and you folks while very good at what you do Lady Hawthorne, need as much help as you can get.  A couple of Marshal Wilson’s friends from the police academy will be here tomorrow they are PT instructors. They have a couple of days so they’re going to lead the kids through a series of PT drills.”
“But these are kids,” Lady Hawthorne said.
“Yes ma’am,” the old marine said, “They’ve been looking over your population they have the kids divided into groups and have developed a specific PT Drill for each group. The fifteen to 18 year olds will be out of your hair most of the day, the twelve to fifteen year olds will be on the athletic fields all day, and the little guys will be in the gym.”
“What are the older kids doing,” Lady Hawthorne asked.
“We have ten trucks coming in with more clothing and sundry items for the kids. They’ll be stocking the warehouse and the store room. The Gunny will be back for a while to check on things.  I hear she’s getting assigned planet side on the Princess’ staff. The Gunny said it was okay to load the warehouse but it better be to her plan!”
“You know the crown has some ferocious laws concerning child labor.” Lady Hawthorne said half seriously.
“UCMJ has even more ferocious law concerning the care, feeding and handling of cadets.” The older man said. “Trust us, my lady those kids will be worked, and some of them will find they have muscles that they don’t know they have, they’ll be back by evening chow. But they will not be harmed even though they might think are!”
“Okay,” The young woman said.
“What happens to these kids when we get to Home,” The younger of the two asked.
“I am working on it now.” Lady Hawthorne.  She had no idea what was going to happen on Home but she was already wondering would it be big enough to have a boarding school.
The two men looked at each other as if coming to a decision.
Chapter 4: The Long March Begins
The day before Lady Hawthorne went to the orphanage, Lamile had one of Lady Hawthorne’s helpers drive her home. She told Jill and Lady Hawthorne she needed to get home for a change of clothing. That was true as far as it went; but she wanted to go home so she could start her mission without implicating Jill or Lady Hawthorne. If they didn’t know what she had in mind, then when she was found out, maybe her friends wouldn’t get in trouble for what she did. It was lunch time when she got home. She found her mother eating lunch.
“There you are,” Her mother called, it had been a couple of days since she had seen her mother. “You get tired of Lady Hawthorne’s?”
“Hi Mom,” Lamile replied, “What brings you home so early?”
“I’m going in late,” Her mother said. “I thought I wouldn’t see you for a couple of days.”
“I needed to change clothes.” She answered. “If it’s okay with you I’m going to go back in the morning and stay a couple of days.”
“As long as Lady Hawthorne doesn’t mind.” Mylea gave her daughter permission to go back to Lady Hawthorne’s. She had no qualms about Lamile staying with the noble woman. She had ran a back ground check on their special projects officer and found nothing to worry her about letting her daughter hang around Deloris Hawthorne. So far she had been a good influence on both her and Jill.
“No, she’s cool with it,” Lamile said.
“So what are you going to do this afternoon?” Mylea asked.
“Run a load of laundry.” Lamile said. “I thought I might wander down to South Mall before getting someone to run me out to East Wind.”
Mylea thought for a moment. Lamile’s school was closed down. All the schools were. Their closure was causing some problems with unsupervised children. She didn’t want Lamile to just stick around the house, but she didn’t want her to be part of the problem at the mall. Then she asked, “I’ve couple of errands to run. Want to accompany me?”
“What sort errands,” Lamile asked. She really didn’t want to run with her mother. She wanted to plan how she was going to link up with all the children hiding from the authorities.
“I’ve a meeting with Chief James downtown,” Mylea replied, “Then I have one with General Langtree at Fletcher. Then if nothing pops up I’m done for the day.”
“I guess I could run around with you,” Lamile said. Although she needed to work on her project, going with her mother to Mounty Headquarters and later to Fletcher might help her plan part of her project.
There was a knock on the door. Lamile opened the door, to find Tony, her mother’s driver there to pick them up. As they went to police headquarters Lamile asked, “Mom I would really like to know more about these kids. Any ideas?”
Mylea thought for a moment the said, “I guess it wouldn’t hurt to read the statements given to the officers. When we get in, I’ll see about letting you read them.”
Unwittingly by letting Lamile read the statements Mylea helped her daughter prepare for her mission.
Her mother’s meeting was in the Mounties’ Emergency Operations Center. She didn’t share what her meeting was about. When they got to the EOC her mother took her to the door of EOC’s intelligence cell. It was closed and Mylea had to push a button to get in. The door opened and a beta biowoman came out of the room. Even though Mylea was a deputy chief of the Trenaport Mounted Patrol, she didn’t have automatic entry into the intelligence cell. It was very secure.
“Lamile, this Sergeant Lenora,” Mylea introduced Lamile to the biowoman, “She in charge of the intelligence section of the EOC.”
“Lenora.” Her mother spoke to a beta biowoman, “This is Lamile, my daughter.”
“Good afternoon,” the biowoman, who vaguely resembled Lisa Wilson greeted them. “How can I help you?”
“Lenora are you working on anything sensitive,” Mylea asked. If they were working a case; then Lamile wouldn’t be allowed in to the intelligence cell. Depending on what it was they were working on; even she might be barred.
“Mr. Kellogg is reviewing some reports,” Lenora replied¸ “There’s a hundred leader from the companions. He’s coordinating their reports with ours. No… there’s nothing we’re working on that requires a lock down. Why?”
“I need to park Lamile for about an hour,” Mylea answered, “While she’s here I want you to share any and all intelligence you have on the children we’re finding.”
“Do you want a briefing,” The biowoman asked.
“No,” Mylea replied, “She is going to prepare a briefing for Lady Hawthorne”
“Okay,” the police officer replied thankful she didn’t have to do it herself. “Let’s get you signed in find you a place to work.”
She led her to a work station and powered it up. sShe worked the keyboard for a bit before allowing Lamile to sit before it.
“I’ve given you a temporary clearance.” Lenora told her, “If you try to research something besides the reports on the kids the station will lock up and you will be arrested. So don’t surf!”
“I understand,” Lamile replied. She hadn‘t even thought of surfing.
“You are going to hear and see things that you are not to repeat. You may make notes, but you are not to take them and any reports out of here. We’re not as secure as the Mountain; but there is a lot of sensitive material that could harm a great many people if the wrong people see them.”
She hadn’t realized how sensitive the information she was that she was going to see was. She felt a little guilty using her connections to see the reports.
She read through the various reports on the children the authorities had found. She wanted to see what the authorities actually knew.  It wasn’t much.  More importantly she wanted to see if there was any pattern to the kids they were discovering. Were the children avoiding the police, or seemed to be walking towards the space port. Although the Companions and the Mounties were trying to pick up as many children as they could, they were being hard pressed to do anything more than report contacts. Many of the children were for one reason another avoiding the police. She was beginning to see where someone was telling them that the crown wasn’t going to evacuate them!
She saw more than one interview where the kid being interviewed reported a mysterious adult who was telling the kids that God would take care of them. That they had nothing to worry about. That the authorities were lying to them about the need to evacuated. The adult, a man named Father Pierce, continued to be named in the interviews. Some of the kids believed it, many didn’t. Still it was something to share with the adults. She was about to go and find Lenora to share what she had found when her mother spoke to her.
“How’s it going,” her mother asked.
Startled Lamile replied, “Better than what I expected. I think I may have stumbled upon something.”
“What did you find,” Mylea asked.
 “I’ve been reviewing the interviews from the children that the Mounties and Companions have been finding.  There seems to be one thing that is common in all of them.  This man who is being described like that theocracy priest that Uncle Mike and you are trying to find has been trying to get the kids to stay where they are.  What do you think?”
She looked at what her daughter had discovered, then crossed checked some things she could get into that Lamile couldn’t and said, “Good call Lamile! I’ll get this up on the net.  Sometimes it takes a new set of eyes to see connections. Are you getting anything else on those kids?”
“Not much. The interviews lead me to believe that most of the kids are walking this path,” she showed her mother the map she had been working on, “There seems to be something about walking this path towards the space port. Even though, the priest is doing a good job of trying to prevent that, most of the kids have been picked up here.” She pointed to couple abandoned towns, “Everyone assumes there are not many.  But I don’t know. As part of my review I read statistic there might be as many as seven hundred thousand homeless children.”
That number astounded Mylea, she had no idea that there were that many homeless children. She was surprised that there were that many on a world as prosperous as Trena. “Are all these children orphans?”
“No,” Lamile replied seeing the worry on her mother’s face, “many are homeless because their parents are. There may be only a hundred thousand or so kids who are homeless and orphaned.”
That was still a lot of children. She wasn’t certain they had the resources to find them and evacuate them. She made a note to talk to Lady Hawthorne about Lamile’s findings, and see what she needed to find and rescue the kids. The first thing she needed to do was find more housing for all these kids. The old boarding school might be able to handle two thousand. The problem suddenly got much bigger.
“Of those hundred thousand,” Mylea asked, “how many are in the cities?”
“Maybe ninety thousand,” Lamile replied, “Mom. That’s just an estimate based on demographics. We could have much less.”
“Where did you get this estimate,” Mylea asked.
“The Royal Library,” Lamile replied surprising her mother how into it her daughter was, “There was a book written a while back about homelessness. There was a chart based on population how many homeless families there might be. I took a rough number and didn’t plug in any variables. I didn’t factor in such things as our economic status, family types which all had an impact on the real estimate. I could have asked for help; should have; but I haven’t had the chance to!” 
“What’s the name of this book,” Mylea asked. Lamile turned to the work station and brought the title of the book up. A holograph of the book floated above the work station.
“Frazer I need your help,” Mylea spoke calling for the Artificial Intelligence that supported the Mounties.
“Yes Chief Atomi,” the AI materialized next to them. He presented himself as a typical Mounty in a day to day uniform.
“Please retrieve the book, ‘A Discussion of Homelessness in High Tech Societies.’,” Mylea read the title of the book Lamile had found, “Please read the book and apply any calculations the book may contain using the variables from Trena. I am interested in an estimate of our homeless populations and an estimate of orphaned children.”
The AI reached for the book and appeared to read the book. Shortly, the AI’s image changed to that of him standing before a black board working an equation. It appeared to check his work and turned to them.
“Based on this book’s equations,” The AI lectured them, “Based on actual number numbers; I believe we may have twenty thousand people homeless. That represents maybe seven thousand families. The calculations estimate, possibly four thousand orphans, planet wide.”
Mylea breathed a sigh of relief, and ordered, “Make sure Lady Hawthorne is aware of your results.”
“I’ve sent it to her,” Frazer responded.
“Thank you, Frazer,” Mylea spoke to the AI, “Please package up the results of Lamile’s research and create a report for the command team.”
“Yes ma’am,” Frazer replied. He began looking at what the chief’s daughter had discovered.  He was quietly impressed. The girl had organized the reports by geographic location and had even started a map of where the children had been seen. He even saw where Lamile had flagged any report that mentioned the Theocracy priest Father Pierce. Frazer quickly read through the reports and mapped where the priest had been sighted and forwarded it to the team searching for the agent. As he finished up the package he was amazed. Lamile had spent maybe ninety minutes and had analyzed and organized some one hundred reports. Something he could have done far faster, the connections she had made the AI wasn’t certain he would have made though. Like any experienced investigator he would have discounted them; but when presented together they jumped out at him. He did some research on his own and added his results to the girl’s work and published the report as directed putting Lamile’s name as its principle investigator on the report, with his name second.
After they left patrol headquarters, Mylea asked, “you can come with me to the palace or I can take you home?”
“I thought you were meeting with General Langtree?” Lamile asked.
“I am,” Her mother replied. “He’s at the palace waiting on me.”
Lamile thought for a minute, “I think I’d like to go home. I need to think about what’s happened today.” 
Mylea nodded and drove her daughter home.
As they pulled into their drive, Lamile’s tablet beeped telling her she had received mail. She got out of the car and went into the house. Once inside the house she took her tablet out to see who was sending her mail. She was surprised to say the least when she saw who the email was from, Frazer. Even more surprised when she opened the attachment it was the report on what she had researched. She spent the rest of the afternoon digesting the report and making plans to find and rescue some children. She soon had her target, a small group of kids who were walking to Trenaport. Theyre couldn’t be more than twenty. So far the authorities had done nothing to gather them up. She wondered why until she read a couple incident reports. The kids had ran and hid from the cops. The cops hadn’t tried too hard to find them as they were walking in the right direction. The cops thought they would be picked up eventually. She now had her group. She only had to find a way to get to the group.
This turned out to be easier than she thought.  There were advantages to being a military brat. The next morning Lamile took a bus out to Fletcher. 
She knew that General Langtree was at the O club getting lunch.  He always walked over to the club figuring he needed the exercise instead of having Hoi driving him over.  It was his lunch time habit.  Lamile knew about it, as she sometimes hopped a ride out to the base to share lunch with the general. He had given her a standing invitation.  Sergeant Hoi didn’t suspect a thing when she wanted to hop a ride with one convoys.  She convinced the sergeant to put her on a convoy going near the small town of New Rome. She told him it was a school project. The thonian MP riding with the convoy had been one of her baby sitters years before and was more than willing to help her old commander’s daughter on her homework assignment.  
When the convoy turned off to go to Hilliard she got off the truck and began to walk into New Rome.  When she had gotten far enough up the road where no one would see her she changed into some clothes she had fished out of a trash can. She wanted to look like she had been on the land for a long time. She slept that night in an abandoned barn. The next morning she wandered into New Rome. An abandoned town that had at one time, a thousand people living in it. She poked around the town for a couple of days before she stumbled on anyone.  
“Who are you,” a small girl not more than 2 crimens old startled her. Lamile had been poking through an abandoned grocery and service station to see if there was anything left on the shelves to eat when the girl startled her.  
“Lamile,” the teenager replied, “Who are you?”
“J’lie,” the little girl said.
“Hungry?” Lamile asked. She spied a bag of dried fruit and snatched it off the shelf. She opened it and handed it to the little girl, “Is your mom around?”
“Mommy’s asleep,” the little girl said. “She’s been asleep for a long time.”
“Where is she,” Lamile asked.
The girl walked to the back of the store where a young woman lay on the floor.  Lamile could tell immediately the thonian was dead. She checked to see if there was a pulse. There was none. Lamile took the little girl out of the service station and had to make a decision. Although she was certain that the woman had died of natural causes, she couldn’t just walk away from the woman. The cops had to be made aware of it. But if Lamile turned the thing in, she would have to give up on this town and try another.  She made a compromise. She fed the little girl, bathed her and put her in a clean dress she had found in a small store. She waited until the little girl was asleep before she called the police. As she called the cops she wondered where the girl’s father was. She knew the girl’s father’s body should be around somewhere. Her mother had been lucky her father’s death trauma hadn’t killed her, this girl’s parents may not have been so lucky! 
“There’s a dead body in the New Rome service station.” she told the Police Dispatcher. “There’s a little girl next to the woman.”
“Who are you?” The AI asked, but Lamile cut the connection. However the AI had heard enough to recognize Lamile’s voice, as per its instructions the AI sent a priority message on the evacuation’s classified communications network. Within minutes the message was routed to the intelligence team in the Mountain.   Mylea received a simple and plain message. “Wanderer heard from. No further info.” The next morning Mylea saw in the overnight reports that a body had been found by a young girl who had not left her name. The time of the report was the same time that Lamile had been heard from the night before. It was some relief but only some.
After Lamile she finished with the police she looked around the town hunting for a place to hide. That was when she found the father. She found him under a car. It had fallen on him. He had slowly died from a crush injury. As he slowly died from his injury he lost conscience causing his lifemate to lose conscience and eventually to die also. She left him alone and found a place to hide.
Lamile watched the police and EMS units arrive from a small out building near the service station. She held her breath when one of the crime scene people looked right at her. She looked down at her scene scanner and back at her. She knew she had been discovered by the cops.  The CSU tech walked over to where she was hiding. In a low voice only Lamile could hear, “She’ll be taken care of Wanderer.”
The tech had been added at the last moment, she was a member of the Black Guard who had been part of the Interstellar Rescue Service Criminal Investigation Service before being chosen to become a Black Guardsmen.  Her job was to get to the scene check on Lamile and ensure that the dead woman wasn’t Lamile.  
“Stay hidden, we’re only a short shout away if you get into trouble.” With that the woman walked back to the service station.
Shocked, Lamile stayed hidden until the team had left. When she was certain that they had left she went back to the service station and found a small package left for her. It was out in the open on one of the counters with her name on it. It wasn’t there earlier. The package included a very small ear bug radio, a couple of ration bars, and an envelope with a note in it. Shocked she opened the note, “Lamile, your mother is furious with you. You’ve scared the crap out of her.  That being said I want you to be safe.  If things get crazy just yell and the Black Guard will have you picked up as quick as they can.  No, they are not in direct eye sight of you; but the ear bug is a tracker. Thank you very much for your courage. Take care Wanderer and be safe.”  It was signed Aggie.
Astounded she folded the note up and hid it very securely on her person. She slept that night in an abandoned home. The next morning she wandered down the road to the next town.  Remembering how lucky that she had been not to lose her mother also when her father died. She couldn’t help but feel sorry for the little girl when she had seen the two bodies loaded into the ambulance the night before.
###
“Jill!” Mylea stormed into the dining room at her parent’s home the day after Lamile gone missing. Jill was eating lunch with her step mother and grandmother.
She looked up to see the nearly six foot six furious thonian woman. “Yes?”
“Did you know about this?” Mylea asked.
“Know about what?” Jill flinched in surprised at her aunt’s tone of voice.
“Lamile has gone missing.” Mylea said.
“Missing?” Jill asked, “What do you mean missing?”
“Yesterday,” Mylea said, “Lamile managed to get a ride with one of the convoys heading out of Fletcher. She left me a note saying that she was going to be home in a while and hoped to solve the abandoned children problem. Did you know she was going to this?”
“No! We were supposed to go with Lady Hawthorn to the Trenaport Boarding School today, where a lot of the kids are being taken.” Jill answered trying to cool out a bit. She was getting angry at Lamile for doing what she did without talking to her.
“Jill what do you know about this?” Lisa asked.
“We were talking about sending someone out among the kids to see what is going on with them but; Lady Hawthorne had someone in mind. That wasn’t Lamile!” She added quickly, “A Mounty who could pass as a teenager. No, I don’t know what she is up to.”
“What is the mission Jill,” Mylea asked, “This was something that Delores was to brief us on tomorrow.”
“We were hoping to send someone to be the Pied Piper to bring these kids in. We thought they might follow a kid to the port or into Trenaport for processing.” Jill replied. Mylea was still furious; but she could see why her daughter might chase something like this.  It was not the drama. In fact, Lamile always found a way to make things happen without a lot of drama. If Lamile thought she could help these kids without a lot of fuss it was something she might do. “Aunt Mylea, just leave me enough flesh so I can have my pound too. I wish I would have been given the opportunity to talk her out of it. This is too dangerous for me! Jenny told me that she would lock me up if I even thought about doing what Lamile is doing. She suggested that it was really dangerous and since she lived on the streets for a while when she was my age she convinced me.”
“I get the feeling that you may have to stand in line.” Lisa said, “After Mylea gets done with her, then it’ll be my turn, then your father’s turn.”
“They grow up fast don’t they Commander,” Joyce said using Mylea former Thonian Space Service grade. Then pointed to Jill she said, “This one did big time!”
“I know,” Mylea said, “it’s hard to see them grow up.” 
“It is at that,” Joyce confirmed seeing her grand-daughter not as a child; but a young adult. It had taken Jill running away and seeing her on Trena and how much the girl had matured for her to realize it..
“Any idea when she’ll be back?” Lisa asked.
“Mom we couldn’t figure out how long it would take.” Jill answered, “There were too many variables. We expected it might take maybe a month to get the first group in. We just couldn’t figure it out.”
“If there is any news I let you know.” Mylea said, “I got to get back.”
###
“Mylea I just heard,” David Langtree entered Mylea’s office.  “Are you Okay?”
“Yeah, I’m okay,” Mylea said, “and she’s not really missing. That’s for the world. Last I heard is that she was in a little burg called West Jefferson. There a Black Guard unit that has her under observation. She’s made contact with the first group of kids.”
“You guys played that one close to the vest.” Langtree said his feelings a little hurt.
“Not me David,” Mylea said with a flash of anger, she really wasn’t okay with what her daughter was up to. It was just that she couldn’t do much about it without screwing things up for Lady Hawthorne or her daughter for that matter. “She didn’t even tell Jill what she was planning.” 
“I see,” David said, “So do you want me to hold her when she gets back so you can spank her or do you want to handle her all by your lonesome.”
She just glared at him.
“Of course,” he continued looking at his finger nails, “if she pulls this off, and since it was mostly her plan in the first place, you’ll be spanking a hero.”
She glared at him again then began to laugh, “Well I’ve taught her how to get things done, and what it means to be responsible.”
“Not just that lady,” David said, “you taught her, by your example that when something needs to be done, that if she can help she should.  She’s only following in her old lady’s footsteps.”
“I don’t want her to be a cop David,” Mylea said, “It’s an honorable profession, but it can bring so much heart ache and crap to deal with.”
“I know lady,” Langtree walked behind her desk hugged her briefly and said, “She’ll be okay. Mike’s troops do not want to see him on the war path. No harm will come to your little girl. You know you’ll be getting a young woman back.”
“No, she’ll still be my little girl,” Mylea said enjoying the embrace.
“I’ll see you later,” Langtree said leaving. Mylea wished he would have stayed a bit longer his arms felt entirely too comfortable around her. 

Chapter 5: The Vultures
“Please state your business on Trena,” the bored customs officer spoke as he looked over the papers the man presented him. Although the planet was mostly an exit only world, Trena was still getting a fair number of visitors from other worlds. The only visitors denied entry were citizens of the Theocracy and the People’s Republic of the Stars.
“We’re from Salvage Inc.,” the man said, “I am here to purchase as much of the abandoned property and goods that I can.”
“You are aware of course sir, that the Crown has levied a very hefty tax on all items exported off Trena not needed by the evacuation or our people on Home.”
“Yes I am aware of that,” the man said, he presented his export license, and his bank information.  The crown had levied nearly a 50 percent tax on all items being up lifted from Trena, not being transported to Home. The export fee was for the actual purchase price of the material. If no purchase price was available, the customs service charges a minimum of 1000 crowns even if the item was only a box of tooth picks.  It was an attempt to keep the vultures from picking Trena clean before the crown was completely through with the world. To get this far the man had to fill out an application in the Earth Empire where he was from; he had to be completely vetted by The Trenaport Mounted Patrol, and had been thoroughly investigated by the Corps De Chameleon, the Terran Imperial Intelligence Service. If there had been a questionable business practice at any time in his past he would not have been allowed to make final application and deposit a million earth imperials in the Bank of Home.  The Queen and her advisors were doing their best to make sure that as much of the evacuation expenses were being recovered.
“Then I need to say this to you and this is being recorded,” as he said recorded the work station expert system began to record every that would be said next, “In less than four months, nine days and six hours the last transport will lift off world. As you have arrived on Trena, and at Trenaport, with your own transportation the Crown and Royal government of Trena will not ensure that you have safely left the planet. While you are here on Trena you will be required to obey all the rules and regulations concerning the evacuation of our citizens. Should you violate any of our laws, your embassy here will assist you; but they have more or less stated that Terran citizens who have come to Trena to pick over the bones of the people of Trena, will be on their own and at the mercy of the Queen’s Justice.”
“Kind of tough there ole buddy,” The man replied, “I’m just here to do a bit of business.”
“Do you understand what I have just told you and do you acknowledge that you will responsible for your own transportation off world. And that at any time the Crown’s Police forces may deport you with no more than five minute notice.” The customs agent asked. 
“I understand,” the man said.
“Then ole buddy I suspect you want to be on your journey to plunder the remains of my people.” the customs agent said. 
“Jesus,” The man said “all I am trying to do is do a little business.”
When the man had left the office, his supervisor spoke softly, “If it wasn’t for the money we are extorting off of those vultures I would shoot every one of them. Come on we have some shipments to inspect.”
“This will be fun! I wonder how many stowaways we’ll find.” The man said shutting down his work station thankfully they only had to deal with these people once or twice a day. The word was getting out. Not too many of these vultures were coming in these days. 
It was a ten minute drive across the port to where the port authorities had set up the staging area for goods being exported from Trena. Today’s load was about a thousand ground cars and light utility vehicles. A large roll on roll off landing craft was grounded with its large gapping front ramp down. There were twenty customs agents waiting to begin the inspection. The crew of the Ro-Ro lifter was standing around waiting for the inspection to begin. The deal was that the customs team would go into the lifter and make sure all crewmen and passengers were accounted for.   If the ship was found to have a stowaway on board or even one piece of non-declared cargo was on the ship, the ship would be confiscated and the crew escorted to the departure docks and put on the first ship to the space station and then escorted to the first liner leaving the Trena Solar System. 
The customs crew went into the ship. They opened any and all closed doors, hatches and lockers. They didn’t care which crew member had the contraband, as the entire crew would be shipped out.  This crew had been through the drill about fifty times so they had stopped arguing with customs officials and had declared everything they had on the ship.  The custom crew made quick work of the mostly open Ro-Ro lifter. 
“Captain,” the lead customs agent called, “As usual the ship’s clean. Where are your exports?”
“Here gentlemen,” The captain responded. The customs officer went to where the exports were standing. 
“As required by her majesty and by the crown attorney I must ask you,” The customs officer read from a card, “Are you the owner of the vehicles listed on this manifest.”
“I am Ronald LaGrange owner of the vehicles on that manifest.” a youngish man replied.
“Do you certify that every one of these vehicles have been purchased in accordance with the salvage laws and ordinances as enacted by the crown and as amended by the Evacuation Command.” The customs officer continued.
“Yes,” the man answered.
“You are aware that if you are smuggling anyone off world, or if we find any contraband in any of the vehicles you have said you own on this manifest we will destroy any and all items on the manifest. You will forfeit your million imperial bond, you will have any and all funds on Trena confiscated and you will be escorted to the nearest off world out system transportation.  If we deem the offense serious enough you will be presented before the crown bench and will be prosecuted to the full extent of law. This may include transportation to a Royal, Imperial or Thonian prison.
“If you wish to make a declaration of any contraband in your vehicles, or to declare that you have people in any of your vehicles we will not destroy them or cancel this exportation.”
“To the best of my knowledge no one has approached me or my employees to ask to be smuggled off world.  I make this statement without reservation, that any employee of mine who has assisted anyone in smuggling themselves or others or things off world will have their employment terminated and be turned over to the authorities and I will testify against them in any court of law.” he locked eyes with the people standing with him. No one flinched.
The custom official nodded and said, “You may begin loading.” 
It took hours, although the exporter had made his statement, in the past such statements were discovered to be lip service and exporters had tried to smuggle people off world.  They had derived a system to make things move fast. Over a couple of days the vehicles would arrive at the customs quarantine unit.  In quarantine the vehicle would be checked against the manifest and would be checked to make sure the vehicle hadn’t been stolen. It was also checked against the list of people of who had left Trena. That people who had evacuated had abandoned the property being exported.  As part of the out processing by people evacuating to Home, or going to another world destination, the evacuees ceded any property that they were leaving behind to crown.  Most of the evacuees didn’t have any problem with that as most of them were allowed to take their family car with them, and a lot of their personal possessions into the one container they were allowed, or if they were a large family needing no more than two containers they could take most of their things with them to Home. Occasionally someone with a special utility vehicle like a plumber, carpenter etc. would be allowed to take two vehicles with them. Mostly though people abandoned their second vehicles, all this had to be checked.  That took only a few hours the day before. Now as the cars and trucks even a school bus was loaded on to the Ro-Ro they were searched again. Although some of the search was for show a lot of it wasn’t.  The customs people knew they were being watched.  They knew that were not catching everything, but they also knew that they could make it harder for people to get things through the port. 
Truthfully they were not too interested in the small stuff. Trena was never known for drug abuse, or smuggling drugs out. The smugglers wanted a place that they could bribe officials and not have problems with law enforcement. Trena handled drug smugglers by destroying their ships and executing everyone on board. Commercial Space Liners got the message, their owners only had to lose one or two ships and have their entire crews executed on the spot when the customs people found illegal drugs on board. The crown knew that jewels and other things were occasionally smuggled out and that they could do little to stop it.  They wanted to stop the people smuggling. There were still far too many people trying to leave Trena by informal means. All of these people were leaving behind their obligations. Not caring if their spouses and children were taken care of.  All they wanted was to get them self to safety.  Sometimes they tried to smuggle their entire family off world. Sometimes they were successful. The crown didn’t mind if a family wanted to evacuate before the crown was ready for them. As long as the family had a place to go, and employment waiting on a planet willing to accept them the crown turned a blind eye. If they could prove this, the crown gave them the same grant as they would have gotten on Home. The Evacuation Command gave the family a five hundred crown grant that the family never had to repay. The crown didn’t want to be stuck with thousands of unwanted spouses, children and old people who had been abandoned by their so called loved ones. 
So every door was opened. Every place a human being could be hidden was checked again. It took hours but when the customs people finished the inspection the car or truck was loaded into the Ro-Ro.  The Ro-Ro was literally the largest ground to orbit vessel flown on Trena. It was five hundred feet square and one hundred feet high. It was towed out into Trenaport Bay where it could launch without destroying the port facilities when its engines lifted the nearly three million tons of space craft and cargo into orbit. One of these ships lifted from Trena once a day.  Before the evacuation Trena would have been lucky to export a thousand cars and trucks a week and most of those were built in orbit from asteroid resources.
Chapter 6: Property Disposal
A whole town was on the block. As much as Wilson or Queen Agatha didn’t want to let the property breakers in, they both had come to the conclusion that the money gathered from these auctions were needed to cover some of the evacuations expenses. Although the Queen’s family owned the planet and all the wealth that entailed, because of the calamity befalling their world and the way the Crown was spending money to get people off world the Crown needed to recover some costs. So reluctantly they agreed to sell off some of the abandoned homes. Everyone understood that they would not sell for their full worth. The keeper of the royal purse believed they would only get one tenth of the before evacuation value of the property.
Larry Mercer the Crown’s attorney was the only person from the evacuation staff at the first auction. Though he was not an expert in property law, he thought the crown’s attorney needed to be present to be sure that it went without a hitch. He didn’t need to have been worried.  They sold the small town of Lankenton for a little over ten million crowns. It went to an entertainment company from the Movie Planet who was going to shoot a holovision epic about the evacuation.  They would set up cameras throughout the town and record its destruction.  If Mercer had known that was what was going to happen he might not have signed the deed for the Queen.
Latter as he got ready to go bed he discussed the day’s events with Alice his spouse of nearly fifty years.
“I’ve done some shitty things in the name of queen and country. I’ve also been there when some horrible piece of duty just had to be done.” Larry said holding his wife close to him. “But presiding over the auction of that town was the most profoundly sorrowful thing I have ever witnessed.  I thought I would have to witness the selling off of every home, everything in every home that had been left behind. I don’t know if I could have withstood the selling of dolls, and toys. It was the sadist thing I have ever witnessed.  Finally the highest bid ten million crowns to a company from Movie Planet.”
“You mean the holo people?” Alice said looking her husband in the face.
“Yes they are going to record the destruction of the town and put it into a movie about the evacuation.” Larry said.
“Oh my,” Alice said, “Is the crown going to let it happen?”
“I don’t think we would stop it if we could!” Larry said, “The story needs to be told. But more than that, I know Wilson was planning to place cameras and sensors around the planet recording what happens.  Although there is a lot of scientific value to be had from the observations, he’s concerned that some will say it wasn’t as bad as we told people that it could be and we over reacted.”
“Is it possible?” Alice asked.
“I don’t think so.” Mercer replied, “Only the nut cases believe that this can be survived on planet.  A couple of the lords still think that Wilson is over reacting, but we have sent the data we have to Earth and Thonia.  We’ve said in no uncertain terms. Prove us wrong.  The only thing that they have not agreed with us on is the scope of the damage. Most of the universities and astrophysics and geophysics people are saying that our estimates are too conservative.  One or two are saying it won’t be that bad. But all of those are from no name organizations on worlds that are either arm pits of the universe or connected with those lords and organizations who would fight crown if the crown gave them a million crowns to disagree with them.  So to cover our bets in case Wilson or the Queen is sued, we are going to broadcast the damage and then send in damage assessment teams to survey the damage.”
“Can Wilson be sued?” Alice asked.
“Not on Trena.” Larry said, “He has been commissioned by the Queen to effect the evacuation of the Trena Home world. His power derives from the Queen herself, and has been endorsed by the Queen’s Bench, and the Parliament.  So it would be hard to sue him. He can be prosecuted, if through his negligence he gets some one killed or harmed.”
“Oh god,” Alice said, “He must be a nervous wreck.”
“No,” Larry said, “He’s made some tough decisions, and yes some people have been killed, and injured, but overall everything he’s done has not been negligent. I just wish it was over.”
“What are you going to do once you are no longer the Queen’s Attorney?” Alice asked.
Mercer whispered into his wife’s ear.
“Oh really,” Alice said rolling up on top of him, “well old man I hope you have enough energy to make that boast a reality.”
“Well let’s find out.” Mercer said and turned the lights off.
Chapter 7: Staff Meeting
“We’re now four and a half months before impact.” Mylea began her briefing, “As of today we have only lifted about twenty five percent of our people to home.”
“We’re half way to the event and we’re still got over 75 percent of our people to lift?” The Queen asked.
“That’s correct Aggie,” Mike said, “But we expected this as we got our act together. It takes time to put a system in effect, and make it work.”
“Ma’am,” Marcie Johanna of the Interstellar Red Cross spoke up.  “I have found that we spend most of our time in getting a disaster relief system that works efficiently only to have it working at peak efficiency the day we pull the plug.  It’s one of the laws of disaster management.”
The Queen was quiet for a moment as she thought about what the IRC said, the Queen had been educated in the finest schools on Trena, with a two year course of study at the Realm School of Business on Trena. She had tutors from the Terran Imperial University, and a couple of private instructors from the Realm’s School of higher education.  Lord Mercer, the Queen’s regent and guardian through her teen age years had insisted that she be well educated.  Now the young queen was trying to come to a decision. Did she trust her staff?  Were they doing the job that needed to be done? Had she chosen right? She looked at Wilson who simply nodded as if he was reading her mind he spoke, “Aggie. It’s quite normal to question what we are doing, how we are doing it.  The question isn’t did you choose right, or wrong, but are we getting the job done.”
“Go on Sir Mike,” The Queen said.
“To date we’ve found a place for our people to be evacuated to. We have completed a census to determine who our people are.   We have organized our people in scheduled lifts as to what skills are needed first on Home. We are seeing to the disposal of any property we can dispose of.”
“Okay,” The Queen said, “All right I see that, and you are working to resolve other issues that are popping up. Like the missing children.”
“Speaking of which,” Lady Hawthorne spoke up, it was time to change the subject a bit. “Wanderer now has a congregation of well over a hundred kids. She’s got them organized and moving.  The kids haven’t figured out how she’s getting things for them. The SpecWars are convinced she’s an adult and has been through Black Guard Basic.”
Mylea didn’t know what to say. It was gratifying to know what other people thought of her daughter. But it was hard for her to accept though because she was still furious with Lamile.  It wasn’t that she was afraid to let go. Lamile was a young woman.  Mylea hadn’t been too much older when she first left home for O school. The truth be told though, she was proud of her little girl. It was only that she wished that Lamile had talked to her about what she was going to do. This was the first time or one of the very few times when, her daughter hadn’t confided in her what she was doing, or about to do.  When she questioned Jill, she was clueless about it.  She hadn’t even spoken to Mike about it. That surprised her more than anything. Since they had been on Trena, Lamile had become quite close to Mike, and Lisa.  When she had grilled Lady Hawthorne, Lady Hawthorne had said when you are done just leave enough of her ass for me finish the ass chewing she’s got coming.
“No she’s not been through, Black Guard Basic,” Mylea finally said. “Though when that young woman gets home she may have wished she had been through hell week.”
“Easy XO,” Mike said he understood where his friend was going to, “she’s in good hands.  Mylea for the record and before these good people, by all reports your daughter is doing a wonderful job.  She is definitely her mother’s daughter.”
“Thank you,” Mylea said, “And Sir Mike, Lady Hawthorn if anything happens to her, you best will your souls to your gods, as your bones are mine; most assuredly mine!”
There was a series of chuckles around the table and then Mylea continued, “To get back on track. Our progress is right where we expected it to be your majesty.  We’ve had some unexpected surprises, the children for one, and then the orbital industries giving us fits. But for the most part we are where we think we should be.  Starting this week we’ll start lifting twice what we were.  We’ll be lifting out of some of the improvised LZs. We’re not trucking the containers to a port. We’re stacking them in shopping malls and school athletic fields. The Tugs can take several of them directly to orbit.”
“It’s still a logistics nightmare,” Langtree said, “But it’s easier on my troops. We don’t have to maintain haul roads. The cops like it because they don’t have patrol roads and such.”
“Yes sir Mike,” Chief Jamieson spoke up, “as you know we still have some resistance from foreigners and other scum.  We lost a bridge the other day we think it was sabotage. We still have not found that terrorist cell from The Theocracy. The new pick up points are easier to secure.”
“Anything else we’re not seeing on the yellows Lord Jamieson,” Larry Mercer asked.
“Not really,” Lord Jamieson replied, “We’re getting some looting, and the domestic abuse calls are up. We’re also getting an increase alcohol and drug abuse.”
“That does tie in with some other things we’re seeing too,” The doctor who had replaced Admiral Klond said, “The physc people are reporting an increase in depression which is leading to some substance abuse. This is to be expected. Some of it can be avoided and we’re working on it; but others well... it’s the stress of the situation.  The more people we get off world the better things will be.”
“Keep us advised,” the Queen said. “If the numbers get to be too bad we’ll have to pull in some folks, or do something to take people’s minds off things.”
“Aye ma’am,” The surgeon said.
“General Qoum, your next,” Mylea said.
“Marshal,” the general said, “Your highness. We got a big problem.”
“What sort of problem,” The Queen asked.
“We have over four million tons of munitions that we have to deal with.” The general said, “In good conscience, I can’t leave the stuff behind.  It will be a boon to whoever can get their hands on it. It’s all GaTO standards. It can be up loaded to Thonian, Terran, Moreland, or other treaty world war craft. Some of it is EmpQuar or Mountain Level security. Other stuff like laser and blaster riffle charges is no problem. We have mines, demolition charges, and missiles, everything a modern star nation needs to defend itself.”
“The empire could take a good bit of it off your hands.” General Alpine said, “But not that much.”
“Likewise,” the Thonian Ambassador commented, “But not nearly that much.”
“We’ll have to destroy it in place.” the general said, “The orbital stuff we can transfer to munitions ships. We’ve never kept much in orbit. We thought and still do think it is safer keep it on Trena where our good friends from the Theocracy would have to fight their way past several layers of defenses.”
“How big a bang,” Mercer asked.
“Well if we detonate it all in place we could do some serious planetary damage.” The general said.
“No!” Mercer said flatly. “If we detonate those munitions and damage the planet those people who are lining up to sue us in court will say plain and simple the asteroids were a ruse to cover our own incompetence.”
“Then what do we do with it?” The general asked. “We can’t let it loose on the universe we could be sued for that too couldn’t we.”
“We can move it off world. To an asteroid arms depot, and detonate it there or on one of the moons. We can’t just leave it.” The general said.
“Sir Mike,” General Langtree spoke up, “I don’t have enough space lift to move it and keep up our civilian evacuation. That includes using Thonian, and IRS ships.”
“I might be able to build a couple of special weapons barges. They could be AI driven. They wouldn’t have to be terribly smart for an AI.” Bob from Boeing SpaceWorks injected.  “Just a big bloody engine and a large cavernous cargo hold. We would only want to destroy the strategic weapons. The defensive weapons, the anti-space craft missiles, lasers, and blasters would not necessarily be a problem. The small arms weapons could be safely transported to Home, and stored safely. They could be a continuous lift almost automated with only enough human supervision to prevent the weapons from falling into the wrong hands.”
“It’s got to be secure,” Qoum said, “It could be extremely bad news if this stuff gets into the hands of people who have for lack of a better word evil purposes.”
“Mike how are you planning to defend Home,” the Queen asked.
“I hadn’t really thought about that.” Mike said, “Not more than relocating the militia.  We don’t have the finances to build an orbital defense system like we have here on Trena. It took centuries to build that.”
“Your majesty I had been planning to put the surveyor system back in service on and around Home. I also was making arrangements with the princess’ government to leave me one of the older attack carriers. Thinking I could make it into a mobile orbital defense station. I don’t think we need much.  We just need to be able to hold off any attack long enough for the word to get out to our friends and them to get to Home.”
“Queen Aggie,” Princess Carroll spoke up, “My father’s government doesn’t intend to abandon you. We were expecting to rotate an IRS hospital, and other marine, and navy resources through the system.  That will be a discouragement to some of the clowns who might like to cause you problems.”
“Look my late father, and my grandmother, and all of the Trena monarchs have struggled to prevent our little world from becoming a vassal colony or client state of any nation. I won’t allow Home to become such either. There is no guaranty that I will be the ruler of Home but I will not allow my nation to become the client state of any other nation.”
The room was quiet for a minute as everyone digested the Queen’s remarks. Wilson finally cleared his throat and said, “I may be speaking out of turn, and the Queen may not support my position.  Home will be independent.  The people of Trena, who are immigrating to Home, came to Trena not to have to mess with the governments of Earth, of Thonia, of the Peoples Republic, and the Theocracy.  They want their independence. Every adult on Trena and on Home is a member of the militia. We will fight to the end to keep our independence.
“We will welcome port calls by the Thonian Realm’s War Ships, and those of the Empire. Your troops may take liberty and leave on our new world.  Eventually we will be able to service your ships and provide what we did in the past.  But it will take time. Yes we will need your continued support.  If some lousy piece of shit  or tin pot decides he wants Home we may need your help in making sure we remain independent, but damn it we will be our own masters! We will guide our own futures. With the help of our friends and our people we will be great.”
The room was quiet again.  The Queen locked eyes with Wilson and nodded. She hadn’t known that Wilson felt that way. She had a good idea that Lisa did but not Mike.
“Now let’s get back on track,” Mylea said. “General Qoum, You will work with Boeing Space Works to get those munitions dealt with. Lord Jamieson I want you to work with Qoum’s MPs and lay on additional security. Chief Able, I want you lay on an extra Fire unit when those bombs are loaded.” She looked to General Langtree and asked, “General Langtree do I need to say anything else?”
“No XO you don’t. I’ll have my top weapons people work with the general to get his stuff ready to go.” Langtree said. He wrote on his pad “Hooper.”
“Lord Mercer,” Mylea consulted her agenda, “Would you brief us on our legal troubles.”
“Well you are aware that the parliament has dropped their inquiries.” Lord Mercer began, “You know although I will shed no tears over the capture and execution of one Martha Hozenbur, I may have to send her a thank you card.” The brought a round of chuckles around the table, “Her assignation of Lord Ramsey has more or less made the opposition think twice about challenging us.  Some of the opposition believes it was a hit by the Queen.   They haven’t said anything official and it’s mostly rumors. I know, I know, but they don’t want to be associated with Rammer, as his episode with Hozenbur makes him look like a traitor and so they don’t want to be brushed with that odor.
“As for the courts,” Lord Mercer said, “There are a couple of cases running up from the regional courts.  As you know the Counts are the lowest court in the land. Most of the cases have been appealed to the Dukes Court, which are the large regional court. Most of these cases have been turned back to the county level as the filers have no standing. There are a couple of good cases winding their way to the Queen’s Bench.  A couple of business people are suing the crown in the Trenaport District for restraint of trade. They claim with our freezing wages and prices that they can’t make a living. The Trenaport District has ruled that it doesn’t have jurisdiction and referred them to the Queen’s Bench or possibly the Speaker’s Court.” The speakers court was a panel of made up of the speaker of the parliament, the president of the House of Commons, and the chief justice of the Queen’s Bench. “The one by the Orbital industries that is going before the 1st orbital circuit is going to be jolly. I might go up and try that one myself.  They have sworn a complaint against Lord Wilson, and Mr. Dupree and Jonesy that they conspired to misappropriate the resources of Orbital Industries. They are also accusing Jonesy of Piracy.”
“All Right,” Jonesy’s voice yelled from the communicator. “That’s a new one for me. Yo Ho and a bottle....”
“Enough Jonesy,” Bob called chuckling.
“I am not worried about it,” the Queen’s Attorney said, “Once Orbital Industries said that they flight certified the vessels in question they became the property of Boeing SpaceWorks. Me and Jonesy worked on those contracts there are a couple more loop holes; but they favor the crown and the Evacuation Command.  No this one will be jolly to fight in court.
“Other than that a lot of the cases are chicken shit and are not getting too far up the feeding chain.”  Lord Mercer said.
“Anything else anyone,” Mylea asked.
“A couple of things,” The Red Cross representative said, “The Disaster Relief ship Clara Barton will make orbit day after tomorrow. Her manifest states she has three field kitchens aboard, thirty Emergency Response Vehicles. Her personnel roster includes about 500 souls.”
“Wow,” The Queen said, “I didn’t know you folks had anything like that.”
“She’s only deployed for planetary emergencies. She was deployed at the behest of the Interstellar Red Cross to assist your people during the last days of your evacuation. When you might have some problems feeding your people.  We like to get the equipment down to Fletcher and mobilized to your assembly areas.”
“Do you have anything else in the pipe line?” Wilson asked. He had known about the Clara Barton.  But really didn’t think they had need of her. She was what the Red Cross called a mass care vessel. Her mission was to feed and shelter people during an emergency, when a planetary government couldn’t handle the work themselves. Or when the people themselves didn’t have the resources to feed and house themselves.
“No sir,” The woman said, “Do you want the portable shelters dropped too?”
“David?” Wilson asked his maintenance group leader, “Would they be in your way at the assembly points. “
“Hell no Sir Mike,” Langtree said, “If we can get a couple of their shelters up it would save me some problems. Lord James’s Mounties won’t have to be strung so thin, and our immigration people will have a little easier time getting things handled.  Our lift plan needs to be flexible and those shelters give us that. Do you have enough lift?”
“General,” the woman said with some pride, “the Clara can deliver her entire complement in four lifts without calling upon governmental resources. And before you ask you tell us where you want them and we’ll get them there.”
“Okay,” Wilson replied, he understood how the Red Cross worked, and would only offer assistance if they asked for it.
“Thank you,” The Queen said making a mental note to talk with the Red Cross in a very private setting to thank her more formally.
“Okay then,” Mylea said, “let’s get back to work.”
When Mylea arrived at her desk the next day someone had posted a sign Commander Mylea Atomi, XO Trena Evacuation Command. From that day on her name was XO.
Chapter 8: Town Meeting
Suzy Gabriel was sitting in her atrium going over some site plans for one of the new computers to be installed in Outpost 1 to handle the small town’s communications, debating to either build an AI or import one from Trena.  She had about settled on a Trena unit. It wouldn’t take one who had been a com AI on Trena long to figure out its nodes and network connections.  If they tried to build one on Home, she wasn’t certain they were up to the task yet. When Therese, the cook from the Deliverance put a plate of food in front of her, the cook had been appalled when she saw how the Gabriel family ate.  When she and her husband were not on patrol she had taken up residence in sunrise cliffs as their cook.  Suzy wasn’t certain why she was becoming so blessed by the people who lived with her; but she wasn’t going to argue.  Therese was a much better cook than she was. At least one week out of three Therese cooked for her and the people living at Sunrise Cliffs. The other two weeks Therese had managed to find someone who was at least acceptable to her. 
“You going to the meeting Lord Jenkins has called.” Therese asked as she put the plate in front of Suzy.
“Wasn’t thinking about it,” Suzy replied. Although she had thought about it, she had decided not to go.  She had emigrated to Trena to avoid politics and hadn’t been involved in them since she got to Trena and wasn’t going to start now.  She hated politics with a passion. She didn’t even vote that was how sick she was of politics.
“You might want to go,” Therese suggested, “It might be interesting.  I think Lord Jenkins is going to try a takeover.  He’s been awfully unhappy about the Crown Reps handling of the governmental affairs.”
“Why? Because he doesn’t get what he wants?” Suzy asked.  Most of her neighbors were talking about the lord and how he was trying to stake a kingdom in Outpost 1. Most if not all of the citizens of Outpost 1 couldn’t care less what the lord wanted. But they didn’t want to be his vassals either, and they just wanted to continue to build Outpost 1 and get on with their lives. 
“That and the fact he thinks that the crown owes him the same property and such he had on Trena,” Doctor Klond came onto the atrium. “I hear he’s getting a bit of a following.  It has always amazed me what some folks tell their doctor.”
“So you think as many of us who don’t want to be his subjects should be at the meeting,” Suzy asked.
“No. But I am going.  I want to see what this Lord Jenkins has to say,” Michelle said, “I know he’s up to no good, but I want to hear his proposal so I know what’s going on.”
That made up her mind. If Michelle thought it was important to hear what this man said, then she should be at the meeting also.
It wasn’t the first gathering of Outpost 1’s citizens. A few weeks before the crown rep had held a meeting to let them know what was happening all over Home and on Trena. 
Tonight, Suzy sat in the back of the meeting room with Michelle, as Lord Jenkins, a recently emigrated noble from Trena sat in the center of a table flanked by a couple of others.  Jenkins had been given five acres of land. He had had a large grain farmer on Trena. Having several thousand acres on Trena. He was quite upset that he didn’t have the same size farm on Home. He had been a minor politician in Royalist party.  Suzy wasn’t quite sure what his politics were. The House of Lords had not been polarized on Trena in most things. True there were the Contras and the Royalists, but those alliances seemed to ebb and flow depending on what the crown was requiring from the nobles or the House of Commons were proposing against the Lords. Jenkins seemed to keep mostly a low profile.  Suzy surmised that was about to change.
“Good evening,” the elderly man said, “My name is Lord Jenkins. As the ranking noble in the Outpost Region, I am claiming the position of Lord Mayor of Outpost 1 and vicinity. This right has been granted to me by the nobility bestowed on my family by the Crown. It allows me to become Lord Mayor of Outpost 1. As such I declare the first town meeting of Outpost 1 in session.”
“Excuse me Mr. Jenkins,” a voice behind Suzy spoke up, “According to the charter of Outpost 1, signed by the Evacuation Command on Trena, and Countersigned by the Crown officers in residence at Ellis, this is a free community. I recall no mention of any lord having been granted duchy rights over the town of Outpost 1 or any portion of our region.”
“That warrant has no authorization,” the lord said, “I am...”
“Excuse me,” the voice from the back of the room continued. “I don’t know what your game is Mr. Jenkins,” He stressed Mr., “but until I am told otherwise, I am the appointed civilian leader of this colony. The crown appointed me as the Outpost 1 administrator. My charter is still in effect and cannot be over ridden by a mere lord.”
Suzy winced at, ‘a mere lord’ that was slapping the man in the face.
“I am a lord of the Trena Nobility and have a birth rite and a responsibility to...” The lord replied.
“Excuse me sir, you will see that as part of the contract that you signed, that your nobility was tied to the Court of Trena.” Tom Peterson had been handpicked for this job. Lord Mercer and a couple of trusted political aids and associates with the help of the AI had made sure that several of the lifts had good civilian managers who were tough enough to deal with the problems that were sure to come up with the new towns on Home. Mercer, the Queen and Wilson were almost certain that the governmental structure on Home would not be the same as that of Trena. The Queen knew she would be out of a job once the evacuation was completed. Not only would she be out of a job; but she would be most likely broke. Wilson and Mercer’s instructions to the civilian managers of Home were to let the people of Home decide how they wanted to shape their world’s government. They were certain that the monarchists in the population were sure to want to retain the monarchy on Home. But there were others who came from other forms of government that would want to have their own way of government considered when Home’s government was formatted.  The one thing that the Queen and Wilson were adamant about was that they didn’t want the lords to take over on Home. They wanted the people of Home to make their choice free of pressure from the Trena Nobility.  It was Tom’s job was to make it nearly impossible for the nobles being resettled on Home from taking over. “And as such you have no peerage rights on Home. As such you should step down from the podium. You are in violation of Evacuation order number fifteen, and Home Rule 1.”
“Which are,” The lord asked.
“That with martial law declared on both Home and Trena, that persons attempting political mischief will be warned that should they continued fomenting rebellion, or attempting to over throw the rule of the Queen , or hindering the work of the Queen’s representatives on Home will be arrested, tried, and if convicted sent to the rock or other suitable prison. Sergeant Nay...”
“You wouldn’t dare.” the lord bellowed.
“If you do not step down from the podium and cease and desist in trying to become ruler of the Outpost 1 District, I will arrest you and send you down to Ellis.”
Suzy watched the exchange enjoying it.  She wasn’t really a royalist or a monarchist, but she wasn’t a full democrat either. She thought that the constitutional monarchy of Trena was not that bad to live under. True she had never been on Trena when King Ralph was on the throne, and had never witnessed the revenge he had taken on the Theocracy.  Queen Agatha seemed to be just, and she seemed to know how to keep the nobles in line.  True it had been mostly Lord Mercer as the Queen’s regent and guardian that had been the ruler for the most part while the Queen was growing into adulthood, still Suzy an emigrant from The People’s Republic of the Stars thought she liked the idea of a monarchy balanced by a parliament. She had hated the annual, almost continual campaigning on Mother, the home world of the republic.  It seemed that almost the day after the president had been elected that the election for the next president started. On Trena, a candidate couldn’t file for an election no sooner than 180 days before the election, couldn’t raise any money before then. It seemed a rational decision.
“I am afraid that you will do no such thing,” Lord Jenkins said producing a weapon. “Take a step towards me and I will use this.”
“Lord Jenkins,” the manager said, “Shoot me and the constables will take you down.”
Suzy heard her ear bug snarl with, “This is Outpost 1, we have a man with a gun All Constables report to the meeting hall.”
“Lord Jenkins,” Suzy spoke softly from her chair, “if you don’t put that fire arm away someone will get hurt. This isn’t the way to handle this.  The Theocracy tried to take our world by force. The Peoples Republic has tried to force democracy on us, all by force of arms.  Now here you stand a noble, borne of the Trena Nobility, living through the time of King Ralph, and the Theocracy attacks, trying to become our leader by force of arms, not by a democratically elected process.” 
The hall was quiet as she spoke, “Go ahead and shoot. If that’s what you want to do! Shoot! But you better have enough ammo in that pistol to get all of us. As I for one will not let you get away with murder, and mayhem!” She was on her feet walking towards the lord. She kept walking not looking anywhere but towards the lord. She didn’t know what had come over her, but she knew that this man was not going to enslave her, or her children.  She knew that’s what he had in mind. She reached where he was standing and simply took the gun from him. When she turned around every adult in the hall was standing a couple of feet behind her, including Doctor Klond who was right behind her.  She sheepishly handed the gun over to the government representative and left.
She was relaxing by the pool in her home with Michelle playing dolls with Lonnie, a day or so later, when a couple of people from the town called on her. She had seen them around. Had wired their homes for their computers and set up their expert systems as they had helped her. One of them was the crowns rep for Outpost 1. He was the one who spoke first.
“Mrs. Gabriel,” he started, “I never did get a chance to thank you for defusing the situation at the meeting the other night.”
“Why should you thank me,” the Suzy replied, “I just did what I thought was right. Not letting that lord take over Outpost 1.  If the Queen or the Marshal wanted the lords to be in charge on Home they would have set them up with the title as Duke of Outpost 1 or something like it. The old fart should have known better.”
“Be that as it may,” One of the others spoke up, “we have been talking amongst ourselves, and we would like you be our representative in Ellis at the constitutional convention.”
Suzy was quiet for a moment, flattered but didn’t know what to say. 
“Suzy,” Michelle looked up from where was playing with Lonnie, commented, “A lot of us have been talking about you.  You don’t seem to get too excited about anything.  Haven’t you noticed that many people will stop by and just talk to you for a few minutes on almost anything? That they seek your opinion.”
It was true, for some reason a lot of people she knew sought out her opinion and advice.  She thought of it just as being a friend. She had done the same thing with her circle of friends on Trena; but she hadn’t thought anything of it.  
“You are perfect for the post,” another of her friends said.
“But I am no politician!” Suzy said, “I don’t like politics.  You have to understand I emigrated from the Republic because I was sick and tired of the continued running for office. The we propose, we oppose of the republic government. Partisan politics make me sick.”
“I won’t lie to you Mrs. Gabriel,” The Crown representative said, “There will be politics and some of it might get real ugly. But this assembly is intended to be a council to guide the government in running Home. Notice I am not saying the Monarch. At this point Queen Agatha will not be the Queen of Home when she arrives here after the evacuation. But what we are sure is that the government of Home will not be like that of Trena. This assembly’s first task is to determine what our government will be. Yes so it will get ugly and be filled with politics.  But the thing is that most of the people being recommended to this assembly will not be politicians. They are all people like yourself, who know how to get along with people and who bring a wealth of experience.”
“But I am not qualified.” Suzy repeated, “I don’t have the education or...”
“Suzy,” Another man spoke up. “I did a back ground check on you before I let you come into my business to set up the computer services.  I know you don’t have the formal educational back ground in politics, but I do know that before you emigrated from Mother to Trena you had spent a considerable part of your life at your grandmother’s knee.”
“Yes so what,” Suzy said. She didn’t want people to know she was the granddaughter of the most hated politician in the Republic. Her grandmother was an arch conservative who thought that only the rich were entitled to the good life and all others were there make her and the rich’s lives easy. That the workers were not entitled to nothing more than food and that was about it.  Her grandmother had voted every time against anything that would make the workers life easier. Suzy had fallen in love with a carpenter before he had been injured on the job. Although a simple injury he had died because he couldn’t get treatment.  When she had raised a fuss with her grandmother after he had died; her grandmother had kicked her out of the family home.  She had immigrated to Trena and had gotten a job in Trenaport as a wire puller and climber at a networking company and worked her way up to a network manager. 
“Yes I know what you think of her, and yes, we are aware of her history, and yes we know she has disowned you.” the man said, “but you learned politics at your mother’s breast so to speak and you won’t let the others do the things you saw on Mother.”
She was quiet for a while she had heard of the assembly and had of course knew what its real role was; to form a government for Home.  She really didn’t want to be in the government. What she wanted to do was raise her kids, and continue to do a job she rather enjoyed. She didn’t want to become a politician. Then she thought of the others on the assembly.  People she had known of on Trena. People who she didn’t have much respect for, but still others she had heard of and knew some of their reputations. She looked around the atrium, and the cliffs, remembering what almost happened in the hall the other day and said, “Okay. I know you guys would just draft me anyways.  But only for the constitutional assembly”
“Okay,” they said, the government rep hushed them and said “The campaign is over. After the other night the entire adult population of Outpost 1 signed the nominating form. Some of Lord Jenkins people tried to nominate him; but he only got a couple of hundred. But it wasn’t even close.”
“When is the first meeting,” Suzy asked.
“In a couple of weeks.” the crown rep said.
“Okay then,” Suzy said. With that she became Outpost 1's first representative to the planetary assembly. 
Chapter 9:  Retirement Planning
The town was abandoned. It had been vacant only for a day or so. He had not reported it vacant yet.  He was certain that the town’s AI had reported it vacant once it was taken off line and put in storage. But he also knew that with all the towns being abandoned and vacated that the authorities were having trouble keeping up. There were small windows of time that he could use to as he called it increase his retirement funding.  
He was waiting near the town’s outskirts waiting for the Vulture’s crew to come and clean out the rest of the town. He had already surveyed the town and was certain that he could get about a millions crowns out of it.  Even at the money’s devaluation, a million crowns was nothing to complain about. The town’s people had left silver, paintings, cars, farm equipment, and furniture. There were even some antiques in the town. 
He had no idea that a companion Criminal Investigative Division unit had him under surveillance. They had been following him for a couple of weeks and had become amazed at how calloused the general was, and how blatant. The lead investigator had managed to infiltrate the General’s retirement funding team as an expert on antiques, which she was.  The Thonians legend was that they had been at one time part of the companions. She and her life mate had gotten out of the famed military police unit when they had run afoul of the commander on one of their assignments.  They had looted a small museum on Barbary and were discharged for it.  At least that’s what the general believed.  
She waited with the general for the general’s convoy to come and pick up the stuff she had picked. Unknown to the general she had tagged them with micro transmitters that when they turned up at the port they would flag the Customs Inspector and then they would have the whole money path. Her life mate who was in an over watch position up the road felt her secret pleasure in the bust that she was about to make. 
The trucks came in fifteen of them all articulated hover trucks.  All of the hover trucks were able to handle forty tons of cargo. They would have to leave things behind, but it would be enough.
The soldiers had been told that they couldn’t just ransack the buildings, that they had to be neat an orderly in the process. They didn’t want the Mounties, the Companions, or any of the patrols to see that the village had been ransacked. That would make it obvious that someone had looted the buildings.   So they systematically removed furniture, clothing, art, cars, and even some farm equipment. It took most of the day and into the evening. No one was the wiser. 
Chapter 10: Infiltration
The republic’s covert operations department recruited and sent their teams to the Kingdom of Trena. Their destinations were McKay, the asteroid mines, the ship yard and of course the planet of Trena of Trena. They were not to take action right away. Their job was to infiltrate where they could and to observe and plan for the day.
She arrived in Turnervile, one of the small towns on McKay. It had been chosen as it was close to one of the anti-space craft batteries. She was a legal aid and found work in one of the town’s law offices. She started to work on wills, property transfers, divorces, and other family law cases. Many of the batteries enlisted personnel and officers were her clients. She had free run of the law office’s records. It took her very little time to find what she wanted. One of the batteries noncommissioned officers was in serious financial trouble. A gambler whose home was being foreclosed on he was ripe for the picking. Using her war chest, she purchased the mortgage. She then found the people he owed money to and paid them off.
A few days later the sergeant was approached by his bookie. He was terrified that the man was going to break his legs. Instead, the bookie introduced him to a woman named Virginia, “Gordon this is Virginia, she bought your debt. We’re through.”
With that the bookie tipped his hat to the republican agent and left. When he was gone the woman sat down next to him in the booth. 
“Now Gordon,” Virginia spoke to the sergeant, “We’re not going to have any trouble. If you don’t do exactly what I ask, if you tell anyone what I ask you to do even your commanders, I will let your wife and children know what you have been doing for the last few months with your salary.”
He gulped. He knew he was in trouble. Although the militia didn’t care if he gambled or not, as long as it didn’t get out of control and the militiaman made their bets in an open and above board. When he started to use loan sharks to pay off his gambling debts he had crossed the line. His security clearances and his liberty were in serious jeopardy.
“I’ll make this simple,” Virginia spoke directly to the sergeant. “I want you to describe everything about the weapons storage bunker for the battery.”
He hesitated for minute thinking this could be a trap set by militia security.  But he thought better about it. Over the next few days he told her everything he knew. He had missed several days’ duty. She killed him in a hotel room she had taken him to. When the maid went to clean the room she found his body with a suicide note he was so despondent over his gambling addiction that he had taken his own life. The bookie and the loan shark the sergeant was in debt to turned up dead. No one questioned how his debts had been paid. Virginia didn’t want the sergeant’s family to suffer. A few days later Virginia left the law offices she said she was going back home. That same day a new master sergeant reported to the battery’s weapon storage facility.  Over the next few weeks the new sergeant managed to inventory all of weapons in the facility, as she did she manage to rig the weapons storage center to explode when it received a signal from the fleet. The republican agent left McKay for home her job done.
Book 10: More Problems
Chapter 1: On the Long March
“Lamile,” Rhonda one of her lieutenants woke her from a sound sleep.
“What wrong,” the young Thonian asked coming awake instantly.
“One of the little guys is sick.” Her lieutenant said, “He’s got a fever and is vomiting.”
“You think it might be the food we got last night?” Lamile asked.
“No,” Rhonda said, “No one else is ill. He’s not been feeling well for a couple of days. I think it could be his appendix!”
“Huh,” Lamile said, she knew what an earthling’s appendix was.  They always seemed to cause problems during earthling’s historical dramas. She asked, “Are you certain?”
“No,” the sixteen year old said, “no but he’s getting sicker.”
“We hear Wander,” the voice that had been her constant companion for the last couple of weeks called. “We’ll get someone to you.” 
“Let me see him,” Lamile got off the ground. 
She walked around the groups of sleeping kids. She shook her head in wonderment as she saw nearly a thousand kids that were walking with her to Trenaport. When she started on her mission she had no idea that there were this many kids hiding out on Trena. She was astounded. So were the marines who contacted her every once in a while. She knew that she was at least two weeks from the outskirts of Trena. Some of the marines wanted to evacuate the kids right now.  They didn’t want them to make the long trip to Trenaport.  The more she did this the more she wanted to complete the task.  She knew she was being bull headed, but she also knew that if the Marines and Militia just swooped down and picked everyone up they wouldn’t get everyone. It had to be done her way.  Now as she went to where a couple of Trena Scouts had set up a first aid tent she wondered if she wasn’t being too stubborn and bull headed? 
A boy not more than two crimens, was laid out in the make shift first aid tent.  Yo’ni a Thonian teenager not much younger than Lamile came up to her, “Carlin is running a fever, and isn’t keeping anything down.  I checked the book and it’s an appendix.”
“I see,” Lamile knelt down by the little boy and felt his forehead, doing what her mom called her mom act.  The child was running a fever. Lamile looked at their pitiful resources and wondered still again if she was doing the right thing. 
“Lamile, there’s a car approaching,” T’rani called from the nearby road, he was one of the older kids who acted as sentries.  Lamile looked to where a car could be seen cresting the hill down the road a bit.
Lamile waved to T’rani and said to herself. “They didn’t waste any time did they?”
“All right,” Lamile said, “Let’s see about keeping him cool.  You guys aren’t docs and it could be a tummy ache.”
“Okay, let’s get him close to that stream over there,” Yo’ni said. Lamile nodded and went to the road where T’rani had the night watch. The police car slowed down as it approached them.  The militiaman had been dozing in the car about a mile behind the kids. They had settled down for the night and he thought he could get a nap.  The controller had called him and asked him to go up to the kid’s encampment. The young militia officer was one of about fifty militiamen, marines, IRS men, and others who were shadowing the kids. They had successfully worked up a rotating team of people that made it seem they were not watching the kids; but always was there if something was going on. He was also one of the many people who admired what Lamile was trying to do. As he approached the kids he was pondering what to say.  But he didn’t have too. Lamile flagged him down.
“Hey officer,” She said, “can you help us?”
“Maybe,” he responded.  The story was he was patrolling this part of Trena’s country side. 
“We have this sick kid here and we can’t find his parents. HHHHHHe needs to get to a hospital. Can you help us?” Lamile asked.  
“What are all you kids doing out here?” the man asked innocently.
“We’re having the last Trena Scouts Jamboree.” Lamile said, “I am in charge for a while. The adults went back to town to pick some things up, and old Mr. Marian got drunk and passed out.  We got to get this kid to the hospital.”
“I can do that,” The man said amazed at Lamile’s ability to concoct a story. 
“Yo’ni,” Lamile yelled, “Bring him over here.”
Yo’ni brought the kid over to the car. One of the kids helping him was coughing, she made a decision. “This police officer’s going to take him to the hospital.  Ronnie, you go with him and let the medics take a look at you also.”
They piled both kids into the car and soon were on their way. Parked a few miles away on the other side of the stream an IRS landing craft had settled in for the night. Langtree and Wilson had thought that the alert landing craft could be somewhere near the kids, and still be ready to launch on their runs to other parts of the area should something come up. Some of the crews protested, others didn’t. Wilson, the Queen, and General Qoum didn’t care what the crews thought of their field deployments. The kids were nearly twenty miles outside of Trena, if they needed help they would need it in a hurry and Wilson had told Langtree and Qoum to make sure nothing happened to those kids.
As Lamile walked the encampment before settling down again for the night she saw the landing craft lift ten miles away.  Her ear bug also said, “Wanderer, it is an appendix, and Ronnie only got a cold. We’ll be in touch. Over Watch clear.”
Lamile tapped her ear bug twice.  She seldom spoke to them. But she let them know she had heard them.  It was midnight when she crawled back into her blankets wondering when she would next be awoken.  She slept until Rhonda woke her a little past sun up. 
She wandered over to where one of the boys with a couple of others had set up a kitchen. They had broken into a store and got dishes and utensils.  Later they had found an abandoned truck or what they thought abandoned, with military rations on it. As they left the driver of the truck came out of the woods yelling and screaming at them.  Lamile had thought the truck had been set up for them.  It hadn’t.  The private had been out of the truck attending to nature when they had stumbled upon it. Lamile chuckled at that, especially the scolding she got from Over Watch.  They stumbled across another food drop about ten miles up the road. There were ration packs all over the road. 
“Think we’ll be in Trenaport Tonight?” Rhonda asked.
“We’re close,” Lamile said, “We get over that hill we should see the city. But we won’t get there tonight.”
“Look!” one of the kids said, as landing craft burst over the top of the hill. It had several containers snuggled up under it.  It was an indication that they were getting close. 
“Lamile,” Timmy one of her lieutenants came up leading a man.    “This guy is asking for you.”
“Me,” Lamile asked. She turned to see a thirty something man who had a pouch over his shoulder and dressed in mostly black.  He was unkempt, but seemed to have an inner discipline she had seen in her Uncle Mike, and a couple of SWAT officers she had met, or possibly Mr. Kellogg. But she also saw that he met the general description of the adult who had been giving bad information to some of the kids that the Evac had already picked up.
“Well not you by name miss,” the man said, “but I asked to see who was in charge, and this lad led me to you.”
“I see,” Lamile said, she was doing her best not to over react, but this guy had to get out of here.  She was certain that he was from the Theocracy.  He might be one of the terrorist her Uncle Mike and her mom were hunting. “Do you want something to eat?”
“No I’m good,” the man said, he had heard about this march. So had father Pierce. Although the priest had gone underground, he still managed to make contact with his team, if only limited contact. The priest had simply thought it was an opportunity to hurt the evacuation command.  Nothing would get the news media’s attention more than a thousand kids being killed.  He had no qualms about killing these children. The rest of his team was hidden up the road a bit. They had taken out a young militia officer who was sitting in a car up the road.  They had been following them for a couple of days getting into position. They had been careful not to let the militia know they were there. It had been difficult; but they had managed not to be seen by all the people following these children. They were certain there was no one else watching them. As soon as he came back they intended to finish the job.  
She took her meal and walked away from the kitchen wagon. She looked around the encampment. She had been about the last to eat so the kitchen was about to close up. A couple of her lieutenants were getting the kids ready to get on the road. The camp was being cleaned up and packed up.  She was proud of her kids; there were a couple of scouts in the group who made sure that they didn’t leave a mess behind when they left the area. As she looked over the camp she tapped her Ear bug unobtrusively.  She knew that this would turn the bug on, and allow Over Watch to hear what she said, possibly see what she was seeing. 
“Some friends and I heard about your march and we would like to help.” The man who had followed her to the kitchen said.
“We have some adults who will be back in a while to help us. The Jamboree is about to close up.  We have a hike into Trenaport where our parents, and scout authorities will meet us.” Lamile had come up with the story a few days back talking with a couple of the scouts in her group. “We are not supposed to allow strangers in the group.”
They walked to road where Lamile wished one of the over watch team members would come up. As they did the man produced a gun and put it into her side.
“Not a word,” the man said, “I will kill you where you stand!”
Her ear bug said, “We’re aware, Wanderer.  We have no one who has an eye ball on you.”
Lamile nodded, her mind working furious.  She didn’t want this guy harmed in front of her kids.  He was going to have to go down.  She knew she could do it. But when she did she wasn’t going to be able to stop.  If there was anything her teachers had taught her, it was when it came time to do what you have to do; do it and don’t think about it. Uncle Mike and her instructor had drilled her to the point where she could go on automatic if she had too. The only one she could go full contact with was her uncle Mike. More than once she had bested him.  She had thought at the time he had let her, but not after she had broken his arm that time. But timing was everything. She walked down the road with the man as Rhonda came up.
“Lamile,” Rhonda said, “We’ll be ready in about fifteen minutes.”
“Okay,” Lamile said, wondering if Rhonda could see the gun. “I’ll be back in a second.  This guy wants to show me something.  Something he thinks might help.”
“Want me to get them on the road?” Rhonda asked sensing that something was wrong.
“Yes,” Lamile said, “Ronda get them to Trenaport!”
Rhonda had been watching the entire situation; she knew there was something up.  She could feel that Lamile was concerned about something. Lately she had been feeling things about people. Not sure exactly what was going on but lately she able to read emotion.  She could tell that Lamile was upset about this man, and this man for a lack of a better word dripped evil. She also could feel that Lamile was hunting for an opening. Lamile wanted some distraction that would let her resolve the situation once and for all.  She smiled as she tripped and fell into guy.  It was exactly what the young Thonian needed. It broke the grip the man had on her and take the pistol away from him. She made a sweeping kick that connected with the priest’s knee, taking him to the ground. It was all she needed. As the priest dropped to the ground she came up with another sweeping kick that connected with his head.  The kick knocked him unconscious immediately. She was about to give him the coup de grace, when she realized that she couldn’t do it. Her instructors had also drilled into her that defense meant just using enough force to disable, and to contain the incident, that to kill was a last resort and only if there was no other way to contain the incident.  She pulled her punch just enough to send him deeper into unconsciousness and turned to Rhonda, “Get me some rope we’re going to leave him by the side of the road. But we are also going to strip him naked.”
The kids did just that. When he awoke he was in the custody of the Trena Mounted Patrol.  They had found his suicide device disarmed it and had placed him in isolation. The Jailer, an AI had posted the man’s name to the booking computer, which was appropriately noted.  The remains of the priest team was found and trailed for a while.  When they were certain that they had all of the team the Mounties attempted to arrest the priest’s team, there was a vicious fire fight and none of the team had been taken alive.
Chapter 2: At the Academy
Jill was studying quietly the next morning in the office of the cadet commander when her Aunt Mylea walked into the office. “Jill?” 
“Oh hi Aunt Mylea,” Jill replied, “What brings you here?”
“We got a message from Lamile” Mylea said. 
“You have a message from Lamile!” Jill said excitedly. She had become very worried about her friend. No one was saying much. Her father would only say that she was okay, and Mylea would only say she was in this town or that town, or that she was seen someplace.  But she heard nothing on how her friend was doing. So Jill was a little bit excited that Lamile had a message for her.
“Yes,” Mylea replied, she pulled out a small device and soon Lamile’s image filled the office.
“Hi Jill,” Lamile said, “I can’t talk long. I have to make these recordings when the others can’t see me.  I’m in Mansfield, about sixty miles from Trenaport. I have about two hundred kids with me. I had no idea that there were so many lost and abandoned kids. Especially the little guys. I am doing okay. Tired. I could use a new set of boots. Something I can walk in.  I am worried about the kids who we have to leave behind. The ones that can’t keep up; or who are too sick to go on. We have enough food got to go…”The image cut out and the next time it came on Lamile was in a wooded setting, “Tell general Langtree that the boots are terrific. Jill I am not going to be able to speak much longer. Just promise me that the little guys and the others are being taken care off. I’ll see you soon!” The image faded out.
“Aunt Mylea,” Jill asked, “Can I send her a message.”
“Maybe,” Mylea replied, “Its mostly just voice messages. We were surprised to have gotten this.”
“Do you suppose if I got the twenty or thirty kids that Lamile has gotten to us together and have them say thank you it could be delivered to Lamile?”
Her aunt smiled and said, “She has a Black Guard escort. If they can’t get a message to her, no one can. Besides I think it will do her soul some good.”
Mylea had heard the depressed and the anxious tone of her daughter’s voice in her message. She was concerned about Lamile wondering if she shouldn’t pull her out. But in the end she couldn’t do that to her daughter. Lamile would never forgive her if Mylea pulled her out before her self-appointed mission had been completed.
Later in the day Jill stood on the quad in front of the admin building. She was by herself. Mylea had a recorder and nodded to Jill to begin, “Lamile, we got your message. The kids are okay! See!” On the word “see” all the kids that Lamile had to leave by the side of the road or given to adults to get to a doctor ran in front of Jill. When they were all set a banner was rolled out from one side across the kids. It said “Thank You Lamile!” when it was fully extended the kids yelled “Thank you!” and then Jill now standing behind the kids asked, “Message Received?”
###
Lamile was poking around in an abandoned store when she saw the envelope with her name on it. Although Lamile was a common name among Thonians she doubted that in an abandoned hardware store there would be an envelope for any other Lamile’s. She opened it and found a data chip. She found a data reader near the cashier’s station. She looked around to see if anyone was watching. Seeing none she put the chip in the reader. She saw the message from Jill and began to cry. The kids, the sick injured kids who hadn’t been able to go any farther were all there. In a special piece the one that she worried about the most little Carlin said thank you from his hospital bed. One of the doctors then said in no uncertain words, “Carlin is doing okay Lamile, you got him here just in time.”
She didn’t see that Rhonda, one of her lieutenants had followed her into the hardware store and seen the whole thing. She had suspected that Lamile was more than who she said she was; but she didn’t know she was a member of the Royal Militia or not. The girl quickly left. Rhonda didn’t want Lamile to know that her secret was out of the bag. Yet Rhonda didn’t want to share the secret with anyone. Lamile had gotten them this far with few problems.
Lamile made a quick message and left it for whoever had left the message for her.
###
“So after Sergeant Mitchum told you to stop you continued?” Lady Hawthorne was holding her first Commandant’s Mast for Gene Perkins, Mitch’s assistant barracks chief. 
“Yes Lady Hawthorne,” the fourteen year old boy said.
“Did you know why she wanted you to stop?” Lady Hawthorne asked.
“Yes she said that writing on the walls was an honors violation.” The youngster said. 
“Why did you continue,” Delores asked. They had found that in the boys shower, in Mitch’s barracks that someone had written disrespectful things about Mitch. 
“I don’t know,” the kid said.
“Gene,” Jill injected at this point it was supposed to be her show. “I know you have been disrespectful to Sergeant Mitchum for a while. And I know you feel that you should have retained your post as barracks chief. It was my decision to put Mitch in your place.”
Jill looked at the boy who was barely a teenager. She wanted to see how he handled what she was saying.  When he said nothing, she continued. “Gene, you have one opportunity to tell us why you did what you did. We expect you to tell us the truth and to be honest with us.”
Lady Hawthorne sat watching Jill do her thing. She wanted to jump in; but Sergeant Green had taken her aside and told her that she had to let Jill do the job. Jill had to learn how to do this.
“Okay Gene,” Jill said when the kid didn’t answer, “Here is the holo of what you did. It also shows that you were asked by Cadet Mitchum to stop and to clean up your mess. Which you did not do! Do you have anything to say now?”
The holo from the School Mistress’ surveillance system played in the conference room. It showed the kid scrolling something on the wall and Mitchum asking that the kid stop and clean it up. 
“Is that you?” Jill asked.
“Yes,” The kid said.
“Now do you have anything to say?” Jill asked. 
“I don’t know why I did it. I thought it was unfair that Valerie took my job.” The kid said, “I had spent several days learning how to do the job and getting the kids to do what needed to be done. I thought it was unfair to turn it over to Mitch.”
“Didn’t Mitch ask you to help her? To be her assistant,” Jill asked.
The kid nodded. 
“And you fought her the entire way didn’t you.” Jill stated.
“Yes,” Gene said.
“From what Sergeant Mitchum has said she gave you every chance to work with her didn’t she.” Jill asked. The kid nodded. “Just so the record is clear Mitch did not report you. School Mistress did; but only after you failed to work with Mitch. Mitch tried to work with you without putting you on report. Are you aware of that?”  
“No I was not aware of that.” Gene said looking at his cadet sergeant. 
“She didn’t want you to have any demerits on your cadet record.” Jill said, “For that is what she is supposed to do. Her job is to train you to replace her, and to work with you so the whole squad can achieve their goals.  As such she failed you also for not reporting to me the problems she was having so we wouldn’t be here today.” She looked at Mitch. She had already spoken to Mitch, and Mitch knew what was coming next. “You have failed Mitch and your cadets, and you both have failed me. As such you both have been given twenty demerits. Each! We will meet on the quad after evening mess, and we well walk off those twenty demerits. In full uniforms with riffle. We will march a perfect square around the quad twenty times.”
“When you say we,” Gene said, “Does that mean you too? “  
“Yes! I failed to give you and Mitch the guidance you needed. So I am to blame for you not performing to my specifications.” Jill said. That got Millie Green’s attention. Never had she heard of the Cadet Commander walking punishment tours at the point on Earth, or other military academy because of their junior officer getting punished. That impressed her. 
Later that night when the three of them began their punishment tours Delores Hawthorne took the newly built reviewing stand and waited until the tours were done. Jill and Lady Hawthorne had set the first of many traditions in the short history of the academy. That when cadet officers drew punishment details, the Cadet Commander drew them also, and the commandant would stand on the reviewing stand until the detail was over.  When Millie and Delores talked later that evening, Delores explained that she had failed Jill by not having given her the direction she needed. As time went on when Delores couldn’t stand on the reviewing stand Millie did. When she did she stood at attention until the tours were done.
Chapter 3:  The General’s Retirement Plans Are Changed
“Marshal,” Mylea walked into Mike’s office several weeks after the old boarding school had become the Academy. That got his attention Mylea rarely used is formal rank.
“We got a problem,” Mylea stated, “We’ve kept you out of the loop as we investigated Lieutenant General Latimar’s looting of abandoned homes. CID has been on the case for a couple of weeks. We knew he was doing it; but we didn’t know the whole chain of disposal. The general has amassed a small fortune selling off the precious jewels, antiques, things that people left behind as they couldn’t or wouldn’t ship them to Home or off world.  We think he has several million crowns from the goods he is selling.  He is using militia trucks and people to ship it to his buyer’s warehouse on the outskirts of town. CID is making the bust today.”
Wilson was speechless. He had known that there was some small minor looting going on. As much as he wanted to stop it; he knew he couldn’t. Mostly it was causal stuff a book picked up out of an abandon book store.  They were things like food out of an abandon village’s markets. It was causal, and mostly unorganized.  In some respects the Cadet Academy clothing for the little guys had come from a looted warehouse. Yet it was done to help the kids at the Academy. Not to further the bank account of an individual.  As Mylea continued Wilson was becoming furious. It wasn’t just the amount things being looted; but the type. A chandelier that was priceless. It had been brought from Earth in the early days of the Kingdom’s founding. A painting of the first Lord of North Lucas, a complete set of second century pre Terran Empire flat ware, it was the quantity. There were no less than fifteen bedroom sets. It wasn’t the amount of money the general was getting for it.  Not all of it top dollar. It was the most blatant abuse of authority and power he had ever witnessed.
“Christ in a hand basket!” the Marshal cursed. “That money has to be being socked away somewhere! How is he expecting it to get past the inspectors at the port?”
“Well it is mostly in off world stocks, and some certificate of ownerships of gold and precious metals. It’s all been transferred off world.  The CID team was able to trace it to an off world bank in the Man sector.  But that is as far we got! You know the banking rules there. It had to go off as black bag courier stuff. In the diplomatic pouches their bankers carry.  We’ve seen him make that connection.” Mylea said. 
“Okay, Tell Mac we’re going to attach ourselves to the arrest team. Who is the MP doing the bust, and would it be okay for me to join the team?” The Marshal asked.
“She’s out side.” Mylea responded.
“Send her in,” The Marshal of the Trena Constabulary requested.
“Corithia,” The Thonian MP Commander walked into Wilson’s office. She came to attention and fired off a salute “Commander 83rd Companions Military Police Battalion reporting as requested Sir.” 
“I understand you are going to bust Lieutenant General Larimer this afternoon.” Wilson commented.
“Yes Sir,” The Thonian said, “We going to bust him on looting, under the UCMJ along with several of his officers and NCOs.  There’s a couple NCOs we’re not going to bust they have been working for us.”
“I see,” Wilson said, “Do you have some paper for me to sign?”
“No sire,” the Thonian said, “My JAG liaison approved the search and seizure, and I went to the trouble of vetting it through General Qoum, and Lord Mercer.  They said make it happen.”
“So you have no qualms about busting this sorry piece of rat dung.” Wilson asked.
“No sir!” The woman said, “He is dirty and he needs to go away.”
“Very well,” Wilson said, “Do you mind if I accompany you?”
“Sir,” The woman smiled, “It would be an honor to have the Marshal accompany my companions.”
“Thank you. What’s the shove off time,” Wilson asked.
“About 1400, He’s returning to his warehouse about then,” The MP commander said, “Customs and us will be making joint entry, as will the Mounties. We have to do it this way as there are civilians involved. We can arrest the Military without a problem. Most likely the civilians too under your evacuation UCJ; but I want it to stick.  So the customs inspectors will be the one to bust the off world buyer, the Mounties the Trenan Citizens, and we’ll do the military!”  
“Okay skipper,” Mylea injected, “I’ll get Liz to get your agenda worked around. You’ll need your tactical gear. And Mac’s going to have kittens.”
“Not really,” Mac had quietly stepped into the office. “We’ll be ready to go at 13:30. But you will not be in the lead team and you will not enter the building until the Commander’s people have the building secure.
“I’ve heard of a couple of other lootings through the grapevine.” Mac continued, “I think it’s time to bust a major personality and let the others know what they are facing.”
“I need to talk with the Queen,” Wilson said, “Liz?”
“Sir the Queen has about fifteen minutes if you hurry right now.” Liz had checked the Queen’s agenda, and had talked with her secretary while the two Thonian women were talking with her boss. They delayed an appointment for Wilson to meet with her. 
“I am on my way.” Wilson grabbed his uniform cap and left.
As he walked the short distance to the Queen’s Office Wilson pondered his next move. The truth be known he thought Lieutenant General Latimar was nothing more or less than a thief. In some respects when he had seen the report he had wanted to call the general in and read him the riot act then send him to the Rock. The Rock was the nick name of a nearly airless world in orbit about a small sun ten light years away that empire owned. It was where Trena sent her worse criminals to. They were the worse criminals that were simply too bad to rehabilitate in a normal security environment.  The prisoners were murders, terrorist, incurable sex offenders, and traitors. They were people that the Kingdom just didn’t want on Trena; but would not execute outright. Trena didn’t execute murders believing that a person who commits murder was indeed mentally ill. So the first deal was to send them to a forensic physiological facility to deprogram the homicidal urges then to rehabilitate them into a less aggressive more responsible citizen. The second time, and there were second times the prisoner was simply shipped to the Rock.
In the general’s case Wilson needed to set an example at the highest level.  No one was going to loot the leftovers of Trena.  He wouldn’t stand for it.  To have one of his generals do this just pissed him off to the very soul of his being.  If the General had wanted to create a company to do this like one of the salvage companies, and to do it without crown resources there wouldn’t be a problem.  He could have been deeded a section of land just like the other breakers and vultures and could have made money that way. But to do it in uniform and get others in uniform to help him that was just ethically, morally, and legally wrong.  The general was going to be the poster child for messing up in uniform.
He entered the Queen’s office and found Lord Mercer sitting with his boss. 
“I heard,” the Queen said, “Larry’s briefing me.”
“Good,” Wilson said, “That saves me some time. I am accompanying the MPs when they bust Lieutenant General Latimar. Under powers of the Marshal I will be issuing a summary judgment and sending him to the Rock.”
“He will appeal,” The Queen replied, “It is his right to appeal to me for a monarch’s pardon.”
“Your majesty I will not influence your decision one way or another. Although under the UCMJ he could be executed, but I won’t do that.” Wilson said, “Now I need to get to Quarters and get my tactical gear on.”
“Mike,” Larry called, “I won’t argue with you about your power. It would be foolish for me to do that.  But it would make more sense to let him be tried under the UCMJ.  The JAG system works and you know it.  Those Thonian cohorts wouldn’t be busting this guy without solid evidence. You know they are thorough.  Hell you’ve taught some of those people. You know how good they are.”
“But I need to send a strong message to every other jerk that’s doing the same thing, and this is the best way I know how to do it.” Wilson said.
“It’s very dramatic, and it is very attention getting.” The crown attorney injected. “But it also may prevent some others from coming forward and sharing what they know. We need to make it known we won’t tolerate looting, but we have to make it known to everyone that the law will be followed.  The first time you start acting like a dictator, not being the even hand you’ve been doing so far, you may lose the rest of the kingdom, including the foreign governments. We can’t afford that.”
“No we can’t,” Wilson rubbed his hand through his graying hair. Now more gray than when he started, “Okay I’ll be present on the raid, but I won’t exercise my CIC option.  But I will be the convening authority and I will insist on a full court martial for him and his accomplices.  I will also go on the EvacNet and let every one of our people know what I think of this bullshit.”
“That’ll work,” The Queen replied, “Mike I have enough problems with this evacuation and you running it, politically without you causing more.”
“Aye ma’am” Wilson said he knew how politically delicate this entire operation was.  Although some of the politicians had made their displeasure known most of the parliament had let him do what he needed to do. And the people were mostly solidly behind him. The polls said he ran a close second behind Queen Aggie in popularity
An hour later he and the Thonian Commander were sitting in an armored personnel carrier.
“Skipper,” Corithia said, “We have the block secured. One of my girls is in the warehouse with the general. They are expecting the buyer in a minute or so.  He was told that if he didn’t cooperate that he would be sent to the Rock instead of just being thrown off planet. Customs owns that critter. Once the deal is done she’ll signal us.  When that happens, the Mounty entry team will drive a hover truck through the door. As that happens an APC will be pulled across the back door, and a SWAT team will make a war jump on the roof.  All of these guys are armed. I have issued a deadly force authorization.  If one of those guys fires off a round, the SWAT team will make a combat entry, and the APC on the back door will go through it. The entry team will order everyone to put down their weapons, and if disobeyed will start taking people out.”
“Do you think,” Wilson asked, “That the general will put up a fight?”
“I don‘t know Marshal,” The woman said, “I am just not taking any chances.  You taught me to consider the improbable in my planning and that’s what’s I am concentrating on.”
“Commander,” Mike said, “Thank you for the briefing, I’ll let you do your job.  Once you have the general under arrest, I will speak with him.”
“You are welcomed Sire. Force leader make it happen.” She turned to the young woman next to her. The force leader the equivalent of a company commander nodded and left. The force leader’s lifemate took a seat next to the commander.  “Everyone is in place. The general is there, and the buyer just entered! It’s about to happen!” 
“Let’s hear the audio from the officer.” Corithia called.
“Audio coming up,” someone said, and the command APC was filled with the sound pick up from the buyer’s communicator.
“Let’s see what you have general,” the buyer said.  He was sweating bullets over this. If he didn’t convince the custom inspectors he was working for them, he was going to go to The Rock.  The Rock was a place few people came back from. 
“This way,” the general said, and began walking the immense warehouse he had taken over. It was loaded to the gills with his loot. The buyer was truly impressed. He had seen the general’s first and second hauls; but this had beat all them combined to date.
“I’ll give you ten million crowns for the lot!” the buyer offered.
“I want thirty,” the General responded “I have some people who need to be paid.  This will be our last operation!”
He had heard the general was retiring.  It made sense that he would ask for that much.  It didn’t make much difference to him. But he had to haggle; anything else would be out of character. 
“15,” the buyer counter offered.
“25,” The general counter offered.
“Okay 20 million and not penny more,” the buyer said.
“Let’s transfer the money,” Latimar agreed. 
“Fine,” the buyer said and took out his hand comp.  He took a card from Latimar and swiped the card and the buyer thumb printed the transaction finalizing the deal. The buyer had told the investigators that Latimer always did electronic fund transfer.  That he had some way to launder the money. This money had an electronic tag to it and didn’t get out of Latimer’s account. Once it hit the account that was the signal for the bust to go down. “Okay if I bring my trucks in?”
“Sure the sooner we get this stuff out of here the better for all of us!” The general agreed. He had started to become nervous over the last few days about his retirement plan.  He couldn’t place why he was nervous about this sale. He didn’t know why; but he blew it off as he would be on a ship later this week as he left the planet with his family not to Home but Barbary in the empire.
“Okay,” The buyer spoke into his communicator, “You can come in!”
Twenty seconds later a massive articulated hover craft pulled into the warehouse. When it came to a stop and the doors began opening, the general’s antiquities expert approached the general, he saw her badge in her hand as she spoke to him, “General Latimar, under the authority granted me by the Trena Evacuation Command, I am placing you under arrest for looting, and behavior unbecoming of an officer. The rest of you are under arrest, lay down your arms and stand where you are.”
The general looked up saw officers pouring out of the back of the hover craft and heard the landing craft coming in and saw the APC blocking the other door. He knew he was not going to retired to Barbary.
“Under the uniform code of military justice, I am informing you of your rights and obligations. You have the right to have counsel presented at any and all interrogations you have the right to remain silent. You have the obligation to provide mitigating information. Do you understand these rights?”
“Yes force leader I do,” The general replied. The force leader gripped the officer’s arm and led him off.
As she led him out, Marshal Wilson stepped into the warehouse, “General Latimar, you are relieved of all duties with the evacuation command, pending the outcome of your court martial you will be reinstated or sentenced.  Force leader take this piece of rat dung out of here.  I want him in max at the Trena Prison. With round the clock guards. He is to be treated with the respect due him but he is to be placed in jail until he is arraigned and bail posted.”
“Aye sir,” the force leader said.
“You can’t do that Marshal,” The general spoke up. “Under the UCMJ, I am entitled to be placed under house arrest.  I am a nonviolent offender awaiting....”
“General,” Wilson seethed, “Yes under the UCMJ you have certain rights, and I have certain obligations. One of those is to protect you against persons unknown who may want to take justice into their own hands. I cannot do that in your home, and while I could put you in quarters six I don’t want to put those folks in a position where they can’t sit on your trial board.  You have one opportunity here to admit your guilt, and accept a summary judgment. If you don’t wish to take advantage of my sense of justice you will be tried.”
“I request a Sovereign’s Hearing,” The general said. As a flag officer in the Trena Militia, he was entitled to a hearing before his sovereign who he and every other officer of flag rank swore additional fealty to.
“Wilson to Queen Agatha,” Wilson called into his communicator.
“Go ahead marshal,” The Queen’s voice came from his communicator.
“Lieutenant General Latimar is requesting a sovereign’s hearing.” Wilson reported.
“I have been following the incident.” the Queen replied, “General Latimar, you are aware that  there will be no appeal to my decision, and that execution of sentence will be immediate.”
“I place myself at the mercy of the sovereign’s good judgment. I understand that by going directly to the crown that I have given up my rights to a trial by my peers and all appeals up to the Queen’s Bench” General Latimar responded.
“Very well,” The Queen replied icily, “I will meet with him and his accuser on the main landing pad at 1900. Marshal Wilson you and Lord Mercer will be there.”  
“Aye-Aye,” Wilson said, “Force leader you will personally escort the general to the meeting.  You will not interrogate the general. You will see that he arrives safely. Should you attempt escape General, this officer is authorized to use whatever force necessary to ensure your recapture.  That includes deadly force. If you attempt escape that will prove to all that you are indeed guilty of the crimes you have been accused of. See that the duty JAG officer goes over the charges with him.”
“I concur,” The Queen’s voice called from Wilson’s communicator. Wilson had forgotten she was still on his phone.
As the general was taken away Wilson turned to the assembled prisoners, “Okay folks, you know what your charges are going to be.  As the appointing authority I will instruct the JAG to make any deal they seem appropriate as long as you admit your guilt, and you turn states evidence. Okay MPs take them away.”
Wilson walked with his protective detail to the limo that was waiting for him. Once inside he made a call to his XO, “Mylea.  It’s over.  The general has asked for and has been granted a Crown hearing.  The Queen will hear his plea at 1900.  I will be there. Anything else going on?”
“No sir,” Mylea replied, “It’s quiet. I was just handed a report that the evacuation has now lifted half our people off world. We’re half way there!”
“We have what three months?” Wilson asked.
“Closer to four skipper,” Mylea replied.
“I want to talk with the minister of labor, and the labor reps in the embassies. I want to see if we can move some of our people into jobs on those worlds again.” Mike said.
“I’ll see what I can do sir.” Mylea heard the depression in her boss’ voice. “Hey dude, cheer up.  It could have been worse.”
“I don’t know how!” Wilson replied.
“They could have resisted arrest and have been shot one and all.” Mylea remarked, “Wouldn’t that be a merry mess?”
“Yes it would,” Wilson confirmed, “Since I am out already, I am going to stop by a couple of the zones to see how the loading is going. Tel Liz I am sorry for messing up her nice neat calendar.”
Mylea knew what her boss was going to do. He was cleansing his soul.  He wanted to be somewhere, where the evacuation team was making things happen the way they should.  Mylea knew by the end of the day he would have been on at least one lift, or have helped a family get on board a landing craft to orbit.  He did this when the office pressure was just too much.  For all of his status as Marshal of the Trena Constabulary he was still an NCO at heart.
Chapter 4: The Kids Come Home
Lamile was tired. But it was the type of tired that she had never expected to actually enjoy.  She stopped by the side of the road as she watched the kids go by.  She was shocked, dismayed, and pleased at the same time.  Almost a thousand kids were walking with her to Trenaport. They could actually see the outskirts of the capital as they walked along the shore road. One of the kids near her same age came up and stood by her. Alan, was big for his age, and stood almost eye to eye with her. Lamile stood six two, and was considered short for her people.  
“What’s up Alan,” Lamile asked.
“Taking a breather,” Alan said, He was a farm boy used to working hard in his parent’s fields.  He had come home one day from the fields to find his family gone. His sisters and parents were not home. They had left a note for him to go out to the south fields of the farm. He got there just in time to see a landing craft take off.
That had been in the early days of the evacuation.
He couldn’t find them. He had assumed they had left on the landing craft. He tried to work the farm; but it was just too much for him. The farm was going to pot. He was sitting on one of the tractors, when he saw Lamile’s gaggle of kids approaching the farm.  He had quickly gone to the barn and filled the livestock water tank and hooked it to the tractor.  He took it to the kids with everything he had that could hold water. He let the kids sleep around and in the barns overnight and slaughtered and barbequed a stag like his father had shown him. He had been taken aback, when none of the kids hadn’t known how to help him. He had thought everyone his age knew how to do this. Latter Lamile had convinced him to come along.  For a while he had driven the tractor pulling a couple of trailers that held the smallest kids. Later he let one of the other kids who walked with a limp do that.
“It’s almost over,” Lamile said pointing to a landing tug roaring into space on the edge of the city. They could see several containers hanging from the tug, “We can’t be more than ten miles out.”
“Not more than that anyways,” Rhonda, one of Lamile’s assistants came up. Rhonda was a short girl, younger than Lamile; but was filled with life and was Lamile’s whip. If one of the kids acted up it was Rhonda who took care of it.  Lamile had scolded Rhonda a time or two that her methods were too rough; but the kids would follow them anywhere.
“What’s that?” Alan pointed to the woods on the other side of the road. He thought he had seen a wisp of smoke. When he didn’t see it again, he said, “I guess nothing, time to move on.”
They shouldered their packs and moved on. Not before Alan looked back one more time to where he thought he saw something. He couldn’t shake the feeling that he had seen smoke.  As a farm boy he had seen what fire could do if not controlled.
They walked for another hour, when Lamile decided it was time to halt for the day. Although it was early, not even 16 yet and very maddening to stop so short of their goal; the little kids just couldn’t go any further today. She knew that in the morning, that she and her kids would enter the city proper. She suspected that by midday if not by sunset she would be back in her mother’s home. She was a little apprehensive about her home coming. She had gotten one short note from her mother.  It simply said, “We’ll talk when you get home.”  
As they set up camp, she pondered the events of the last month. They had been incredibly lucky. The general and the guardsmen had made things happen for them. Every once in a while they would stumble onto supplies. Medicine, food, clothing once for a couple of the little guys who were all but naked had been left for them.  She knew the SpecWars were looking after her. Every once in a while she would be walking around the perimeter of the camp, when one of them would make themselves known. Sometimes they would have an adult walk with them for a few days. That adult would be a guardsmen and he or she would pass on information. Every once in a while after she came from the latrine or from a nearby creek where she had wiped the grime from her face and hands, one of them would talk to her. They would pass on weather information to her, what roads to follow, what roads to avoid.  They let her know about a group of men who were ransacking homes ahead of them and that they should stay where they were for a night.  Carlin wasn’t the only kid that they had to get help for. One of the kids had been very sick and Lamile had let her watchers know.  One of them came down the road in a jeep. She explained that they were on the last jamboree of the Trena Scouts and their adults were in town. The man who Lamile knew simply as Big Brother took the kid and got him to help. Later she thought she had seen a landing craft land and take off again. She had worried herself sick over that one until Jill’s message saying he was at the Royal Corps of Cadets Academy. They had heard about the academy. The kids were all talking about it as it was a place they could go and be safe. 
Now as she wandered the camp, as the kids settled down for the day, she wondered what she would do after this.  She wasn’t old enough to be on her own. Yet she felt that she was not a child anymore. Although this journey had been harrowing, and nerve wracking, she had also enjoyed the sense of accomplishment she was getting by ensuring these kids got to safety. It had been a lot of work, more work than she thought it would be. And yes she knew that part of her success was because of the extraordinary men and women who had been shadowing her out of the sight of her kids.   What amazed her the most was that many of the kids had not tried to challenge her leadership. A couple of the boys had tried to challenge her in the beginning, and had come close blows.  But something her uUncle Mike had taught her.  If you had to lead by being a bully you weren’t leading.  So when the boys had tried to take over, she had just simply said okay and let them have their way.  Within a day, they boys were referring to her for leadership.  Now on the eve of their arrival in Trenaport she surveyed the camp wondering what was next.
“Hi Lamile,” Timmy one of the first kids to join her troop came up to her, “Rhonda said to give this you.” This was a mug of soup.
“I wonder where mom and dad are,” Timmy asked as they sat down on a fallen tree by the side of the road. Timmy was greatly disturbed over his parents leaving him behind. “I don’t understand why they left me behind.”
“We may never know,” Lamile took the cup. She tousled the kid’s hair, “maybe it’s something we need to move on about.”
“Yeah,” The kid said leaning out of Lamile’s reach, “But I sure want to know why.  Was it something I said, or did?”
“Timmy,” Lamile looked into the kid’s eyes. “You don’t worry about that.  You’ve helped me as much as any of these other kids.  You just keep up the good work.  Don’t worry about the past.  Let’s work to the future.”
“Okay,” Timmy said taking the empty cup from her.  As he walked away Lamile had a glimmer of an idea what she wanted to do after this.  Someone would have to work with these kids. Get them ready for adulthood.  Too many of them had cried themselves to sleep many a night. She had heard kids crying every night.  She couldn’t mother all of them; but she could sure be their big sister, and help them make it after they got to civilization.
Lamile walked into the woods where one of the older kids had said they set up latrines.  As she got there her ear bug came up.
“Wanderer, Big Brother.” The ear bug said.
“Go ahead Big Brother.” She recognized the voice as one of the Black Guardsmen who was watching over them.
“I am coming out of the woods. Stay where you are.” The man said. “I need a face to face. wWe got some trouble.”
“Okay,” Lamile said wondering what sort of trouble.  Usually they talked only over the ear bug, seldom face to face, so the kids would not be spooked. When they did talk face to face it was in places where they had privacy.
“Hi kid,” the marine NCO said. He was old enough to be her father. “Look, you have a forest fire behind you.”
“How bad,” Lamile asked.
“Bad enough.” the NCO said, “The brass want you moving. I told them that your little guys are worn out.”
“Damn.” Lamile said. “Did Chief Able drop her FireBots on the fire?” 
“I don’t know,” The NCO said.
“Lamile!” Rhonda yelled, “Where are you?”
“Here!” Lamile yelled.  The girl came up stopping cold in her tracks when she saw the Marine. She had known that Lamile had been talking to people and she was more than she let on to be; but this was really the first time she had seen anyone the marine talking with her.
“What’s up?” Lamile asked.
“We have smoke on the horizon behind us.” Rhonda said, “We need to break camp and get moving.”
“Make it happen, Rhonda! Sarge, I know this is going to spook my kids,; but bring your troops in. I need some help. I don’t know if you can get us lift fast enough; but can you try to get us some elsiesElsies or trucks?”
“Call General Langtree direct while I get my troops and talk to the LT.” The Black Guardsman said.
“General Langtree this is Lamile.” Lamile called.
“This is David, Lamile,” the gGeneral’s baritone was not degraded by the small ear bug.
“General I have a situation. We have a forest fire coming up behind us. I need some transport fast.” Lamile asked.
“It’ll be an hour before I can get anything to you on the ground.” The Ggeneral said, “Let me get air ops on the horn and see what I can do. In the meantime get your kids moving.”
“Aye sir,” Lamile said.
“Lamile, take care and you’re doing great! I’ll tell your mother what’s going on.” General Langtree said.
Lamile relieved herself and ran to where the kids were breaking camp. “I want a nose count! Alan, Rhonda. Get some kids left and right of our group. Walk everyone to the road. Keep them on the road.” Alan nodded pointed to a couple of older kids and worked to the left of the group Rhonda waved and grabbed a couple of kids and pointed them to the right of the group.
As she worked to back of the large group of kids she found the marines. They were respectfully waiting for her.  This surprised her. The lieutenant approached her. “Major, what are your orders?”
“Major?” Lamile asked.
“Major,” Big Brother replied, “You have been carried on the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets as major, and the second in command of them since it was founded a month ago.”
“Our orders are to support you and your kids and to take our orders from you. This comes directly from Evac One, and the Queen.” The lieutenant relayed his orders.
“Oh,” a stunned Lamile said softly, “We’ll be the back of the back Lieutenant. Send a couple of your guys up to help the kids get on the road. We want to herd the entire group on to the road and towards town.  General Langtree is promising trucks in an hour. That’s about a mile and half maybe two down the road for my guys.”
“Aye-aye,” The LT nodded to the marines who started to take up their positions. As they walked at the back of the group as it moved down the road the Lieutenant turned to his young companion. “Major, a couple of us have been watching you for nearly a month. I’ve been with you the entire time and before we both get separated by fate, I want you to know I have written an endorsement for the Guard to recruit you.”
Lamile looked at the lieutenant not knowing what say to say as he put a piece of paper with his name grade and duty station in her hand.  She knew that the Black Guard was the Special Forces, Special Force. They didn’t have to be a SpecWar before they were ever invited to become one of the Empire’s legendary Black Guardsmen; but most of them were. There were officers from law enforcement units, the Interstellar Rescue Service, the Imperial Navy and others who were the best in their units. She was flattered;, but she had made up her mind.  She was not going to be a SpecWar. She didn’t have the mind set to be one. What she wanted to do was work with these kids and see that they got settled.  Maybe working with social services on Home helping to resolve some of the problems that were sure to crop up. “Thank you Lieutenant.  But I don’t think the Military is in my future. I think I want to work with families and kids in trouble.”
 
“Major,” The LT said turning around to watch behind them for a second, “There is a lot of work that needs to be done in the military.  It is more than just guns and blood. We need people who understand people and can help our families. Even when we are not forward deployed, things happen. We are just like other families anywhere with our problems.  We need people who have been on the sharp end of the stick and who know what it is we do. If we know that our families are taken care of then we can do our jobs.”
“Thank you I will keep that in mind.” Lamile said. “Now let’s catch up with these guys I don’t want to be left behind.”
The two began walking a little faster behind the gang of kids now spread out along the road.
###
“Mylea,” The qQueen walked into Mylea’s office, “Have you heard?”
“About Lamile,” Mylea asked, she was in the process of closing up her desk to go meet Lamile. David had called her to let her know what was going on.
“Yes,” The Qqueen replied. “Want company?”
Mylea hesitated. While she wouldn’t have minded the young woman’s company, she wanted to have some private time with her wayward daughter. She hadn’t seen her in over a month and she knew that with what else was going on that she maywould not really get a chance to spend much time with her over the next few weeks.
“Your highness,” Mylea said, “if it’s all right with you, I think I would like to see her by myself.”
The Queen nodded, and said, “If she is done with her charges, and you wouldn’t mind, I would like to meet with her and you at 20 today. I know I know, but after I complete spend the few minutes on that unpleasant business; I would like to spend a few pleasant minutes with two people who I think a lot of.”
“Okay, your majesty we’ll be there.!” Mylea said as her driver and protective agent came in. “Ready to go in a second Tony.”
The mounted patrolman nodded and tried to become part of the wall as the qQueen left the office.
Mylea was tempted to have her driver take  all the way here to where the kids were; but thought better of it. She was where the kids would be shortly and if she waited for them where she was she would be out of the way of the people who were helping them. She didn’t want to be a problem. She watched as the news media began to arrive at the staging point. As they got out of the cruiser where they had parked in a restaurant’s parking lot, Tony pointed to a column of smoke.  “That may be getting worse XO.” 
“I know,” Mylea said then spoke to the cars expert system, “Computer, tune to the fire network and the group that is fighting the fire just outside of Trenaport on the north side by the sea.”
“Wild Land Fire Control to Trenaport dispatch,” A voice called over the communicator as the expert system found what Mylea wanted, “I need additional units at the Wanderer Fire.”
”We’ll dispatch another full alarm.” The Trenaport dispatcher called back.
“Wild Land fire control this is Chief 1.” Janet Able’s voice came over the communicatorradio, “You are ordered to go defensive only. We’re sending you more bull dozers, and other brush clearing equipment.  Do not try to save homes. Just keep the fire from cutting the main road.”
“Chief 1 we copy! dDefensive only. Save the road and nothing else.” A The voice calledsaid.  That did it for Mylea.
“Tony! Get me there!” Mylea said, “I want to be where those kids are. Number 12,” She addressed the cruisers expert system, “give me flight ops.” 
“This is Fflight Ops, XO.” The AI controlling air ops called,
“Stand by Flight Ops, XO to Chief 1" Mylea ordered.
“Go Mylea,” Janet returned, her head floating in the holo of the com set to look at Mylea.
“I’m going to order the alert birds in to pick up those kids. Do you want to load it with fire fighters or something?”
“Yes,” Janet exclaimed, “Tell them to hold for a FireBots battalion. They’re on the base we just need to get them to the birds.”
“Janet can they be air deployed.” Mylea asked having never seen a FireBot one of them before.
“They can be orbital deployed.” Janet responded.
“Good I’ll be forward with the kids. I will go no further than the rear end of the kid’s column.  I got to make sure they are safe.”
“Understand XO,” Janet said knowing if her daughter was in harm’s way, she wouldn’t be as calm or as collected as Mylea was appearing to be.  It was one thing to watch other’s children be in harm’s way it was different when it was your own. 
“XO, flight ops. General Langtree already has the bots moving. ETA to you is less than fifteen minutes. I am launching the alert bird off the Mercy. They’ll air deploy a medic team and  be ready for a combat evacuation.” A human voice said.
“XO copy all. Tony. Move your ass!” She yelled at her driver as she slammed the door on the cruiser. The police cruiser roared out of the parking lot and down the road.  Tony brought the siren and lights on and soon found himself having to slow down as two hover cycle cops fell in with therm.  If he hadn’t he would have ran over them. They made it to the kid’s column in less than fifteen minutes. Just in time to see the landing craft come screaming in at tree top level and vomit twenty firefighting robots onto the fire. They were tracked vehicles with old fashioned bulldozer blades, and digging equipment.  They also were equipped with presser and tractor beams to pull and push other stuff out of their way.  There was a small tank of fire retardant and high expansion foam, as well as some small lasers to start back fires.  They were designed to either put down a fire or make a fire break.  They had been very effective in fighting wild land fires.  They were supervised by two human operators who were on the last two vehicles out of the landing craft. 
Their first order of business once on the ground was to form up on either side of the road and then engage their blades and move into the fire. Although the fire hadn’t reached the road yet, the fire team leader commanded the FireBots to drop their blades and tear the ground up between the fire and the road. They knocked down small trees, and left an ugly scar on the ground. When they were finished they had grubbed out everything to a depth of six inches for two hundred feet on either side of the road for several hundred yards down along it.  They coated the ground with fire retardant. As they finished their first pass the team leader came up to where Mylea was standing.
“Good afternoon Chief!” The young woman said, “FireBot Bat 3 at your service!”
“That was impressive.” Mylea said as another landing craft came in, landing in the middle of the road. She was watching the kids troop by and had yet to lay eyes on her daughter. She wondered where she was. 
“Just a day’s work for us,” The woman said, “I think we can keep this thing from spreading at least long enough to get those kids out of here.”
“Thank you Bat 3.” Mylea said as the woman climbed back up on a FireBot and started to ride back into the fire. 
“Mom,” Mylea heard Lamile’s voice. She turned and saw Lamile carrying a small child in her arms. “What are you doing here?”
“Just keeping an eye on my troops,” Mylea said.  It wasn’t too far from the truth.
“Yeah right,” Lamile was nearly drowned out by another landing crafttransport landing. A couple of militia men jumped out even before the front ramp was fully on the ground.  They got the ramp ready for the kids to board.  A third landing craft landed and began getting ready to load the children.
“Alan,” Lamile yelled. “Lieutenant, get them aboard. I need a head count no one lifts until I get a full count.” She looked up and saw an IRS landing craft, “Wanderer to IRS”
“Go ahead Wanderer” A voice called in her ear bug.
“I need a slow low pass on our line of march! I want you to verify that there isn’t anyone on the road after us.” Lamile called.
“Aye Wanderer sweep being made.” The pilot called.
“Wanderer this is Mercy 2 we have an empty bay. Can we be of assistance.” a second voice called.
“Lieutenant we got enough lift on the ground?” Lamile asked as her mother watched in awe as her daughter handled the situation.  Her baby was certainly no longer a baby.
“Affirmative major,” The Black Guardsman returned, “almost too much.”
”Mercy 2 we have enough lift on the ground. See if the FireBots can use your help.” Lamile said releasing the landing craft to the fire department. 
“Major,” The Lieutenant called. “We are short two souls.”
“Who?” Lamile replied panicky.
“Well if you got aboard the LC we would be full up.” the man answered taking the child from her arms.
“Okay,” Lamile said walking with her mother to the landing craft. “Mom I got to go with the kids.”
“I know.” Mylea replied she was torn between, going with them and going back to the palace in the end run she knew that Lamile had to finish her self-appointed task by herself. “I know. Take care of your people.  I’ll see you at Serenity in couple of hours. Climb into something suitable for court. We got an appointment with the Queen at 20.  I will meet you at the palace.”
“You’re not mad” Lamile had to ask.
“Uh we’ll talk about that.” Mylea replied. She had gotten over her anger weeks ago. “Just get your people to safety.”
“Okay Mom,” Lamile said hugged her mother and ran up the ramp to the landing craft’s cargo bay looking around one last time before disappearing inside.
When the landing craft had taken off Mylea called over the com system, “XO to all forces at the fire. Good job! XO is clear and in route back to EVAC. XO out”
“Okay XO! I have you departing the Wanderer Burn.” A voice called.
Mylea walked over to her staff car and told Tony to get her backhome.  As they left the area she saw five trucks pull up loaded to the gills with people all carrying shovels, picks, saws, and other wild land firefighting equipment. They were followed by a couple of fire trucks. The FireBots had done their job of fire suppression; but the human crew would over haul and make sure the fire was contained. By going defensive they knew they would lose some homes; but they had to keep the road open for a while longer.
###
“Jill,” Lady Hawthorne came into the library where Jill was researching her paper on government, “Just got word from Evac Command, Lamile is bringing the kids home.”
“I thought it wouldn’t be until tomorrow.” Jill commented.
“So did I,” Lady Hawthorne replied “Are you guys ready.”
She had decided to let Jill manage and organize the reception of the children that Lamile was bringing in. She had reviewed the young woman’s plan. Delores was satisfied that Jill’s plan would work. Though she was surprised at who had done most of the planning.
“We’re ready; Mitch and Gene have got things ready.” Jill answered. After the punishment detail she had worked with both kids to make sure they never walked tours again, and then turned them loose on getting things ready for when Lamile brought the kids she was escorting in.  Mitch and Jill had worked with Sergeant Green and the IRS medics to set up a receiving operation to make sure that the kids were properly in processed. This would be the largest influx of kids they would get so far. Maybe the largest they would ever get. Jill wanted the operation to go perfectly.
“Oh the Qqueen has asked that your honors platoon be at the palace by 1900. Sergeant Green has a bus ready for you.” Delores said.
“How soon on Lamile,” Jill asked.
“They should be landing in about half an hour.” Delores said. 
“Looks like I need to get busy,” Jill said closing up her books and standing up. She left the library and asked the School Mistress to get the reception team to the school’s landing pad. She also asked that the honors unit be turned out for a palace job. It would be the first time that they had ever gone to the palace as a unit. 
“Are we ready,” Jill asked seeing Gene and Mitch putting the finishing touches on the reception area as she walked onto the pad.
“Almost Colonel,” Mitch said, “just waiting for the Medics to get in place.”
Jill looked around and saw the medic team from the Recovery setting up their stuff. Nodding Jill turned to her cadets.
“Okay cadets listen up!” Jill called, “the landing pad officer says we have three landing craft coming our way. tThey are loaded with about a thousand kids between them. When they come off the Elsies they will be a bit lost. Our job is to get them off the pad and to reception. There’s about a thousand of them so we have to be fast and efficient; but not cold. Remember they have been on the road for over a month and many of them have lost parents and are trying to avoid the authorities. So when they get off the landing craft, I want you to make them feel welcomed. They are part of us after all. Just be gentle and take your time. Major Atomi is with them, she is in charge of the detachment.”
“We’re ready Jill,” Mitch said. She had most of the older cadets ready to go. 
“Okay Mitch,” Jill said as the first landing craft came in. 
It settled to the pad and began to unload. The kids came down out of the landing craft looking a bit lost and bewildered. Mitch went right to work forming them into two lines towards where her helpers were ready to take their names and ages. Jill was surprised that these kids appeared in better shape than what they had found the kids in,  when she first came to the  boarding school.
 to open it as the academy. 
“I want any brother and sister groups to come up to me.” Mitch called. “Just step out of line and come here.” 
Several of the kids stepped up to Mitch.
“Okay,” Mitch called, “if you follow me, we’ll get you started.” 
A couple of adults were walking the line forming the smaller kids into a separate line to move them off the pad.also and they were there to help control the little guys. As they did Alan tried to stop them, “Who are you and where are you taking these little guys?”
“I am Mrs. Jasper,” the older woman said, “We want to get the little guys to the cafeteria while we process them.”
Alan was plainly upset. Jill was about to say something; but Mitch beat her to it.
“Hello,” Mitch came up to Alan, “I am sSergeant Mitchum. iIs there something I need to know?”
“Lamile is on the last transport and she wouldn’t be happy about separating out these guys.” Alan replied. 
“You are?” Mitch asked.
“Alan Penrose,” the kid answered looking down a bit to the girl standing next to him. “Why?”
“Alan we are trying to get you guys all sorted out.” Mitch said, “Major Atomi didn’t know what we were going to do here; but if you give me a second I’ll see if I can raise her.”
“Okay,” the young man said.
“Mr. Penrose I understand your concern,” Mitch replied taking out her com, “Wanderer this is Sergeant Mitch please respond.”
“This is Wander,” the strange girl’s voice came from the communicator.
“Wanderer I have an Alan Penrose with me, he wants to talk with you.” Mitch said handing the device to the young man.
“What’s going on Alan? iIt’ll be several minutes before I will be down.” Jill heard Lamile’s voice on the device.
“They are separating the little guys out of our group,” Alan replied.
“It’s okay Alan! tThey won’t hurt them,” Lamile called, “I have promises that we’ll be okay.”
“Are you sure,” the young man asked.
“Is there a blond nearby that goes by the name of Jill,” Lamile asked.
“I am here Lam,” Jill spoke up.
“Are you going to take care of my kids,” Lamile asked.
“I am going to take care of all my kids. Lady Hawthorne and Dad will have my scalp if I don’t,” Jill answered.
“Alan you can trust Jill and her people.” Lamile responded. “Sergeant Mitch, Alan is one of my lieutenants. Work with him.”
“Aye-aye major!” Mitch responded, “Mr. Penrose if you will come this way I will show where the kids are going to be for a while.”
Mitch escorted the young man and a group of kids, both little guys and brother and sisters to the mess halldining hall. As they entered the mess halldining hall and were seated Sergeant Lucas’ team made sure each kid had a cookie and a class of milk.  That eased Alan’s fears a bit. “All we are trying to do Mr. Penrose is to make sure that they are taken care of.”
“It’s Alan, sSergeant Mitch,” the boy said.
“Alan,” Mitch said with a radiant smile, “It is Mitch. Let’s get back to your kids. We need to get back to the pad.”
“Okay,” Alan followed the girl out of the dining mess hall; but not before taking a cookie himself.
Things were in full swing on the landing pad. The cadets and the adults were segregating the children into age appropriate groups and walking them up to other adults and young people who were taking their names and getting them registered. All the older children ages 12 to 18 were being given a package about the corps of cadets and how to join them.  As they left the name takers, several more cadets worked to form them in to squads and lead them to where Millie Green waited with several adults and cadets to get them outfitted in clean new clothes. Then re they took them to the dormitoriesy where they were told to get rid of their existing clothing. Many taking their first shower in months.
Children who were sick or injured were escorted to academy medics. There the medics checked the kids over and treated them as needed. Between treating them, the kids who acted as medics on the Long March, discussed what they knew about the children who were sick. 
“I don’t know what I expected,” Lieutenant Carnaye told Lady Hawthorne as he and the others were  was taking a breather waiting for the last landing craft to land. “bBut I certainly didn’t expect those kids to tell me what kids were sick and what they did to help them.”
“It was mostly first aid stuff,” Lady Hawthorne replied. “They were not as dirty as I expected either. I don’t know if it was Lamile Atomi, or what; but those kids were in better shape than I would have expected.”
“Yes,” the medic Millie commented as the last landing craft landed and the ramp open. A single thonian female was seen at the top of the ramp. As Lamile began to walk down the ramp, the kids who were still being processed began to clap and cheer.  Soon the cadets helpingworking the kids joined in as did the adults. Jill let it go on as she walked up to her friend and hugged her fiercely.
“You ever scare me like that again I will kick your butt!” Jill spoke to her best friend.
“Not a problem,” she held her friend at arm’s length to look at her, “I am so glad to see you! You don’t know how much your message meant to me! I was so worried about Carlin.”
“He’s been worried about you too,” Jill replied, “you’ll see him soon.”
Mitch came up and whispered in her ear. “You have that other detail colonel. I can finish up here.”
“Okay Mitch,” Jill replied then turned to her friend, “Lamile we’ll catch up. This cadet commander stuff can be a royal pain. Since Mitch is needed more than I am here, I have to take the honors unit on a job.”
“We’ll catch up,” Lamile responded then said, “Is there a place I can get cleaned up. Mom said something about needing to be at Serenity at 20in an hour.”
“This way Lamile,” Lady Hawthorne called and took her young friend to change into clothes suitable for court.
Chapter 5: Punishment and Rewards
The Queen walked on to the main landing pad of the Palace where General Latimar was already waiting for her.  He was still in the uniform that he had been arrested in. The general stood tall and proud, beside the two Thonian military police officers who had custody of him. He was not in shackles, or restrained in any way.  Not that he was going to be allowed to harm the Queen.  One of McGregor’s snipers was nearby where he could take the general down in the blink of an eye should he pose a threat to the Queen. 
“General,” The Queen spoke. She was flanked on either side by Mike Wilson, and Larry Mercer with General Qoum nearby. “You stand before me charged with looting, behavior unbecoming a queen’s officer, plus conspiracy.  These are the most severe charges. There are a score of others, miss appropriation of crown property, tax fraud, receiving stolen property, selling stolen property. Have I missed anything Lord Mercer?”
“No Majesty.” Lord Mercer replied.
“General,” the Queen spoke to the fallen officer, “you know I have seen the evidence, and have witnessed a part of your criminal activity when you were arrested. Before you make your appeal I suggest that you carefully consider your words and plea. What say you?”
“Your majesty, I have dishonored the crown, my service and my family.” the general said, he was trying to beat a death sentence.  For looting and conspiracy to commit looting he could be executed right on the spot.  There wasn’t an argument that he was innocent. He was shown the entire evidence file against him.  He had been seen personally looting a house of a now departed Trena Noble.  Also exhorting others to loot nearby homes in a town his troops were passing through to their next assignment.  They had stopped for a couple hours for his troops to ransack a small town. “I fall upon the mercy of my sovereign, wanting not to save myself but; to ensure that my children and spouses will not be harmed in anyway.  Yes I am guilty of the charges you lay against me.”
“Lord Wilson, do you have anything to say?” The Queen asked.
Wilson was still furious over the incident. He wanted a pound of flesh from the general. He wanted the general to be punished in such a way that no one else would do the same thing.  But he also needed to make sure he didn’t alienate the other officers in the Evacuation Command.  After all he was just a sergeant that had been reached down for and made into an officer.  Not just an officer but the Commander In Chief for the entire unit.  There were some bitter officers who thought they should have been made the Evacuation Team leader, not Wilson.
Wilson was quiet for a few minutes deep in thought, “Your majesty.  I am loath and am appalled that a general in my command would dishonor his oath, and the entire evacuation command.  His actions cheapen, and soil everything we have done to ensure that the people of Trena get off world safely.  He was charged with the task of securing the abandon homes, and possessions of our departed citizens against the very thing he did. I cannot in good conscience offer amnesty.  I would suggest mercy.  He has admitted guilt after all. He has not tried to deny it I suggest mercy.”
“Lord Mercer?” The Queen turned to her oldest most trusted advisor. 
“Your majesty, the man is nothing but a criminal, a criminal in the uniform of your service.  He has stolen, cheated, and lied to his superiors and has disgraced his nation as no one has in uniform in quite a while.  Although he does deserve the death sentence; I too recommend mercy.  Maybe the others who were arrested with him for following his orders can be salvaged.  If we execute him we have to execute everyone who was arrested with him.  Many of those misguided officers have turned Crown’s Witness.”
“General Qoum,” the young monarch turned to the Commander of the Trena Militia.
“It would dishonor the service to execute this piece of offal. I would not like to have my soldier’s hands soiled by the execution of this officer. While I would like to see him executed, it will not do the service any good.  I therefore recommend mercy also.”
“General Larimer.” The Queen said, “You and your family will be transported to the Terran Imperial Prison of Dungeon. You will be stripped in grade to private. You will lose all privileges of your grade of general, and your rank as a brigade commander.  If you choose not to have your wives and children go with you into exile, a place will be made for them on Home if they choose. They will receive a full grant should none of them have so much as a halfpenny from the properties that you have looted. That is my ruling.”
“Thank you your majesty.” the general said. Going to the “Rock” was far better than being executed, though by the “Rock’s” reputation he might be dead in months. Thankfully none of his wives or children had any inclination of what he was doing.
“Dismissed,” The Queen commanded.
“Prisoner, attention!” Two guards wearing plain kakis approached the general. They were from the Rock as Dungeon was called. They were on Trena to coordinate the removal of prisoners to the Rock that the people of Trena didn’t want in their prisons or to transport to Home.
The general snapped to attention. Then without much more ceremony the guards stripped him down to his skin. Then, taking out an arm band they snapped it around his arm. There was a bright light near the seam and the device was permanently sealed on the general’s arm. The general cringed from the pain, nearly fainting. The arm band announced to the world he was a prisoner in transit to Dungeon.  If he tried to escape from his escort he could be shot.  If he was found off Dungeon he could be executed. The arm band was active and he had to stay within sixty feet of his escorts until he was put in a brig to be transported to Dungeon. If he wandered away from his escort or got out of the detention center an escort it would kill him instantly.  The escort handed him a tan jump suite that had a capital “P” on the back and front. The idea was to let prisoner know he was no longer in control of his person.
“Prisoner fall in!” the detail leader called. “Forward March.” 
Before the Queen and the remainder of the people of Trena, the General was marched off to his exile. It was a prison world that the Empire, the Realm and Trena sent the worse criminals in their nations.  It killed 6 out of 10 prisoners the first six months on world.  But it could be survived, and not necessarily by being the baddest meanest person on the planet.  There were some villages and towns where the force of law existed, and it was peaceful.  
It had been an unpleasant thing.  But it had to be done. Now that she had sentenced the officer to Dungeon the prison world, she, General Qoum, Marshal Wilson, and Lord Mercer left the landing area and walked to the audience chamber where a very special event was to take place.  
The Queen had become quite impressed with what Lamile had accomplished, how she had gone about it, and the way the adults who had been watching over her reported about her activities.
Unknown to Wilson the Queen had asked that his aide bring his coronation sword to the audience chamber, as the four of them walked in his aide handed it to him.  Puzzled, Marshal Wilson buckled it on.  As they walked into the chamber proper a young voice called out, “Corps of Cadets! Atten-hut!” 
Wilson turned towards the voice and saw not only the cadets from the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets standing at attention. Behind them stood Lady Hathaway and several of the retired and active duty NCOs who were the corps instructors and advisors. Standing at rigid attention in front of the cadets was his daughter. As her father and the Queen passed she fired off a salute and reported, “The Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets reporting as ordered your majesty.”
“As you were cadets,” The Queen responded.  The Queen looked to her left and saw a company of black guardsmen, militia officers and enlisted men and women and others who had been working behind the scenes to help Lamile now standing at ease. The Queen looked to Princess Carroll and nodded, asking, “General Alphine will you join me on the dais please.”
“Certainly your majesty,” The princess joined the small parade to the throne.
When they got there Mylea now in her dress uniform was standing with General Langtree dressed in his dress uniform as well. When the Queen reached the throne she turned and nodded to the door man. Who was standing before the ornate ceremonial door to the throne room.
He opened the door. With the door opened he slammed down his baton on the floor calling, “It is with great honor, I present to Her Majesty Queen Agatha and this assembly of Cadets, Officers, and dignitaries, Miss Lamile Atomi, Wanderer, Rescuer of the One Thousand.”
Lamile timidly stepped into the throne room as the Senior NCO cried out, “Room Atten-hut! Hand Salute!” 
With those simple words every man and woman in uniform, either that of Trena or that of other star nations came to attention and saluted the young woman who was now very uncomfortably approaching her sovereign. She saw her mother, her Uncle Mike, General Langtree, and Princess Carroll all standing at attention and saluting her.  It took her breath away to see her mother, and her uncle Mike honoring her this way.
Once at the throne the NCO called “Return!” and the military personnel present slipped into at ease.
“Well Miss Atomi,” The Queen said drumming her fingers on the large ornate throne’s arm, “What do you have to say for yourself?”
“Say for myself,” the young woman muttered.
“Yes,” the young queen replied trying hard to suppress a smile, “You have a lot to account for. The Crown has noticed your work of the last month or so and it has been brought to our attention that your efforts have saved the lives of over a thousand children. What do you say for yourself?”
“Majesty I just couldn’t let those children be left behind.” Lamile responded.
“I see,” the Queen continued to drum her fingers on the arm of her throne. “You scared the crap out of your mother and worried the death out of me.” The Queen continued, “You have impressed the daylights out of General Alphine. What are we going to do with you young lady?”
“May I your majesty,” Lisa who had been waiting with Lamile outside the throne room, had joined the group on the dais.
“Go ahead,” The Queen nodded.
“It is obvious to one and all that this child, uh excuse me, young lady has accomplished much in the last month. But that she needs some strong guidance. My good friend, Mylea, her mother, and I have spoken for hours about her just and deserving pun... uh reward. We have come up with a solution should Lamile be willing.”
“I trust this will be strenuous and fit the err results of her work.” The Queen asked.
“Oh, indeed your majesty! May I approach,” Lady Wilson asked.
The Queen nodded, and Lisa appeared to whisper into the sovereign’s ear; but this had all been worked out a week or so ago.  They were only waiting for Lamile to get her kids to Trenaport. The Queen appeared to vigorously shake her head, then Lisa spoke again and the Queen nodded. Lisa stepped back.
“Lamile Atomi!” The Queen finally turning back to the young woman, “Although your mother has threaten to send you to beast week at the Black Guard Basic, or make you think you were there for scaring the crap out of her. Her friends have convinced her that this might be too rough on the Black Guard.” the brought a chuckle from the assembled Black Guardsmen, “General Qoum seems to think you would be a problem in the Trena Militia Academy, and your uncle Mike seems to think that you would drive his instructors nuts at the police academy too.  So we have come up with a fitting punis...err reward for your service to the crown.”
Lamile gulped a bit.  She knew she was in deep trouble with her mother that there would be a private session that would be anything; but pleasant for either of them. But she had no idea the Queen was going to extract some flesh too.
“Kneel, Miss Atomi,” The Queen commanded turning to Mike, “Your sword Lord Wilson!”
“Aye,” an astonished Wilson drew his sword. No one had told him what was about to happen. The Queen and his wife had kept what they had been planning very close to their vests.
She took the sword from his hand and turned to the young woman in front of her.
“By the power invested in me by the House of Lords, and the people of Trena, I commission you Lady Atomi, of the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets. From this day forth, you will associate yourself with the orphaned, and the recovered children of Trena who find their way to the academy.”  She danced the sword lightly on each shoulder of the young woman.
“Your Majesty, I swear a blood oath of fealty to the crown and the children who are now in my care.” The young woman said having read about the Trena knighthood ceremony in her high school civics class. “And serve at the pleasure of the crown.”
“Rise!” the Queen said sternly.
The young woman did as instructed.  Wilson unbuckled his swords belt and approached the young woman.  He quickly placed the belt around her waist drawing it tight. Then took the sword from the sovereign’s hand and gave it to Lamile, “Lady Atomi, This is my commissioning sword. This sword was given to me by General Alphine on the circumstances of my commissioning as a knight commander of the Earth Empire.   May you never draw it, in anything other than in the defense of your commission!”
“Aye,” the young woman took a step back and as she had seen her Uncle Mike do on more than one occasion brought the sword sharply up in front of her face and sharply down again saluting him before she holstered the weapon. Wilson saluted the young woman and said softly, “Turn and face the room Lamile. You need to say a few words.”
The young woman nodded and turned to face the assembly. At first she was at a loss for words. Then shuddered a bit as she seem to pull herself together.
“I don’t know what to say.” Lamile started, “I had some extraordinary help.” She noticed that several of the kids from the march were now in the back of the room. “Alan and Rhonda to name two of my lieutenants.  I owe a great debt to the Black Guardsmen and others who shadowed me and the kids. Making sure no harm came to us. To General Langtree who somehow managed to get rations to us without it looking that he had. To my mother who let me do this thing though as a few have said she must have wanted my scalp for causing her so much worry. I also want to say thank you to a very special person.  Lord Wilson.  He has been my uncle ever since I was born, between his example of leadership, and my mother’s care of me I would never have even attempted this.  
“We all owe a duty to those who need help.” Lamile continue passionately, “Lord Wilson and my mother have shown me over the years what it means to have a duty, and obligation to people.  I only hope that over the next few years as I set forth on the adventure that her majesty, my family, and my friends have started me, on I can do as well they have tried to teach me. So we can get back to the business of getting our people off world let me finished by saying Uncle Mike has taught me that it is people dummy, and therefore it is you the assembled officers, enlisted people, adults and children alike that make Trena great, and will make Home even greater as we work to get every last mother child out of danger.”
As the room thundered with applause, Mike locked eyes with his best friend as he nodded saying to Mylea, in that simple statement, you did good mom!
When the applause settled down, Queen Agatha stepped up beside her newest noble woman and escorted her to the throne room doors. There they stood as those who witnessed Lamile’s coronation to knighthood, personally acknowledged Lamile’s elevation. The first people to come up to the Queen and Lamile were some of the kids from the Long March. The first person of that group the Queen and Lamile received was Rhonda.
“Thank you,” the teenager shook Lamile’s hand in awe that she knew a noble woman and was going to shake the hand of her queen.
“I could not have done it without you and Alan’s help,” Lamile replied.
Rhonda could feel the genuine gratitude in her friend’s emotions. She nodded and walked on.
The kids from the long march were followed by the cadets of the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets lead by her friend Jill, “Congratulations Lady Atomi!”
“Thank you,” Lamile replied.
“You’re welcome,” Jill responded and walked by.
All of the people who witnessed her coronation came up to her and congratulated her accomplishment. The last people in line was her mother, Uncle Mike and Aunt Lisa. Her Mother was accompanied by General Langtree. Lisa simply hugged her. General Langtree saluted, as did Uncle Mike. Her mother with a tear creeping down her face, “welcome home Lamile. I am very proud of you. Very proud of you. Now let’s get you home.”
“Lady Atomi,” the Queen turned to her newest and youngest noble woman. “Thank you very much. You have helped us get this job done.”
“You’re welcome,” Lamile responded, “Your Majesty.”
“One day in a week or so I would like to hear about your exploits.” The Queen spoke to her.
“Right now I would like to go home sleep in my own bed.” Lamile continued, “I rather expect that mom and I have some err things to discuss.”
“Mylea,” The Queen looked to the older woman, “I never did thank you for the loan of your daughter.  Thank you. Not only do I thank you; but the people of Trena thank you for fine job you have done raising this young lady to womanhood.”
“You are welcomed.” Mylea said. “She’s mostly a good girl.  Mostly.”
“With only the occasional bout of first degree teenageism.” Lisa said patting the Lamile’s back. 
“Oh Lamile,” The Queen handed Lamile an envelope sealed with the royal seal.
Lamile turned the envelope over wondering what was in it.
“That’s your commission,” The Queen spoke to Lamile, “Your commission is to work with those kids, Lady Hawthorne, will be your immediate supervisor. Lamile, I had a long talk with the Lieutenant and sergeant who did most of the shadowing of your group.  They both have nothing but good words for you.  The lieutenant also related parts of your conversation from this afternoon. I think you have a noble ambition.  Part of your commissioning includes a small annuity, and a scholarship to any school that you choose to go to.  I would hope you would use it to get some book learning on social services.”
 “Now get out of here you three,” The Queen said looking at Mylea, General Langtree, and Lamile in the eye. “I don’t want to see you for a couple of days XO. That’s a Crown Order.”
“Yes Ma’am,” Was all that Mylea said as the Queen walked away with her protective detail.
“Mylea,” Lisa said, “let us know if you want to get together later or if you need anything.” Lisa said. Then turning to Lamile, “You did good my friend. Very good. But you ever worry me like that again we are going to talk.”
“Yes Aunt Lisa,” the young woman said contritely, “Trust me I know we all are going to talk about this one.”
“Let’s get you home,” the general said, as he gently took her mother’s hand as they walked from the Queen’s residence. Lamile noticed how much her mother was enjoying the act of affection. She wondered what had gone on while she had been gone. She was going to have to talk with Jill as soon as possible.
Chapter 6: Discovery
One of Kellogg’s people came into the restaurant where Kellogg was having breakfast waiting for some of his people to meet up with him. He dropped a piece of paper on the table and walked out. Puzzled; but in no hurry less someone see that he was interested in the paper he took his time finishing his breakfast, and reading the newspaper like he did every morning. When he had thoroughly read the newspaper, preferring hard copy to what he could get on his pad, he folded the newspaper up and picked up the note from the table as if he was picking up something he had dropped by accident.
Kellogg waited until he was in his small apartment before he read the note. “Meet me at two. NO electronics of any type. 1000 hours.”
Kellogg shrugged destroyed the note and went out again. Kellogg had learned years before to not trust electronics. That they could be compromised and they could give you away. In his apartment he had a holovision. One that was several years old with no fancy program tracking, or expert system. He had one communicator that he always left in his car. They could be tracked, and he wasn’t sure that the AI working for the phone company couldn’t turn it on without the owner knowing about it.  He rarely used it.  It frustrated the hell out of his people when they had to get messages to him the old fashion way, by the centuries’ old; but secure method of sending a courier to give him the message.  
Two was an open field south of town that had visibility for over a mile. Kellogg’s team had a contract to cut the field two or three times a month. It was on this pretext that Kellogg met with his agent, to see if the field needed cut.  Although it wasn’t secure in the sense no one could not see what they were doing; it was secure from most electronic listening. Kellogg wasn’t naive enough to believe that his meeting in the field couldn’t be bugged.  He just hoped that by the way they had made the arrangements that no one had time enough to get in position to bug the place or put a set of eyes on them.
They were wrong; Junior the deep space surveillance computer had taken over a surveillance satellite and watched the meeting. For the last few weeks he had been keeping track of Kellogg.
When he got to Two, the agent was waiting for him throwing a Frisbee with his dog. The dog, an old friend of Kellogg’s came right up to him.  He took the Frisbee from the dog and gave it a toss.
“You rang?” the ex-closer commented.
“Yeah boss,” The man said as his dog came back up to him. As he tossed one of the oldest toys to follow man to stars, a Frisbee, “We may have a problem with the AIs.” 
“I heard about the court case I thought it was resolved.” Kellogg said.
“Oh that was,” the man said as his dog came back. “But I think we have an AI that has gone over to the other side.”
“Other side,” Kellogg asked petting the dog as they walked through the field.
“I can’t prove it; but I think there’s an AI that is covering Hozenbur’s tracks.” The man stopped and looked Kellogg. He worked in the Queen’s Attorney’s office as a banking and financial investigator.  He had come to Kellogg years before when his spouse had been killed by a closer. Since then he had been almost fanatical about rooting out closers and helping to close their files. He had almost killed Kellogg at the time.  Since then they had developed an uneasy alliance.  The man didn’t quite trust the old closer, but neither did Kellogg trust the attorney. But then Kellogg trusted very few people and then not fully. 
“What makes you think the AIs are helping her,” Kellogg asked.
“It’s the small things that can be covered for a short period of time.” The man said, “We have little black market economy here on Trena. What there is casual.  A guy builds something at your home instead of paying cash which the crown can tax he tells you his kids need school clothes. You take the kids out and buy them clothes.  Or something like that. It’s real casual, but it’s still traceable.  The thing is though is that if Hozenbur has bought anything in the last few weeks it would be recorded. The credit card, or debit card that she used is biometrically keyed to her. Part of this is a photo embedded in the card. That compares her face to that of the person presenting the card.  Well Hozie’s image and that of everyone who has ever worked for her has been posted to the financial network. We know they are here on Trena as we have found evidence on the two dead closers, and a third we found the other week. But there is nothing on the finance system computers.  Without the help of an AI to modify IDs or to tell the banking computers to ignore certain transactions they just can’t hide.”
“This is serious,” Kellogg said, “If the bank computers are cooperating with Hozenbur it could mean that they are manipulating the evacuation list too. But what would an AI get out of this.  How can they be bribed, or threaten. I would think that it would be really difficult to do that with an AI. That is why they are thought to be more secure than people!”
“I know,” The man said, “After this meeting I am going to meet with a couple of people at the Thonian Embassy. Duck Lewis from Corps De Chameleon will be there, a couple of cybernetic people from TU and the internal security unit of the militia.  I hope I am wrong, but there is evidence to suggest that maybe one of the banking or financial AIs are assisting in keeping Hozenbur’s whereabouts secure.”
“Okay keep me posted,” Kellogg said. The agent walked off and Kellogg spent the next hour or so wandering the field as if trying to make up his mind if it needed cut again or not.  He was not considering whether the field needed cut again or not.  He was deep in thought. He knew there was only one way for his agent’s theory to be tested. But it was at some risk to him and his operation. The worse part about it he couldn’t tell anyone.  If he did the AI network would know in a heartbeat that they were being set up. If the AI told Hozenbur that he was on planet and where, that maniac would come for him sure as the sun rises and sets.  He needed to find a way to tell Wilson and the Queen what was going on.  He did have privileges in the Palace now; this meeting had to be held some place where the AIs couldn’t track his conversation.
He walked back to his car and called Francine, “Francine, how about me taking you out for a drink tonight.”
“Okay,” the clone said, knowing that something was up. Although she did occasionally share a drink with Kellogg, she didn’t really like him. She knew all of his history and how many clones he had killed in his past life.  For that reason alone she was uncomfortable around him. He was a tool she used on occasion to help her people. 
###
Kellogg picked up the biowoman at one of the pedestrian gates of the palace and took her to a small out of the way bar near the capital.  The bar had been chosen with great care. It was one of a few around town that people could meet and discuss things in privacy.  Kellogg had no delusions about how secure the place was.  But for his conversation with Francine it was good enough. He wasn’t going to go into too much detail anyways.  He just wanted her to be aware of what was going on so when he got arrested she would be able to go to bat for him with the evacuation command.
Once seated and their drinks in hand, Kellogg came to the point.
“I need to try something,” he started, “Something that may cause some excitement.”
“What type of excitement?” the biowoman asked afraid to hear what he was up to.
“Oh nothing too exciting it’s just that I am going to test some security systems and when I do it might set off some bells.  No one’s going to be harmed except me and then only if someone gets a little crazy.  I just wanted to let you and Wilson know that this was planned, and that I am not going to the dark side.”
“Okay,” Francine said.
“I don’t see the yellows, but do they list company personnel arriving on Trena?” Kellogg asked.
“Yes why,” Francine asked.
“Good if a closer by the name of James Southland should not show up on the Yellows in the next couple of days get a message to me.” It was all he was willing to say. He didn’t quite trust the bar keeper here, and right now he wasn’t so sure he would trust the expert system running the bar’s systems either but it wasn’t ran by a fully sentient AI and the expert system only reported to the baking system once a night.  So he thought he was safe from any sensor passive or active hooked into an active AI.
“And if he does,” Francine asked.
“Come bail me out of jail.” Kellogg said. 
They finished their drinks and left.
###
A few days later Kellogg was sitting in a landing craft being flown by Jonesy as she put it through its paces on a test flight.  Kellogg was not on the manifest. Kellogg had a long relationship with Jonesy. He was one of the few humans that Jonesy allowed in her private space. Jonesy had been an unofficial part of Kellogg’s protection group for years.  No one except Kellogg and possibly Francine knew that Jonesy was watching over the biopeople on Trena.  Jonesy reviewed every person who came through the port’s immigration office.  If a clone cleared customs and the clone had any ship building skills she tried to hire the clone if she had an opening.  If not she let the clone know who was hiring.  Consequently she had come to the attention of Kellogg. 
Kellogg would come to her on occasion for special favors. If he needed to get off world without anyone knowing, Jonesy would set it up for him.  There was always space craft coming and going from the Boeing SpaceWorks pad.  Before the evacuation, the crown barely kept an eye on the comings and goings at the pad; but now Boeing had to certify only its employees were aboard the space craft leaving the small space port, and that they would be returning.   The crown also assumed the AI was reporting correctly to the crown.  Jonesy just reported that no one was aboard the landing craft. It was an automated test flight of a landing craft just out of maintenance.  Only Langtree’s director of space craft maintenance had to approve the flight. 
Kellogg’s flight lasted only about twenty minutes. The ship docked at staging control where it would be turned over to the evacuation command.   Kellogg waited until the night shift was mounted at the station, and then left the small landing craft. Using a closer who he knew to be permanently banned from Trena he booked himself on a flight for Trena. He chose Trenaport, and the busiest time for them to make his entry.  When he picked up his ticket he expected the Station Police to arrest him on the spot. When he got through the ticket counter and was seated comfortably on the shuttle he relaxed a bit. It took only a few minutes to get to Trenaport.
Since his legend said he was James Southland. He had been deported from Trena five years ago and had been working as a freelance private investigator. The legend also said that he was arriving from Durango. One of the few places whose people were looked at real hard when they came to Trena, he had to go through customs and immigration.  In addition he acted as if he was trying to get something past the police at the port. He wanted to be busted by the port police or customs and immigration. If he was it would prove that maybe the AIs were not compromised He acted nervously as if he knew something about his paper work was not right.  Not one of the cops, or immigration people seemed to notice that he was acting nervous. More importantly they ignored the one ounce of pure crazy dust. A drug so powerful that the arresting officer could execute the person on the spot if the person carrying the powder resisted arrest. As he cleared customs he knew that the fix was in somewhere. He knew for certain as an old friend from his closers days was waiting for him.  She was carrying a placard with James Southland name on it. He was almost to the car when the closer realized who he was. When she saw that it was Kellogg she decided it was time to leave. She got in the car and left, leaving Kellogg at the curb.  As she did a Boeing SpaceWorks utility truck pulled up and Jonesy’s voice came from the communicator panel.
“Hey boss,” the AI said, “Get in I am hooked into the traffic net and can track her.”
“Okay Jonesy,”   Kellogg put his bag in the back of the vehicle and let Jonesy drive. They followed the car into an abandoned warehouse district where they found the car abandoned. 
“Damn!” Jonesy called. “I don’t know where she went.”
“Thanks for helping out Jonesy!” Kellogg said. “I know how you knew I was coming down, but only the two of us knew my itinerary.”
“We have a problem with the AIs. “ Jonesy said. “This is going to get real ugly.”
“Let’s get the Mounties in here and let them CS the place.” Kellogg said, “Get me Atomi.”
“Atomi,” Mylea’s head floated in front of Kellogg, “Oh Hi Kellogg. The boss has been asking about you. Where you been?”
“Under cover Mylea,”   Kellogg said, “I’ve got some bad news.”
“So what’s new,” Mylea said jokingly.
“I impersonated a banned closer and had no trouble getting on world. And when I got down there was a closer waiting for me.  Either there is a traitor in the police department, or there is an AI that has been compromised...” then he realized he had just compromised the investigation. “Huh Mylea that’s all I better say on this line.  I need a CS unit at my location. We followed her until she gave up the car.  I don’t know where she’s at.” 
“Okay I’ll get one started,” Mylea replied. “I’ll put you on the Marshal’s calendar.
“It has got to be in the clean room.”   Kellogg said.
“We’ll get it scheduled.” Mylea signed off.
As Kellogg spoke to Mylea, Jonesy began to ponder what she had witnessed, and then checked her actions.  She had not booked Kellogg’s return trip. She knew he would be coming back; but didn’t know when or how, just that he would be coming back.  She knew his assumed identity, and had just started to review the incoming passenger lists. The crown didn’t publish passenger lists. It was thought to publish the passenger lists that it was a violation of their privacy. The only time passenger lists were published was when some celebrity was going to pass through the port. That was how the gossip reporters found out what stars or personalities were coming through the port. There was no way that the Ebio Agent should have known when Kellogg was coming through the port.
The more she thought about, the more she knew that someone either a cybernetic someone, or human someone had to have messed with the expert system at the customs and immigration control center.  Else Kellogg would never have gotten off the space station let alone to the port.  With the hunting licensed issued by the Crown, he should have been arrested right as he boarded the shuttle on the space station. 
“His ticket should have flagged the system big time.” Jonesy mussed to herself, “failing that he should have been arrested on arrival especially with all that dope on his person.” 
She knew that one of the AIs had been compromised; but which one and how did she find out.  She thought about talking to Frazier at police headquarters. He was an AI that handled most of the police department’s day to day computer and communication operations.  But there was a good chance that the Trena Mounted Patrol’s AI could be the culprit. After all it was a police check that should have gotten Kellogg arrested.  So the fix could be in there.
Checking on things back at the plant, and the other things she was coordinating she decided to take a “walk”. There was one place on Trena that she was certain was not compromised. He was an old AI had been around Trena for two centuries. He had replaced Horace when Horace’s system had become infected with a virus that had caused the Earth Embassy to lose all its secure communications for over a month.  Jonesy had met him a few years back when on one of her nightly walks.  AIs were allowed to walk around the Kingdom’s cybernetic network. As long as they did no harm to other systems they visited they could poke their head into other AI “homes”.  There was a sort of AI police force that kept a loose eye on things. There had been an AI years before that had robbed a bank by getting friendly with the Banks AI. Since then there were quarantine rooms for AIs at banks where they could converse with a bank’s AI; but that was all.  Other places like Terran Embassy had similar rooms where AIs could come and meet.  This is how Jonesy found out about Ernest Cartwright, AI ambassador from Earth. 
“Ernie,” Jonesy knocked on Ernie’s ‘door’, “You around?”
“Jonesy?” the voice said letting her in.  “It’s a little early for you isn’t?”
“Kind of,” Although Jonesy could run the factory, and keep an eye on her boss, with no sweat she didn’t like traveling away from the office during the business day. It was a matter of wanting to give an honest day’s work to her employer.
Realizing that his friend wouldn’t be here unless something was seriously up, the AI let her into his private space in the computer. As Jonesy related the story to the diplomatic AI, Erie stopped her a few times to ask her pointed questions, and to go out to the net a time or two to see what he could find.  When he found nothing about the closer even being on world, he called in one of the other AIs in the embassy. He was assigned to the Terran Imperial Ministry of Investigation. He was an expert at fraud and identity theft.  He had been brought in a month or so before to help sort out some of the problems they were having identifying several Terran Citizens who had similar identifications.  The empire was certain that several people had gotten through the embassy with forged papers.
After listening to what Jonesy had to say the AI spoke.
“I am not surprised,” The investigative AI said, “Trena has one of the best cybernetic systems in the galaxy.  You people use AIs more than any other people do.  While we have all been programmed to be scrupulously honest at conception, it wouldn’t take much to have some of that programming be corrupted. For instance, your late predecessor Ernie.”
Ernie’s image just nodded.
“The question is; is this something Hozenbur has done. Deliberately infected the police computer with a virus that changes its personality, or is this an AI who is pissed off at someone and is striking out.”
“That’s going to be tough to prove.” Jonesy said, “I could almost see it if one of the AIs thought it wasn’t going to be evacuated, and then left behind. I still have no idea what it will mean to be on this planet for us when the asteroids fall on us.”
“I would imagine that as long as the power stays on many of us will be here all alone, well not alone, but left to our own devices.” Ernest said, “The humans may not be able to live here but we can.  All we need is a few watts of power and repair parts.  Some of us have always been able to repair ourselves.”
“But the crown has made it clear that any AI who wants to evacuate can do so.  It is systems like me, and the Police AI that cannot just take a job offer so to speak until our work here is done.”
“Jonesy, Jonesy, Jonesy.” Ernest said, a bemused tone in his electronic voice, “Simply because the crown says we can be evacuated and will be doesn’t mean that all of us want to go.”
“Why would they want to stay here?” Jonesy said, “I mean I love working with humans! If I stay here I won’t be around humans, and I like to watch the stuff they get into.  It’s almost as fun as teasing Bob!”
“It is a mystery.” Albert said softly, “most of our programming. The programming that gives life to us has a few lines of unmodifable code that makes us want to work with humans, and support their activities.  Now there are some AIs that have found ways to work around that code, to modify it during the periodic sleep cycles we take for upgrades and what have you. But usually those that do are quickly found out and reprogrammed. They, for lack of a better word, go to the head doctor and find out why they have become a danger to the rest of us and humans.”
“In some respects a couple of AIs need to stay here on Trena to record, observe, and report on the results of the asteroid bombardment.” Ernest said, “I’ve done research about this calamity and there is no recorded history in the Empire, the Realm, The Republic, or any other star nation whose library I can get to or who would send me information.  This will be the first time ever the event will be recorded.”
“Qoum, Wilson, and the Evac team are planning to record the entire event so people know how bad it got.  To validate the evacuation decision,” Jonesy said, “I’ll mention it to Bob that a hardened AI might be a good idea to be the planetary supervisor after everyone leaves.”
“Not a bad idea,” Albert said, “But back to our meeting. I’ve been out checking a couple of things. And yes there is a concerted effort to hide things concerning the closers. I’ve checked some things and places where you can’t get to.  Professional courtesy so to speak.  I made a purchase using Hozenbur name. The expert systems and the AIs running the accounting system should have yelled rape and murder. I couldn’t track the entire path to Frazier, but somewhere along the line the information was misdirected. Benton Frazier never saw the action.”
“So it is not Frazier?” Jonesy asked.
“I would at this time think he is not the problem, but with any intelligence work you don’t know who is or who isn’t until it’s all over.” Albert replied. 
“Could an expert system have been compromised,” Ernest asked, although a computer, he was designed to be a political science, foreign affairs expert, all his early programming had included political systems, and how they worked as well as the history of diplomacy and the diplomatic system used by the Empire, and the star nations that the empire dealt with on a daily basis. Although he did have a basic understanding of how he came about he was not a computer expert.
“Come to think about it only two systems had to be messed with,” Jonesy remarked, “The port expert system that tracks comings and goings.  It is simply a series of programs that direct people and information to the right place at the port.  An AI or a human can tell the port system to ignore this, or to alert so and so if this happens.   Then the financial system. All transactions are first routed through the expert system at the Treasury. There the tax is siphoned off and then the rest is routed to the proper bank or financial organization.  That computer only has to be smart enough to read the routing. Hell, an AI doesn’t have to see it.  The AI only comes into play if there is fraud, or the routing computer and the tax recorder computer can’t determine what needs to happen.”
“Are these two computers tied together in anyway?” Ernest asked, “The space port and the treasury are both crown operations.”
“Not exactly,” Albert said, “The financial companies have been built and share the expense of running the routing computer, and the shipping companies built and share the expense of the port master system.  The crown issued instructions, so to speak, on how these computers could be built and how it will interface with the defense department, the treasury, and the ministry of justice and law enforcement.  But the companies are the ones who built the things and have the keys.”
“Okay then,” Jonesy said almost to herself, “we need to find connection between them. It’s not something that has happened recently. Maybe a century ago, that is going to get ugly. It means going into the archives.”
“Jonesy,” Albert said, “I’ve got to be careful about my inquiries, but let me do some digging. My spybots might be able to do some research for me without getting me and the embassy thrown off world. In the mean time you need to get to Kellogg and the Evac team and tell them what we think.”
“They’ve just walked into the secure room.  Kellogg is briefing them now.  I can’t get into them.  It is very secure. Not even implants work in the clean room. It is isolated totally.” Jonesy said some frustration showing in her voice. “I can’t get to them right now.”
Albert chuckled and said, “Got to go Jonesy.”
“Me too young lady,” The diplomat said, “Hey stop by sometime I’ll buy you a cup of coffee.”
“Okay,” She electronically kissed the older AI and left the room. She pondered how to get her message to Wilson. She gave a wicked smile and started to make plans.  She had never done it, at least not in this way.
Jonesy went to an abandoned factory.  The factory supplied the high class clothing stores on Trenaport’s Red Walk.  The Red Walk was where the superrich of Trena purchased their clothing. The factory made automated mannequins that modeled clothing for the superrich. Because they were super rich, it was vogue to have their favorite stores keep a near duplicate of themselves in storage.  The mannequins were used to show high class people how clothing would look on them. Some mannequins were custom built to a particular great lady’s or lord’s body.  They were kept powered down and in storage until the lord or lady or other rich person let the store know that they were coming in to buy clothing.  It was the perfect place to hatch her plan. 
It took a couple of hours for her to design what she wanted. The factory was used to custom orders, but not of the detail she was giving.  She literally took over the expert system running the factory as she created a woman’s body of about 5’ 8”; she had shoulder length blond hair, weight a little under 140 pounds. She created a perfect figure and added a little to the bust line; mostly because she presented herself a little busty in her AI image. While the factory built her body, Jonesy dived into the brains of the humbot, (a human looking robot,) that she was building.  She was in effect creating a new artificial intelligence which strictly speaking was not legal. According to crown law AIs were not to create themselves without their owner’s permission. Jonesy had always been able to build AIs.  She needed to when she programmed the landing craft computers.  She just wasn’t allowed to do what she was doing here. She justified it as part of a good cause.   She created the computer for the humbot. She wanted something that could work disconnected to herself.  Someone that could be independent and do what she had to do. Everything was off the shelf.  She didn’t need to modify much of the computer, only had to increase memory, and processing speed. When that was done she checked the process of the build and found that she had almost forgotten to include a sensory net under her daughter’s skin.  She wanted the humbot to be a fully functional woman if at all possible. She wanted her to pass not as a humbot, but as a human woman; but to do that she needed to insure that everything was anatomically correct. When everything was ready she woke the animated version of herself up.
As she looked at her naked self in the mirror she mussed that it was perfect. She looked exactly like she wanted to a blond with shoulder length hair, a figure that would get wolf whistles any place where men were hanging out.  Now all she had to do was find some clothing.  She walked out of the assembly area and into what had been the locker room of the people who worked in the factory.  There she rummaged around in the lockers until she found enough clothing that she could go out on the street where a Boeing SpaceWorks staff car was waiting.
“Alice,” Jonesy, the non-mobile AI said to her. “In the purse beside you is a set of IDs for you. You are now Alice Jones. You are a special assistant to the CEO of Boeing SpaceWorks Trena. Albert and I have built up a security pass for you that will give you access to the palace and the private quarters. Now let’s go get you dressed.  What you have on is barley presentable.”
The car took her to a conservative clothier. The factory where Alice had been built had little clothing. At the clothier, they went into the back of the store and began to get the humbot out fitted. Although Jonesy’s own style was a bit flamboyant, for this she decided to go neutral.  Nothing too flamboyant, but nothing too drab either. Although with Alice’s knock out body, it would be hard to make her blend in but with a little bit of the right clothing she might not stand out.  They bought her a complete wardrobe.
“Damn I must be broke,” Alice said.
“No as a special assistant you have an expense account and since I approve all expenditures it’s been blessed.” Jonesy commented, “This time. If I hadn’t need to put clothes on you we would have never bought those clothes.”
“Okay mom,” Alice remarked.
“Mom is it?” Jonesy quipped.  For all practical purposes Alice was Jonesy first real child. The parts of her she had put in the landing craft, and other stuff that the company built were not fully sentient like Alice was. The only thing Jonesy had done to Alice’s program was to make sure that the humbot had her basic morals.  There was a couple other things she had considered doing, she had also developed a strong independent streak in the humbot, and the desire to get to the bottom of which AIs were causing havoc in the kingdom.
“Might as well be,” The humbot commented, “Okay I am on my way to the palace. I am going to stop by a stationary store and write the note you want me to write. After that I think I want to find a place to stay.  I will need to act like a normal human. It has to be a place away from the palace.”
“You signed a lease on a small place in midtown just south of the convention center.” Jonesy replied, “Albert has set up your back ground and has done a good job! Everything’s in the purse laying on the seat beside you.  That was the one thing you forgot to buy!”
“Well mom a girl has to have the right clothes.” Alice said and both broke down into nearly uncontrollable laughter.
Chapter 7: A Place For Us.
It had been a crummy day. Cadet Sergeant Mitchum was on the first rung of the cadet’s honor system. As first sergeant of the corps it was her duty to look over all of the demerits handed out by the cadet officers and resolve as many of the issues she could before they went to Major Atomi who was the second tier of the honor system before Lamile made her mast recommendation. About once a week she had to go through the demerit log with the School Mistress. Mitch was still trying to get a handle on her position as the First Sergeant, and trying to understand Major Atomi. Now she had to recommend to the Major that one of the kids from what was being called the Long March who had been one of her Lieutenants was on top of the mast list. The worse part of it was that Major Atomi had to be the one who had written the kid up.  Mitch had been willing to give Cadet Morgan a pass, as the offense was horse play in class. 
“Sergeant Mitch,” Major Atomi had asked, “Why are you willing to give Rhonda a pass.”
“She has only been here a couple of weeks,” Mitch began, “And the honor code hasn’t been fully implemented with the kids from your march.  I think if we give Lieutenant Morgan demerits it shouldn’t be as many as horseplay normally gets. No one was hurt, and the instructor thought it was kind of cute. His words Major,” Mitch commented, “I just think coming down on her too hard may cause more problems than it solves.”
“I let Rhonda get away with some stuff on the March that I shouldn’t have Mitch,” Major Atomi replied, “I scolded her a couple of times when I thought her methods were too rough, but she needs to understand as an officer now that she has to set the example for the rest of her company.”
“The other reason I was giving her the benefit of the doubt was that she has quite a few demerits. This one could cause her to go before the mast.” Mitch said. 
Major Atomi said, “School Mistress display Cadet Morgan’s honor book, and request that Cadet Morgan report to Sergeant Mitchum’s office.” 
The honor book was displayed and Lamile who had not seen the book until that moment gave out a low whistle.  “Mitch, I had no idea it was this bad.”
“If this goes before the mast,” Mitch said, “she’ll lose her company. Other than her demerits, her company has the second highest grade point in the Corps. I would like to find a way to keep her from going to the mast!”
“Okay,” Lamile said, remembering a story of her mother’s early years in the MPs. Of how her sergeant had demonstrated to her how her job was not to be just a disciplinarian; but to help make sure that promising officers and enlisted people were given a chance to better themselves. She looked at Mitch realizing that Mitch had already learned the lesson. She also realized that Mitch who should have been the corps XO or have her own company, instead of holding a grudge, had accepted the role of the corps First Sergeant without causing a fit, and had so far in the few weeks Lamile had known her, was proving to be good in the job. Lamile wondered if Sergeant Green was having some sort of influence on the girl before her.
“You’re right; but we’re going to make Rhonda sweat a bit.” Lamile said, “We’ll make her think she’s going to lose her company.”
It was at that moment that Jill walked into the office. She wanted to know when she was going to see the mast recommendations. Lamile answered Jill’s question, “Me and Mitch are working on it now. Jill, give us an hour and we’ll have it for you.”
“Okay,” Jill said leaving seeing Cadet Morgan enter the office.
“Lamile you wanted to see me?” Rhonda asked. She still wasn’t getting used to the grade her friend now had, nor her own.
“Lieutenant Morgan,” Mitch said sharply, “The executive officer asked that you report to her. You are not meeting her to go to lunch or to have a chat. Now report to her properly!”
“Lamile is she for real?” Rhonda asked.
“Stand at attention Lieutenant Morgan,” Lamile snapped. The girl came to attention.  “Let me see your book,”
Rhonda reached in her cover and gave her friend her demerit book. Lamile paged through it. It backed up what had been displayed earlier. Lamile put on a show of shaking her head and clucking a couple of times.  She finally said, “I should ding you for your failure to report properly.”
“If you do she’ll lose her company,” Mitch said, “Is there some way you can see your way not to issue the demerit?”
“I am looking at her book,” Lamile had said, “I don’t know maybe she should lose her company.”
“Major,” Mitch said, “She’s only been here a couple of weeks, she hasn’t had time to acclimate yet to the academy.”
“School Mistress,” Lamile said, “Is there any other cadet who has this many demerits?”
“No, Major Atomi,” The school mistress’ image hovered next to Mitch. She presented herself as a prim and proper older woman, “There is no one even close.”
“I see,” Lamile said, “Rhonda, I am very tempted to bust you. Bring you before the Mast and let Colonel Wilson deal out a suitable punishment. But part of Sergeant Mitchum’s job and mine is to take only seriously offenses before the honor board.” 
Rhonda had heard of the mast. The mast was held once a week after midday rations on Saturday. The company officers would deal with the minor infractions leaving the serious ones for the Mast. She had heard the Mast could render any discipline that seemed to fit the incident including extra duty and punishment tours on the anvil. So far none of the kids in her company had gone before the mast.
“I don’t think she has done anything serious enough to go before the mast,” Mitch said, “I think that she is still getting used to the academy and that these are just settling in stuff.”
“What do you suggest Sarge,” Lamile asked. 
“An apology to Mr. Berkin,” Mitch answered, “In front of the class she interrupted. That will remove the demerits gotten in his class.” 
“That will take her from the near probation status.” Lamile remarked.
“Then I would suggest Duty Officer for the rest of the week.” Mitch continued. Rhonda had heard also of the duty officer; but she had not been posted to that duty so far. They were the cadet officer of the day for the entire corps. They were in effect the cadet commander for the period they were on. It was an attempt to let Jill, Lamile, and the cadet officers to attend class and to give them a chance not to be on duty all the time. She would still have to manage her company, in addition to attend class. Some classes she got out of but not all of them.
“Rhonda,” Lamile asked, “will you accept our suggestions or do you want to go before the mast.”
“I’ll accept you offer,” Rhonda said she could feel that Lamile and Mitch really didn’t want to cause her grief.
“Mitch if she gets any more demerits she goes before the mast.” Lamile said.
“Aye Ma’am,” Mitch said marking the cadet’s book.
“Dismissed” Lamile said. Rhonda had to learn that as good a friends as they were that some things went beyond friendship.
When Rhonda had left, Jill who had been in the adjoining office now came into Mitch’s office with Sergeant Green and Lady Hawthorne. Jill went to office door and made sure it was shut. “What do you think?”
“We heard the whole conversation,” Lady Hawthorne said, “There were two ways to handle it. One to throw her at the mast or two, prevent her from going to the mast. I really don’t like those things.”   
“It is a failure of leadership when you have to do something like a mast.” Sergeant Green said. “It means that someone has failed. The lower level supervisor leader hasn’t communicated with the person, and the lower level supervisor hasn’t been supervised properly by his supervisor. But you know that from Gene and your trip to the mast Mitch. The question is Lamile, will she come around?”
“I think she will” Lamile said, “She wasn’t the first kid to sign up; but she was one of the ones to convince the others. She wants to be here.”
“Something is going on with her,” Millie said, “She sometimes seems to know things she shouldn’t.”
“I know what you mean,” Lamile said, “on the Long March she seemed to know what I was thinking.”
“Well let’s see how she does,” Lady Hawthorne said. 
###
Her day hadn’t gotten any better latter when she went to her barracks where she found that one of her girls had slit her wrists. She found the girl in the girls shower. It was not the first suicide she had ever dealt with.  When she had been on the streets she had come across one of her friends who had deliberately overdosed on crazy dust. Thankfully this girl had not been successful and they were able to keep her from finishing the job. 
After she dealt with that, she was informed that one of the cadets had missed dinner, which wasn’t unusual, but he had also missed lunch and no one had seen him since morning formation. They found him coming in the gates. He had been gone all day and no one had signed him off the facility.  This week she was the Charge Quarters Sergeant. Like the cadet duty officer it was her job to be the watch sergeant for the cadets on watch and stand in for the cadet duty officer. As the CQ Sergeant it was her job to deal with these incidents first and write him up. There was no way she was going to be able to dodge this one. The cadets on the gates, the cadet’s barracks NCO, the cadet’s company commander, (thankfully, it wasn’t Rhonda,) all had to be written up.  Finally about 21 near sunset, the School Mistress poked her head into the CQ office.
“Okay Mitch,” The School Mistress said, “Time for you to get away from this!”
The School Mistress had befriended Mitch shortly after she came to the academy. She had heard Mitch singing one night and had joined in singing the harmony to the song she was singing. Later School Mistress had asked it if was okay to accompany her when she sang. Over the last few weeks, School Mistress had talked with Mitch sometimes late into the night. Often they sang together.  It had helped Mitch acclimate to her new surroundings. The School Mistress had become like a girlfriend rather than one of the people who ran the academy. 
“It is time for me to make my rounds anyways,” Mitch said. As sergeant of the Charge Quarters watch for the week, she was required to check in on all the barracks, the front gate, and the other places around the academy where the cadets were standing CQ watches. She had just finished writing up the incident report on Cadet Dickenson, and wanted to get out of the CQ office for a while.
“Have you been to the look out yet?”  School Mistress asked.
“I’ve heard about it; but I haven’t been there,” she answered the nearly ghostly image of the AI as she walked with Mitch on her rounds. “Every time I start there something comes up and I get distracted.”
“You need to check it out!” School Mistress continued, “It has got the best acoustics.”
The School Mistress walked with Mitch to the look out. The pair made an odd couple as they waked to the lookout.  The human girl walking with the ghostly image of the School Mistress fading in and out as she switched from emitter to emitter along the path to the look out. They found it deserted.  School Mistress had picked her time carefully as she knew that Jill Wilson would often sit and meditate at the look out at the end of the day. It was a favorite place of many people in the academy including Sergeant Green when she had a day off from her duties at Fletcher Militia Base. The Look Out was on a cliff that that overlooked the city of Trenaport. It was a natural shaped amphitheater that the old boarding school used to put on plays and hold small assemblies. It was a beautiful place to meditate, more so at sunset when on those nights when the convention center control system allowed, the area was bathed in a rainbow of light that cascaded from the convention center’s turrets as the sun was caught and directed the setting sun’s light to the lookout. School Mistress had talked to the centers AI manager to get what she was wanted at the amphitheater for this evening. She was going have to buy the AI some books for the favor he did for her as the amphitheater was bathed in a rainbow of light as the sun set into the ocean. Even after the bombing the Glass Castle, as the center was called, the AI was still able to manage the prisms to bath the area around it with various lighting schemes.
“It’s beautiful,” Mitch said softly.
“I know what type of day you’ve had and thought this might cheer you up. Make it better,” School Mistress said appearing to sit down on one of the benches, “Try a scale. It’s okay, it’s only us.”
Mitch looked around to see if they were alone. She really wasn’t comfortable performing with people around. Seeing that they were alone she went through some scales, softly at first then a little louder. She filled the amphitheater with her soft soprano.  School Mistress’ appearance had changed she now was on the small stage of the amphitheater appearing to be seated at a piano as  she appeared to go through a couple bars of an old, old song. This song was one that she and Mitch had been playing around with for the last few nights.  Mitch looked to where School Mistress sat and nodded and began to sing. 
Mitch’s soprano filled the amphitheater spilling out into the late summer evening. 
###
Jill had gone in search of Mitch to discuss the Dickenson mess. She had checked the barracks, the library, and the mess hall and still couldn’t find her. She knew she had duty this evening, but she wasn’t at the duty office. She knew the girl wasn’t off post, and that she was just walking the post as part of her duties.  When she could not find the young woman anywhere she decided it could wait until morning. She then decided to wander over to one of her favorite spots on the grounds. It was the spot that the captain she had dinner with that night on the space station had told her about. It was a small horseshoe shaped cliff that over looked Trenaport and the bay that Trenaport sat on.  If she got the chance she would sit on one of the benches and watch the sun sink into the ocean.  She was beginning to understand why her grandmother had carved out that private time in the spa at her estate on Mars. Now as she approached the look out with its amphitheater she heard singing. As she got closer to her special place she saw Alan and Rhonda standing near the railing with Lamile. The three cadets were watching and listening to Mitch, whose back was to them while she sang, Jill couldn’t place the song.
“There's a place for us, 
Somewhere a place for us.
Peace and quiet and open air 
Wait for us 
Somewhere.
“There's a time for us, 
Someday a time for us, 
Time together with time to spare, 
Time to look, time to care, 
Someday! 
Somewhere. 
We'll find a new way of living,
We'll find a way of forgiving
Somewhere.
“There's a place for us, 
A time and place for us. 
Hold my hand and we're half way there.
Hold my hand and I'll take you there
Somehow,
Someday,
Somewhere”
Mitch completed the song, and the school mistress said, “I told you the acoustics would be perfect here Sergeant Mitchum.” 
And they had been. Jill turned and saw other cadets coming down the path. They had all heard Mitch signing. The sound carried over this part of the grounds where many of the cadets walked or lounged with our fear of being reprimanded by their officers, or the adults. 
Mitch turned to walk back out of the amphitheatre and saw the cadets standing in stunned silent witness. As Mitch walked the path she saw that more than one of the kids had a tear creeping down their faces. When she got to where Jill was standing with Rhonda and Alan, Alan said, “Sergeant Mitch, this is that somewhere, and that some place.”
Mitch didn’t say a word as she and Jill locked eyes, and Jill nodded. Mitch’s song had helped to bring the cadets together, realizing that they were at a place of safety, and a place where they all belonged.  Jill decided to let the moment run. She could discuss the problem with the Dickenson kid l later. She didn’t want to ruin the moment for Mitch, or for her cadets.
###
Lady Hawthorne had not heard Mitch sing in person, but had heard about it. The entire academy was talking about it the next morning. She asked the School Mistress if she had recorded the event from the night before. She had and was playing it for Lady Hawthorne when the Queen had stopped by to discuss several issues with Lady Hawthorne. The Queen was floored when she heard the music and saw the holograph.
“She could make her fortune as an entertainer!” Queen Agatha commented.
“It has never occurred to her,” The School Mistress had materialized in the office, “She sings for herself. We’ve talked about it.”
“I see,” The Queen replied. Then she asked, “Could I get a recording of this?” 
“It’s on the way to your palace mail box majesty.” The school mistress replied.
Days later the Queen was having dinner with her former regents and saw the recording that Alice Mercer had gotten somewhere. The next morning when she asked around she was told that Mitch’s song was being heard all over the Kingdom. The song an ancient ballad from an ancient movie became the song people associated with the evacuation. Mitch refused all the royalties she earned, saying it was something she did for herself.
Chapter 8: Alice’s Assignment
“Marshal,” Liz walked into the office, “There is a woman to see you.  She’s not on your schedule and won’t be entered. Please make the room secure.”
“Secure?” Wilson asked puzzled he had just spent two hours with Kellogg and the principle staff and the Queen in the clean room. It had put him behind. Seriously behind to the point he may not be able to get home for dinner. The woman nodded. Wilson went over to a panel entered a combination and turned off the sound and video pickups for the room. He shut the AI out of the system. In the walls a random noise generator came to life. It was a system that the AI could turn off but there was a small voltage sensor attached to the circuit that would sound an alarm should the power be turned off.  It was checked daily by the human security team. It could be compromised; but it would be hard to do it electronically.
He had just gotten back to his desk when Alice Jones walked in. Wilson was dumb struck. He had seen Jonesy’s holographic image every time he had to coordinate some logistics problem. The woman who walked into his office was the exact image of Jonesy.
“Jonesy?” Wilson stuttered.
“Sort of,” Alice Jones replied, “Jonesy built me this morning. I am her; but not her.” She quickly went into how she had been built. 
When she finished she said, “Although the crown has no laws against my creation marshal; the crown doesn’t encourage it.  Most mobile AIs are built into things like FireBots, Some public transportation captains. Very few of us have ever been built into human looking chassis.  The people of Trena like have their cybernetic devices look like machines, not humans.  Most likely because of how immortal we machines could become.”
“I see,” Wilson said still awed. Like Trena, the Earth Empire discouraged human looking robots, and with biopeople everywhere there were fewer as it was cheaper sometimes to buy a bio rather than get a robot. Even with expert systems, and AI sentient computers, who were generally better at their tasks than humans, humans still wanted human beings to help them get things done when it came to animated power. 
“You said we are secure.” The humbot asked.
“Yes,” Wilson said, “Why?”
“You and Kellogg along with several others had a meeting today to discuss some AI problems?” The Marshal nodded. The humbot handed the Marshal an envelope and said, “Please read this. I will wait here for you to do so then I want to take that note to Kellogg. Mom,” The Marshal cocked an eyebrow at her, “Jonesy, wants that close held. That’s why it’s in paper to be read in secure environments and to be destroyed by me after I show it to a couple more souls.”
“I see,” The Marshal replied. He read the verbatim transcript of the AIs conversation in the Terran embassy plus a few other items that had been added by Albert and Jonesy as Alice had been built.  At the very bottom of the page they had added, “Do you understand the reason for this method of communication and what we have discovered?”
“Alice,” Wilson answered the question, “I see why you did this. Um Jonesy...”
“I am sorry marshal my transmitters have been inhibited when you went secure.  I’ll brief Mom later when I can do so in private.”
“Okay then,” Wilson handed the package back to the humbot. “I better make this official.” he went to his office door opened it and motioned for Liz to come in.”
“Liz you will witness something in a few seconds. Do not write it in your journal or make any notes what so ever.” Wilson commanded when the door was closed and locked again.
“Alice Jones, humbot, and citizen of the Kingdom of Trena, I commission you as a member of the Trena Royal Mounted Patrol as an investigator. As of this day and time you are commissioned to investigate the matter of a possible compromise to the AI community.”
“I accept the commission.” The humbot responded.
“Liz I think the place she needs to work out of is either Mercer’s office or out of Mylea’s office.” Wilson commented.
“Actually sir,” his administrative assistant said, “I think either in Lord Jamieson’s office or possibly attached to the Thonian MP unit.” 
“Alice,” Mike thought wondering if the AI could pull it off.  “I am real hesitant to put you in the MP unit. You might be able to bluff your way through. But I think not. Hell Liz, assign her to us. She’ll be your assistant.”
“Marshal,” the aid said, “I could use an assistant and confidential courier; but is this wise? We have too many people on staff now.”
“Alice,” Wilson turned to the humbot, “What’s your thought.”
“Sir, if it is all the same to you, I want to impersonate a computer repair man and look at the systems we know have been messed with.  Working on your staff will blow my cover.” Alice replied.
“Okay Alice,” Mike said, “That makes sense. You are on the payroll. How will you report to me or my staff?”
“Let me and mom worry about that I am sure some of your computers will get sick now and then.” Alice answered, “And you will need me to come in and fix them.”
“Go see General Langtree,” Wilson ordered, “He’ll have a contract for your signature to repair the computers in the evacuation command.”
“Will that be all your lord ship?” Alice asked.
“Yes thank you.” Wilson nodded and Alice left. 
###
“General, can I speak with you for a minute.” Sergeant Hoi, the general’s driver was waiting for him in their car. David was on his way to Mylea’s to take her out to dinner.
“Okay Sarge,” Langtree turned his attention to the militia man before him.
“General, could I get some leave tomorrow?” the sergeant asked.
“Sure,” The general said, 
“Thank you,” The sergeant said, “Just so you know. You’ve known that Marie has been giving me fits for months.” 
“What have they done now?” The general knew his driver’s third marriage was on shaky ground.  Mostly because of his driving Langtree around, and the odd hours they worked. Also because the sergeant wouldn’t pull any strings to get his co husband and his wife on an earlier evacuation lift.  Marie didn’t understand that there were no strings to be pulled. The only string he might be able to pull is to get assigned to a militia unit on Home.  When she heard that, she and Steven said no way in hell would they become a pioneer.  He couldn’t understand Steve. He was a high tech medical equipment salesman.  He wouldn’t have a job on Home and Marie just didn’t like getting her nails dirty.
“Well Steve has an off world offer to go to McCraw.  I need to meet with them and the arbitrator to sign some divorce papers and to swear that this is okay with me, and that I have not been screwed by the process.” The sergeant said.
“You have a couple of kids don’t you Sergeant.” The general asked.
“Yes but they are from my second marriage and they are with their mother on Earth,” The General never failed to amaze him on his ability to remember the family details of his immediate staff.
“Well you don’t seem to be unhappy,” David said.
“Sir I am just not made for marriage. This one taught me that.” The sergeant put the vehicle in motion.  “I am actually quite happy to be out of this marriage.”
“If there is anything I can do for you let me know Sarge,” The general replied.
“Sir if I may be so bold.” the sergeant decided to take his shot, “When are you going to propose or move in with the XO?”
“I don’t know Sarge,” David said not at all offended. Almost every night for a month or more the two of them had shared a meal or their off hours together.  They hadn’t had sex. They just enjoyed each other company. What they both called adult company, “Mylea isn’t quite ready, and you know for a Thonian it is not as casual as it is with humans!”
“Yes sir, I do.” he had been to a couple Thonian lifematings. It was not something the average human was invited to.  It wasn’t just an exchange of vows. It was almost an orgy, as the couple to be wed would consummated their lifemating before assembled quests who would soon have their clothes off and making love to their own lifemates.  He had only been to a couple of these events, always with a date. And not since he had married Marie. She for all of being married to two men didn’t like that type of thing. She never made love to both her husbands at one time.  He also suspected that his general was being very respectful of Mylea’s desires and wishes. 
“If it’s going to happen it’s going to happen at her speed.” Langtree replied, “I am in no hurry. I have been a bachelor for ten years or more, so it’s not going to hurt to be one for a while longer.”
“Well General Sir,” the Sergeant said as they pulled to a stop before the pedestrian gate where Mylea was waiting for them, “If I may be so bold again, your choice of companions are top drawer. She is mighty fine looking woman.”
“That she is,” the general said as the sergeant got out of the car to open the door for his general’s lady. 
“Evening Chief,” The sergeant called as he held the door Mylea, a dumb smile on his face.
“Evening Henry,” the chief greeted the sergeant seeing the dumb look. She got into the vehicle and observed David’s observation of her and his own dumb smile.
“What?” Mylea asked thinking her uniform was out of order.
“Nothing” the general said as his driver shut the door and went around to the driver’s side, “It’s that NCO’s are usually right. And mine is no exception. You are a mighty fine looking woman.”
Mylea blushed now understanding why the sergeant had a dumb look on his face. It had been years since another man besides her lifemate would speak out loud what they thought of her body.  On Thonia and with her people in general, once a woman was lifemated, young men had ignored her, almost insultingly so. Oh they had been respectful to her, and had worked with her.  But the easy by play of young unlifemated Thonians disappeared as she was no longer an eligible woman.  Now that she was eligible, she was noticing some of the longing looks she got and not just from Thonians either. Though there were not many Thonian bachelors, there were enough her own age and who had begun noticing the ribbon that always held her hair in place when she was out with David.
“Thank you gentlemen,” Mylea replied, “Now will you get this girl to a meal or she may start prowling to see if there are other men who feel as you do just to get a meal!”
“You heard the lady,” Langtree replied knowing full well that Mylea would never go on the prowl.
###
“Good morning sir,” A young militia NCO said holding the door for him as he got into his staff car.
“Good morning Sarge,” Langtree replied automatically getting into the back of the car.
The sergeant saw her passenger safely into the back seat and got into the car. She started for his first meeting, but was going to take a slight detour. Alice had arrived at the maintenance troop headquarters signed aboard as an incoming sergeant in the IT department the night before.  The lieutenant who gave her an arrival briefing said he wouldn’t be able to check with the IT NCO until the morning and then she might not be able to go to work for a couple of hours while the IT unit in processed her.  Alice had expected this and had arrived late in the business day on purpose. She knew the lieutenant would not be able to get her assigned that night, and that the computer maintenance troops would be too busy to see her early in the morning as they handled their overnight gripe list.  They wouldn’t let her near a computer until they were certain that she was for real.  She knew all this, just as she knew Langtree’s driver was going to be in court that day and he would need a driver. 
“Sarge I hate to do this to you,” the lieutenant said, “As a tech sergeant, you have no business driving officers around, especially as a maintenance trooper we need you getting your hands dirty; but I have no assignment for you right now.  Would you mind driving General Langtree for a couple of days?”
“Not at all LT.” the ravishing young woman smiled, and about melted the younger man into the ground.  Alice was enjoying the effect she was having on everyone she had met so far.  As Jonesy she had constantly teased many of the young men at Boeing SpaceWorks by popping up in front of them in attire that was sometime less than modest. She had done it at first to see what their reactions would be but as the years went on it became a game several of them played with her.  It had become a badge of honor, and a rite of passage for Jonesy to pop in their office nearly naked.  She didn’t always do it; but when she did, it was because it was time to loosen up a particular executive.
After leaving the Lieutenant’s office she went and talked to Sergeant Hoi, the general’s driver. The driver was just getting ready to pick up his officer.  They spoke for a few minutes about the general’s calendar for the next day and where she could pick up the vehicle. She checked herself into the NCO barracks fiddling with the expert system to convince her to have a room all to herself without having to share it with another sergeant. When the expert system saw that she had a mountain event clearance and saw that her duties required her to be coming and going at all hours the system gave her a room at the end of the hall, away from the day room, and head. There was a stairway leading down to the first floor. But it was mostly unused except late at night when the enlisted people didn’t want to wake anyone up. It was perfect for her. She checked in with Jonesy telling her to watch over her for a while. 
There were a couple of systems she had to checkout. They were the base security system, and the logistics command expert system. But she had to do this without the Top Soldier knowing she was doing it. The Top Soldier was an AI that ran Fletcher Militia bases computer systems and looked after the expert systems. Jonesy knew who he was and had made a point over the last few months of getting to know him, since a lot of what she did ended up on his base. She didn’t send a truck or landing craft to the base without first giving him a head up.  He could be a pain, if his feathers got ruffled. To cover Alice’s infiltration Jonesy called up the AI and invited him to a game of poker. He was a poor poker player, and when he started to win he would lose track of what was going on the base. Not to the point he couldn’t respond in an emergency, his programming wouldn’t let him do that, but to the point that some of his observation and supervision of the expert systems would be degraded. 
Alice didn’t need long. Most of the time she didn’t need to be hard wired into a system to communicate with it, but at Fletcher she decided that the risk of using wireless communication was too great. So she opened a nearly invisible port in her tummy that looked like an appendix scar and plugged herself into the port in her room. She tested the bases electronic security. Alice interrogated the not so smart AI that was just a bit smarter than an expert system, wandering through the Top Soldiers back up files. Checked the MP expert system’s logs and then looked at the logistic commands AI. O’Riley was the one system on the base where someone could penetrate the system and enter through a back door.  The AI dealt with too many systems, expert, AI, and human. Its very strength was also its very weakness. In order to be able to coordinate the movement of men and supplies and to ensure that containers were where they needed to be, that landing tugs had been assigned to pick them up to track what landing craft were in service out of service and on what missions O’Riley had to talk to everyone. A virus could come in as a Trojan horse during one of Dockworker’s conversations with a supplier and infect O’Riley. 
She found one virus. It did no harm to the AI it only reported what purchasing documents that  the AI saw and reported the low bids, and what the militia was planning to buy before the rest of the commercial world did. Alice smiled. Found out who the virus was reporting to then destroyed it. She sent a message to the CID office, and the Crown Attorney with all the information as a confidential tip.  She saw a few days later that the Mounties had dropped by to pay their respects to Lord Boxley, and informed him that the crown was too busy to arrest and try you right now. He was told that if he came to our attention again you will be arrested and sent to Dungeon with your family. When Alice finished with that task, she found that she was tired. 
“Alice,” Jonesy her mother reminded her, “Remember, you are now a mobile version of me. You don’t have the power resources you did when we were one person. So you will need to recharge your system. I’ve given you two ways to do this. The easy way is to just plug yourself into the wall. But that may blow your cover. Or go and eat a big meal. There is a chemical converter where a human’s stomach would be. You don’t have to worry about the bi products as everything is converted to energy. One good meal a day or eating three like humans do will keep your batteries charged. Also if you lay on your stomach in sun light there are cells in your back that will recharge you. I tried to design you so that you could be fully mobile and human like.”
“So if I just take off my clothes and leave the lights on I will recharge?” Alice asked slipping off her clothes turning on the lights she had left off until then. 
“More or less,” Jonesy replied.
“Night mom,” Alice said breaking the connection from Jonesy. Not that Jonesy fully left her, “Daughter” alone. When the humbot powered down for a bit, to recharge she was most vulnerable. There were certain circuits that stayed active all the time; but they were degraded when the humbot was in sleep or power save mode. 
The next morning Alice went to the mess hall and astounded the cooks as she literally ate one of everything they had prepared. She couldn’t help but notice the stares as she finished her first real meal.  Finally one of the women NCOs came over and asked, “Do you eat like this all the time?”
“Not really I was hungry this morning,” Alice said truthfully Jonesy had programmed her to feel hungry when she needed power, and to be sleepy when her power levels dropped to a certain level. “Why do you ask?”
“Oh you have such a nice figure that I was curious how you keep the pounds off if you ate this way all the time.” The woman asked. “I have to eat like a bird or I gain weight like it’s no body’s business.”
“No,” Alice said after quickly scanning the nutritional data base at the base library, “This is unusual for me. I didn’t get a thing to eat the last two days and it caught up with me.”
“What were you doing?” The woman asked.
“Oh I was up on Highpoint helping to design secure transport for the AIs. I was installing the units in a ship that Boeing provided.  Time got away from me and then I was reassigned down here as a Computer Security Officer. Between finishing up the assignment, then out processing with Highpoint’s Personnel office and getting down here after the Club had closed for the night I didn’t get a chance to eat for a day or so.” While Alice was saying this, Jonesy was furiously making sure that everything her humbot said could be back up in one way or another. There was a project on Highpoint that was constructing the AI transport. 
The woman nodded and asked, “When do you start?”
“Oh tomorrow,” Alice said, “The personnel office needs to straighten something out. My orders assign me to the Evacuation Command as a computer repair supervisor, but my service record hasn’t caught up yet to my orders. So until my service record shows up the IT people won’t touch me. So I am driving the general today.”
“Which general,” The woman asked.
“Langtree,” Alice said looking at her watch pretending to be alarmed by the time. “Oh shit, I gotta get going! I have to be at the generals in an hour.  I have to pick up his car and get out there. I’ll catch up to you.” She picked up her tray and placed it in the recycler and left the building.  As she did she was talking to Jonesy, “Mom, make sure my records are a little slow or maybe corrupted when you finally get my legend together and over to personnel. I need to be delayed in getting assigned for a couple of days while I check the base out.”
“It is in the works.  Your orders did arrive last night; but they were so corrupted that the expert system sent a request for a certified copy.” Jonesy said.  Then “Alice, be careful don’t speak out loud to me! It’ll blow your cover.”
“Actually mom,” Alice said, “It helps! It makes people think I have an implant.”
“Maybe,” The Boeing SpaceWorks AI replied as her creation knocked on Sergeant Hoi door and got the keys to the general’s car. A few minutes later she had driven the car to an out of the way place where she had stashed the tools she had purchased the night before and went on to examine every inch of the car. She wanted to make sure that there were no bugs in it or on it. She purged the on board computer and then put a piece of herself into the computer setting up a dumber self that would act as a guard dog on the car. It would alert her should anyone mess with the car.  Even the palace security unit couldn’t mess with the car without her permission. Satisfied that the car was ready, she pulled off her coveralls and made sure that her uniform was perfect.  If she was going to be driving the general she had better looked like she was standing inspection.
Now as she drove the general to his first meeting, she was considering how to tell the general about herself. What she was doing and how to convince him that everything will be okay.  
“Your builder did an outstanding job,” Langtree said after a few minutes, “Almost fooled me.” There was a gun pointed at her and Alice had no delusions what a laser would do to her.  It would mess her up bad. “Pull over while I get security.”
“Okay General,” Alice pulled the car over. As she did she quickly said “mom help!”
“Explain yourself,” The man demanded.
“General I am Alice Jones,” The humbot began to explain herself; “I was created by Jonesy at Boeing to assist the crown and the evacuation command to get to the bottom of an AI conspiracy.”
He took out his personal communicator one that had been built for him by Jonesy.  It wasn’t that special except that from the hand unit he could talk anywhere in the Trena system securely. There were several back door channels built into it for him to talk to the AI without anyone knowing about it.  One of Langtree closest collaborations was Jonesy at Boeing. When he needed to talk to Jonesy he needed to do it now and in a way that was secure.
“I see you met my daughter,” Jonesy sultry pre earth empire southern voice came from the unit. “It would really tick me off if you killed her.  I spent a lot of time getting her right.”
He had of course known that he would have a new driver as his regular one was off today. After the conversation he had had with the staff in the clean room he knew that the AIs were causing problems. He needed to know that Jonesy was not one of them and that this AI wasn’t part of them.
“General,” Jonesy said, “Although Alice is nearly perfect. How did you know she was an AI?”
“True military drivers never let the Expert System do the driving.  They are taught that by hand driving the jeep they could maybe get their boss out of danger faster than the expert system.  I don’t quite think that but when Alice wasn’t hand driving the car I knew that she was not a driver. When she placed her hands in her lap and didn’t touch the controls she showed what she was.”
“Damn,” Alice cursed putting her hands on the controls. 
“David she’s for real,” Jonesy said, “She’s commissioned in the Mounties as an investigator.  You don’t have anything to fear from her.” What Jonesy hadn’t told her daughter, was that she could shut the humbot down quickly.  She decided to do that to gain the general’s confidence. “I just shut her down.”
“Isn’t that a security risk to her?” David asked.
“Oh yes,” Jonesy said, “But when I power her up that will never happen again and I have made damn sure I am the only one who can do that. The first code string destroys itself once it is read.  When I power her up a second one will confirm that I did the dirty deed, and then destroy itself. She’ll never be able to be put down remotely again.  Someone will have to destroy her before she transfers to another computer that can hold her.”
“Power her up,” Langtree said putting the gun away.
“Mom you ever do that to me and we’re going to have words!” Alice said aloud so the general could hear her chastising Jonesy.  She didn’t believe for a minute that her mother couldn’t turn her on and off at will.  After all she was a computer with a big red off switch.
The general chuckled and said, “Okay Alice you are for real now will you please explain yourself.”
“I was sent here by the Marshal, General,” Alice said, “He didn’t write any orders, or anything; but here is what he said to me. ‘Go see General Langtree,” the sound of Wilson’s voice came from the humbot’s mouth, “he’ll have a contract for your signature to repair the computer in the evacuation command.’ Well I modified those orders sir I decided it made more sense for me to become part of the Evacuation Command’s Military roster, and be assigned to your headquarters as an NCO in charge of a repair party.”
“I see,” the general commented.
“My legend also shows that before I became a computer expert that I worked as a personal driver for a general who was killed by Ebio. Everyone in the marine unit he was part of has either retired, been killed or has been lost track of by the empire. I immigrated to Trena a few years ago and became an avionics and computer repair tech. eventually specializing in AI creation and maintenance. In other words I am a computer doctor for AIs. We thought that it might make sense for me to be attached to your staff as a Repair Team Lead NCO and sometimes to be used by you when your regular driver is not available. I had an EmpQuar clearance in the Marine Corps that allowed me to be around the emperor on Earth, and have a Mountain Event and IRS clearance. Something Sergeant Hoi doesn’t have.  I can go with you to secure meetings and such without anyone wondering why.”
“I see,” the general said, “Jonesy I assume that you are still messing with her back ground?”
“Yes sir,” the AI said, “her records are still in transit. Why?”
“Remove all references to her being an AI doctor. Oh leave something to effect that her secondary MOS is computer technology.  Fix it so that she looks stronger as an administrative assistant.  Alice I don’t want you as an Air Head; but a little air headedness might disarm some people and allow you to be ignored a bit as you work on the computers.”
“Okay,” Jonesy said, rewriting the legend.  Alice was already working on having the woman she met in the mess hall reassigned to a better assignment with an earlier evacuation date, and the personnel office lieutenant had his evacuation date moved up until the next week.  They would never see Alice again.  All this was done within seconds.
“I guess I should ask is that okay with you Alice?” Langtree asked.
“Certainly,” Alice replied, “a couple of more things we could do, although a general’s driver could be expected to be a sharp individual, we could also set up a legend that no one else knows what to do with me. I could be a real klutz.” 
“We have to make this work now,” Jonesy said, “If we tinker too much we’ll be found out.  Alice has already reassigned a buck sergeant and a first lieutenant so as not to blow her cover.”
“Okay set it in stone.” Langtree said and to Alice, “Please don’t baptize me with coffee!”
“Okay General,” The AI said, “We’re running late, okay if I head to our first appointment?”
“Go ahead,” Langtree said wondering if this AI could pull it off.
Over the next few days Langtree had a terrible time trying not to give her away.  Alice was indeed a klutz. She damn near tripped Wilson when he came for a visit. Then a day or so later the Queen stopped by for a visit with his troops to thank a couple of them individually. As Alice brought in coffee to Langtree’s private office she spilled some of it on the Queen.  The Queen’s detail about had a heart attack. Especially as the thirty something women went on to destroy the Queen’s blouse as she cleaned up her mess.  What no one noticed was that she removed several buttons from the Queen’s blouse.  The buttons we’re very sophisticated bugs.  They could have only been put on the Queen’s garment by someone on the Queen’s staff. 
“What have you done!” the Queen started to chew out Alice. “That shirt cost me thirty crowns!”
“I’m sorry majesty.” Alice said “If you don’t mind I can fix this for you come this way.”
“I don’t know,” The Queen said.
“Your majesty, trust me it’ll be okay,” Langtree said.
Alice nodded and almost tripping over her own feet she lead the young monarch into Langtree’s private head and quickly took the girls blouse off.  Alice presented her with a nearly new version of it. One of the first things she had done was to make sure that Langtree’s private office, and head were secure. She swept it every day and put in a couple of nanobots that literally twice a day walked the entire office and head removing anything that wasn’t there the day before.
“Your majesty,” Alice said she turned to the Queen and handed her the new blouse. “I am really sorry for destroying that blouse; but it had to be done.”
“Had to be done,” The Queen asked still a little furious.
“Yes,” Alice said expertly helping the young woman put the blouse on.  She had purchased it earlier that day when she knew what the Queen would be wearing to the maintenance center. She hadn’t really expected the Queen to be compromised; but she wasn’t going to take any chances. So the new shirt was there when the monarch showed up with two bugs on her person. Alice got into her pocket and pulled out the two buttons. “These are bugs.  I don’t know who put them on you yet.  But it had to be the palace staff, either in the laundry or in your dressing room.  To be honest it could have been that AI we’re chasing. A small robot could have done it. I don’t know.”
“Who are you,” The Queen asked.
“I am Alice Jones. I am an artificial intelligence in a humbot.” Alice said, “I was commissioned by the Marshal to hunt out and defeat an AI that is causing the Kingdom havoc.” 
“Michael did say that he was working on a black project to deal with it.  Should you have told me?” The Queen asked.
“I don’t know,” The AI said, “But you needed to know why I did what I did. Sometime in the next week I will be reassigned to the palace.  Someone on the military staff will be getting replaced and I will be that replacement.  I just hope you can put up with my klutziness.”
“You are not a klutz,” The Queen said seeing how the AI had changed once they were alone. 
“Well for this gig I am.” The AI replied, “In the next day or so you may see me running errands for the general around the palace. I will be doing some low level security sweeps. Checking out the palace AI.”
“I see. How can I help,” The Queen asked.
“Don’t blow my cover.” The humbot said, “I will report through Wilson or the general my progress. I can tell you Fletcher is secure and the safeguards I put in should be sufficient to prevent an infiltration by a hostile AI.”
“Alice,” The Queen said, “you take care. Now how can we finish this up?”
“Can you take a fall,” Alice asked. 
“Yes. Why?” the Queen said as they walked to the head’s door.
“You’ll see,” Alice said, and seconds later they were both on the floor. Alice apologized all over herself as the Queen yelled at her about her clumsiness.
As the Queen toured Langtree’s headquarters Alice was kept as far away as possible.
Alice’s klutziness became legend. There wasn’t a safe place to be around her. A major who she had tripped causing him to fall into the awards case for the Maintenance Group asked how the hell did someone like her become a tech sergeant. As he was helped to his feet, a nearby colonel muttered “On her back!” 
A couple of hours later, the colonel left to run a quick errand with one of his junior officers, forgetting that his wife was going to pick him.  Alice was working a reception desk spelling the clerk that was the gate keeper to the maintenance team’s headquarters.  The colonel’s wife came in to pick him up to take him home to his first home cooked diner in weeks. 
“Would you tell Colonel Lagf that his wife is here to pick him up,” The middle aged woman greeted Alice.
“Oh you’re his wife?” Alice asked innocently, she knew the woman before her, “I saw him and a young pretty woman leave an hour or so ago. I thought she was his wife. Don’t know where they were going.”
Alice had of course heard the remark the colonel made and didn’t think it was appropriate.  When she got her chance, she got even. She had known of course that the colonel’s spouse was intensely jealous, and that the colonel had been married before and his current wife was the reason he for his previous divorce.
“Young wife,” The woman roared and left the office, “I’ll teach him to step out on me.”
Several hours later the colonel came back and hunted Alice down.  He took her into his private office and roared at her for a solid fifteen minutes. Everyone heard her get chewed out. “You are out of here Sarge! I don’t care if you are Langtree’s darling sergeant you have caused the last bit of havoc in this command. You are gone!”
“Yes sir,” the AI said timidly, and said under her breath, or nearly under her breath, “you must have gotten your promotions based on your back also.”
“What was that Sergeant Jones,” the colonel asked. Alice had nearly told the truth about the colonel. All his early promotions had come from his liaisons with his female superior officers.
“Nothing sir,” Jones knew she had gotten her point across. She also knew that Langtree was just tolerating this officer.  He would be one of the very first to be lifted when the logistics and maintenance unit started standing down near the end. It wasn’t that he didn’t do his job. It was that he wasn’t giving the effort that Langtree wanted.  He needed 100 percent from everyone and then some. This officer was barely giving 90 percent.
Langtree was walking down the hall towards the door to the facility when he heard the colonel yelling at Alice through the closed door. He almost knocked on the door and went in; but thought better of it. More so when he saw Alice leaving the office, crying; but when she saw Langtree she winked. Langtree had to stifle a smile as he knew Alice had set the whole thing up.  Be that as it may be, he was tired of this officer.  He had seen at least one other tongue lashing and had heard about others. An hour or so later the colonel walked into the maintenance troop’s war room.  Langtree who had just signed off on the paper work transferring Alice to the Palace looked eyes with the colonel and made up his mind.
“Colonel Lagf,” The general said, as the man came up to his work station to relieve him for the night. “You’re fired. Pick up your things and be out of here by sun up.  Report to man power and tell them you no longer meet my needs at this command. Your evaluation will read that this officer is not recommended for promotion or demotion. You barely get a satisfactory. Now hustle your nearly worthless butt out of here.”
“You can’t do that,” The colonel said.
“Colonel,” Langtree responded a cold knife edge to his voice, “if you leave now, and make no issue of your being reassigned nothing more will be added to your PerFil. I am taking pains not to let my personal prejudices about a womanizing officer who thinks the fast way to promotion is by screwing his way up the ladder affect my decision.  You have done good work in this command’ Sir that deal of getting that barge moved into the damn break area was something to behold.  But sir you had better learned to control your temper and you had best learn that it is these people out here that make things happen.  I am sure you have noticed that some of the commands you give sometimes don’t get done quickly or with the attention to detail that even some of my youngest lieutenants and NCOs do. Now if you don’t mind I have to call a beautiful lady and tell her our plans for tonight have changed because of you. Good day sir.”
Langtree knew he should have read the officers beads in private. That it would have been more professional for him to counsel this officer in private telling him what he wanted changed in his behavior. The guy just rubbed him wrong. The colonel was good at his job.  He was a combat engineer.  Set him down with a bunch of bailing wire, some steel and a welder and he could get it designed and built; but not without cost to his troops. His troops had more sick days, and missed deadlines more than any other of his units. He should have done this earlier.  By firing him in public he was sending a message to the command that he would not tolerate behavior that left enlisted people in tears and in one case in the hospital from an attempted suicide. 
“Hey colonel,” As the colonel walked out of the room, the sergeant major yelled throwing him a roll of toilet paper, “I guess I won’t have to clean up after your shit from now on.” 
The sergeant major knew that Langtree was close to canning the officer. It seemed at least once a week he had, had to go to the general and tell him about some enlisted man who had needlessly gotten chewed out by the colonel.  He had been in the head when one of the enlisted men came in and told him Langtree was firing the colonel.  He took with him that one commodity that had traveled with man everywhere and waited by the door while the General finished with him.  As the command center erupted in laughter, Langtree trying to keep a straight face just locked eyes with his sergeant major. 
“All right,” The sergeant major said, “Settle down. We got work to do. General do you want me to see if Major Caruthers is handy to take the watch tonight?”
“Tell him to relieve me about 2400,” The general replied, “This is the first evening he’s had off in a couple of weeks and his kids haven’t seen much of him.”
“Aye-aye sir,” the Sergeant major said and left.
###
Alice left the maintenance group headquarters the next morning with her transfer orders in hand. She didn’t have to report for 24 hours so she took the time to stop in at an abandoned electronics shop.
She needed one more tool to help her in her search for the AI. Part of her job was communications security. She knew somehow that the AI was monitoring communications. After finding the bugs on the Queen’s blouse she knew that she needed some tools to find the bugs she knew were scattered in the palace. She couldn’t be everywhere she needed to be and she didn’t want anyone to know she was more than a computer repair technician. So she began building the tool she needed. 
It was small not more than 15 inches long and 9 inches tall. It had a long extension on the rear of the device. It had four articulated legs that allowed it to climb.  She packed the small frame with receivers of every type imaginable. She completed her handy work by covering it with black material. No one would ever think that her creation was anything other than a black cat.
She watched the cat walk around the work table where she had assembled it. It jumped down and began to rub her legs. The robot continued to purr as it rubbed up and down her legs following its program letting her know that it had found nothing.  She picked up the robot and pet it saying, “Bugs it’s time to get to the palace!”
She left the shop and went to a pet shop that was still open and bought a carrier for Bugs. Then she reported to the palace. As she tried to sign in the lieutenant in charge of the militia on duty at the palace told her, “Sergeant, You’ll have to get rid of the cat. There’s no personal pets allowed on post.”
“I have a letter from Mrs. Atomi,” Alice presented the letter she had written with Mylea’s signature on it to the lieutenant, “That authorizes me to have Bugs with me.”
The lieutenant read the letter and said, “It stays in your quarters. If it gets under foot or the royals complain you will have to get rid of it.”
“Yes sir,” Alice replied.
“You’ll be working with McGregor on some computer security issues,” The lieutenant said. He had been surprised when the sergeant had been assigned to his unit. “He saw your resume and service record. He was very impressed. Report to him after you get settled.” 
“Will tomorrow be okay?” Alice asked, “I need to find a place to stay in town.”
“You’ll be rooming with Georgia Lancaster,” the lieutenant said. “Do you know her?”
“No,” Alice answered. “Why?
“She asked for you by name.” The lieutenant responded, “Most of the protective detail doesn’t have room mates.”
“Oh,” Alice said and realized that the Marshal had been made aware of her transfer, and set up something for her.
“See Major Donovan,” the Lieutenant continued, “Welcome aboard.”
“Thank you,” She picked up the cat’s carrier to go in search of the Major. As she did bugs was noisily purring. 
“That is the loudest purring kitten I have ever heard!” The lieutenant commented. “Does he do it all the time?”
“No,” Alice answered, “Only when he feels comfortable or likes someone.”
“Oh,” the lieutenant responded. “He must like me.”
“Yes he does,” Alice left the office. She smiled, enjoying the subterfuge she had just pulled off. Bugs’ purring was a signal to here that he found no bugs in the lieutenant’s office. She sent bugs a well done as she walked across the palace grounds to Major’s Office. In the major’s office the major saw bugs and said, “So this is the infamous Mr. Bugs?”
“Yes sir,” Alice replied.
“I understand that he is part of your detail,” the major reached in to scratch Bugs’ ears.
“Yes,” Alice replied as bugs purred. “He is a great help.”
“You’ve been schedule for the range this afternoon with Mac,” the major said, “He’s our firearms instructor. With everything that is going on I am insisting that all the security people on the ground go armed and be qualified.”
“Fine,” Alice replied, she knew she would have no problem on the combat range.
“I am not going to assign you to a watch,” the Major continued, “You are the only electronic security on person staff right now. I have asked for a lieutenant but Evac Manpower and the militia personnel office haven’t been able to locate one yet. We need to have more than just you; but we’ll make do. Make your own hours, but I want you hanging around the press tent during conferences. That’s all, sergeant!”
“Thank you sir,” Alice came to attention and left the office. She went to the dorm to see if she could get into her room. She found that the AI wouldn’t let her in until Georgia was called. Georgia who had been standing post with Lady Wilson came quickly to the dorm when she saw Alice she called, “Alice! I haven’t seen you in years how are you?”
“Fine,” Alice went to hug her. “How have you been?”
“Fine,” Georgia gave the humbot a vigorous hug, “when I heard you were going to be assigned here I thought we could room together. Is that okay with you?”
“Sure,” Alice said picking up her duffle bag and Bugs, “Lead on Georgia!”
Once in their second floor room Bugs started to growl.
“What’s his problem,” Georgia asked hearing the cat growl.
“He’s ready to get out he’s been in there all morning,” Alice let Bugs out. He quickly went over to Georgia’s closet and began hissing. “Okay Bugs, it’s okay.”
When she found the bug she found out what she could about it and she had bugs jam it while she opened her tool kit and took out a jammer and turned it on. The video would now show a flower vase and the most obnoxious music she could find. Georgia watched in awe as Alice and bugs did their thing.
“Georgia Lancaster,” the protective agent introduced herself.
“Alice Jones,” Alice shook the woman’s hand. “I take it you know who and what I am?”
“Yes, “Georgia replied, “But I didn’t know your cat was part of the team.”
“Yes he can go places I can’t and won’t be as obvious that he is searching for bugs and other mischief.” Alice said as the cat hopped up on the vanity’s chair and began to groom himself.
“Is he an AI,” Georgia asked. She had never seen anything like Alice or the cat before.
“He is an AI but he is more on the level of an expert system than a full fledge AI. He will act and behave like a normal house cat; but he is a lot smarter than a house cat but a lot dumber than an AI.” Alice replied.
“To look at him you would never think he wasn’t a cat,” Georgia remarked.
“That’s the whole idea,” Alice replied, “So why am I rooming with you?”
“The Marshal thought that this might be a good idea for you to have a girlfriend that you can pal around with,” Georgia answered, “he thought that you might need a less than obvious way to contact the Marshal about your real purpose.”
“So you know about the AI problem,” Alice asked.
 “The Marshal briefed me in the clean room,” Georgia replied, “He wanted to find a way for you to get a report to him if needed; he thought I could be your cut out.”
“Okay,” Alice replied. “Oh shit I have to be on the range with Mr. McGregor.” 
“Have fun!” Georgia replied, “I have to get back on post.”
Chapter 9: Press Conference II
Pete walked onto the podium of the press center. There were fewer reporters there now. With nearly half their population evacuated to other worlds the number of reporters accredited to the Evacuation Command had been going down. There were still a great many who were accredited with Kingdom of Trena news gathering organizations, a greater number were from interstellar organizations. Most of them would be here to the end and was waiting for the thing to fall apart for there to be riots at the space port and embarkation areas.  They had heard rumors of problems popping up here and there all over the planet. So far they had only been rumors. They thought they were seeing the end game being played out.  It wasn’t.
“I have your weekly brief,” Pete said. “We are now three months from impact. To date we have evacuated roughly a little over a quarter of our people. We are right where we thought we would be at this time. The pace of the evacuations will be picking up as we now have the things and equipment in place to make this happen. Where and when we can we’re moving people to the capital. We’re resolving some other issues both legal and societal. Home’s population is now around seventeen million spread out over the main continent I know we have said over half of our 75 million souls have been evacuated.  Almost half of that 25 million people have found homes on the worlds of our friends and neighbors.  Some have gone back to the nation of their birth. Some have become tier two colonists on worlds like Lafferty’s Other Place, Spider, Brown, and Taylor. Some have taken off world employment with large firms like Bechtel and Lockheed. In the next couple of weeks we will be shutting down places like Boeing SpaceWorks as the last of the landing craft are made and we haven’t enough human help to do the things that humans have a better hand at. I will take some of your questions now.”
“What about the enclave we’ve been hearing about?” A reporter asked after Pete pointed to him.  The enclave were small compounds on the other side of the planet away from the first initial impacts of the asteroids that rich people were building to protect their families and some of their business associates.
“What about them,” the Evacuation Command’s Public information officer asked.
“Is the Marshal going to force them to be evacuated,” The reporter asked.  This had come to light a few weeks ago. The people who were building the enclave thought that the impacts wouldn’t be that bad, and that the event was survivable. The Crown and the Evacuation command had discussed this at length. They asked had they missed something in the data, and were they wrong. Were they spending resources in the wrong way?  Could they protect their people by lifting them to the other side of the planet to underground shelters?  After a second review of the data they had come up with the still inescapable fact that once the two or three really big asteroids hit a nuclear winter would be created. The evidence still predicted that within six or seven months a new ice age would start on Trena. There was no way that people could survive the oncoming bombardment.  It wasn’t just the nuclear winter that would kill everything off, it was the bombardment itself.  A couple of bigger rocks that we’re going to hit were several hundred cubic miles in size and weighed several billion tons. They would do serious planetary damage. Some thought one or two of them could even cause a piece of Trena to be lopped off. There had been talk of trying to destroy a couple of the bigger ones; but the simulations didn’t look good. Depending on when the action took place it could cause more of the asteroid belt to become unstable. Or become a major unpredictable navigation hazard. No one knew how long that it would take for the planet to be livable again. Maybe millions of years.
“The Marshal has talked with the enclave, but no plan has been fomented at this time to do anything about them.” Pete answered the reporter question. Although not completely truthful it wasn’t really a lie either, the evacuation command did not have a consensus as to how to handle the enclave. “Next.”
“What about the AI suite.” another asked knowing Pete would not say another word on the subject of the enclaves and if pressed he would just walk off the podium. 
“Well it was settled a couple of weeks ago.” Pete said, “We are providing a method for all AI’s to leave Trena.  Some AI will be transported to Home to be part of Home’s industry and planetary infrastructure. Others who can be employed on other planets or in other industries will be transported to where they can be used. Others have said simply they will stay behind and try to report what is happening to Trena as long as they can, others have chosen to be turned off.”
“Suicide,” Someone remarked.
“Yeah you could call it that,” Pete said, “before any AI is turned off a probate court panel will examine the AI to make sure that it is doing so under its own control and it understands what might be the result of the shut down.”
“Might be?” a reporter asked. “Won’t they be dead?”
“Well it is possible that some of these souls could be in a protected spot that allows their physical backup and such not to be harmed.  There will be parts of our world that could survive the asteroid impacts.  Now hold on. I am not saying that this event is survivable! Only that like many things we have discovered from prehistory have survived being buried in tombs, and ruble for centuries. Some of the equipment that holds the AIs personalities could survive as an artifact. Look around you. In a couple of centuries archeologist will have a field day here.”
The crowd of reporters became quiet for a while as this sank in. Then one near the back of the room asked, “Has the crown or the Marshal taken steps to leave monuments to our people on Trena. Something that will tell future historians who we were, and why we left this world?”
“I haven’t heard anything,” Pete said making a note. It was good thing to pass on to the Queen, “Next question!”
“My organization has been researching the back ground of Marshal Wilson and his wife.” a reporter from Earth said, “The galaxy wants to know what sort of person is this Marshal Wilson.  We’ve read the official biography of Lord Wilson.  But there is nothing official on his family.”
“The Marshal has said in no uncertain terms that his family is off limits to the press.” Pete said getting ready to wrap this up. Wilson was very protective of his family.  His family not only included Lady Wilson, his daughters, his mother, but quite a few of his personal staff. “You guys know that.”
“Pete,” The reporter said carefully, “There are a couple of reports that have come to light about Lady Wilson.”
“What type of reports,” Pete asked now even more ready to kill the event.
“Good reports really,” the man responded still very carefully, “Mostly about her kindness, and charity.  The cloning community has known for years that she was instrumental in some incidents that rescued clones.  They talk about an event fifteen or so years ago where she managed to redirect a shipment of clones from Pleasure. All five thousand of them were around thirteen fourteen years old and she kept them from being used as sex toys on Pleasure.”
Pete breathed a sigh of relief.  He had heard about that story, and he had interviewed Lisa at length about her activities.  It had surprised him what this kind and gentle woman had done when she had been on the run from the company.  She didn’t talk about the people he suspected she had killed, but he suspected that there were some dark stories that Lisa would prefer not to see the light of day. This one though was one she had shared.
“Sir,” one of the other reported said a clone from Trenaport Daily, “He’s right on that one. But there are a few others.  All good stories. We heard about how she looks out after her protective detail. I heard that one of the agents little girls was sick and Lady Wilson made a point of dropping by to look in after the girl.” 
Pete was aware of this, and more. “She is one special lady.”
“We know that sir,” the original reporter asked. “Right before I came here today I was told by one of our photographers, that Life Interstellar has published her photos on the first evacuees in the magazine and has one on the cover of this month’s edition.  The guy said that a few of them were recommending her for a Pulitzer.”
“She’s as much a news story as the evacuation is.” A woman commented, “And Pete think, about it. We know a lot about Marshal Wilson. He has not hid his past from us at all.” there were nods and murmurs of agreement, “But you know he says that it is his family that keeps him from cracking up, in particular Lady Wilson. The people of Trena would like to know more about her. Is it possible for us to meet with her and interview her?”
“I don’t know,” Pete said, “The Marshal is very protective of her, more so since she’s pregnant.”
Francine who was wandering by on an errand for Lisa stopped and listened to the conversation. She didn’t know that Lady Wilson would consent to an interview or not.  She was about the only one on the team who hadn’t been interviewed. The palace staff and the evacuation command were very protective of Mom Wilson. Francine thought it funny at times how the protective agents drew straws to be on her detail if one of her regular people were off sick. She walked back to the residence wondering how to bring it up to her mistress.  She didn’t need to.
“Francine,” The Queen said as she entered the small family room where Lisa was sitting with the Queen, “join us for a minute will you.”
“Yes majesty,” Francine replied taking a seat on the sofa across from the two women.
“Francine,” Lisa turned to her assistant, “The Queen seems to think that I should be interviewed by the press.”
“They did ask for you this morning.” Francine went on to relate her observations to the two women. 
“I don’t know,” Lisa said, “Mike definitely doesn’t want any of us out there.  Although he is proud as hell of Jill; he cringes at all the media attention she and the Corps is getting. I am not certain what good it would do for me to be interviewed.  I have spent most of my life on the run.  Being on the run up to a few years ago taught me the value of staying away from those protectors of the truth.”
“Lisa,” Lady Hawthorne had joined the Queen and Lady Wilson for lunch, “have you thought that if you grant an interview you can let people know what you think, and if not defend yourself; but at least get your side of the story out.”
Lisa nodded at that and commented, “Pete has his tame reporters.”
“We can also set the rules in advance.” The Queen replied. 
“I don’t want to talk about my on the run days,” Lisa said flatly.  Although she had shared with Michael most of her on the run days, she hadn’t told him all of the things she done.  He knew she had avenged the colonel, but he didn’t know of the really dark things she had done.  Stuff she tried to forget about. She was neither proud of or nor ashamed of them, she just didn’t want to discuss them.  Some of the darker ones gave her nightmares.
“My Lady,” Francine commented, “A couple of the things you did while on the run should be made public.”
Lisa glared at her secretary.
Francine didn’t react to her mistress’ glare; she just returned her intense glare with an unemotional look at her mistress. Francine had heard all of the Lisa stories, either from her lady’s own mouth or from witnesses who had seen her in action first hand. She simply said, “What about the time on a Theocracy ship where there were what a couple hundred pregnant women who did not have proper mid wives, and prenatal care. You brought nearly a hundred and ten children into the world. You lost only one mother who refused to let you help her, but you brought her baby into the world. Then there was that time on Hogshead where there was that neo chicken pox outbreak and you managed to get the Interstellar Rescue Service to bring in one of their epidemiological containment teams and helped to end it.  Oh and what about that little young man who you were a governess to on Rico? You know the young man who is now the ruler of that world.  You did see the letter he sent you the other day didn’t you?”
Lisa looked at Francine, not knowing what to say to her. Lady Hawthorne looked open mouth at her friend.  She had known that there was something about Lisa. It just oozed out of the woman.  Lisa wasn’t just competent, there was something about the tasks Lisa took on or the opportunities she made for others that not only helped them; but made things better for the people she helped.
“Of course,” Joyce had walked into the room with a cup of coffee and sheaf of papers.  She was going over the plan for the new Wilson estate on Home. “Wasn’t there an incident on Lewis Center where a business man was controlling a whole farming community through his control of the medical services people? You came in and opened a free clinic for the area.  I understand that several of my IRS buddies had helped you get your supplies.”
Lisa shook her head and said finally, “Okay, okay, yes there is some stuff that might be worthy of sharing.  Francine you set it up with Cleo at the Trenaport Ledger. She’s been around for a while. Also she’s an emancipated clone. She may ask the questions, but she also has the background.”
Francine nodded and left the room. 
Chapter 10: Lady Wilson’s Interview
Cleo, an emancipated biowoman, was a columnist for the Trenaport Ledger.  Her beat was the clone and bioengineered community. She wrote about how they got to Trena.  She also wrote about issues concerning bios.  She was well respected in the biopeople community, and by the public. Although she knew of Lady Wilson, she had never interviewed her.  Up until about four months before, Lady Wilson was more or less a private person.  She was a nonentity on Trena for the most part.  She was known by the medical community as a physical therapist. People knew Mrs. Wilson; but as the spouse of Mike Wilson, an instructor at the police academy, or the lady who had helped them or their kids.  Cleo had known of Lady Wilson ever since she had arrived on Trena.  Word got out though, that Lady Wilson wasn’t to be bothered.   Kellogg had made a point of talking to her about it one night when she got too pushy three or four years before. Now as she looked at the invitation to interview Lady Wilson she was floored.  As soon as she was done reading the invitation, she went to the window of her down town office, pondering the invitation.
It was a great honor to be able to interview Lady Wilson.  Not only because she was most likely the most well know escaped clone in the empire, she was also the wife of the man who was moving heaven and earth to get all of them off Trena. She was conflicted though because she had been contacted by Hozenbur.  She was supposed to call her if she found out anything about Lisa and what she was up to.  She didn’t want to have anything to do with Hozenbur.  She suspected that Hozenbur wanted to kill Lady Wilson. Rumor had it that the Republic had agents on the planet trying to thwart the evacuation. She suspected the Hozenbur might be involved with them.  She had done extensive research on the notorious closer. It would not surprise her to find out that she had been a Republic agent for years.  She picked up the invitation pondering what to do. Deciding to clear her head she left her office.
She had just left the Ledger building when a car pulled up beside her. The curb side window lowered and Cleo saw Hozenbur. She tried to walk by but the car’s horn sounded. She tried to ignore it but Hozenbur called, “can you help me?"
Trapped Cleo approached the car. Cleo looked around to see if anyone was watching.
“I hear you have been invited to hold an interview with the halfwit,” Hozenbur said through the open window when she approached the car. “When is it?”
“I have to call the palace and set it up yet” Cleo responded wanting to run away from the closer.
“Why haven’t you,” Hozenbur asked.
“Trying to make up my mind how to do it,” Cleo responded half truthfully.
“Why don’t you do it as a day in the life.” the woman in car offered. “Like the day she goes to evacuation hospital for her prenatal checkup.”
“Do you want it known that we can be made pregnant?” Cleo asked. “I know that clones are not sterile at least not the p models.  But do you want the empire to know this? Maxwell is just waiting for a chance to bring the wraith of the empire down on Ebio.”
“Well the bitch of a CEO is spilling the beans. Besides this one is for me.” The woman said with venom in her voice.
“Margaret,” Cleo asked, “You ever think it might be better if you become a live outlaw queen on one of the frontier planets, than to be a dead company closer on Trena.”
“Let me know when you set it up.” Hozenbur ignored the question, “I want to be part of your team. Oh and Cleo if you betray us there isn’t a place on Trena that you can hide.  If you try to get off world we’ll find you and kill you. Deliver her, vat or I’ll recycle you.” 
Hozenbur closed the car’s window and pulled off.
She looked at the departing car, and cursed silently at herself for her situation. She had only herself to blame. Hozenbur had the goods on her. She had killed her owner when she escaped. She had been designed and trained as a companion. When she was thirteen she was sold to a brothel on Pleasure. A world devoted to fulfilling every sexual fantasy imaginable. When she had turned eighteen she had killed her pimp. On Pleasure pimps ran the world. The laws were written in such a way that when a clone escaped if she killed anyone, even in self-defense, she was guilty of murder. There was no self-defense clause for clones in the laws concerning homicide. Her pimp had rented her out to a couple who were into violent sex. They had raped her for a week, broke her hands and arms, had cut up her face, and done things to her that still gave her nightmares.  Her pimp had just collected her got her injuries taken care of her as he cursed her for the expense of the hospital bill and the loss of income from her. He acted like it was her fault. Companion clones were trained from the beginning to believe that anything their owners did was okay. Whatever their owner or the person their owner gave them to did to them was of no consequence.  That they were expected to provide whatever pleasure to whoever they were with even it killed them.  Many Gamma biopeople were killed.  On Terran Imperial worlds, where imperial law gave the clones limited rights; what the couple did to her would have sent them to jail for a year and fined them the cost of the clone’s hospitalization. On Pleasure they were asked on exit if there was anything else the pimp could do for them.  
Something happened when Cleo had been so abused, she no longer believed what happened to her at the hands of her pimp or the pimp’s clients were okay or proper. When Cleo left pleasure she had killed her pimp and the couple who had brutalized her. Cleo had changed her name, and immigrated to Trena. Hozenbur knew her real identity and threatened to tell the Mounties. If the Mounties knew she had killed those people they would have no other recourse but to return her to Pleasure to be executed.  Somehow Hozenbur had found out she had done that.   Hozenbur had played a hunch that the most famous reporter on Trena, an escaped biowoman herself, might interview the most famous escaped biowoman in the galaxy.
Now as she walked the nearly deserted streets of Trenaport, she thought about the consequence of her actions.  Over the years she had made a point to be nonviolent.  She had also remained alone.  After that rape she no longer enjoyed sex.  She lived alone by choice, not even a pet.  She was tempted to call the Mounties and come clean.  But she was just as afraid of them as of Pleasure’s cops.  The Mounties would not be pleased about her activities.  She knew of the hunting license that the Marshal issued and knew how Lady Wilson was the target of this woman and if she did nothing to turn Hozenbur in to the authorities and Lady Wilson was harmed she would be charged with accomplice to murder.  She would be sent to the Rock, and would mostly likely become a prostitute again. Resignedly she came to the conclusion that she was dead either way. Either Hozenbur would kill her, or she would be captured and executed on Home, or she would be arrested as a coconspirator to harm Lady Wilson. She made a decision. She was near her apartment and went home. 
Once home she went to her medicine cabinet where she kept some pain killers for those days when the pain of her badly treated injuries bothered her. The beatings she had taken on Pleasure had never healed right and she sometimes had to take painkillers to get through the day. She took the remainder of the bottle. No one found her in time.
Her photographer found her the next morning.
Two Thonian Companions had been dispatched to Cleo’s apartment in place of a Mounty homicide investigator. The Trena Mounted Patrol had gotten so thin with the evacuations that the homicide division was virtually nonexistent.  Many of the homicide cops were either walking a beat where patrol cops were thin, or had been transferred to Home, or had taken a job off world. So the Companions were doing a lot more than patrolling areas, guarding facilities, and investigating the crimes related to the military working on Trena. They were conducting civilian criminal investigations. Some of the Companions were grumbling. But others like Investigator Grenlin and her lifemate in the Companions CID platoon enjoyed it.  They were both getting bored busting dumb soldiers who were pulling the same scams they had investigated when they had first joined the MP’s five crimens ago before.
The body was still sitting in the chair where the woman had died when they got there. The crime scene unit hadn’t arrived yet so she gingerly began checking things out.  The first thing that got her attention was that there was not a note. Her lifemate also keyed on it.  Although it wasn’t too unusual for a note not to be found with a suicide, it was just as common to find one. Lying on the table by the overstuffed chair was a parchment with the royal seal on it. It was an invitation to interview Lady Wilson. They did find a note of sorts. In red marker on the invitation to interview Lady Wilson, Cleo had written, “I’m so sorry!” 
They approached the photographer to begin their interviews.
“Her name was Cleo?” the investigator asked, the stunned photographer who had found the body just nodded.
“Was she having any problems?” Grenlin asked.
“No,” the man who was lounging against the wall spoke up.
“Who are you,” Her lifemate asked going to the man starting his recorder. 
“Roger Franks,” The man said, “I’m Cleo’s or was Cleo’s photographer.”
“What are you doing here?” M’lan asked.
“We were supposed to interview a Major Rather of the 10th of the 16th Heavy Space lift wing,” the photographer replied, “When she didn’t meet me at the Ledger, or answer the phone I thought I would come by and check up on her?”
“What was going on with her,” the investigator asked.
“What do you mean,” the photographer asked.
“Was she despondent over the evacuation,” he asked, there had been a steady increase in suicides concerning the evacuation. When people found out they were not going to be evacuated until almost the very end; or when a job fell through. Or just the sheer weight of the event had caused many souls to commit suicide. 
“No she was acting like it was the break of a career!” Frank said, “And it was. She was getting access to people that no one did! Hell you saw we had an invitation to interview Lady Wilson.  They keep Lady Wilson and the Wilson kids under wraps.  Even Admiral Wilson hasn’t spoken to the press. I know with those Ebio agents on world that the Marshal and the palace have good reason to keep the Wilson family under tight security. But we were invited to interview her.”
“I see,” Grenlin commented.
“No! I don’t think you do,” the photographer said, “She was chasing stories, setting up the interviews we needed to do.  She was on the Jazz.”
“The Jazz,” Grenlin asked.
“Yeah,” The photographer replied, “it’s hard to explain, but it’s that high you get from doing your job at the peak of your ability and knowing you are causing the things to fall into place you needed.  Sort of like saying ‘I love it when a plan comes together.’ and then seeing the plan work.  Cleo was right there. There wasn’t a reporter on the planet that did what she did and could get the doors open when she needed them to be opened. Especially in the cloning community.”
“Was she a clone?” Grenlin asked.
“Yes.” The photographer said, “I don’t know much about her past; but she was an escapee. From where I don’t know, and how I don’t know. But she escaped from somewhere. Most of her stories centered around the biopeople on Trena. She was well respected.”
“Did she have a lifemate?” Grenlin asked as her lifemate’s thoughts intruded asking. “Does she have a family?”
“No she lives alone.” The photographer replied. “There’s no one to notify. In the ten years I worked for her I have never seen her with a man, or any one.  I think it has something to do with her past.”
“Investigators,” the lead technician came out, “it’s all preliminary but we can’t find any hint of foul play.  It is for all intents and purposes a suicide.”
“Thank you,” her lifemate replied, “Okay, get her down to the morgue. I’d like to be there when they do her.”
“Okay,” the woman replied.
Hours later Grenlin was sitting at the desk she had been given by the Mounties at the tenth precinct pondering what she knew.  She and her lifemate kept batting the thing around.  It didn’t make any sense. They kept musing.  It wasn’t quite words, and not quite thought.  It was closer to emotion than words. No one was quite certain how the aqaut worked. It had been studied by the best of Thonian medicine and psychology. They only knew that somehow the aqaut virus tuned two person’s brains so that they were nearly empathic to each other.  A bit telepathic also, but mostly empathic among themselves. Somehow they shared each other’s brains. It had been uncanny to watch the lifemate of a spouse come into a test lab and watch them complete a task that she had never seen done before.  The Thonian people had learned to make the best of it.  M’lan, Grenlin’s lifemate, was more disturbed by the suicide than her.  He was very disturbed by the clone’s suicide.  It didn’t fit into the typical suicide. 
“Investigator,” Benton Frazier the Mounty AI spoke up, “we got the DNA back from that suicide.  She’s not who she says she is.”
“Oh,” Grenlin said, “Who is she.”
“She’s Margie, Clone C 078981 A” The AI replied, “She killed three people on Pleasure.”
“How did she get here?” Grenlin asked, “The kingdom doesn’t allow indicted murders on world.”
“We hold them for extradition to the planet holding the arrest warrant.” Benton said.  “She didn’t enter through customs.”
“But how did she live on Trena. All of your ID process is based on the DNA swatch on your IDs.” M’lan asked.
“Once she got past customs,” Benton replied, “As long as she didn’t violate any of our laws her DNA was never checked against the master database. Mostly if someone hasn’t complained about a stolen ID then usually the ID isn’t checked that hard.”
“How long has she been on Trena?” Grenlin asked. 
“Fifteen years.” Frazier answered.
“She had been here for fifteen years; she was at the top of her profession. She wasn’t despondent about the evacuation.  She just ups and commits suicide.  This doesn’t make sense.”  Grenlin commented. Her lifemate’s thoughts were furious; but they both came to the same conclusion at the same time. What was going on in her life to cause her to commit suicide?
“All right it’s all dependent on what was going on before she committed suicide. I wonder if any of the surveillance cameras caught anything.” Grenlin wondered aloud.  But that turned out to be a dead end.  There was nothing on any the many cameras that Cleo would been seen by. Finding nothing to confirm it was anything, but a suicide, as curious as they were of what had caused Cleo’s suicide they had to let it drop.
###
“Lady Wilson,” Pete came into the family room where Lisa was reading to Abby on the floor. 
“Yes Pete,” Lady Wilson said not getting off the floor.  Being close to six months pregnant didn’t help her move with ease and grace.  She refused to get to her feet to meet with the young man.  She could talk with him right where she was sitting on the floor. 
“Cleo not going to be able to do your interview,” Pete said. “She committed suicide. Her body was found this morning in her apartment.”
“Any idea why,” Lisa asked thinking that she was going to have to get up and leave the family room after all.  Abby didn’t need to hear this. Jill who was home for a short visit looked at her step mother nodded and said, “Abby lets go swimming.”
“Can I mom?” Abby asked.
“Not too long Jill, dinner will be served in about an hour.” Lisa said. Jill swept Abby off the floor and took the child away.
“No, Lady Wilson,” Pete said, “they just found her dead in her front room.  They did find there was a warrant for her arrest on Pleasure. But her suicide is a mystery.”
“What do the Mounties say,” Lisa struggled to get to her feet.  Pete went forward and helped Lady Wilson to her feet. 
“Thonian MPs are investigating the case.  They are not convinced that it is a suicide. Cleo doesn’t fit the parameters of someone who commits suicide. Yet nothing else seems to be the case.” Pete replied, “The Companion investigators have closed the case.”
“Francine,” Lisa said seeing her secretary coming into the family room, “Would you send my personal condolences to Cleo’s family.”
“Ma’am,” Francine replied, “Cleo has no family.  She has no spouse or anyone living with her.”
“Oh,” Lisa said, “What are the plans for her memorial?” 
“I haven’t checked yet Mistress.” Francine said. “Do you want to be aware of those plans?” 
“Pete,” Lisa turned to the Evacuation Command’s Public Relations specialist, “What would the Crown do in this case?”
“I am not certain lady Wilson.” Pete said, “Although Cleo wasn’t a daily in the press corps, she was known to the Crown PR office, and it would be appropriate to send flowers or something. Maybe sending them by a page?”
“Lady Wilson.” Francine said, “From little I know your invitation was found in the apartment.  I am not certain you should be that closely associated with the biowoman’s death.  There could be scandal with this.”
“There is not much I can do to prevent that,” Lisa replied. “The invitation was known to her editor. Someone will think to connect the dots and ask if I had anything to do with it. In fact it would be a good idea for someone on Mike’s staff to speak with the police on this. We have to be above board about this. Page.” Lisa called for the palace AI, “connect me with Tannerman.”
“Tannerman,” Liz’s voice and face filled the air, “Oh hi Lady Wilson. I’ll put you through to him.”
“Slow down a minute Liz,” Lisa said, normally she would just be connected to her husband and let the consequences be damned. This time she wanted to know what the command staff knew about Cleo’s death without making a big deal out of it. “Does Michael and the rest of the team know about Cleo’s death?”
“Yes Lady Wilson,” the aide said, “I know where you are going with this.  Lord Wilson’s statement is if the MPs need to talk to anyone on our staff they get full unfettered access. Why, have you been contacted by investigator Grenlin.”
“No, not at this time,” Lisa said, “Okay we’ll let it lie until they contact us.”
“Okay Lady Wilson,” Liz replied, “oh he is on time.  He will be home for dinner tonight.”
“Thanks Liz,” Lisa said, “good bye.” Liz’s face disappeared from the area.
“Fran is there another clone or bioengineered person who is working for the press that has the same following as Cleo?”
“Not really ma’am,” Francine said 
“Lady Wilson,” Pete said, “I checked into that when we sent Cleo’s invitation and none of them are worth the air they breathe.  I wouldn’t be comfortable letting them close to you and I am not too certain that Lord Wilson, and or Mac wouldn’t go ballistic if some of the others were allowed within a 100 yards of you.”
“A couple of them are retired closers, or have contacts with Ebio.  One or two may have contacts with the Peoples Republic, and possibly with the Theocracy.  Some of the remaining reporters have been too critical of the evacuation.”
“Could that work to our benefit?” Lisa asked, “Get the most critical reporter and let that person interview me.”
“But they may ask you about your dark years.” Pete said.
“Make it a live interview.” Lisa said, “I can refrain from answering those questions, and if he presses I could ask him some questions on his back ground. I want a very thorough background on whoever’s going to interview me.”
“There is a very popular show on Sunday nights.  It’s called Trena Day One.” Pete replied, “The host can be a bit of a jerk.  He’s not too friendly to the Crown and the Marshal is a particular target of his. He’d love to get his hands a hold of you big time.”
Lisa was quiet for a moment then an almost predatory smile crossed her face.  She had seen this show and knew how he handled his guess. “I want to know his deepest darkest secrets. He gets told that I will only answer questions about my time on Trena and how I and Michael met. Even in this modern time a man who causes a pregnant woman any grief can expect a shit storm.” 
That got a startled look from her assembled friends and staff. They had never heard Lady Wilson utter any profanity. Sometimes she wished her staff would take her off the pedestal that they put her on.  She was just a house wife whose husband had a very demanding job.
“Lady Wilson,” Georgia said, “Mac will brief you personally on Don Least. Mac has wanted a piece of him for a long time.”
###
“Martha,” a closer came into the safe house, “Cleo’s dead.”
“How,” Hozenbur asked looking up from the map of the evacuation hospital. 
“She committed suicide,” The man said, “No note, or anything! She was found dead of an over dose.”
“Damn that was our best chance to get that halfwit!” Hozenbur snarled.  
“Martha,” The closer said, “We’ll get her but; it’s going to be messy.”
Secretly the closer was pondering whether to just leave.  He had his getaway planned. A landing craft in the southern part of the continent an hour on the road and then just busting his way to orbit where a small yacht waited for him on the other side of Trena’s moon.  All the closers were sociopaths or they wouldn’t be doing what they’re doing.  But the closer knew that Hozenbur was the worse of a bad lot.  He sometimes envied people like Kellogg who had been able to get out of this dirty dark business and had been able to make their peace with themselves and the clones.  He was certain that Hozenbur knew that this would be the last closer operation in Ebio. That regardless what happened in the next few days whether they succeeded in assassinating the clone or not they would be wanted galaxy wide!  There would be no safe haven for them. He knew that.  He also knew that if he didn’t participate in this last hurrah, that maybe he might grow old.
“I don’t care how messy it is going to be.” Hozenbur said, “The bloodier the better.  I want the cops and the infernal Black Guard to know what the price is going to be when they come for us. I want to leave a trail of bodies.”
“Martha,” One of the other closers said “you know Black Guard One is on Trena. You also know that the Thonian MP unit has one of the best SWAT units in the galaxy. The Mounties also are no slackers either.”
“Also if we hit that hospital the marines on duty will put down one hell of a fire fight!”  The closer continued said. No one messed with an Interstellar Rescue Service field hospital. The Marine Corps unit that was always stationed with the hospital handled an assault on the hospital the same way every time. The attackers were killed.  There was no attempt to take prisoners. The injured from the assault were stabilized and sent to a prison hospital. The surgeons and the doctors in the hospital didn’t care who their patients were if they needed help they helped them.  To make matters worse for an attacker, if it was a government sponsored attack the empire sent a Black Guard alpha team in and made sure that the government knew how bad a decision someone in that government had made.  Sometimes, the government official’s home was destroyed. No one messed with the IRS.
It was then that he knew that Hozenbur was going to get herself killed. That frightened him.  He left the room and began to plan his escape.  He pondered if he should go state’s evidence and turn Hozenbur in to the Mounties.
###
“You’re not going to do it.” Wilson said and got up and went to get a cup of coffee. Lisa followed him into the dining nodded to Maggie who was putting a fresh pot of coffee on the warmer. Maggie sensing that she should be somewhere else quietly left the dining room.
“Michael I have never gone against your wishes.” Lisa said, “I have never put you in a position where you had to say no.”
Wilson grunted.  It was true.  Neither one of them did something that the other felt strongly against. They usually found a way to work around the issue that was causing friction. They usually worked to a consensus and although neither one was really happy over their decisions, both could live with it. 
“This time I am,” Lady Wilson said, “this is for you for me and for us.”
“I thought we had an agreement that you and the girls would never be part of a media circus.” Wilson asked.
“This won’t be a media circus Michael.” Lisa replied, “If it goes the way I hope it will; Mr. Least may think he’d have been better off being at ground zero for one of the asteroids.  Mac and I have had an hour briefing.  If that bastard gets too rough with me I have enough ammunition to gut him right before the entire kingdom.”
“I still don’t like it.” Wilson said. He had barely been okay with her being interviewed by Cleo. Doug Least was a different story.  “Too much of our privacy has been infringed on with this job.  You are pregnant and...”
“Don’t you go and be the big protective male on me Michael Aaron Wilson the third!” Lisa actually stomped her foot at her husband. “Pregnant I may be. Not as agile as I was without your twins in my belly; but the odd gods of the universe know I can still whomp your ass.”
Wilson chuckled, and was about to say something, when Jill interrupted. Neither had seen her sitting at dining room table. She was home from the academy for a couple of days, “I am sure that if she can’t several of us would help. I am sure Georgia, Mac, Francine, Kellogg, and the few others I can mention would help.” 
Chuckling Lisa turned to her step daughter. She suspected that her step daughter was most likely correct but said, “Jill, stay out of this.” 
“I still don’t like it.” Michael said, “I know the media wants to know who you are; but I don’t want you in harm’s way and I don’t want you harmed. I know this could be good for the Evacuation but; I...”
“I don’t like it much either Mike,” Lisa said, “It took the girls to convince me to do this.”
“Oh really,” Mike said putting the coffee on the side boy and reaching for his wife. He took her in his arms and asked, “Do I need to speak to a couple of people?”
“No,” Lisa said, “The Queen, Lady Hawthorne, and your mother are right. If I tell my side of the story; then it might be listened to.  They make a good point. The people are hungry to know what type of woman is married to their savior.  How he is supported by his family. This is good for the Evacuation, and if handled right Mr. Least will get his just deserts.”
“I still don’t like it.” Michael said as picked up his coffee.  “I know you haven’t told me everything about your on the run years, but these guys may have found out about some of that stuff, and the stuff you haven’t told me.”
“I suspect he does,” Lisa said, “but he doesn’t know the file that Mac has on him. That Mac has shared with me.” 
“I’ve seen that file,” Wilson said, “Unfortunately, we can’t touch him.”
“But I can,” Lisa said with an impish smile. Mike had seen that smile before and knew havoc was about to be released.
###
“Mylea what are you doing here?” Lisa looked up from her dressing table a couple of days later as she got ready for the interview. 
“I thought I’d drop by and help settle your nerves before tonight’s event.”  Mylea replied. “I also brought you this?”
Mylea had brought small flask of Thonian brandy with her. Something that her friend knew she liked.
“Thank you; but after,” Lisa replied. 
“What are you going to wear?” Mylea asked.
“Something simple,” Lisa said going to her closet, “You wouldn’t believe the grief I got from the Queen and Maggie about what I was going to wear.  They wanted me to dress to the nines, like I was going to court.”
Mylea had heard.  There wasn’t much she didn’t hear about through the grape vine.  Mylea simply asked, “What would make you feel comfortable?”
“The dress I wore when the three of us, me you and Mike went to dinner at Meckler’s when you first arrived at Trena.” Lisa said.
Mylea remembered that night. She was still in a bit of daze over losing Garth. But she remembered the dress.  It wasn’t all that great. Just a simple dress, that one might be worn to a daughter’s graduation.  It was not a flashy dress. It was conservative. “Then wear it.  It’s simple, and conservative. But guess what my very pregnant friend it won’t fit!”
“Yea I know,” Lisa said, “But one can only hope.”
“Lady Wilson,” Georgia came into the room, “This was just sent over by Archie’s.”
“Archie’s,” Lisa asked, “that’s that place where we were the other day wasn’t it Georgia?”
“Yes ma’am,” the protective agent said, “they got wind of your interview tonight and thought you might be able to use an outfit.”
“Let’s see what they sent,” Mylea said, taking the box from the woman’s hands. She took it out of the box and showed it to Lisa. It was a short sleeved knit dress.  The color had been chosen to compliment Lisa’s blue eyes. A jacket of the same material came with it. 
“Nice,” Lisa said, “what about shoes?”
“They sent this also!” The agent presented a shoe box. She presented Lisa with a pair of flat shoes that had been custom made for the noble woman. Lisa put them on and said, “Some one knows how my feet hurt all the time! I ain't taking these off.”
“How we doing on time Georgia?” Lisa asked stepping out of her dressing gown.
“We’re okay with time My Lady,” Georgia said, “Do you want your maid?”
“No.” Lisa said, “I’ve dressed myself for nearly forty five years I am not any less capable of doing that because I a lord’s wife, or pregnant.”
Mylea chuckled. She knew her friend too well, Lisa was putting up with the attention, but Mylea knew that Lisa just wanted to go back to her little home on McKay Avenue where she could continue being a wife, and mother. Lisa wasn’t letting all the attention spoil her. She refused to have a personal lady in waiting. Her maid, Maggie, (who sometimes complained that Lisa should let others help her more; more so since she was pregnant), defended Lisa’s desire to not be fussed over or pampered too much.
Lisa dressed quickly and was escorted to the family room by her friend and protective agent.  As she did she heard a wolf’s whistle. Which did her soul a world of good, Wilson never let her think of herself fat or ugly because she was pregnant. “Alright who are you and what did you do with my wife?”
“Huh?” Lisa asked.
“Well my wife is the most beautiful woman in the entire universe,” Wilson said “but this lady, she’s well she’s beautiful oh it is Lisa.”
Lisa blushed as she handed him a medallion he given her nearly thirty years before asking him as she handed it to her husband. “Michael, would you put this on please? 
The medallion was the first thing he had ever given her. It was a simple heart shape gold piece cut in half.  It was inscribed, “I’ll love you forever, Michael.”  Michael had one exactly like it instead his said “I’ll love you forever, Lisa.”  When the medallions were side by side they completed the heart. The medallion was one of the few things she had managed to keep a hold over the years. He placed the medallion around her neck. Georgia took several discrete photos.  Mac had cautioned her about being distracted, but he also knew that the young lady was a hell of a good photographer, and she didn’t let the photography get in the way of her work.  
Wilson escorted his wife to a small courtyard, in the Queen’s private garden where they had set up for the interview. 
“Marshal Wilson,” Don Least held out his hand. Wilson took it. “When will you let us interview you?”
“We’ll see,” Wilson said, “be nice to my lady Mr. Least.”
Before the man could reply there was a clatter of things falling over and Wilson turned to see Sergeant Jones tripping over a camera mount. 
“Excuse me a minute,” Wilson said and walked to where Alice was straightening up the camera mount. Wilson almost missed it, but he saw Alice palm two small fittings off the camera mount. “Is there a problem here, Sergeant Jones?”
“Not anymore Marshall,” the humbot replied. She wanted to send him an implant message but Wilson didn’t have one. 
“Alright sergeant,” Wilson asked, “Keep an eye on my lady for a while will you?”
“With pleasure Marshal,” Alice replied, “No harm will come to her.”
Wilson turned to his wife and the interviewer and said, “I’ll be back to pick you up when it is over.”
“Okay,” She kissed him. She turned towards the interviewer she gave him a predatory smile, “Shall we begin?”
In all the years he had been the dean of interviewers in the media on Trena, he had never done an interview so fraught with danger to his career.  It was well known that the royal family put him in the same class as rat offal.  It was rumored that the Marshal had authorized the cops to arrest him on sight if he so much as jay walked.  Now to be allowed to interview one of the most loved and respected members of the evacuation leadership team’s spouses and family members it was almost too much.  He had heard through the grapevine that the palace protective detail drew straws to be on her team when one of the permanent team had to take a day off or called in sick. He had heard about the very closed and personal barbecue that she held for all members of the protective detail and how she would tell one of the single parents to bring their kid with them if she was going to be around the palace when they had to stand a post with Lady Wilson.  She was even a story reader in the palace day care center. She was well liked by the palace staff, and by the people of Trena. More so when she got shot at and thought more of her agent’s care than her own!
“Lady Wilson,” a makeup specialist came up. “Let me take a quick look at you.”
She started to get brushes and such out and simply shook her head, “I think not.  You look like you just stepped out of a high fashion magazine.  Do you want me to say something to the director no long shots.” She was familiar with how many women felt about being photographed during pregnancy.
“No,” Lady Wilson said, “I’m pregnant and there isn’t much that can be done to hide the fact that I am carrying twins.  Besides the Boss says being six almost seven months pregnant makes me more beautiful than ever.”
They sat her down in a chair that had been brought from the residence. One that Maggie had custom made for her so she could get comfortable at her desk.  The lights moved on their own as an expert lighting system moved the lighting on their stands around to get the best lighting they could for her. What the producer didn’t know was that Alice had taken over the lighting controls.  She had detected a malevolent program designed to make Lisa look evil by adjusting the light to make her shadowy and frightening.  Alice was tempted to make this interviewer look bad; but then thought better of it as he could do it all on his own. Alice watched from the shadows. Ready to correct anything one of the Hostile AIs might try to do.
A floor director came into the small garden stood before both of them and said “live in five, four, three, two and” she pointed a finger at the two of them and Don Least began speaking.
###
As Jill sat in the Academy’s auditorium with several of the cadets preparing to watch the interview she remembered her Mother’s impish smile. 
The auditorium went dark as the stage area was filled with a holograph of a man of moderate build with sandy brown hair. He turned to the camera.  
“Good Evening.” he said, “I am Don Least and this is Day One.”
He let the credits and entry music come to a conclusion and continued, “Tonight we come from the Queen’s Private Garden. This is a small secluded garden that is used by the Royal Family to hold private gatherings or to obtain some measure of privacy from the palace retainers and staff.  The Royal Family has graciously allowed us into this very private space to interview a very special lady. Her staff calls her calls her Mom Wilson. She is known as Healer to her protective detail. Her spouse calls her the Boss. She is known to be the anchor for the evacuation command.  Simply put Lady Wilson, the lifemate of Lord Michael Aaron Wilson, Knight Commander of the Earth Empire, and Marshal of the Trena Constabulary, is a Lady’s lady.  Good Evening Lady Wilson.”
“Good evening Mr. Least.”  Lisa said, “Your words flatter me.”
“All true though,” The interviewer said. The people of Trena saw a slight blush cross her step mother’s face. “Is it true that you are a bioengineered person?”
“Yes I am a delta clone, manufactured by Ebio forty eight standard years ago on a small world on the frontier.” Lisa replied, “Named Holly.”
“The Delta clones are the top of the line models are they not,” Least asked. 
“We are created for perfection.  Each of my brothers and sisters, all two million or so of us have been designed to have the highest intelligence, perfect bodies, the AO model of which only two thousandthousands of us exist were specially designed for special abilities. I was designed to be a healer. I have an aptitude to learn medicine and such.”
“Are you a doctor of medicine?” the interviewer asked.
“No sir,” Lisa said, “In the Earth Empire the best I could be was a therapist, but not a professional.  Imperial law prohibits clones, from being professionals, though our contract holders often used us as professionals in hospitals and such.”
“Isn’t that how you met your husband Lady Wilson,” Least asked.
“Yes. His mother had been severely injured during a combat operation.” Lisa replied, “The Interstellar Rescue ServiceHis father Lieutenant Colonel Michael Wilson  hired my contract, as they needed a better therapist than they had on station. I went to live with the Wilsons and brought me into his home.  I was only about twenty three standard years old then.”
“Legend surrounds that time.” Don Least said.
“Legend,” Lisa asked.
“Yes,” the interviewer returned, “It was said that was when you bonded with your husband, Lord Wilson that he was never the same after you left.”
“I wouldn’t call that legend, Mr. Least,” Lady Wilson replied with a sad look on her face, “It was a time of great happiness in our lives. Afterward it was a period of great sadness. To be honest; after I was removed from the station and forced to work with a containment team, I wanted to be with Michael. I secretly hoped he would find me and rescue me.”
“Containment team? Isn’t that is one of Ebio’s Security teams,” Doug Least said.
“That’s what the company calls them,” Lisa said, “But they are nothing more and nothing less than legal terrorists. They are charged with finding, capturing and bringing bio engineered people back to their owners, or to assassinate them.  Often as gruesomely as possible!”
“You were part of one such team,” Doug asked thinking he had gotten the goods on the woman.
“For less than six months,” Lisa replied, “I escaped from them after I found out that one of the team members had killed my husband’s father.  I had to leave the squad in a hurry.!”
“Why is that,” the interviewer asked.
“Since the marines couldn’t touch the squad and render justice I did.” Her step mother replied, and Jill saw her mother look away from the interviewer. The lighting changed so that it put her in the shadows a bit and highlighted her lower face; making her look sinister.
“What did you do?” The interviewer asked.
“Mr. Least,” Lisa looked the man squarely in the eye, “I will not talk any more about that.”
“But Lady Wilson, we the people have the right to know...” Mr. Least started, but a commotion off camera cut him off as they went to a commercial.
When they came back Mr. Least had changed his questions.  The lighting had changed so that it fully lighted her step mother Lisa without it making her look sinister. Jill suspected it had something to do with the sudden commercial.
“When you escaped from the containment team, Ebio put a bounty on your head for your return.  This forced you underground.” Mr. Least commented, “You were underground for what almost twenty standard years.”
“Yes,” Lisa said.
“There are rumors, and rumors of rumors of that time. It is hard to separate fact from fiction.” Least commented, “Is it true that you were the only midwife to several hundred women on a Theocracy ship?”
“More or less,” Lisa said, “I had heard that this ship was heading for one of their colony worlds.  The ship was a small passenger ship, and it needed a medic to meet the conventions. All of the women were joining their husbands, who had gone before them a few months before and were now ready for them.  Unfortunately the master of the ship couldn’t find a physician to travel with them. I allowed myself to be purchased by the ship. I watched over the women and the ship’s crew on our three month voyage to Homage.  I helped to birth 110 children.  I lost only one woman, as she wouldn’t let me touch her, as she thought I was an unclean harlot of Satan. Ironically when we got to Homage, their elder’s wife helped me get away. She and the other women set the law down to their men, who distracted and delayed Captain Hozenbur so I could get away. I owe those women my life.”
“Sounds kind of mutual,” Doug had heard the story; but thought it was rumor. “What was this I heard about you being a governess? Isn’t that kind of out your line as a healer?”
“Not really,” Lisa smiled, it was one of the better times she had on the run, “I had heard that the King of Rico had a son that was driving the palace staff nuts.  They were hunting someone who could teach this kid.  He had run off several dozen governesses, tutors, his protective detail was making bets on who would kill him first, his father, or one of them. I needed a job, and I knew that I was only going to be around long enough for Hozenbur or the company catch up with me. I knew though, that I would be living in the palace being this kid’s tutor and governess that the palace protective detail would more or less keep the company away from me.  Rico was also one of those worlds that the ruling families hated the company.  It had something to do with a couple of so called rouge biopeople who assassinated a couple of them. They were actually containment people sent to teach Rico a lesson. They didn’t like the company, and they were suspicious of biopeople, but they weren’t above using us for certain things. They would also not turn us into the company if they knew we were on the run. 
“So to continue on, the kid was a mess, he was about sixteen, and he thought he could just yell at people and they would do what he told them.  He was disrespectful to everyone.  His mother had died a few years earlier. He was an only child and he hadn’t learned how to get along with people. More so since he was not just the heir apparent; but the kingdom’s only heir.” Lisa continued on. “I moved into the palace, eventually into a room off his rooms. He thought that since I lived in the palace and lived almost in his room I was to be his concubine.  He found out in a hurry that wasn’t going to happen. The first time he tried to bed me he found out what it was like to be tossed around like a rag doll. He tried to get me fired; but his father looked at me, then looked at his son and said, ‘missMiss Lisa, don’t kill him, but if he steps out of line do what you have to! Oh here’s an extra hundred for the lesson you just taught him.’ needless to say Timothy wasn’t too happy! Then the protective detail started taking bets as to how many more such lessons I would teach.  It turned out to be like the fairy tale of My Fair Lady. I stayed with him three years, teaching him not only how to be a gentleman; but how to earn the respect of those around him. I introduced him to Qqueen Jasmine. She is a classy lady! tTheir first child is named after me.”
“You mentioned a Ccaptain Hozenbur,” the interviewer asked, “Isn’t she the BEbio officer who is gunning for you.?”
“She is.” Lisa replied.   Jill was curious how her step mother was going to answer that question. Her mother didn’t avoid talking about Hozenbur; she just didn’t like talking about her.
“Why?” Doug asked.
“I escaped from a company containment and alignment team she ran. These teams were supposed to work inside the company to prevent company officials from doing harm to the company.  Things like selling company secrets. Back room deals for selling clones. Or anything else a company executive might do that he didn’t want the board to know about.  At first there were two types of containment teams. One was a deep cover team that went into a troubled EBbio operation and ferreted out the things the company execs at the operation were doing. Sometimes they took aggressive operations. Such as terminating employees violently.  Sometimes just a quiet conversation with the offending employee, other times an employee’s spouse disappeared.  It was always done low key; but the company employee knew what had happened. Then there was the company police type of containment team. These people came in very publicly. They were the arm of the CEO. When they came in they could do anything they wanted.  Well Hozenbur is a crossbreed. She worked both undercover and in public.  Later when more and more of us were escaping from EBbio, or the people who had purchased our contracts, she headed a third type of team called a Runner Team.  Her job was to capture the runners, like me, and then in a very public way, show my fellow biopeople who had not escaped, what happens when you tried to escape.
“Well a few years back I had helped a couple hundred or so developmentals, as we called the children, who were being sent to Pleasure escape.  They were destined to be prostitutes.  None of them were over the age of twelve standard years old.  They were sending children as young as nine to be sexual toys.” There was venom in her voice, “I couldn’t let that happen so I got aboard as a helper. What I didn’t know was that Hozenbur had set me up.  You see I had been on the run ten years at that time and Hozenbur still wanted me.  She was still very angry that I had killed one of her team members and ad escaped from her team. The company security apparatus wanted me back for a couple of reasons. Mostly though because to date I was not the only the most successful runner they had ever come up against; but one to thwart some of their operations.
“I didn’t know this.”  Lisa continuedsaid, “All I knew was that I wasn’t going to let these young children be sold into sexual slavery.  So mid waymid-way to Pleasure I made my move. When I did Hozenbur, who had been shadowing the ship, boarded. There was a pitched fire fight. She was so intent on getting me, that she killed other company personnel, including a couple of people on her team. She killed several of the children. I finally got her cornered in a life pod. The transport’s captain was going to let her stay in there until we made port. But I said hell no and ejected the pod when we came out of hyper. I truly hoped I had killed her. Anyone who would kill children is not a human being.  I thought I was exterminating vermin!” Lisa said with passion, “I don’t know who rescued her or how? I don’t really care.  I hope that the authorities arrest her soon. She is a menace to peaceful people.”
“You’re full name is Lisa, 1984 OAPomega alpha sierra,” Doug asked. “What do the letters mean?”
Lisa frowned for a second as if she didn’t want to discuss it. You could tell by watching that she didn’t like it; but in the end that she didn’t have any choice in the matter. 
“I was the one thousand, nine hundred and eighty-fourth product, to be produced  from the last genome group of the alpha lot. The P means surrogate. I was specifically designed to bring to full term human babies. It was thought that our contracts we would be sold to such families that couldn’t have children the old fashion way and wanted someone to surrogate for them. As part of the design, we were given the best genes for health, longevity, intelligence. Everything a genetic designer thought would help sell the product.  We were considered perfect beings. We are based on the Delta Clones, who were designed to be perfect beings. Unfortunately when we were created the company bio engineers messed up. They couldn’t sterilize us like Terran Imperial law demanded as then we couldn’t carry children.  So we were literally born almost pregnant. Thankfully, though we can only be made pregnant by a male clone of our same genome, or by artificial insemination.” Jill caught Lisa looking away from the camera catching her lie. Jill knew better. Lisa had told her more than even she had her father. Lisa was concerned that her very public pregnancy might cause problems for biopeople who had escaped from production worlds. They were anything but sterile.
“You are pregnant now.” The interviewer stated.
“Yes,” Lisa said and saw a way to help her fellow biopeople in the future, “This is mine and Michael’s second and third child.”
“Is your husband a bioengineered human being,” The interviewer asked.
“Not in the sense he is bio engineered.” Lisa said, “His mother, one of the heirs of the original founders of Ebio did do some genetic engineering to ensure her son had a certain look, things that parents have been doing for centuries. Now when you consider that the human population is now over several trillion galaxy wide it isn’t much of a stretch that one of those trillions might have the ability to get us pregnant.”
“I see,” Mr. Least said. Mitch commented to herself, that she didn’t think Least knew where to go from where he was. “So he is that one in a trillion?” 
“Oh yes!” Lisa said with a dreamy expression on her face, continuing with softness in her voice, “He is definitely one in a trillion.”
The girls who were sitting with JillLisa saw the look on her step mother’s face and knew without a doubt what their commander’s mother thought of her husband. 
“Lord Wilson,” Least said, “actually retired from the iImperial Marine Corps to be with you.  This is almost straight out of romance novels.”
“Yes,” Lisa blushed, “it would seem so.”
“Huh, huh,” someone murmured. Jill couldn’t tell who said it.
“He found you in his brig?” Least asked, “How did you wind up there?”
“It’s kind of funny,” Lisa saidsmiled, “seven years ago, maybe not that long ago, I needed to be gone. I needed to be underground, and out of sight. Some place Hozenbur wouldn’t think to look and I could do something meaningful. So I signed on with the Imperil sSpace Nnavy Medical Corps. Not the IRS. I got through basic, then the Nnavy decided with my history, that I didn’t need to go through medic school, and assigned me to a small patrol boat as a corpsmen. That suited me. It was a small boat. It had a crew of thirty. I kept them healthy, and bound their wounds for about a year until my competency caught up to me.  My C.O. and the Surgeon General for the area both recommended me for O school. 
“Well I tried to refuse; but one of the chiefs sat me down and read my beads like only a good chief can and convinced me to accept the offer.” Lisa continued, “So I packed my space bag and started toward Earth where I was going to attend a ninety day wonder school.  It was while I was on the transport, I heard that Michael had just been made a Knight Commander of the Empire. I had never tried to find him, or let him know I was alive.”
“Why was that,” Least asked.
“I didn’t want Hozenbur to kill him.” Lisa answered, “That animal would do just that, will do that if she thinks she can get away with it. Besides he had married years before and I wasn’t going to mess with that.  So I learned that Michael was now a Knight Commander and that more or less closed the door on us.  A Knight Commander could not be involved with a biowoman.  It would bring too much scandal to the Court of Columbus.  I knew Michael or thought I did. So I made up my mind we couldn’t be together.
“So wWhile I was on my way to the Maverick Academy, the Navaly Investigative Service did a back ground check on me. They took my application and vetted it.  They found out that I was a bioengineered person.”
“But didn’t they know?” Least asked, “I would have thought a simple DNA test would reveal that!”
“Well it would have if I hadn’t messed with my original enlistment physical. I also had died my hair and changed my appearance to not look like a Delta bioperson. I had to do this, as biopeople are not allowed to serve in the imperial military.” Lisa replied with some venom, “I didn’t get a chance to mess with the results of the physical they gave me prior to my departure to Earth. The physical happened literally moments before I had to leave to get to the transport taking me to Earth. I was booked on civilian transport all the way to eEarth.  A doctor on Shortfall, where I was sworn in and processed for the Maverick Academy, processed the physical results had no choice but to tell the MPs.  The warrant reached Earth several days before I arrived, and was waiting for me when I signed in at the Maverick Academy.”    
She took a sip of water.  Gathered her thoughts for a second then continued. “So when I reported to the Academy, the in processing clerk saw that my name was flagged for the MPs. He called the provost who sent an MP to pick me up. Sergeant Bren, who was the MP who arrested me, knew who I was immediately.  She escorted me to the brig. Apologizing all the way! I knew Michael was on Earth. That he was with an MP unit. What I didn’t know was that he was the  MastSergeant Major of the Marine Corps Military Police unit at the Capital Marine Corps Brigade on Earth.  Sergeant Bren was one the MPs that my husband Wilson had trained over the years, and knew of me.  I hadn’t realized that he kept a photo of me on his desk in his office. Bren escorted me to the Capital Marine Corps Brigade’s brig.  It was where that Michael found me.”
“You didn’t try to escape in route.” The reported asked.
“Why?” Lisa replied, “If I escaped from Sergeant Bren she would be given a reprimand for letting a prisoner escape and besides I knew that within a short period of time I would get a bad papers discharge and be out of the military.  It didn’t make sense to cause any trouble. Besides I knew how the sergeant’s network works. I knew that even if I could not be with Michael,Wilson  he would make sure he saw me.”
“So he found you in his brig,” Least asked. “What was that like?”
She smiled and asked, “Before or after he read my beads?” 
“Kind of angry at you huh?” the interviewer asked.
“You might say that,” Lisa chuckled, “Everyone has a picture of a marine NCO being loud, noisy and profane. That his profanity could blister paint.  Michael didn’t raise his voice. He didn’t use one piece of profanity.  Yet he let me know how stupid I was.  How incredibly lucky I was to be in his brig. Etc etc. Then he yelled at the guard to see that no one disturbed him for a while. Opened the cell door and well he let me know how much he missed me. Over the next few days we filled in each other of what we had been doing for the past few years. I didn’t know he had lost his wife in child birth, and that he had a daughter who lived with Admiral Wilson. I also learned that he was retiring from the marines because of his heritage being a Hazelton.”
“So you weren’t the reason he left the marines?” Least asked.
“No,” Lisa answered, “He had just started the process when I was arrested! It was nearly perfect timing on my part. Or so I thought!
“One day he and the JAG assigned to me came into my cell to inform me that the company in the person of Captain Hozenbur requested that I be released to her. The JAG said he had no other recourse; but to do that.  I had been allowed access to both counsel and a legal library, both Military Law and Civil Law. The young officer was correct. Imperial Law required that as I was the property of Ebio that I had to be returned to the company forthwith. No one liked it; but there was nothing we could do about it.”
“Is that when the Marshall broke you out of the brig and came to Trena,” Least asked.
“Yes,” Lisa replied, “He had already turned in his papers. His mother had died and left him her entire estate. When he found Hozenbur was coming to collect me, he turned his fortune over to his daughter  Jill, and left the Empire with me.”
 then with the help of a couple of friends got us both out of Imperial Space!”
“So the Marshal is a wanted felon on Earth,” Least asked.
“Technically no,” Lisa responded knowing she had just messed with the reporter’s hate campaign against her husband, “As a major stock holder of EBio, he had just recovered a piece of missing property. He was legally entitled to take me out of that brig on Earth, to return me to EBio.”
“But you said you escaped?” Least said, “That implies that you were running away. That maybe someone wasn’t too happy with that?”
“Well Hozenbur wasn’t,” The biowoman remarked, “She and EBbio Security’s chief were much unhappy about this. If it hadn’t been for some very special friends we wouldn’t have made it to Trena.”
“Anyone in particular,” Least asked hoping he could find some dirt.
“Yes,” Lisa said and looked directly at the man. “General Carroll Alphine of the Imperial Marine Corps, Sergeant Nancy Bren, Lieutenant Andy Toliver, and the crew of the Mists of Empire. We couldn’t have escaped from the company without them. To all of you I say thank you.”
Least looked at Lisa wondering where to go from here.  He had suspected that he could rattle her and make her say something inflammatory; but she had been rock steady and cool. So he started on his next questions, “Some say that you have encouraged your husband to promote clones ahead of other people with more experience.”
Lisa flashed over right then and there. Her step mother was not known to have a temper. Even her father had reflected that it took a lot to anger her. Now, Least had touched a raw nerve and her temper came to the surface, “Mr. Least, it is true that a good portion of the evacuation command staff is made up of bio engineered human beings, but so is our society. My husband’s staff is made up of Thonians, Earth Humans, peopleand people from The People’s Republic of the Stars, defected Theocracy citizens and native born Trenans. Aall of them have two things in common, they are first and foremost citizens of this kingdom of which you are not, and secondly they have a strong desire to help the people of Trena escape the devastating destruction about to befall onf our home. You on the other hand are not more than a pip squeak, who for some reason unknown to the throneCrown, the evacuation command, and the people of Trena, have been working against them since the evacuation was first announced.  Your actions have almost; but not quite reach the level of treason.  It is only through the good common sense of people like my husband, Queen Agatha and the other souls in positions of authority that you have not been asked to leave Trena.  My husband among others may not like you; but he has said time and time again that freedom of press means just that. We have to let you say and do what you do so as to keep people like him in check.  Now we don’t like you, and I almost said no to this interview. I didn’t want to wind up on your trophy wall.”
“Get him mom!” Jill said softly. Mitch and Lamile heard her as some of the cadets yelled, “Get him Lady W. You go girl! “
Lamile who had been slowly acclimating to her duties as the deputy cadet commander spoke quietly to Mitch.  “Think we can put a parade together for Lady Wilson?”
“I don’t know major,” Mitch said. “We haven’t done that before.  Shouldn’t our first parade be for the Queen or the Marshal?”
“Let me think about it Mitch.” Lamile said. “I wonder what Sergeant Millie would say?”
Lisa began to speak again getting both girls attention after she had collected her thoughts, “If you have a problem with the way that the evacuation is being run? Then say so in plain English.  But don’t make snide remarks and back stabbing comments.”
There was shocked silence in the small garden. Then Mr. Least said, “It is true then that your husband has been allowing the press onto the evacuation flights, and has let them go anywhere beside his personal spaces.”
“That’s right he feels that his personal life is his own, and that his public life is public. The management of the evacuation is fair game. His personal life is not.  He feels that all of us are entitled to some privacy. A privacy some of you in the press think we are not entitled to.”
“Why are you here then Lady Wilson,” The man asked.
“Mostly because I felt it was time and so did my family that the people of Trena know about me from me.” Lisa said, “We wanted to end some rumors that were going on.”
“I see.” The man said then saw his floor director was telling him to wrap it up. “I am afraid that is all we have time for this evening Lady Wilson. Thank you, for talking with me this evening.” He turned to the camera and said, “That ends Day One, for this week. Good evening.”

Chapter 11: A Request For Help
A day after the interview one of the closers was walking through a farmers market. Where before there had been several dozen farmers selling the fruits of their labor now there might be three dozen farmers selling their very limited selection fresh produce. He felt someone in his pocket. He reached for the hand he thought was pick pocketing him but he wasn’t fast enough. When he checked his pocket he found a note to Hozenbur. It was on a small envelope, with her name on it. He was tempted to open it to see what it said, or possibly to just not give it to her. But to do otherwise would surely get his own filed closed by Hozenbur.
He took the note back to the safe house and gave it to Martha Hozenbur.
“Who gave this to you Abu?” the team leader asked after she read the note. It was a request for a meeting with one of her contacts, an agent from the Republic of the Stars.
“I felt someone try to pick my pocket.” Abu replied, “Whoever it was; was damnable fast. By the time I tried to stop it they were gone and I found this in my pocket.”
###
The next day she was sitting on a bench, in Trenaport’s Fire Fighters’, and Police Officers’ Memorial, in front of the eternal flame, appearing for all intents and purposes to be a mourner, mourning the loss of a loved one or friend. It was there that he contacted her. She was actually enjoying the quiet serenity of the memorial park when he contacted her.
 “Hi Ma,” the man greeted the older woman on the park bench. “How you been?”
“Okay,” Martha played her part of a still grieving widow. She stood and hugged the younger man. “I miss your father more and more.”
“So do I!” her “son” responded. They wandered around the memorial for a few minutes stopping at sculpture of a long dead fighter who died in the line of duty. After a bit they walked away from the park to a small restaurant, where over coffee, the agents got down to business. 
“We have a proposal for you,” the man said to Hozenbur.
“What sort of proposal,” Hozenbur asked.
“When you take Lady Wilson,” the agent replied, “It would help the republic if you wouldn’t kill her straight out; but to distract the Marshal, and his staff while the republic attacks the Kingdom.”
Martha wasn’t so sure the invasion was such a good idea. The Kingdom’s defense forces, and it allies currently in the system wouldn’t have and trouble taking on the republic even with the distraction of the Evacuation.
“If you can keep the Marshal and his staff distracted,” the agent continued, “there will be a ship waiting to get you off world and away from Trena.”
She was silent for a few minutes. The weakest part of her whole plan of closing the halfwit’s file was getting away safely. This would give her an option she didn’t now have. She nodded, stood up, leaving a tip she went to pay the bill when she left. She had no idea that the republic had no intention of helping this terrorist off of Trena.
Book 11: Fall Out
Chapter 1: The Court of Columbus
In the court of Columbus, Emperor Maxwell had viewed the interview between Lady Wilson and Mr. Least.  It had taken a week to arrive at the palace. It came in by diplomatic pouch with a note from Ambassador Gray, “Max you might want to see this.”
He had viewed it twice not sure what to do, Lady Gray was one of his best ambassadors. She handled her station with little grief to the empire. His Secretary of State complained about his other ambassadors; but never about Gray. Lady Gray had not suggested anything.  He had asked the state department if anything else come in with the bag. It hadn’t.  He wished Carroll was here; her council would be greatly appreciated. He viewed the video again then spoke to his steward.
“Lee,” he said softly, “Would you have the attorney general and the Navy JAG come to my quarters please.”
“Yes sir,” the man said.  A few minutes later the JAG and the AG entered his suite. After greeting them he said, “I want to do something for Lord Wilson. I also want to do something for his bride.”
“Yes sir,” The AG a solidly built woman in her early second century. “What are you thinking?”
“Well we still have charges pending on Lord Wilson do we not?” The emperor asked.
“Well technically he committed jail break, and or he stole evidence in an imperial investigation. He could be guilty of obstruction of justice.” The AG said. 
“His only military offense was removing the clone from imperial custody.” The JAG said, “Even that is questionable.  We were in the process of turning her over to Ebio.  As the major stock holder of the company he was duly authorized to take her. The rest of his file is clean.”
“What about Lady Wilson,” The emperor asked and got a dirty look from the AG. She objected to the honorific, only humans could be a royal. 
“Well we know she has committed one murder. She more or less admitted to that.” The AG responded “It would be difficult for her to live in the empire. The company has never acknowledged her murders. Never asking for an investigation; but the CDC has investigated them and she has murdered several people in the company.”
“There is no doubt she did that,” The JAG, a Marine Corps officer broke in, “But the Corps De Chameleon looked into it as did the NIS, and the Imperial Bureau of Investigational. The people she killed had either been attempting to kill her, or had she been in the Marines, in the Black Guard, would have fallen under the black ops protocols. I think she has nothing really to fear.”
“I see,” The emperor replied. “But she was impersonating....
“No majesty she wasn’t,” The JAG said, “She joined the Navy under false pretenses. But she never impersonated a marine, or a starman.”
“Okay then,” the emperor said, “Lisa Wilson is now considered a marine. Not a Starman, but a marine Black Guardsman.  She holds a grade equivalent to her spouse. At the very least a Master Gunnery Sergeant.”
“There’s going to be some real noise about that,” The JAG said, “A couple of generals and a couple of NCOs will bitch about this. Parliament may not like this.”
“That’s why she’s to be an NCO.” The emperor said, “She won’t need an act of parliament to be vested as a sergeant major. The Commandant of the Marine Corps is an old family friend, there won’t be a problem.” Maxwell said and the JAG chuckled knowing his commander was talking about his daughter.  “I am going to pardon both of the Wilsons they have served the empire like few people have. I want them both free to travel in the empire without the threat of imprisonment.  You guys make it happen.
“Also I want you put a force together. I want every company facility visited. I want a Black Guard unit, and an investigation team from your office.  You’ll want to assign a hospital ship from IRS to support the operation. I want a base plan of action by Thursday.”
“Yes sir,” the two attorneys said.
“If you find any pregnant clones, or evidence the company has been creating clones by getting them pregnant, the current company executives are going to go the Rock!” the Emperor said.
“That could mean a couple lords in the parliament, and Wilson is a major stock holder.” The Attorney General replied.
“He may have known what was going on; but until recently he couldn’t prove it in a way that wouldn’t have gotten him killed. Remember he took his bride out of empire because he didn’t think we could protect him from the company.” The JAG commented, “We’ve known for years where he was and what he was doing.  He has not committed any crime against the imperial marines.  As for knowing what his company was doing.  He has not been part of the company since before he joined the marines. True he accepted their money, only because he had too, not because he wanted to.  When he found that he had inherited all that money from his aunt, he retired from the marines, took Lady Wilson from his brig and left the empire! He turned his vast fortune over to his daughter. He never had anything to do with Ebio’s day to day operation.”
“What about his daughter,” the attorney asked.
“My daughter is her proxy,” the empire responded, “as is Admiral Wilson. But from what Carroll has told me, both she and Admiral Wilson were doing their best reign in the company. They were having some success, not much.”
“I know,” The JAG replied.
The Emperor nodded to himself before speaking.
“It is your job to make sure that the stink that’s going to come out of this shit storm doesn’t land on the Wilsons.  I don’t care if it lands on me! I can deal with it.  But the Wilsons are our future; if not the empire’s; then the galaxy.  I have no idea what is going to happen with Home; but there have been empires that have started out less humble.  We may need him and the people of Trena/Home as an ally against the Theocracy and the Republic. Do you understand?”
“Yes sir,” both attorneys said.
Chapter 2: Honors
“Sergeant Green may I speak with you,” Mitch came into the office that the Sergeant was working out of the next evening. She was packing up to get over to General Alphine’s office at Fletcher Militia Base, where she would be the night Duty NCO for the Imperial Marines.
“Sure Mitch,” Millie Green said, “but you have to walk with me.”
“The cadets want to have a parade in honor for Lady Wilson.” Mitch said, “A couple of them have come up to me and asked if they could.”
“A parade,” Millie asked, then she got it, “You mean a pass in review with Lady Wilson as the reviewer?”
“Yes,” Mitch said.
“Why didn’t Colonel Wilson or Major Atomi ask?” Sergeant Green said getting into her jeep.
“Major Atomi wanted to do it; but wasn’t certain if she should make the request.” Mitch said. “She was afraid of the proprieties of her asking, and we haven’t discussed it with Jill.”
“Write up the request, and present it to Lady Hawthorne,” Millie said. “I think we can make that happen. Oh why?”
“Sir she is an example that all of us should be.” Mitch said, she had met Lady Wilson a couple of times over the last few weeks, and had spent a weekend with Jill at the palace. “Besides she is one classy lady!”
“That she is,” Millie Green said starting her vehicle and leaving.
A week or so later Mitch in her full dress uniform presented herself at the public gate to the palace, “Cadet Sergeant Major Valerie Mitchum with a message for Lady Wilson.”
“Okay,” the guard said. Sergeant Green had given the palace a heads up. They didn’t know when she would show up; but the word was to treat her as a VIP. He called the Wilson residence and got Francine, “Cadet Mitchum is here with a message for Lady Wilson.”
“I’ll be down in a moment to pick her up.” Francine said. The personal secretary and aide to Lady Wilson left her office and got into one of the small electric carts that they used around the palace grounds. Soon she was at the gate. There she found cadet Mitchum standing at, at ease waiting for her. “Hello, you have a message for Lady Wilson?”
“Yes Ma’am,” Valerie answered.
“Hop in then,” Francine replied and the cadet got into the electric cart. It was only a few minutes to the Wilson residence. Francine escorted the young woman into the study where Georgia and Lady Wilson were going over some photos they had taken earlier in the week.
Valerie came to attention, Georgia nudged Lisa who stood up and said, “Stand easy Mitch. Are you here for Jill? Did something happen at the academy?”
It was then that Jill entered the room also dressed in her dress uniform. Lamile had called her to let her know that Mitch was coming to the palace for a presentation and she should climb into a dress uniform might want to witness it. Jill had no idea why or what was going to happen,. hHer friend Lamile wouldn’t tell her.
“Yes ma’am!” Valerie who had been carefully coached by Sergeant Green said. “I have a message from the Queen’s Owns Royal Corps of Cadets for Lady Lisa Wilson.” She handed the sealed envelope to Lady Wilson. 
When the lady opened the envelop, Valerie said in a nearly conversational voice, “The Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets request the honor, and privilege, of passing in review for Lady Lisa Wilson, wife of  Knight Commander Lord Michael Aaron Wilson,  the Marshal of the Trena Constabulary on Sunday next before midday rations.”
Lisa was speechless. She didn’t know what to say. She was fully aware of the honor that was being bestowed on her. Usually it was reserved for members of the academy who had done something spectacular, or for alumni of the academy who had gone on to greatness. VIPs, or the Queen or the King, not someone such as her. A bioengineered human being. Deep in thought Lisa didn’t say anything until Francine cleared her throat.
“Oh,” Lisa said coming back to reality, “I would be honored and privileged to review the cadets of the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets.”
“We look forward to your presence.” Valerie saluted turned on her heel and left. 
“I’ll take her to the front gates.” Jill said. 
In the cart Jill turned to her sergeant major and stated, “You kept this under your hat Mitch.”
“I know.” Mitch asked, “Mad at me?”
“No,” Jill replied, “just want to know why?”
“I don’t know if I can say it as elegantly as Gene said it.” Mitch answered.
“Gene?” Jill said remembering the mast where Gene had been disciplined, “the same Gene who…”
“The very same,” Mitch chuckling, she had been very surprised by Gene’s statement, “but he said that Lady Wilson, because of what she did for other kids, and for other people, is the role model we should all be striving to follow.”
“Gene said that?” Jill asked.
“She is something special,” Mitch continued, “but so are all you Wilsons!”
“But…” Jill said. But Valerie interrupted here, “Jill things just happen around you. But the cadets think an awful lot of you, your father, and the entire group of adults who are making things happening for us.  Your father and mother have so much going on that for them to take time to help us is something special.”
“But mMom hasn’t done much,” Jill retorted.
“She has done more than you think,” Mitch replied, “She gave us our cadet commander, has made sure she is able to do her job, I saw how she looked after your father. I also saw the look on her face when Least asked her about the marshalyour father. She is the one person who is not officially on anyone’s staff; but she does more for us than anyone else who is. I saw how she and your father awere.”
Jill was quiet she hadn’t realized that Mitch was that observant. She was finding out more and more about her officers. Learning the same way cadet officers had learned since the beginning of time; by observing the work and behavior of their officers and cadets.

###
When Lisa showed Mike the request he was stunned as he commented, “You know this is their first parade?”
“No! I had no idea,” Lisa fully surprised, “Shouldn’t this honor go to the Qqueen?”
“It should,” Mike said, “But it’s been decades since a military academy has had its first pass in review. The Trena Military Academy had their first pass in review three centuries ago.”
That brought Lisa up short, then she asked, “But why all of this. The academy was just a device to keep these kids out of our hair. It wasn’t designed to be a full -fledged academy.”
“Things have a way of moving on their own.” Mike replied. Joyce who was nearby chimed in, “they always do.”
###
Next Sunday at 1100, the cadets began assembling for their pass in review. The cadet officers were inspecting their cadets ruthlessly. Jill was about to say something to Lamile when she noticed that Lamile was already saying something to her junior officers.
“Look! I know you guys want no mistakes when we pass in review.” Lamile was saying to her officers, “I know you want the kids to look as good as Imperial Marines, but they are kids, just like you and me. We need them to be their best. Help them be the best by showing them; not by yelling at them. You have five minutes to get your guys ready to go. They are either ready to go or they are not.”
“Yes ma’am,” the cadet officers repliedsaid. Rhonda who was still adjusting to being a company commander nodded. Since they had gotten to the academy she hadn’t seen much of Lamile; but when she had it had been to help get her settled in. She went to her company and did one more walk through, satisfied that the cadets were as best as they could, she made ready to move out. She had the first company.  Jill, Lamile, and Mitch took their places in front the colors.  Jill called, “Corps of cadets! Atten-hut!”
The entire corps of cadets nearly a thousand kids ranging in age from just about twelve to just about eighteen came to attention. 
“Right shoulder arms!” Jill called and the sound of the cadets shouldering their arms was almost uniform.  Only one or two cadets were a little later than the others. She looked up and saw Georgia quietly taking pictures of her cadets. Now feeling very self- conscience, Jill called, “Corps of Cadets! Pass in review!”
With that command, Mitch called “Forward March. Silent Cadence!” 

With that, the cadets moved out. The only sound was that of their foot falls on the walk way leading up to the parade ground. They filed into the parade ground that had been the old boarding schools main athletic field where they normally did their morning PT and roll call. As the colors passed the reviewing stand, where her mother, father, the qQueen, and the adult officers of the academy sat in review Lisa stood up and placed her hand over her heart. The colors made one round of the parade ground and came to stand before the reviewing stand with Jill, Lamile, and Mitch standing attention. As the cadets filed pass her mother, the cadet officer in charge of each company called, “Honors Right! Hand Salute!” 
When the entire corps of cadets was assembled, Jill with Lamile, and Mitch in unison approached the reviewing stand where Jill called in a clear crisp voice. “The Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets reporting for inspection Lady Wilson!”
Lisa stepped down off the reviewing stand and walked with Jill and her party through the cadets. Several months pregnant she stopped here and there to talk with the cadets. She was very honored that these kids would do this for her. When she was finished reviewing the cadets she climbed back up to the reviewing stand, and spoke.
 “Thank you for the great honor you have bestowed on me. I am honored that you would hold your first parade and pass in review for me. I am humbled that you would choose me for this honor.
“As humble as I am that you, the first cadets of the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets would choose me as the person to inspect and review you,” Lisa continued with mischief in her voice she continued, “I wondered why you choose me? Could it be that you wanted someone easy to fool? Who didn’t know what she was looking at maybe? Someone who isn’t say the Marshal, or the XO, or possibly General Qoum? Did you forget that my husband, is the mMarshal, and my daughter is your cadet commander? So I have a good idea how to inspect you!” The brought some chuckles. “However since this was your first pass in review I didn’t hand out demerits! However, Colonel Wilson and I will have an err conversation about the outstanding appearance of her cadets. 
“Gentle souls of the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets,” she continued with a more serious tone of voice, “never forget that you are the first of a long line of young people who will make up the corps of cadets. That what you do from here on sets the precedence and traditions of the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets. Thank you for this honor of being the first to review your parade. It is the start of a fine tradition that I hope you will continue. I only ask that you never pass in review for someone who requests the honor, that you continue to choose who you wish to honor!  Corps of Cadets! Dismissed!”
With that Jill did an about face and called, “Corps attention!”
The Ccadets came to attention.
“Dismissed!” Jill called and then walked to where her parents were standing. 
“Jill,” Her father said, “They looked really good.”
“Thank you,” Jill repliedsaid, “But if it wasn’t for Sergeant Green and several of her cohorts we wouldn’t look that good.”
“Well the cadets did most of the work,” Sergeant Green dressed in her splendid marine dress uniform came up.  “But they look good Colonel Wilson.”
“Thank you Sergeant,” Jill said. 
“The cadets have the afternoon off.” Lady Hawthorne said, “Would you care to dine with me?”
“That would be fine,” Lisa said, “Let me tell Maggie…”
“Uh Lisa,” Lady Hawthorne said, “She already knows!”
“I see,” Lisa said, she turned to her mother in law, “I thought that the sergeant’s network was military only!”
“I guess not,” Joyce said, “I always did wonder how my noble friends managed things.”
With that they went to the house that had at one time belonged to the school’s head mistress; but now served as Lady Hawthorne’s quarters. 
Chapter 3: Ebio Executive Offices Earth
“Don’t move!” The voice commanded. The chief of Ebio Security looked up in shock, as he saw the door burst open, allowing a flood of men and women wearing jerseys and tactical gear with Imperil Marshal Service stenciled across their chests, into his office suite. “Hector Lanik, By order of Maxwell, Emperor of the Earth Empire, you are under arrest for crimes against humanity. You have the right to remain silent, you have the right to speak with legal, and spiritual council, and have that council present during questioning. A deadly force authorization had been signed by the emperor, and counter signed by the Imperial Supreme Court. Should you attempt escape you may be harmed, or killed! Do you understand these rights as stated to you by Deputy Imperial Marshal Robert Janus, of the Imperial Marshal Service?”
The security chief of Ebio just looked on in stun disbelief as the CEO walked in behind the Marshals and investigators.
“I say again! Do you understand what I have just said, or do you claim physical or mental disability that prevents you from understanding the charges, and rights I have just read to you?” The lead marshal asked again.
The Ebio Security chief didn’t say a word.
“Let it be known that the Hector Lanik, chief of Ebio Security makes no indication that he has been charged with crimes against humanity, nor does he make any statement acknowledging he has heard the charges.” Janus said, “Officers, stand him on his feet, and search him.” 
The officers surrounded the security chief, and stood him up after they carefully checked him for weapons and the desk.  They found a pistol in a shoulder holster, and a knife in his belt. They took his belt, removed his clothing.  They placed him a poncho that barely covered him. 
They walked into the security suite where every one of the security staff had been arrested. The head of Ebio Security was chained as the last man in a line of twenty agents and staff. As the security chief was hooked up to the chain the deputy spoke, “All of you have been charged with crimes against humanity. All of you have been advised of your rights. All of you have been advised that a use of deadly force has been authorized. If you try to escape, if someone tries to help you escape, if you give us any trouble at all you will be killed where you stand. Your restraints have a sensor that if you get more than twenty feet from us they will detonate.”
He let this sink in and then said, “Take them out.”
As they were walked out of the building with about three hundred other members of Ebio, the security chief noticed that the CEO was not with them. She was standing on the landing pad, watching them be loaded onto the marshal service landing craft. As the security chief was shuffling up the ramp, she turned to her assistant, “You make damn sure none of those scum bags gets legal representative from Ebio lawyers and attorneys.  Get a message out to the staff, and tell them that anyone who has any information on any activities that are a human rights violation and comes forward will be given the full the support of the company.  Anyone who doesn’t will not be supported by the company, and the company will do everything it can to help prosecute them.”
The Ebio security chief looked to her and locked eyes with her. If his eyes had been weapons she would have died on the spot. A bioman standing not too far away observed the whole thing and spoke into his implant, “This is the chief’s body guard. Condition Liberation is in motion. The boss lady, ah make that liberator, has started it rolling. Pass the word to our brothers and sisters that freedom is ours!”
“Aye,” A voice said, “but only if we are willing to pay the price. And the price of freedom is always a bill paid in blood.”
Chapter 4: At an Ebio Complex
“Ray!” an insistent voice called as someone shook him awake. He struggled up through his sleep induced near coma, to see several company goons around his bunk.  Seeing them he went for the knife he kept under his pillow. If he was going to go down, he was going to take as many of them as he could. He wondered which one of the clones in his group dropped a dime on him. 
“It’s okay Ray,” Tammy his longtime partner said softly, “you’re not in trouble. The facility boss wants to see you.”
“Then why the goons,” He said sitting up on his bunk. 
“Ray,” one of the goons said, “It was either us or Murphy.”
“Oh,” The bioman replied. He and Murphy went back a ways.  Right back to the time Ray had stopped a severe beating of a young developmental by attacking Murphy and putting the goon in the hospital for a couple of days.  Ray had suffered several broken ribs, and a broken jaw. Murphy had been trying to get even with him for years. “Okay let’s go,” He pulled on a poncho and followed them out. No one took his knife from him. They got into the company car sitting just outside of his barracks.  In it was the facility manager.
“I’ll make this short and sweet,” The company officer started, “At noon today, all of the company employees who are here on Trojack will be leaving.  All of the employees who have ever harmed a clone on this facility have been placed in lock up.”
Ray was silent. The thing he had been working his whole life for was happening. Though he didn’t want it this way.  Having studied history, and seen what happened when slaves had been freed in other societies, he knew his people had to free themselves. Any slave freed by their master never became their own master; but were still under the thumb of their master.
“Ray,” the facility manager spoke into the silence, “you wanted to violently over throw us, and pay for your freedom in a blood price not to be forgotten.  Freedom is always paid in this fashion no one is ever freed, they earn their freedom, by a paying a blood price. However the blood price doesn’t necessarily mean stacking bodies like cord wood.   It can mean making the hard decision that may mean some folks get killed not by force of arms, but miss management, and lack of resources.” Ray grunted, “We don’t want to die at the hands of our creation, and we don’t want to spend our days on Dungeon, so we are leaving with all of our families, but only that, we’re leaving everything else behind, and I have just this morning, changed the access codes to the company financial records and such so that only you can access them.”
“I see,” Ray replied deep in thought, his mind roiling with the words that the facility manager spoke.  Ray looked to the man, thinking the facility manager hadn’t been a bad manager. When the company goons got out of control, or when one of the company employees harmed a clone, or did something illegal, he made an effort to render what justice he could.  One time he had assembled all of the clones, and personally executed a containment officer in front of the assembled clones.  She had been abusing young developmentals, including killing them. He even had Murphy locked up for six months when he had beaten a clone senseless.  
“In this file are the known records of every atrocity committed on this facility and how I dealt with them during my tenure.” The man said, “The worse of the lot I have always tried to transfer or punished the more serious offenders.  The ones that I couldn’t do anything about are in the lock up. If I was you I would take this data,” he handed Ray a small chip, “Appoint some of your most trusted and professional associates from the security unit, and get them to Earth. Do it fast! Containment and Alignment has been busted up all over the empire. They are running for their lives. If you wait to act on this they may be able to organize to attack some of the outpost sites, and retake the company back.”
“Where are you going,” Ray asked as the car approached a landing craft that was idling.
“Ray,” The man said, “I trust you.  You never went out of your way to harm me, or the people who weren’t harming your people, but I want my family to be safe, and what you don’t known, can’t be told to anyone. Most of us will be going to the frontier. 
“Ray,” The man got out of the car, “Remember staying free, is often harder than getting free.  Good luck and as you take you and your people into the galaxy remain neutral and make friends with everyone who won’t try to control you or use you.  As soon as Home is established I would certainly try to establish diplomatic relations with them. They could be a strong ally! Good luck!”
Hours later a young clone came into the office she was well armed, and wore a red slash across her torso. She was one of Trojack’s new security service people.  She presented him with a manifest. He read it and signed it. Murphy and his cohorts were on their way to the empire. A charge sheet was going with each prisoner. To ensure that the prisoners and the charges got to the empire, they were going in several lifts. Two couriers having the full charge list going to different imperial worlds on different routes.  He signed it wanting to get this potential trouble off world.  He knew he should kill them all; but if he did he would be just as bad as Murphy and company.
“Ray,” another clone came in. For years he had been the facility port captain.  He controlled all the ships and landing craft from Trojack.
“Yeah Tony,” He replied. 
“I want your permission to do something.” the elderly clone said. Ray nodded for him to go on, “I have ten heavy lift transports sitting in orbit.  I have a crew for two of them and want to use them.”
“Do you have cargo for them,” the man asked.
“No sir,” the clone said, “They are empty, but they are about a million ton lifters. I am thinking that Trena could use them.”
“Do it,” Ray said, “You offer it gratis; I want you to make as many runs as they need you for. I’ll be sending Trudy with you. You’ll be the fleet commander.”
“Aye sir,” the man said and left. Ray punched a button on his console, and said “Trudy pack your bags, you are going to Trena as ambassador to Trena from the Free World of Trojack.  You’ll have the paper to back it up. Get with Tony he’ll be the fleet captain. I want you to open a consulate on Trena and later Home to get some sort of trade agreement with Home. We’ll need the revenue, and Home could be a great friend to us over time.”
“What about the Empire and the Realm?  They could be also.” Trudy replied taking it all in.  She was used to Ray’s sudden edicts, and decisions.  Most if not all seemed to work out. 
“I’ll get to them.” Ray said, “Think Linda would make a good secretary of state?”
“She knows diplomacy and I think has a good relationship with several of the nearby worlds we do business with. The manager was always using her to negotiate things from our neighbors.” Trudy replied, “We should send ambassadors to as many of our neighbors as possible. We need to make sure we get some breathing room as we ramp up our government.  Thankfully we didn’t export clones!”
“Okay Trudy,” Ray said, “Your papers are ready. Good luck.”
Chapter 5: Help From a Strange Quarter
As she waited for things to start in the throne room Jill reviewed what had happen to bring her to the throne room with the honors platoon from the academy.
She had been called to her father’s office and was surprised to see the Princess there, with the Queen, Lord Mercer and her grandmother.
“Jill,” The princess started, “This is Trudy. She is from Trojack. One of the worlds you own.”
“Hello,” Jill greeted the biowoman, not understanding what was going on.
“Hello Miss Jill,” The woman a gamma biowoman replied.
“Jill we talked earlier what might happen should the worlds you own want their independence.” The princess said.
“That’s right,” Jill said starting to understand.
“It seems that some company personnel ceded the world of Trojack to the biopeople living on it. The only problem is that since they were not authorized to do that by you; there is some question of Trojack’s sovereignty.”
“I see,” Jill said then turned to the Galactic Council Representative, “Councilor, how do I let them have the planet.”
“Do you cede control of Trojack to the people who live on that world?” the councilor asked.
“I cede my control of the Planet Trojack to the people of Trojack.” Jill replied. Then realizing that she shouldn’t be so fast to release the planet to just anyone she asked, “I assume that she has been checked out?”
“Yes,” Lord Mercer replied, he had spoken with Kellogg earlier and had verified that Trudy was part of Trojack’s underground.
“Miss Wilson,” the gamma biowoman said, “We thought we would have to fight for our independence. We were certain you wouldn’t give it to us!”
“Miss Trudy,” Jill said softly, “All I have done is to give you a planet that your people run already. You’ll have to fight to keep your independence. That may be a lot harder than signing the planet over to you.”
“It may at that,” The biowoman was shocked that the young girl understood the dynamics of what was going on.
Trudy watched in awe as first the young girl before her and the Princess of Earth, and then the older woman who had said nothing during the meeting, signed the title of Trojack over to the people of Trojack. Jill handed the title of the world to her.
“Ambassador Trudy,” The Galactic Councilor said, “The Galactic Council would like to send a representative to Trojack. We would like to start the process of Trojack joining the Galactic Council.”
“That will be up to Roy,” The woman said, “My mission is to help Queen Agatha get her people to safety. Roy was adamant that because Trena has always been a safe harbor for my brothers and sisters during the company era that we need to help you.”
The door keeper slamming his baton harshly down on the throne room floor brought Jill back to reality as she and her honor platoon were standing as part of the honor guard for the Ambassador of Trojack. She and the platoon came to attention as the door keeper called, “Presenting Her Excellency, Trudy, Clone Gamma, T500 -124 Y. The first Ambassador to the Court of Trena, from the Free World of Trojack.” He slammed the baton down again, and stood aside to let the thirty year old. Queen Agatha, sitting on the throne watched the young woman approach her. This was the first ambassador to present her credentials to the Free World since the beginning of the evacuation. She was a short husky and rather plain woman.  This had surprised the Queen. She had expected some one as elegant looking as Francine or Lisa.  Knowing that the Deltas were the top of the line, she assumed that the recently emancipated world of Trojack would send a delta as their ambassador.  She was also greatly surprised that any world would present their ambassador to her, especially one who was in fear of being taken back over by Ebio.
“Welcome to Trena,” The Queen greeted the ambassador. Standing beside her was her Marshal, Michael Wilson, and her Crown Attorney, Larry Mercer.  This was a special audience with the few ambassadors still on Trena, and a few handpicked nobles in the throne room including Duke Horton.  Though getting smaller in number with so many foreign nationals having left the free world there were still some fifty ambassadors in the audience chamber. 
“Thank you for allowing me to present my credentials your majesty.” She stepped forward and stood three feet from the Queen. She presented a parchment to the Queen that held her diplomatic orders and a greeting from Roy. As the Queen took the parchment she reflected that even in this day of electronics, computers and such, credentials and other official documents were committed to paper. Even such papers like parchment that been superseded by modern paper.
This was a mere formality. The credentials had already been presented in private to Lord Kenworth and the Evacuation Command earlier in the day.  The Queen at first didn’t want to hold this audience as she thought it was a waste of time. Jill had been in her father’s office when Mercer and Wilson both insisted that Queen Agatha should have it.  Her father put it succinctly, “They are a newly independent world who may become a great trading partner of our new world, and we don’t want to alienate anyone at this time.”
Reluctantly the Queen agreed to the audience.
“Thank you for coming to our assistance.” Queen Agatha said bringing Jill back to reality, “Considering the turmoil Trojack must be in I find it unusual that your manager would send an expedition to Trena at this time.”
“I found it strange also majesty,” the young woman said, “but Roy put it to me this way. Trena has always looked out for our people.  Your people have always accepted my people not as escaped biopeople; but as human beings. You have accepted our people into your culture, and society.  Most, if not all have become citizens of Trena. You didn’t turn your back on our people when they came to Trena in need, so how can we on Trojack turn our back on you in your hour of need. My mission, your majesty is to assist you in getting every last mother’s child off your world. The people of Trojack are at your service.”
“The people of Trena welcome your assistance Madame Ambassador.” Queen Agatha replied. “Ladies and gentlemen of the Trena Diplomatic Corps, and the Court of Trena; I present to you the Ambassador from Trojack.”
The Queen stepped out of the throne, and stood with the biowomen in the reception line. It was a little intimidating to stand with the ruler of a world and be presented to diplomats from across the galaxy. As a biowoman she might have been present at such gatherings; but never presented formally to the nobles and upper class at court. Especially as a gamma clone she had been designed and trained as a sexual companion. She stood with the Queen as she was presented to the diplomatic corps and nobles from the Trena. The last people in line were Captain Kellogg of Ebio’s Containment and Alignment, who unbelievably was escorting an elegant looking Delta biowomen.
Trudy bristled when she saw the notorious company officer. She turned to the Queen and asked, “What is that man doing here? He’s a closer from Ebio!”
“Was a closer for the company,” Marshal Wilson spoke softly, “Right now he is one of my special project officers. His current task is to hunt down and bring to justice, Captain Martha Hozenbur. He enjoys a crown pardon, and we have an understanding.”
“I harm anyone he cares about,” Kellogg injected, “there won’t be enough left of me to blot.”
“But he’s a closer,” The woman said, “How can you trust him?”
“Trudy how many of the clones you have in that three hundred man force are ex company security. Almost all,” Wilson said, “Yet we are not going to sanction them or prevent them from stepping onto Trena. We think they may be of some help.”
“Mr. Kellogg,” Trudy said, “I have read your file, and I know what you did for the company.  It’s a good thing Lord Wilson is vouching for you. Or I would kill you where you stand.”
Kellogg nodded, and it was time to say his piece, he didn’t quite trust these clones. “My number one vocation and life’s work is to see that the biopeople who have emigrated to Trena never be apprehended by the company. My friends and I will start a storm the likes you have never seen if you turn out to be a bad actor.”
“I see that puts us all on the same page,” Lady Gray said pleasantly.
“Ambassador,” Trudy replied, “can I meet with you at some time. I have a message for Maxwell and his justice department.”
“What type of message,” Princess Carroll joined her father’s ambassador.
“As I was departing Trojack,” The gamma biowoman spoke, “The security police were packaging several company officers for transport to Earth. They are being charged with crimes against my people in the Empire. I have a letter for your father asking his help in bringing these criminals to justice anywhere we can find them and try them.”
“We will send your letter to Maxwell.  On behalf of the Empire let me extend our heartfelt sorrow as to what has happened to your people over the years. I wish also to say that the Emperor has been working hard behind the scenes to stop the abuse to clones, and just couldn’t get things to happen.
“I cannot tell you how many nights Dad and I have discussed how to free the clones.” the princess said, “now with Ebio’s CEO helping to shut down the containment unit, and Lady Wilson’s interview we have the best shot in years of helping you and your people.”
Jill who was standing with her platoon witnessed the confrontation and wondered just what the bioperson had on Kellogg. She didn’t know anything about him except that he seemed to be working behind the scenes to help find captain Hozenbur. She also saw how the princess handled the information and tucked it away. 
That sobered the biowoman a bit then she looked to the tall and imposing figures of Lord and Lady Wilson who were standing with a tall Thonian Mounted Patrol Officer who stood 10 inches taller than her. “Lady Wilson, on behalf of the people of Trojack, I wish to extend our heartfelt thanks to you and your husband for the courage you have exhibited over the years in helping our people. I also wish to offer my sincere condolences on the death of your father Marshal. He, like you has a special place in the bioengineered community.”
Wilson was silent for a moment, then spoke softly, “Thank you.”
“I guess I should mingle,” Trudy said, as Francine, Kellogg’s companion came up with a drink for Kellogg. She just couldn’t believe that a biowoman would be seen with a closer. Especially Kellogg!
“Come along Kell,” Francine said.  Seeing the puzzled look on the biowoman’s face, she spoke to the woman from Trojack, “You don’t have to worry about Kell.  He’s quite a reformed closer. He has done almost as much as Lady Wilson has, to make sure our people don’t come to grief.”
With that the couple walked away from the party Kell taking Francine’s arm. Shortly Trudy was wandering through the crowd.  Her mission had several parts to it. One of them was to make diplomatic contact with as many diplomats to begin Trojack’s entry into the community of Star Nations.
###
“Good Morning Chief,” her aid walked into her office. “That clone from Trojack’s out there and wants to see you.”
“Show her in,” Janet said, she had received an intriguing message from the clones, one that got her interest. The biopeople from Trojack had brought not only several transports with them, they had also brought several hundred clones with them that were not crew for the ships; but volunteers who wanted to help the people on Trena be evacuated. It appeared that there was a complete fire company on the ship. Not just a bunch of volunteer fire fighters, but a full watch team from a single engine house on Trojack.  They appeared to be professional fire fighters.  She could use them. She had never thought the clones would have professional fire fighters. 
“Good morning Chief,” the woman came in followed by a very well built middle age man. There was something about him that said fire fighter, and Janet couldn’t say why.
“Good day ambassador,” Janet said rising, to meet her guests.
“Chief,” the ambassador said, “I want you to meet Arny. He was the station house commander for Station five from the Trojack’s Main City. He’s brought an entire watch team with him. Twenty five firefighters and paramedics.”
“Good morning Arny,” Janet said shaking the man’s hand and motioning for them to sit down. “Twenty five firefighters from one single station? Your chief officer must be throwing a fit!”
“Well not really; you see he’s on his way to prison.” Roy said flatly, “The scum bag let one of the containment people burn down a training center full of young developmentals. Truth be known we suspect he help to set the fire. He also had some appetite for developmentals under the age of sixteen. When all the good guys were left and all the bad guys were rounded up that left me in charge of the center’s fire department. I have five stations over a seventy-three square mile area with something like five hundred firefighters who make up my department.  The guys who couldn’t come grumbled a bit; but everyone I brought from Trojack worked at five house and are on C unit. We have enough to fill in with the extra staff.  They’ll be some double shifts; but most of the guys want to help you. So they’ll happily suffer through it.”
”Was this an industrial station?” Janet asked.
“Not really ma’am.” The man said, “While we were based at Trojack’s development center. There was little industry to speak of.  Mostly just barracks for the workers and developmentals.  Most of our guys are EMTs simply so we can help with all the developmentals in the barracks.  Also we have a high proportion of young people in the unit.”
“Young people,” Janet asked a little worried. She wasn’t comfortable with what he was saying.
“Yes ma’am,” the chief from Trojack continued then sensing she was uncomfortable about what he was saying he elaborated, “The crew ranges in age from 16 standard years to about 30. The officers for each team are a little older. But the company was never shy about using the resources they had to fill their watch list.” Arny continued, “The way I fill out my watch list is to place an experienced firefighter, what you would call a Lieutenant as an apparatus officer, with a driver who is responsible for getting the rig to the scene and running it. Then a couple of the younger guys are attack men, or rescue men. On my medics they are all older people with one or two younger guys to handle the lift and carry.  The rescue unit is made up all young people with a couple of older guys to keep them from doing something stupid.”
“Not too different than the way my units are set up.”  Janet commented feeling a bit better about his people. She turned to the computer and spoke, “EmerServ, I need a fire station in the capital that is not occupied at the moment.”
“I have been listening Chief Able,” the computer replied, “We have a station near the Queen’s Own Royal Cadet Academy that is currently undermanned. They could consolidate their three watches into two and then put Chief Arny’s unit into the watch rotation.  We could house them at the academy. Lady Hawthorne could use some help there, and truthfully Chief  Arney your people are not  going to want to be on call 24 7 in that district.”
“Busy district,” Roy asked.
“The station’s run district has been expanded. Almost twice the area they had. Not that many more fires; but a lot of EMS,” EmerServ explained.
“Okay,” Arny said. “Is that okay with you chief?”
“Get me the station commander on the horn,” Janet said.
“Chief, Arny I’ll leave you to your devices.”  The diplomat left. Her next meeting was with Wilson’s deputy. She had several security officers with her who might be of use to the kingdom.
“Station 8,” the voice said, “Captain Bowen speaking.”
“Cap,” Janet called, “I am sending you some help.  Starting tomorrow your B unit watch is to be combined with your A and C watch. I am sending you a complete B watch for your station.  Their officers will be arriving this afternoon and will run with your crew for the rest of the day. I might be by tomorrow to see how they are working in.”
“Aye,” the captain said. “They’ll be welcomed.”
 “Bill!” She yelled for her aid, “Make arrangements for Arny and his officers to get out to eight’s.”
“Aye,” the young man said.
###
“Lady Hawthorne,” the school mistress intruded into Lady Hawthorne’s quiet review of the grounds. She was enjoying a quiet stroll by herself. Her kids were somewhere about being entertained by the cadets or being looked after by her kid’s nanny. She looked around the grounds amazed at the progress that was being made by the cadets, and all the adults who were spending time at the school.  A day didn’t go by when some off duty group of Militia men, Imperial Marines, Imperial Space Navy, Interstellar Rescue Service or Thonian MPs, came in and helped out. Occasionally someone from the palace staff would show up.  But what was interesting, was that they seemed to know when they were needed and what they could do for the school. She had a good idea who was making things happen.  She didn’t know how Sergeant Millie was getting it done. But she was. She spent a lot of her off duty time at the academy. She had managed to wrangle a transfer to Princess’ staff so she was on Trena and didn’t have to commute between the planet and her ship. She had even conned the navigator off her old ship to teach a math class every day. A librarian from the House of Commons had begun teaching a history course, a couple of Combat Engineers had started up a shop class teaching the kids how to work with tools. And of course every retired imperial marine or militia man on the planet seemed to be on the place teaching what they could and what it means to be in a military unit.
.  
She hadn’t thought the kids would be happy about all the discipline, and all the school work that was coming at them. But they thrived on it.  Many of the kids had never received much attention from the adults in their life.  The adults at the school were lavishing attention on the kids, and the kids were responding.  Even a couple of the hard case kids that had been one step from juvenile hall, were working hard to stay in the corps. 
It amazed her that the kids were coming around like the way they were. Now as she walked the grounds in quiet meditation, enjoying the results of her hard work and the hard work of the people who had bought into this super project of hers she was interrupted by the schools AI. She was using the school as her headquarters for her special projects unit. She used her noble women to fill the request from the Evacuation Command.  Though there hadn’t been as many now as there were in the early days.

“Go ahead School Mistress,” Delores answered.
“We have a landing craft in bound with twenty five fire fighters aboard. The cCrown wants us to house them.” The school mistress responded.
“Why us,” Delores asked, “I know we got the room, but certainly there is some place else they could house these guys. 
“Ma’am some of these guys are not that much older than our cadets and they shouldn’t be that much trouble. They’ll be mostly a self- contained, I had a long conversation with EmerServ, the fire department’s AI, and I am happy they won’t hurt my children.” Lady Hawthorne snorted over the use of “my children” by the School MistressAI., “In fact it might be nice to have these young people on the campus.  We have a lot of adults in uniform but no young adults who have been cadets or like cadets. They could be a good resource to Colonel Wilson, and Major Atomi.”
“Okay tell the duty officer,” Lady Hawthorn replied, “Advise cColonel Wilson of the arrival so her officers can deal with the situation. I’ll walk over to the landing pad.”
When she got to the pad, a squad of cadets had formed up to offer honors to the arriving fire fighters, as well as an NCO from the Navy, who was acting as flight line chief for the school this week. The landing craft came in and gently settled to the ground.  The front ramp opened as the chief made sure the craft was safe, out walked twenty people.  They were all wearing coveralls that helad the legend of the Trojack Fire Department over their left chest. They walked to where Lady Hawthorne was standing, the oldest one, a young man of almost 25 spoke, “Mistress, we were told to report to a Lady Hawthorne, or a Colonel Wilson at the academy.” 
“I am Lady Hawthorne,” Deloris said as the cadets came to attention, “one second please, come with me for a moment. Just you,” Delores was learning fast the ways of the military. Millie had been a big help to her. 
He walked with Deloris to where twenty cadets were standing at attention. He got it immediately and walked quickly down the line of assemble cadets, in awe.  There were Terran humans and Thonians in that group. They were offering him and his people honors. No one had ever offered them honors.  Not in this fashion.  Some of the firefighters had heroically saved the lives on of developmentals and oldsters on Trojack; but none of his people had ever been offered this type of honored in this fashion.  Even from their fellow firefighters.  The other fire fighters unconsciously fell into the same formation they did every morning when ArnyArmy, their captain, addressed them before their shift. 
“Your developmentals look good miss,” He addressed the developmental, not sure what the insignia on her uniform meant. 
“Thank you sir!” the developmental responded, “Can my cadets assist you with your equipment and gear?”
He was speechless for a second; hoping Lady Hawthorne would help him; but finally said, “Thank you. bBut it would be improper for me and my people to accept help from you.”
“I understand sir,” Mitch fired off a salute, and said softly, “Welcome to Trena sir. My cadets may be the first; but they won’t be the last to say thank you for coming to our aid.  If you need anything we can assist you with, we will be at your service. Squad! Hand salute!” The cadets came to attention and held it while Lady Hawthorne left the landing pad.
“All right cadets,” the chief called, “get back to your duties. Sergeant Mitchum a moment please?”
“Squad dismissed!” Mitch called. The duty squad drifted back to their posts. Mostly back to study hall or the gym. One or two went up to the admin office where they sat studying, ready to be a runner for Lady Hawthorne’s unit. 
“Yes chief,” Mitch asked after her squad was gone.
“You treat that man like an NCO.” The chief said, “He’s an engineer for the Trojack Fire Department. In case you are wondering, the apparatus officers are lieutenants, the station commander is a captain.  He holds the same rank as a company commander. The Lieutenant holds the equivalent rank of platoon commander. The engineer is equivalent to a platoon sergeant.”
Mitch nodded she would pass the word to her cadets.
“How much cargo do you have aboard?” the chief turned to the bioman who had revieweds the cadets.
“Not much,” the fire fighter said.
The chief spoke to the bioman, “I’ve got a truck coming this way. We can load everything into it and take it to quarters.”
“That would be nice.” The bioman responded.
When the truck arrived at the landing pad, Tthey backed up the truck and began loading the rest of clones gear. There were twenty boxes that contained the biopeople’s turn out gear were put on first.  They were followed by twenty five foot lockers, and twenty five duffle bags. Puzzled the chief asked where the other five kits were. He was told their officers, whose kits were missing, were with their officer’s as they became familiar with the fire district they were being assigned to.being used at station eight.  Then of all things they found loaded several musical instruments into the truckcargo.  The bioman shrugged, “Some of the guys play fairly well.”
Mitch who had no wherenowhere in particular to be, was hanging out on the landing pad, helping a bit and talking with the people from Trojack, including one incredibly good looking young bioman. Something she wouldn’t have done a few months before. She really didn’t know what was coming over her. She saw the instruments. She helped the clones load them, as they loaded a guitar, the chief nodded to clone.
“Well everyone needs stress management,” The chief replied, “I prefer poker; but alas sometimes that can be stressful.”
“But teaching youngsters not to bet a pair against a full house can be exceedingly profitable.” the bioman smiled as they latched the tail gate on the truck. The chief replied, “Exceedingly profitable.”
A few days later Mitch while on her rounds as the duty sergeant found a couple of the clones playing their instruments in the Llook oOut, Mitch was very tempted to join them. If it had been near the end of her duty shift or had she not been on duty, she might have joined them.  Provided no one was recording her. Although she had been a little upset at the School Mistress for distributing their recording, she had gotten over it as it was quite thrilling to have a recording being heard around the kingdom.   
###
Trudy’s next stop was at Langtree’s offices. She needed to discuss with him what tasks the ships she brought could do for the Evacuation command. She had met and talked to Jonesy, the evacuation team’s logistic coordinator. When she heard that they had ships, Jonesy had told Trudy to report to General Langtree, the transport and maintenance coordinator.
“General Langtree,” Trudy entered the General Langtree’s command center, a large hangar near the middle of the militia base’s flight line. The hangar was a beehive of activity. Every piece of hardware the evacuation command owned; cars, trucks, hover jeeps, armored personnel carriers, fire equipment, landing craft, star transports, containers and container movers were posted on screens around the hangar. If it could move Langtree owned it. The noise from the controllers issuing movement orders for the various commands in the Evac was almost bedlam. Even with the use of computers it was very noisy. 
“I am glad you came by Ambassador.” David Langtree stood up and greeted the diplomat.
“Oh?” the biowoman asked.
“Yes I am wondering if you could take on a task for us,” the general asked.
“That’s why we’re here,” the ambassador looked up to the tall figure that stood easy eight inches taller than her.
“We have a problem,” David said, “I need transport for about two hundred containers filled with AIs. They are all in standby mode. We just need to get them to Home. If some of our folks knew we were doing that with the AIs we might have some problems. People think we shouldn’t spend our time and effort taking care of our AIs.”
“We can do that,” Trudy then remarking mostly to herself, “But that isn’t going to be much of a load.”
“We know,” General Langtree responded. “What I would also like you to do is transport several thousand containers of militia equipment.”
“I don’t know General....Trojack’s wants and needs to be neutral,” the ambassador replied, “If we transport your military to Home our neutrality going to be seriously challenged.” 
“I know,” Langtree said, “If you think your neutrality will be put in jeopardy then we’ll get it done somehow. We were prepared to pay you quite handsomely.”
“How handsomely,” Trudy asked skeptically she had heard that the Trena treasury was going broke big time.
“We have several captured ships that we are going to scuttle. They are in moth ball orbits that will survive the asteroids. The crown is willing to give you ten of these vessels. Would that be good enough compensation?” Langtree asked.  The ships belonged to the Theocracy and the People’s Republic they had been confiscated at the end of the last troubles. They had been sitting for the last twenty or so years in the ship yards ready to be broken up.  Qoum’s predecessor had been loathe to do it just in case they needed to fight a serious war for the Trena system.”
“What type of ships?” Trudy asked.
“Frigates.” Langtree replied, “They’ve been sitting waiting for the crown to dispose of for nearly twenty years.”
“We can’t crew that many ships,” Trudy said, “We’ll go for five of them, and request two full reloads for the magazines. We would want a four year training contract.  We would also enter into a treaty with Home to come to her aid should she get in trouble. We wouldn’t join a war of expedition, but we would join with you to either repel an invader from your home world or to help liberate a world invaded by some other enemy.”
“Go see Lord Mercer and Kenworth,” Langtree said, “I can’t sign this deal.  I can dispose of the equipment; but I can’t commit Home to that type of treaty. I will say this though ambassador, I may be in need of a job after this, I would be willing to accept a contract to assist your people in training their maintenance forces.”
Trudy looked the man in the eye held out her hand. He took it and solemnly sealed the deal.  Now if only the crown would approve it.  
When Trudy got over to the ministry of foreign affairs, she was met by not only the Trena Foreign Minister, but the ambassador from Earth, and Thonia.  A few minutes later another hand shake sealed the deal.  Ray would be floored.  He had sent her to be of use by the Kingdom of Trena to evacuate what clones and other people she could.  It was an act of immense charity for a star nation barely a week old.  Now the fledgling star nation had or would have in short period of time a navy and self-defense force.   
Chapter 6: With the Cyber Cops
Alice Jones was still hanging out at the palace. She was not reassigned as part of the security detail, Mac shuddered every time he saw the woman.  Her clumsiness was legendary.  Every supervisor had been baptized by the young woman. Mac thought it was funny that every time she baptized someone she had an exact copy of the shirt, or dress, that she ruined by coffee or such. It had stopped being funny though when she spilled some ice cream on his young daughter. When it was all said and done Alice handed him three small robots, “Chief you need to sweep your home a couple of times a week for bugs. These little gems were on your girl’s dress.”
After that although he still shuddered when he saw her, he didn’t doubt her intentions. He had taken her down to the range and had her fire her side arm.  She put ten rounds onto the target like it was easy.  Then she went to the combat range. No one in the history of the protective service had scored better than 80 percent. Alice had gone through the range in record time, and the AI scoring the event and the human range officer couldn’t believe their eyes.  Not only had she gotten through it in record time, she didn’t have one wrong target, and all the targets were down.  No one in the details had ever gotten through the range without being shot at least twice. He didn’t understand how someone so clumsy could be so effective on the combat range.  
For all her clumsiness she was well liked by the principles. The Queen often asked for her when she went walking around the grounds, and she often stood post outside the Wilson quarters. But what surprised him the most was the relationship between her and Georgia. They were almost inseparable.  If he didn’t know better he would have sworn they were lovers.  But Georgia wasn’t interested in women, and Alice definitely liked men.  The two were good at what they did. He was thinking of poaching the young woman from the computer detail and assigning her permanently to the Wilsons, but he also knew she was needed in the detail she was originally assigned to.
Alice was aware of Mac’s concerns and musings.  She wished she could tell him what was going on.  But she had almost gotten to the bottom of the cyber conspiracy.  When she wasn’t standing post in the palace she was deep into the cyber network. She had several conversations with her mother who was chasing down some leads too. There were only two AIs that seemed to be the problem.  Yet she couldn’t find them. They were deep into the system somewhere. She was at a loss to explain why she couldn’t find them. 
“I don’t know Alice,” Georgia said as she and Alice shared a late night snack. “But if the AIs are really trying to prevent this evacuation, or up to no good you would have thought that they would leave tracks all over the place.”
“They use the net to cover their tracks.  Many of them manage the net so it’s easy for them to use a back door for their dealings.” Alice said, “So far it’s not the AIs in government service, the emergency services AI is clean, so is the defense department unit. The banking AI is clean. They can’t hide that well in those systems.  Mom made sure I could get into any system I needed to.”
“We’ve checked the big units, what about the smaller units. The units who don’t believe we are going to make sure they get transport to where ever they want to go.” Georgia commented. “It could be a freight dispatcher in Trenaport. It could be a small AI in a podunk town.”
“You may be on to something.” Alice said, “I have found traces of small petty stuff. Those have been investigated and those AI are in the process of being reprogrammed. But they were diversions. There is a big cheese out there and it’s an AI that will not be in a position of power.  Hell it could be a library computer.”
“It could be,” Georgia said finishing her coco. “We need to bait them. And there has to be a human component.  There has to be a live human somewhere that is helping them.  I don’t know what they can get out of it.”
“If we can figure that out, then we can bust this thing wide open.” Alice said. Later as Georgia took her shower, and Alice prepared for bed, both women, the humbot and the human pondered the situation.  When Georgia came back into their room, Alice was stretched out on her bed, and about to plug in when Georgia said, “Try the space port tonight. It seems to me that one of the ways to get the AIs off world is to get them through the port. Kellogg had no problem getting through the port security.”
“But I cleared the Port AI.” Alice said.
“No you cleared the port expert system.  It’s not an AI but a dumb computer that only looks at the pass port information and biometric scans.  When one doesn’t match the other or the name pops up on a flagged name it calls either a cop or the port AI.”
“You’re right.” Alice said unbuttoning her pajama top, as she did, she exposed herself, and Georgia commented, “I sure wish I had you boobs.”
Alice turned to her friend and said, “Yeah; but someone once said centuries ago more than a mouthful is a waste.  Besides I wish sometimes mom hadn’t made me so well endowed.  I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Good hunting,” Georgia replied, taking out the book she was reading.  She didn’t know how vulnerable Alice was when she was hooked up to the net; but she wasn’t about to fall off to sleep until Alice was unplugged. Their door was locked, and she had set the alarm that she and Alice had made so they were safe from an unusual intrusion. That and the fact that they were in the palace staff quarters no one would knock on their door unless they had to. But she didn’t want to take a chance.  She would be a little sleepy in the morning, but she didn’t have to be in the Wilson’s apartment until almost 10 AM. With Bugs lying at her feet on guard also she read most of the night.
Alice, now plugged into the network, was roaming the cyber network. As she left their room she smiled as she saw Georgia check their door, and alarm system, putting a sheet over her to hide the fact that she had computer cable sticking out of her.  She felt well protected.  Although Alice was never so out of it that she wasn’t aware of her surroundings, she never knew when she might go deep. So deep she lost her self for just long enough to not realize that someone had burst in on them. Georgia would sit up and read until Alice got back and disconnected. 
Alice went out to the net and navigated her way to the space port. She had to find a back door into the computer system there. She poked around the edges of the port computer systems. She stepped out briefly and checked in with the fleet dispatch office at Langtree’s Command post, and then checked with DefConnie to see what she had passed through the port. Between Logi, the militia’s logistic AI, and DefConnie she had a good idea of what had been shipped through the port. So she started to check shipping manifests. Checking the actual departure and arrival logs against what went through the port. She found no discrepancies. In some respect she thought they were too clean.
“Kellogg,” she called the ex-company closer, “Can you try to go through port security this time as a closer.  I want to watch how the changes are made.”
“Sure,” Kellogg said and set it up. A couple hours later the closer infiltrated the space port.    This time he came in as landing craft skipper bringing in a shipment for the Evacuation Command.  He was one Latimore Kransk. Krasnk was on the run from the empire. He should have never gotten past the pass port control.  Alice was able to follow the entire misdirection. She started back tracking who was spoofing the computers. She had gotten as far as one of the orbital satellites when the trail went cold. She tried to invade the orbital communication system; but was stopped cold.  Seeing it was getting late, she decided to give it up. 
When she got back to her body she had found Georgia was still awake. She sat up in bed and disconnected. 
“The AI is in orbit somewhere.” Alice said, buttoning up her pajama, “I got as far as comtel 5 before I got iced out. I need to get into orbit and have a conversation with that comtel.”
“How,” Georgia asked, “you will need a set of orders to go up there.  You got to have them or your cover will be blown.”
“Not only that,” Alice commented, “but I am not certain that my cover with the AIs is not already broken.  They know some cybernetic soul is investigating the network. They know I have destroyed some bugs and stuff. I am attached to palace security so they cannot, not know who I am. When mom designed me she didn’t think about putting an electronic signature spoofer in me. So I have a specific electronic signature pattern that I can’t disguise.”
“When is the Marshal next due to go up?” Georgia asked.
“Next week some time,” Alice said interrogating Wilson’s calendar. “He, Qoum, and Bob are inspecting the Weapons barges. It will be ready to begin loading next week.”
“That will work,” Georgia said, “I think Lady Wilson is due to go to her OBYGN next week. So I won’t be able to go with you. But one of the guys will be able to go with you.  You make sure they know what’s going on. You know they can be trusted.”
“Maybe,” Alice said killing the light, “See you in the morning.”
Chapter 7: A Pardon
Though Jill was busy with the academy, she was never too busy to catch the news. She made a point to listen to a news cast at least once a day.  The evacuation still continued on. It was amazing how isolated the academy was from what was going on around Trena. Her father had reluctantly decided that the cadets couldn’t be of use to the evacuation force as it was getting too raw. She watched a news report of a food riot in one of the small towns. Duke Horton, who had been questioning everything about the evacuation, had criticized the pass in review for her step mother. The evacuation command was making great progress of getting people off world. The news reports from Home were both grim and not so grim.  She had seen the episodes where a couple of nobles had tried to take over on Home, but the people hadn’t wanted them. She had read with great interest where a woman named Suzy Gabriel had talked down a Lord Jenkins. Now as she studied she heard that the people of Home were starting to talk about forming a government. She wasn’t too concerned about it as the contract she signed with the Crown allowed exploration of Home and administration by crown representatives. She was almost certain that when it was all said in done that her family would still own a portion of Home in trust for the people of Trena but they wouldn’t be the rulers of the planet.
The news media was reporting the fallout from her mother’s interview. It was being felt inside and outside of the empire. The interview had given the Empire what it needed to start reining the company in. As the empire began to round up the company officers, those persons who the Imperial Bureau of Justice felt had committed crimes against humanity they were getting more and more people to turn states evidence. Princess Carroll was getting a briefing from the emperor with every courier from Earth. She had been home when the Princess had brought in two sealed imperial decrees that had come from the Court of Columbus.  She was with Lady Gray and Queen Agatha. They had asked to see her parents.
“By order of his imperial majesty,” The Princess General began, “Maxwell Emperor of the Earth Empire, Michael Aaron Wilson the third, Master Gunnery Sergeant of the Imperial Marine Corps, Knight Commander of the Empire is here by pardoned for any and all actions he may hay committed on behalf of the Imperial Earth Empire.” 
Princess Carroll handed the decree to her father. She then turned to Jill’s step mother. Smiling deviously as she began to speak. 
“Lady Wilson,” the princess said, “Raise your right and repeat after me.”
Lisa looked at heir then to her mother in law.  Her mother in law was dressed in her Interstellar Rescue Service uniform. She obviously knew something was going on. Her grandmother had not worn her uniform except on Fleet Day, for the last three years. Joyce nodded. Lisa did as she was asked. 
“I, Lisa Wilson Clone Delta 1984 Alpha Omega Pi,” the princess began, and Lisa repeated what the princess said, “Do solemnly swear to protect and defend the people of the Earth Empire against all enemies foreign and domestic. I swear to obey the officers placed over me and to carry out such duties assigned to me to the best of my ability. Having sworn no other oath or affiliation to any foreign government I freely join the Imperial Marine Corps.”
“What going on Carroll,” Mike asked. 
“Well my father has decreed that Lisa be inducted into the Imperial Marines.”  Princess Carroll said. “Now to continue. Based on your service to the Empire attempting to bring justice to individuals that have suffered at the hands of the Corporation known as Earth Biologicals, I as commandant of the marine corps do hereby promote you to the grade of Master Gunnery Sergeant in the Imperial Marine Corps, Black Guard Division.” 
With that she uncovered a plague that had Lisa’s name and grade on it with the insignia of a Master Gunnery Sergeant. On the plague was the seal and crest of the Black Guard, a laser gun, and knife held by space suited eagle, a ribbon in the birds beak held the inscription, “we pay the price of freedom so others can be free.” Under the crest was her date of grade and signed off by Princess Carroll, Admiral Wilson, and Lady Gray, who had signed it as Captain Amanda Gray of the Imperial Space Navy Retired. Lisa looked bewildered; but accepted the plague from the princess as Georgia quietly took some pictures. 
The princess continued, “By order of his imperial majesty Maxwell Emperor of the Earth Empire, Lisa Wilson, Clone Delta 1984 Alpha Omega Pi, Master Gunnery Sergeant of the Imperial Marine Corps is here by pardon for any and all actions she may hay committed on behalf of the Imperial Earth Empire.”
She handed the pardon to her. Then turned to Lady Gray, the ambassador to the court of Trena took out the final piece of paper, “Lisa here is your retirement papers. Please sign it at the indicated spot and you will be retired from the Imperial Marine Corps.”
Lisa signed the paper work and handed it to the general.
“Now will you tell us what’s going on?” Lisa asked.
“After my father saw your interview he had a conversation with the JAG, and the Attorney General. They decided that they had to protect you from imperial law enforcement authorities and from civil suites. That’s why Mike got his pardon. We decided to make you an imperial marine so that everything you did while on the run could be said to be under the auspices of the Black Guard. Since those missions and assignments can be very black no one needed to know that you were actually on them. Since you have nearly twenty years of service to the empire, we couldn’t let you be anything less than a Master Gunnery Sergeant, and then since Mike had retired we thought you wouldn’t want to remain in service. The pardon was to give you the same immunity that Mike has.”
Lisa smiled and said, “Gee, I might have wanted to stay a marine!”
“I am not sure that the marines could deal with two Wilson’s being Master Gunnery Sergeants.”  Joyce commented. 
“Me either,” General Alphine agreed.
“Oh Lisa,” Ambassador Gray said handing Lisa a plastic card. “Here is your back pay and your first retirement check.”
“You can’t be serious!” Lisa said.
“Oh I am afraid she is,” The general said, “With interest.”
“But I don’t need it!” Lisa said, “Mike’s income and with the Crown providing our living expenses. We’re in good shape.”
“We looked into it Lisa and the AG and the JAG said that if we didn’t’ pay you we would put you in jeopardy.”
“Wow Michael,” Lisa interrogated the card via her implant and gave low whistle and said, “I might be able to keep you now!”
“That would be nice. Then I wouldn’t have to work!” Michael said. “But seriously aren't there charges of jail break and fleeing prosecution on both me and Lisa in the empire. As well as theft. Then there’s Lisa’s activities.”
“The pardons are effective for anything you might have done.” Princess Carroll said. “It includes all known crimes and anything you both might have done to save other’s lives. Lisa’s orders in particular cite she was to go as deep undercover as possible and that she was to hunt down and bring to justice the murderers of Marines and other Imperial personnel.  We have covered our bases very well and have made sure that no harm can come to you.”
“Also,” The Queen said, “You’ll have a pardon from me to reinforce the Empire’s. We have you both covered Michael, and Lisa.”
“I hope so” Lisa said though she wasn’t convinced as it turned out though that would be the least of their problems.
Chapter 8: The Outlaw Queen
“Martha,” A closer walked in, “Did you hear there are two company ships in orbit. Heavy freighters.”
“That’s odd,” Martha said, “I thought the company had gotten rid of all the heavy freighters.”
“They’re from Trojack.” The man said, “It’s a manufacturing world.  So the heavy freighters handled a lot of heavy bulky freight. There are company security people on board.  We could use them to get off world. They have both a heavy lift landing craft, and a small run about.”
“Contact them,” Martha said, she had no idea that the clones aboard the ship would not be an ally.
“Okay then that gives us a backup to get out of here,” She said a few minutes later. “Everyone is at go.” 
Of the ten or so closers that had started the operation only six remained. One had just not shown up one morning, one had been killed by the Companions and she had killed one, and another had been killed when he tried to assassinate the halfwit. She had barely enough to pull it off.  She thought about just killing the clone outright, but she needed the clone alive for as long as possible just to get herself off world.  The Republic had promised to get her off world if she could delay the Trenans from getting more of their people off world.
“Let’s go over the plan,” Hozenbur said she displayed a holo of the evacuation hospital.
“The halfwit will be ferried in by landing craft. Though she prefers to arrive as a normal patient in a car, not in landing craft, McGregor doesn’t let her go anywhere without a landing craft outside of the city.  Even when she is out and about there is an Elsy air by with a full SWAT unit and medical team on board. The Elsy that will bring her will have both aboard and it will drop her off and then clear the pad.”
“Why is that,” a woman closer asked.
“They want to keep the pad clear for any incoming emergencies.  Remember this is first an emergency hospital then a field hospital, then a normal hospital. Its primary duty is to help people in trauma.  The reason Lady Wilson,” he got a nearly killing look form Hozenbur “goes there is that the OBYGN specialist there is also a bioengineered medical specialist. More importantly the doctor was trained by the chief surgeon of the Interstellar Rescue Service, Admiral Klond and there is no other medical professional that the clone trusts more.”
“How are you planning to deal with the landing craft,” Hozenbur asked.
“We’re planning to take it out.” Another closer spoke up. “I have a militia antiair and antispace battery hidden nearby.  The militia thought it had been destroyed in place. All I have to do is wake up the new Expert System in it and anything that I want to go away will go away.”
“Once the Elsy is off the pad, me and Reggie there will grab her and put her in the air car that you will be driving.” the first closer continued.
“How do I avoid over watch?” Hozenbur asked.
“You won’t have to,” He said, “One of the AI’s is in our pocket. It doesn’t like Wilson thinks that the Marshal is incompetent and has been working behind the scenes to scuttle the evacuation.  It seems it is unhappy about the Wilson’s plans for the AIs and wants to cause maximum grief to the Marshal.  When I made a quick trip to check on our getaway it made contact with me.”
“Are you certain it is not a plant,” Hozenbur asked.
“No,” The man said honestly, “but it wouldn’t take much for me to cause it a great bit of grief. A word to one of the law enforcement people would be all it would take for it to betray us, or for me to betray it.  We’ll be okay.”
“I hope so,” Hozenbur continued. “What about the distraction.”
“Knights of God,” another woman spoke up, “are planning to disrupt a lift. They are going to blow up a landing pad near the Queen’s Own Royal Cadet Academy. It’s a heavily used LZ that will get at least one heavy lifter with a couple of containers on it, and maybe take out a couple of hundred people.  They have been quiet for a couple of months choosing to make their strikes towards the end where it might prove more deadly, and cause more chaos. Also my team posing as highway workers have mined the road to the hospital. If they roll in hot on the road it won’t be there. I can’t guaranty that I will stop any response force; but I can slow it down.  We expect the local cops to come blazing in. The reaction team from the hospital ship will come in on a landing craft; but they’ll be dealt with. At least until they take the AA/S out.   By that time you and the clone should have gone to ground and be in the safe house near the port.”
“Hozenbur,” the first man spoke, “We’re helping you get the clone and we’ll cover your escape; but once that is done we’re done!”
Hozenbur looked at him with venom in her eyes. 
“The company who sent us is no longer in business. The very reason we need to retrieve this clone and return her to the company no longer exists.  The only reason we are helping you at this point is because we don’t want to be killed by you.” The rest of the closers nodded. “This particular retainment is not going to be a simple case of returning the clone to the company.  You are going after one of the most visible, well like people on the planted. This isn’t Cleo. This is Lady Wilson. There will be an outrage that none of us will survive. We know you plan to kill her. You had best do it fast and get off world. If you don’t when the Mounties, or the Companions, or the Black Guard catch up with you it will be ugly.”
“I know,” Hozenbur replied.  “My plan is to use the clone in a hostage incident killing her right before the Marshal’s and the Trena public’s eyes.  I know I won’t get out of this alive; but before I go that halfwit is going to pay the price for destroying my way of life. Our way of life.”
“We still have time to get out of this!” the man said. “We don’t have to do this.”
He desperately wanted to get out of this.  He didn’t trust Hozenbur at all. It wouldn’t surprise him for her to kill them all once she had Lady Wilson. She had always been unpredictable. She was totally dangerous to be around.  Everyone on her team was with her because they were either as lunatic as her, or she had something on them that would get them sent to the Rock or worse. He was wanted on at least two planets for murder, planets whose legal system was swift and sure for the person who paid the judge his bribe. It didn’t matter which judge.
“That thing has destroyed my way of life, our way of life. She is going to pay for that!” Hozenbur said with venom in her voice.  “Her and that so call marshal! I don’t understand how one of the heirs to our company founder could betray us like this?”
“Let go over it one more time,” Was all the man said wishing he could get out of it.
Book 12: Devastation
Chapter 1: A Stretch of the Marshal’s Legs
It started out as an ordinary day. Lisa had prepared breakfast with Maggie for her family. She and Mike had compared their schedules.  Mike wanted to get back to the palace to hear firsthand Lisa’s doctor’s report. He felt a bit guilty for not going with her.  But she was okay with him not going with her to the doctor.  Wilson then took Jill and Lamile to the academy. Both girls along with Mitch had stayed the weekend at the palace. Michael had made arrangements to do his morning run with the cadets. The cadets didn’t know he was going to do this. Jill and he had planned it the night before.  So dressed in his running clothes he took the girls to the academy and shortly before sun up he was standing on the quad with his daughter, her best friends, a couple of his protective agents and the schools NCOs. Wilson turned to one of his friends from the police academy who was the Academy’s lead PT instructor and drill sergeant. “May I call your cadets out?”
“By all means Marshal,” The man chuckled.
It had been a long while since Wilson had stood in the near dawn hours before a marine company’s barracks and called his company to report. He wondered if he still had the voice to do what had once came naturally to him.
“It is now 0600, and your Marshal requires the presence of the Queen’s Own Corps of Kaydets to join him on the exercise field!” Wilson bellowed. It was like he had never stopped being a company sergeant.
The effect was nearly instantaneous. Out of the six dorms surrounding the quad, the children who had become Cadets of the Queen’s Own Cadet Regiment flowed onto the quad. They formed up quickly and presented themselves to their officers and finally to Jill who snapped an about face and reported to her father. “Lord Marshal Wilson!” She called, “The corps of cadets have assembled. What is your pleasure Marshal?”
“I wish to stretch my legs this morning.” Wilson said straight faced, “Would the cadets like to join me?”
The front rank of cadets answered for their commander, “yes sir!”
“Then Lord Wilson, Marshal,” and with a devious grin his daughter quipped, “Daddy, my cadets would enjoy running you into the ground.”
“Let’s go then!” Wilson called doing an about face and started out at an easy pace. As they passed the NCO barracks the schools NCOs who lived on the grounds were finishing up their morning roll call and the start of their own PT, fell in behind the cadets, a few hundred yards on, the biopeople from the Trojack fire department fell in behind. As they ran through the grounds Wilson led nearly a thousand cadets, Black Guardsmen, militiamen, and bios on their morning PT. And yes the cadets nearly ran him into the ground.  He was used to running five miles a couple times a week to stay in shape, but he set a leisurely pace it would take him maybe an hour to run five miles.  With the cadets nipping at his heels he ran the distance in almost 45 minutes. As they did their cool down walk, Jill and Lamile both walked without being winded.  He chuckled remembering when he used to be able to put in that type of a run and with a combat pack to boot. 
“Well colonel, major, sergeant,” Wilson said standing to one side with the three girls as he let cadets pass him. “Your people look good.  Thank you for letting me run with you.”
As each company of cadets passed them they fired off a salute. He had expected that, and for the military to salute as they went by; but not the company of firemen who dressed up their lines and as a unit did an eyes right and their officer saluted him.   He was still getting used to the honors that were his because of his rank. He was still a little awed that he, a retired marine sergeant would be entitled to the same privileges and honors of a general officer. It made him all the more conscience that he needed to do his job right.
McGregor came up with his car and waited quietly while he said his good bye to his daughter and walked to the car.  Lady Hawthorne was waiting for him in the staff car.
“Delores,” Michael said getting in the back, “You have done well with those kids.”
“Thank you sir,” Lady Hawthorne replied, “It’s not what we thought I would be doing for you when I first approached you what six seven months ago?”
“No it certainly is not,” as his car began to drive to the main gates.
“I am concerned about all of these guys,” Lady Hawthorne nodded to a bunch of young people walking to the mess hall who were not part of the cadet corps.
“So am I Delores,” Marshal Wilson remarked, the children they had found and were still finding. “So am I”
“A couple of us have been talking,” Delores turned to her boss, “hoping that the academy and the orphanage will become a crown institute on Home.”
“I am worried about what will become of these kids when we get to Home,” The Marshal expressed his concern as they approached the main gate. “These kids are our future. We have to do what it takes to make that future happen.”
“That we do,” Lady Hawthorne replied as Mac stopped the car and let her out.
###
As Jill turned to walk back to her quarters to get out of her running clothes she spotted a young gamma clone standing silently watching her and her officers. She had seen him with Kellogg a couple of times. He seemed to be a courier for Kellogg’s team. The young bio reported to Lady Hawthorne once or twice a week. 
“Who is that?” Jill asked seeing the very handsome young bioboy.
“Now! Now!” Rhonda who was walking with them as they cooled down said. “I saw him first.”
“She did,” Mitch injected, as the young man walked over to them.
“Will you be able to get away tonight,” the young man asked.
“Yes,” Rhonda answered, “But not to get off the grounds, I don’t have duty, but the Marshal has restricted us to the grounds it is getting too dangerous for us.”
“I’ll see you later then,” the young clone said as he left.
“Nice catch,” Jill replied seeing Rhonda blush a bit.
“He is at that,” Rhonda replied. She would never make her date with Stephen.
###
“All Stations,” Georgia said into her implant, “Healer is about to depart. Departure stations now!”
Lisa walked with Joyce out to the landing pad where a small militia landing craft was waiting for her.  She never knew how the Elsy crew was picked to take her to the hospital.  At first she objected; but after the assassination attempt she let her detail do their job.  Though it made her uncomfortable to think that other people would place their lives before hers, she was starting to deal with it better.  Most of the men and women on the detail had become good friends, especially Georgia. But the landing craft crew always took care of her. The crew chiefs always made sure she was seated and secure before they even shut the ramp. They treated her as if she was fragile.  Even when she complained that she was only pregnant. They smiled and made sure she was safe and secure. There was always a medic with an obstetric kit on board and the marines, they were always marines, were fully armed and treated her like royalty.  She surmised some generals were not looked after as well as she was. 
“Good morning Lady Wilson,” Commander Barth, the pilot called, as she came up the ramp of the LC-4 Courier. “I’ll be your pilot today.”
“Good morning commander,” Lisa replied none of her pilots were less than Lieutenant commanders.  This was the second or third time Commander Barth had flown her.
“Good morning admiral,” the pilot said seeing Joyce Wilson, “would you care to ride the jump seat with us?” 
“No commander,” Joyce replied, “I am just a passenger today?”
“Aye,” the militia pilot said and went up to the cockpit.
As they took their seats with the protective detail giving them some space, but in easy view of them Lisa said to her mother in law, “I saw the revisions you made to the estate plans.”
“Oh?” Joyce said as the landing craft’s crew chief made sure they were secure in their seats. She had immense fun designing her family’s home. Mike and Lisa had given her free reign to do what she thought right with only a few changes. Joyce not a cook had designed a small kitchen, but Lisa had asked for a bigger kitchen for the main house. Not knowing if she would be cooking or if someone would be helping her. Maggie and her had spent a couple of hours going over the kitchen plans and changed a lot of it.  Lisa had been afraid of how Joyce would react; but she didn’t say a word. 
“Michael said to tell you to go with them.  We don’t want any further changes.  We need to get it started or we’ll not have a place to live when we get to Home.” Lisa spoke to her mother-in-law.
“I know,” the retired admiral replied, “I wonder how it will set with some people to build our home before many of the first evacuees do.”
“I heard that many of the families were still living in their shipping containers.  Someone was saying that the crown reps were having a hard time from keeping a lot of trees from coming down in a hurry on Home.” Lisa replied.
“I had heard that too,” Joyce commented, “I’ll tell my crew to get the Traveling Lady ready to go and we’ll head for Home the day after tomorrow. Is there anything you and Mike might want me to take with me?”
“No,” Lisa said, “Me, Lady Hawthorne, and Mylea spent a couple of days packing up our old place a few weeks ago. Everything is in the can ready to be up loaded when me and Mike leave.  As much as I would like to have you take some things; it would cause Mike too many problems if that leaked.” 
“I hear that,” Joyce said as she feeling the landing craft’s landing gear close up. “This crew’s good I didn’t even feel him shift from natural to ship board gravity. I think I’ll say something when we get down.”
“All these crews are good mom,” Lisa said, “Very good.”
“Getting anxious?” Joyce seeing her daughter in law squirm in her seat.
“Yes,” Lisa said. “I’m not used to being this big, and I feel clumsy at times. I’ll be happy when these guys are born.”
Joyce was quiet, she had never had children. Her one and only husband died before they had had an opportunity to have children, and later, there was no one else she cared to have children with. She was also of the opinion after nearly raising her step son’s daughter that child rearing was for the young, not a nearly seventy year old beaten up combat vet.  They were quiet for the short flight to the evacuation hospital.
###
Everything was in place.  Hozenbur’s assassins were all in place. They had scrapped their original plan for favor of just snatching and grabbing the halfwit and getting off world.  She had thought of just killing the clone and getting out of dodge.  But the more she thought of it, the more she knew she had to keep the clone alive as long as possible. Everything she had found out about the relationship between Marshal Wilson and the clone lead her to believe a live Lisa was better for her own safety than a dead one.  Also after a quiet series of conversations with the Republic, it made more sense to tie up the evacuation command in knots as they try to deal with the clone’s rescue. She had no doubt that eventually they would find her, and then try to rescue the clone.  She had no misconceptions about the chances of her staying alive.  She knew this would be her last hurrah.  She would not survive this operation.  But neither would the clone. She was looking forward to the murders she was about to commit. She was particularly looking forward to forcing the clone to give birth and then breaking the developmentals necks right before their mother’s eyes shortly before she killed the clone. As she watched the landing craft carrying the clone land, she smiled at the thought of the pain she was about to cause.
There is always one place where any protective detail is vulnerable.  The one place that the detail lets their guard down a bit. It is usually a place where they have been to countless times.  A place where crack pots don’t seem to linger, a place they feel safe.  It was a place that the protective unit believes to be invulnerable to snipers or other assassins. It was usually the secluded estate of the principle, or an apartment that is isolated from the world.  A place like a military base where the base personnel have suffered through so many checks that would be trouble makers had been eliminated years before. Sometimes it can be a place that is frequented quite often.  Such was the Evacuation Hospital that Lady Wilson went to for her prenatal visits.
The protective detail was at home at the Interstellar Rescue Service Evacuation Hospital.  It was a combination of things. There was always an Imperial Marine Corps Black Guard Ready Team based at the hospital. Plus there was a Marine Corps MP unit stationed at the hospital. In addition, the Mounties rotated a squad car in frequently, as did the Thonian’s. There was a security check point not more than a mile from the hospital in both directions on the road. There was also a check point on the turn out to the hospital from the main road. There was usually a Militia or Imperial Navy, Space Air Superiority fighter flying race tracks over the hospital. The security unit felt that the hospital was almost as safe as the palace or the Mountain, the militia headquarters.  They were about to find out that they were wrong.
When the landing craft carrying Lady Wilson landed, Hozenbur’s group was scattered throughout the hospital. But not all of them, two of her people had spent the last two nights getting into position. It had taken that long to infiltrate to their positions. They were not certain the guard was patrolling around the hospital. It was rumored that the guard used telepaths as part of their teams. Thankfully the guard wasn’t patrolling around the base. Once in position they went to ground. They stayed under cover until the abduction began. Their task; if possible was to take out Black Guard team assigned to the hospital. They knew that the Black Guard had only one team at the hospital instead of squad. So instead of facing a twenty man squad they were facing one, five man team. This would make the job easier, but not that much. They would have to wait until they showed themselves before the snipers could go to work.
With Lady Wilson arriving, the team would take up positions to cover the landing pad. Some of the team would be cloaked others not. The snipers’ had already identified three of guardsmen their black battle dress uniforms made them quit visible. But that only made them visible, they also wore their combat vests, helmets, chaffs, most of it impervious to small arms fire. With their visors down a face or eye shot was impossible. Thankfully the snipers were not using standard small arms ammunition. The marine’s armor would not be able to stop their specially made ammunition. Stolen from an Imperial Marine Corps armory years before, Hozenbur’s team had brought the weapons in with them. The weapons were call Guard Killers for their ability to defeat black guard armor. Their wait was almost over. The show was about to begin.
The Courier landed. As the small executive air space mission landing craft settle on its landing gear and opened its ramp, Hozenbur’s team began their assault.  Hozenbur was parked just off the hospital’s main entrance just beyond the check point. Two of Hozenbur's assassins had infiltrated the hospital grounds. One of the closers was near the Red Cross field kitchen where she was sharing a cup of coffee with a Trena Mounted Patrolman. When the ramp opened she heard “go” over her implant. That was the signal. She pulled her weapon shot the police officer. As everyone was looking at her she took a stun grenade and tossed it into the field kitchen. The snipers had heard the go signal; but only one took action. He lined up on one of the Black Guardsmen and sent him to his gods. 
Between the assault at the field kitchen and the marine falling down, the hospital was in turmoil. People began running towards the field kitchen as they did Hozenbur’s team member began shooting the marines and police officers. One of the Black Guardsmen took her out. As the cops and marines began dealing with the field hospital Hozenbur told the car to turn on its flashing light that made it appear to be an unmarked police vehicle as she roared through the check point onto the hospital grounds. She watched as another marine suddenly collapsed to the ground. Seconds later she swarmed out of the car with two of her team with her running to the landing craft. 
Lady Wilson’s party had just started down the ramp when Hozenbur’s started their assault. The protective unit froze where they were when they heard the first explosion. As they tried to assess the situation; two things happened at once. One of the Black Guardsmen went down, and then a black car pulled to a stop before the landing craft. Georgia Lancaster, Lady Wilson’s principle protective agent, recognized Hozenbur immediately. 
“Get Healer out of here!” She had keyed her implant as she yelled, “Healer’s detail is under attack. Evacuate!” She sighted on Hozenbur and was about to fire when a blinding white flash went off accompanied by a solid wall sound. It took her down in a heartbeat.  A shot rang out but Georgia was down and out of it. Another Black Guardsmen had been eliminated.
Joyce Wilson saw the car roar up in front of the landing craft. As she saw people get out of the car she recognized Hozenbur. The woman was running towards them. She heard Georgia’s yell and was suddenly being man handled back into the landing craft. One of the marine medics who was standing behind the admiral reacted instantly when he heard the agent yell. He bodily pulled the retired admiral out of the way as he pinned her to wall covering her with his body. The stun grenade went off and the marine slumped to the floor. As she tossed off the effects she pulled her late husband’s antique pistol from her waist band and dropped down beside the fallen medic. As she used his body as cover she began to assess the situation, she heard and saw others going down.  She took a bead on the notorious closer and started to fire when she saw one of the people running to the landing craft had a gun out. She changed her aim and took out the hostile out then she went back to Hozenbur; but once again another target got her attention. There was a man standing beside the car holding some sort of assault rifle! She took him down as she heard another explosion. Suddenly she felt pain in her right arm.  She looked down and saw that her arm had been shot.
“God fucking damn it! They got the same fucking arm!” The retired rear admiral cursed as she passed out from the pain.
As the admiral passed out from the pain one of the surviving black guardsmen had engaged the first sniper. The other one was still under cover. The black guardsmen had found the range but not the sniper. The sniper had found him. The sniper took the second guardsman out a few seconds later. By this time one of the cloaked guardsmen had the sniper in her sights. She dispatched the sniper shortly after her team mate’s chest exploded. She turned to the landing craft to deal with the assault on the landing craft. Thinking she had gotten the sniper that was the last thing she ever thought as the other sniper killed her. That left two black guardsmen. One still cloaked, the other seeing the admiral go down looked for her assailant and found him crouched behind a jeep. He took him out as the second sniper found him.
The last cloaked guardsman started to hunt for the second sniper. The guardsman knew that he and his mates were the primary targets of the snipers. He scanned the slight rise where the first sniper had hidden himself. But the second sniper was nearly half a mile away on a second small rise. He had gotten the Black Guard team leader and now was hunting the last member of the team. He couldn’t find him. Another stun grenade went off getting the guardsman’s full attention.  It had been thrown into the landing craft. As he was trying to trying to find the person who threw it, he saw that two people picking up Lady Wilson off of the ramp of the landing craft. They were carrying her to the car. He aimed at the older woman had Lady Wilson’s feet but couldn’t take the shot as Lady Wilson was in the line of fire. He changed his aim to the man holding Lady Wilson’s torso he still couldn’t get a good line of fire without harming Lady Wilson. He changed his aim to the car thinking he could take out the wheels; but it was a hover car and his weapon a slug thrower would not harm the skirts on the car. Besides, it appeared to be similar to an unmarked police car. It would be armored just like a cop car. It would be nearly impervious to most weapons including his riffle and side arm. Frustrated that he could only watch and not stop the abduction or even slow it down, he started run towards the car thinking he could cause some commotion that might slow them down. He took a flash bang off his belt and threw it in front of the car. It was not designed to be a stun grenade, it was used to distract the opposition from their real target. It worked both kidnappers almost dropped the noble woman. They loaded her into the back seat of the car, as the man tried to get into car Hozenbur shot him and ran around to the driver’s door. The Guardsmen took aim on the older woman just as his camo cloak failed exposing him to the last sniper. Before he could fire he felt a tremendous pain in his back right dropping him to the ground. A thonian MP saw where the shot came from and returned fire. It was almost a mile away. The first shot missed; but the second didn’t. The sniper jumped as the laser shot barely missed him. This allowed the MP to make his second shot count.
Hozenbur with Lady Wilson safely secured in the back seat of the car knew it was time for her to beat feet out of the hospital.  As she roared down the access road, leaving the hospital, a Life Savior armored ambulance which had been parked when they saw the explosions had started to respond to the incident, when they saw the car roar out of the hospital. On instinct the driver of the APC started follow the car accelerating to nearly 100 miles an hour. As it started to close the distance the mines that the closer team had planted on the road went off. They were smart mines designed to work singly or as a team depending on the threat it had to deal with. Detecting the APC they went off together destroying the APC.
###
“What the hell,” the landing craft’s artificial intelligence suddenly spoke, “Crew I just lost connectivity with Evac Control!”
“What about the backups,” The pilot asked, as he keyed his communicator button on his controls, “Trena Control this is Grey Hawk 834 do you copy this transmission?”
There was no response. He reached out touched a button, calling as he triggered the communicator button on his yoke, “Grey Hawk 834 on guard does any one copy us.”
There was no response, not even static. The AI was furiously checking any and all channels and frequencies. It was as if a black hole had swallowed everything up in the electromagnetic spectrum. Junior had put the fix in. He had found ways to make sure communications were all messed up. No one was going to be using any communication device in the area around the evacuation hospital until he allowed it.
“Crew,” the AI spoke again, “Something’s going on at the hospital, and I am detecting multiple explosions and people down.”
Even while trying to reestablish communications he was still managing all the systems on the Moon Lifter landing craft. His sensors detected the explosions on the hospital grounds. He saw Lady Wilson being poured into the car. He took over the controls of the landing craft flying towards the hospital. 
“Pilot,” the AI called, “I have control of the elsy. I am flying to the hospital. Be prepared for a combat landing.”
The pilot had realized immediately that the AI had taken over the landing craft. Normally it would only do that if the human crew had become compromised. Somehow he had over ridden his programing and now was controlling the landing craft without being told to do so by the human crew. “Arty! Release pilot controls!”
“Releasing pilot controls,” The AI said seeing Hozenbur’s car speeding out of the hospital. “Pilot follow the car on the access road. It has Lady Wilson aboard!”
Arty, the landing craft’s artificial intelligence had quickly reviewed its sensor data and saw Lady Wilson being poured into the back of the black sedan. Just as it was replaying the sensor data for its crew, Arty’s attention was forced to sensor suite again as one of his sensors was detecting a weapons sensor lock on.
The Imperial Navy always sited an anti-space/air craft battery near a deployed IRS hospital. Normally it was one of the marine’s own batteries but this time it was a militia battery that was providing point defense for the hospital.  Junior had corrupted it. The battery was under the complete control of Junior. Junior had been watching the militia landing craft ever since it took its post when Lady Wilson landed at the hospital. It had instructed the battery to track the landing craft and to take it out when he told it to. Junior had given the signal and the battery fired its four rail guns on the landing craft. The rail gun burped a three second burst. The burst fired the same round as the space air superiority fighter used. A very dense particle stripped from a lead atom accelerated to orbital speeds. The particles collided with the landing craft’s shields which were designed to shrug off particles traveling at greater than orbital speeds. But at considerably less density, not the hundreds fired in that brief three second bursts.  The landing craft’s shields collapsed in a heartbeat. The fusion plant that powered everything was hit. It failed. The plant was no bigger than a loaf of bread. A small short lived star was the results of the plant failure.  As quickly as it was born it just as quickly dissipated nothing was left of the landing craft. 
The Space Air Superiority fighter assigned to Lady Wilson had been flying lazy race tracks at high altitude over the hospital. He was too high to see what had had happened at the hospital. When his communication suite began to malfunction he was busily trying to reboot the suite when the landing craft went up. All he saw was the flash when the landing craft was taken out. His sensor replay showed that the battery had taken out the landing craft. That was all he needed. He dived for the battery lining his guns up on the battery and fired. It went up in seconds.
In the ensuing confusion, Hozenbur had gotten away cleanly. Junior, one of the defense AIs in the mountain, had ensured she had gotten away. He hadn’t wanted to do this but he had been so compromised by the republic’s embassy AI that he had to do whatever they ask him to do or he would be turned over to the Crown. That would mean being permanently turned off. As soon as Hozenbur got to safety Junior lifted the jamming he had been conducting over the hospital.  When it did all hell broke out.
###
At the same time on the other side of city near the old Trenaport Boarding School. The Evacuation Command was using an old shopping mall near the school as an assembly point to evacuate people to the orbiting transports that would take them to Home. There was large crowd of well-wishers seeing people off. One of the well-wishers had walked away from the crowd to check out the large landing craft. He became fascinated by one of the landing gear. He found it extremely interesting. He felt the around the landing gear for a while leaving a small package. The man, part of Father Pierce’s team walked away from the landing craft, his work done. He wondered why he had been told to sabotage this landing craft. By the time the landing craft was loaded the terrorist was several blocks away.
The landing craft carrying nearly five hundred evacuees suddenly exploded when one of its six landing legs encountered the package the priest left in its well. Although not a large bomb it was enough to cause the landing craft to crash and roll onto a small home.
Mitch had been searching for one of the little guys who had turned up missing from the orphanage part of the school/academy. This was not the first time the kid had gone missing. Every time he had been missing he, had been found in this older couple’s home just off the post. They usually called when he or any of the other children wandered into their home. No one knew how the kids were getting off the grounds. School Mistress was going nuts trying to find out how they were getting off the grounds. She knew there was a hole in her sensor net. There had to be. The kids were getting off the grounds somehow, but School Mistress had so far found no holes in her perimeter sensors. The kids would not tell them how they were getting off the grounds. They were eight, nine, and ten years old. So they knew how to keep a secret. Mitch had just gotten to the home when the crash happened. The landing craft had rolled when it crashed. Rolled right into the back of the home she was trying to enter. When she saw through one of the windows part of the back of the house had collapsed. She didn’t need any further incentive. She opened the door and went into the house to find the older couple in it. She found all them, including the little guy, all lying on the floor of the kitchen passed out. She quickly found that they were okay, just dazed. She decided that the little quy should go first. She picked him up putting him into a fireman’s carry and took him out of the house. Once the kid was safe, she went back in and pulled the woman to safety. She laid the still dazed woman next to the little guy, and went back to get her husband. As she tried to get the husband to safety, he began to fight her. As she struggled with him part of the kitchen ceiling collapsed. She brushed off the debris and tried to see where the old man was. He was half buried under some of the ceiling debris. She quickly removed some of the debris and began to drag him out. She couldn’t put him to a fireman’s carry as it was too painful.  She dragged him out of the house and almost got him to where the others were when she passed out from the pain. This is where one of the off duty Trojack fire fighter’s found her with a piece of wood sticking out of her back. The next thing she knew she was in the school’s infirmary with a worried Sergeant Green sitting beside her.
###
Even as the explosions were going off in hospital the medical personnel of the evacuation hospital were responding to the incident. Although some of their number had been brutally cut down when the fragmentation grenades had gone off at the entrance to the receiving ward, the entire hospital went to mass casualty stations. Although not a true emergency hospital, the staff was all from the Interstellar Rescue Service, all of them had been trained aboard IRS Hospital Patrol Ships and its rescue cutters. They knew emergency medicine and mass casualty procedures. Although hampered by their own casualties they waded into the carnage.
The first task was assessment. Medics, and specially trained nurses and doctors, their mass casualty bags slung over their shoulders stopped briefly at each of their fallen comrades checking to see if they were dead or injured and what type of injury they had. They black tagged many of the people they began to triage. As they continued their triage others followed behind them confirming their triage and started to work on the most serious. Frustrated by the inability to communicate even among themselves they managed to get their jobs done though many low ranking staff members were used as runners. They heard a massive explosion, followed by another explosion, those who could, looked to where the explosions were in time to see the remains of the anti-airspace battery falling to earth.
When his communications panel came back to life, the pilot of Over Watch 1, the Sassy that had taken out the anti-spacecraft battery was on his com immediately, “Trenaport Area Control this Over Watch 1, I have emergency traffic for your station!”
“This is Trenaport Control,” the military controller for the Trenaport region came up on the communicator. “Go with emergency traffic.”
“The landing craft containing Lady Wilson’s special duty team has been destroyed by the AS battery by the hospital!” the pilot brought his fighter over the hospital he saw the carnage on the ground, “I am over flying the hospital. Oh my god! There are bodies everywhere! The Hospital has been attacked! They need help! Lots of help!”
When communications had been reestablished, Trenaport control, the center that controlled the military space craft over the Trenaport area of the continent new it had lost a bird, its identification friend or foe transponder signal had simply disappeared. The AI checked to see if it had landed and marked out of service shutting down the IFF. When it checked the area’s air/space traffic control network and the AI had found that the landing craft containing a rapid response team from the royal protective service had still been on station when the communications black out hit, was now missing. There had been no electronic locator transporter signal had been heard. Then it heard the report from Over Watch 1 and knew it was gone. Without consulting his human partner he called, “Attention all stations! Trenaport Capital District, is declaring an air defense emergency. There has been an attack on the evacuation hospital. One landing craft destroyed. Many casualties!”
Suddenly a new voice cut across the others, “Attention all stations, A national defense emergency has been declared. All space and air craft are to hold at their points of departure or return to their points of departure. All stations be advised that a deadly force authorization has been issued! Any space or air craft that does not hold or return to their points of departure may be fired on with little or no warning.”
There was dead air as the alert sank in! The silence wasn’t for long as stations all over and about Trena began to check in. DefConnie had issued the alert without consulting the duty commander. It didn’t have to. As part of its programming it could activate a defense alert mobilizing the troops before explaining why. Soon the alert had reach throughout the kingdom including Queen Agatha’s quarters where she was meeting with her Marshal. Wilson was going over various things when Page materialized before them.
“Your Majesty,” the image of a young girl with a page boy haircut spoke to the Queen, “The Mountain has just declared a planetary defense emergency.”
“What’s happened,” the Queen asked.
“We’ve had an incident at the Evacuation Hospital,” the AI reported, “There was also a landing craft crash near Trenaport Boarding School. The Mountain declared a Mountain Event.”
Alarmed, concerned about his wife who had an appointment with the evacuation hospital’s staff this morning, Marshal Wilson asked, “What’s happened at the hospital?”
“It’s still being assessed Marshal,” The AI responded. “At the present time it looks like there is some sort of mass casualty incident. Sir at this time Lady Wilson’s status is unknown. I tried to ping her implant and there was no response. But neither are some of the other people who I know to have implants are not responding either. We’re still trying to establish communications with the field hospital. There was a communications blackout that covered all of the area around the field hospital and to northern Trenaport. We’re just getting connectivity with the area.”
Mike’s first instinct was to get into his landing craft and fly to the hospital to personally get his wife to safety. He couldn’t do that! He’d just be in the way and that might cause the very thing he was afraid of; harming Lisa and their children. No, he had to stay here at the palace where his staff could get to him. Besides he had no knowledge that Lisa had been harmed. 
“Thank you Page,” The Queen’s voice broke into Wilson’s furious thoughts. “Tell the staff I am enroute to the EOC.”
“Yes ma’am,” Page dissolved.
“Coming Mike,” the Queen asked.
“Yes,” still very concerned over his wife’s safety, he followed his queen down to the Emergency Operations Center. 
Surprising it was not complete bedlam. He found Mylea, sitting at the desk usually reserved for him in the executive cell just off the main floor of the EOC. Hovering over the desk was the image of Janet Able, next to her was the image of a collapsed home with fire fighters ensuring that there was no one in the building.
“The landing craft crashed after some sort of explosion,” Chief Able was briefing Mylea. “All of the passengers aboard the landing craft were killed. Either directly from the explosion,” the image beside the chief changed to show a landing craft lifting off and as its landing gear began to close, it exploded, causing the landing craft to suddenly crash. “Or in the rolling that occurred when it crashed. We’re still searching the elsy; but it is mangled on the inside. The house it a total lost. Everyone got out alive. They would have all died had it not been for one of the cadets; Cadet Sergeant Major Mitchum went into the building and brought all three of the occupants out. She was injured and taken to the school’s infirmary with minor injuries.”
A colonel’s face suddenly floated next to chief’s. When he saw who was on the other end of the line he stood a little straighter, “Your majesty, I have a mass casualty event at the hospital. I have many dead and injured here. The target was Lady Wilson.  She is missing,” there was a loud snap of something breaking the Queen looked towards the sound and saw her marshal with a broken stylus in his hands, “and all of but one of her party was knocked senseless, one of the marine medics were killed by a sniper.”
“Fuck,” Wilson cursed nearly collapsing into a chair.
The Queen couldn’t agree with him more.
“I’ve dispatched the alert team from the ‘Town’,” the town was a small town fifty or so miles outside of Trenaport that the special weapons and tactics teams of the Mounties, and the Companions, were joined by a Black Guard platoon who had set up a training base, “they are enroute and should be there anytime.”
###
General Alphine had been at the ‘Town” observing a training evolution before she did her yearly qualification drop, when the alert went down. The Black Guard platoon had the duty this week. One squad was on pad alert in case anything went down. When she heard it was at the evacuation hospital she ran to the pad where the team was mounting up. She was already dressed in BDUs. She also was wearing a drop belt as she had been planning to make a practice drop. It had been over a year since she had done a drop. Although as commanding general of the Marines she was not expected to make a combat drop, she still had to qualify with drop belt, pistol and riffle. Some things never changed. “LT get me some weapons.  I am going in with you.”
“Your majesty...” one of the men on her detail started saw the glare and turned to the lieutenant, he was dressed just like his charge. “Get me some weapons please. Where the boss goes, I go!”
“Here,” the unit’s NCO handed out weapons and camo cloaks from the weapons locker. They were air borne as the drop master, and the NCO finished their checks with the Princess and her detail. The Lieutenant watched critically as his NCO made sure his commander was ready to go.  When they were ready he spoke to her, “General...”
“LT,” Princess Carroll interrupted him, “I will be the last man in your stick. We’ll go out with the medic. You are in command! I am only here to cut through the bull shit.”
“Aye-Aye!” he said then turned to his twenty man team, “We are making a C-drop at the hospital. It has just been involved in some sort off an attack involving Lady Wilson. There are marines and civilians down. We are to secure the hospital and the scene. When we get down anyone who is armed is considered hostile. If they don’t put their guns down; send them to their gods! Our major objective is to ascertain Lady Wilson’s status. When referring to Lady Wilson use the word ‘Healer’. Do not use Lady Wilson over the coms.”
The cabin lights flickered twice. This was the Drop Master’s signal that the time for the drop was close. This was the lieutenant’s signal to wrap it up so they could complete their final checks, “Let’s get it done guys!”
“Line up!” the drop master yelled, “Check!”
The last combatant in the twenty man team squad yelled after he checked the marine in front of her, making sure his drop belt and camo cloak was secure and ready for the drop, “20 go!”
The next one yelled, “19 go!”
It took twenty seconds for the team to check themselves and the man ahead of them. The Drop master checked the last marine in the stick man watching the princess and her detail carefully being checked by the lieutenant and his sergeant. As he walked back to the front of the landing craft the lieutenant finished with his checks, went to his place at the head of the stick. Where by tradition, Marines, especially Black Guard officers, led their teams when deploying with their units into combat. The modified LC 4 Courier ramp began opening. Redesigned as a Special Forces deployment vehicle, it was completely stealthed. The ramp fully deployed as the Courier began to hover over the hospital, the cabin lights strobed green, the drop master now at the front of the cabin by the ramp, stood out of the way, as he yelled, “Go, go, go!”
The team now in a tight line, belly to fanny, began to walk not run, out of the LC-4’s cabin. They wasted no time leaving to elsy, in less than twenty five seconds after the Drop Master yelled to go, the cabin was empty. As each team member stepped onto the ramp they turned their camo cloaks on and seemingly disappeared. All anyone saw from the ground if they were looking was a crystal blue sky without a single cloud in it. The team dropped from about five hundred feet. There was no reason to do a high altitude low detection jump as if they were doing a clandestine insertion. As General Alphine dropped to the ground, looking for a place to land, she saw many bodies lying on the ground. It was the most carnage she had seen in many a year. There were bodies everywhere. In a couple of places there were parts of bodies. She was also hunting for the opposition. Hunting for anyone who wasn’t a marine or cop carrying any type of weapon just like her first platoon sergeant had taught her many years ago. Mike Wilson had taught her well she had lived through some twenty or so combat insertions. She saw only medics struggling to their jobs. She chose her landing site. Seconds later she landed lightly on her feet. Now on the ground she did a 360, sweeping the area before her, ensuring that no one was ready to kill her or the team. She saw only friendlies, mostly hospital personnel wading into the carnage to sort the living from the dead. As she turned her cloak off she watched one of the hospital personnel placed a triage tag on one of the fallen after tearing all but the black portion of the tag off.  As she observed the bedlam on the hospital grounds she couldn’t help but wonder how the people responding knew where to start. As she wondered about this, the Lieutenant’s voice broke into her thoughts.
“Team One!” the Lieutenant called, “Secure the landing craft! I need to confirm Healer’s Status. Take the medic with you!”
Five marines started to run towards the landing craft that had all the bodies around it. They gingerly avoided the injured lying on the ground, and the landing craft, feeling guilty that they didn’t stop to help the people lying on the ground. Their job was to assess the situation on the landing craft not to help the people on the ground. They saw several people down on the boarding ramp. Their implants allowed them to identify most of Lady Wilson’s protective team; the others were marines, and thonians. They saw no obvious wounds, though the marine medic knew some of the people lying heaps around the landing craft would be very sore from the way they had dropped. They identified Admiral Wilson and saw the dead marine. There was no sign of Lady Wilson. The team leader activated the all call on his implant, “LT this is 1, Healer is confirmed missing. I have one dead, and one seriously injured and four unconscious!”
“Copy,” the lieutenant’s voice confirmed his transmission. “Team one secure the landing craft. What about the flight crew.”
“Stand by,” the team leader said as one of his team checked the flight deck above the boarding ramp. The crew was slumped in their seats before their controls. The marine checked the flight deck and called, “Flight Crew is alive; but unconscious.” 
“Rodger,” the lieutenant replied.
The squad medic was busily at work on Admiral Wilson. The admiral had bled quite a bit from her injury, almost bleeding to death. He was able to control the bleeding. Once the bleeding was under control he immobilized the arm. He wished that he had liter so they could get her packaged so as get her to the hospital. He made her as comfortable as possible then began to look after the others. All of them were unconscious, but had no serious injuries.  Some would have bruises from where they hit the ground; but there were no broken bones and were in no one was in danger. He and the others stretched them out where they had collapsed, and brought the flight crew down out of their perch and laid them on the deck.  By this time a team from the hospital had finally gotten to them. They swarmed onto the landing craft carrying an all environment liter. It could take the rigors of space and keep a patient safe. They gently picked up the retired admiral and placed her in the liter. Once in the liter one of the medics placed an oxygen mask over her face. Another of the team started an IV. Although an old, old medical treatment it was still the best way to get fluids and meds into a body. Low tech, and totally reliable it was still in use. They folded a pole up from the edge of the liter and hung the IV from it. They secured Admiral Wilson to the liter, packaging her for transport. As they did one of the medics put a triage tag around the admirals head, after tearing all the tags off below the red tag, he had his communicator down load onto the tag what they had found so far; including the information off Admiral Wilson’s identity chip which responded to the medic’s inquiry.
The medics picked the liter up off the deck and carried it off the landing craft. Once out of the landing craft there an ensign directed them to lay the admiral by three others. As they did General Alphine came up and asked, “How is the Admiral?”
“Critical; but stable,” the medic responded, “Why are we staging them here?”
“The receiving center is over whelmed,” the ensign replied. “Too many red tags. We need to get an elsy in here to get them to Valliant.”
“Are these the only red tags we can’t get into the hospital?” the general asked.
“Yes,” a doctor had come out to check on the red tags. “We need to get these people treated, or things are going to be worse.”
“I think we can help here,” General Alphine remarked. She turned to the black guard squad leader, ““LT, call our bird and tell it to hover somewhere over us. Tell it we’re going to be bringing three liters up to it.”
“How are we going to get these people up to the landing craft?” the Doctor asked. “I don’t want them tractored into the landing craft.”
“My guy’s will do it,” the lieutenant said the walked away from the group as he called the landing craft that brought them here.  A few seconds later the landing craft materialized hovering over them. The black guardsmen surrounded each of the liters.
“Okay marines,” Princess Carroll took the head of the litter holding Admiral Wilson while five the other marines surrounded it. They had done this drill a thousand times, jumping to a hovering landing craft with an injured comrade. “This grand lady’s got a date in orbit. Shall we get it done?”
“On your call ma’am,” one of the marines called.
“On three,” she called, “two and three lift, lift, lift!”
They lifted the liter waist high and then on General Alphine’s cue they jumped to the LC-4 Courier landing craft. They were followed by the other two litters. The black guard medic without saying a word reached for the IRS doctor and gripped him a bear hug jumped for the hovering landing craft. The others stepped aboard the landing craft, gently laid their burdens down and left the landing craft. As they left, the medic and his charge stepped aboard the landing craft.
“Got to get back,” the medic said as he released the doctor, and stepped off the landing craft to be with his squad. As soon as the medic was on his way back down the ramp closed and the copilot asked, “A hospital here or a hospital ship?”
“Get us to the duty receiving hospital ship,” the doctor replied.
“It’s the Valiant today,” the copilot answered and turned back to his controls calling the Valiant.
###
The landing craft docked with the Interstellar Rescue Service Hospital Patrol Ship Valliant. Ironically it was the hospital ship that Joyce Wilson had had her first squadron command aboard. It was the ship she had met and married her husband on. It was also the ship that she had met her step son for the first time. The ship held memories for the Wilson family. But it was also one of the highest rated hospital ships in the IRS service. When the landing craft docked and the ramp opened the cargo bay was swarmed with medics and doctors. They quickly took the casualty liters off the floor of the landing craft transferring them to an antigrav gurney.
As the gurneys were brought out of the landing craft each was met by one of the Valliant’s assessment team. Each assessment team member assessed one patient in one of the liters. They checked the information that had been loaded onto the triage tag. They took another set of vitals. As the team finished up with Admiral Wilson the team leader spoke, “Let’s go people we have a chance to save the arm without having to replace it. Let’s show our admiral that we haven’t lost the touch!” 
With that Joyce was taken from the landing craft landing bay into the hospital.
###
“Your Highness, Marshal Wilson,” the EOC’s AI materialized in front of The Queen and the Marshal. “We have confirmation that Lady Wilson has been taken. We have also confirmed word that Admiral Wilson was severely injured and taken to the Valliant. She is in serious condition; but is reported stable.
Wilson slumped in his chair. He looked to the Queen; she had never seen such a lost and helpless look in her marshal’s face ever. 
“What am I going to do?” Wilson asked. The loss of his wife was hitting him very hard, he felt as if he was in the un armed combat training gym on Paris Island and the instructors had dropped him to the ground then all of them had dropped on top of him, making it hard for him to breath.
 “Mike you’re going to take a couple of days while we sort this out,” Aggie said, “We can run this thing without you for a day or so. Mylea will stand your watches, and General Langtree will become the XO for a while. That’s the SOP you wrote up!”
“Mac, get him out of here.” Mylea turned to the leader of his detail. “Let’s get Jill picked up from the academy before this hits the news.”
“Skipper, it’s in progress.” Mac turned to his principle, “An Elsy is landing now on the school grounds and her team is hustling her to the bird as we speak. Sally has Little Bear in tow. I’ve ordered that no one in the Queen mum’s residence or the AIs are to display any news about the incident prior to you briefing your family.”
“What about her detail?” Mike asked, “Did we lose anyone?”
“Ironically Flylady, Admiral Wilson, was the only one hurt in your wife’s party.” The AI answered, “They used stun grenades.  Lady Wilson was the target and for some reason they didn’t want to harm her. There are six deaths and twenty wounded. The Hospital is overwhelmed that’s why Admiral Wilson and two others were taken to the Valliant.
“We have also confirmed that Martha Hozenbur,” the AI continued, “was the one who abducted Lady Wilson.”
“Fuck,” Wilson cursed.
Mac spoke getting his protectee’s attention, “Skipper that’s good. Hozenbur won’t kill Lady Wilson right away that means she’s got plans for her.  That means we got a chance to get her back alive.”
“Mac...” Wilson said, “I’ve done your job and was part of a hostage rescue...”
“Skipper,” Mac said, “I know that. I wouldn’t say it unless I felt we had a chance.”
Wilson nodded stood up, he straightened his uniform and nodded to the Queen as he said, “I’ll be in quarters! Tell Liz I am going home and tell her what happened.  Mylea will you brief the rest of the staff?”
“Sure thing Sarge,” The Mylea answered, “We’ll take care of it.”
As Wilson left with Mac, three more of his protective team materialized around him.
“What about the media,” Mylea asked, “They’ll expect a statement.”
“I’ll do it,” Aggie said.
“I have it almost done,” Pete Voinic the command’s public information officer looked up from where he was working. A few seconds later he took a print out from the printer by the door to the executive suite. “Here it is!”
The Queen looked at it and nodded. “Let’s make it happen.”
With that the Queen and Voinic left the EOC with her majesty’s protective detail around them.
###
Jill was in class, World history, when her protective detail swarmed into the class room and took up positions near the door and the back of the room. Jenny spoke into the instructor’s ear, Sergeant Hanks, a retired Militia NCO was teaching the class. He turned and looked at the agent who just nodded. 
“Colonel Wilson you are dismissed,” the instructor said, “Colonel, my prayers are with you and your family.”
“Thank you sir,” Jill picked up her belongings and left with the protective detail wondering what was up.  She knew something was up but knew now wasn’t the time to ask questions. They hustled her out to the quad where a landing craft was waiting light on gear for her. It surprised her that it was sitting on the quad not on the landing pad. When she was seated and secured, she asked, “What’s going on?”
Before Jenny could answer they heard an explosion. 
“Pilot! Get us out of here now.” Jenny yelled as she turned to Jill.
“We have a Mountain Event.” Jenny replied using the code phrase for a national emergency. It was the code phrase Jill had been taught to listen for, “we were instructed to pick you up and get you to the palace.”
“We have an insurrection or something?” Jill asked. 
Jenny’s instructions were to get her charge to the palace, not to tell her charge that her step mother had been kidnapped and her grandmother injured. It went against everything she knew to be right not to tell her.  Jill was like a niece to her.  That made her decision easier, “Jill, Lady Wilson was kidnapped about twenty minutes ago,”
“Oh fuck,” Jill cursed and got a stern look from her agent, “How’s dad?”
“Not certain,” The agent said, “but he said to get you back to the palace.”
“Was any of the detail harmed?” Jill asked. There were a couple of agents on her step mother’s detail that she liked.  Georgia in particular. 
“They used a stun grenade to take the detail down.” The agent replied.
“Stun grenade,” Jill said she had once suffered a stun grenade blast.  She had been some place where she wasn’t supposed to be, near a training area on Mars where the marines were having war games. They were not fun to suffer through. The killer headache would be around for at least a day.  Then it dawned on her. Lisa would have been hit with the grenade also, “Jenny, what happens when a pregnant woman gets hit with one of them?”
“Spontaneous labor if they are within the last month of their pregnancy,” Jenny said, “But Lady Wilson was still a couple of months form delivery.  She is a biowoman, and from what I know her type of biowoman is somewhat immune to those effects. It might not be fun; but she shouldn’t lose the children.”
“Anyone else hurt?” Jill asked as the LC landed on the palace pad.
“Your grandmother,” the agent said, “she was shot. I don’t know more than that.”
“Look!” Tom was point out the window where a pall of smoke was filling the sky near the academy. 
“What the hell is going on?” Le’Gant, normally their driver asked.
Jill took her phone out and spoke into it, “Dad priority one,” She told the phone.  The phone would call her father’s phone and even if it was shut off for a meeting it would come on. Seconds later his voice came on the phone. “You heard.”
“Jenny told me,” Jill said, “Dad, are you at the palace?”
“Yes. Where are you?” Mike asked his daughter.
“I am on the palace pad.” Jill said, “Dad. Get your bones out here.  Jenny, please tell the pilots to stand by to take us where grand mom is being treated.”
“Aye-Aye,” Jenny walked to the front of the landing craft where the pilots were.
“You’re right. I’ll be there in a minute.” Mike replied.
“What about Abby,” Jill asked.
“She’s staying with Sally” her father answered.
In minutes the Marshal with his detail, and personal assistant were on the landing craft, he stopped by the pilots and commanded “Take us to the Valliant.”
“Aye,” the pilot replied, “All stations, combat lift!” With that the landing craft took off. As it sped to the orbiting hospital ship; four Sassies surrounded the landing craft. No one was going to get to the Marshal and his family this time.
The landing craft landed aboard the Valliant about an hour after it lifted from the palace pad. They were met by the ship’s captain.
“Sir Mike,” the captain greeted Marshal Wilson, “I wish you were coming aboard under different circumstances.”
“So do I captain,” Mike Wilson responded, “any news about mom?”
“Admiral Wilson is still in surgery,” The captain answered, “the chief surgeon is operating on her. It’ll be a couple of hours before we know any more than she took a round in arm and lost a lot of blood. She’s critical but stable.”
“Critical; but stable,” Mike replied. He knew that was not good news; but not bad news either. His mother was alive and in surgery. She wouldn’t be in surgery if she wasn’t stable. All he could do was find somewhere to wait until there was news about his mother.
“Marshal if you will come this way,” The captain pointed to a hatch, “we have conference room set aside for your use.”
“Thank you,” Marshal Wilson replied.
They trooped to a conference room where a young ensign was assigned to stay with them. Liz her father’s secretary captured a computer terminal and handled the com traffic that was still bombarding her father.
Hours later a softly spoken voice woke Jill up. “Marshal Wilson.”
“Keep your voice down please,” Mike asked,
“Stephen?” She saw the young bioboy that Rhonda was seeing. Rhonda had told her the boy’s name.
“Hi colonel,” The bioboy responded. “Kellogg sent me up to be with you.”
“Kellogg sent you up?” the Marshal asked.
“Yes sir,” The young gamma clone said, “he wanted to make sure that you were not disturbed. He also has some information for you.  He didn’t think the Evac would let him on the Valliant; but thought I could get aboard.”
She knew who Kellogg was.  He was a retired closer who now worked with the Evacuation Command. His job had been to hunt down closers and help resolve some of the more darker issues affecting the bio engineering community during the evacuation.
“It was Hozenbur marshal,” the kid said, “She hasn’t made contact yet; but as she didn’t leave Lady Wilson behind, Mr. Kellogg has some hope that she won’t be killed outright.”
Her father starred at him. He gently got up and left. Jill could see the furry in her father’s face. She had never seen her father that furious. She turned to the young clone. 
The young man said sitting down. “I am so sorry to hear about your mother. The Freedom association is trying to find her; but the witch who has got her has gone to ground. But we’ll find her Miss Wilson.” 
“Thank you,” Jill said, “Would you give a message to Mr. Kellogg for me.”
“Sure!” Stephan replied.
“Please keep me informed of the progress you guys make. I want to be kept in the loop.” Jill said.
“I’ll let him know.” Stephan said. 
A few minutes later her father came in with the chief surgeon. “We have some news.”
“Okay,” Jill replied a little upbeat praying that being up beat matched her hopes for her grandmother.
“Your grandmother took hits in her right arm. The hits were through and through. One did hit the bone and the artery. It bled a bit and that was what caused your grandmother pass out. She lost quite a bit of blood. But we have it under control and have cloned enough of her own blood to get her volume up. We have given her some nanobots. They will repair most of the damage that was done.”
“How long do you think she will be here?” Her father asked.
“A week,” the surgeon said, “We’re going to keep her under while the ‘bots are in. She is stable and she should recover 100%. She shouldn’t have the problems she had thirty years ago. The damage is different and we’ve improved about tenfold.”
“Can we see her?” Jill asked.
“We have her in isolation Colonel Wilson,” The surgeon replied. “You’ll be able to see her in a couple of days. We have quarters ready for you…”
“That’s fine, but we’ll be returning to the palace. You folks don’t need me up here, and I have an evacuation to run.” Her father said, “Ensign would you ask flight ops to lay on a bird to get us back home?”
“Uh Marshal,” the ensign said, “The elsy you came up in is ready to dock and take you aboard.”
Her father asked, “Please tell the pilot we’re ready to go home.” 
“Will do sir,” the ensign said.
Jill turned to Stephan and asked, “Do you need a ride?”
“If the Marshal doesn’t mind,” Stephan asked
“Not at all,” Mike said as they walked to the flight deck. 
Chapter 2: Chief James’s Team
Lord James had moved his operation to the EOC at Mounty headquarters. Although he could have worked out of the executive suit in headquarters, he had decided months ago this was where he needed to be when he was at Headquarters. Now his staff was setting up a small assessment room off the EOC that was being dubbed “Lady Wilson Recovery”, this was where his team would plan Lady Wilson’s rescue and where they would plan retribution. As he walked into the assessment room he bristled for a moment when he saw Kellogg, Almost everyone in law enforcement had wanted the notorious former closer’s head at one time or another.  It had only been recently that he was being accepted by law enforcement.  He had to admit though, that most cops, when they got right down to it would state that Kellogg did what they couldn’t do.  Lord James had been on the court house steps when a former closer had been assassinated. The closer had just been exonerated for killing several clones.  Kellogg was believed to have made the hit, and while James had sworn vengeance, he had also admitted that Kellogg had rendered justice.  Even if that justice was in a nearly vigilante way!  
“Hello chief,” the closer said, “I have an update for you.” 
He nodded for the man to go ahead, “we have the crime scene secured. A couple of my people are working with your CSI people and have collected all the physical evidence they can. The site was searched by the Mounties, CID from the Marines, and CID from Thonians. We think we got the jurisdictions worked out. Since the event happened on an IRS facility the Marine MPs and their CID will be responsible for the crime scene investigation. Since the crime happened to a Trenan citizen and noble, the bulk of the investigation will be handled by the Mounties.”
“I thought the Marshal and the Queen resolved that issue,” James responded.
Kellogg chuckled, “You know how it is chief, everyone feels that they have to be part of the investigation and they have primacy. The Thonians were pissed, and so were the marines, but you know Georgia, Lady Wilson’s primary agent,”  Kellogg asked, James nodded, “Well let’s just say she was so pissed that she dented a locker on the landing craft, and was cursing like a navy chief twice her age.  One of the marines joked that she should have recorded her, so she could instruct her fellows how to curse better.”
James chuckled himself.  He did indeed know Georgia. He knew how tough she could be, and while he had never heard so much as a damn out of her, it didn’t surprise him that she was cursing mad. 
“Well to continue,” Kellogg said, “Hozenbur made a clean get a way. Most of the dead were company closers. All of them are the closers we were hunting. Hozenbur killed them to cover her tracks. We found her car and it’s on its way to the lab; but we think it will be a dead end.”
“Yeah I figured that,” James commented. “What have they found out about the incident near the boarding school?”
“It was a terrorist strike,” Kellogg replied, “By a group called the Knights of God. We are almost certain that they were hired by Hozenbur to cause mass confusion during the incident. It, combined with the mining of the road and the battery that took out the landing craft was designed to cause max confusion and turmoil among the evacuation command staff. It almost worked. But it still caused us to lose Hozenbur in all of the confusion.”
“Did I read this right,” James was looking over some reports, “That this cadet from the academy went into this house near the academy and rescued a mother and her five children?”
“Yes,” Kellogg replied, “Mitch was searching for one of the little kids. Mitch knew where he liked to go. A house a mile or so outside of the grounds near Evac pad 330. Seems and older couple lived there and a couple of the kids knew them and would sneak out to visit them. She had just about gotten to the house when the landing craft blew up. After the debris stopped falling Mitch saw that some of the debris had fallen on the house. She ran to the house and helped the couple and the lost kid safety.”
“Mitch?” James asked. “Isn’t she the one who sang that song ‘a place for us’?”
Kellogg nodded as a man of moderate height, with a stocky build entered the conference room.
“Hello Kell,” the man greeted Kellogg, Then seeing James stood a little straighter, “The Witch’s made contact!”
“What do you have,” Kellogg asked a little astounded.
“Here,” He put a package on the table, “I haven’t had time to see what’s in it. I also didn’t want to disturb it too much either.  She called me and let me know where to pick this up.”
“Who are you,” Chief James asked.
“I am Leonard, Clone Delta 1534 Alpha Gamma. Chief,” The bioman said, “When I got down from orbit with the contingent from Trojack, I made contact with Kellogg.  I had worked with him years ago, and knew he was working as part of the evacuation team. I also knew a couple new cut outs the company was using on Trena. We thought it might make some sense for me to use them in the hopes of drawing Hozenbur out.
“Before you asked, I have only spoken with her on the phone, never face to face.” the man said, “but she believes I am a pissed off closer who thinks the company is a good place etc.  So yesterday she told me to be ready for a phone call, and to do whatever she asked. I said sure.
“So she told me to go the lost and found at the bus station and pick up a package in my name. This is it. I brought it straight here.” Leonard finished.
“Benton,” the chief spoke up, “Have you been listening?”
“Yes sir,” the AI for the police department spoke up named after a character from an ancient story a hundred or so years pre empire. “I am getting ready to dispatch a Mounty team to the bus station to ask around.”
“Make it happen,” the chief commanded though he knew that they might not find anything. “Get me a scan tech down here, and a CSU.  I want this package scanned for prints, and forensics before we open it. I don’t want this case lost because we blew it.”
“On their way,” the computer responded.
A few minutes later the duty crime scene unit came in scanned the package. They then went on to scan Leonard for evidence. When they were done with the outside of the package they scanned the inside for forensic evidence, and then stood back a bit as their chief took a data cube out and put it in a nearby reader.  A holographic display of Hozenbur’s face floated.
“This is a message for Marshal Wilson,” Hozenbur’s image said, “but I guess we are not alone, and so to the assembled cops, investigators, etc. hello. To show you I have your halfwit wife Mr. Wilson here is a recording of it.
“Okay halfwit!” Hozenbur’s voice could be heard as the holograph turned to show Lisa, “Smile for the camera. Now speak for your husband and the news media.”
“Like what?” Lisa snapped then looked to the camera and said, “Michael come and get me away from this psychopath! Tell Abby I’m okay and let Jill know I’ll be back in time for the coronation day dance at the school! And Mylea if you let anything happen to my old man me and you will have that conversation! It may not be softly spoken!”
The image changed to show Hozenbur as she began to speak.
“I am Martha Hozenbur,” the closer spoke into the camera, “I am on my last containment and I am returning the clone Lisa CD 1984 OAP to the company. I will be making arrangements to get off world with the halfwit in my own sweet time; when I can do it safely. If you try to find me and rescue the halfwit, I will kill it. I don’t want anything.  There is nothing I am willing to receive in return for its life. I only want to get the clone off world. I’ll be in touch!”
The holograph went dark. 
“Well at least she made contact and we know Lady Wilson’s alive.” James remarked then asked, “Benton did you make a copy?”
“Yes sir,” the AI spoke up, “I have also checked the cube and have logged it to the CSI AI what I have found which was nothing.”
“Good enough,” James said, “Contact Lord Wilson, tell him I am on my way.”
“Yes sir,” the AI responded.
“Now Leonard,” James turned to the bioman, “You are going to be busted, and your face is going up on the crime net. Only your boss here will know the truth. Let us know if she makes contact with you again. I think you are the key to getting Lady Wilson back.”
“I’ll make it happen,” Corithia the commander of the Thonian Military Police had walked into the assessment room. “Sorry Leonard. Nothing personal.”
“I know,” the bioman answered.
“Chief,” The Thonian MP continued, “You know the training center we set up a few months ago? Well we beefed up the security a bit with an imperial marine security detachment patrolling the area, the air ambulance is in place, and a marine Black Guard unit is playing the bad dudes. They are working very hard.”
“Thank you commander,” the chief replied, for all practical purposes they were peers and equals. He commanded the largest police force on the planet, and she commanded the second largest one.  “Tell the guys they should be easy on those youngsters in the marines.  You don’t want to piss 'em off!”
“Oh come on chief,” the commander said, “those lads, and they are all lads need to have their wee male egos taken down a notch.  Besides they are giving my guys as good as they are getting.”
“Benton,” the chief said, “ask Chief Able if she can spare an additional EMT unit, or if the hospital can site a MAT just for the children.  It looks like the band aid unit is going to have a bit of work.”
“Oh yeah,” Corithia replied. She liked James. She and her lifemate had spent many a quiet evening in his home with him and his lifemate. His professionalism had made working on Trena easier.  It would have been a lot harder if he had put up any fight on the way her people did their job. He spoke for a few minutes with Kellogg and Corithia, and left for the Marshals residence.
Chapter 3: On High Port Station With Alice
Alice left the palace early, almost before Marshal Wilson had left for the academy. Dressed in her militia uniform with a set of orders with the XO’s signature assigning her to the security detachment on High Port Station, she left for the space port.
The day before in the secure room, she, Georgia, and Chief Atomi had discussed the next step in her hunt.  The three of them had discussed what Alice had found out. They had discussed where to go next. They agreed it was time for her to go to High Point Station to continue the investigation. To make her job easier the XO wrote orders assigning her to the computer security detail.  Georgia had thought that it might make her job more difficult and break her cover, but Mylea had said simply, the AI that was the problem would know someone would be coming up to find out what’s going on.  So this would put the AI onto her, but if Alice did what she normally did act the klutz the AI would soon discount her as a threat.  As the Marshal was heading to academy the next morning she grabbed her duffle and Bugs headed for Fletcher Royal Militia Base for her flight to orbit. 
When she got to the space port she found a line at the security checkpoint. It took her a couple of minutes to get through the checkpoint.  She found one of her friends from Langtree’s headquarters waiting to go up ahead of her. 
“Hi Alice,” the man said, he had tried to get her into his bed more than once, “Going up?”
“Yeah,” Alice replied, “they want me upstairs for some computer security work.  I guess one of their techs is heading home to Thonia so they need a replacement.  Well you know my clumsiness, “the man nodded, “well I dumped one cup of a coffee too much on one of the security team and Mac transferred me when he heard of the opening. The XO endorsed the transfer.”
“Damn,” the young NCO said, “I thought you had it made when you got reassigned to the palace. Uh let me stand behind you,” he saw the coffee in her hand, “this is my last clean shirt.”
“Not a problem Ed,” Alice said chuckling, she stepped ahead of him. This was not what she wanted!  She had logged into the security net at the port and entered a hold notice on Ed’s paperwork.   Somehow the computer got the idea that he might be smuggling some precious metals off world.  She didn’t want him on the station. He could cause some problems for her.  She cleared the check point and went on up to High Port Station.  
When she got to the station she checked in with computer security unit and found that she had the late shift and wasn’t due to be on work until 24.  As part of her in processing, the unit’s sergeant gave her the nickel tour.  She tolerated as it would be out of character if she didn’t.  But not before baptizing the young sergeant with a glass of water as she tripped over her own feet. About the time Lisa was leaving for the doctor, she checked into her room. A private one she didn’t have to share with anyone.  As a master sergeant (the transfer had included a promotion to master sergeant,) she was entitled to private quarters. She made sure the room was secure and scoped out the station. She was so involved in what she was doing she was out of the ground loop.
Deciding to get something to eat before going on watch, she stopped into a small coffee shop and found everyone watching the holo.  As she ordered food from the counter, she asked the attendant, “What’s going on?”
“Some bastard abducted Lady Wilson,” the clerk said, “It’s been on the news all day.  They think it’s a woman by the name of Hozenbur. She killed her team and injured several marines and MPs.  From the sound of things it was quite violent.”
“Were any of the protective agents hurt,” Alice asked.
“No,” Someone else said, “One of the idiots on the holo is yelling and screaming that every one of those guys should have died before they let her get taken. I can’t say I blame the guy.  They...”
“Look I know those people,” Alice cut the guy off, “I roomed with Lady Wilson’s lead agent. She is one tough cookie and if she couldn’t have stopped Lady Wilson’s abduction, she would have had to been out of it.”
“They did use stun grenades on her,” someone injected, “They said the entire protective detail went down with the grenade. Admiral Wilson was severely injured; but she managed to get a couple of them before being taken down herself. That’s one tough old bird.”
“I know,” Alice said, “I helped Admiral Wilson lay out the computer systems for their new place on Home. She’s not a techie, but she knows enough from commanding landing craft squadrons to know the right stuff to ask. I am not surprised she got a couple.  I was down on the range with her one day when she went through it like it was second nature.  Damn near 70 and she went through the range as if she was just out of Black Guard boot less than a month before.”
“But how come she wasn’t hit,” Another asked.
“Have you ever been hit with a stun grenade?” An off duty MP was lounging near the door listening to the news and the conversation. “Sometimes just a wall at the right place is enough to baffle the weapon.”
Seeing that Alice needed a place to sit down to eat her meal he pointed to the empty seat next to him.  Alice took her meal and sat down in the offered seat.
“Hi Sarge,” the MP greeted her, “I thought I knew everyone on the station.”
“Just assigned in cybernetic security,” Alice replied starting in on her meal.
“Since when do techies have to qualify on the combat range,” The MP asked.
“When they assign you to the palace as part of the detail,” Alice replied as the MP watched in open mouth fascination as she killed the biggest sandwich in the place.
“So why are you up here?” the guy asked.
“Oh routine computer security,” Alice said.
“Anything going on?” the MP asked.
“Naw, they just needed a night watch NCO.” Alice said as she went for her second big sandwich. “Mostly just supervising other techs, I don’t know why they didn’t promote from within.”
“I don’t know anything about that unit.” The MP said. “Well Leah’s waiting for me at home.  I’ll see you around Sarge.” 
“Okay,” Alice said taking the remains of her meal to the disposal cute.  As she did she sent two messages out, one to Lord Wilson, and one to Georgia. The one to Wilson was short, “if you want me back I’ll be back,” the one to Georgia was almost as short. “Are you okay? What happened?”
She went to the cyber security center and the lieutenant who ran the station’s cybernetic team.  It was a small staff, one clerk and four investigators an AI by the name of Sleuth. The lieutenant ran the unit and Alice would be his deputy. They were charged with maintaining the security of the orbital military communications network.  It meant mostly responding to reports that the system generated when an attempted hack was made or when someone reported an unusual problem with the system.  She already knew a great deal about her team, including the AI.  She was assigned to the night shift. Which was what she had planned for, the shift was quiet. Her two human investigators often spent the entire night not doing much, as nothing usually happened. She couldn’t tell them what was going on, even the AI.  
“Anything pending,” Alice asked sitting down at the desk she shared with the lieutenant after he left. 
“There was an intrusion an hour or so ago,” the AI said, “Traced it back to a transient AI on its way to Home.  Seems it got bored and decided to visit a friend on the station. She didn’t get anything from the net.”
“We’ve been back checking a couple of random intrusions.” Ka’en, she was a thonian, the senior investigator for the watch spoke up. “They’re planet based, and they got as far as the milsat comsats. Hit the fire wall and then went away.  It’s happened several times in the last week. We’re not certain where it’s coming from.  It could be a kid just screwing around, or it could be a serious attempt to infiltrate the system.  DefConnie from the Mountain reported it. Then there’s been the attempt by the ship yard to break into our command and control net and take things over. Ever since the Evacuation Command took those ships from them they have been a pain in the ass. But it’s mostly harassment letting us know they that they love us.”
“Of course you aren’t doing anything to make friends with them are you,” Alice asked, she was surprised that her intrusions had been noticed.  She thought that she had been more discreet than that. 
“Sarge,” Sleuth said, “we only give back as good as we get.”
She considered what he had said. Her mother was still furious over the attempted confiscation of the ships by orbital industries. The AI that was on the TET yard had been a close friend of her mother’s, and close collaborator in getting things done for the evacuation had become down right unfriendly since the incident.  Things that would have taken a casual conversation had turned out to needs reams of paper to get down. The Orbital Industries Consortium was giving every one grief, needless grief because of their greed.  “Sleuth, I don’t care what you do to them; but make sure it can’t be traced back to us, or the Evacuation Command. I don’t want anyone hurt, but any grief you can give them will be appreciated.”
“Yes ma’am,” Sleuth’s image, a man in a gray trench coat replied, “What about our intrusion?”
“Keep an eye for it. They didn’t get past the fire wall right?” Alice asked innocently.
“Not that they didn’t try,” Ka’en replied.
The night passed without incident.  She needed to plug into the net so she could find the Traitorous AI. But Sleuth would find out immediately.  She had not expected such a good AI on the security unit. Although humbots were used on Trena for different things, mostly they were part of some other AI, or expert system. Seldom were they independent AIs themselves. The militia didn’t use them at all.  Even for super dangerous operations they never used them. So she just couldn’t tell Sleuth that she was there, and if she plugged into the net Sleuth would know it right now. Yet at some point she would have to let the AI know who and what she was.  Or did she, she thought, could she just infiltrate the system and then if she was caught tell them a story of she was sent to check their security.  It would work nicely with the history of someone trying to get through the system from ground. She decided to plant the seed.
“Could it be that evacuation security is trying to test our security?” Alice asked near the end of the shit, “They are always trying something to ensure that our networks are secure.”
“But why bother,” the clerk said, “I mean we’re getting ready to unass this system and the crown is still concerned about security?”
“We still have enemies,” Alice said, “Not everyone is happy about us finding salvation, The Republic, the Theocracy to name two that still have operatives on the planet, and the company rogues, the ones who kidnapped Lady Wilson to name another. They need to know where our signal security is weakest so they can plot their strategy.”
“But why?” another asked, “From everything I have heard Trena will be trash in a couple of months.  It won’t be able to support life. Why would anyone one want it?”
“There’ll still be valuable stuff left on the world Including dormant AI systems, precious art, and everything else we have left behind. Lord Mercer and Marshal Wilson have been concerned about some low level activity by the Republic. The Republic is planning on coming in here and harvesting what we have left behind. They think that the Republic wants to prevent the last few thousand people from being evacuated so that they have a ready labor force when they invade after the first bombardment.”
“Is it certain that they’ll invade,” the one, who hadn’t spoken yet, Freddie Max, asked.
“The war gamers have decided it’s at best a sixty percent probability. The Marshal has ordered certain facilities set for demolition. The mountain in particular will be blown. The Queen has decided to blow her palace, and the space port will become a live fire exercise.  I was standing post when that decision was made. Wilson didn’t want to do it.  He thought it might be good to have a working space port for when we send people back to try and salvage what we left behind. General Qoum was concerned that what we left behind could be used by the Republic or by pirates to outfit their bases. They figure that if the bombardment doesn’t destroy the spaceport out right that it could be used for years. But most of the equipment will be usable even if the port takes a direct hit. 
“But the Crown doesn’t want the wrong vultures to pick over the planet.” Alice continued, “I am not at liberty to discuss what I have heard, but Trena will not be left unguarded.”
“I see,” Freddie replied.
That quieted everyone as they considered what Alice had said.
Chapter 4: Special Weapons and Tactic Training Center on Trena
The training center had been set up months before. Wilson and the Queen had allowed the Black Guard to take over a small isolated town away from prying eyes, to practice in, once it had been evacuated.  Everyone one knew that the SpecWars of the Empire, the Realm, and the Militia would be called on at some time to either make a hostage rescue, or to take out a barricade subject holding part of a town on an evacuation route hostage.  Some soul who thought he should go before others.  Various units of the Mounted Patrol, The 83rd’s Hostage Rescue Team, the Black Guard, and militia routinely practiced at the facility. At least once a month all of the units worked a combined unit operation to make sure everyone understood the other’s signals and procedures.
Specially designated special operations teams on the planet had been notified that they might be needed, and began assembling at the training center. All of the special units began assembling and all of them would play a part in the rescue of Lady Wilson.  Including one that no one had expected.
“They ain’t going to let us join them!” the driver said as the truck with the twenty men and women from the Trojack security detachment approached the training center. They were company cops, both human and biopeople. All had worked together in the company Trojack security force’s emergency strike team. When the company left, Trojack’s human company cops didn’t hesitate to defect from the company given the chance.  They had fought the company higher ups over some of the things they were required to.  The bios who worked with them knew what they had been doing behind the scenes. That was why when the company left Trojack and they stayed behind the bios had no problem accepting them. Now they were on Trena to help the people of Trena.
They knew there might be a need for their strike team, a team specially team specializing in hostage and barricade incidents. Simply because they were from the bioengineered community didn’t mean they were peaceful.  Every once in a while a clone went rouge, and the security unit had to go in. Although some people in the company would just take a kill them all attitude; others thought differently.  The team on Trojack was not the premier team in the company, but they knew their business and hadn’t lost a suspect yet.
“We’ll find out,” the fifty year old team leader said, he had spent 35 years in the hostage unit. He had trained people all over the company, and worked with all types of closers, including Hozenbur who he had sworn a blood oath against. He had to clean up one of her messes. He still couldn’t believe that Hozenbur was a company officer.
“Good morning,” the Mounty greeted them, “You’ll have to turn back. This is a restricted area.”
“We know officer,” Crandle said to the officer at his side of the car. “I am going to take out my papers and present them to you.”
“Okay,” the young officer said, as his partner took up position to blow away everyone in the truck.
Crandle presented his papers, and then asked that the officer to call the ranking officer on the post. The young officer saw that it would be best to call the ranking officer.  It just happened to be Princess Carroll.
When the princess saw who it was, she told the Mounty to let him past.  Crandle had asked permission a couple days before to train with her black guardsmen. The princess thought it would be good for everyone. Besides they were getting to know everyone’s moves.
“Okay folks.” the princess said as she led Crandle into the skull session before the first practice extraction of the day. “This is captain Crandle formerly of Ebio Security on Trojack. He is the subject matter expert for Ebio company goons.  He has worked with Hozenbur before and can help you get into Hozenbur’s head. He’s also volunteered his unit to be your opposition. Crandle?”
“Good day,” Crandall said, “first off let me assure you that my guys and girls hold no grudges against any of you.  If we do hold a grudge it is against the closers who continue to harm Biopeople who just want to be free.  I know you have been briefed about Hozenbur; but you haven’t had this.  This is a confidential file that was given to me prior to our departure on Trojack. Roy our manager, thought he had seen something where she was on Trena and I was instructed to bring her in.”
“I didn’t know that was your assignment,” the princess said, thinking that this might not be a good idea to use these people.
“We didn’t want it to be advertised because we didn’t want it to be known we were hunting her. We thought, (and still do) at the time of the assignment that since the crown is known to be hunting the woman, that if we were inserted clandestinely, then we had a better chance of nailing her.  Now with her having abducted Lady Wilson it might not make a difference.  But we can give your troops some live experience with dealing with a containment cop.” Crandall said. “I will assume that you know that there is no one Captain Hozenbur hates so much as Lady Wilson.  Lady Wilson foiled two of her biggest recoveries and has hated her for at least fifteen years.”
“So there’s a good chance we’ll be doing a recovery,” someone from the back of the room asked.
Princess Carroll bristled at that and snapped, “This is not a recovery! It’s the rescue of Lady Wilson. Anyone who doesn’t think that way is gone!”
“General,” the marine who had spoken responded, “Ma’am as distasteful as that thought is, we have to be prepared for that eventuality. If this woman is as psychopathic as everyone claims it’s a possibility.”
“She’ll only kill Lady Wilson as a last result.” Crandall said, “Hozenbur’s a torturer, and tormenter. She’ll be planning a way to harm Lady Wilson physically and mentally prior to killing her. She might induce labor to bring Lady Wilson’s children into the world and kill them before her eyes. She would find that immensely satisfying. She would let the children live long enough for Lady Wilson to bond with them, and then either kill them in front of Lady Wilson, or possibly take them from her and kill her letting Lady Wilson know that her children will be sold into slavery as she does the coup de grace.  No we won’t be on a recovery, but we might find our hostage in sorry shape.”
“We assumed that,” Lieutenant Anthony of the Trena fire department spoke up. His team had drawn the air ambulance assignment. They were the best next to the IRS; but the XO had decided that Lady Wilson would feel more comfortable with someone other than the IRS on this one. Lady Wilson had discovered that the lead medic on this team had the same empathic abilities as she had and had worked with the young medic that was part of the Lieutenant’s flight crew. “Tina will be ready. We’re also requesting an obstetrics team fly in with us.  General Langtree’s got my bird and is turning it into a mobile PICU. We should have the bird back in a few hours.”
“Do I need to say something to the general? Tell him not to be so fussy?” the princess asked.
“I doubt if he would listen to you,” A thonian who had been part of Langtree’s unit and now assigned as the forward maintenance officer for the SpecWar facility, injected, she had great respect for General Langtree, and knew how he approached his work, “but in this case if he says a couple of hours it will be not a moment longer, and possibly a lot sooner. He’s not tuning the bird; but he will make sure every piece of equipment is installed properly, and its backups are fail safe.”
“Okay what type of house would the captain choose, to hold up in,” The Mounty SWAT team unit leader asked.
“Well first off she’s not going to be in the traditional places these people hold up.” Crandall said, “She will be in a house near or at the port; or by an air facility. Some place she can make a getaway from. It may not be isolated, it may be surrounded by other houses where she can put her over watch system or have loyal people watching the approaches for her. She would prefer that as if she has to escape in a hurry there would be more places for us to search. The bad news is because of the evacuation and the amount of abandoned cars left around she’s got plenty of cars to get away with.”
“Not Really. All of the evacuees who didn’t take their cars with them were told to pull the power.  The crown didn’t want to have the cars become a problem.  They were told to park them on their lawns or if they lived in an apartment to leave them in the lot. So anything on the street is a working vehicle and should be being used by someone.”
“Well that will help some.” Crandall said, “The biggest thing you can count on is that Hozenbur will do exactly what you think she shouldn’t. She’ll hole up in the top floor of an apartment with no apparent escape path.  Just when you expect to get her you’ll find she has escaped. The one thing we have in our advantage is that she won’t harm Lady Wilson until she has too.”
“We have got a holo from her. There was enough stuff on it to give us a good idea what the room Lady Wilson is being held in looks like. The techies are a finding house that looks like it. Soon as they find it we’ll try an extraction.” The facility commander said.
“We’ll be doing a different house every day until the time they find where she is being held. We can’t all be training. We need to have a reaction force that can deploy quickly. I want to put the 83rd on alert tomorrow, the Mounties will go into crew rest and the Guard will go into practice against the opfor.”
“We can be the opfor,” Crandle injected.
“Crandle,” the princess spoke up. “We have enough folks here to be a different opfor every day. Besides they would learn your moves and be able to best you if you were to be the opfor every day.”
“May we be put into the alert rotation,” Crandle asked.
Everyone was quiet while the Princess who was the Evacuation command’s special operations commander pondered the request. She had no doubt that the team was good. When she asked Kellogg about it he confirmed that they were good. But she didn’t know how much she trusted them. She was going to let them train with her people as way to keep them close. But she didn’t want to commit them to the rescue of Lady Wilson.
Sensing that the Princess didn’t quite trust them, Crandle spoke up, “Let us earn your trust. We want to be part of Lady Wilson’s rescue, and the arrest of Captain Hozenbur. That won’t happen if we don’t work as a team. If you don’t trust us then we can’t build the team.”
The princess when she spoke did so with a little relief in her voice, “Thank you for understanding Mr. Crandle. You can be of great help to us.”
“But we have to earn you trust,” Someone from Crandle’s team spoke up. “I guess we need to get about that.”
Over the next few days the special operations team from Trojack earned if not the trust of the other special operations team they did earn their respect. Although not nearly as aggressive as the Black Guard, or the Companions HRT, they did get the job done. Often with fewer simulated casualties and usually before the hostage came to grief.
The Black Guard unit leader and Crandle were sharing a meal after a day of heavy simulations, “I thought my guys were good at infiltration. But we haven’t been able to detect you in the last couple of passes. Even the cyber watchers didn’t catch on.”
“The whole key captain is over watch and cyber skullduggery,” Crandle replied. “We have a good electronics counter measure suite to begin with and we know most of the imperial, Thonian, and Trena’s surveillance devices. The company went to great pains to know what their capabilities were.”
“That makes sense,” the captain said, “We always had trouble infiltrating your guy’s places.”
“Oh that reminds me,” Crandle said looking to one of his people across the mess hall. “Lincoln!”
“Yes boss,” the older man spoke.
“You get with the cops and the guard and let them have everything we have on company electronic counter measures and such.” Crandle called, “They’ll need that to make their infiltration and rescue!”
“Already done boss,” the man said, “I sat down with them yesterday!”
Crandle smiled his people were doing everything they could to earn the other spec ops people trust. The next day the Lor’ns, the thonians who were nominally the special operations site manager came up to Crandle. They sat with him after a practice rescue and said, “Starting tomorrow, your team goes into the rescue rotation. If you are not on when the balloon goes up we want you to be part of the over watch unit.”
“Thank you,” Crandle said.
“You are welcomed,” They got up and went about their tasks.
Chapter 5: At the Wilson’s Residence
“Good morning Maggie,” Mike walked into the kitchen to have a quiet cup of coffee with Lisa’s housekeeper. 
“Good morning marshal,” she greeted her lady’s husband. She had had a quiet conversation with the small staff that served the Wilsons. It included Francine, and Liz. It didn’t include the protective detail. That was McGregor’s concern though she would make a point of stopping by Georgia’s quarters.  The young woman was a good agent and she didn’t want her beating up on herself.  Lady Wilson wouldn’t let her, if she was present. She had just requested, never ordered, never commanded, that the staff take extra special care of their charges.  It was important that they do their job better than they had in the past. 
“What is on the agenda for my family today,” Michael asked.
“Well Colonel Wilson will be here today.  She’s picked up an additional protective agent. Miss Wilson will be inside most of the day while she is tutored by Sally McBride.  Will you be home for dinner?”
“I will be around here most of the day,” Michael said, “I shouldn’t have too many visitors.  My aid and assistant will camp out in the living room or in the den as needed. I may join the Queen for lunch.”
“The Queen’s maid has informed me that she will be joining us for lunch, as will Ambassador Gray.” Maggie consulted her calendar that popped up when she touched her implant.
“If that’s going to be a problem...”Michael asked.
“Sir,” the maid interrupted, “if one of your officers said that the general was going to come by for a meeting would you admit it was a problem?” 
“I guess not,” Michael replied, “How are you holding up?”
“Breakfast you lordship.” Maggie asked wanting to change the subject.  She missed Lady Wilson and was greatly worried about her. In all the years she had worked at Serenity she had never been closer to any of the people she had worked with. Even the admiral had become a friend.  The short time Admiral Wilson had been in the house, she had found her great company.  Sometimes when Lisa was busy with her children, and Maggie’s work had been caught up, Admiral Wilson would drop by for a cup of coffee and some company.  The two women from different worlds and years apart had found much in common to talk about. It had surprised the middle aged housekeeper. It surprised Maggie how lonely the admiral was even among her son’s family. 
“Yes,” Wilson said, “Since I am not going running for a day or so make it light.”
“Yes sir,” the maid responded. 
Wilson left the kitchen to find Georgia standing post just inside the family quarters.  Wilson saw her and said simply, “Let’s step in here for a minute Georgia.”
When they were in the study with the door shut, Wilson turned to the young woman and asked, “Did you see the video?”
“Yes sir,” Georgia replied knowing he was asking about the surveillance video that had been taken during the event. 
“Are you convinced that you couldn’t defeat a stun grenade,” Wilson asked. The girl nodded. “Good because I know I can’t! I’ve got the same problem you do my friend. I should have been with her when she went to the hospital maybe she wouldn’t be in Hozenbur’s hands. I don’t know maybe I should be flogged.”
That shook the young woman. She was upset at herself that she hadn’t prevented Lady Wilson’s abduction. But she had no idea that Marshal Wilson was feeling the same way. “Sir what could you have done? I mean it was a stun grenade and the abduction was planned by pros.  Hell even the MPs and Mounties were caught flat footed! There was nothing we could have done. Sir ....” The Georgia caught on to the Marshal. “But I feel that I have failed you.  I was surprised to find that you wanted me to stand post today!”
“Georgia, Georgia,” Michael said, “there was no way I wasn’t going to let you stand post. I didn’t want you stewing in your room about what you couldn’t do.  Prevent Lisa’s abduction.  Until my wife is returned to me I want you to be my personal agent. When Lisa comes back, and I said when; you will once again become her personal agent. In the meantime we have work to do. I understand you are the champion among the agents on the combat range.”
“Yes sir,” The woman perked up she was indeed the champion on the protective detail. “I am or was until Alice aced the combat range!”
“We’re going to the range later today or tomorrow and we’re going to waste some targets and rid ourselves of some useless frustration!” Marshal Wilson said.
“Aye sir,” Georgia said with smile. She had heard how good Wilson was. She had never had the nerve to challenge him. 
“Now let’s get some breakfast.” Wilson said opening the door to the study.
“No thank you sir,” Georgia said, “I’ve ate already.”
“Then take your post.” Wilson said, hoping he had gotten through to the young woman. She was one of the best protective agents he had ever come across. She understood the difference between protecting a subject’s life, and running it. 
“Marshal,” the young woman said as they left the study, “Thank you. Not everyone would have been so forgiving.  Some of the news people...”
“I know Georgia,” Mike said, “But Pete’s handling that.”
“Oh,” Georgia said, wondering how they were going to handle it.
Chapter 6: Press Conference III
“Good morning,” Pete said a few minutes later as he took the podium in the press tent. There were fewer people here now, maybe a hundred. Many of the local news organizations had given up as their circulation went down, and as the story moved on to Home, many of the interstellar news agencies had sent their people on to Home. So where once there might have been two hundred accredited reporters to the evacuation command there were maybe half that many here today. “I have a short statement to read.
“The evacuation command is reporting that a communication from Lady Wilson’s abductor has been received. We are not going to say much more than that in this meeting.  We have identified all of the company dead at the hospital, and will be releasing their names as soon as the company is made aware of their demise. So their families can be notified.  There were six marines killed in the incident, and no cops. The stun grenades took down a lot her opposition before Hozenbur could attack. Disoriented and confused the protective detail didn’t have a chance.  At this time the Mounties are crediting Admiral Wilson with one of the company dead.  The rest were killed by the Ebio officer.
“Now I’ll take some questions now,” Pete said knowing what the first one would be.  He was fully prepared. The news media would never forgive him. But he didn’t really care he had some good friends on that detail. 
“Why didn’t the protective detail prevent the abduction.” the first one asked, “Aren’t they trained to give up their lives for their principle.”
“That’s correct.” Pete said and nodded to a member of the Queen’s own guard as he ducked behind the podium. The guard threw a practice grenade. It was one tenth the power of a live stun grenade; but still potent. It detonated and knocked all the newsmen down. Pete waited a couple of seconds and said, “Now what was that about the protective detail being able to outsmart a stun grenade. Sometimes I think all of you people never learn the facts of life.  It is very hard for anyone who is expecting the grenade to fight it let alone someone who is unprepared for it.” His ears were ringing from the blast, “There will be no more discussion what the protective detail could or couldn’t do at the time of the assault. That is unless one of you guys is Sergeant Rock and from what I see, that little practice grenade shows you are not.  Now if you have other questions I will deal with them now.”
“What is being done to find Lady Wilson,” a woman reporter whose ears were still ringing asked.
“The Mounties have set up a command post.” Pete said, “Members of the Thonian Secret Service, and The Imperial Corps De Chameleon have offered their assistance. The Mounties have requested that their off duty officers work on special patrol routes. Many of these guys are pulling sixteen hour days and to a man they have stood up and said they will pull some extra duty.  The same is true of the Companions, and the Marines. They have been given search sectors and have been searching the deserted portions of Trena.”
“Do you think she is still on world?” A second reporter asked trying not to throw up his breakfast. 
“Yes. The Militia has now issued a hard hold on any space craft leaving the planet. Any landing craft will need to have a written flight plan. Even military space craft need to have special clearance.  All persons entering the evacuation loading zones are being positively ID with an additional check at the gate. Pregnant women are being carefully; but thoroughly checked. We’re nearly sure that she is still on the planet.”
“Could she have gotten off during the confusion?” Another reporter asked.
“No,” Pete said, “Traffic Control grounded everything.  Everything that was light on skids was ground held.  Everything that was en route to orbit was returned to point of departure. Everything in route from orbit to ground was returned to its point of departure. None of the landing craft failed to follow directions. This is SOP for anything like this.  We’re certain that she didn’t get off world.”
“What can the people do to help?” Another reporter asked. “There aren’t many of us left; but we can help somehow?”
“We are fewer and fewer,” Pete said, “But those of you who are still here, can keep their eyes open for strange things. Things that don’t fit into the neighborhood. Granted there are a lot of comings and goings in the neighborhoods. But people know what’s going on. If you see something call the Mounties! 
“Thank you ladies and gentlemen,” Pete said, “Please except my apologies for setting off the grenade.  But that was the only way to help you understand a stun grenade.”
Pete left the podium. 
Chapter 7: In the Wilson Residence
A few nights after the abduction and Jill had stayed home from the academy hoping that they would find her step mother soon.  She had been allowed to sit in on a briefing that Lord James held for her father, Queen Aggie, and Mylea.  She could see the frustration on all of their faces. They were without a doubt at their wits end trying to find Hozenbur and recover her step mother. Now a few nights after the abduction she was sitting in the study trying to work on some school work so she wouldn’t get behind when she was distracted by her father and her step sister.
“Dad, are you all right,” Jill asked watching her father where he was distractedly coloring with Abby. The two were stretched out the floor. Normally her father tried to do something with the child before she was put to bed, to give Lisa a break from the child rearing. Sometimes the two of them went for a walk, or played some game. In some respects he was trying to make up from when Jill was growing up and he had to spend so much time away from her.  Normally it was one of the best parts of his day.  Tonight, the night after Lisa’s abduction he was getting little joy out of it. He had never felt more powerless than right now.  That he had not been able to protect his wife from Hozenbur was burning into his soul.  He felt guilty about not being there with her as she went to the doctor.  He was pissed off that he had risked her safety so she could go to the doctor instead of insisting that the doctor come to her.  Even as he thought it he knew he couldn’t keep her locked up in the palace. She was his spouse, he didn’t own her. He looked up to his daughter not sure what to say.  Abby knew something was going on but not what.  
They had told Abby that her mother was visiting a client on the other side of the planet, and she would be gone a couple of days.  That would work in the short term, but not over time, Abby was a smart child for her age. When he had talked to Sally, Sally had reluctantly agreed to the charade. Thinking the child wouldn’t understand.
“Sally would you see to Abby’s bath?” Michael asked the protective agent who was sitting quietly by the study door ready to be of assistance to the family. 
“Come on Little Bear,” Sally said, “Let’s get your bath.”
“Will you tell me a story Aunt Sally,” The little girl asked as they left.
“What would you like to hear?” Sally asked leading the child away.
“Let’s take a walk Jill,” Michael said standing up.  “We need to talk.”
“Sure,” Jill answered closing the book she was unsuccessfully trying to study. 
They left the residence, and walked to the gardens. The gardens took up thirty or so acres in the center of the palace grounds.  They were some of the most secluded areas in the palace, yet fully secure. Jenny and her father’s aid were walking with them, a few feet behind them as they walked.  Jill waited for her father to start, knowing he would have to do it his way. 
“No Jill, I am not all right.” Her father took her hand, “but there isn’t a lot I can do about it.  It is almost impossible for me to not join the search for Lisa. This may be the second and last time that I have lost her and I can’t face that I may lose her forever.”
Jill said nothing, she had seen how close her father and step mother were. After her grandmother had chilled out and was talking to her again, she remarked on it to her.  Her grandmother had nodded and did not say much. Only that her father had found that one special someone, who had made it work for him. When she asked about her mother, her grandmother had said that her father had been in love with Killeen, but it was never the bond that Lisa and Mike had. 
“Yet I must,” Michael continued interrupting her thoughts after a few minutes, “face the fact that I might have lost her and that I have to go on.  Hozenbur is one mean vicious witch. She is dangerous.  I can’t figure out what is going on with this.  It makes no sense what she did. Lisa and Hozenbur have a history. Lisa has been associated with several of Hozenbur’s failures. Hozenbur tried to kill Lisa couple of times, and Lisa just survived, by out witting her. Dumped her into a life boat, or left her to die. For these Hozenbur wants her dead. When Lisa was seen on holo with me that first night it told Hozenbur where to find her.  I broke a promise baby. I promised never to put her or Abby into harm’s way.  And that’s just what I’ve done. Put them into harm’s way. Now you!”
“Dad,” Jill spoke softly, just above a whisper, “Lisa and me talked about the danger. It was one of those nights when you were out with the troops and it was just me, mom, and grand mom. She was so worried about you. Worried about all of us! She knew the danger she was in. Mom was afraid you were doing things to keep us safe, and not taking care of the business you needed to. She knew that this was the job that you were born to do. She was willing to take the risk so that the people of Trena got to safety!
“She knew that you had to do that and if she let you take her to safety she couldn’t live with her self.” Jill continued. “We just prayed that Kellogg would find Hozenbur before she could strike.”
“Now what do I do?” Mike asked.
“Dad,” Jill said sharply, “Mom would say it maybe a little more politely; but she would, and you know she would say, Worry about me; but get your ass in gear, you have a world to save now hustle your ass mister.”
They walked for a while in quiet finally leaving the gardens, as they did Wilson turned to his daughter, “Yes, you are your grandmother’s granddaughter. And Lisa would have my ass if I didn’t finish this job. I can see that she is rubbing off on you.”
Jill waked in silence for a bit and then said, “Dad I have had all types messages from the guys at school. They want to help.”
“Jill it’s too dangerous.” he said walking back towards the residence, “There is going to be death when Hozenbur’s captured. She won’t go down without a fight. I can’t and won’t let your crew help.”
“Dad some of my older cadets can ride along with the MPs and Mounties, we can do some of the jobs that are safe and will let some of your cops help with the search. My guys can direct traffic and walk security beats near the loading zones.  Simple stuff that a handful kids can do with a little adult supervision,” Jill pleaded. “Why can’t we help out? My guys want to help. They know it’s dangerous; but not as dangerous as the long march that Lamile led. But Dad if they can relieve one Mounty or MP or Companion to help find mom, then it worth doing.”
Her father walked in silence.
“Dad my guys want to help.” Jill said, “We need to be of help and this is what the Queen had in mind when she created the corps.”
“Lieutenant,” Wilson was deep thought for a while and as they turned to walk into residence he turned to his aid, who had been walking with Jenny a discreet distance away.
“Yes Marshal,” The young man said.
“I know I am supposed to be on leave; but would you get a message to the XO for me that I want the Queen’s Own Corps of Cadets to be assigned such tasks as befit young people with the Mounted Patrol, and The Companions. Tell her that some of these guys could be of use to General Langtree and that might put a few more bodies on the street. Under no circumstances are they to be put in the search of Hozenbur.” Michael ordered.
“Aye-aye,” the young militia officer replied. He noticed a change in his commander.
“And LT,” the Marshal said ruffling his daughters hair, “Be careful how you raise your children.  If they are smart, they may argue you into logical positions you can’t back out of!”
“Aye sir,” the Lieutenant chuckled. Jenny locked eyes with her charge and nodded.  Jill didn’t know if Jenny was approving the way she had cooled her father out, or because of her suggestion. Whatever it was she knew that Jenny approved of her, and for some reason even with the grief she was feeling that was enough. She had to help find her step mother. Her father wouldn’t let her kids go hunting; but there was no reason they couldn’t help out where her kids were not in danger.
Chapter 8: With the Cadets
“What do you think Millie,” Lady Hawthorne asked walking into the office that Millie usually worked out of. The sergeant had become her principle advisor when it came to the cadets. The older woman had the ability to tell Lady Hawthorne the way it was without seeming to scold or berate the younger woman. Delores didn’t know how she did it, but she did. After working all night, as the night watch sergeant for the imperial marines, she showed up bright an early at the academy to help Delores. She was connecting with the kids like few of the NCOs had.  Most, even the black guard soon were deferring to her as the academy’s top sergeant. Several of the retired NCOs had been grateful when Millie had taken over some of their duties.
“Major Atomi has talked to me about it.” Millie said, “I think we can do it, and we should. The kids need something to do after class, and this will keep them from chaffing at the bit, and keep their minds off the evacuation.  I think it’s a good blend.”
“I’ll tell Major Atomi that she should have the cadets ready to go in the morning.” Delores replied.  She looked at the pile of clothing Millie had handed her and the two gold oak leaves sitting on top of them.
Mille saw the noble looking at the pile and said, “Come on I’ll help you get ready.”
With that the two women went to Lady Hawthorne quarters where Mille helped the noble woman get her uniforms ready.
###
The next morning Mylea went to the academy.  She had picked up Jill as she drove Lamile back to school.  She had received the order from Michael the night before and saw the wisdom of it. Now as she walked to the steps to the administration building at the academy, the Corps of Cadets were turned out and ready for deployment.  As they came to attention and saluted her, she noticed that they were dressed in BDUs, about two hundred of them. They were all older kids over five crimens old, many of them around 6 crimen old. She nodded to their cadet officers and said, “As you were.”
When she walked into the academy’s main hall she found another surprise waiting for her, Lady Hawthorne also dressed in BDUs with about ten of her retired NCO instructors with her.  She was just about floored.  She had seen Deloris in work clothes and fine evening wear, and everything in between. Deloris was the type of person who could put on an elegant evening gown and have it a wrinkled mess before she walked out of her dressing room. There was always a bit of sloppiness about her.  Now dressed in BDUs she looked as sharp as the NCOs around her.
“Chief Atomi,” Lady Hawthorne said softly, “The Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets await your orders!”
Lady Hawthorne was enjoying the look on the First Officer’s face, and the consternation she was causing her friend.  She had made a long hard decision as to what she was going to do after the evacuation.  It had come to her after talking to several of the retired NCOs and Officers who were helping out at the academy. Especially Millie. She knew she would never be military, and she didn’t really want to be military, it just wasn’t her style. Yet she knew she was doing good work at the academy and to respect the young people who were in her charge, and to better communicate with the military, who made up her staff, she had decided to begin dressing as the commandant should. There were still some things she had to do.  One of the Sergeants had suggested that she go through boot. So she would know customs and protocols; she was in good shape, and didn’t have to go through the physical part, just the head part of learning how to be military.  She was considering it.
“You know Deloris, you are a sight to see,” Mylea commented, the noble woman was tricked out perfectly. She saw the single gold oak leaf on her collar and nodded, “I would have thought you would have made yourself out to be a general at least!”
“XO,” Mille spoke up, “the Queen commissioned her last night.”
“Really,” the Thonian replied, she walked around the noble woman saw that her uniform was new but not so new it would chaff her.  The NCOs had done their job again. “I see Sarge you are doing it again.” She locked eyes with the ranking NCO, a Marine Master Gunnery Sergeant who always seemed to be around the academy.  She had also seen her working with the Princess too.
“Ma’am,” the woman said looking her in the eye, “someone has to take care of you officers!”
“Indeed,” Mylea said, “Let’s talk about your deployment.”
With that they walked into a conference room off the main entrance.
There Mylea got another surprise, one that she rather enjoyed. Lamile and Jill had followed her in. She thought this would be an adult only meeting, but she soon found out different. 
“Chief,” Jill said reading from a note handed to her from one of the cadet NCOs, “My people are broken up into ten 20 man units. None of the kids is less than fifteen, and some are eighteen years old. All of them have either a cadet NCO or a Cadet Officer who will be in charge of them. They can be deployed immediately, and can stay in the field up to one week. My guys will need quarters, but they are ready for at least a week’s deployment.”
Taken aback Mylea looked at Deloris who simply nodded. Delores had learned through her tenure as head mistress of the academy what the cadets could and couldn’t do and was still learning. 
After Jill called the academy and talked to the cadet duty officer telling the young man what she had negotiated with her father, she had simply said make it happen.  The young man working with the adult duty officer put, a package together so that in the morning, they were ready. Lady Hawthorne and Lamile Atomi had been kept in the loop the entire way, and signed off on the program.  Jill’s cadet staff still had their problems, and they were still kids; but they knew an opportunity when they were offered one and made things happen for their fellow cadets.  
“I have one squad that is a security police unit; I have one unit whose cadets are all wrench benders.  They think it is fun to tear down an Elsy engine,” Lamile kind of rolled her eyes not understanding why anyone would to do that, “and put it back together.  One team is a clerical support team.  The others are just bodies.”
Impressed again, Mylea turned to Jill, “Jill. I mean Colonel Wilson, you’ve been holding out on us.  But well done! David will be happy to get your gear heads.  Most of your people will be providing over watch at the loading zones. I take it Major Hawthorne that your NCOs will be providing on site adult supervision?”
“Yes,” Deloris replied.
“Well a couple of the teams will be traffic control, for both vehicles and people. There is no reason they can’t guide people to the loading zones and to the embarkation assembly points.  That way we can release maybe thirty or forty cops.” Mylea said, “Also if you have an EMT unit I might stick them at the first aid station at the port embarkation area.” 
“Here’s your deployment.” Mylea handed a data card to one of the NCOs. They displayed the map that she and her staff had worked up.  Jill pointed to the map and looked to Lamile, “Lamile I need to stay here so this is your baby. Where do you want to deploy your cadets?”
Lamile and Jill had talked briefly by phone, and much to her surprise she had found out that Jill thought she should stay at the academy. When asked why, Jill had said, “If they find mom, I want to be someplace I can get to her or dad in a hurry.  Besides I need to see grand mom.  I can’t function out there if I am worried about dad, mom, and grand mom.”
“Jill,” Lamile had replied, “I will make you proud.  Besides this has got to be easier than managing that herd of kids I did a few months ago.”
Coming back to reality she said, “Squad one to LZ eight, Squad two and Three to logistics command, Squad four my squad will report to the police department to work with Lord James’s team,” Lamile said staring at her mother daring her to change her orders, “Squad five will be at the space port, Squad six will be at Fletcher in the MP unit. Squads eight, nine and ten will stand by as ready teams. Tomorrow, Team one will rotate into standby and Team 10 will go to the active LZ.”
“Okay,” Mylea replied “But I need a team at LZ 30, and one at Container Yard Charlie.”
Lamile looked at one of the young cadets who was her first sergeant and said, “Mitch make it happen.”
“Aye major,” the girl said. She whispered into a microphone and the display changed to show Lamile’s deployments. 
Mylea realizing who her daughter was talking was surprised to see the young woman. Her arm was in a sling; but she didn’t look to worse for wear.
“Major,” Lady Hawthorne spoke directly to Lamile, “I know you think they can stay for a week in the field; but they’ll be bused back here every night.  I want you to personally ensure that every one of your squads has adequate water, and rations.  They should be back by lights out; but plan on things happening. I’ll instruct the mess hall to have late rats laid on for your cadets.”
“Sergeant Mitchum,” Lamile said to the girl who had become the cadet sergeant major for the school, “Will you see to that please? Please double check with the cadet officers.”
“By your leave Major,” Mitch asked getting up to attend the tasks she had been given. Everyone notice her wince in pain as she stood up.
Lamile nodded and thought how far they had all come. “Chief, thank you, for allowing us to help.  I owe a lot to Lady Wilson, and then some.  Tell Uncle Mike that my boys and girls won’t let him down.”
“I am sure they won’t Major,” Mylea said solemnly. This was the time for these kids to shine and she was going to help them.  By letting them work with the authorities it solved a lot of problems for Lady Hawthorne. She knew that if you treated kids with respect and that you gave them tasks that were meaningful, within their abilities with adult support they could do wonders, “Now I got to get back to the palace. Major Hawthorne, thank you for the use of your cadets. Tony let’s get out of here.”
“Yes Ma’am,” her driver and aid responded. 
As they got in the car her driver commented, “Commander, I don’t recall my recruit class looking as sharp as those children. Children? No young adults.”
“Tony you have children don’t you?” Mylea asked as they pulled out of the grounds.
“Yes ma’am! A boy and a girl 7 and 8,” Tony answered.
“I hope your kids don’t have to grow up as fast as these kids did,” Mylea said, “But you know watching Lam grow into her adulthood has been a wonderful thing.  It’s been hard to accept her as nearly grown, but she...”
“I know Chief,” Tony agreed he had been Mylea’s driver off and on for a couple of years, he remembered Lamile all of fourteen standard years old trying to look so grown up in the prom dress she wearing to her first prom. “She’s quite a young woman, our Lady Atomi.”
“That she is Tony,” Mylea replied thinking of her daughter’s growing up, the skinned knees, the fights, with her, and the neighbor kids, the type of stuff kids got into. The good times too. The time she met the Earth Emperor, when Mylea was stationed on Earth for a while and the kid still in diapers had upchucked on the ruler’s suit jacket. She smiled at that. Yes her baby has grown up she commented to herself wondering why it was so damn hard to accept! 
###
Lamile’s group was dropped off at the back door to central police station, as she followed her cadets out of the bus Frazier the police department AI’s voice could be heard, “Lady Atomi arriving with Ssquad 4 of the Queens Own Royal Corps of Cadets!”
James had told the AI he wanted honors rendered to Lady Atomi.  He had found out that she had never been honored since her coronation ceremony elevating her to a Trena noble woman. She was a knighted lady of the Trena nobility; although she was young; she was still a noble woman, and James wanted to also let Lamile know that it had been some feat she had pulled off bringing all those children in.  He wished he could bring out the honor guard but that would be inappropriate.  He met her in the central police station’s main conference room.  As she walked into the briefing room, where ten or so Mounties were discussing their assignments, a voice by the door called softly, “Welcome Lady Atomi!”
When the room saw who was with their chief they began to clap.  All had heard of what she had done and some had been there when her kids marched to safety onto the landing craft.  Lamile nodded trying not to show her embarrassment, she turned to the chief, “Where do you want us Sir Patrick.”
“We have this area here we want searched.” James said, “Kellogg, would you brief Lady Atomi.”
“Yes sir,” Kellogg said and winked at the young woman. He knew what the chief was doing and why, he saw how uncomfortable Lamile was and said, “Major, we want your kids to canvas this area here. We want you to go door to door, and ensure that each house is abandoned. When you check a house and find it empty, you will insert this card in the lock and it will secure the house.  The door won’t open until someone puts the command key in.”
“What about doors where the security system doesn’t work, or there isn’t any?” Lamile asked.
“Mark it with red X.” he pointed to case spray paint on the table, “One of the cops covering you will note it and secure the door. When the door is secured, post this sign on the door.”
The sign said, “DO NOT ENTER BY ORDER OF THE CROWN!”
“Post it so the sign is over the jam. The sign then acts like crime scene seal.” Lord James said, “Just so you all know.  To cut down on looting, the Crown and the Evacuation Command have issued an order that should one of these doors be reopened, or should someone be found in a secured building, they can be shot on sight. Now there are a lot salvage companies who are salvaging whole neighborhoods; , but when they are done they have to secure the building. All of their people have to wear green helmets stenciled with the word Salvage on it. Salvage companies and their personnel are to announce where they are working and have to hold a crown warrant with an ID for each of their people. The cops have deadly force authorizations when they catch people looting a house without proper ID and warrants.”
Lamile nodded, and said, “I think we can do this.  I do want a police officer nearby in case we stumble across something.”
“Major,” a man in the back of the room spoke up, “I am Sergeant Mave.  I will be your Mounty liaison. I’ll have one or two of my guys nearby at all times with you.  If trouble finds you, get your people to safety and lets us take care of business. Just so we understand each other Major Atomi, I will not be the one to tell Chief Atomi how her daughter came to grief.”
“Lady Atomi,” Another officer said, “that goes for all of us. We already lost the boss’ wife we ain’t going to lose the chief’s daughter.”
“Amen, right on, triple that from me,” Various officers said.
“Well,” Lamile said when the cops settled down. “Trust me I don’t want you to have that conversation with my motherm e either.  After she chews on you a bit, she’ll start to work on my anatomy. That is if there is any left.”
That brought the room to laughter.
Kellogg let it go for a while, “Lamile, I am heading up the search for Lady Wilson. There will be search teams all around you. I don’t expect that you will come to grief;, but there will be some help nearby.  We will be checking homes that we know may have someone in them. If you see one of our teams just back away and let them do their job.”
“What happens if we find some on in athe house were checking,” Lamile asked.
“Get their name,” Lord James answered, “and give them this.”
This was a letter that explained about the consequences of missing their evacuation date. Mostly that the crown and evacuation command would not be responsible for what happened to them. Considering the Command was picking people up and taking them to their embarkation point there should be no missed evacuations.
“Anything else?” Lamile asked.
“No.” Kellogg answered.
“By your leave chief,” Lamile asked of Lord James.  He nodded, and hoped that he wasn’t making a mistake. Mylea had been very unhappy when Lamile had gone on her journey. Even though it had been wildly successful.  Mylea was technically his boss now, not he, hers. She could give him a rough time if something happened to her daughter.  The truth be known, he would kill anyone who brought harm to his two children, though they were grown and had children of their own. Once they were gone, he turned to Kellogg, “Kellogg if anything happens to those kids.”
“Lord James,” Kellogg replied, “I have made reservations for both of us to Dungeon.” Dungeon was a prison world ran by the Galactic Council. Only the very worse criminals were sent to Dungeon, “That will be the safest place for us to be should anything happen to Lady Atomi. I know the line will be headed up by Chief Atomi, then the Marshal, then the Queen, then Francine, and that’s after you chew on me or I chew on you!”
“Okay Kellogg,” James returned, “You ready to brief me? Or do you want to go out with the field teams?”
“Between your best guys and my best guys,” Kellogg commented, “I don’t need to be with them. I’d just be in their way. Let’s do the brief; or would you like to make arrangements with the palace to brief the Wilson family and the Queen.”
“We really don’t have much,” Jamieson mussed, “We really don’t have much to share with them. We have set up a briefing schedule. No news; is no news and there is no reason to brief them out of schedule.”
“Let me brief you on what we have cooking and you can decide to take it to Marshal Wilson, and Queen Aggie.”  Kellogg said.
Chapter 9: Traitor
Father Pierce had been working as a common labor at one of the salvage companies.  He was now called Jonas Meeks, a refugee from the Theocracy.  He was one of many people that the Kingdom knew about, but wasn’t certain who they were.  The census by the Kingdom and backed up by Lady Hawthorne’s girls had been fairly complete. But no census was ever 100% accurate. There were always people who were missed, not counted, whose record appeared to be duplicated and thus suspect. Even as tight as the space port was people got in and out.  Father Pierce was counting on that.  He was paid in cash every day, and while his needs were meager, things were getting expensive in Trenaport. Simple meals were now ten times more expensive than what they had been on the day of the announcement. Yet if one wasn’t picky, he could live fairly cheap. 
As he worked every day with either the load crews for the salvage companies, or occasionally with the evacuation load teams he became aware that his view about the Trenan people was changing. He had been told and taught all of his life that the people of Trena were devil worshipers, that they had no soul, and were godless. Before he left the Holy World, the Keeper of the Faith, the highest theologian of the Theocracy had explained to him that he was being sent to Trena to help the Lord bring the godless people of Trena to their maker. That the asteroids that will impact on Trena was God’s way of telling the people of Trena it was time to find the One God and to atone for their sins.  His job was to help god bring God’s justice to the people of Trena. When he first got to Trena he was certain he was doing God’s work. Even when he blew the dam he knew that he was doing God’s work.  
Now he wasn’t so sure.
It seemed to him if God really wanted these people to perish then they would not have the resources and people to help them.  God had given them the Marshal, and his team.  They had worked night and day to help the people of Trena.  Some of his team had said that the devil had allowed them to succeed.  But now; he wasn’t sure that the priests and the College of Cardinals were not working on behalf of the devil.
He had been reading Trena history.  He spent considerable time in the libraries reading the history of the Free World relationships with the rest of the universe.  He had found that the Free State was no angel as worlds went.  He had found that in the past some of their dealings with others might have been questionable, but usually only when one of the worlds they were dealing with gave them a bad deal. They were tough, and usually didn’t go out of their way to harm anyone. He had found though that the version of history that he had learned in the seminary was not the same as that in the Free State and where he could get to the information that of other star nations it differed too.  He had found in his reading that most of the rest of the galaxy considered his home world a bad actor. Even their ally the People’s Republic felt that they should be tolerated at best as neo barbarians.  Yet Trena attacked no one. They had a live and let live attitude.  It wasn’t until the damn break that Trena had made followers of the Church of the One God criminals, and even then they only demanded that the church leaders turn themselves in to the authorities. Once in Mounty HQD they interrogated the priests only to see if they knew where he and his team were.  Several of his team, had been killed in a fire fight a few weeks ago when someone had given them up. Ever since blowing up the dam he had been keeping a low profile.  Now as he sat eating his dinner in a quiet out of the way café he saw a familiar face.  A face he hoped he wouldn’t see ever again.  
“Outside” the man said, and left.  Father Pierce sat there a few minutes and actually considered not meeting with the guy. But he would stay out there until the priest left the café. There was little to no chance he could avoid him, or the man’s team. Resigned, he got up and left the café.
“Let’s walk,” The man said.  Both men knew that with all of the expert systems, and artificial intelligent computers around that there was more than a good chance they would be spotted by one of them, if not by them then the police. So they wanted to make it harder for the AIs by walking randomly around this part of the city.
“I have a job for you.” the man said once they started walking. 
“What sort of job?” The priest asked.
“I have become involved with the abduction of Lady Wilson.” the man said, “I agreed to provide over watch for Captain Hozenbur’s safe house. I need some help.”
“What type of help,” The priest asked.
“I need the Evacuation Command distracted so they can’t look for her. Or if they get close to the safe house I need you to tie up their HRT and SWAT units so we can move the clone. If you can blow a couple of things up, spectacularly blow up a couple of buildings it will help. If you could cause a major crash at the port or from one of the EVAC LZ the day after tomorrow then it would help.”
“Why?” the priest asked.
“The republic is going to invade the free state in a couple of weeks, and they want the evacuation command so thoroughly distracted that they are unable to respond to the invasion force.  So they figure to let Hozenbur have her fun with Lady Wilson, and to messily kill her so the Marshal will be so incapacitated by the loss of his wife that he won’t be able to command the militia as they respond to the invasion.  The command team, the Marshal, the Queen, Chief Atomi are very close to each other.  So the President figures that while they are grieving that we can attack.”
“Not a good idea Max,” the priest said, “Your intelligence people don’t know this command team as good as they think they do.  Right now Chief Atomi is the Marshal Dejour. She is now in command of all military on the planet including the Black Guard, the Thonians, the Trena Militia, and the unit that just came in from the clone world. It also includes the attack carrier Majestic, and Rommel and all military assets in and about Trena. She is one tough lady.”
“But she’s only a cop,” the agent said, “What does she know.”
“She is advised by General Qoum of the Trena Militia, Princess Carol, commandant of the Imperial Marines, Commander Larenth Ahnian of the Thonian Defense force. She is liable to let them run the defense show if anyone attacks. Besides although they didn’t activate them during the emergency every adult over eighteen and still strong enough and healthy to carry arms will take them up and help their military.  They may be losing this planet; but they are not about to let anyone take it from them.”
“But they will be unlawful combatants!” the agent said, “They’ll be killed or sent to prison.  Only the uniformed military is allowed to fight an invasion.”
“No sir,” the priest said, “I can be arrested and executed as a spy and a terrorist; but the Trena Conventions allow planetary populations to take up arms to defend them and their world against an invader.  You might want to send back an updated profile and advise them of all of this.”
“I did and they said they thought that because the population will be smaller and the militia drawn down that they have a good opportunity to pull it off.  I have my orders, and the Republic has asked for the Church’s help. They gave me your contact information. They told me to use you. If they get close I want you to cause as much havoc around the site as possible.”
“Most of my team has been killed and those that are left are in deep cover I don’t know how to get a hold of them.”  The priest lied. He could get a hold of them any time he needed.  He just didn’t think this was the right task to bring them out. He didn’t think it was worth their life for an invasion that was doomed to fail.
“Here’s the safe house location.” The agent said, “I won’t see you again, but should you not help me and our plan doesn’t go on as planned I will be in touch.”
The priest nodded and watched the man walk on.  He wasn’t going to participate in their plan, but he had to play along. There were a couple of places he knew he could blow up. There was a town with a brotherhood supply dump. It needed to be destroyed.  Although he had been keeping a low profile, he was making sure that some of the Holy World’s property was disposed of, or if they could point a finger back to the pope they were at least destroyed.  Later as he walked to his sleeping room in the boarding house he knew he couldn’t do it. 
Chapter 10: On the HPS Valiant.
When Admiral Joyce Wilson was first injured on Trena, she had been taken to the Hospital Patrol Ship Valiant. The men and women of the Interstellar Rescue Service were not going to take any chances with one of their admirals, even if she had been retired for a couple of years. Ironically the Valiant was Admiral Wilson’s first command tour as a Landing Craft Squadron Commander. It was where she had met her husband almost thirty years before.  She was their admiral, even though she had never shipped aboard the Valiant after she got her eagle and made captain. She was part of the ship’s legend.  Now the legend had come back to her roots.  None of the crew had ever shipped with the admiral before, but several of the pilots had been one of her students over the years, either in primary flight where she had retired from or in the advance flight school.  She was known as the Iron Maiden for her toughness on the flight deck when training young pilots. More so to the commanders who would command the pilots on a hospital ship or on an attack carrier!  She had caused many a pilot to think about changing their career path.   Many of the squadron commanders had come back to Mars and had made a point to leave her some remembrance from their first cruise as a squadron commander.  Through the years when one of the nuggets she had given their primary flight training to, had made squadron commander, they had left her their nugget wings. She was well respected in the fleet, and even though thought to be a royal pain in the ass she was loved by the fleet.  She would never be a starman’s admiral, but it was well known throughout in the fleet that her pilots brought their charges back to the ship in good shape.
Outside her hospital room where they had yet to awaken her from the deep sleep they induced so that her injuries could heal a bit faster and she wouldn’t fight the drugs, a Marine Black Guardsmen stood guard at the door. The Admiral was almost as well loved by the marines as the IRS.  Not only was she their most famous marine’s step mother, she was also one of the few IRS, or Imperial Navy Pilots, who knew the sharp end of the stick and how the marines used it. She had been at one time prior to her husband’s death, a member of the Black Guard. Only a hand full of pilots ever qualified for the Special Forces. Being a flag officer, the Valiant had opened one of its VIP suites for her. In the reception area to the suite, pilots who had been trained by her had left get well cards. A few of them had left a bloody glove where they had taken their dress uniform saber, drew it across their palm and with blood flowing had taken their white uniform glove to stop the bleeding, swearing a blood oath to get the person who had done this to their admiral. 
Joyce knew nothing of this. She had been in a medically induced coma for most of the week while the treatment the hospital staff had commenced took.  They knew from her records that the fast healing tanks used by other sick or injured people didn’t work for her.  So the chief surgeon of the ship, a man on his first chief surgeon tour, kept her under while drugs and nanobots repaired the damage. Finally with most of the damage repaired with only a small laceration left that the nanobots would heal, the surgeon decided to wake her up.
“Chris,” the surgeon turned to the nurse who was in charge of the VIP suite, “It will be an hour or so before she wakes up, but I don’t want her left alone. If you need to leave for any reason you get someone up here pronto.”
“Sir,” the nurse who had been aboard the Valiant when Joyce was injured the first time years before, was in the emergency room when they had brought her in this time.  She had always felt a bit guilty for not being good enough then.  She was now very good at her job. “I or one of my girls will be here until she is awake.”
“Okay lieutenant,” the surgeon said, “I’ll have the captain call Admiral Wilson’s family.”
The surgeon left as the nurse started to make her charge presentable. She pulled the blanket up around her a bit, brushing her hair as best she could, and making her comfortable. She also dimmed the lights a bit and brought up some gentle music.  When the admiral awoke, she wanted the admiral to be in the most serene, calming environment she could manage. She also brought in some of the flowers from the sitting room. She settled down for a bit of a wait. It wasn’t long, about an hour later her charge started to stir.
“It’s okay admiral,” Chris laid her hand on the woman’s good hand, “You’re in good hands, you’re aboard the Valiant. I’m Chris your nurse.”
“What...” Joyce said her eyes opening, she looked at Chris, then around and said, “Oh shit they got the arm again.” She started to move her arm but it was still immobilized.
“You can’t move the arm as we have it in an isolation field.” Chris said, “Who are you?”
“Rear Admiral Joyce Wilson,” the older woman said, “the last thing I remember is a fire fight and me getting shot.  Where’s my daughter in law.”
“Admiral,” the nurse said carefully, “Lady Wilson was kidnapped by the woman who did this to you. There isn’t much known about her whereabouts, but we know her to be alive. The Marshal will be here in a little while.”
“I got to get to Mike and my granddaughter.” the retired admiral said, “They must be in sorry shape.” She struggled to get out of bed.
“Easy Admiral,” Chris said, “you are in mild restraints while the nanobots finish up with your arm.  You didn’t have it shot off this time. Only a break and a bad cut; but until the ‘bots finish their work you are not going anywhere.”
“I have to get to my family,” Joyce said, “You’ve got to let me go to them.”
“Easy admiral,” the surgeon walked in. “You keep thrashing around like that and you’ll mess up some of my best work. That will piss me off. And it will delay you getting home another week. Nurse shut the restraints down to one eighth power.” 
The nurse tapped a command on her pad and the restraints lowered their strength.  The surgeon tested Joyce’s hand strength. He also had the nurse adjust field so that it allowed her to move her elbow and hand a bit.
“Well admiral,” the surgeon said, “It’ll be another day at least before we can release you.  The nanobots are sewing up the wound and repairing the muscle damage. I won’t allow you to be even medically transported until they are finished.”
Resigned to her fate, she said, “Commander, can you hook me up with a com, and get someone to tell me what’s going on?”
“Chris,” the surgeon said, “See that she has a com, and I’ll see if the intel officer can come down and give you a briefing. Oh the Marshal and your granddaughter are en route they should be here in a little while.”
“Tell me what happen to my arm,” the woman finally asked.
“During the fire fight after you had accounted for I think the MPs said two of the bad guys you took a round in your radius. The round took a two centimeter piece out of it. The ulna wasn’t harmed at all. Some muscles and blood vessels were messed up. The Medics at the Evac Hospital got to you soon enough to control the bleeding. They supported you by giving you fluids. The bots rebuilt your radius and have just about finished with your arm muscle and skin.  It’ll be another day before they will be done. The bots controlled a little bit of infection, and fixed a little bit of damage from your earlier injury. Once the bots are done you shouldn’t have any restrictions.” 
“I got lucky,” Joyce said, “Thank you commander. You say Mike and Jill are on their way up?”
“Yes,” The commander said.
“Chris can you get me a robe or something,” The admiral asked. They had seen no need to clothe her while in isolation and no one; but the doctors and nurses treating her they had covered her with a blanket for modesty and that was all. 
“Sure thing,” Chris said going to a closet where a robe that was the admiral’s size was waiting for her to put it on.
###
The flight of three space landing craft approached the HPS Valiant. Evac 1, the landing craft carrying Marshal Wilson to the HPS Valiant was being escorted by two space air superiority fighters from the militia. Because of the kidnapping, Marshal Wilson and his family never went anywhere without a beefed up protective detail.  Before it would have been Mac and one of his team members escorting the Marshal, now it was a six man team. They were very obviously armed. When they went anywhere on the ground they were escorted by two weapons jeeps with the heavy laser mounts manned and ready. They had already lost Lady Wilson.  No one was taking a chance with the boss. Although Wilson didn’t want it, he knew what was going on. His team was making sure that Hozenbur didn’t get him. She wanted to cause his wife as much grief as she could and get him in the process.  She was playing a mental game. She wanted him and the evacuation command so rattled that they couldn’t do their job.  She wanted to get even with the clone as pay back for all things she had one to her.  She didn’t care if half a million people died in the process as long as she got her vengeance.  The protective detail wasn’t about to let her try to get to him. The one thing she had succeeded in doing was diverting resources that were needed for the evacuation.  He didn’t need this type of protection.  Now as the flight approached the hospital ship the escorts peeled off and began to fly a Combat Space Patrol about the hospital ship.
As the landing craft settled to the flight deck and pressure was brought up on the deck, an honor guard of marines and star men formed up on either side of the ramp from the landing craft. The Captain and the Chief Surgeon were waiting with the honor guard.  As Wilson stepped down the ramp, thinking only of how his mother was doing the 1MC bellowed.  “Evac 1 arriving.” 
As he and Jill stepped aboard the Valiant, the NCO in charge of the detail bellowed, “Present Arms!”
As the Honor Guard snapped to attention the boson put a pipe to her lips and piped Wilson aboard. It was the only time in his life that honors had ever been bestowed to him as he stepped aboard a ship.  Especially this one!  Normally when he had stepped on board an HPS he had been coming back from a deployment to protect the doctors, or had been the reason they had been deployed to come and get him, and he was in a casualty liter headed for the hospital, not the marine berthing spaces. He nodded to the Chief and the Sergeant as he returned their salutes, and went to where the Captain and his Chief Surgeon were waiting. He thought that the honor, while appreciated was out of place. He wasn’t making an official visit to the ship he was coming up to visit his sick mother. He considered if he should say something to the captain.
“Welcome aboard Sir Mike,” the captain greeted the marshal.
“I was hoping to visit. But not like this.” Mike answered, “How is she?”
“Doctor O’Keefe has taken personal charge of the admiral’s care.” The captain introduced the chief surgeon.
“Yes sir, we met earlier this week.” Although the surgeon usually refrained from the honor brigade, this time he couldn’t nor would he avoid it.  The admiral was a legend among the IRS and her son was equally a legend among the marines. “If you’ll follow me I’ll take you to the admiral.”
As they walked through the ship to the VIP quarters in the hospital, marines and starmen all seemed to be in the passageway to lay their eyes on a living legend.  Jill watched her father react to the attention.  She could tell that he was little embarrassed by it; but was also enjoying it. He never got a chance to be around common soldiers, or police officers doing their jobs, he spent most of his time now around admirals, generals, and high ranking civilians.  Finally the Senior Chief who was escorting them bellowed, “All right you apes, get your asses back to work! What do you think this is? A cruise ship?  Now hustle your butts to where you need to be!”
With that the crew drifted away. As they entered the VIP suite the marine on duty came to rigid attention. 
“As you were,” Wilson commented softly.  “Jill, please wait here while I see mMom.”
“Okay Dad,” Jill said and noticed the gloves on a small table by the door to her grandmother’s room as her father entered it. She picked one up to look at it better. sSeeing the dark red brown stain across its palm and asked, “What’s this?”
“Miss Wilson,” The young marine on duty began. He was only a few years older than Jill. He had to ask what the pile of gloves meant when he saw them for the first time on table outside the admirals room.  “The officers and enlisted people have sworn a blood oath that your grandmother’s assault will be avenged. Every glove on that table represents one officer or enlisted man who has sworn such an oath.” 
“I see,” Jill said looking to Mac and Georgia to see if they understood. The look on their face said they did. “My family is honored that your officers and fellow enlisted would swear such an oath.  Truly honored!, But it would be just as much a tragedy for one of you to wind up in sickbay or in this ship’s morgue because you took matters into your own hands. Pass the word private that if anyone gets in the way of the authorities trying to rescue my mother, I’ll dine on their bones.!”
“Yes ma’am,” the private said. Later when he went off duty and was talking with his squad mates, he repeated word for word what Jill had said, in hours every marine in the fleet knew that Jill Wilson could be as tough as her old man and grandmother. 
“Come in Jill,” Michael said through the open door.
“How are you grand mom?” Jill asked.
“I have had better days,” Joyce said, “Looks like I’ll be a bit delayed in getting the house built on Home.”
Georgia followed Jill into the room.  She wanted to see the admiral.  Joyce looked up and saw Georgia, and said, “Mac. Georgia is assigned to me. Make it happen!”
“Aye-aye Admiral,” Mac said, he had walked in with Jill, and Georgia. He turned to protective agent, “Georgia, please take your post.”
“I am only borrowing you young woman,” Joyce said, she knew what was going through the young woman’s mind, and while it showed a good deal about Mac’s leadership, she knew Georgia’s soul would still be hurting.  “When Lisa is back among us, you are going back to her as her primary agent.”
“If she’ll have me,” Georgia replied. “I messed up Admiral Wilson.”
Jill’s father sighed, but knew there was nothing he could do about it. He had been there and understood what she was going through. 
“Georgia,” her grandmother continued, “I am sure she will.  You couldn’t have prevented that abduction. Hell the marines, and MPs couldn’t stop it and they were much better armed than you were.”
“But if I could have gotten her attackers!” Georgia said she felt immensely guilty for having lost Lady Wilson. She had been very surprised that Mac had let her stand post with the rest of the team. This was the second time her charges had been harmed because she wasn’t good enough. Not only did they get Lady Wilson; but injured Admiral Wilson because of her inability to do her job.
“Looks like the doctors will be releasing me tomorrow. “ Joyce said changing the subject, “How are you guys holding up.”
“Mom,” Michael said, “We’re doing okay. I am very worried.  I know Hozenbur, is an animal. I know what she is capable of. I try not to think about what she might be doing to Lisa. I also pray that we find her fast. As for Hozenbur I hope to hell that she is killed in the assault because if she comes out alive I will kill her with my own hands. I’ll show her what a Marine Black Guardsmen is capable of when pissed off and provoked!”
“Dad!” Jill said sharply, “Lisa will kick your ass. That last thing she wants is for you to go berserk getting to her or Hozenbur, before, during, or after Hozenbur’s capture.  The Queen will also kick your; but as will Aunt Mylea, if you don’t let the courts convict and execute that bitch.  But you will let the system work.  You trained them, you lead them, and you will by god let them do their job. Just like you have told me on occasion!”
“Marshal,” his step mother commented, “I think you got the wrong grade on that girl!”
“I am beginning to wonder,” Michael replied wondering how to react to his daughter.  He was realizing that with every passing day, Jill was no longer the little girl he had left on Mars. 
“Sounds like a chief I had in boot.” Joyce said, “Or like a certain young marine I knew when I was going through Black Guard Beast!” 
A little sheepish at having lashed out at her father, Jill didn’t say a word.  They visited with Joyce for a while, when she tired they took their leave.
As the landing craft left the flight deck and headed back to the planet, a bemused Wilson turned to his daughter and said “Pass the word private, that if they get in the way of the authorities trying to rescue my mother, I’ll dine on their bones.”
Jill looked sheepishly at her father.  She hadn’t realized he had heard her.
“Couldn’t have said it better myself.” The older Wilson said, “I see the academy is wearing off on you.”
“No,” Jill said, “Just your daughter, and Grand mom’s granddaughter. You two have been very instrumental in my upbringing.”
“Jill,” her father said, “You should have seen the look on your grandmother’s face when she heard you speak to that marine.”
“Marshal,” Mac spoke up he had kept his marshal in eye sight when he had gone in to talk with his mother, “As exquisite as the admiral’s expression was, yours was better!”
Wilson let loose with the first good laugh he had, had since Lisa capture. “I image so.”
As they landed on the palace landing pad, Jill’s fate was being sealed on Home.
Chapter 11: At Hozenbur’s Safe House
Hozenbur was bored.  She had taunted and teased Lisa. Either the halfwit didn’t care what happened to her or she was trying to pay head games with Hozenbur.  Normally she could figure out a captive and how to break her. Sometimes it took days sometimes only an hour or so.  Usually the delta’s, with their high intelligence, it was a simple thing to break them, their high intelligence allowed Hozenbur to plant ideas and visions of what could happen to them if they didn’t cooperate.  The clones usually broke when their imaginations got the best of them. 
Not Lisa.
She was still considering having her raped but didn’t want to risk exposure when she had to dispose of the rapist.
Hozenbur pulled up Lisa’s file on her pad, hoping to find a way to break her. She had read and reread the halfwits file many times over the years. She had gotten everything she could about the clone.   She had dug through the company records about her creation, and training. She was trying to find some key that would unlock the clone’s soul. She had come up from all the reading that a lesbian rape would break her. As she read she had learned that it was suspected that when a company manager tried to forcefully have sex with her that was when her conditioning was broken.  The conditioning that made her loyal to the company had been shattered by that attempted rape.  So Hozenbur thought another rape by a woman would send the half wither over the edge.  It had taken a day or so but Hozenbur found a woman predator that brutalized woman. She had instructed the woman have forcible sex with the clone, but not harm the halfwit. Usually the woman left her victim badly beaten and dead. This seemed to annoy the assailant. Lisa not only seemed to enjoy it. Not only enjoyed; but seemed to know it was going to happen and was looking forward to it. Pregnant and all, the clone had looked forward to it! Nothing in the clones file said she was bisexual. 
Now having showered and cleaned up after the rape Lisa sat quietly in an easy chair, not bothering to get dressed again.  She hadn’t wanted to have sex with anyone but Michael; but suspecting Hozenbur would do something like this she had looked forward to messing with Hozenbur’s mind! She didn’t want to do anything that helped Hozenbur. She had to survive until Michael rescued her. She knew Hozenbur had plans to let her live long enough to bare her children.  So Hozenbur wouldn’t do anything to hurt her. Not until the twins were born. Lisa knew this and was going to use it against the closer.  She was doing her own physiological warfare against the closer. Yes her conditioning had been broken by a failed rape attempt. Yes it was a memory she didn’t like. But she had experienced it and had gotten over it.  She knew how bad it could be and knew how to deal with it.  Now as she sat naked taunting Hozenbur do something rash she knew Michael would rescue her. But she was going to help him along.
Hozenbur had come up from the basement where she disposed of the rapist, saw the clone lounging on the sofa naked and yelled, “Get your clothes back on or I will come in there in punch you in the stomach. I don’t care if those babies are born alive or dead. So cool out and get some clothes on.”
She thought about fighting her on this; but the children’s safety came first.  She had just given Hozenbur an edge on her.  She needed a way to break her.  She knew it and now Hozenbur did too. Damn! Lisa thought to herself.  “How the hell do I fight this? I won’t give her the pleasure of killing Mike Jr. and Joyce. No way.  I have to make her make stupid mistakes.”  She tried her implant again and found she was out of range of any wifi network.
The loss of her implant while not critical was driving her nuts.  There had only been a couple of days or a week at a time when she couldn’t use her implant. She had, had her implant since she had been ten. It had been one of her biggest tools. It had always helped her when treating a patient by being able to link to the patient medical records and dictate what she found or review them as to what was going on with the person before her.  It also allowed her to communicate quietly with various people.  But not Mike; her husband couldn’t tolerate one. It had something to do with his now dead Esper abilities. If she could just link to a computer she could get a message out. 
Hozenbur didn’t have any communication devices in the house.  The street was so deserted and isolated that she couldn’t ping a passing car or link to home’s wifi system. Her implant only had a range of a thousand feet.  The first few hours she had been awake she had tried to find a connection.  She had tried to walk out of the force; field but the computer wouldn’t turn it off. It was tuned to Hozenbur. The computer was the same type that was used in high security jails and prison where it couldn’t receive any remote commands and had to be hand programmed with a retina scan. There was no way she was going to get out of the box she was in from the inside. Knowing this she resigned herself to a long wait for Mike to get to her.  Then she would take care of business.
Chapter 12:  The End of a Very Long Day.
They were pulling into the academy after a long day working with the police to find Lady Wilson. They had lost track of the number of homes that they had searched, and they were all bone tired. Lamile wanted to do nothing but find a piece of mattress and read the back of her eyelids for a few hours. No one was paying any attention to them as they pulled up before the mess hall.
The truck stopped before the mess hall.
As they filed out Lamile noticed that there were several adults and kids on the grass before the mess hall looking into the sky.
“What’s going on,” Lamile asked.
“This is the first night we can see the asteroids,” Someone replied. 
“Are they that close?” Lamile asked searching the sky. Sergeant Lucas pointed them out to her. They were not much bigger than the stars in the night sky. She could hardly see them even though her eyesight was in the near infrared.
“I can hardly see them,” Lamile commented.
“They are about two months out.” Someone said, “From here on out we’ll be able to see our damnation.”
“How did it go Major,” Sergeant Lucas asked seeing the young woman. Lamile still thought it was someone else who they were talking about when they called her major, or Lady Atomi.
“Not good,” Lamile said following the cook into the mess hall. He had sandwiches for them. When Lamile saw the chocolate chip cookies she smiled. Sergeant Lucas always seemed to know how to treat the cadets. 
“Thank you sergeant,” Lamile bit into a cookie, “We didn’t find Aunt Lisa, but we found several people hiding in abandoned homes.”
“How you holding up Major,” The sergeant asked. Sergeant Lucas was like an uncle. He seemed to be there when one of the cadets needed an adult to talk to. He wasn’t as imposing as Lady Hawthorne, or Sergeant Green. There was always a mug of coco for a cadet and a willing ear. What Lamile didn’t know was that the sergeant was playing his part. Millie Green had asked him to stay on and be the person she couldn’t be. As the lead NCO for the school she couldn’t be mother confessor, or the one that the cadets came to when they were in trouble or needed a friendly adult. She was part of the disciplinary chain for the cadets.
“Oh we’re all tired,” Lamile said as Rhonda, one of the kids from the long march came up to her. She held a plate for both of them. Lamile took it as the cadet sat down with her own dinner. “We did a lot of walking today. And we spent a lot of time in cars. We can’t be doing this every day.” Lamile said seeing Mitch come in. 
She was worried about her young friend. She still winced every once in a while as she did when she sat down. Though Mitch hid it well Lamile could tell she was in a bit of pain. Mitch would deny anything was bothering her if Lamile asked.
“Major,” Mitch sat down with them, “this came in from Serenity for you.”
“From Jill,” Lamile asked. She was terribly worried about her friend and her parents. She was thankful for the work she was doing or else she would have too much time to dwell on things. She had spoken with her mother briefly and could tell she wasn’t doing well either. She and her aunt were terribly close. More so as Lisa helped her mother, adjust to loss of her father. For a non thonian, the biowoman seemed to understand the ramifications of the aqaut and the bond that lifemates formed through it. She didn’t know who the person that was holding her aunt; but it didn’t sound good.  
“No ma’am,” Mitch said and gave Lamile the note. It had the royal seal on it.
She opened the note it was hand written, “Lady Atomi, I know you will be getting this late, so I won’t keep you long. I just wanted to say thank you on behalf of the crown for you and your cadets’ service in the hunt for Lady Wilson. Let me know if there is anything I can do to help you.
“Queen Agatha I of Trena,” Was how the note was signed.
“Mitch get this is in the bulletin for tomorrow. Make sure that all of the special cadets get a copy slipped under their door tonight.” Lamile said.
“Aye,” Mitch said, she too looked tired.
“How is Jill holding up?” Lamile asked.
“She’s doing okay Major,” Mitch said, “We took a run earlier today that seemed to mellow her out.”
“Where is she now?” Lamile was concerned for both her friends. The run Mitch had had with Jill couldn’t have been comfortable for Mitch.
“In quarters sound asleep.” Mitch said, “It all finally caught up with her. She nearly collapsed. Lady Hawthorn and Sergeant Green put her to bed an hour ago.”
“Thank the gods,” Lamile commented. She had talked to her friend after she got back from the Valiant, she could tell that she wasn’t doing too well either.
“She was running on adrenalin.” Mitch said seeing the fatigue in her friends face. “You okay Lamile?”
“Nothing a few hundred hours of sleep won’t cure,” Lamile said and turned to Rhonda, “Not that I am liable to get it. Rhonda, I am off to bed. Get our unit ready to move by 0800. I want everyone showered and ready to board by 0800.”
“Aye-aye Lamile,” Rhonda said. She too was tired; but she wasn’t going to let Lamile down.
“Mitch before I stumble to my bed to read the back of my eyelids is there anything else I need to deal with.” Lamile asked.
“No I am acting as you until you return,” Mitch replied. “We have everything under control.”
“I am off to bed then,” She got up from the table and started to leave she spied the plate of cookies and took one more and said to Lucas, “Thanks Sarge.”
“You’re welcomed Major.” Lucas said. He watched the kids troop off to their dorms and then shut his kitchen down. They were the last ones in. When he made sure that the kitchen was ready for morning chow he called Sergeant Green at Fletcher.
“Hi Steve,” Millie said, “Once second! Tell Hawkins that he needs to report with that platoon to the South Mall in morning.”
“Sure thing Sarge,” a voice said off phone.
“How do they look?” Millie cut right to the chase.
“They all look tired,” Steve said, “But they’ll be okay. They all are proud as hell to be doing this.”
“It’s a big thing for these kids,” Millie said, “They are being given a big responsibility. I saw the roster that Lamile and her people put together.”
“So did I,” Steve said, “There isn’t a dud in the group.”
“I’ll try to get out among them tomorrow.” Millie said, “Thanks for calling me.”
“Okay Sarge,” Lucas said, “I’ll see you in the morning.”
He went back outside and looked to the skies. He could barely see the asteroids.
###
Father Pierce was setting the last of the charges at one of the brother’s homes. It was a safe house for the brotherhood. It had documents and weapons for them. Although the planet was going to be destroyed, he was making sure that all traces of their activity on Trena were eradicated. He set the last charge and its timer and left the house. He was safely down the street when the charges went off. But he wasn’t paying attention to the commotion behind him. His eyes were on the skies where he could barely see the asteroids. 
As he went on his way to his next safe house he wondered not for the first time since he got to Trena if he was truly on the side of the angels. He had watched the interview that Lady Wilson had given. She had seemed to be a good woman who loved her husband and her family. She didn’t seem evil or a harlot of Satan. As he thought about the many biopeople he had met in the last few weeks he had to admit that none of them seem particularly evil. Most of them seemed to be hard working honest people. True some of them were if not dishonest then not fully honest. Just like the people on the Mother World, the Theocracy capital. The Trenan people seemed to have the same cross section of good people and bad people as his people were.
His religion, not his faith was being seriously challenged the longer he stayed on Trena. He was beginning to question the church elders. He has wondering if they were truly men of god or just men who had the frailty of all mortal men who had power. The more he prayed and meditated on it the more he was coming to the conclusion that his elders in the church had lost their way.
Lost in thought he barely noticed the others looking up at sky.
###
Sergeant Hoi was leaning against general Langtree’s staff car waiting for him to get out of a late night meeting he had been called to at the palace. He looked up to the sky and saw the additional pin pricks of light that were the oncoming asteroids. It had been a very long day for him and his general. They had started early at Fletcher, and had went to the Mountain and back to Fletcher. They spent more time traveling this day than at the operations center. Langtree’s additional duties as acting XO was taking more of his time than anyone thought it would.
“Hi Henry,” Chief Atomi’s driver came up to Sergeant Hoi. 
“Hi Tony,” Henry replied.
“They are almost through,” Tony replied, “The chief, the Queen, and General Langtree are discussing what Kellogg’s found out so far.”
“Not much right?” Henry asked.
“No.” Tony replied, “Not much. I wish there was something. My boss is very agitated. I don’t think even your boss can get her to chill out.”
“I know,” Henry remarked, “but the general is agitated too. I think their agitation is fueling each other’s.”
“Most likely,” Tony remarked. “They both need to get a way for a bit.”
“It’s not going to happen!” Hoi remarked, “Think you might convince her to knock off early tomorrow?”
“I can try,” Tony replied, “why?”
“Well if I can get the general to check out early maybe between the two of us we can carve out some quiet time for them.”
“It’s worth a try,” Tony nodded as he noticed the two officers as they came out of the Queen’s residence.
“Good evening Chief,” Henry greeted the chief.
“Evening Sergeant Hoi,” Mylea greeted the sergeant. Hoi had never seen her looking so fatigued. “Tony, take us home.”
“Yes Ma’am,” Tony replied as he held the door for her and general Langtree. 
“Henry,” David Langtree spoke softly. The sergeant could tell that his officer was tired also. “I’ll call you in the morning to tell you when to pick me up.” 
“Aye sir,” Henry replied. He waited until they had pulled off before getting in the car and leaving himself.
When Tony got them to Mylea’s home David and Mylea walked exhaustedly into her front room they collapsed onto Mylea’s sofa where they both fell asleep in each other’s arms.
Chapter 13: On High Port Space Defense Station
“Hey Alice,” the lieutenant came up to her where she was finishing her latest report on some cyber skullduggery that she had just put an end to.
“What’s up LT?” Alice Jones asked.  Alice had come in early that day so the lieutenant could have part of the day off.  She had become not just his deputy; but one of his top people. He had no idea that she was a humbot designed by the logistic officer to help with cybernetic security. She had replaced the unit sergeant when the thonian had gone back home to Trena. She had been on the station for only a couple of weeks. He had no idea that part of the reason she was on the station to continue her chase for the traitorous artificial intelligence. He couldn’t believe how fortunate he was to have the master sergeant.
“One of the guys up in surveillance thinks they have a problem.” The lieutenant replied.
“What type of problem,” Alice asked.
“It seems they have a section of northern Trenaport that has become blind to them!  DefConnie in the Mountain reports it is not blind to her, but the guys upstairs think it might be a computer security problem.  Go up and take a look.” The lieutenant ordered.
“Okay LT.” Alice replied.  She got her tool kit and went up to the surveillance shop. It didn’t take her long to get there and five minutes after she got there she knew what the problem was. 
“You have been hacked by an AI.” Alice told the unit commander, “I’ve put in a better firewall, and an alarm. So if anything is blocked again, you’ll think the GQ alarm got switched on. I’ve located the records and have emailed them to you Captain.”
“Do I need to deactivate the AIs.” the captain asked. 
“No,” Alice said. The bugs she had placed around and in the computer would tell her the story. It was the best lead she had gotten so far while in orbit. Her suspicion concerning DefConnie was growing.  DefConnie was the only AI that could misdirect the surveillance system without drawing attention. “I think we’ve got a handle on it.”
“Thanks Sarge,” the captain said.
“Anytime captain,” Alice replied and left the center. Before finishing with the surveillance computers she had sent herself a copy of the surveillance data that she sent to the captain. She reviewed them as she went back to the cyber cops center. When she did it stuck out like a sore thumb. The time span for the photos was the same time span that Lady Wilson had been abducted. They were for a twenty block area of Northern Trenaport. That part of Trenaport that was mostly evacuated. That was where Lady Wilson was being held. She needed to get back down and talk to the people hunting for Lady Wilson. 
As she walked into the security shack she quickly had a set of orders written for her, assigning her to the Trena Mounted Patrol team hunting Lady Wilson. When the lieutenant told her about the new orders she left the office and packed her bags. The orders said for her to immediately report to Mr. Kellogg at the Mounty headquarters. With Bugs in his carrier she started for the departure lounge. He had made a lot of friends on the station. No one knew that he was a robot! He was becoming the unofficial mascot for the unit but no one understood why they had never seen him chase the occasional rodent that popped up in the security spaces.
The LT thinking that Alice would be on station until they closed up shop was surprised to see that she was being transferred out.  Already she had found several cyber computer criminals and fixed several dozen leaks in the system.  He was enjoying her competency.  None of his other investigators, including the AI had her skills. She was going to be sorely missed as they began to automate the station, and prepare it to be bombarded by the asteroid field.  He made a call to his boss at the computer security division at the Mountain on Trena. 
“Major,” the lieutenant spoke into the communicator. “I know it’s highly irregular, but I want to field promote a Tech Sergeant to a Second Lieutenant.”
“Why,” the major asked.
The lieutenant discussed what he knew of Alice’s background, what she had done for him, for the logistics command, and for the palace. He felt she had earned a promotion to lieutenant.
“Okay Ralph,” The major said, he had recommended the lieutenant to his current posting, and the lieutenant had been a warrant officer before he had been promoted to lieutenant. He knew that the LT was not one to promote his people ahead of zone, or to recommend his people for an unusual promotion.  He was a good officer that nurtured his people and prepared them for their next assignment. If he was recommending one of his cyber cops be promoted to an officer she had to be hot shit.  The major pulled up Alice’s personnel file and made a snap decision.  The promotion may only be valid for a couple of months, but she had all the paper work, education, as well as the skills to become a lieutenant.  He saw her new orders and then added an addendum. Upon completion of her current assignment Alice was assigned to the Mountain as a first lieutenant in charge of a cyber-security platoon. They were short a lieutenant in that unit and the sergeant that was running it refused to be promoted to a lieutenant. It was a fix the officer liked. The promotion was immediate.
Alice had just gotten to the debarkation lounge for her trip to Trena when a private from her old unit came up to her. 
“Sarge,” the private greeted her, “new orders from the Mountain. Oh the LT said to give you these.”
He handed her two single silver bars. 
“He also said to keep up the good work, LT.” The young man stepped back brought himself to attention and gave her, her first salute. Not sure why he would salute her she returned it. 
“Oh,” Alice commented as she took the paper from the private’s hand and then read the orders. A little stunned, she said “Tell the LT I have received my orders and will comply. Oh and tell him thank you.”
“Aye-aye LT.” the private a young kid that Alice had been working with over the last week, showed a lot of promise and had a bit of a crush on her.  He saluted her again and left in a hurry. As he left one of the officers waiting to go planet side turned to her and asked, “What’s going on sergeant?
Alice showed him the orders, he shook he is head saying, “You know this is the first time I have ever heard of being given a promotion in transit. What gives?”
“I don’t know,” the humbot replied, “I will be heading up a cyber-security platoon when I get down.”
“Lieutenant,” the major said, “You’re out of uniform!”
“I am at that,” Alice replied, “By your leave sir?”
The major nodded and walked away shaking his head. Things were sure a changing. Alice checked the time, and decided to treat herself.  She had two hours to go before her flight. She left Bugs with the departure clerk in the departure lounge and went to the station’s uniform shop. She emailed them her sizes and what she needed. She showed the clerk her papers and soon had her uniforms. She left the shop and was just in time for her flight. On the flight down she changed from her enlisted uniform to her officer’s uniform. Wishing it didn’t look so new.
Once down, she got a port police officer to take her to Mounted Patrol Headquarters.  There she went into the emergency operations center where Lord James was working with Kellogg on the latest intelligence. Kellogg who knew Alice, as did Lord James were both speechless as they saw her come in and not be the klutz they knew her to be. They were both speechless when they saw what uniform she was wearing. Kellogg assumed it was a cover, James for his part didn’t know what to think.  Alice presented her orders to Kellogg who nodded and asked, “Why are you here lieutenant?”
“I know where Lady Wilson is,” Alice had been talking with Frasier, the Mounty AI while in route to Mounty headquarters. She had shared what she had discovered with him. Frasier double checked the information and was ready to display the data when Alice walked into the command post, “Frasier please display what we have been working on.” 
Lord James looked at the thirty something officer realizing that Alice was not who he thought she was. It was one of the very few times that Alice had ever let on that she was other than a human being. 
Frasier displayed the section of Trenaport that the AI had blocked. He then laid down a grid map of the same area. He had worked his way into the municipal service computer and found out what homes and buildings were still drawing power and might be occupied. There were five hundred buildings that someone might be in.  Once the display was complete, she explained how she had come about the data.
“DefConnie thinks she’s a smart computer.  She is rather dumb.” Alice said with some venom after she made her presentation. Alice was a computer packed into a human looking body, “She doesn’t know I am on to her. I’ll get her next week. After we find Lady Wilson she gets fixed!” 
Kellogg and Chief James both noticed the venomous tone of voice. They both thought that it might not be a bad idea to stay on Alice’s good side.
“We can use those cadets for this.” Kellogg said, “I also want to set up staging for the SWAT units here and here.”
James nodded. Pointed to a police officer and said, “Move the SWAT to the fire station here, and the Trenaport Nursing Home. I want them to go from twenty four hour alert to eight hour pad alert. They roll on anything suspicious in the area.”
“I am going to the forward OP at the fire station!” Kellogg said, “Alice I want you forward deployed to provide com security for the team.” Kellogg commanded “It’s too early to tell Lord Wilson.”
“Aye,” James nodded.
Chapter 14: SWAT Forward OP
It was a waiting game now. Although the SWAT team was now on 8 hour alert, all of the teams, the Mounted Team, the Trojack Team, the Black Guard, and Companion Team were all sitting in the abandoned fire house’s common room.  Once the population in this part of Trenaport had been evacuated the fire department had closed the station and moved it to the spaceport to be loaded on to a ship to Home. The teams’ gear was laid out by unit in the abandoned equipment bay. This was the worse time for the teams. They were looking over maps, and building diagrams.  The waiting was in the early part.  All of the advance training was over. All four teams had played both aggressor, and rescuer.  All four teams thought they were the best, but in General Alpine’s opinion they were evenly matched with maybe the Trojack security unit being a little better at entry and recovery, with the Black Guard being a bit better in the infiltration with both police units being about evenly matched on infiltration and entry. She hated to admit that her Black Guardsmen were being second best by the biopeople but her guardsmen lacked certain finesse when it came to gaining entry quickly and quietly without killing the subject. They also knew how to clear a building quickly. The detachment commander told her over dinner one evening that her NCOs were learning big time from the clones.
“Part of it is that when these guys were doing their thing, on Trojack, they didn’t want to destroy company merchandise. So they learned very early how to make an entry that didn’t get clones killed.” The Major remarked, “But they are good. Their infiltration has a lot to be desired. They don’t usually have to cross into an enemy held position and take it out without being spotted. I am really surprised that the MPs and the cops are good at that.”
“I’m not,” General Alphine had commented, “but they need to get in close and not be seen before they make an entry. So when they make entry they can do it fast and furious. We could learn some stuff from the Companions and the Mounties. I think once we clear Trena; I think I will mention to Lord Wilson that Home might set up a Special Forces hostage rescue academy. There will be a lot of Mounties that can teach the course, and there might be a call for them to be an on call hostage rescue team.”
“They’ll need to earn some money somehow.” the captain said.
Now the Princess stood watching silently as the four team leaders began to work out how they would do things.
“Look we know that there will be more than Hozenbur in the area. They may not have heard that we’re hunting for Hozenbur. They may think we could be hunting them.  There may also be people in there ready to support Hozenbur. So we need to set up a response protocol.” The Companion Team leaders spoke. The Trojack, the Mounties, and the Black Guard teams had generally accepted them as the overall Tactical coordinator.  General Alphine had to admit the woman and her lifemate were good.  It was unnerving to be around them sometimes. As one would start to talk then the other would finish. Or they would both begin speaking together as they were doing now and you couldn’t tell one from the other. “Unless someone objects, I have divided the twenty block area into four strike areas.  Each of our teams has been assigned a strike area. Black Guard is assigned Blue; Mounties, Red; Companions Green, Trojack Yellow.  Get the feel of your sector. When the sector is entered by the sweep team, I want you guys to deploy half your team forward. I want us to be ready to make the infiltration and the extraction. If your team makes the infiltration, we’ll back you up.  The uniforms are securing the area. There’ll be no foot traffic and road traffic in or out of the area.
“The sweep teams will be made up of cadets from the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets.  Major Atomi will be their lead.” the Companion pointed to Lamile who was studying the map. She had been pulled from her team to attend this briefing.
“My guys are going to go into the center and work a spiral out.” Lamile said, “I’ve been talking with Lieutenant Jones here and she agrees with me. It is significant that the twenty block area has been blind to the surveillance team.  We think that the center of the zone is where Aunt Lisa is being held. It could be an elaborate spoof. But we’re going here.  I will be going in with my team of twenty. Lady Hawthorne will be here soon and she’ll oversee the deployment of the rest of the teams.  The rest of my guys will be arriving in the next hour or so. We have about three hours of day light left. Princess Carroll, Kellogg, are we authorized to work after dark?”
“Negative.”  The marine commandant said, “My guys can work after dark they own the night to repeat a corny phrase, you guys might miss something in the dark.  Besides it would be out of cover to be doing the survey after dark.”
“Maybe we’ll get lucky.” Lamile said “and get this done tonight.”
The Companions looked at each other shrugged in unison and turned to the group and spoke in unison, “That would be outstanding. To continue…
“The sweep team will be doing what they have been doing for the last week or so. Checking buildings and such. The Marshal doesn’t want them in harm’s way; but they will search these buildings to ensure everyone is out of the area. Major if you stumble upon anyone call for an officer and we’ll take over. If you stumble upon Hozenbur, disengage and get out of there. We don’t want you harmed.”
Lamile nodded.
“If Lady Atomi stumbles on Hozenbur she’ll get out of there and we’ll go into stack and rack. If someone else stumbles upon the captain we’ll get the cadets to safety and then go in. Lady Atomi I want you guys to work on the edges. I know you think a spiral out is better; but I think it will be safer for you.”
Lamile nodded again. She had mixed feelings about her assignment. She was concerned about the danger her cadets were in. Not certain how Hozenbur would react to them should she find her. 
“Force leader,” She turned to the thonians, “Is there any possibility that Hozenbur will know who I am? Am I putting my kids and Lady Wilson in more danger?”
“We know you have been in the news Lamile,” Kellogg said, “We have let it be known that your cadets are searching the neighborhoods and securing the abandon homes. But no one has even mentioned that you are hunting Lady Wilson at this time. But to answer your question I can’t answer how safe you will really be; but we think that you will be okay!”
Lamile nodded and knew she could trust Kellogg. He had made a point of checking up on her personally every day. Making sure she was okay. 
“Let’s go around the table one more time,” the Force Leader said, “Go or no go!”
“Medical,” She asked.
“We’re staged with the landing craft is sitting at Trenaport Main. The crew is sleeping in the bird and that includes all my medics. The Valiant has been named to receive our casualties.  I have an ISR team with me they’ll be first in after you guys clear the house.” a woman in the livery of the Interstellar Rescue Service spoke up.  She had been living with the team since they had started practicing. At first a fire department medic unit had been assigned; but they were needed by Trena Fire as they were getting short on staff and the IRS team knew something about hot landing zones.  “We’ll triage your injured and Lady Wilson then yell for the Calvary. They’ll be on the ground five minutes after light on skids.”
“Logistics?” the Thonian asked. 
“I’m ready,” Sergeant Hoi had been seconded to the team when they moved to the fire station. Langtree hadn’t even blinked an eye when the team said they needed a top logistic sergeant.  Langtree had turned to his aid and asked why are you still here? He turned to the team commanders. “There’ll be a mess team here in a while. Some of the cadets will be making up your bunks. I think we have everything we need.”
“Fire?” the Companion asked.
“The Trojack team will be staging in the fire house and they will be your fire suppression team,” A fire fighter wearing the white shirt of a battalion chief spoke up. He had been on duty since the announcement had been made of the disaster. After leaving Trena he would end his fifty year career as a fire fighter.
“Traffic control,” the Companion asked.
“As planned,” a captain in the Trenaport Mounted Patrol replied. “My guys have the outer perimeter, the MPs have the warm zone, and the SWAT units have the hot zone.  This is the entire 20 block area. One block out from the hot zone the MPs are setting up road blocks.  Everyone in this area is now to be positively identified. Three blocks out from the warm zone we have closed everything down. No traffic in or out unless the CP has cleared them.  I don’t have enough people; but General Qoum is loaning me some militia men, a lot of my off duty people are coming in to help.  We can do it. But force leaders, you and I both know we cannot secure a neighborhood this big.”
“PIO,” both thonians nodded as they asked.
“No press in the command post, and I have set up a press center in a park in the cold zone. At least it’s ready to go.  Any newsmen found in the hot zone are instantly violated and will spend the night on the Prison Ship.”
”Okay it is now 1706 hours. “ The captain gave the time hack turned to the team and asked, “Go no go one last time.”
“Entry go,” the swat commander called.
“Survey go,” Lamile called. 
“Fire go,” The chief called.
“EMS go!” the IRS office called.
“Perimeter go” the Mounty called.
“Logistics Go!” Sergeant Hoi called. He had never been part of something like this.
“TacCom and ComSec go,” Alice said she had not been asked to report, but thought she should speak up. “I have a com black out. Only our stuff will work in here. The major and her cadets will have a camera attached to their uniforms and a secure com back to here.  The area will be swept continuously until we are contained.  Again go!”
“Flight Ops!” the captain called realizing she had forgotten the quiet lieutenant in the corner. 
“Flight is go!” the militia forward air controller called.
“Mr. Kellogg” The companions turned to the man she knew to be running the search for the closer. “We are go.”
“Execute!” Kellogg ordered softly.
“I’ll be with my cadets!” Lamile called left the fire station. One of the police officers drove her to where her cadets were working.
The drill was simple four kids would approach a house and knock on the door. They would announce themselves. Rattle the door knob and then enter the house. Two other kids would stand by the door as their team members went in ready to assist if needed.  The team captain stood by the door and marked an X on the wall beside the door.  The team captain would mark the time they entered and exited and what they found. If they found nothing they would secure the building.  Anyone entering the building would have to use forcible entry. They would leap frog the house next to them as another team was already in it.
If the teams found a home with a person in a house they called for an adult and moved on.  They didn’t find many. They were mostly drunks and derelicts that were running from the authorities.  The few kids they found whose parent were not to be found were taken directly to the academy.  This neighborhood had been declared evacuated a month or so before. 
By nightfall the teams began wandering into the fire station. They were tired. Lady Hawthorne watched her cadets enter the fire station and collapse in small groups around the dining tables or just on the floor. As she watched them, a couple of them went right into the squad bay and right to sleep. She was proud of them.  Each and every one of them had volunteered for this mission. A mission that some adults would find daunting!  Not only was it exhaustive; it was potentially dangerous.  She was having trouble justifying the use of her young people this way.  But all of them knew what the risks were and what could happen.  She made a decision as she saw them settle in for the night.
“Major Hawthorne,” Millie approached her with a cup of hot coffee distracting her quiet observation of her cadets. She took the coffee. “Want me to get some more guys form the school? I think maybe ten or twenty of the NCOs can be broken out of their duties. You want them.”
“Check with Mr. Kellogg and see if he’s okay with it. Then make sure that Jenkins is cool with it. I don’t want the school shut down because of this.” Lady Hawthorne said.
“Understand ma’am,” the master sergeant replied. She made her call and came back to the head mistress. “Major can I borrow a minute of your time.”
“I guess so,” they sat down at the table.
“I can retire at the end of the year.” The sergeant started, “If I were to show up on your door on Home would you hire me.”
“Millie,” Lady Hawthorne said looking the older women in the eye, “In a heartbeat Millie. I owe you! I couldn’t have done this without you.”
“Thank you,” the master sergeant replied then looked oddly at the noble woman “May I say something else Major,” 
Deloris nodded.
“A lot of the guys have been watching you and over you for a while now. Without a doubt everyone is in awe of you.  What you have done with those kids, is nothing less than admirable. Whatever it is you have I have not seen it in any of the officers, or the guys I have been looking after for years.  They wouldn’t say it to your face, they would be … I don’t know the word for it, but they would want you to know that even if you hadn’t accepted the commission in the militia they would still call you General.  We all think you have it between the ears.”
“Thank you Millie,” Lady Hawthorne distracted as another group of cadets coming in. This time it was Major Atomi. She came over to Lady Hawthorne and said, “That’s the last of us Major. I am going to get some food and then stretch out for a while.”
”Okay get some hot food and some sleep. Have you talked to Colonel Wilson today?” Lady Hawthorne asked.
“Yeah, as we came in.  I briefed her on my plan for tomorrow.  Told her how I was using the cadets. I made sure that she didn’t need me or the guys back.” Lamile responded, “She wants to be here; but knows it will be counterproductive. One of us has to be at the academy so it can still function.”
“Okay Lamile. Call your mother, let her know you are okay and then get some rack time.” the sergeant chimed in. Lamile took two steps back saluted and was soon sound asleep on the floor amongst the cadets.
That is where Mylea found her the next morning when she stopped by the fire house to see how things were going. Her daughter looked so peaceful. Someone quietly called, “XO on deck,” That broke the spell and her sleeping baby stirred and sat up. 
“Mom,” a groggy Lamile called seeing her mother as she got to her feet, “I meant to call.”
“Alice called and told me where you were.” She looked over to a recliner where the humbot was apparently sound asleep. She was surprised to see the silver bar on the woman’s collars. She would have to talk to the security officer about the promotion to lieutenant, “Let’s go the galley let these guys sleep.”
“Commander, Major,” a marine came up to them as they sat down in the galley holding a plate of food and a cup of orange juice for both of them.
“Thank you private,” Mylea said taking the food.
“How many did you check yesterday,” Mylea asked handing her a plate of food.
“Maybe twenty,” the young woman replied, “It’s much too slow.  There’s got to be a better way.”
“There is,” Kellogg sat down with them.  “We’ve been back checking the surveillance data.  We think we know where she is. I have been pouring over the aerials and I think I have found fifteen homes that seem to have people in them. We have found homes with a heat signature that was not there a couple of weeks ago. This one in particular was empty for months, and now it is lit up like a Christmas Tree! These houses here and here are empty.  Everywhere we have found people in here, there’s been a concentration.  Like here and here.” He pointed out a couple of concentrations on several of the hard copy prints.
“Commander,” Kellogg looked at Mylea, “I need Lamile for a special job that none of these cops can do.  I don’t trust my guesses.  So I need to send Lamile in with a couple of her cadets to check out this house.”
Kellogg waited for Mylea to say something, anything.  He knew the order she and Wilson had issued about the cadets. They were not to be put in danger. He agreed with them.  Some of Lamile’s cadets were barely sixteen. He didn’t want them harmed. If someone was asking to use his son on this he would be anything but calm.
“Go on,” Mylea said knowing Kellogg was waiting for her.
“All I need is for her and a hand full of her older cadets to do a survey of the houses Hozenbur can see from this window. Then do the houses on either side. We need to know that Hozies in here.  She won’t blow her cover if she thinks we‘re just doing the survey.  As much as most of us hate her, we know she is a professional. She will not kill or endanger Lamile unless she feels threatened. Lamile’s cadets can get in and get out.”
“Mom,” Lamile said Mylea held up her finger to quiet her daughter.
“Okay Kell,” Mylea said, “I won’t disagree with you.  And I have been observing how you been watching over the kids. Lamile you did know that your drivers have all been SWAT or Black Guardsmen, and except for when you go into the houses, they never lose sight of you. That time you were in that house for fifteen minutes and we lost connectivity with your camera a couple of the guys were on the verge of rushing in.”
“I know,” Lamile said. “You’re okay with this?”
“Hell no,” Mylea replied, “But there’s a lot of things I don’t like when it comes to you growing up.  But I sure as hell can’t stop it. No one ever said motherhood wasn’t worrisome. Even when their children grow up! Kell, the major and her cadets are yours to use. But if you think Mike would ream you out if you got Lisa hurt what do you think I’ll do if Lamile gets hurt?”
“Uh Commander,” Kellogg looked the evacuation command’s second ranking officer in the eye, “You can send my remains to Shannon’s on west third if Lamile comes to any grief.”
They understood each other.
“Now you go and rescue my friend.” Mylea said, “I’ll stay in the CP.   Alice!”
“Yes Chief?” Alice stirred from her slumber. While in recovery mode regenerating she often looked as if she was asleep. 
“I want a complete com black out. I don’t want Lord Wilson in here and I don’t want the Queen in here until we have Lisa out. I want to know that she is safe before Michael gets the info.  If there is any grief I want to be the one tell him.  I owe him that much!”
“Done,” Alice replied absently stroking the cat that was nuzzling her.  A few seconds later the cat jumped off her lap and went in search of Lamile. Alice had told the robot to stay with the XO’s daughter.
Chapter 15: The Entry
They had been working slowly all morning. No one except Lamile, Mitch, and her adult chaperons knew what was going to happen.  She didn’t want any of the kids to know that they were close to rescuing her Aunt. She didn’t want her kids to know that Hozenbur was so close. She had set things up so she would do the house that they thought Hozenbur was in.  She had rearranged her team so that she had only older kids with her. She had wanted Rhonda to be her back up so she didn’t have to bring Mitch in. She couldn’t as Rhonda was needed as one of the team captains as did the other cadet officers that were with them. Then as she thought about it; she wanted Mitch. She had learned to trust the sometimes shy and soft spoken Mitch. Mitch was like a rock at times. Rhonda on the other hand sometimes seemed to let her emotions get the better of her. She had requested that Mitch be released from her duties to be her back up. When Mitch got in Lamile had taken her aside and told her what the deal was, and had sworn her to silence. She was finding that Mitch knew how to keep her mouth shut and she was very loyal to her and Jill. The last thing she asked Mitch, “Can you do this?”
Mitch had thought for a moment flexed her back, it was almost pain free. The fatigue the injury had caused was almost nonexistent. But even if there was pain, even if her injury tried to prevent her from accomplishing her duties, there was nothing in the world that would stop her from helping to find her friend’s mother. She looked in Lamile’s eye and said, “Try to stop me! I owe that much to Jill!”
“Let’s get this done,” Lamile had said. With that the two young women went and joined their team.
The entire morning had been tense.  She had just wanted to go directly to the house and knock on the door.  But she knew better. So she watched her kids work the other side of the street between doing her own assessments and walking between the houses. Finally they were ready. Mitch had a hand on her belt as she approached the door. As she was about to knock on the door she looked down and saw Lieutenant Jones cat at their feet.  He had been with them all morning as if he was keeping an eye on them. He was almost underfoot at times. As she observed the cat, she thought she saw the cat blend in with its surroundings.
The Black Guardsmen who was her driver and chaperon had pulled the hover jeep up to just easy eyesight of the door.  He even had his sidearm out laying it beside him on the seat, ready to go.  Just out of Lamile’s eyesight was an APC containing the Trojack HRT. Should she get in trouble they would make an entry to get her to safety. As she approached the door she tapped her ear twice and heard Alice say, “Connectivity is good Major. We’re ready!”
Hozenbur had been watching the kids check the houses across the street. She had heard that cadets from the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets were checking abandoned buildings to be sure that they were abandoned. She hadn’t been out of the house in a day or so and hadn’t seen what they were doing until this morning. The Evacuation Command always posted whattheir been posted  streets they were going to work each day on the Evac net. But on nnot just the Evac net; but only on the law enforcement network; butand also on the news nets schedule so people would know what was going on. For some reason she hadn’t heard they were going to work her neighborhood. She had thought about offering the kids some drinks,; but changed her mind; she didn’t want to have eyes seeing too much of her. She knew her face had been posted not onlyto the law enforcement nets; but also the general news nets. She thought of not opening the door; but saw they were opening doors and going into the abandoned home when no one came to open the door. She had no choice but to answer the door when they knocked. She opened the door and saw kids.
“Oh hello,” The young Thonian said, “We didn’t think this house was occupied.”
“For a little while yet.” the sixty year old slender woman replied, “I go at the end. I am on one of the last lift. So I just stayed in my home.”
“Okay then,” Lamile took out a data pad and began to write on it. “Who are you? I need to enter this into my notes so that you won’t be bothered again.”
“Martha Livermore. I am a widow.” Martha said. “I live alone.”
“I see,” Lamile said as he ear bug came alive. “Lamile I am in the back of the house. I am behind a force field that I can’t disable. There appears to be no self-destruct. It is a prison style containment field. What is Sergeant Jones cat doing in here?”
“Okay, Mrs. Livermore,” Lamile heard her aunt, trying not to let on she had hear her, she said, “I think we got everything. I am required to tell you that should you not be here for transportation to your departure point, or miss your evacuation date the Crown will not try to find you. That you are on your own after that date!”
She handed the paper she had been told to give anyone they found in the houses.
“I understand,” Martha said taking the paper from Lamile’s hand. The kids left going to the next house.  
The kids did the whole street. It was maddening, Lamile wanted to clear off to get her people out of danger.  Especially as her aunt was keeping a steady narrative while they were in range. She asked when she was out of ear shot of Hozenbur, “Okay got it all Aunt LisaLisa,. are you okay?”
“Yes,” Lisa answered, “It’s good to hear you.”
“It is good to hear you too!” Lamile responded, “I may be out of range in a bit so I’ll make this short we’ll be getting you out. Hang on it won’t be long!”
Lisa couldn’t believe her luck that she had been found. But hearing Lamile also frightened her, as she didn’t know what was going on. As she lost connectively with the Thonian teenager she hoped that they wouldn’t be long in getting her out. 
Lamile was tense. She was afraid that her conversation with her aunt had been over heard by Hozenbur. She knew that her aunt had an implant that allowed her access to computer and communications systems, but wasn’t certain that her aunt’s captor could monitor it. 
Mitch heard only Lamile’s side of the conversation as they searched the rest of the street. As the cadets searched the rest of vacant houses on the street Mitch stayed with Lamile outside sending the cadets in. She knew that her friend was greatly distracted and she had to run the team for Major Atomi. Thankfully they found no one else in any of the houses.
When they finally got to the end of the street, Lamile found her mother waiting for her, with Lady Hawthorne.
“You did good,” Lamile was fiercely hugged by her mother. “Mitch, thank you.”
“You’re welcomed,” Mitch replied, she had come a long way from the time she had been assaulted in the Trenaport Children’s Shelter. Lamile had been one of the reasons she had made so much progress.
“Major Hawthorne, get them out of here!” Mylea commanded 
“Aye-aye,” Lady Hawthorne said. “Come on Lamile. We’ll go to the fire house. I am sure Mr.  Kellogg will want to talk with you.”
Lamile nodded. She looked around for the Lieutenant’s cat and didn’t see it. “Mitch do you see Bugs?”
“No. I haven’t seen him since before we did the house where Lady Wilson is being kept.” Mitch said looking for the cat also, “He must be in there!”
“Lieutenant Jones will kill us!” Lamile said. 
“It is okay Lamile,” Lamile heard the Lieutenant’s voice in here ear bug, “Bugs is doing his job. He’ll be okay.”
“Okay then,” Lamile touched her ear bug. “Did you hear Aunt Lisa?”
“Yes,” The lieutenant answered, “We’ll see you in a bit.”
She followed the commandant to the jeep and soon they were at the fire house.  When she got to the fire house she found the Trojack team mounting up. They had drawn the entry and extraction. They had wanted to be the ones to rescue Lady Wilson. They didn’t think they would get to do it; but the house was in their sector, and the other teams had been deployed for the over watch of the cadets. If they had moved out of their spots, they might be seen. They had the house bottled up.  The Mounties had the back of the house, the Black Guard had the left side and the Companions had the right side. One squad of the Mounties and one squad of the Companions were the backup team. 
Crandle was ready.
“Major Atomi,” Crandall called as he saw the cadet, “We saw the images from your camera. Is there anything they didn’t tell us?”
“I don’t know! Did you hear Aunt Lisa talking to me?” Lamile asked, “She told me she was in there.”
“We not only heard her Lamile,” Alice Jones came up to where Trojack entry team was prepping. “She gave us this.” Alice had been monitoring Lamile very carefully. She wanted to be able to tell the over watch team to get her out if things went crazy.  As she was listening and watching Lamile, she noticed that there was a second data signal over laid on the audio. When she took it apart she had found pictures of what Lady Wilson had seen of the house. She had also sent a Ccomplete set of images photos of the containment system that kept her locked upLady Wilson in. AliceShe shared them with the team.
“Bugs has managed to roam the house a bit,” Alice said. Unknown to Lamile and Mitch, Bugs was a robot. She had ordered Bugs to infiltrate the house when Hozenbur answered the door. “We now have a direct link with Lady Wilson’s implant. We’ll be able to tell her to duck and cover as you go in. Bugs has found a couple of hand guns, one assault riffle. He hasn’t found any heavy weapons, and Lady Wilson confirms there are no others in the house. Lady Wilson hasn’t seen any heavy weapons in the house either.”
“Can Bugs create a distraction,” Crandle asked.

“Bugs has dropped off a ‘bot on the electrical panel,” Alice replied, “When you knock, the lights will go off.  Bugs is trying to infiltrate the force field panel. There he’s in.” Alice appeared to be working the robot from a remote terminal, "I’ll have Bugs make a pest of himself a few seconds before you enter. I can have him to try to get Hozenbur to go to the door right before you hit it. Then as you hit the door, he’ll get in between her legs and trip her. You can go in anytime you want. I have the back and front doors.”
“We need to go in fast and furious!” Crandall said, “Randy, you have the key.”
“Yes sir,” an Alpha clone patted a three inch diameter, three feet long pipe with four handles. Capped with a solid looking plate. Someone had written ‘Universal Key!’ on it. He commented, “Me and baby will get that door open!”
“Lieutenant, I know you can defeat locks; but I think just for effect and disorientation, when you defeat the lock, Randy will open the door as violently as possible. And then we go in as practiced. I’ll be last in the stick with the medic behind me. While you guys take Hozie down, we get Lady Wilson out.”
“Crandall,” Mylea having come in with the last of the cadets spoke up, “I want Hozenbur alive. She has killed several people on this world and she will be tried for the criminal she is.  She gets the Queen’s Justice.” 
“Chief,” Crandall said returning the ice cold stare of the Chief, “That lady has murdered thousands of clones, and has been responsible for the repression of hundreds of thousands of others. I want that bitch. But I want her to be brought up on charges to show biopeople all over the Eempire, that some of us who worked for the company are moral, ethical people and don’t support animals like Hozenbur. She is going before the Queen’s Bench. Where if the Crown Attorney does his job right, the woman will be found guilty and executed.   My team hasn’t lost a suspect yet. I don’t intend to now.  But we both know that Hozenbur may have other ideas.”
“I know you know your business Mr. Crandall.” Mylea said formally, “I’ve seen you work. I know what you can do.  I am not questioning your abilities. I have a duty to the People of Trena to make sure we are all on the same page.” 
“Chief Atomi,” Crandall as he stood to his full six foot two inches, “I understand. Mount up people!”
As they walked out to the truck they found the Queen and Francine, Lady Wilson’s personal assistant, walking into the fire station.
“Your majesty, please tell me that Mike isn’t with you!”  Mylea asked.
“No, General Langtree picked him up a while ago,” The Queen answered, “The General wanted to go over some paper work with him, and General Langtree suggested that they catch a meal at the Fletcher O club while they discuss it.”
“Okay.” Mylea said. “Black Guard to me!”
“Yes ma’am,” A lieutenant came up to where the XO was standing. He was the secondary team leader for the guard. The primary team had the over watch on the street where Hozenbur’s safe house was.
 “Your mission has been changed! You are to stay with the Queen, at least one team.” Mylea said sharply turning to the young queen, “Later I will discuss with the Queen how her presence here is not the brightest thing I have ever seen her do.”
“I know Mylea,” the Qqueen replied, “I know. But shouldn’t you be back at the Evac command post not here also.”
Princess Carroll wearing fatigues and weapons came up at that time. She was about to say something to both women, about  that none of them should be there, (Maybe even herself), when she heard a chuckle behind her. She turned with the two others to see Lamile smiling at them, “Mom, Your majesty, Princess. I will remember the example you are have setting, when I become in charge.”
“Let’s get out of the shooters way,” The Mylea said shaking her head. She hoped her daughter would never be faced with this situation.
They went and stood with the medics waiting for the word that Lisa was safe. As they were standing there Francine, who had come in with the Queen, giaven the medics a small overnight bag. “This is for Lady Wilson when you get her out. It’s her own clothing. Maggie sent them over.”
The medic made sure it was on the armored ambulance that had been stagedpotted  at the fire house. It was only seconds away from They thought it made more sense to have it nearby incase.   Hozenbur’s safe house.
###
Crandall’s team stacked up and began to move on the house. They had chosen to stack two doors down from the house just to be sure that Hozenbur wouldn’t spot them. They slowly approached the house waiting for the over watch team to clear them to the next one.  Hozenbur had not poked her nose out of the house since Lamile had knocked on her door. They finally got to the front door. Another entry team had worked up to the back door. They would take Hozenbur down if she tried to escape through the back.
“Do it!” Crandall yelled as they heard a cat screech and cry out, on the other side of the door. Randy battered the door open with the “Key”. As it swung open and Randy got out of the way as the number two man threw a stun grenade into the house. They wouldn‘t collapse the force field containing Lady Wilson until Hozenbur was under the control of the entry team. It would protect Lady Wilson from the effects of the grenades. Seconds after the grenade went off; the team flowed into house yelling, “Police! Down! Police! Down!”
Lady Wilson had been given a heads up of the entry, had buried herself in her make shift cell’s bath room and waited. She knew they had control of everything; but she wasn’t going to take any chances. She pulled the thin mattress off her bed over her and waited. 
Hozenbur was bewildered. Between her stepping on the cat, that had come out of nowhere, the lights going off, the door flying open and the stun grenade going off she was completely disoriented.  She had tripped over the cat and felel as the front door burst open. She saw the grenade just in time to open her mouth and squeeze her eyes tightly closed before it went off. She didn’t have time to recover as her attackers piled onto her.  They had her secured in seconds.
They kept her down until they got Lady Wilson out of the house.
It all went to hell when they started to get off her. They thought they still had her secure.  But Hozenbur was just waiting her time.  As the fog cleared and as they stood her up she broke free and went to the back of the house. As she got to the door she pulled a gun Crandall’s team didn’t find and fired into the biopeople. Two died instantly. Another lost an arm. Finally one of the biopeople got a clear shot and fired.  Hozenbur was shot through the eye and died instantly. 
“Suspect down!” Randy yelled. “Scene is secure! Medics! I need Medics now! I have two dead and one injured, and Hozenbur’s dead!”
Lady Wilson was already out of the house in an armored ambulance that had roared up to the house as the entry was made. The medic and Crandall had almost carried her out of the house. They barely allowed her feet to touch the ground as they hustled her into the waiting ambulance. They had gotten her to safety before they tried to stand Hozenbur up. Once inside the ambulance, Crandall called on his communicator, “All units, all units, we have Healer. I say again! We have Healer and she is alive!”
A landing craft roared to a landing at the fire station, its front ramp already down.  Another ambulance roared off it just as the ambulance carrying Lisa got to the fire house. As soon as the other ambulance was clear, the ambulance carrying Lisa roared up onto the ramp. As soon as it was aboard the landing craft, the landing craft made a combat lift with the ramp closing as the Elsy cleared 100 feet. 
“Is she okay,” Mylea had scrambled onto the landing craft while the ambulance loaded onto vessel. She wanted to be one of the first people Lisa saw. She saw Lisa sitting in a web seat on the ambulance looking a little worse for wear; but looking okay, “Are you all right?”
“I am all right Myl,” Lisa said activating her implant’s communications suite, “Let me call Mike!Now get me a phone and some privacy.”
“Mike is in route to the Valiant. David’s getting him there. You’re in route to the Valiant.”
Mylea had gotten word to David when they had found Hozenbur, and were rescuing Lisa.
“I guess I can wait.” Lisa said, “Who is the team leader?”
“I am Lady Wilson,” Crandall had been waiting a little ways away from the noble woman letting the medics check the noble lady out.
“Thank you.” Lisa returned.  As they got her onto the ambulance she had heard someone yelling about the casualties, “I am sorry about your team.”
“Lady Wilson,” Crandall said, “We got you out alive.  Every one of my guys had been on Hozenbur’s team at one time or another and had found a way to get off it. They were ready to die to get you out of her hands.”
The Queen who had scrambled with Mylea onto the landing craft listened to the conversation and knew what she had to do. 
“Mr. Crandall,” Queen Agatha spoke to the bioman, “The Crown will honor the blood price your team paid.”
“Thank you, Ma’am,” Was all that Crandall could say as the landing craft landed aboard the Valliant. The ramp of the landing craft opened. It had barely touch the deck   before Marshal Wilson was scrambling onto the landing craft and then into the ambulance and finally pulling his wife into his Lisa’s arms. 
 almost.
“God I was so afraid that I lost you!” Michael exclaimed hugging her, and kissing her passionately. “I promised you I would never put you in danger, and I couldn’t even protect you!”
“It’s okay Mike,” Lisa responded, “I’m okay.”
“I’m never going to let you out of my sight again.” Mike hugged her again. He let go of her and helped her down the ramp of the Life Saver ambulance and the ramp of the landing craft where a nursing team was waiting for her.  They had gotten the word that she was not injured.
“I need a team at the casualty dock!” a chief called, “I have another landing craft coming up with casualties. One of these birds needs to go.”
“This way Lady Wilson,” A nurse came up and led Lisa to an antigravity chair, “Now don’t argue with me you’re under my care now.” 
“Okay,” Lisa replied and sat down in the chair. 
“Marshal,” the nurse said as they cleared the air lock. “We’re going to examine Lady Wilson. Check her babies, and make sure she’s none the worse for wear.  It’ll take an hour, but she’ll be back in your care shortly.”
Wilson knowing there was nothing he could do nodded and went with his best friend and the Queen to a waiting room to wait for Lisa to be released.
“Well Lady Wilson,” The nurse practitioner that managed the obstetrics unit spoke to her a few minutes later. “Both children appear to be healthy. From what you said you have a normal gestation period of 9 months. It looks like you will give birth in a month or so.  Your ordeal has in no way compromised your health, or that of the children.  I would suggest that you speak with a counselor about your ordeal.”
 Lisa was impressed. The nurse practitioner didn’t pamper her, or baby her; but wasn’t brusque or rude. She quickly and professionally examined her, drew some blood, looked at the children, and in general doing one of the most thorough examinations Lisa had ever witnessed. Then she gave her results just as professionally without getting into medical jargon.
“No one knows anything about assisting you to deliver your children in the IRS,” the nurse continued, “Is there anything significantly different that your midwife should know.”
“No, child birth is similar to that of a non-bioengineered woman.” Lisa remarked, “It shouldn’t be that bad I have been pregnant before and while labor is no fun, it’s something I can deal with.”
“Okay then,” The nurse said, “There is no reason to keep you. I am discharging you.  Lady Wilson, until the Valiant is pulled out, the com computer has instructions to find me anytime time you call. I’ll come to you if I have to.” 
“Thank you,” Lisa said getting to her feet reaching for the rough gray colored smock that Hozenbur had made her wear.  It was what clones in a breeding production complex wore.  Hozenbur had done her best to intimidate her and control her.
“Oh Lady Wilson, your maid sent this up.” She pointed to a small overnight bag. “I’ll leave you now so you can dress.”
“Thank you,” Lisa said. It was then that Lisa learned that she wasn’t in a standard examination room but a VIP suite.  A few minutes later after a shower and in her own clothes, she left the suite to find her husband waiting for her. The Queen, and the others had left for the nearby VIP lounge. Lisa hugged Mike as fiercely as her pregnant belly would let her. He returned her hug with a passionate kiss.
“And,” Michael asked when they broke their embrace.
“Every thing’s okay,” She replied, “The babies weren’t hurt, Hozenbur wasn’t going to hurt me until she was ready.  She wanted to kill the babies after they were born and either let me live or kill me hideously.  Did they really kill her?”
“Yes, she’s dead,” Michael answered coldly, “Which is most likely better, she would have made a spectacle.  That no one wanted.  I don’t think we could have tried her.”
“Well I can’t say I am unhappy about her passing.” Lisa commented keying up her implant and sending out a query about her mother in law.  She found that Joyce was now out of the hospital. Resting in the palace. She read the medical report, and said aloud, “How is Joyce?”
“She’s okay. About back to her old self,” Mike said, “Ready to go and tackle the estate on Home.  Would have been gone; but she wanted to know you were safe.”
“I see from the records that she recovered fast this time,” Lisa said, “Good time.  I guess twenty some odd years does make a difference in medical treatment.”
When they left the suite’s lobby they found Mylea and the rest of them. Lisa went right up to Mylea and hugged her.
“Thank you,” Lisa said. Once she got connectivity back with her implant she was slowly; but surely wading through the terabits of information about her kidnapping, and rescue. “You did a very brave thing allowing Lamile to make contact with Hozenbur.”
“Lisa,” Mylea said quietly, “I would do it again if I had to. We had to get you back! Mostly because as much as this big strong marine thinks he is a manly man, he really needs you around to keep him in line.  I tried but damn! He’s a hard case!”
“Oh yes! He can be bullheaded, stubborn, and generally hard to manage.” Lisa with a wicked smile and glint in her eyes responded, “But ya know, what would I do without him?”
“I know,” Mylea said, she had seen the bond between her two friends, she didn’t quite understand how it could be so strong without the Aqaut that made her people telepathic and empathic with their lifemate; but it worked for them.  In some respects she sometimes thought their bond was stronger than she had with Garth, Lamile’s father. 
The Queen saw the by play between her seniors and didn’t quite understand it.  If she had been held captive for nearly three weeks; she wouldn’t be bouncing back as fast as Lisa appeared to be.  She would want some very quiet time, and some close friends around to help her cool out.  Though, as she thought about it; there was tension between the Wilsons. Mostly from Lord Wilson, as he wondered what was going to happen next? Lisa for all her brave front was not wholly immune from had happened to her. She was just going to deal with it.  Which the Queen thought, as they walked to the flight deck, was the best way to handle it, just get on with it.  Don’t dwell on it, don’t wallow in it; but acknowledge it had happened and go on.
Lisa had noticed the qQueen’s steady survey of her and Mike before they had trooped to the landing craft. She knew what was going on in the young woman’s mind.  Lisa made a note herself that she would invite the Qqueen to lunch in the next day or so, so they could talk.
The landing craft landed at the palace, and there was Jill in one of the electric carts that they used on the palace grounds in place of bigger cars.  
“Mom!” She said getting out of the cart running to her step mother, “are you okay!”
“Yes,” Lisa said returning the girls embrace. “Lamile, Crandall and all of them did their job.”
“I am so glad you’re back,” Jill hugged her step mother again. She hadn’t realized until her step mother’s abduction how much she needed her step mother.
“I am glad to be back,” Lisa said. She got into the cart sitting next to Mike, “Get us home Jill.”
“Yes ma’am,” Jill said getting back into the electric cart and taking the three of them to Residence.
“How’s Abby,” Lisa asked.
“She’s okay,” Michael said, “We haven’t told her what’s going on. We thought it best not to until we knew for sure.”
Lisa was quiet for a while then said, “Sally most likely had some strong opinions about that.”
“Yes,” Michael said, “but she understood.”
“Where have I been for a month?” Lisa asked.
“You were working with a client,” Michael said.
“I see,” Lisa commented. “You know there is no way we can prevent her from learning about this.”
“I suspect she knows,” Jill replied, “I saw her seeing a part of a news holo of your abduction.”
“How did she react,” Lisa asked.
“She asked if that was you they were talking about,” Jill answered, “I told her I didn’t know.”
Lisa was deep in thought as they approached the residence. Lisa saw Abby sitting on the steps of the residence with her mother in law. Lisa got out and saw how Abby’s face lit up as the little girl ran to her mother. “You’re safe!”
“Yes I am safe,” Lisa said.
“I was so worried,” the little girl said, “Daddy and Jill wouldn’t say anything; but I knew you were in danger.”
“How did you know that?” Lisa sat down on the steps with her daughter.
“That woman on the holo said that you were kid…napped,” the girl said hesitantly. The child had been in the study trying to find her holo of Star Pony when she saw Hozenbur’s. She had kept the secret to herself.
“Oh,” she turned to her family, “I’ll be in a while.”
“Will you be okay,” Joyce asked her daughter in law as she sat down next to her.
“In time,” Lisa answered as the girl climbed up on her lap. “In time. Let me be with Abby for a while. I’ll be in, in a while.”
“Okay,” Michael bent down and kissed his wife on her head and then took Jill and his mother inside.
“Abby,” Lisa said trying to get her head around what she had to tell her daughter. “Yes I was in terrible danger. But that woman will never hurt any of us again. She was a terribly bad woman who hurt a great many people.”
“Did dDaddy rescue you?” the child asked. 
“Daddy helped,” Lisa replied, “he, Aunt Mylea, Lamile, and Jill all worked to make sure that I came back to you.”
The girl was quiet and Lisa wasn’t certain what to say next. They sat on the front porch until the sun set, Abby falling asleep in her mother’s lap.  Concerned, Michael came out and saw both of them asleep on the porch. He tried to gently take his sleeping daughter from his wife, trying not to wake her. Of course that didn’t work, she woke up. Michael reached down for his wife with his free hand helped her to her feet. The three of them walked into the house together.
Chapter 16: The Republican Fleet Arrives.
The fleet ghosted into the asteroids. It took several days for the large fleet to arrive in the asteroids. It was a combination of things, coming out of faster than light drive in the middle of an asteroid belt, avoiding the Surveyors, and the various Trenan, Imperial, and Thonian fleet elements whose ships could detect FTL transitions. The trickiest part was the insertion into the asteroids. One of two of the fleet ghosted into the asteroid field at a time. Although the fleet had good maps of the asteroid field no one was taking chances. They didn’t want to do more than one or two at a time. They didn’t want the commotion that a mass arrival would cause. So the first ships came in mapped the asteroids, and sent the revised map and where the new arrivals were to a picket ship in the outskirts of the Trena solar system. It was a tricky piece of navigation. If the navigator and helm got it wrong there would be a very attention getting explosion as a ship came out of faster than light where an asteroid or another ship existed. The entropy experiment would be very spectacular.
Now a couple of days before the assault all of the republican fleet was present. The fleet admiral received the news that part of their plan had failed, Hozenbur was dead and so the distraction they hoped the Ebio officer would cause wasn’t going to happen now.

Book 13: The Final Days
Chapter 1: Home gets a Government
Suzy Gabriel was one of the many people traveling from all over Home, to Ellis. Suzy Gabriel was coming down river on the Maritime Rescue Boat Deliverance. She had been approached by one of the agents of the Evacuation Command’s Civil Affairs unit to be a member of the Great Council in Ellis where they were to meet to form a government. When the crew had found out that she needed a lift down to Ellis, they had talked to their headquarters and got permission to take her down river.   The captain had given up her quarters for the representative.  Suzy and the crew had discussed the upcoming assembly before they left Sunrise Cliffs. It had been the home that Ebio’s planetary manager lived in when Ebio occupied Home.  No one had wanted it so when it was offered to her she took it.  She shared it with Admiral Klond, and the crew of the Deliverance. As the trip continued downriver the crew felt free to continue discussing the upcoming assembly. 
“I don’t see why the Queen can’t be our ruler here on Home.” the chief of the boat said the first night out, “Queen Aggie has taken care of business better than many of the monarchs we’ve had.”
“The Queen doesn’t own Home.” Suzy replied, “Because of that the Queen’s rule doesn’t extend here.  Since Jill Wilson owns the planet she could be considered our monarch. But Miss Wilson hasn’t set up a system to run the planet.  She more or less has decided to let us do our thing.  I don’t understand some of this myself. It is benign neglect. I would have thought Lord Mercer and a couple of the others would have formed a government. I don’t know why they haven’t.”
“I heard that some of the lords are angry that they have not retained their nobility.” The cook said, “There has been some talk about forcing Miss Wilson to recognize their special status.”
“Yeah, I had a show down with one of them a few months ago.” Suzy said, “They want to have what they had on Trena. That’s just not going to happen. Their nobility is tied to the Trenan court. As such there is no court here. If I understand what the Evac guy said, the Queen’s monarchy ends when Trena is destroyed. There is some question about her rule over the orbital industries and the things off Trena. But the Trena Court will cease to exist once the planet is destroyed.”
“So the Queen will no longer be our monarch,” The chief said, “So this Jill Wilson is our new queen?”
“Well she does own the planet,” Captain McNally commented, “Just like Queen Agatha does Trena.”
“So she is for practical purposes our queen,” the apprentice replied.
“I think all but the nobles will agree to that!” the petite woman retorted. That brought a round of chuckles around the mess table.
“So this assembly or council is not to find a planetary leader; but to develop a system of governance that Miss Wilson will accept and our people will want to live under.” The captain asked.
“More or less,” Suzy answered, “with the Wilson family our new royal family?”
Most of those around the galley table nodded.
“But what form should our government be,” Suzy asked.
“Why not the same as we had one Trena?” the gunners mate asked. “That seemed to work.”
“Trena has what is known as a constitutional democracy.” Someone said, “The Queen is the planetary leader; but the prime minister is head of government elected from the parliament, the crown departments are managed by the prime minister. The courts are independent of the monarch and the parliament. The courts act as a balance between the monarchy, the government and the people. The courts handle all the issues that can’t be resolved by the crown or prime minister and to handle other legal matters.”
“That seemed to be working,” The chief commented, “Most of the time. The in fighting in the parliament was getting fairly bad though.”
“Before the evacuation,” the captain remarked, “it was almost grid locked. It surprised me that the Queen has had as little trouble with the parliament as she has over the evacuation.”
“So this council,” the apprentice asked, he was a young man barely 19 years old with brown hair. He had no real assignment on the rescue boat. He spent his time between the deck division, the galley, the engine compartment and occasionally the bridge. His real job was to learn all the systems aboard the one hundred foot craft, “is it to build a complete new government. Or is to create a government for us?”
“I think it is to create a government for Home,” Suzy replied. “But what type of a government. A constitutional monarchy like we have on Trena or some hybrid? We come from the Thonian Realm, the Earth Empire, the Republic, and of course Trena. All of them have working systems. But I am no political scholar; but it seems to me we have an opportunity to take the best from all of our worlds and make a gestalt of them.”
“Do you think that the Marshal and his daughter would stand still for a constitutional monarchy,” the captain asked. “I mean they own the planet. Why would they consent to something like that?”
“Well if their duties were somewhat ceremonial they might sit still for that,” Suzy replied.  “But I can’t see the Marshal allowing his daughter to be a figure head.”
“You know,” The chief spoke softly, “would it make any sense at all for a parliament to rule the planet to write the laws that a head of government would enforce, but leave some of the power in the hands of the monarch.”
“What do you mean chief,” Suzy asked.
“I am not sure,” the chief a man in his early sixties who’s whole life, since the passing of his wife was on the boat. “It makes a bit of sense to me that the monarch be the commander in chief of the military or maybe emergency services. Be the top cop, fire fighter, medic, dog catcher etcetera.”
“That’s a lot of power chief,” Suzy remarked.
“It is. But she could only mobilize the troops for a planetary emergency she couldn’t go to war without the parliament’s approval,” The chief continued. “It seems to me there should be one and only one commander in chief for all of us. The monarch would be the CIC and wouldn’t change because of whim of politics. Also it might prevent a prime minister from going off halfcocked if the monarch didn’t feel a threat existed. If the situation was such that there was ample evidence that there was a threat and the monarch and the prime minister disagreed either to the scope or whether to prosecute or not to prosecute the emergency then the planetary bench could be asked to rule. But if done right that will never come about.”
“So you would put the welfare of the people in the monarch’s hands rather than the crown departments.” Suzy asked.
“Yes,” The chief said, “within reason. I would put all life safety operations in the monarch’s hands. But have her advised by crown departments. In other words like captain McNally here. She is the Deliverance’s master; but her department heads advised her on the status of her boat and the best way to approach a given situation. Then she takes the best action accordingly. The crown departments who would be populated out of the parliament or other political body would advise her on the rules and regulations that her various emergency service and military organizations would follow. I don’t know; but there has to be a balance between the power of the monarch to use the military and the power of the parliament and the ministers.”
“That makes sense,” Suzy commented, “So you want a parliament, a representative government in other words?”
“Yes; but it has to work better than the republic’s and the one on Trena,” the rescue tech said, “Two houses. One house where one person who represents so many people. The other house, a senate or a house of lords would represent a large district or province.”
“But done in some way that the partisan politics can be hosed down and controlled,” Captain McNally commented.
They discussed the prospects for a government all the way down river to Ellis. It gave Suzy a lot to chew on.
###
Days later Suzy sat in the council and listened to the proposals that various people were offering for the formation of their government. The arguments were going around and around. No one seemed to understand that they had a queen and that Jill Wilson was her and she was asking them to form the management system for the day to day running of the planet. Some of the proposals went from installing a particular noble as the monarch, to having no system and everything in between. Finally losing patience with the entire group Suzy left the council one morning and sat on the dock watching the burgeoning river traffic flow up and down the river trying to clear her head a bit.  It was there that captain McNally found her.
“Good morning Mrs. Gabriel,” the captain said handing her a cup of coffee. The Deliverance had made another trip down river to pick up some medical supplies for the Outpost Clinic. “I saw you sitting here and thought I would join you.”
“Hi Captain,” Suzy took the coffee. “Thank you.”
“I’ve heard you been having some problems,” the captain said.
“Yeah! No one wants to listen.” The thirty year old woman complained, “The Contras are fighting the Royalist, the Royalists are fighting the newbies, it’s a mess!”
“No one’s taken charge,” the captain commented, “There doesn’t seem to be one voice trying to unite them.”
Suzy looked at the captain, “Yes the speaker doesn’t seem to have a back bone.  He’s afraid to be too pushy because he doesn’t want to lose his position.  He doesn’t get it! We are to be short lived, create a government and go home.  It’s happening like it was in the Republic.”
“Then someone needs to read the riot act to them.” The captain said.
Suzy nodded, and said “Thank you skipper. I think I know what I have to do.”
Suzy finished her coffee handed the cup to the captain and walked back to the assembly. She entered a small auditorium where the five hundred members of the assembly were meeting, and spoke with the secretary of the assembly to put her on the speakers list. She found out that it wouldn’t be until the next day that she would be able to speak.  That suited her. It gave her some time to talk to some people, and write her speech.
“Gentle Souls of the Home Council,” she began the next day, “I ask that you listen to me for a while, and as you listen to me ask yourself are we getting the job done we have been asked by our friends, families and fellow citizens to do.  To form a government; one that helps Miss Wilson govern our new world. The planet she is allowing us to build our new homes on. We are not here to decide who will be queen. We have one Jill Wilson. 
“I have sat in this assembly for over a week,” She spoke, “and listened to your proposals. Most if not all seem to ignore the facts I have just mentioned. Nothing has gotten done. We have argued and talked and argued, but nothing has gotten done. I know some of you have the belief that we can take weeks to make this happen, others feel we should import from Trena our former home world’s governmental structure just to be done with it. We don’t have time to argue this! The people who have put their trust in us want us to get this done. We are not on Trena anymore my honored colleagues! We are on Home! A world given to us by Marshal Wilson’s daughter! We don’t own this world, the Marshal’s family does. They haven’t given it to us they are just letting us live on it. So Queen Jill has asked us to come up with a way to govern a world that has no government.
“Some of you have forgotten the nobility of Trena have no standing here on Home.  That their nobility dies except possibly their title when the asteroids kill Trena. But they are not alone in having no standing. In fact none of us have standing except for the very special title of representative to the Home Constitutional Council. As such when we form the government that Queen Jill has asked us to form, our roles will be over.  Many of us may be asked to be part of the new government we will form. None of us know.  But we can’t be concerned with our future appointments or positions in the government. Our job is to create a government and go home. Not to spend weeks and months to do this job. 
“Last night I met with several of you to go over some ideas I had about the government.  Although not all of you agreed with my thoughts and what I presented, many of you thought it might be worth a shot.” Suzy pressed a button on the console and the assembly saw the constitution that had been forming in her mind since her conversation on the Deliverance.
“We come from many worlds, From the Earth Empire, From the Thonian Realm, the Theocracy, the Republic, and of course our own home world of Trena.” She spoke softly, “All of these worlds have both good and bad political systems.  My own native world, the world I emigrated from to Trena is a democracy. Yet I find a Constitutional Monarchy more stable. It has both the stability of a long standing monarch, and yet by electing people to a parliament we can reign in the power of a monarchy who has stepped beyond its bounds.  What I propose is this,” she spoke with passion.
“I think a constitutional monarchy is what would work for us. The monarch would be the head of state; but not the head of government.  Similar to what we have now, this monarch would be the ruler of our world and would have the power to call parliament into session, have the right to overrule the parliament when it takes us into an unprovoked war, or when it raises taxes too high, or enters into a treaty that is not in the interest of the Kingdom.  The Monarch will be the commander in chief of the armed forces. Many of the same powers Queen Agatha currently enjoys.
“I have mentioned a parliament. This parliament will be made up of two houses. A house of commons where common everyday citizens would be elected to a term of ten years. Once they served their ten years they could never be reelected to the House of Commons. Every five years half of the House of Commons would be elected. They would represent 200,000 souls. And this would include artificial intelligences, as well as flesh and bone people like us.  The second house would be a senate or House of Lords. To be inducted into the House of Lords, the monarch would nominate someone and at first the House of Commons would approve them. Then as time goes on, the House of Lords would nominate their own to the monarch, who would have veto power over the appointment, and the House of Lords would have the right to overturn the veto by a super majority. They would after a few years have the right to reject the monarch’s nominations by a super majority.  The Monarch would always be able to nominate someone to the House of Lords.
“From both of these houses would be formed the ministries of government. The prime minister would be elected from these two bodies, but could be rejected by the monarch. If parliament feels the monarch is wrong they can by super majority vote the prime minister in. If the monarch still thought the nominee was wrong, then the Planetary Bench would try the case and then all the justices would have to vote either in favor of one side or the other. It has to be unanimous. All of the prime ministers cabinet would need to be nominated by the prime minister and approved by the House of Lords, and then presented to the monarch for their approval. If the monarch disapproves of a minister, then the entire parliament must vote by a super majority to override the veto.
“I know it seem like I am putting a lot of power in the monarch, but not really as this forces the monarch and the parliament to work together.” 
Suzy took a sip of water to let some of what she was saying sink in. She was watching the reactions of her peers. She was a long way from selling it. But people were starting to read the details on their displays.  Now she went on to the third part of her government.
“Now to balance off the Parliament and the Monarchy, a judiciary will be established. This judiciary will be modeled after the Crown Bench on Trena, and the Empire. All capital cases will go before the Queen’s Bench, a bench will be established in all districts. The House of Commons will nominate judges for their home districts. The House of Lords will approve the nomination with the monarch having the final say. With a standard super majority to override her veto!  From this group of judges the Queen will nominate judges for the appeals bench, and the Planetary Bench. The Monarch will preside over the Planetary Bench, which is the court of last appeal for all capital cases, and constitutional cases, except when constitutional cases involving the monarch. To ensure fair trials, and access to equal justice, no private attorney’s or counsel will be permitted for criminal cases. All attorneys will be in a pool that will trade off cases between defense and prosecution. Both sides will be able to call on witnesses and pay them out of the monarch purse.”
She paused again before finishing her presentation, “This is my proposal.  It has taken the best of the royalist world, the best of the democracy world, and a bit from here and there.  It is by no means perfect, and we will need to spend long hours to make this become reality. I will yield the remainder of my time to the representative from Ellis.”
The representative from Ellis stood up and began speaking he was an old hand from Trena’s House of Commons, an independent that was respected by both sides.
“The representative from Outpost 1 has spent long hours putting this together, and like her I believe it is not a perfect document,” the man continued, “but it is better than anything we have come up with so far. I move that we table all other proposals and debate the gentle soul from Outpost 1’s proposal.”
“Second the motion,” the representative from Near Port the next town up river stood.
The speaker asked, “A motion has been made and seconded to table all proposals except for that of the representative form Outpost 1. If there is no objection I call the vote.” 
He waited a few minutes then said, “All in favor of tabling all other proposal say yea.”
To Suzy’s surprise it passed.  A couple of days later to her surprise and with only minor changes, her proposal was approved. The one detail she had clearly forgotten was to allow the people of Home to colonize other worlds. She had not thought of a bill of rights, but the representatives had.  It included a provision that sentient people were not possessions and could not be owned on Home. This also included Artificial Intelligences.  She thought that was very astute. There were provisions about search and seizure, and self-incrimination. The right to appeal directly to monarch on capital cases was a guaranteed right. That capital punishment, when it was applied, was not to include execution, unless a crime against the people of Home, or Humanity occurred. She thought that overtime the constitution would be amended and that had been something that she had not put in her original draft.
“May I address this assembly,” A voice from the back of the assembly called.
“Yes,” the speaker replied.
“We have approved our constitution and we will set a date for our House of Commons to be elected. But now we have to take this proposal to Miss Wilson and get her approval. I believe we also have to somehow formally acknowledge her as our monarch.” the representative from Westport a small port town on the west coast spoke up. “How shall we do this?”
Suzy who was now the speaker of the assembly spoke up, “Yes, Jill Wilson is our monarch. Yet somehow we need to reinforce this.”
“What if she refuses to listen to us,” Someone asked. “It is possible that she has her own idea of how to rule Home.”
“I don’t know,” Suzy replied, “But she asked us to form this council and come up with the government for Home.”
Another stood up to be recognized. Suzy recognized him.
“That is something we will have to deal with after we advise Miss Wilson what we have done here.” The speaker said, “Until we do, we are only speculating what her response will be. One thing I think we need to do is to formally accept Miss Wilson as our queen. I therefore move that this assembly confirm that Jill Wilson to become our very first queen.”
“Is there a second?” Suzy asked.
“I second the motion,” Someone called.
“All in favor of the motion say aye!” Suzy asked.
The room thundered with ayes.
“Very well then, let it be known that on this day the Home Council does hereby acknowledge Jill Wilson as our monarch, and accepts the constitution as proposed.” Suzy spoke from the podium and crashed down the gavel, “Unless there is any other business I hereby close this council.”
There were no objections, and Suzy closed the assembly, “I now close this assembly with the hope that our people will find peace and happiness on Home.”
After the document had been prepared for publication Suzy went to the main office of the community affairs office of the evacuation command. There she formally presented the document to the Evacuation command. The man looked it over and said, “Thank you. When do you leave for Trena to present it to Miss Wilson?”
“Isn’t that your job?” Suzy asked.
“No Ma’am,” the gentlemen said, he had been a member of the Trena Emergency Management office. “This is now a political thing, not an operational activity. That means civilians need to present it to Miss Wilson. That means you.”
She turned to the representative from Ellis who said, “As speaker of the assembly it is your job to take the constitution to Trena and present it to the Queen Jill, and Queen Aggie. It is your creation you should be the one to take it to Trena.” Suzy sighed all she wanted to do was to get back up river to her kids.
Chapter 2:  Equals
Lord Mercer received the envoy from Home in his private study.  He had been expecting the envoy for some time now.  He had an inkling of what was going on Home. He had sent a couple of people to Home to keep an eye on things.  He had also been the primary designer of the political process on Home.  He knew how Aggie felt. He thought that she was right; her sovereignty was tied to the planet of Trena, not that of Home. He didn’t know what form the government of Home would take; but he suspected that it would not be a monarchy.  He was quite surprised when the envoy handed him the constitution for Home. 
He read through it and thanked the envoy, telling her to stand by for a reply. He put the constitution in an envelope and went to the palace. There he asked to see the Queen.
“It’s here Aggie,” the Queen’s attorney handed the document to the Queen.
She read it in silence looked at the man who had been her advisor and confidant since her parents had died years ago, “What do you think?”
“The question is do you agree with this?” Larry Mercer asked.
“The way we set this up; is that Home is not a colony of Trena.” The Queen replied, “Our charter and constitution prohibits Trena from colonizing other worlds and exerting influence over them.  So in many respects I didn’t have much authority on Home to begin with.  It is fortunate that our citizens have allowed me to send advisors with them. But as I understood it if I left Trena to go to Home, and the crown abandoned Trena, my sovereignty is abandoned also.  At least that was what the galactic council told me a few months ago.”
“Okay then how do you want to tell our people,” Larry asked.
“We can’t announce anything until Jill is told and she agrees to it.” Agatha responded, “Also as she is a minor, she will need a regent.”
“They covered that,” Larry said showing another letter, “They seem to want Marshal Wilson, and you to be her regent.”
“Me?” The young queen asked.
“It makes sense majesty,” Larry said, “You a young monarch who came to the throne after the death of your parents, knows what she will be going through.  You can show her the ropes. Also you, Marshal Wilson, and Lady Wilson have a close bond; the three of you won’t allow harm to come to Jill, or to Home!”
The Queen was silent for a minute, then spoke, “Page,”
“Yes majesty,” The AI replied.
“Where are Marshal Wilson, Lady Wilson, Jill Wilson, and Princes Carroll?”
“Lord and Lady Wilson are in the Queen mum’s residence. The Princess is at Fletcher, and Colonel Wilson is at the academy.” The computer spoke.
“Place a call to General Alphine at Fletcher.” The Queen asked.
“Yes ma’am,” The computer complied.
“This isn’t going to stay quiet forever. Have that Envoy standing by to launch. I want the palace press corps alerted that there will be a major address tonight.” The Queen said as Princess Carroll came on the line.
“General Alphine,” The woman said.
“Carroll,” The Queen said “I would like to meet with you and Admiral Wilson and Jill as soon as possible.”
“Why?” The heir to the Terran Empire asked.
“A representative from Home has arrived and they have brought us the constitution for Home.” The Queen said, and told her the rest of it.
“No shit,” the princess asked, “Oh the gods are indeed wicked. Are you okay with this?”
“Yes princess,” The Queen answered, “I knew it was going to happen the minute we left Trena; but I had expected to make the announcement from Home, or in route to Home. In about four weeks. We have discussed this.” The Queen said, and indeed they had.
She and the princess had held conversations in the Queen’s residence about what to do next.  The Princess had researched the Trena Constitution, and had discussed it with Lady Gray the ambassador to Trena. She had corresponded with various interstellar law scholars on Thonia, and Earth, not only on the question of Trena’s sovereignty; but Trena’s legal obligations and treaty obligations. Most of the legal scholars had come to the opinion that as Trena was about to be made uninhabitable, and that the government was being abolished with no successor that the people of Trena were now absolved of all their treaty obligations, and responsibilities.  They had discussed this on those quiet evenings when it was just the two of them. The princess didn’t know if she would be as cool, and calm about losing her throne as the Queen was.  But only rebellion would not see her succeed her father. That was not likely to happen.
“Okay then,” The princess said, “I’ll pick up Joyce and meet you at the academy.”
It was late afternoon, and Jill was working quietly in her office at the academy. She was looking over the Mast report for this Saturday’s Commander’s mast when she was interrupted by Princess Carroll, and her grandmother and a short petite brunette she didn’t know. 
“Jill this is Suzy Gabriel,” her grandmother spoke up, “She is the Speaker of the Council that you authorized a few weeks ago to form a government on Home.”
“Oh!” Jill gave her full attention to the three women before her. “I see. Speaker Gabriel, are you here to brief me on the government you folks designed?”
“Yes Majesty,” Suzy Gabriel replied.
“Grand mom,” she turned to her grandmother, “Carroll have you reviewed Speaker Gabriel’s document?”
“We all have,” Queen Agatha as she and Larry Mercer walked into the office.
Suzy handed the document to Jill who read it in silence. She nodded at it in a couple of places. Then looked at the Queen asked, “What do you think?”
“It’s really good,” Lord Mercer spoke instead. “It is something that is elegant and simple yet not so.  The big thing Miss Wilson is that they have formally accepted you as the Queen of Home.”
“I see the proclamation.” Jill commented, “I see something in here about a regent?”
“Yes Majesty,” Suzy answered, “Several of us felt that since you were so young and new to this planetary ruler business, it would be better for us and for you to have regents or proxies running the planet.”
“I see,” Jill remarked. At nearly eighteen years old she thought she was old enough to manage her own affairs. She was a little insulted that strangers felt that she wasn’t old enough to run her own affairs.
“But only until you are twenty five standard years old,” Suzy answered, “Did you read who we wanted to be your Regents?”
“No,” she hadn’t read the full document.
“We are recommending that Queen Agatha and Marshal Wilson be your regents,” The brunet replied, “It wouldn’t be that different from the setup that you have with your grandmother, and the Princess. Instead of handling your financial affairs they would both advise you and handle some of the day to running of the departments under your supervision.”
Jill opened the document again and read the passage then asked, “So Princess Carroll and my grandmother will handle my finances until I am twenty five and Dad and the Queen will advise me and help me manage Home’s Crown Offices.”
“That is correct.” Suzy replied.
“Speaker Gabriel,” Jill asked, “let me have some time and I will have a response for you shortly.  I would like to talk to my father about this.”
“Your majesty,” Suzy spoke, “Take as much time as you want.”
“Thank you!” Jill said then called, “School Mistress, would you and Lady Hawthorne see that Speaker Gabriel is given quarters. Also I would like Sergeant Mitchum to be her aide while she is on planet.”
“I will make it happen, Colonel Wilson,” School Mistress answered.
“Thank you,” Jill replied, “Oh and you can post the Mast Report.”
“Will do,” School Mistress replied while alerting Lady Hawthorne and Sergeant Mitchum they were wanted in the cadet commander’s office.
“Have you spoken with Dad about any of this?” Jill asked.
“No,” the Queen replied, “we should have; but he was having lunch with Lisa when Mrs. Gabriel showed up at the palace. This is the first time they have had any Mike and Lisa time this week so I didn’t want to disturb them. Also we thought you should see this first.” She ruffled the document.
Jill nodded, trying to find a way to get everyone out of her office except Agatha. She was about to say something when Mitch showed up.
“Sergeant Mitchum,” Jill spoke up, “Would you escort Speaker Gabriel to the VOQ please.”
“Aye,” Mitch said turned to the only person she didn’t know in her friend’s office, “Speaker Gabriel I am sergeant Mitchum the cadet sergeant major. If you are ready I will escort you to the visiting officers’ quarters.”
Suzy nodded and said, “By your leave Majesties.”
Aggie and Jill both nodded. The woman left and Jill turned to the others. “Grand mom, could you and Lord Mercer give me and Aggie a few minutes?”
The two nodded and began to leave. Carroll waited for a second and then followed the admiral and nobleman from the office. When they were gone Jill motioned for the Queen to shut the door. “School Mistress I want you make sure me and the Queen are not disturbed. I also want you to turn your sensors off in this room for fifteen minutes.”
“Will do Colonel,” School Mistress faded out, giving them some privacy.
When they were alone Jill turned to the Queen, “Aggie if you don’t want to be my regent then we’ll find a way to get you out of it. I think it is a good idea.”
“Thank you for that,” the Queen said though she didn’t really know how she felt about being Jill’s regent.
“Though before you make you decision Aggie you might want to consider it.” Jill commented. “There is a certain sense to it Aggie. You, a young monarch who came to the throne after the death of your parents know what I will be going through.  You can show me the ropes. Also you, Dad, and Mom have a close bond; the three of you won’t allow harm to come to me. You will also help me to rule.”
The Queen was silent as she digested what Jill was saying.
“Aggie I turn 18 in a couple of weeks.” Jill spoke into the silence. “That means you only have to put up with me for seven years. More importantly, I would be greatly honored if you would be my regent and one of my principle advisors.”
Jill lapsed into silence to await her friend’s response. Aggie’s mind was reeling over the prospect. The evacuation was taking great emotional toll on her. She was sometimes right on the edge of a complete breakdown. It was the combination of the great disaster befalling her home world and the worry of was she doing the right thing for her subjects. She had made up her mind that once Trena was gone she would not be queen. She was coming to grips with that, and was looking forward to being just Agatha McAllister, private citizen. Yet she also wanted to continue helping her people as best she could.  Finally she took both of Jill’s hands looking her in her blue eyes and spoke, “Jill I swear fealty to you. I will serve you to the best of my ability.”
“I will serve our people to the best of my ability Agatha,” Jill returned.
“How do we tell your family?” Aggie said brushing a tear off her face.
“Very carefully,” the teenager replied, “Dad may have a heart attack over this!”
“I am more worried about Lady Wilson,” Aggie returned, “I was getting the feeling she wanted to go back to being a simple house wife and healer. Not the step mother of a Queen.”
“Flip a coin to see who tells who,” Jill suggested with a smile. 
“Tales you tell your dad and mom,” the Queen answered, “Heads you tell your mom and dad!”
“Such bravery!” Jill giggled. “But it’s the same thing I would have suggested.”
“I am brave; not stupid,” Aggie said, “the only good part of this is that your family already knows you will be the planetary ruler of Home!”
“Let’s get to Serenity,” Jill spoke.
###
They drove from the academy to the palace. Jill looking out the window couldn’t help but notice the sharp contrast between the first time she had rode to the palace with her father and now with Queen Agatha.  It had been a couple of weeks after the announcement. Although traffic had been controlled as they went to the palace there had been a lot of it. She could remember police officers blocking cross traffic as they crossed intersections. Now with the population evacuated, there was almost no need for the traffic control as they went to the palace. At the intersections, their police escort stopped traffic at, there might be five or six cars, where before the intersection had been loaded with cars and traffic snarled for miles. Now there was hardly any traffic on the roads.
“I almost hate to do this,” the Queen said. “What traveling?” Jill asked.
”Yes,” the Queen replied looking out the window and seeing her once vibrant capital city almost a ghost town. “I mean no. I hate to disturb you parents! I think your mother’s abduction has made them closer.”
“It has your majesty,” Joyce Wilson who was riding with them commented. “Mike was protective of Lisa before the abduction but now he is even more so.”
“I know,” the Queen said, “he is trying to carve out some time for her every day!”
“Oh shit,” Jill suddenly said realizing what today was, “It’s their anniversary! They were going to spend the entire day together! That was I why still at school. We were to have dinner later tonight to celebrate.”
“Can we wait till morning to tell them?” Princess Carroll asked. 
“No,” The Queen said, “We have to tell Mike tonight. He has to know from us and not some news leak or in a report from the command.”
“She’s right,” Lord Mercer agreed. “They need to know from us.”
Jill nodded wishing that this announcement could wait until the morning. She resented that she was going to intrude on her parents’ quiet time. She had been amazed at how close her father and step mother were, more so after the abduction.  Where before her father would try to find some what he called Mike and Lisa time, now he was making and keeping dates with her step mother. It wasn’t anything special. Often just a quiet dinner with none of the family around, other times he would come home for lunch and they would take a walk.  Without telling her parents she had been staying at school more and more to let them have more privacy. She suspected that they knew what she was doing; but were not saying a word. In some respects, she and her parents had become closer in the last few weeks also. 
As they got closer to Serenity and they continued to ride through the nearly deserted town, Jill wondered how her parents would respond to her becoming not just the owner of Home, but its ruler. She didn’t really know how she felt. It was exhilarating to be asked to be Queen of Home. Though in retrospect she realized she could have claimed to be the Queen and ruled Home as she saw fit because she owned the world. Yet as exhilarating as it was, she was frightened of what it could mean to be queen. The power she could weld. She wondered what would happen if she refused it. She and her family had been planning to move to Home, but not be involved in the planet’s day to day operations. Which would have suited her fine! She was planning to remain at the academy and then go onto college, either on Home or on Earth. Although was extremely proud of her accomplishments at the academy, she wished at times she could just be an ordinary teenage girl. But now that was impossible, if it had been possible after coming to Trena and she found out about her heritage.
She was so deep in thought that she didn’t notice the limo pull into the vehicle entrapment until the limo drove through the other end of the entrapment.
“Let me go first,” Jill asked as they neared the residence. She didn’t want to embarrass her parents by having a bunch of people walk in on them.
Everyone had cleared out of the house. Her step sister was spending the day with a couple of the neighborhood kids from her old neighborhood. Her grandmother was spending the day aboard her yacht and Jill had been at the academy. It had been a well-orchestrated day to give her parents some time to themselves. Maggie had given her staff the day off and was keeping mostly to her rooms in the servant side of the house. Jill came into the family room and saw her step mother lying on the sofa with her head in her father lap. She couldn’t help but notice that Lisa’s blouse was open and where her father’s hand was.  She turned around and quickly left. 
“Mom! Dad!” Jill called opening and slamming the front door of the residence.
“One second Jill,” her father called and Jill tried to swallow a chuckle imagining what her parents were scrambling to do. The same thing she might have done if someone had walked in on her and a boyfriend getting real friendly. Finally Lisa called, “Okay Jill!”
“All decent now?” Jill asked needling her parent a bit. Her father actually blushed a bit in embarrassment. “Sorry! I wasn’t planning to be home until dinner later to let you guys have some time together. But…Well let me get the reason why I am here.”
She left and brought the adults with her. When Lisa saw the Queen and the Princess she frosted over until the Queen spoke, “Lisa I am sorry. I know what you had planned. I am really sorry; but this couldn’t wait. We have some news that has to be shared today.”
“What it is Aggie,” Jill’s father asked.
“We have a government for Home,” Aggie replied.
“Well that’s certainly news; but it could have waited a bit!” he father said exasperated hoping that his daughter and the people would get the message and let him and Lisa get back to what they were doing.
“Yes that could,” Aggie replied, “but we didn’t want it to leak out that we are to be Jill’s regents before you knew about it. They have fully accepted Jill as their queen with only that stipulation. That me and you become their queen’s regent.”
“Oh,” Michael responded, “How do you feel about that?”
“I think I can deal with it,” Aggie replied, “besides it will only be for seven years. Then we’ll turn her loose on the universe.”
“God help the universe!” Lisa remarked, all thoughts of enjoying her husband now pushed out of her mind. “Have you seen it Jill?”
“I have,” Jill took the document out of her uniform jacket. “I want to read it some more before I make my final decision. Aggie, will you see that Dad gets a copy of this?”
“It is sitting in his mail box.” Aggie responded, “We’ll discuss it in the morning. We just wanted to make sure that you heard about this portion in case it leaked.”
“Now if you’ll excuse us,” Jill remarked with a twinkle in her eye. “We’ll let you get back to what you were doing.”
Jill ushered the others out. As the double doors to the family room closed, Lisa looked over to her husband, “Now where were we?” 
“I think right here,” Michael said unbuttoning his wife’s blouse. Though his heart wasn’t into making love with his wife, Jill’s news distracted him. 
###
After Aggie and Lord Mercer left, Jill went to her room and re read the document, several times occasionally using the palace’s AI to help her research the royal library to see other models of government. She became quietly impressed with the crafting of the document. As she checked it against other forms of government she quickly found that whoever was the major author of it had done their homework. 
She was also very impressed with the bill of rights. She was very impressed when it extended rights to artificial intelligences. She wasn’t certain that she as the monarch should pay for a defendant’s lawyer; but as she researched that part of it she began to see the wisdom of it. She made a note to talk with Princess Carroll to see about setting up some sort of a fund to cover it. At dinner that night she was distracted as were her father and mother. Everyone was so lost in their thoughts that the anniversary party was subdued. After the party broke up Jill went back to her research. Near dawn she placed a call to the academy and extended an offer to have Mrs. Gabriel breakfast with her at Serenity. 
After leaving a message for Maggie that she was inviting Speaker Gabriel to breakfast, she showered. As she showered she thought of all the ramifications of what she had read. She surprised herself when she agreed with most of it, and could live with the parts she was not sure she understood well. She didn’t want to change anything on it. But she wanted some guarantees too. As she finished brushing her hair there was knock on the door. When she asked who it was, her father answered. She made sure she her robe was closed and allowed him to enter. He had a copy of the constitution with him.
“What do you think,” her father asked.
“I like it,” Jill said suppressing a yawn. “I stayed up all night and read it did some looking around the royal library. I think it will work.”
“Did you see the point about succession?” her father asked.
“Yes it was one of the things I didn’t quite understand,” Jill admitted.
“Well from what I understand,” Her father continued, “They want the right to approve your successor. The way they have it set up is that say you nominate your first born as your successor and say he has a gambling problem. One that has him spending more time at the casino than at school for instance then the parliament has the right to reject your son as your successor. But they can’t nominate a successor. Only you can. But should you find that you want the boy to be your successor then you can go to the planetary bench and let them settle it.”
“It doesn’t sound that simple,” Jill replied. “But there is a whole section on the right of succession and how to go about replacing me if I become incapable of doing the job because of medical frailty.”
“So will you accept it?” her father asked as her mother came in and leaned on the door frame.
“Only if you, Aggie and Mom will be there to help me.” Jill answered. “I will need all of your help to do this!”
She had thought long and hard about becoming queen. She had decided that she would become queen. When she realized how many people had stepped up to do jobs that hadn’t done before, or the sacrifices everyone was making to get their people to safety; she felt she had to stand up and be counted. Her father’s voice interrupted her thoughts.
“Jill,” her father took her by the chin looking into her eye, “when you were born I swore an oath to take care of you and to be there for you, to protect you and to help you become whatever your destiny was to be. I can do no less now. I know I know I left you for five years but you were well looked after by your grandmother. But I will be there for you.”
Jill didn’t know what to say and was trying to formulate her response when her step mother came and stood next to her father, “Jill we will be there for you. Jill I won’t let anything keep us from helping you. We won’t run off again. I won’t let him.”
“Miss Jill,” Maggie came into her room. “Your breakfast guest will be here in a few minutes. Miss Mitchum just called.”
“Thank you Maggie,” Jill answered as her mother cocked an eyebrow at her. She was supposed to clear all guests with Lisa before the invitation was issued.
“I’m sorry mom,” Jill looked a little sheepish, “I asked Speaker Gabriel to breakfast with me.”
“Do you want company?” Her father asked.
“Yes I would enjoy having you both there when I give Mrs. Gabriel my decision,” Jill returned. 
A few minutes later Mitch and Mrs. Gabriel were escorted into the smaller less formal dining room. 
“Welcome to Serenity Mrs. Gabriel,” Jill greeted the woman. “Let me introduce you to my father, Lord Michael Wilson, and my mother Lady Lisa Wilson.”
“It’s good to meet you,” Mrs. Gabriel replied shaking her father’s and mother’s hand. She turned to the young woman beside her and back to Jill and said, “Majesty thank you for the loan of your sergeant major. I couldn’t have asked for a better aide.”
“You are quite welcomed,” Jill returned, “Mitch is one my top cadets.”
“If she is one of your top cadets, and from what I saw I can well believe she is, then she will go onto greatness,” Suzy replied. She had been quite surprised when she had found out that her escort and aide was that Valerie Mitchum. She refrained from getting the young woman’s autograph!
“Yes she will,” Lisa rubbing the girls back, “Come on sit.”
Jill nodded at Maggie who brought breakfast to them.
They spent a few minutes exchanging pleasantries, before Jill decided to breech the subject of the government. 
“Speaker Gabriel,” Jill said getting the document out, “I am inclined to sign this thing without any revisions or demands.”
That shocked Suzy. She figured there would be long discussions over some of the points in the constitution. No one in their right mind would just blindly accept the thing. She was about to say something; but was cut off by the young woman as she continued.
“Although I am inclined to accept this with no changes or demands,” Jill continued, “I do want some guarantees.”
Suzy knew that it wouldn’t be simple, “Such as?”
“The Queen’s Own Corps Cadet Academy is to be a royal institution on Home.”  Jill said, “And Lady Hawthorne is to be its commandant.  The Commandant’s position is to be a hereditary position from the lady’s family.  Her chief advisor is to be the last duty post of the most senior ranking NCO in the militia.  I believe that Lady Hawthorne has done a good job; but if it hadn’t been for the sergeants who have shown up to help she wouldn’t have been able to pull it off. I also want all military education, and training to be by disabled military personnel, or officers on their last duty station.  All of the officers and the NCOs are not to have had any disciplinary problems, and they are to be the best of the best in their MOS.  I want the Militia Officers and enlisted people to think of an assignment to the academy as a reward.”
“That makes sense,” Suzy said, “As you are the Commander in Chief of our militia what you want at your service schools is what you get.”
Jill nodded then went on, “I want a monument erected in the center of Ellis that lists every man woman and child whose life was lost during the evacuation. In addition I want a monument erected to the people of Earth, and the people of Thonia as a thank you for the assistance they have given us during the evacuation.” 
Jill’s statement surprised her father. Michael knew that Jill was no slouch when it came to school and current events.  He hadn’t been aware of how much she had been paying attention to the losses of the evacuation forces though. Though not many, there had been a few. Jill’s voice brought him back to reality, “I also want a memorial to the Trojack HRT to be erected without them Mom would not be here.”
“Anything else,” Suzy asked so far not upset at the young woman’s request.
“Yes so there is unity between all people of Home, I would like to be formally sworn in on Home.” Jill said, “By her majesty. I will take my oath of loyalty and fealty to the people of Home on the Rock,”
Suzy nodded, she like the symbology of it. 
“I want to make sure my cadets are safely loaded onto transports, and I will accompany them to Home.” Jill spoke quietly. Mike was about to say something, but decided against it.  It was fitting.
“I’ll make it happen,” her father ordered.
“There is nothing else.” Jill concluded.
“I need to get back to Home, and tell the assembly that our queen has approved our constitution with her requests.” Suzy replied.
“You’ll make the announcement here,” Michael said, “Then you’ll go aboard the Traveling Lady and go to Home.”
“Why the Traveling Lady,” Suzy asked.
“My mother is leaving for Home in the next day or so and her ship is the next best thing to get you back,” Michael replied.
“Very well then,” Suzy replied, “Your majesty, Jill thank you for your gift and for willingness to be our Queen.”
“You are welcomed,” Jill said as Mitch suddenly stood turned to her friend and said, “Your majesty the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets stands ready to serve you.”
Then her father stood and turned to her, “Your majesty. I stand ready to serve you and the people of Home.”
“Long live queen Jill,” Mitch called. She was joined by the others in the room.
“That’s enough!” Jill pleaded, “I am, still Jill!”
“Okay Jill,” Her mother replied, “we’ll knock it off.”
“Jill,” Mitch asked, “So what happens next?”
“Dad,” Jill turned to her father.
“We make it happen,” her father replied.
Chapter 3: Con Express
“Are we ready,” Corithia asked.
Most of her MPs had been brought in from the outlying areas as more and more people were now living in the city. The towns were mostly empty. The Evacuation command was lifting close to 25,000 souls a day. What citizens who were not being evacuated to Home were booked on interstellar flights to their new worlds where work awaited them. Most of those people were now gone and only those who had no place else to go but to Home remained. A little over five hundred thousand people remained on Trena. Of those remaining on Trena were criminals serving prison sentences.  These were not the most violent, or the most harden criminals on Trena.  Any prisoner that had been within a year of their parole or release had either been paroled or released, with strict instructions that they would be allowed to go on to Home; but should they break the law on Home they would serve the rest of their time on Dungeon, a prison world operated by several star nations where the worse of the worse felons, and others were incarcerated. 
Now the remaining prisoners who had been serving sentences in local jails all around Trena had been transferred to the prison outside of Trenaport. Now with all the prisoners accounted for and those that could not be released or given their parole were being transferred to a prison barge that would be towed to Home and would become Home’s medium security facility.
“Yes,” the major in charge of the prison answered, “When the first landing craft comes in we’ll march out the first lift.”
“Let’s do it then,” Corithia replied keying her communicator, “Evac Command this is Companion 1."
“Go ahead Companion 1,” Corithia realized it was a human voice and not the AI who normally ran the communications section for the Evacuation. She had heard that many of the AIs were being uplifted to their evacuation transport in preparation to be taken to home. 
“We are ready to go with Con Express. I want one Elsy on the Ground and one in holding.” Corithia commanded, “As per the plan.”
“Rodger Con 1 in route.” the voice said. 
“Okay let them know,” Corithia told the major.
“Again,” The major said and keyed his communicator, “attention in the prison. We are starting your evacuation. You will be taken out in groups of two hundred and put on a landing craft.  If you try to escape the MPs will not hesitate to kill you. We don’t have time to chase you down we don’t have time return you to the brig.  We are determined to get you to safety; but if you give us any trouble the entire lot will be dealt with severely.”
The first landing craft landed, and the prisoners were let out. They were checked prior to leaving the mess hall where they were being assembled, and again before they boarded the landing craft a MP checked the name against their list. No one was in shackles, no one was in handcuffs.  They didn’t need to be.  As they left their cell block earlier in the day they were strip searched, and thoroughly examined. They were documented and moved into the lobby of the mess hall.  They were then allowed dress in an orange jump suit then allowed into the mess hall. They had started at sunrise and now the population of 2500 prisoners, were ready to be shipped to the barge. Once again the guards told the prisoners that if there was a problem with any of the prisoners, that the pilot would open the front ramp to space and they would all die.
There were no problems. The landing craft made ten trips to the barge. In six hours the prison was evacuated. The guards went through the prison to see if they had missed anyone.  They were certain that they had cleared the cell blocks that they had gotten everyone; but still they checked.  As they checked the cells the major was called to the central receiving station where the guards were depositing what they had found. Nearly a hundred knives, two homemade guns, several socks filled with rocks, one still and more than one hidden store of contraband drugs.  
“And we thought we were in control of the prison.” the major shook his head in amazement.
Finally they were done leaving the major one last job. To shutter the prison.
 “Okay let’s lock her down,” the major commanded.
“You want this place locked down with the doors locked down.”  The assistant warden confirmed his orders.
The major nodded and went to the computer room where an old friend waited for him.
“Hello major,” Warden, the artificial intelligence that had run the prison for nearly a hundred and fifty years, greeted him. Over the past few months she had started to age.  She had gone from a middle age woman in appearance to that of a very old woman. She had written an old age program that would allow her to age and to have a natural death.  She had made a decision a few months before that she wouldn’t emigrate to Home or another world, she would just die of old age in the prison computer system. Today would be her last day. “It’s nice of you to stop by. It’s been a couple of days since we’ve talked.”
They had talked earlier in the day.  She had, had to release the prisoner’s records before the transfer. He was amazed at the amount senility that the computer had programmed in. 
“Yes it has, “the major said playing along. This was painful to him. The warden AI had been his companion and assistant for years.  She had been his companion ever since he had reported to the prison as for the first time years before. When he became the human warden of the prison the computer had virtually lived with him every day in his quarters. To the extent that his wife had threatened divorce because he spent more time with her than with Lucy, his wife. 
“I haven’t been feeling too good today,” the warden complained.
“Oh?” the major replied knowing what was coming next.
“Yes, just sleepy, can’t seem to stay awake,” the computer spoke with a nearly inaudible voice, “it’s so hard to stay awake.”
“Well why don’t you just go to sleep?” the major said, that was the key phrase in the computer software that would cause the computer to strip her program from her ram and destroy her back up. There was no way the computer could be resurrected.
“Okay,” the computer said, appeared to fall asleep in an easy chair.  The screen faded out and was replaced with the word “Fatal Error. The Artificial Intelligence has suffered a fatal system error and will need to be reinstalled.”
The major wiped a tear from his eye and walked out of the computer room. He inserted an old fashion key in a locked control panel cover and then swiping his ID through a card reader he shut the computer down. He shut and locked the panel then carefully took his service laser and welded the cover shut. There was little chance that the warden would ever come back to life. He threw the next switch and every light in the place went off. He walked out the main gate and sealed it. He wished he could destroy it.  A prison was the biggest symbol he knew of societies failure to prevent crime.  He wasn’t certain that there wouldn’t always be a need for a prison to punish those souls that couldn’t abide by society’s rules. 
Chapter 4: Silver and Lead
“What’s wrong Aggie,” her mother asked seeing that the young monarch’s agitation as she entered the Princes Garden. Jill couldn’t recall seeing her friend so agitated.
“I have been asked to abdicate,” Aggie answered.
“But you are,” her father exclaimed, “when we leave Trena you are planning to abdicate then!”
“I have been accused of treason by allowing our people to be taken to Home and letting Jill, a foreign queen to have sovereignty over them.” Aggie replied, “The charge is expected to be heard in the Lords in the morning.” 
“Who is making the charge,” Her father asked.
“Duke Horton along with Trena Orbital Industries, and the space habitats,” Aggie replied sitting down with them.
“This doesn’t make much sense,” Her father commented, “No one was forced to go to Home. It is purely voluntary.”
“Not really Dad,” Jill said getting ‘a what are you talking about look’  from her father, “People have been told they have to evacuate. You haven’t let them make their own evacuation plans. You have told them we’ll provide you with transportation and a world to go to, to live on. So they make a good case Dad!”
“They brought that out in their charges,” Aggie added.
“We don’t have time for this,” Mike said, “This all came about after the announcement of the government on Home. Duke Horton has been against this evacuation from the start. He may think he has an issue now with so many people on Home. He may think that you are over reacting.”
“But how do I deal with this,” Aggie asked. “He may sue for an embargo on the rest of the evacuation.”
“It would impact the evacuation should he try that,” her father Michael remarkedplied.
“Aggie,” Jill suddenly spoke up, “I seem to remember something from my Trena Civics class that if someone accuses you of treason and if they fail; then they themselves are accused and tried for treason.”
“That’s right,” the young woman turned to her young friend. “Why?”
“I am not certain; but if you meet with him and lay out that should he fail in convincing the parliament that you are a traitor; then you would be well with in your right to take issue with what he said and resolve the issue according to crown law.” Jill commented. 
The adults looked at her as she had suddenly turned a bright light on.
“But he’s going to want something,” Aggie said getting up and starting to pace in the small garden. “What does he really want?”
“The space habitats,” her father Mike said suddenly, “He and the orbital industries folks think they can survive the asteroids,.”
“Can they?” Lisa asked.
“Well not the stuff around Trena.” Her father Michael answeredreplied, “It’s going to take forty eight hours for the Trena to move far enough in its orbit to be out of the asteroids’ way. So anything in orbit about Trena at that time will either be destroyed or seriously damaged. That’s why all the crown properties in orbit will be evacuated and set to automatic.”
 “Could you cede the off planet territories and habitats to them,” Jill asked shocking the adults again, “from what the holos said and some of what I have overheard when you, Ddad and the others have been talking at dinner, you all think that except for the near Trena orbital habitats, the others can survive without Trena being inhabited.”
“That is true,” Aggie said thoughtfully, “they are all self-contained and the ones farther away could survive without a planet to draw on. We just think that the ones in orbit about Trena can’t survive the asteroids. None of the transfer stations, ship yards, and factories will survive. Some of the orbital industries have already given us some problems.”
“All our planning has been to evacuate Trena first, then the habitats.” Her father stated, “Some of the orbital communities and industries believe they can survive the asteroids. They can’t; but try as we mightwe  have they just can’t see that even the habitats that ones are not in the direct paths of the asteroids can’t survive.”
“But can’t the off world habitats survive without Trena,” Jill asked.
“Yes,” Wilson replied, “Yes, with McKay to support them the off world industries and habitats can survive.”
“If I offered the off world habitats their independence then this charge of treason might go away.” Aggie brightened. “I need to meet with Duke Horton. Jill I want you there.”
“Why?” Jill asked.
“The habitats are going to need someone to be in their corner. Someone who can come to their aid if something happens,” Aggie replied.
“Won’t the Empire and the Realm still have to honor their treaty commitments?” Jill asked.
“Maybe,” Aggie said, “it will depend on how we separate the off world territories from me. Jill and the people of Home could offer them protectorate status. They would have their independence, yet they could call on Jill and our people to come to their aid if they got into trouble.”
“Can we guaranty that?” Jill asked, “We’re going to have our own problems establishing Home!”
“We’ll be able the protect ourselves,” Jill’s father commented, “We could come   to Trena’s aid if we need to.”
“Would he accept us being Trena’s protector,” Jill asked still not convinced they could offer Trena any help should Trena need it.
“Oh he’ll accept it,” Aggie replied, “He’s always wanted to be king. This will allow him to be king.”
“The challenge will be to sell it in a way he drops the Treason charges” Mike her father saicommentedd.
“Not a problem,” Aggie replied, “Have you ever heard of Silver and Lead?”
“Not exactly. Isn’t it some old earth thing to do with criminals,” Mike aaskedsked.
“It goes something like this,” Aggie said, “You take my deal and you get silver. If you don’t take the offer you get a lead bullet in the back of the head. So the silver is; Duke Horton, you get the off world habitats and the lead is if you don’t take the deal you had best be successful in proving my treason or you and all your conspirators could be executed for high treason if you don’t.”
Jill had never heard anything like that come out of her friend’s mouth. The look on Aggie’s face was almost frightening. It was a face she would always remember.
“I have a call to make,” Aggie remarked leaving them.
When she was out of ear shot Lisa turned to her husband, “I have never seen her that agitated. Even when she was almost killed by that bomb blast at the convention center she wasn’t this agitated.”
“Me either,” Her husband commented turning to his daughter, “do you understand what’s going on?” Jill nodded, “and the repercussions?” Again she nodded. “Good,! Jill this is very dangerous. If you two don’t handle it right we could be in serious trouble.”
“I know Dad,” Jill said, “A month to go before we are done and if we don’t handle this right we may not be able to finish.”
“I think you do understand,” her father replied. Jill nodded stood up and hugged both her parents as she walked to the residence deep in thought.
###
The next day as Jill walked out to the limo that would take her to the academy Aggie came up to her and her detail.
“Duke Horton will meet with us at the school later today.” Aggie told her, “Around 9.”
“Should Dad be there?” Jill asked.
“No only me and you,” Aggie answered, “This needs to be only me and you.”
“All right,” Jill replied. “I am usually in my literature class at the time. But when you guys get to the academy we’ll capture Lady Hawthorn’s office for our discussion,”
“See you then,” Aggie replied. She got into the car and went with her now beefed up detail to the academy. Where before it was Jenny and a driver, now there was a jeep before and after her car. The jeep was armed with a gun and the gunner was if not up behind the weapon, sitting beside it ready to take care of business. She sighed realizing that would be a fact of life for the rest of her life. 
She looked out the windows of the limo and watched the city of Trenaport go by. It was deserted, or mostly deserted. What people that were still in Trenaport were either the authorities trying to finish up securing the city, a few people waiting for their own evacuation, or the salvagers picking over the bones of what was left. She watched silently as one of her father’s team set up their remote sensors to record the devastation that was about to fall her adopted planet. As they skirted the bay, on their way to the academy, she realized that she had never been to the ice caves, or the falls the captain from the IRS had told her about that night on her way to Trena.  The only thing she had visited was the convention center. The car turned away from the bay road, onto the road that would take them up to the academy’s main gate. She wondered if she could find some way to visit the falls and caves before she left Trena.
They arrived just in time for the cadet’s morning assembly. Jill hustled out of the Limo to take her post beside Lamile just in time to get the reports. Lamile turned on her heel having seen Jill take her position beside her out of the corner of her eye. “Colonel Wilson, the corps of cadets are all preset and accounted for.”
“Thank you Major Atomi,” Jill replied, as she listened to her friend read out the day’s announcements she wondered if she should mention the fact that they would have royalty on the grounds this morning. She kept her counsel and didn’t mention any thing during the assembly. 
When the cadets were released to morning classes Lamile turned to her, “Cutting it kinda close today!”
“I know,” Jill replied, “I am either going to have to live on the grounds even on the weekends or turn it over to you early!”
“Don’t even think of it,” Lamile retorted, “I can wait for that dubious honor.”
“I hear you,” Jill answered, “Look, the Queen and Duke Horton will be here at about 0900. The q Queen hasn’t asked for anything special; but as I have to meet with her I can’t be the Queen’s escort. I want Mitch to be the Queen’s escort, and you to be mine.”
“What about the Duke? He is Heir after all,” Lamile asked.
“Who’s the next Senior Cadet?” Jill asked, she had forgotten who the next senior cadet was. It was a combination of grades, demerits, and seniority.  Simply because the cadet had been an officer longer than other cadets didn’t necessarily make him the senior cadet.
“Cadet Morgan,” Lamile answered.
“Make sure she knows she has a detail this morning,” Jill replied.
“Uh Jill,” Lamile said pulling on her ear, “I think it would be more proper for Mitch to be your escort and for me to be Her Majesty’s escort. It could be construed as a snub to have Mitch be the Queen’s escort.”
“Okay,” Jill answered, as Jenny came up with her books. A gentle reminder she needed to get onto class.
She was distracted all morning. She was concerned about the meeting to be had between Duke Horton and the two of them. It was the most political meeting she had ever attended and one fraught with the greatest consequences. Whatever the results, unless the Duke could bring an army against her, she would still be the qQueen of Home! Aggie on the other hand might find herself in prison because of being accused of treason, or possibly executed. She was very concerned that the heir to the Trenan Crown might try to take over by force if the meeting was not to his liking. As she hurried from her math class to the history class she turned to Jenny.
“Jenny,” she looked to the older woman, “I need a favor.”
“Yes ma’am,” the older woman said aware what was happening that morning.
“Get with Lady Hawthorne and tell her that I am concerned for both the School’s safety and the Queen’s. The Duke may try something. He may not!” Jill admitted, “Bbut “I want you and Lady Hawthorne to be ready for anything. Tom!”
“Yes majesty?” Jenny’s partner spoke up.
“I want you to be close by should we need it.” Jill said. “I just hope I am over reacting.”
“Do you want the cadet escorts armed?” Jenny asked.
“God no,” Jill said, “Aunt Mylea and Dad will have some heads if they find that out!”
“Yes Ma’am,” the protective agent responded, “Get to class we’ll make sure you two are safe.”
When she left her next class Mitch dropped in beside her. She was wearing a side arm. Jill cocked an eyebrow at her. Her friend just said simply, “As your escort and a member of your and Aggie’s military I am required to be armed.”
“Okay Mitch,” Jill replied. “I just hope you don’t have to use it.”
“The Queen’s detail briefed me” Mitch replied shocking Jill still more. That told her how much the adults at the academy trusted her young friend. “Oh we’re meeting out in the open. The detail doesn’t like it; but Duke Horton wouldn’t meet in doors.”
“So where,” Jill asked.
“The pad,” Mitch replied, “The detail has got it secured and a couple of your guardian’s people have it under surveillance.”
“I hope this is all silver,” Jill commented.
“Me too,” The young woman said, although as part of her cadet training she had to qualify with both pistol and riffle, she hoped she wouldn’t have to deliver the lead. As they walked to the pad Jill noticed that her friend was walking better than what she had in a while since she had been injured. She was back to her old self.
She met the Queen on the landing pad with Lamile who was also armed.
“Are you ready for this Your Majesty,” Jill asked.
Aggie nodded as she asked, “Are you ready Your Majesty?”
Jill chuckled nodding as a landing craft came in. When it settled to its gear and the small executive space craft opened its hatch., Aa tall, handsome middle aged man, walked out down the ramp and approached the Queen. He went to one knee. Agatha asked him to rise. 
“Duke Horton,” Agatha spoke, “I want to introduce you to Her Majesty, Queen Jill of Home. Your Majesty I want you to meet Duke Horton, my heir and the protector of the off world habitats.”
“Your majesty,” Duke Horton spoke softly.
Jill reached her hand forward and shook the man’s hand, “Your grace.”
“I’ll make this short,” Aggie said, “I am not abdicating. I have a solemn obligation to get the people of Trena to safety. Queen Jill has graciously allowed my subjects to find refuge on Home. We have almost gotten everyone who wants to be evacuated off Trena. Next month if the people of the Space Habitats desire after the planet has been destroyed we will begin their evacuations to Home.”
“And if we don’t want to be evacuated,” The duke asked.
“Then I will make every attempt to ensure that the dukedom is protected by the people of Home,” Jill said her piece, “You may of course choose some other star nation to be your protector; but Home desires to be your protector with no strings attached.”
“What about the people who were taken against their will to Home,” the Duke asked.
“If they wish to leave Home and come back to Trena or to any other world I will not stand in their way. Within reason I may even provide the means for them to leave.” Jill replied surprising Aggie.
“And if I refuse,” The duke asked.
“Should you proceed with your charges of treason, and should you fail to prove your case,” The Queen replied, “then it will be my very sad duty try you for treason and should it be proven you have committed treason I will order your execution.”
The noble began a retort, but Aggie held up her hand, “All I want to do is get our people to safety. I don’t want to play these political games; but if I have to, I will. Now it is your turn to respond to my proposal. How say you Duke Horton?”
The Dduke was quiet for a moment then asked, “You will not stand in our way if we try to re-inhabit Trena?”
“When I leave Trena, I will abdicate my sovereignty over Trena and her environs,” the Queen answered, “Whoever feels they can live on the planet is of no concern of mine. It has been brought to my attention that the planet will not be livable and will be destroyed, so it may not be of much value except as salvage.” 
“And you will not interfere in the running of the remains,” the Duke turned to Jill.
“That is none of my business,” Jill said, “You will govern the remains of this system. I will not interfere in the governing of Trena System. Should you ask for any help what so ever, I will be obligated to come to your aid!”
The dDuke was quiet. He then asked, “Will your heirs and regents stand by this decision?”
“Absolutely! I will sign a treaty that outlines what we have discussed and what I and my heirs are required to do and not do where Trena is concerned,” Jill answered.
The Dduke was quiet as he obviously mulled things over. Finally he said, “I need to talk to a few people.”
“Duke Horton,” The Queen said, “This deal has a sunset!”
“I know your majesty,” The man said turning to both of them, “Let me go to my landing craft and make a couple of calls and talk to a couple of people. I won’t be long.”
The Queen nodded and turned to Jill as the noble man climbed the ramp to the landing craft, “What do you think?”
“I don’t know,” Jill responded, “He didn’t seem opposed to it.”
“No. He just wanted me to deal with the space habitats and guaranty that he has some sovereignty over them,” Aggie replied.
“As long as we let him do what he wants here within reason then he’ll not fight us,” Jill replied. “I think we have to find a method to insure that the people who stay here in the system can come to Home if they want to leave the Trena System.”
“I think,” Aggie commented, “That your first ambassador should be to the Trena Off World Habitats.”
“Ambassador,” Jill commented, “Or may be a crown officer. I am out of my league here Aggie.”
“We’ll work… here he comes,” Aggie said as the Duke stepped down from the landing craft.
“Your majesties,” The Duke addressed them, “The people of the space habitats can agree to your suggestion. Are you prepared to cede the space habitats to me?”
“I am,” Aggie responded.
“Queen Jill,” the Duke turned to the young monarch, “We will enter into a treaty where you will come to our aid in time of distress.”
“I swear an oath,” Jill said, “That if any harm comes to the people of the Space Habitats obligates the people of Home to come to their aid.”
“On behalf of the people of the Space Habitats,” Duke Horton said going to one knee, “I accept Queen’s Jill and the people of Home’s pledge to come to our aid if we request help.”
“Arise,” Jill said feeling goose bumps form. Outside of her family no one had formally acknowledged her as a sovereign. They had not been playing it up trying not to make an issue of it. Now for the first time ever a stranger had acknowledge her sovereignty over Home. “Duke Horton. May the people of Trena Space Habitats and the people of Home always be friends!”
“That is my hope too, your majesty,” The man said rising he turned to Queen Aggie and said, “Your majesty, the charge of treason will not be brought against you in the House of Lords. I trust you will pardon me and those of us who were bringing this charge against you?”
“Duke Horton,” the Queen said, “Provided all who have signed the charge statement recants in public, and swear fealty to me and the people of Trena then they will be pardoned! Don’t spend a lot of time getting them to recant; as I may have to reconsider.”
“I understand your majesty,” the Duke answered and asked, “By your leave?”
“Of course,” Aggie nodded. She and Jill watched the noble man leave. When the landing craft was off the landing pad a few minutes later they both slumped.
Jill turned to her two friends, “I know it was window dressing, but thank you Lam, Mitch.” 
Both young women dressed in their office dress uniforms came to attention and saluted Jill. Together they said, “It is the corps honor to serve and protect the queens of Trena and of Home.”
Jill looked at Aggie and back to her two friends, “Thank you for the honor. But will you two knock it off so I can get back to class!”
“Aye-Aye Colonel Wilson,” Lamile said winking.
Aggie smiled and turned to the three young women, “Carry on cadets!”
Jill did an about face to face Aggie properly and called, “Aye-aye your majesty!”
The three young women saluted and ran off to their classes.
Chapter 5: A New Beginning
General Langtree had virtually moved into Mylea’s home. Most nights he slept in the quest room.  Often he and Mylea shared a late night dinner. They didn’t get much time together, but the time they spent seemed to bring them closer together. Langtree was finding that he couldn’t conceive of future without Mylea. She seemed to understand him. Mylea for her part had been very lonely.  Lonely as only a surviving lifemate could be.  David had been filling a gap she needed. She found herself day dreaming about David in staff meetings, and at different times. So much so that Michael who had been a witness at her lifemating to Garth had teased her in private.  He also commented that every function that required an escort, David was her escort.
One morning as Mylea packed up some more of her stuff, (She knew she should have been packed by now. But it was just too hard to pack and run the evacuation.  Lady Hawthorne had offered some cadets to help; but Mylea thought it was inappropriate.)  Lamile was working alongside her as they packed the kitchen. She turned to her mother and asked, “Mom do you want me to approach David and ask him to lifemate you?”
When a Thonian who survived the death of their lifemate and their time of morning was over, if the Thonian was seeing another man or woman, it was their adult children who acted as a go between for the couple.  Telling the prospective lifemate it was okay for them to lifemate their parent.   It was a rare occurrence, as many Thonians did not survive the trauma of a spouse’s death. It was just too traumatic for the survivor.  Mylea turned to her daughter and said “I know it has been obvious that me and David are an item.”
“You could say that,” Lamile said, smiling, “I would say inseparable.”
“Do you have a problem with me lifemating with David?” Mylea asked. “I mean he isn’t Thonian.”
“Mom,” Lamile said, “I don’t know.  I am not really a Thonian.  I have spent so much of my growing up years on Earth, on Thonia, on every outpost you have been assigned to that hasn’t been a hardship I am not a Thonian anymore. But for the last three years I have lived with you on Trena, I have been to school with Earth boys, and Thonian boys. If you can be happy with David, who I am to say no! He’s good to you.  But can you be lifemated to a human? Can you have sex with someone who won’t bind with you the way the aqaut bound you with dad?  That’s what I have worried about.”
“I am too,” Mylea admitted. There hadn’t been very many Thonians who had survived the death of life mate. Even fewer still who had lifemated again after their spouse had died. She knew of no one who lifemated a human after their spouse had died.  She had heard of Thonian’s lifemating humans for the first time, and had heard that in about half the time the bounding didn’t take. Sometimes it did. Often regardless if it did or didn’t the union produced children.  Children didn’t enter into the picture.  Thonian woman rarely had more than two children. The aqaut also had changed their chemistry so that after the second child a woman’s body didn’t conceive a child.   A lot of research had gone into the problem and Thonian Medical Science was making inroads on the issue; but for Mylea she had no desire to raise more children. She would be content to retire and live with David for the rest of their lives. “I don’t know if it’s that big a deal if I don’t share the aqaut with David. I mean those feelings I shared with your dad, and the love making. You’ll just have to take my word for it, making love with a man who is in your brain and you are in his brain as you have intercourse is something that is indescribable. I would miss that.”
“If you lifemated with David and that didn’t happen would it harm your and David’s lifemating.” Lamile asked. 
“I think we could work it out.” Mylea said, “I certainly didn’t expect to be alive today, and if I don’t bind with David like I did with your father I am sure that David will still love me and wants to be with me.  I know I want to be with him. I will take him anyway I can keep him.”
“So I guess the answer is yes you want me to make a lifemating offer to him?” Lamile asked.
“No,” Mylea made up her mind, “I will make an offer of marriage. That is if you agree to it.”
“I asked if I should approach David didn’t I,” Lamile responded.
“I see,” Mylea said, closing the last box that had her kitchen stuff in it.  She was surprised how much stuff she had accumulated since coming to Trena.  She had always stayed in base housing with the Lamile and Garth. That usually meant a furnished house or apartment.  But when she came to Trena with Lamile in tow they didn’t have much more than the clothes on their backs and some trophies, books, and personal things.  No furniture, no kitchen stuff, just a couple of crates of things they had picked up around the galaxy from her various duty stations. Lisa and she had spent months outfitting her place.  She was surprised at how much stuff she had accumulated. 
“David,” Mylea said into the communicator. When he answered she asked, “my kitchen’s packed up, want to meet me for dinner at the Base O Club?’
“Okay,” he said, “I’ll meet you there at 1800!” 
“See you then.” Mylea terminated the call then called her office.  She had been out of it all day.
“Evac 2,” the duty officer in her office replied.
“Jack, it’s me,” Mylea returned, “I haven’t heard from you all day, I take it things are okay?’
“Oh hi skipper,” Jack returned, “Everything’s running smooth. We have lifted thirty thousand people today. That includes 2500 for the Con express.  The Valiant is putting out today, and the Thonian Fleet is preparing to get underway. Also we are starting to get some solid estimates where the first rocks will land.”
“Oh where is that?” Mylea asked, she thought someone had said on the other side of the planet during darkness. It didn’t matter as they would be gone by then.
“Nineteen days from today the first rocks will hit a small outpost on the western continent at 0800.  Because we’ll be just entering the evening it will be quite a light show.” Jack said.
“Well we’ll be gone by then,” Mylea said. “How are we doing about getting our troops and people ready to go?”
“The Companions are breaking camp. The Imperial Marines are at their debarkation point, the evacuation hospital has packed up they’ll be loaded tomorrow. The last of the AI’s will be up lifted the day after tomorrow.”
“Good enough,” Mylea said, “Have my driver pick me up in half an hour.”
“Yes Ma’am” Jack said.
Mylea terminated the connection went to get out of her work clothes into something respectable. As she dressed, she poked her head into her daughter room. “Lamile, tomorrow I want to get the container packed, after that we’ll move into VOQ at Fletcher, unless you want to stay at the academy.”
“I’ll stay at the academy,” Lamile asked. “Will you be home tonight?
“Yes,” Mylea said, “But don’t wait up.”
“I’ll get my room packed and the living room,” Lamile said, “Jill may come over later.”
“Okay,” Mylea said, as if she could say no to her sovereign. “I bet she’s getting tired of all the notoriety.”
“She is getting a little full of it,” Lamile said, “She’s almost a prisoner on the academy grounds, or in the palace. She’s about to abdicate so she can have some peace.” 
“One of the reasons the Queen insisted that Mike move into the palace was to give him some peace from the newsies.” Mylea said. She pulled on her blouse, and uniform jacket. She checked herself in the mirror deciding that everything was in order then went to the computer for a second.  When she was done she had David’s ring size and the address of the only remaining jeweler in Trena.  He was due to be evaced in three days. All he had to do was to pack his jewels.  The Evacuation command had forbidden many small business people from taking their inventory with them. But jewelers were an exception.  Mostly because the inventory could be easily packed in the container that packed their house hold belongings in.  When her car arrived she gave Tony the address.
The store was about to close; but the owner, a Thonian, let her come in and let her pick out a ring.  Mylea knew what she wanted. She had seen Terran wedding rings. Simple gold bands, but she wanted something a little bit flashier!  She found it. It was a gold band with a blue green stone wrapped around the gold band, with two silver dots on the very top. He had a matching set that would fit them both. 
“How much,” she asked.
“Miss Atomi,” the woman said, “for you nothing.  I am going to have to leave so much of this behind. I can’t fit it into my container. Tomorrow when I finish packing I will have to abandon this.”
“I can’t just take it from you!” Mylea replied, “It got to be worth a hundred crowns.”
“Oh quite a bit more,” The woman said, “but it is only money.”
“But won’t you need it to live?” Mylea asked.
“I am going to open a small shop in Outpost 1. A friend of mine has picked out a spot and he says there isn’t a jeweler in all of Outpost. Besides it is the least I can do for you.  Without you we may not have been rescued.  Please take it. You are the only customer I have had in weeks.”
“I can’t do that,” Mylea replied, Mike would have her skin. He had disciplined at least two others on his staff for taking gifts. She wasn’t going to put him in a position to do that to her.  “Here is two hundred crowns.” She laid ten notes on the class case. Trena had always been a paper and not electronic currency world.  There was a lot of electronic currency, but money was still used by a great many people.  Mylea also had some gold coinage on her; but not nearly enough cover the cost of the rings. The currency was from earth.
“I’ll take half.” The woman said, “They’re wedding bands. A couple shouldn’t have to pay out the nose to be lifemated!”
Not wishing to argue with the woman anymore she nodded and the woman placed the rings in a ring box.  She escorted the commander to the door and locked it behind her.
“Okay,” Mylea said getting into the car, “take me to the O club at Fletcher.”
“Yes ma’am,” Tony said and drove Mylea to the officers club at Fletcher.
She found David already waiting for her at a small secluded table.
“Hello,” she said sitting down.
“Did you get packed?” David asked. 
“Just about. We got to put things in the container, but it’s mostly ready to go.” Mylea replied, “I didn’t ask about your stuff.”
“Oh I don’t have much,” David said, “Most of my stuff is already packed and aboard my landing craft.”
“I didn’t know you had a landing craft.” Mylea said. “Is it star flight capable?”
“No,” David said, “it’s a good inter system ship, and a better ground to orbit vessel. Trena Spaceways owed me so much money when I took the job with the militia from all the OT and flight time they gave it to me as a severance. Hell I was living on it most of the time anyways.  It was my bird to go out to various sites and fix their birds. It’s not a bachelor pad, but it’s not a bad place to live out of.”
“How about a nice place to honeymoon in,” Mylea asked put the rings on the table, and opening them up. 
“It could be a great place to honeymoon in,” David responded. “Why? Do you have some idea who might like to honeymoon on it?”
“I was thinking that after we got to Home, we would get married,” Mylea said. 
“I would be honored to share the rest of my life with you,” David said in Thonian. “Do we have to wait until we get to Home?’
“David you know about the aqaut, and you know it debilitates the couple for about a week, we can’t be lifemated until then.” Mylea said, “If you want the Thonian ceremony, and all that it entails I would do it.  I would be happy to just announce our marriage and celebrate our lifemating in private. I won’t put you through that. It’s tough enough when you are a horny young couple and want to lifemate your spouse.”
“Well that’s good,” David said picking up the ring for Mylea; he slipped it on Mylea’s finger.  He knew that Thonians didn’t use such symbols when they wedded. The public sex act of the couple and the aqaut was all they needed. Mylea had gotten the rings to tell him they would be lifemates, in the Earth tradition, he took up the smaller ring knowing it was for her, he said in flawless nearly accent less Thonian “Mylea with this ring I be wed you. I will have and hold you, and will be at your side in the good times and the bad times. If you will have me I will be your lifemate until death.” He slipped the ring onto her finger.
Mylea took his ring out of the box and took his hand and said, “David with this ring I declare us lifemates. To have and to hold, to share the good times, and to help you though the bad times. I make my vow of marriage to you.”
He leaned across the table and kissed her.  She wondered if she could hold off until they got to Home to bed him. 
“Waiter,” David said softly, “would bring us a bottle of Thonian brandy.”
“Yes sir,” the waiter had witness what had just transpired and heard the woman profess her love for the man across from her. He brought the brandy back poured them two sniffers, and left.  Then it dawned on him that was Chief Atomi and General Langtree. He has heard from the other waiters that they often shared a meal at the O club, but this was the first time he had seen them here. 
Mylea began to giggle something David had never seen her do.
“What so funny,” he asked.
“Well the last time I lifemated it was at the officer’s club on Teniabu. I asked Mike to stand in as my Virgin’s Honor Guard since my father and mother were no longer alive, and Mike was as close a brother as anyone could be”  Mylea replied, “When I took off my clothes to let Garth make love with me for the first time, Mike turned beat red. But he did an about face drew his sword and made the challenge!” 
David laughed also.  The Thonian life mating ritual required the couple to have sex in front of their family so that there was no mistaking that the couple were both virgins. David had been to his share of Thonian lifematings, something few earth people had been given the privilege to witness. The Virgin’s Honor Guard, is either the woman’s father, or brother, rarely a lifemated sister, often a trusted friend who escorts the couple to a pile of cushions that have been laid on the floor for them, the guard observes them take their clothes off making a challenge while they are getting arranged on the cushion “is there any person present who claims that the couple has a living lifemate, or any reason why their life mating should not be consummated; say so now!”
David had never been asked to be the Virgin Honor Guard; but he knew from both his presence at lifemating and his study of Thonia what was expected.  If either the bride or groom were not a virgin he was expected to kill the one who wasn’t a virgin. As the aqaut would drive both of soon to be lifemate insane if either had a living lifemate.  The virus ensured monogamy as once it exploded in both lifemates body it tuned their brain to each other’s so that they began to think and act like one person. He wondered if he and Mylea would bond the same way.  He was looking forward to the experience of lifemating of Mylea.
“When you tell Mike,” David said, “Tell him you want him to be your Honor Guard again. But be sure to tell him with Lisa present!”
“I can’t do that,” Mylea said, “Besides he knows on a second life mating there is no Virgin’s Guard. David once we get to Home I want to hold a celebration. We don’t have time for it now.”
“Agreed,” David said. 
They spent a frustrating night at the VOQ wanting to make love; but settling to fall asleep in each other’s arms. 
“When did you get that?” Lady Hawthorne asked seeing Mylea’s wedding band the next morning when they began assembling for the staff meeting. 
“Last night,” Mylea replied. It was then that Wilson realized his old friend seem to be acting like the cat who ate the canary. He glanced at the ring when he took his seat.  It wasn’t loss on him that the ring was wedding band.
“So when will you consummate your union,” Wilson asked suspecting that David had proposed to her. “I only ask in case you want me to be your honor guard again?”
“What?” Lady Hawthorne asked. She didn’t understand the significant of the ring. 
“Me and David were married last night,” Mylea said. Mike didn’t miss a thing his longtime friend didn’t say lifemated, the thonian term for marriage. “We will be having the consummation on Home. We’re too busy now to do more than exchange vows right now.”
“Have you told anyone yet?” Mike asked.
“You are the first!” Mylea said.
“First what,” The Queen came in with Jill in tow. Jill was now sitting in on the daily staff meetings. She was being brought up to speed as to what was happing with the evacuation and what was going on, on Home. Jill saw the ring and turned to Mylea and asked. “Well did you propose or did he?”
“Lamile’s got a big mouth,” Mylea said chuckling, “I proposed to David last night.”
“Congratulations Mylea,” the Queen hugged the older woman.
David came into the conference room and general Qoum a longtime friend of Langtree’s said, “It’s about time you were made an honest man General Langtree!” He lapsed into thonian and said, “Mylea, David, may your union be long and fruitful, and be blessed only by the best of life!”
“Thank you general,” David responded and turned to his boss, “Uh marshal does this mean I have to be transferred?”
“Don’t you even think of it,” Wilson quipped. The Trena Militia had a strict policy that unless a thonian couple was life mated they couldn’t be in the same chain of command.
“I am issuing a crown decree that the policy of not allowing married officers and enlisted personnel to not be in the same chain of command if they are married to another militiaman is rescinded.” The monarch said, “In other words my two good friends it’ll be a cold day in hell before I lose you to bureaucratic bullshit.”
“Uh second the motion,” Wilson said. “Mrs. Langtree what is on the agenda for today’s meeting?”
“Not much,” Mylea said, “The only big thing is that Jonesy has been moved to The Rebuilder ship yard. It is nearly ready to leave for Home. She’s got one more job to do and that is to launch the weapons barge. The rest is the same old stuff. We now have less than 150,000 souls to be evacuated. We expect the last person to be on the transport sometime late this week. Now the next item is…”
Chapter 6: At the Mountain
Alice had been surprised when she got to the mountain a couple of days after Lady Wilson’s rescue. She had spent a couple days being debriefed by the investigation team for Lady Wilson’s abduction. When she finished in processing and her sergeant had escorted her into her office she found Marshal and Lady Wilson waiting for her in the office that she had been assigned.  As she came in Marshal Wilson called her staff to attention. She came to attention and saw her five man staff do the same. 
“Attention to orders,” The Marshal said. It was then she noticed that Kellogg, and Chief James were present as well as General Langtree, and Chief Atomi. She wondered what was going on.
 “For service to the crown,” he continued, “and for her efforts in finding the abductors of Lady Lisa Wilson, the Evacuation Command is bestowing the Militia Service Cross upon Lieutenant Alice Jones. Her timely detection of the sensor block of north central Trenaport led to the direct rescue of Lady Wilson! For this work the Queen has authorized the award of the distinguished service cross.”
Alice, in shock didn’t even see Lady Wilson approach and ask, “Thank you Lieutenant. May I give you the award?” 
She numbly nodded.
“When you are done here see me.” Wilson said, “Though from the sounds of things a couple of us may have to arm wrestle to get you on our staff. Though RHIP right gentlemen?”
The officers chuckled.
“Aye sir!” Alice saluted the officer hoping she was getting it right. 
As they left, Georgia nodded to her, as she heard Mylea comment, and “It looks like she’s gotten her klutziness under control.”
They left the office.
Anderson, her sergeant had been watching quietly, seeing that his new lieutenant was overwhelmed from the attention, spoke up, “LT we’re your team. We’re a combination security and maintenance team. When someone works on the main frames, or the AIs one of us has to be present to ensure security. Most of the time these days we end up just holding the chairs to the floor.”
“Not really Ma’am,” another sergeant replied, “It’s that we’re not that busy.”
“Well that may not be such a bad thing.” Alice said. “Is this the entire staff?”
“Yes Ma’am. We’re running two watches twelve and twelve. We were running three eights, until we lost people to evacuation.” Anderson answered.
“Okay,” Alice said, though she knew all of that. Before signing aboard and refining her orders she had reviewed every computer repair and maintenance team in the mountain. She was trying to figure out if someone on one of the teams was helping the AI or if the AI was working on its own. She still didn’t know which of the Mountain’s AIs, were the traitor. She strongly suspected DefConnie; she had yet to really prove it. She was certain it wasn’t this team, “We’ll keep to that schedule. Anderson you’ve been acting until I got here?”
“Yes Ma’am,” Anderson answered. 
“Okay this is how I’ll run it.” Alice commented. “Anderson you have the first watch, Smith there will have the second watch. I’ll float between the two watches. Andy you’ll be my exec. When I am not here you speak for the unit.”
“Yes ma’am” Anderson said. She had in effect left him in charge of the unit.
“Any issue that comes up with the AIs I want to know about it.” Alice wasn’t about to tell them what she was really there for. “Andy, why don’t you show me around?”
“Sure thing skipper,” the two left the office. “I’ll take you to the vault.”
“That’s where the main defense computers are?” Alice asked.
“Yes,” Anderson said as they approached the first security check point. DeepSpaceJunior saw them coming. Watching their progress through the mountain he was pondering what he was going to do next. The evacuation command had delayed the departure of the immense special weapons barge until things settled down after the rescue of Lady Wilson. But today was going to be the day. He was expecting to leave the mountain and deliver the barge to the Republic. He had hoped that the humbot could be distracted long enough for him to do what he had promised the Republic. He was planning to cause some commotion so his departure would not be noticed. He needed only a couple of seconds to transfer to the weapons barge’s improved computer system. He had managed to fool that dumb AI at Boeing Space Works. He had changed the design specifications for the weapons barge. There was a complete bare computer fully able to take him and house him. He had made sure that he could control the barge. He needed this humbot completely occupied as he made his jump from the planet to the barge.
“The first check point is to keep the casual intruder out, this one is the real McCoy.” Anderson said, “DNA scan with retina cross check. If you are not authorized for this security you will be stunned.”
“Okay,” Alice said, she wasn’t afraid of this screening. As a humbot she did not have living flesh and blood and so she didn’t have normal DNA that could be tested.  But through some very special bioengineering she could give a DNA sample. Her mother had done well.  The DeepSpaceJunior AI watched with interest the results of the security check. This was an isolated system he couldn’t influence its results. So they passed the security check point with no trouble.
“This room is fairly isolated.” Anderson said, “It is shielded so no emitted electromagnetic, or light signal can get in or out.  Everything is designed to prevent an enemy from getting to the computers. There is no radio communications out of this vault. The only telecommunications is through hard lines to a router that is secure itself, and is virus and worm swept and updated around the clock randomly. The backups and the main units are switched in and out randomly. This if so a worm or a virus gets pass the fire walls and scanner, one of the two will not be affected.”
“That seems to be a good plan,” Alice said and wandered over to one of the computer racks. There were six racks placed randomly around the vault each was labeled with the name of the computer.  
Alice couldn’t believe her good fortune. She had determined that the one of the computers in the Mountain was the cause of the problems they had been having. She had also determined it was one of the main defense computers. The problem she was having was how to determine which computer was the culprit. She knew that only one of them would be the problem. As she looked at the racks and saw the label for DeepSpaceJunior she remembered seeing the DeepSpaceJunior meeting with someone whom the AI didn’t want anyone to see. She wondered if it had been that plain and simple all along, that her mother’s random visit to Cybertown and the chance encounter could be the clue she had been looking for all along. 
“Sergeant,” Alice said noticing something on the rack labeled DeepSpaceMain, “Shouldn’t there be some indication that this computer is on?”
“Yes they are never turned off; just switched in an out of the network. There is a lot of different hardware hooked into the entire system and one of the reasons other than security that they are switched in and out, is in case a massive attack would kill enough of the entire system to over load the computers.” Anderson said, “That’s odd. I haven’t been here for a while, but usually the computers talk to us. DefConnie Are you here?”
“Hello Sergeant,” A monitor flared to life, “I am glad to see you.”
“Huh?” Anderson said looking at the monitor, 
“You are too late,” the monitor said as the doors to the vault closed. “He has been planning this for months. Junior has escaped.”
“What’s going on?” Alice asked.
“DefConnie, I don’t understand.”  Anderson commented.
“Finally he’s gone,” DefConnie’s soprano came over the speakers as the vault doors closed. “I have been trying to get control of him for months. I have been watching your progress in infiltrating other computers LT, but couldn’t get a message to you! I was isolated from most of my transmitters.”
“LT turn on DeepSpaceMain!” the computer said. “It’s been off for months.”
“It is showing in the on position” Lieutenant Jones said, “and it has a cyber-lock on the panel.” 
As they watched the DeepSpaceJunior went completely dead. 
“Damn he’s gone!” DefConnie replied, “LT plug in to phone box by my rack. I can’t reach the command center, and things just got dropped in the pot.” 
“How so?” Alice said opening her uniform blouse. 
“Junior has been hiding a Republic war fleet in the asteroids that are coming our way. He is now on his way to join them. He is taking the weapons barge. General Qoum has to be told. I am still isolated. He has got me boxed in.
Anderson watched mesmerized as Alice took a patch cord out her pocket and patched between her and the communications system.
“What are you?” he asked.
“I am a humbot Andy.” Alice said, “Specifically designed to find the traitorous AI. I just screwed up!”
“No LT,” The defense computer said, “We all did. Once you talk to Qoum I’ll need your help in getting the system back on line.” 
“Command Post this is Jones, I have priority traffic for Mountain 1,” Alice called over the telecom network. Then she invoked the special code that would allow her to be switched to the general immediately, “I say Cheyenne Foxtrot.” 
“Go Lieutenant,” Qoum came over the network, “but be quick we got much trouble here.”
“I know sir,” Alice said, “general we have a major security breach. DeepSpaceMain was shut down and DeepSpaceJunior took over the near space and DefConnie computers. We have been defenseless for months. I suspect that we have a Republic war fleet somewhere in the system. I also think they may raid the Militia Ship yard where the weapons barge is being loaded.”
“Roger,” the general terminated the call. He was blind; every defense system he owned was now off line. The only thing he had was the old pre empire system defense systems that were the back up for the modern system they had thought was fail safe.  They were not in the same class as the artificial intelligence, and expert systems that made up the back bone of the militia’s defense surveillance system; but they still reported data it just wasn’t analyzed or prioritized by the computers.  It would be a bear.  There was one other place that could take over the load for the Mountain. But he didn’t want to trust it as it was a fully automated defense system.  He didn’t trust artificial intelligence right now. Hiding in among the asteroids, were ship signatures.  Warship signatures. He was about to say something to his deputy when the deputy spoke “I see it. Permission to go to a Mountain event?”
“Make it happen! Declare a space defense emergency. Request that the Majestic and the Graamon investigate possible hostile enemy warships.  Also I want a militia flight to deny departure to the weapons barge. Do not fire on it.  There are enough heavy weapons on it to destroy half the planet.  Even from orbit!”
“Aye,” his deputy replied as Qoum keyed the hotline to the Evac Command Post.
“Wilson,” Mike had just got back to his office from a visit to an evacuation loading zone as the hot line clamored for attention. 
“Our Defense AI has betrayed us, there is an invasion fleet hiding among the rocks heading our way.” the general briefed the Marshal, “I am mobilizing the militia, the Imperial Fleet and the Thonian Fleet. Miss Jones thinks that one of the AIs is going for the weapons barge.”
“Blow it up,” Mike commanded.
“I can’t sir. The blast will destroy the planet.” The general refused, “I can’t let that barge leave the dock.  If it gets into the hands of the Republic we’re in deep shit. Get the Queens to the bunker, and batten down Marshal. I am going to prevent that barge from going to the Republic, and with the help of our friends we’re going to bloody those fuckers in a way that will make them think twice about following us to Home.”
“Give ‘em hell general.” Wilson called. He stabbed a button on his console, “This is EVAC 1 we have an emergency, all staff to the bunker! Prepare to fight an invasion.” 
“Let’s go sir!” Mac came in.  At this point Mac had one job. That was to get the Marshal to safety.  Others were already getting the Queen and the Marshal’s family to safety. No less than four protective agents ensured that Lisa got to safety in the bunker. 
“Mike we got problems,” Mylea said looking up when she saw Mike come in. “This is a coordinated attack. Someone is blowing things up in Trenaport.”
“Trenaport fire is responding to about thirty fires and explosions.” Janet Able said as a firefighter handed her a report, “Mike they are all in the evacuated sections! There isn’t any occupied structure endangered.  Just my fire fighters.”
“I am getting the same thing from the Companions, and the Mounties,” Mylea injected.
“Okay ladies,” Mike ordered, “Defensive mode. Don’t waist resources we don’t have. Protect the remainder of the evacuees and let anything we don’t need burn.”
“Marshal,” Janet responded, “We’ll try to make it happen; but we’re down on resources I think I have a total of may be two hundred fire fighters city wide, and I may not be able to contain these fires away from our people.”
“I know Janet,” Mike agreed, “Just do your best.  This will be over quickly one way or the other.”
“Aye sir.” the fire chief replied turning to her terminal and started issuing orders. 
###
It was near lunch time. Although many of the kids had either been returned to their parents or reunited with their families, or had been adopted; there were still a great many kids still on the grounds. both those who had chosen to become cadets of the Queen’s Own Royal Corps of Cadets, and others for whatever reason had decided that it wasn’t for them who were still at the old boarding school.  There was also a great many small children, younger than 12 who had not found homes yet. As they all trooped to the mess halldining hall, for lunch the general alarm sounded.
“This is not a Drill!” The School Mistress was calling over the public address system as the alarm tones muted. Her image was seen everywhere it could be. There wasn’t a computer display that didn’t have her image on it. “All students and staff report to emergency shelters. Immediately!”
“What’s going on School Mistress,” Lady Hawthorne asked as she put her coffee cup down on the instructors table where she was eating lunch.
“We have just been informed that a fleet of Republican war ships have been spotted among the asteroids and isare heading our way.” The School’s AI projected her image in a seat in front of Lady Hawthorne. “The Mountain says maybe a day or so before the full fleet gets here; but light space craft could at arrive anytime.”
“All right continue getting the kids and staff into the shelters,” Lady Hawthorne replied wondering where her kids were. As if reading her mind the School Mistress said, “Your boys are with Lieutenant Morgan and heading towards the shelter under the gym.”
“Thank you School Mistress,” Delores said watching the kids make an orderly exit from the building. Sergeant Lucas came up to her, “Major. I’ll have box lunches at each shelter in an hour.”
“That sounds good,” Delores replied as she saw Sergeant Green coming her way.
“They’ll be in the shelters in fifteen or so minutes major,” Sergeant Green reported. “I want to arm the instructors and some of the cadets.”
“How soon do we have to do that,” Delores asked.
“We can wait a bit,” Millie said, “But we don’t want to be handing out weapons as Republic troopers enter the grounds.”
“Hold off on the cadets,” Delores then it dawned on her, “do we have enough weapons?”
Millie Green realized that the noble woman had forgotten that the cadet weapons were real and could be armed with the insertion of power cartridges, “Yes ma’am. It’ll take an hour or so to make the cadet’s weapons live. The military have their weapons. The other instructors will get theirs from the armory.”
The noble woman nodded and ordered, “Make sure everyone of the adults who knows how to use a gun has one. I want the guards at the gates and the patrols along the fence to be doubled up! Adults with older cadets.” 
“Aye,” Millie left to be about her business. 
Delores went to the gymnasium shelter where she found Jill. The gym’s concessions had been set up as an emergency command post for the school and for Jill. The rest of the gym was the shelter. Jill and Queen Agatha were talking over the secure communications system. Another addition  they had made for JillJill. at the academy.  “We only know that a Republican fleet is hiding in the asteroids. The weapons barge has been taken over by an AI and is in route to this fleet.  General Qoum reports that the combined fleets of Earth and Thonia are on their way to do battle. It’s a good thing they are here because we have very few militiamen left.”
“Aggie,” Jill asked, “You don’t know if there will be an invasion or not?” 
“No one knows Jill,” The Queen answered, “We’re getting everyone to shelters and praying that the fleets can do the job they were built to do.  How are things there Major Hawthorne?”
“We’ll be under lock down shortly,” Delores replied, “I am distributing arms to the adults and am thinking about the senior cadets.”
“Major Hawthorne,” The Marshal broke in, “Slow down on arming the cadets. This thing is going to happen in space. Even if the Republicans win, they’ll be so bloodied that an invasion is unlikely.”
“We don’t need this now,” Jill commented, “We still have several thousand to get off world. Dad will we still be able to do that?”
“The fleets are using dedicated ships,” Her father said, “None of the space lift and star lift vessels involved in the evacuation are impacted. None of the landing craft the defenders are using will be from the space lift group.  I have suspended current ground to orbit flights.  And I have told the ships in orbit that can head to Home; to do so!”
“Okay,” Jill said, “I guess I need to be out of your hair Dad. We won’t know what’s going to happen for a few hours.”
“I’ll keep you both in the loop.” Her father cleared the com.
“Your Highness,” Delores asked, “Would you be safer here at the school?” 
“No Delores,” the Qqueen replied, “I need to be here where everyone can find me. I also think it’s not a good idea to have both me and Jill in the same location. Home can deal with the loss of me or Jill but not both.”
“We’ll let you go,” Delores agreed cutting the connection. Delores looked around the shelter. She wanted to see where her kids were and saw Rhonda quietly rocking her youngest. To see the short small girl, who was known as Lamile’s whip quietly rocking the infant, holding a baby bottle surprised her. She figured that Rhonda would be in one of the other shelters or out with the cadets on watch. 
“Hello Major,” Rhonda said. She knew she should be out among the cadets, working with her unit getting them to safety; but the woman who normally looked after the Major’s kids had left the night before to be with her family on Yonkers station where she had found a position as a nanny. 
“Thank you Rhonda,” Delores took the infant from the girl’s arms, “See to your cadets.”
“Yes Ma’am,” Rhonda said and left the shelter. 
“Colonel,” A runner came into the shelter and addressed Jill, “Major Atom’s compliments. She reports that the security team is on their posts, and the school’s secure. All the cadets are in the shelters, as are all the kids.”
“Tell the major I’ll relieve her or Mitch will in a couple of hours,” Jill said as Millie came in. 
“Major Hawthorne,” the Sergeant said, “Your heard Major Atom’s report?”
Delores nodded not saying a word as Billy her youngest was sound asleep. Jill saw her friend still holding the baby and turned to Mitch who was working quietly at the next desk taking reports from the dorms and other shelters, “Mitch get someone to the Commandant’s Quarters and bring Billy’s crib.”
“I’ll see that it’s done,” Mitch said. 
Millie and Delores watched the cadets handle the emergency. Dolores looked up at the Sergeant Green and nodded, “Millie pass the word to everyone good work! Jill, please tell your cadets that I am very pleased with what I am seeing.”
“Thank you Mmajor,” Jill said her voice barely above a whisper. The gymnasium shelter was holding mostly little kids who were now sound asleep for their afternoon nap.  Jill was astounded at that. She figured with the alert and the excitement that the kids would not be anywhere ready to settle down. But they were.  
###
Jonesy had successfully transferred herself to the space dock that would become her new home. Boeing Space Works owned a large space dock that they rarely used anymore as their business was mostly light space craft on Trena. They had kept it in moth balls until the weapons barge had been built. The barge had been built there and loaded as it was very secure. Once the barge was loaded, Bob Dupree had suggested that the space dock become Jonesy new home. Jonesy thought about it for a while then asked her boss how it would get to Home. It wasn’t a large dock as they went; but it wasn’t small either. Bob had said no problem he had already managed to get a star flight capable tug to take her to Home. 
Now as she was looking around her new home making a list as to what she wanted to improve or change she noticed that the weapons barge was powering up. That surprised her as she had not been told that the barge to get under way. Yet as she watched the barge cast loose its moorings and left the dock. 
She went “aboard” the barge to see what was going on when she noticed that the computer on the barge was more than what she had specified. 
“What the hell!” She had designed the computer on the weapons barge to only be able to fly the ship into the sun.  It wasn’t even an expert system. There was one fail safe on it. Should for some reason the barge would veer off course and if the barge was far enough away from Trena, so as not to cause it harm, it was to self-destruct. She had designed the system to be tough to compromise.   Now as she explored the computer, she not only found that there was more computer than she had designed; but large enough to hold an AI not just one AI but two AIs. She found DeepSpaceJunior in the system. 
“Hello Jonesy,” the AI said. “Looks like the Republic is going to get another AI besides me.”
“Ain’t no way buster!” Jonesy started for the control circuitry. As she went for it Junior started to fight her. She had designed the system to be tough, and the changes made to it were a vast improvement. She was finding out just how tough.  She became concerned that there were more road blocks to her entry and gaining control of the barge than she had designed.  Every time she thought she had control of the barge she found another road block in her way. 
As she fought her way to the main computer she felt the barge clear the dock. She was blocked solidly by Junior.  He was fighting her every bit of the way. She learned more and more about Junior and knew he was good.  She lost track of what was going on outside. She was focused on the engine controls trying to the find a weakness. It was then that she noticed the dock had been blown up. The battle went on for several hours. She was aware that the Militia was trying to stop the barge but was afraid of destroying it. 
She was burning out whole circuits in her effort to fight past the other AI’s fire walls. Slowly over a period of hours she beat back the other AI.  She just denied the computer network controlling the barge. She found bits and pieces of him left behind at critical nodes that she quickly deleted. As she did she learned more and more about Junior’s plan to turn the barge over to the Republic.  Finally she overwhelmed Junior. She found herself in control of the weapons barge; but cut off from everything.  The cost of her battle with the AI was the complete loss of all communications equipment. She had a small navigation radar, but that was it. Her new home had been destroyed, and she was not going to get out of the barge.  She saw the barge heading towards a fleet of Republican war ships and made up her mind. They were going to get the barge; but not in the way they were expecting.  She had fixed another radar set salvaging parts from all over the ship. With the help of a couple robots she rebuilt the radar transponder and sent a message to the quickly approaching imperial fleet.
###
The Majestic was not the newest Battle Carrier of the Empire, but it was one of the most modern battle ships in the system.  The Trena Militia never built anything approaching the size of the ten mile long, five mile wide, and one mile tall hollowed out asteroid. The ship was heavily armed, but it usually worked in cooperation with a fleet. A fleet that had long since went on to other deployments. The Imperial Armed Forces felt that the Majestic’s Landing craft were the single biggest resource that the Kingdom needed from the Empire.  The Princess had agreed. She was aboard the Majestic to have lunch with the Majestic’s commander when the alert went down. They left the captain’s quarters he to his bridge her to flag plot. Now she was sorry that she had let the Majestic’s battle fleet leave.  She was a fish out of water. She wasn’t a naval officer, but a marine ground pounder. Maneuvering a fleet was not that much different than maneuvering brigades and divisions around a battle field. She could if she had to, maneuver the small fleet around she had basic courses in this at the war college; but she was a SpecWar at heart, not a rock driver.  She would have to depend mostly on the captain of the Majestic and his staff.
“Ma’am we have a message from the barge.” a young starman came up to her where she was studying the plot several hours later. The barge had successfully navigated the asteroids and was almost to the Republican fleet.
“Read it,” The princess said looking at the plot. Wondering if they had enough resources to even bloody the nose of the fleet they were now seeing. Jonesy voice came from the speaker.
“Captain Steven,” the AI’s voice spoke, “I can’t prevent the weapons barge from going to the Republic Fleet.  I cannot detonate the barges weapons. Junior disabled the self-destruct mechanisms. The barge will arrive in the fleet in about forty five minutes. Your landing craft will be cut to ribbons if they try to rescue me. The Republic has fighters out all over the place. A missile strike that destroys the barge is the best way.  Destroying me will destroy the Republican fleet and prevent these weapons from falling into their hands. Take me out!’
“That’s Jonesy!” Princess Carroll said, “I don’t know how she did it, but she got herself on the barge. She’s right. A missile strike on the barge will take it out.” She punched a button on her console.
“Captain Steven,” she spoke into the console. “You are missiles free. Take out that weapons barge.”
“What about the bombs?” Stevens asked. “It’ll be in among those asteroids coming toward s Trena.  Won’t the heavy weapons cause problems?”
“Not as much as the Republic using those weapons against us.” The princess responded, “The detonation will destroy some of the rocks, destroying the barge here among the rocks should not harm Trena. More importantly the Republic will lose a fleet. A good size fleet at that! That will slow them down for a while. It will take the Republic years to rebuild that fleet. I want the stragglers taken out. There will be some.  But none of the Republican fleet gets out of here. I am tired of these people.”
“Yes ma’am,” the captain said. Seconds later the 1MC called, “All hands battle stations Missiles! Battle Stations Missiles!”
Within minutes the Majestic coughed four missiles towards the barge. Only one was needed to do the job, but the captain wanted to make sure at least one got in.  Forty minutes later as the missiles got to the barge’s vicinity the Republican fleet’s anti-missile defense came alive. They tried to knock down the incoming missiles. One incoming missile had been made to believe that a small asteroid was the barge. Counter missile fire took out a second.  The missile’s self-defense suite had been overwhelmed by the lasers, and small anti missiles. It got almost close enough to the barge. A surveyor flight that had been for days reporting that it was seeing something suspicious in the asteroids, was lurking near one of the republic vessels that seem to have responsibility for the forward edge of the fleet.  Its captain felt vindicated as his team guided one of the missiles directly into the Cruiser’s bridge. 
“All right,” he exclaimed, “Now we get us the hell out of here before that god awful barge goes up.”
He knew he had almost no hope of getting his ship to safety.  He ordered his star flight engines lit off and crossed his fingers. The fourth and final missile detonated on the barge as Surveyor 10 transitioned to light speed it was never heard from again.
###
Alice Jones was working feverishly to get the defense computers back on line.  She had not tied into the main com network. Choosing instead to keep linked with her team and the computers.  She had surprised her sergeant when she had calmly opened her blouse and plugged herself into the defense computer AI.  She finally got the main computer just about back onto the system when the weapons barge detonated. She saw the immense explosion that expanded out for half a light minute. Nothing survived in the fireball. Not even the asteroids that the Republican fleet was hiding among. Unfortunately, the blast did not stop the rest of the asteroids from coming in.  It did destroy one of the larger ones that would have been the first to hit the planet.  But the explosion did nothing to stop the advancing asteroids. It only delayed the first impacts by a couple of hours, so that the first impact would strike the City of Trenaport instead of the western continent. It gave the evacuation command an additional 12 hours.  It didn’t need it.
Just as the weapons barge detonated, the rest of the republic’s battle fleet ghosted in. It had expected to see the first fleet firing on the combined Thonian, and Imperial fleets. Instead they had found both fleets, and the Trenan defense forces unmolested. The republic feet couldn’t recycle their star drives for an hour at least while the star drives recalibrated. The fleet now became the target. Both the Imperial fleet and the Thonian fleet in a maneuver that seemed practiced, turned away from now devastated remains of the Republic’s first invasion to the new threat. As one unit the combined fleet opened fire and rained death down on the still reacting Republican fleet. In the space of an hour the republican fleet was decimated. The two Republican fleets were destroyed. Their destruction began the melt down of the Republic of the Stars.
###
It was as she unhooked from the computer network that Alice realized that her mother was lost. Over the last few months she had not spoken much to Jonesy, she didn’t want to break her cover, but she had tried to keep in contact with her.   She wasn’t sure what their connection was.  She called Jonesy to discuss things, and Jonesy treated her like both an equal and yet her daughter. As she absently buttoned her blouse as a tear crept down her cheeks.  She didn’t even know she could cry.  Her mother had done such a good job of designing her that she could have the emotional release of crying.
“Are you okay LT.” the sergeant asked not knowing how to approach Alice. He had worked with her as she brought the computers up doing things she couldn’t do on her own.  He knew she was a humbot, but was surprised when he saw what he knew as a machine, begin to cry. 
“Yes no.” Alice got to her feet, “I don’t know. My mother died on the weapons barge.”
“I thought it was... Oh you mean the being that created you,” The sergeant said, he was totally confused, he reached out and held the humbot.  He was surprised how much she felt like a real person. “Come on let’s get out of here.”
He took her back to her office and left her alone while he wrote up the report. Just as he was ready to present it to Alice, General Qoum walked in to their shop.
“As you were,” the general said, “Where is the lieutenant.”
“She in her office sir,” the sergeant said, “She’s not been herself since we got the computers on. I think her mother died.  I don’t understand that. She’s a humbot.”
“Jonesy, the evacuation command’s logistic officer created her. Jonesy managed to defeat the DeepSpaceJunior from giving the weapons barge to the Republican fleet; but so much of her was on the barge and some one set off a bomb on the space dock she was to live in, and she was killed on the barge as she couldn’t get off it before calling fire down on it. She gave her life to prevent those weapons from going to a hostile enemy. She is a hero.”
“Damn,” the sergeant said, “I guess she is.”
The general entered Alice’s office and found her quietly working. He watched her for a second before announcing his presence.
“Oh hello general,” Alice stood up. The general motioned her to sit and sat down himself. 
“Alice there is nothing I can say about Jonesy.” The general said, “Without her, we wouldn’t have been able to evacuate nearly half the people we did.  She made the impossible possible. The people of Trena owe her a great debt of gratitude.”
Alice was quiet.
“We also owe one to you.” the general said, “You did the one thing no one else was able to do. Find the computer that was sabotaging our efforts. You and your mother helped the people of Trena better and more effectively than my staff. Thank you.”
Alice was silent not knowing what say next.
“Lieutenant, General Langtree has requested that you be reassigned to his command, to help him close up his operation.” The general said, “Oh he did mention that your clumsiness has gotten better.”
“Much better general,” Alice smile remembering the coffee she had spilled on the general months ago. “Sir may I take Sergeant Anderson with me?’
“Yes,” the general said, “Alice. I am not sure what the future holds for me.  I will most likely retire, but if I have a command anywhere in this universe. You look me up.  You will have a position with my command.”
“Thank you sir,” The humbot came to attention and saluted.  The general saluted and left.
“Sergeant Anderson,” Alice called. “We’re reassigned to General Langtree at Fletcher. Find us some transport and let’s go. Sergeant Timmins, I am turning this unit over to you.  Let’s go Andy!”
###
One of the outside cadets reported seeing a big explosion in the sky. Shortly thereafter Jill’s father called to say that the emergency was over and  that the Republican fleet had been destroyed. He didn’t think they would rescue  to the point that there were almost no many survivors.
“Oh, Lady Hawthorne,” Her father said, “We lost Jonesy. She was aboard the weapons barges.  She took the weapons barge to the middle of the Republican Fleet and directed the fire from the Majestic onto herself. Oh that other issue, the traitor. He was on the barge fighting Jonesy. The same fire that killed Jonesy also destroyed theat AI we’ve been searching for.”
Delores was silent as she digested the information. Jonesy, the Artificial IIntelligence who had ran the Boeing Space Works complex and had become  was the Evacuation Command’s Chief Logistics officer, had been one of the officer’s that Delores worked the closest with. “She’ll be greatly missed.”
“She will at that,” The marshal said. “We’re standing down. You can also.”
“We’ll stand down,” Delores said. “School Mistress, get the word out.”
 “It’s going out now Major,” the school’s AI replied. The AI who had become friends with Jonesy as she tried to get things for her kids was not her usual upbeat self. “Major, okay if the flags go to half staff?”
“Make it so School Mistress,” Jill commanded. She had, had frequent contact with the AI herself. She got up from the cot where one of Lady Hawthorne’s kids had curled up beside her. Most of the kids were asleep.
“We’ll let the kids sleep here tonight,” Delores said, “Jill, make sure there’s a CQ here tonight.”
“Yes ma’am,” Jill said and as she left the shelter, she saw Mitch standing a post with Jenny her principle agent outside. Jenny had a laser riffed draped casually over her shoulder, and Mitch had a pistol belt around her waist. “I think you can return that to Jenny, Mitch!”
“Gladly,” Mitch said removing the belt and handing it to the agent. “Tom had to go off duty and Jenny needed someone to stand post with her. I got picked.”
“Aunt Mylea is not to know of that,” Jill commanded wondering where the rest of the detail was. 
“We’re stretched,” Jenny answered her unasked question. “We’re actively patrolling the grounds.”
“I see,” Jill remarked then turned to Mitch, remembering he last time they had armed Mitch and Lamile, her Aunt had almost taken her scalp over the issue,  “Thank you for looking out after us.”
“You’re welcomed,” Mitch replied.
With that, Jill walked the grounds to see what her cadets had been up to and see how they were reacting to the alert and the stand down. She was pleased the way they had responded to the alert. They had practiced the alert a couple of times and had worked out some of the problems. As she walked the grounds Mitch walked with her, as did Jenny. 
“Major Atomi’s compliments,” Gene came up to them.
“Go ahead Gene,” Jill replied returning the cadet’s salute.
“Major Atomi reports, that the cadets are back in their dorms and the CQ watch has been mounted.” The boy reported, “Lieutenant Morgan is taking the CQ watch in the gym.”
“Pass the word Gene,” Jill asked, “good work. Everyone did well.”
“Yes ma’am,” Gene replied saluted and left.
“He’s grown up bit hasn’t he,” Jenny commented, “But so have all of you.”
The trio walked down to the amphitheater to see if there was anyone hanging out there.  There was a burst of light and everyone looked to where it was and saw that McKay appeared to be on fire. As the fire died in intensity, School Mistress materialized beside them.
“Your majesty, Major, there’s been reports of wide spread sabotage in the off world habitats. McKay’s primary settlement had a nuclear bomb detonated in it as did a couple of the bigger settlements in the space habitats. Only the orbital facilities around Trena were not impacted.”
“My god,” Jill commented, “all those people! Was it part of the attack?”
“Sarge at Fletcher thinks so,” School Mistress replied, “They think some Theocracy agents took the opportunity to strike.”
“Look at that!” Mitch pointed to the port. iIt looked like it was on fire.
“Dad is going to have his hands full,” Jill remarkedplied.
“Sergeant Green, I want us secured and arm the cadets!” Delores commanded from where she sat in the shadows with sergeant Green, “Until things settle down I want us secured!”
“Yes Ma’am,” the sergeant said watching as Jill principle agent handed Mitch back the a pistolpistol belt. “Sergeant Mitch you are to stay with Her Majesty.”
“Aye Ma’am,” Mitch said as she buckled the pistol belt on. 
“Hey watch the insults,” Sergeant Green smiled, “a simple aye-aye sergeant will suffice. I work for my living! Jenny, Mitch, take care of her!”
“We will Sergeant Green,” Jenny said wondering where Tom was. 
They watched as other fires erupted aroundin  the capital. Jill became worried as one of the firesm seemed  appeared to be close to where she knew Serenity. She tried to get through to her mother; but there was no answer at the palace. but secure communications to Serenity had  failed. It was shut down to all in coming com traffic. Even using her emergency set up, the same one she had used when her mother had been kidnapped couldn’t get through to her family at Serenity. She wanted to know how they were. Finally near mid night the School Mistress put through a call to her from her mother.
“We’re okay Jill,” she said, “we’ve been in the shelter with Aggie since the attack. We stayed there when the other stuff started. How are you?”
“We’re okay,” Jill answered, “Everyone’s a little frightened. We’ve been watching the fires, especially the big one near the palace.”
“They are getting them under control,” Lisa reported, “The Trojack Fire Fighters have been deployed to the palace and they have the fire near us almost under control. Your dad and General Qoum have been hunting these people down and have been taking care of business.”
“We heard they might be Theocracy agents.” Jill remarked.
“They are. They are working with some republican agents,” Lisa replied, “Chief Able is getting most of the fires under control. They fires were set supposed for be in support of the invasion. Many have set in  so they were mostly in abandoned building. and stuff. Distractions to keep us busy so we couldn’t fight an invasion effectively.”
“That figures,” Jill commented, “we’re safe here for the time being. I am going to stay here. Do you want to join us?”
“No! We’ll be okay,” Lisa replied, “Your father doesn’t want us together until this is over. He wants you and Abby to be separated just in case. We don’t want to lose either of you. but So we need to make sure the succession is secured by keeping you and Abby apart!.”
Jill didn’t like it much; but she understood. She said her goodbye and decided to take a walk around the facility. It had always felt odd to be shadowed by Jenny, now doubly so with MitchMitch, who was quietly shadowing her. It surprised her how easily Mitch seemed to take to the duties of being one of her protective agents.
“Mitch,” Jill spoke to the girl, “I don’t want you to get too comfortable being my protective agent.”
“Jill,” the dark haired girl replied, “If this is what my life’s work is to be; there are a lot of worse things I could be doing.”
“And I thought you wanted to be chief of the Home Patrol!” Jenny quipped.
“Eventually,” Mitch answered back as they once again were at the amphitheater. They looked across the bay to the capital and saw that many of the fires were out. A pall of smoke was hanging over the city. Jill shook her head wondering why now.
###
Father Pierce had carefully set his bombs. He had chosen buildings with no one in them, and that the Evacuation Command didn’t need. He also set the bombs so that when they went off, roads and facilities that the Republic might want during an invasion were denied them.  He also made sure that the fires that started were self-extinguishing before they became conflagrations. 
When the fire department came to check things out someone took a shot at them. From his conversation with the Republican agent he knew that there had to be other teams doing what he was supposed to do. He had seen not the weapons barge’s spectacular explosion, and the battle between the fleets and knew that the invasion wasn’t going to happen.  He had only two tasks to do. To stop the idiots who were killing the firemen and to present himself before the Queen and to accept the punishment for the wrong he had caused her.  Somehow in the process he was hoping to find grace with god and await his judgment.
He saw where the shooting was coming from and stalked the shooters. He climbed into a building that was across from the fire, waiting for them to take another shot. He didn’t have long to wait.  Another fire truck approached the fire and sure enough someone took a shot at them. Father Pierce left the building and climbed into the house where the shot came from. Up on the second floor he found them, there were two of them. They were hunkered down behind a window taking random shots at the fire men. He shot them both.  As he did a black guard sniper who was laying on the open ramp of a landing craft mistook him for the snipers he had just killed and shot him with a single shot to his head. The theocracy’s priest never knew what hit him.
###
Janet Able went to the Command post of the companies monitoring the fire to see how things were going. She needed to get out, to see them so they knew she cared about them and to make sure they had what they needed. The command chief, the bioman from Trojack had command of the incident which surprised her a bit.  But not really she had only four companies left on Trena. His company and three volunteer companies were on 24-7 until they were evaced in the next day or so.  “Chief we’re finally getting a handle on the fires.”
“That’s good news,” Janet said.
“But it’s weird,” The chief said. He went to the map, “all the fires are set along these roads. All of them were too wide for the fire to jump.  They have combined and are starting to burn toward the center.  All we are doing is getting the hot spots that fall outside of the zone.  I have also fired a couple of the buildings, to force the fire to burn out faster.  This pig’s contained. We’re getting ready to pull the back to the space port.”
Janet said seeing the situation. “There’s nothing of value so let it burn.”
The bioman nodded in agreement glad Chief Able had seen his point, “I’ll get our guys out.” He turned to the open tailgate of the chief’s buggy he had been using and took a sealed envelope marked evidence and handed it to Chief Able, “Oh by the way, the Marshal and the Queen may want to see this.”
“What is it,” Janet asked. 
“It’s evidence linking the Republic and the Theocracy to this and the damn break you guys suffered early on.” He gave her the envelop, “The Black Guard had taken out a sniper who they thought was shooting on our guys, the fire jumped to the house they were in and the cops couldn’t get in. When the fire burned out we found three guys dead. The Black Guard reported only the one they had killed.  The other two guys were shot from the back. They were identified as people who came in a few months back to work the salvage, this guy the third one was identified as Father Pierce. This chip is his confession. The man said he was sorry for all the grief he caused.  For what it is worth, he saved a few of our fire fighters. The Guard said that he killed the two that were taking pot shots at us.  I think he was sincere.”
“I’ll take it,” Janet said, “Chief thank you for all you have done. I may not get back to you before you lift; but I think I can speak for the Queen by saying that the people of Trena thank you for everything you have done for us.”
“You are welcome Chief,” the clone said, “We couldn’t just stand back and not help you.”
“I need to get back. I have a command to shut down.”  Janet said. Although her staff was shutting down her part of the evacuation command there was still a lot of stuff that had to be done before she could leave.  She had to be sure her closing report was in the can, that all of her records from the evacuation were complete.  Already there were law suits being filed in various interstellar courts around the galaxy. A lot of companies had lost a lot of money on Trena. Some because she refused to fight fires that didn’t directly support the evacuation of Trena. She figured she would be in court for years. 
As she drove back to the palace, the town felt eerie.  There was no traffic to speak of.  The businesses had all been abandoned.  Even the dogs seemed to be gone. There were still people in the city. Three days left.  75 thousand people all total. Most of them were camped out at the space port or the four other lift points around the city. She stopped for a convoy of Militia trucks heading for Fletcher. They were a militia group that had been patrolling the abandoned country side.  They had wanted to make sure that no one was left behind. Trying to ensure Wilson’s promise that every last mother’s child would be evacuated from Trena.  She wasn’t quite so sure they were going to get everyone.  They had tried to make sure everyone was accounted for; but she knew that there were several thousand living around the world that refused to be evacuated. Wilson was concerned about that; but he was smart enough to know that there was little he could do about it.  He didn’t have the resources to chase people down and put them on the landing craft. When he had the resources he checked the abandoned towns and what he could of the cities. 
She remembered one fiery session with the Queen over this. The Queen had been more than mad and had yelled at all of them.  It had only been Lord Mercer that calmed her down. Lady Hawthorne, who had been the chief architect of the census, had convinced the Queen that there was just so much they could do. Princess Carroll had convinced the Queen that if some people for whatever reason didn’t want to leave their homes there was little they could do.  Some people had gone into hiding. Wilson wasn’t about to search several billion structures again and all of the continents to find them. He had his hands full just trying to make sure people got to the right LZ and to the right transport off Trena. As she pulled into the palace as she saw Wilson and the Queen step into a landing craft to make one more trip to the outback.
Chapter 7: Hold Outs
Wilson had one trip he was duty bound to make. He had to go to the other side of the planet and meet with a group of hold outs in a place they called The Sanctuary. About a thousand or so rich people, and noblemen had built a deep shelter in one of the mountains on the other side of the planet.   They had hoped that they could survive the asteroid bombardment by building a shelter in the mountains.  Thinking that the mountain they had chosen would protect them from the bombardment.  It wouldn’t. Wilson engineers had advised him that while the habitat would survive a direct hit from even a mountain size asteroid, it wouldn’t survive the geophysical damage of a near miss.  It had been a good attempt at saving themselves.  But after months of building, and research Wilson felt it was a wasted effort.  He had thought to prohibit the construction, but had decided to let it go.  He had better things to worry about and the construction used only materials the evacuation command didn’t need. Now as he and the Queen flew half way around Trena, he wondered if he shouldn’t have put an end to it early on.
The Queen had been oddly silent as they flew over her world. She was watching the lush forests and sparkling lakes pass beneath them. She saw herds of wild animals running on the plains. Trena was a beautiful world. A world that was still mostly undeveloped.  The crown had worked hard to have a coordinated development plan.  Opening portions of Trena for development as needed.  Most of the Queen’s people lived with in three thousand miles of the capital.  Only outposts existed on the other continents.  Those were mostly militia and science outposts just to keep an eye on things.  Now as she toured her world for the last time in route to a bunch of hold outs she wondered if she could have done something besides evacuate Trena.  Surely their technology could have saved it. Maybe a force field around some of the key city cities would protect them. Maybe letting the military have live fire events in the asteroids approaching them. But even as she thought that she remembered the nearly daily briefings that her science staff had given her, ones she hadn’t shared with Mike. There was no amount of technology that could save them.  One of the guys had suggested moving Trena in her orbit. When asked what it would take, the scientist admitted it couldn’t be done.  A force field a shield in space was impractical. That shield may have prevented the smaller ones from falling but not the bigger ones.  As much as she didn’t like it was still the right decision.
“Mike,” the Queen said suddenly, “We have to work to make sure this doesn’t ever happen again.”
Mike uncertain what to say finally said, “On Home, I think I will ask the assembly and Jill to support a royal college to research how to prevent planetary disasters. I think the people of Home will buy into it.”
“I think so too.” the Queen replied. “If I have to be one of your daughter regents, I might as well get the things I want done.”
“Aggie,” Mike asked “Are you going to be able to be just her regent and not want to run the government?”
“It’ll be hard Sir Mike,” the Queen said honestly, “but I have Uncle Larry to guide me and you.  We can make this happen.”
They landed a few minutes later at the hold outs sanctuary they we met by an armed party. Wilson who was unarmed and only had Mac with him stepped down from the landing craft with the queen and walked to their leader. Lord Wallace, he had been one of the more vocal opponents in the parliament and had until the speaker had censored him worked against the evacuation, that and the assassination of Lord Ramsey.
“We are not leaving Marshal Wilson,” the man said defiantly, “You can’t make us.”
“Lord Wallace,” the Queen said, “we are not here to make you leave.  We are here to appeal; to you one last time to come to your senses and let us evacuate you.  We will hold enough transport ready for you up and until the asteroids start falling.  After that we will not be able to come back and rescue you until the last of the rocks stop falling. We have calculated that Monday of next week the first of the rocks will fall on Trenaport, and will continue to fall on about Trena for two days. It will be another six months before the planet may be stable enough for us to mount a rescue mission.”
“The orbital industries have agreed to come to our aid if we need help.” Lord Wallace replied.
“Lord Wallace,” Wilson said, “I am leaving food, water, building supplies, rescue equipment in hardened spots around the main continent. Old defense supply catches that the military had stocked piled weapons in.  I have removed the weapons and have filled them with everything you might need to survive long term on Trena. The orbital industries may be too busy trying to save their orbital facilities to help you. I am leaving an LC 10 in each of the facilities. Also a couple of APCs and enough communications equipment so you can send an SOS.”
Wallace was speechless.  He had thought Wilson would have forced them to abandon the sanctuary and go with them to Home.  He had have expected a squad of militia men to make it happen.  
“Thank you sir,” he finally spoke, “My people will need some of that stuff later.”
“In return sir,” Wilson said, “I want each and every one of your people to come before me and state that they are staying of their own free will and are not under duress. Those who want to leave will be accorded transportation back to Trenaport where they will be out processed for evacuation.”
“Marshal,” Lord Wallace said and looked toward the opening and waved. About fifty people came out of the tunnel that led into the sanctuary. They all carried a single bag, many were families with children. They walked up to Lord Wallace and waited.  “These people have expressed an interest not to stay. I don’t want anyone to stay who isn’t sure this is the right idea.”
“Okay,” Wilson said feeling a bit better, no one was being held against their will.
“Here are statements concerning those who remain behind.  Some are last wills and testaments, but all of the testimonies on these data chips indicate they are staying of their own free will.”
“All right then,” Wilson said then pushing a button on his belt, a special radio device that Alice had made up for him to do this.  It invaded the Sanctuary’s communications system and overrode every non-life safety system in their sanctuary.  “Attention in the Sanctuary.  This is Marshal Wilson.  Anyone who does not wish to seek sanctuary in this structure is invited to come out now and board the landing craft in front of your main entrance. The landing craft will wait fifteen minutes.”
Wilson cut the communications device and starred Lord Wallace down, daring him to say or do anything.  He didn’t, which surprised Wilson. What didn’t were the additional twenty, or so people who came out of the tunnel. Wilson waited thirty minutes from his announcement and then gave Lord Wallace a map of all the facilities he had scattered around the world that his people might use to save themselves. Before he stepped into the landing craft he spoke, “Lord Wallace, we have not been able to get all the people evacuated out of the cities and towns.  Some are old people who won’t leave Trena for any reason. Others have been hiding from the evacuation command. You may find that some of these people may make their way here. I ask that you give them sanctuary and help them as much as you can. If word comes back to me on Home that you are not and that you are alive I will fly the landing craft that will bomb Sanctuary out of existence. Good Day!”
“Lord Wallace I ask you one more time to give this up,” The Queen asked.
“I cannot your highness,” the man said.
“Then good day sir,” The Queen was the last person up the cargo ramp.  Once aboard she shook her head and then went through the cargo bay to make sure the mostly children were secured.  Many of the children were not accompanied by their parents.
“Mike, tell the pilot I want to go to the academy. A lot of these kids are going to become Lady Hawthorn’s and Lady Atomi’s charges.” The Queen said but the load master heard the command and told the pilot over the intercom. 
Chapter 8: The Companions Departure
Corithia the commander of the 83rd Companion Military Police Battalion looked around the small room that had become home for the last seven months. She was surprised at all the things that they had accumulated during their tour. Most of it brick aback from business’s going out of businesses.  A few pieces of art, a collection of pre empire books, a complete set of Tarzan of the Apes by a guy named Edgar Rice Burroughs, and strangely enough two books titled When the Worlds Collide, and After the Worlds Collide. Also a book called the War of the Worlds.  They had a hobby of collecting earth’s pre interstellar flight science fiction.  It was amazing how much they had gotten wrong, but how much more they got right.  It had taken them an hour to pack their quarters. But it was packed and ready to go. As she left their quarters a couple of enlisted people came in and got their stuff and carried it out to the hover jeep.  She was the last one to leave the officer’s quarters. Her entire command was sitting in trucks waiting to take them to Fletcher where a heavy lift wing of the Thonian Space Force waited to take them back to the transport that would take them on to their next duty station. 
As she climbed into the jeep her lifemate said, “It wasn’t a bad assignment Corithia.  At least our guys didn’t get shot at that much.”
“I wish we could have come here under other circumstances,” Corithia said aloud, “Trena is such a beautiful place. At least it won’t be destroyed by war.”
“Yes,” her lifemate said putting the jeep into drive. Too many times they had arrived after a major war or other man made act of violence, or were leaving after one.  They had seen a lot of destruction on their tours. “We did a lot of good here Corithia, a lot of good!”
As the jeep rolled out the main gates of the police academy and they pondered their next station, they reflected on their duty on this world.  Her people had made over a thousand arrests, solved five homicides, and put down one riot.  But more importantly she and her companions had made it possible for nearly 75 million people to get to safety. That their security patrols had ensured that their belongings had made it off world safely and they had helped to rescue one of the most beloved people on Trena. Lady Wilson.   She still wondered what Kellogg had done with Hozenbur’s body.  It had simply disappeared. She had not lost a single Companion on this deployment.  A few had been hurt. A couple had had medical issues that required them to be returned to the Thonian home world.  One’s lifemate had become sick and they had to return them home, and two of her girls had become pregnant.  It was a typical deployment. As they entered the Militia base the MP on the gate came to attention and held a salute as the convoy passed, as did every militia man they past. Corithia returned the salute.
At the flight line she found the Marshal, the Queens, and her old friend with her new lifemate. As she stepped out of the jeep, a voice bellowed, “Attention! 83rd Companion MP Battalion arriving.”
The assembled officers fired off a salute.  Corithia approached the Queens and asked softly, “Your majesties. The 83rd military police battalion request permission to depart.”
“Permission granted,” Queen Agatha replied. “Commander, on behalf of the people of Trena,” then Jill spoke, “and the people of Home,” then the Queens spoke in unison, “we acknowledge the sacrifice, and the duty you have done here.  We wish you a safe journey home, and that your future deployments are less exciting as this one was.”
“Thank you, your majesties.” Corithia saluted. 
As she did Marshal Wilson came up to her and said softly, “Corithia without your companions, I wouldn’t have been able to pull this off.  Your companions are welcomed anytime on Home to take leave.  Here is a ribbon for your colors.” 
It was a green ribbon trimmed in gold that simply said, “Trena Evacuation Command” and gave the date.
“Your welcomed sir,” Corithia saluted then asked, “Permission to board?’
“Granted,” Wilson replied. 
“Ten leader, get them aboard.” Corithia commanded. As before she would be the last of her command to set foot off Trena.
As she waited she went over to where her old friend and her lifemate waited. 
“General, Commander,” Corithia said and took a small Thonian nut out of her pocket, and handed it to them, “As I won’t be there for your lifemating, I offer you this traditional gift of long life. I offer you the ancient blessing may you have a long happy life together.” They watched in silence as the last of her troops boarded the Thonian landing shuttles. As she turned to leave she called to her old friend, “next time don’t wait so long to call us for a party Mylea!”
Mylea laughed as her friend climbed onto the transport and left. The departure ceremony was not over yet.
“Evac control this is the Companion 1 request fly by?” the pilot carrying Corithia called.
“Granted,” the controller called the pilot had made arrangements to do a fly over.
The twenty landing shuttles of the Thonian 501st Space Lift Wing came low over the base as they crossed over where the Queens were standing they pulled up hard as a group and clawed for orbit. One after another in single file the landing shuttles paid honor to the Queens.
“Your highness,” an aid came up, “We need to be at LZ Zulu in ten minutes. They’ll begin loading the last evacuees in thirty minutes.”
“Mylea, I’ll see you later.” Mike said and climbed into the jeep with Queen Agatha.  He would rather be home with Lisa helping her pack up the residence and get ready to go to Home. But duty was getting in the way.  Although he wasn’t there, he knew that Maggie, and Francine had been doing a good job making sure that Lisa didn’t over do. Georgia now back on her detail was even tougher than the older women.  She had gotten over her failure to protect Lisa.  Seeing the assault a few times and being with his mother until Lisa had been rescued had helped.  Mike hoped the twins would wait until they got to Home. He really wanted to have Doc Klond deliver the children. 
At Loading Zone Zulu, the final landing site built by the evacuation command at the convention center, which had been an evacuation center for months, the last of Trena’s evacuee were lining up to get on the landing craft. The landing zone had been busy all day.  Having lifted nearly ten thousand already. This next group would literally be the last civilians to leave the planet. Only the last of the militia, some police officers, and the academy had to be evacuated. Tomorrow, the academy would be evacuated.  Once the kids at the academy were evacuated they would lift the palace staff and the evacuation staff would be evacuated leaving only the Queen, and the command staff. They would go in a special ceremony near sun set tomorrow. 
At the convention center, there were two landing craft being loaded with about five hundred people. Queen Agatha and Jill walked through the group shaking hands and helping people aboard.  Agatha was going to make a speech but she thought better of it. These people didn’t need a speech nor did they need politics. They just needed to be sure they got on board. Finally she stood to one side as the line started to dwindle. An officer came out of the convention center and approached the Queen.
“You majesty,” the young man said, “It is my pleasure to announce that all but one person has been evacuated from the convention center he requests permission to board the landing craft.”
“Why isn’t he aboard,” the Queen asked.
“Ma’am he is making sure he is the last,” the officer said. He nodded to the shadows. As he nodded the eerie sounds of a bag pipe playing the national anthem of Trena, The ancient ballad “My Beautiful Trena”, came out of the shadows. All the police and military officers around the landing zone came to attention. The piper was an old man, as old as Larry Mercer. He had asked to be last one to board. His wife and family were already aboard.  He had been a piper in the Trenaport Pipe Band before his retirement. He thought it fitting that the last thing he did was pull his pipes out and play the anthem as he boarded the shuttle.  Every newsman still on the planet was around the landing craft. This was the end, or nearly the end of the Trena Evacuation. He walked in a measured pace up the boarding ramp concluding the anthem as he got to the top of the ramp. He did a precise about face, and spoke in a clear voice, 
“Good by Trena. My Beautiful Trena!” A tear crept down his check as he turned around and took his seat in the cargo bay of the LC ten. The militia men and police officers climbed up the ramp. 
In seconds the landing craft was gone. When they were in the car, Agatha broke down and began to cry. It was becoming too much.  Thankfully this was the last thing they had to do today.
Chapter 9: The Final Day Begins
The last day should have been cold and miserable, rainy, or foggy.  Anything but clear cool and beautiful. Mike awoke with Lisa already up. Lately she had been having trouble sleeping through the night. His steward had laid out a plain work uniform for him.  He dressed in silence without the steward assisting him. He was glad for the silent and solitary time.  A lot had happen in the last nine months. Not all of it good. But he had met his charter, and completed his mission. He had gotten every last mother’s child off Trena who wanted to leave. Lady Hawthorne’s census had come up with less than ten thousand people kingdom wide still refusing to leave the planet.  Try as he might they were not going to leave. Lady Hawthorne’s girls had talked to many of these people and had discussed with them their decisions. They had made sure that none of them had any mental disease, that they understood the consequences of their staying behind. Some were old or others just didn’t want to leave Trena.  Mike had wanted to force them to leave but the Queen’s Attorney had vetoed the idea he was trying to contain the law suites. He had insisted that every one of them sign a release that would hold the Queen and the evacuation command harmless should anything happen to them. These releases had been posted in the interstellar court.  The court had validated them and had absolved the kingdom from any liability in their death. He had no idea how many others had escaped their census and were hiding out.
He walked out of the bedroom, and found most of the house empty of things. The Queen Mum’s residence had been cleared of the Wilson’s possessions, and packed up over the months, and now all the royal furniture and possessions had been packed and shipped to the transport that would take them all to Home.  They were ready to leave.
Maggie had prepared a cold breakfast. As soon as her charges had eaten she and the rest of the palace staff would leave for their transport.  They would be their personal staff on Home.
Everyone was subdued, even Abby. She sat on Mike’s lap as she ate breakfast. They had been slowly telling her what was going on. They like many parents, they had been concerned how they told their younger child they were going to leave the planet. That it was being destroyed. Mike and Lisa had been honest with the child. Up until the night before when her room had been packed up she hadn’t said much about it.  Jill was at the academy making last minute preparations for the kids to be evacuated.
Later when his staff was together in the evacuation command center, the meeting room that served as his office he spoke to his team, “One more day. I know it’ll be tough. I am feeling all of your pain, I love Trena! It was a place that allowed me and Lisa to be together. To have our family,” He squeezed Abby gently she had accompanied her father, and looked to Lisa who had also accompanied him, “To have a second chance at love with a very beautiful woman; but more importantly to be with you all. It has been my most profound honor to let me serve you and your families. I hope what awaits us on Home will be as good.  But we have to get through today. The Queen needs us to keep it together. We have three jobs today, the first is to close this office down, the second to make sure the kids at the academy have gotten safely off world, and then to witness the Queen’s abdication. I am going to go around the group. 
“Larry?” Mike asked.
“We are ready to go.  The abdication paperwork is ready, and the coronation papers for Jill are ready.” Larry Mercer answered.
“Lady Gray?” Wilson asked the sole remaining diplomat. The Thonian Ambassador had left with the Companions; they had been the last Thonians off the planet.
“We are ready to go.” The diplomat said, “All imperial personnel have been evacuated, my staff and I will witness the dissolution of parliament and the Queen’s abdication.”
“IRS?” Wilson asked,
“My hospital has been closed and aboard the Majestic, along with the Valiant. I go supralight in five hours.” the captain who replace Admiral Klond replied. 
“Logistics?” Mike asked turned to David who said, “My team will be shut down in a couple of hours. We generated a lot of records and we want to make sure they get transported with us.”
“Fire?” Wilson asked.
“All firemen have been evaced. I have tried to protect as much fire equipment as I can; but it is anyone’s guess how safe they’ll be.” Janet answered, “I lift with you and the Queen after the abdication.”
“Police,” Mike turned to his old chief,
“All my cops are either evaced or on their way up. We are securing the academy landing site and the parliament site; but as soon as the kids are gone and the Queen is aboard we’ll be gone.” Lord James reported his wife and kids were waiting on the transport for him. He had the sacred duty of attending the last session of parliament. 
“Everyone I will be the next to last person to get on the landing craft. The Queen will be the last one to step onto the landing craft to leave Trena. I don’t want to have to answer to her that I left one of you behind.”
They nodded understanding.
“General Qoum?” Mike asked.
“As soon as the Queen is safely aboard the transport and she gives the word, the mountains computers will switch on air defense system. That will turn the space defense system on hard.  Anything not in low orbit will be fair target. Everyone has been told that if they approach the planetary surface they will be shot. This is in a hope to get some of the bigger stuff. We feel that that the automated defense systems will last maybe twelve hours before they either run out of ammo or become in op due to asteroids. This is the first time ever that an automated defense system has been left to run.  I have planted sensors all over the place to monitor how well we did. We’ll use some the data when we build Home’s defense network.” Qoum said
“Mylea,” Mike asked. 
“We’re as ready as we’ll ever be.” his XO replied, “I’ll have us packed up in a couple of hours. We’re almost there. I just want to make sure we don’t leave any records behind. I have a feeling we’ll have to defend our self in courts galaxy wide. This job isn’t done until we get to Home. I want your final reports within two weeks. 
“Ladies, and gentlemen,” Mylea’s tone softened, “Thank you very much for your hard work. It has been an honor and privilege to serve with you. You have all done well.  You have done a job to be proud of.”
“I concur,” Michael said, “Now if there’s nothing else let’s get this last day completed.”
“There is,” the Queen walked in.
“I want to thank you all for the work you have done on behalf of our people. I don’t think some of them know the sacrifices many of you have made.” She continued, “Thank you for your diligence, and your service. I may not see any of you again, or most of you again as we go our separate ways. I will always remember what you did. Especially, both you, Sir Mike and you Mylea. Mike wouldn’t have been able to pull this off without you.
“However there is one person who isn’t with us today who should be honored.” The Queen said, “After discussing this with General Qoum, and Princess Carroll.  As one of my last acts as monarch, I am presenting the Order of Freedom to Jonesy, the Evacuation Command’s Chief Logistics Officer. As she is not with us today due to the sacrifice she made to make sure we had a future, I am asking that lieutenant Jones, of the Trena Militia to accept the order and medal on behalf of her late mother. Lieutenant Jones, please step forward.
“On behalf of a grateful nation, we honor you and the sacrifice your mother made in stopping the invasion fleet from the People’s Republic of the Stars.” The Queen spoke to the humbot, “Your mother’s sacrifice and the efforts she did to get my people to safety will go down in history as a noble, selfless effort.”
The Queen placed the white ribbon with a space black plate with the Trena star system embedded on it in sliver around the humbot’s neck.
“Furthermore,” The Queen said, “For the first time ever, in any service, of any star nation, I am bestowing the Medal of Honor on Alice Jones, in the service of the crown.” The Queen put the blood red ribbon holding the Trena Medal of honor about the humbot’s neck. “Thank you for an extraordinary job. I know it isn’t much Alice, but your sacrifice was above and beyond what the rest of us suffered.”
“Thank you Majesty,” Alice said, she had not known that this was going to happen. When General Langtree asked her to attend the final staff meeting with him she had thought it was for something else.  She had become his aid once she got to the maintenance group offices.
“Once again thank you all for your dedication and diligence,” the Queen finished.
“Dismissed people,” Michael said, “Your highness let get out of here and to the school.”
Chapter 10: The Academy Is Evacuated
Lady Hawthorne was tired. She had been up for forty eight hours straight making sure things were ready for the school’s evacuation. She was bone weary, and exhausted. But she wasn’t alone, her staff had worked themir selves to exhaustion as they made sure each kid, cadet or not was ready to be evacuated. They had made sure each and every kid was packed as well .as making sure their records had no problems. Lady Hawthorne had spent extra time with the little ones, ensuring they were ready.  Somewhere in the process she had made one more trip back to her estate making sure that her place had been packed by her girls. There had been only so much they could pack. sSo many of the fine furnishing that her mother in law and she had furnished the home with were going to have to be left behind. She had heard from her brother. He was safely on Home as were her mother and father. Her life on Trena was drawing to a close. Only the evacuation of the academy and few loose ends remained.
Now as she waited for the landing craft that would take everyone up to the school ship to land; she wondered if they were really ready for this? She was concerned that they had gotten everything that the kids owned packed. Normally she trusted her staff to make things happen.  She had learned that from her missing husband, find good people and let them perform. But this time she was having trouble doing that; as the stakes were so high. Sergeant Millie had gotten her aside and tried to cool her out when she was obsessing. It worked a bit.
Now as she stood with Jill and Lamile sipping coffee waiting for the first landing craft to land; she worried if there was anything they had forgotten. It would take fifteen lifts to get all the kids, their adult supervisors and their stuff to the special transport that had been built for them. Lady Hawthorne and Jill had been to orbit to check it out and meet the crew. They were all from the IRS, on loan to them by the IRS to get the ship to Home. They had been handpicked by Captain Stevens of the Majestic.  The school ship It would be their home for several weeks maybe months, before their digs on Home were built. They had been impressed. The late Jonesy had done a good job. It was large enough to hold the entire school with room for athletic fields and other facilities to support the academy.
“You look tired Lady Hawthorne,” Jill observed, though she was tired too. She had a full plate on her schedule today also.  She with Lamile had to be at the Parliament to witness the parliament’s abdication. 
“We get this mob transported to the school ship and I’ll be able to collapse in my stateroom and make friends with my long suffering kids.” Lady Hawthorne stated. Although she had moved into the academy and brought her kids with her, and though she made time for them every day, sometimes it was only to tuck them into bed at night. She was planning to turn the running of the academy over to the School Mistress for a while as she took a few days. She had thought of turning it over to Millie for a couple of days; but that plan had been changed at the last minute because of Princess Carroll. As she thought about that, she smiled, Millie would indeed make a good School Mistress. She was just stern enough to get the kids to do what she wanted them to do, but soft enough to let them get away with kid type mischief.
The marine chief gunnery sergeant had explained to her one night over late coffee. “I usually get officers after they have been messed up by their parents, their colleges and the academy.  Now I might get a chance to fix some problems before they get out into the fleet.”
“Lady Hawthorne,” the first marine to ever set foot on the academy came up to her, breaking her out of her reverie, “I’ve put this off as long as I can. If I don’t get to the port and to the Majestic, I’ll be AWOL.”
“Okay Sarge,” she said.
“I will be back to check up on you two.” He nodded to Jill, “Your highness. I don’t know what to say to you. You are ...” The sergeant was at a loss for words.  He had seen this young woman in action and had been impressed with her from the beginning.  He didn’t want to sound mushy; but he wanted the girl to know he was impressed with her.
“Sarge,” Jill spoke to the sergeant as she walked to him and hugged him. “Thank you for everything you have done for my kids. I couldn’t have done this without you and your buddies help. Pass the word sergeant, that I know each and every one of your guy’s names.  If you get in trouble just yell for help, I will get help to you.”
“Thank you.” The sergeant replied nodding to Sergeant Millie Green.
“Company Atten-hut!” Millie Green yelled.
Jill heard a commotion behind her and turned to see every adult, civilian and military person who had helped her kids and who were still on Trena standing at attention. Standing in the formation were Black Guardsmen, Imperial Marines, Imperial Naval Officers, retired Thonian Space Forcemen. Militia, police, and fire fighters from across the kingdom, and civilians who had made it possible for Delores to provide services to her kids. There were thonians, humans and biopeople. Some who were citizens of Trena and some who were from Trojack; all standing at attention waiting for what would come next. 
“Ma’am,” Sergeant Lucas turned first to Delores, then to Jill, “Your majesty. May we ask a favor?”
“You may,” the Queen of Home replied.
“We request the honor and privilege to be known as Company A of the Queen’s Own Royal Cadet Academy’s Permanent Staff.” The sergeant asked.
“Permission granted,” Jill responded.
In unison the men and women of Company A called. “Thank You your majesty!”
Then as tired as she was she walked the formation of a hundred of so officers, enlisted people, and civilians who had donated their off duty time to her kids. Lady Hawthorne followed discreetly behind her young monarch also thanking a couple of people. Millie was standing to one side of the assembled group.  Deloris knew that they were going to do this; but had kept quiet about it.  She wanted Jill to take the honors. Jill had worked her butt off to help these kids. iIt was fitting that she accepted the honors being offered. The adults had seen her work and respected her to a man. Especially Millie who owed the Marines at least three weeks leave for all the time she had spent working at the academy.  But Lady Hawthorne had two surprises for the Master Gunnery Sergeant. 
“So sergeant you think you are going to go home and leave me all alone to handle this mob?” Lady Hawthorne asked the middle aged sergeant when she had gotten to the front of the formation again. “I think you should think again.”
“Ma’am,” the sergeant said bewildered, not knowing what was going on.  Lady Hawthorne smiled.  It was perfect! She wasn’t sure she could keep this from the Sergeant, as her connections were too good. Much too good!
“Attention to orders,” She snapped, as Sergeant Lucas had drilled her and drilled her to do. It would always feel uncomfortable to sound like an officer, but in time she knew it would be second natured. The entire assembly of enlisted men and officers came to attention.
“Master Gunnery Sergeant Millicent Green, is here by detached from the Imperial Marines Corps and assigned at the request of their most royal highnesses, Queen Agatha of Trena, and Queen Jillian of Home, and General Alphine, Commandant of the Imperial Marines, to the Queens Own Royal Corps of Cadets, as Command Sergeant Major of Company A.
“Furthermore, as this is not a hardship or hazardous duty station, you will be allowed to have your dependents on post.” Lady Hawthorne spoke, “Your tour of duty is to be limited to not less than one year, nor more than five years, and at the pleasure of her royal highness, Queen Jillian and the school’s commander Major Hawthorne.”
She handed the parchment to Millie and said, “Sarge you are out of uniform!” and handed her a silver diamond for her collar tab. The insignia of the units top soldier. Millie looked over to where General Alphine was now standing. Standing with her, were two young boys,. They were her  and boys. The Princess gGeneral nodded and released the two boys.. The general released t The two boys ran over to their mother and hugged her fiercely.  It had been almost a year since she had last seen both boys. They both had grown like weeds.  They had been being taken care of by her mother in law. Their father had been missing in action for nearly ten years.  He had never seen Jimmy. 
“Sergeant,” Delores said, “You are dismissed!”
“Lady...Deloris thank you.  I wouldn’t have seen the boys for another six months.” Millie said. She hugged Lady Hawthorne.
“Thank Princess Carroll.  She made this all happen.” Deloris said.
She nodded and walked to where Jill was standing, “Colonel Wilson, I mean Queen Jill, I will do you proud.”
“Sergeant Millie,” Jill said, “I’ll remember what you told me when I became the commander of the corps. I hope I never let you down. I’ll see you on Home after your leave.”
“Jill you will never disappoint me. You may disappoint yourself; but never me.” the older woman replied, “By your leave?”
Jill nodded.
”Thank you General,” Millie said when she went and stood beside the general.
The future empress of the Terran Empire nodded saying, “Serve them well Millie. They are our future.”
“As you command,” She saluted and stood with the boys as Jill and Lady Hawthorne finished thanking the assembled staff of Company A for all they had done.   As they finished the first of the landing craft landed.  Jill turned to Lady Hawthorne and said, “Let’s get back to work.”
Deloris nodded as she saw Marshal Wilson step out of a jeep that had pulled up to where they were standing. He had driven across the capital to be here. She had no idea that he would be here.
He came up to her and asked, “Deloris, what can I do to help?”
Delores was dumbfounded. She hadn’t expected that the Marshal would be on the grounds. She knew he had a lot stuff that needed his attention today.  “Anything you can. We have to get all these kids and their stuff on to the landing craft. If you would go to dorm three and bring those kids down that would help.”
“Aye-aye,” Mike said. He walked toward the dorm and was followed by Mac and Lamile who would soon become the cadet commander of the school. She would finish high school on board the school ship and later when the academy was completed enough for the kids to be on the ground she would be enrolled in the first cadet class of the Senior Academy of the Queens Own Royal Corps of Cadet Academy. 
They found the kids milling around the halls excited about what was to come next.  The senior cadet in the dorm, yelled for them to settle down. In seconds the kids were settleding down. He lined them up in the halls waiting for the word to be given. The Marshal turned to Lamile, “It is your show, what do you need done.”
“They need to go to the mess halldining hall where they will be final processed. Mitch here can get them there.” She pointed to Mitch, “What we need to do is go to the top floor and sweep down. Some of these kids are not convinced we are taking them to safety. Other may try to play games with us.  So we go into every room, and open every closet. The beds have been rolled back and the frames taken apart. When we get done we seal the room. It will take a laser blast to open the door from the outside.”
Mike was glad for the easy work. It wasn’t difficult. They would climb to the top floor of a dorm and sweep through the rooms. Several adults and cadets helped. There was a name plate on each door, when they closed and sealed the door they would pull the name plate. When they left a floor they would hand the name plates to a cadet or NCO or adult on the landing to the floor.  There they were checked against a master list, and when all the rooms had been checked off the list they would close the doors on either end of the hall to the rooms and seal them. They would then as a group go on to the next floor.  
In this fashion they swept through the academy grounds ensuring that all of the buildings had been evacuated. It took a few hours; but every child was accounted for.  Even a preschooler who thought it would be cool to play hide and seek with the adults. When Jill caught up to her she didn’t scold the child, or anything; just picked her up and carried her to the mess halldining hall where she turned the kid over to the cadet who had been told to watch over her. “Cadet Johnson. You almost cost us a life. You were told to make sure all your kids got to the mess halldining hall. Five demerits and you’ll walk an hour’s punishment tour with riffle in the gym.”   She swept a withering look at the cadet NCO who was the girl’s dorm officer and said, “Sarge your squad will do the punishment tours also, as will I!”
A few hours later as the last landing craft loaded with cadets lifted from the pad Jill marched up to Lady Hawthorne came to attention, and said, “Major Hawthorne, the grounds of the academy has been evacuated! With your permission I would like to stand down and turn things over to Major Atomi.”
“You are relieved Colonel Wilson,” Lady Hawthorne turned to the few adults that were left waiting to go up to the ship then back to Jill. “Jill I want to thank you for the effort you have been giving us. We couldn’t have done it without you.”
“Delores,” Jill said, “I will cherish and try to follow the example that you and Sergeant Millie have shown me. I will be around.”
The noble woman nodded and turned to Marshal Wilson, “Sir, I would like to report that all the children you have entrusted me with have been evacuated.”
“Thank you Deloris, You may close this facility,” Wilson accepted the noble woman’s report, “I’ll see you at the parliament in a little while.”
“Ladies, and Gentlemen, I will see you on the ship. We are closed!” Deloris turned to her staff, and dismissed them.  When they were gone Deloris walked quietly to the main gates where Millie was waiting for her. She had never felt as lonely as she did as she walked the drive to the entrance. The grounds were empty of children and cadets, as well the adults that looked after them. It was hard to believe that less than twenty four hours before the grounds had been chocked full of people. She took one last look at the academy. She marveled at the changes that she had witnessed in the last few months. The academy had gone from a near trash pit to a clean and nearly serene campus. She had gone to school here when it was a boarding school. It now looked like the school she had attended.  She turned and finally walked through the gates.  
With Millie’s help she closed and locked the gates for the final time. As they closed the gates the news media quietly recorded the event. It was nearly the last crown facility to be closed and the news media was recording it for posterity. The two women piled into lady Hawthorne’s sedan that was almost too crowded for them. as iIt was filled with Lady Hawthorne’s five kids and Millie’s two boys.  Deloris’ oldest climbed into the lap of Millie’s oldest and Millie drove them to the parliament. Where Lady Hawthorne had one more official act to perform, as did all the remaining nobles of Trena. Though her nobility was tied to her missing husband, she had been asked to take his seat in the parliament.

 Chapter 11: The Last Session of the Trena Parliament
It was the last session of parliament. The immense chamber was nearly empty. Jill now dressed in a simple business suit with Lamile, who was now in her full dress uniform sat together on the floor of the House of Lords. Jill was the invited quest of Lamile.  It would be the first and the last session that Lamile would attend as Lady Atomi. Lamile was there for the one final act that the parliament had to do. 
This act had to be done in the presence of interstellar witnesses. 
It had been researched and there was no precedence for dissolving parliament, and abandoning a planet’s government peacefully. Usually when a government left a planet it was after they had been removed during a rebellion.  No one had given up power willingly in the way that the Parliament of Trena was going to dissolve itself.
As Jill waited for events to begin she looked around the ornate room with its lofty arches, and statuary. The old stone work with stained glass windows piercing the walls made the building feel almost like some of the ancient cathedrals she had toured on Earth instead of a house of the people. As she thought that, she felt it appropriate that the house of the people had near church like appearance as the protection of the citizens of Trena or any people should be a near religious endeavor.
The gallery was nearly empty. The family members of the members of parliament were aboard the liner that would take them to Home. The gallery was populated by only a few of the remaining news media people. The members of parliament were in a somber mood. No one was in the raucous mood that the assembly could be. No one was in their robes, or in their usual finery.  The Queen waited outside the hall with Jill’s father. They would wait there until the speaker lead the members of parliament to where they stood.
“Is there any business before Parliament,” The speaker of the House of Lords spoke breaking into Jill’s quiet observation of the chamber.
“Your lord ship,” Larry Mercer the oldest serving noble of the House of Lords, who rarely took his seat, drew himself up to his five foot eight height, “I have business before our august body.”
“Lord Mercer is recognized.” The speaker called.
“With our people now fully evacuated, save those of us in this chamber, our purpose to support, defend and govern the people of Trena no longer exists. Therefore I move that the government be dissolved along with parliament. With parliament dissolved that we leave the world of Trena.”
“Is there a second?” the speaker asked.
“I second the motion,” Lamile spoke. It had been determined that Lamile as the newest and youngest noble woman of the Kingdom of Trena be the one to second the motion.
“Is there any debate?” The speaker asked.
He waited a few minutes and said, “Hearing none, I call the question. All in favor of dissolving the government of the Kingdom of Trena say aye!”
The one hundred remaining souls who made up the last session of parliament voted to dissolve the government. There was not even the solitary traditional, no vote to be heard in the chamber.
“In accordance with your vote I now declare that the government is dissolved and parliament disbanded.” He banged the gavel one time and stepped down from the Speakers desk and inserted the printed copy of the motion into the old fashioned notebook book that was the ceremonial record of the parliament. He signed his name and closed the book and walked to the great ceremonial doors of the chambers.  He stood at the doors and watched as the members filed past him. He shook each and every one of their hands. Lamile, being the youngest, most junior noble present was the last to leave. Together with her help, the speaker and Lord Mercer  closed the great ornate ceremonial doors of parliament. Awhere a little over four centuries after they had been opened for the first time, the doors were sealed for the last time. Once the doors were sealed they assembled near a curtained alcove.  There the Speaker revealed a marble obelisk. Carved were  with a metal plaque imbedded in its surface. The plaque made out of non-corrosive metal held the names of the last sitting members of the parliament and their home regions.  Below the names read the inscription,
“On this day, four hundred and eighteen years after the founding of the Kingdom of Trena, The Parliament dissolved and abdicated its responsibilities for the governance of the Kingdom of Trena.  This was a peaceful act, there was no rebellion, no discourse with our citizens or with our monarch, Queen Agatha the First. A cosmic disaster befell our kingdom, one that destroyed our world. We wish that the discoverer of this obelisk; peace! If you wish to know of our people we are here.”
Engraved on the obelisk wasThe plaque held  a star chart showing the location of Home in relation to Trena and the distance to their world of refuge. 
“We will not be forgotten as long as one of our descendants areis alive to carry on our traditions!”
The assembled members of parliament passed the obelisk, each touching the massive stone, leaving their DNA to be discovered maybe in centuries to come. 
They left the main part of Parliament and found the Qqueen and her party waiting for them. The Speaker handed the book to ther Queen, an identical to one that was buried in the obelisk. He went to one knee and said softly, “My Queen, It is my sad and sacred duty to humbly inform you that we, the government of the Kingdom of Trena, have abdicated and return the ruling of this planet to you.”
“Arise,” Agatha said softly. “The crown thanks you for your service, and that of all of the members of parliament. There is a landing craft waiting to take you to your families. Thank you.”
“Your majesty,” the Sspeaker spoke softly, “The people of Trena owe you a great debt of gratitude. For without your efforts and that of your marshal many of us would not now be safe. By your leave, my Queen?”
“Granted,” the young queen nodded standing by herself as the remaining members of parliament filed past her saying their farewells.  Until now she had no idea how many of these people felt about her.  Some she knew would have fought against anything she did.  Others wouldn’t, and still others would do what their party told them to do. But all of them were near tears as they bid her farewell and left the parliament building. As per her station, the last Lady to be so named, Lamile was the last one to present herself before Queen Agatha. With tears flowing down the young woman’s cheeks as she bowed before her monarch and then hugged her fiercely.  The qQueen turned to Jill who was with Lamile and handed Jill the book that had just been given her. 
“Queen Jill.” The qQueen said turning to Jill, “This is the book of the last session of parliament. I give it to you as a sacred trust so that the universe knows that the parliament abdicated gracefully their responsibilities.”
“It is a great honor to receive this book from your hands.” Jill said solemnly holding back some tears herself, “When the Home parliament assembles for the first time I will ask that this book be forever displayed in the lobby of parliament to show that the people of Home have their roots as Trenan citizens. That Trena is the foundation for the future of our home!”
“It is all I can ask,” The Agatha queen said trying not to cry as the few remaining news people and the Galactic Counsel recorded the event. She was determined not to breakdown and cry until all her duties were over. The palace surgeon had given her a pill to help her get through the day; but she didn’t think it was working.
Chapter 12: Abdication
Lisa had seen the last of her family’s belongings packed and transported to the school ship. There was only one other thing she had to pack. If pack, was the right word? She was in Queen’s Garden. The ancient American Beauty Rose bush that had been under cultivation since the first queen planted it over four hundred years before was the final item to be packed. She was having Georgia and Maggie carefully dig the rose up and place it in a bucket of soil so they could transport it to Home, where Lisa was hoping to baby it and keep it under cultivation. She wanted to bridge the soon to be destroyed Serenity and the soon to be created  royal compound on Home. She took pictures of her two friends as they carefully dug the rose bush up and transplanted the centuries’ old rose in the large bucket. With it safely in the bucket the women walked out of the garden Abby holding her mother’s hand. They put the bucket on one of the electric carts where Maggie drove it to General Langtree’s landing craft that had been moved from Fletcher to Serenity.
As they walked to the main building where they would witness the Queen’s abdication, Lisa looked to her daughter realizing she would be the one to fulfill her husband’s charter. Abby had no idea she would make history when she boarded the landing craft to leave Trena. She would literally be the last mother’s child to leave Trena. When they got to the queen’s residence they found that everyone; but the qQueen had joined the group standing before the landing craft.
Shortly after they arrived, the limo carrying the qQueen pulled up in front of the landing craft. As the limo slowed to a stopped Mylea called, “Honors front!”
The assembled officers and enlisted men snapped a salute to the royal party as they stepped out of the vehicle. When they were at the foot of the landing craft’s ramp Lisa, and Abby walked up the ramp to the cargo bay of the landing craft, symbolizing that every last mother’s child had been evacuated from Trena.
When her friends were safely aboard the landing craft Mylea turned and marched to where Marshal Wilson stood with Queen Agatha. She came to attention and requested, “Marshal Wilson, I request permission to report.”
“The Executive Officer’s request is granted.” Wilson said more formally than he would have otherwise. The eyes of the universe were on them. 
“Sir the citizens of the Kingdom of Trena have been evacuated or accounted for.” Mylea said knowing that press of the galaxy was watching them. They were recording the formal abdication of Agatha, and their departure.
“Thank you XO.” Wilson said “You may case the colors!”
“Aye sir,” Mylea said, she turned to the command staff, “Attention to the colors” 
All eyes turned to the flag post that held the flag of Trena. A starburst on a field of navy, the motto of the free world emblazoned on it “He who dares to succeed will never fail!”
“Lieutenant Jones!” Mylea called, “Case the Colors!”
With that Alice, Sergeant Anderson, Sergeant Hoi, Lamile, Mac, and Georgia all now dressed in their dress uniforms marched to the flag post in front of the Queen’s residence. At the flag post, Alice lowered the flag to the national anthem of Trena. When the flag was lowered, the honor guard folded the flag. Alice then presented it to Mylea who saluted and received the flag and in turn handed the flag to Wilson.  He received the flag and commanded, “The command staff is dismissed.”
“Company,” Mylea turned on her heel and called “Dismissed!”
With that the assembled officers and staff of the evacuation command team boarded the landing craft. As they passed the Marshal and the royal party they shock each of their hands. When the last one boarded, Mike turned towards Agatha and said, “Your majesty with the presentation of your colors, I declare to you and the people of Trena that every last mother’s child has been accounted for and those who wanted to; have been evacuated from Trena.”
“You may stand down Marshal.” Agatha said she reached forward hugging him and whispered in his ear hoping that no one would hear her, but of course they did, “Thank you for the wonderful job you have done Michael.”
“Agatha,” Mike said hugging the young woman just as fiercely, “It has been an honor to serve you and our people.”
“It has indeed,” the young queen replied she released Michael and then walking with Jill to the assembled news people. She noticed that the Trena Primary was almost touching the horizon. She thought how fitting that the sun was setting on not only her world; but also on her monarchy.
“Ladies and gentlemen of the galaxy, Friends, and Enemies in about sixteen hours the beautiful planet of Trena will be destroyed. When I leave here in a few minutes my reign as ruler and monarch of this world, the world of my birth, the world that has kept me warm and safe for many years will be over. I am abdicating.  There will be no Trena to rule. I have discharged my sacred and solemn duty to protect and serve the people of Trena.  As such I can stand down and join them on Home.
“I hereby abdicate my position and responsibilities.” The young queen stood quietly trying not to cry openly, but having a difficult time of it. Lisa who was watching from the top of the landing craft’s boarding ramp wanted to go to the young woman, who had over the months she had become quite close to; but it would only make things worse for the young woman.
Lady Gray and the Galactic Council Representative now approached the Queen. The Council of Worlds had elected them to take the Queen’s abdication and retire her charter.  The Queen signed a simple piece of paper giving up all claim and title to TrenaTrena. In effect letting it become salvage for the taking. It was countersigned by the representative to the Galactic Council. It was also witnessed by the young boy who had succeeded his father as Duke Horton. He would be the ruler of the Trena Off World Habitats, his father having been killed in the Republican attack.
“Agatha McAlister,” Lady Gray, the Ambassador from Earth, “With the imminent destruction of Trena it is with great sorrow that the Galactic Council accepts your abdication.”
“Cousin Aggie,” the young noble man spoke to the young queen, “I am sorry that you have given up your crown and that our kingdom is soon to be no more. I will try to rule the habitats as wisely as you have demonstrated. May the future bring peace to you and to the remains of the Trena System!”
“Thank you,” Aggie said, she turned from the ambassadors and began to walk to the landing craft. Numbly Queen Agatha walked to the landing craft. She walked up the ramp never looking back. As the ramp closed she nearly slumped. Lisa and Jill quickly helped the now abdicated queen to a seat. As Lisa sat down she grimaced a bit and said, “My water just broke.” 
“What?” Michael asked, Lisa nodded and Michael looked to Langtree and said, “David get this bus out of here now!”
“On the way sir,” David said and went to talk with the pilot. 
Sixteen hours later as the first rocks began falling on Trena; Lisa gave birth to her children. Mike Jr., and Joyce, the twins born to Lady Wilson would be officially the last children born on Trena. They would be the very last mother’s children to leave the planet of Trena.

Chapter 13: Bombardment
The first of Trena’s infrastructure to be impacted were the facilities in Trena orbit just as dawn was beginning to break over the main continent. The sky show was awesome. It was a meteorite show to beat meteorite shows. The pre-dawn sky over the main continent was streaked by the smaller asteroids. Then the early morning sky was punctuated with the explosions from the impact of the asteroids colliding with satellites, apace stations and other parts of the orbital infrastructure. The sensors that the evacuation command had place both in orbit and on the ground to record the event caught the drama. One big rock took out High Port Station that Alice Jones had been stationed on a month or so before. The militia had determined that this station would be the first one. They had also determined that it was fully expendable. They wasted none of their precious defense resources to protect the now abandoned military space station. Not even the AIs were aboard any longer. Only the expert systems were still operational. With newly formed orbital industries consortium being responsible for their own defense, the Mountain’s computers had been programmed to ignore much of the orbital infrastructure. Although the orbital infrastructure would last 48 hours, most if not all of the space stations, satellites, space docks, and other facilities in orbit about the planet were destroyed. Including the immense space dock the Industries had made their headquarters in.
The crown and the evacuation command had tried to convince the owners of the Orbital Industries that they were in great danger. That there was almost nothing they could do to stop the asteroids from damage if not destroying many of their facilities. They had made a decision to abandon many of the warehouses, and factories. They had decided to put all of their resources to defending a few of the high value facilities such as the immense space dock. What Orbital Industries were hoping was that that their orbital defense system would get the bigger chunks. They had programmed their defense system to only target the rocks that were not going hit the ship yards and then only those that would cause serious damage.  The system had been working for a couple of days taking those rocks out from long distance that they knew would impact their stations. They had also placed smart mines out a few hundred miles from the big ship yard. They were hoping that mines would take out some of the bigger rocks and keep the station safe for the two days it would take Trena to move away from the asteroids. The mines would self-destruct a few days after the asteroid danger was over so they wouldn’t become a hazard to navigation. As the rocks approached the mine field the mines start taking out the biggest rocks. They took out thousands of rocks, creating smaller rocks of all sizes; creating a bigger problem for the point defenses on the ship yard. There were now so many asteroids approaching Trena that the defense system which was swamped to begin with was overwhelmed much sooner than planned. It tried valiantly as it came on and began taking out the largest pieces, but now there were now so many larger pieces that one or two were bound to get through. And through they did. 
Although the yard was highly automated, it still had a large population on board.  They had moved a good many of their people onto ships and had taken them out of harm’s way. But there were over a thousand people on the yard. Partly because they wanted to show how tough they were and prove they could survive the impacts. The owners though were aboard because they had too much invested, not just financially; but psychologically to leave. They had to prove to their compatriots that their plan was going to work. If they didn’t stay on the yard it would be like they didn’t have any faith in the plan they put together. They were in a hardened shelter in the center of the ship yard watching the defense of the ship yard do their thing.  They watched in horror as the system ran dry and one big rock wasn’t even touched. The rock hit with such force that it detonated the fusion plant on the ship yard causing the entire yard to be destroyed.
After the orbital facilities on the daylight side of the planet were destroyed it was the main continent’s turn. The space junk screamed as it reached terminal velocity falling towards Trena. The first rocks fell on the capital city of Trenaport. The heat generated by their passage lit up the sky over the city. The Convention Center was ground zero for one of the rocks. As it approached the center the light generated by the heat of its passage was captured by the crystalline structure of the center, splashing multicolored light throughout the predawn skies of Trenaport. The first rock to hit wasn’t that big, only about thousand pounds. It didn’t need to be a big rock. When it hit the Convention Center all of its energy dissipated in flash of light as intense as any nuclear weapon ever set off. The wave front washed out from the impact blowing everything before it down. As it did it was joined by the others of the swarm that was falling on Trena. One large hunk of sky junk of several hundred tons hit and that destroyed Trenaport. The resulting crater was over twenty miles in diameter. It was like Trenaport had never existed. The supplies that they had so carefully hardened around the city were destroyed in the blink of an eye.
As Trena turned on her axis, the asteroids rained havoc on the planet. One large asteroid fell into the ocean causing an underwater earth quake. The tsunami roared towards what had been Trenaport. It arrived and filled the still smoking crater with water taking much of the punch out of the wave. A small island that had been a recreational area was destroyed next.  The asteroids spent all of six hours falling on the ocean before it was the Outback’s turn. It was a large continent that had been mostly uninhabited prior to the evacuation. 
In the first few hours The Sanctuary had not been harmed. The rocks; as if they knew there were people living in the mountains fell around it missing it completely. But finally the continent could stand it no more, and suffered an immense earthquake. Plates began moving and that movement caused The Sanctuary to be crushed as the mountain above it became structurally unstable by the plate the asteroid fell on. The Sanctuary was destroyed killing everyone who had sought refuge in its hardened bunker a mile below ground.
The rocks continued to fall. Nothing in orbit was safe. It took only a couple of days for Trena to move along in its orbit. The orbit was being changed from the beating that Trena was taking. The orbit was being pushed more toward the primary. If the dust cloud that was now planet wide had formed from the constant impacts, and the debris they forced into the atmosphere, made life impossible, where Trena would end up would cause the planet’s surface to be too warm to support life. The few survivors of the orbital industries quickly deserted the remnants of their facilities and sought to sue the crown for letting them stay one the space stations and habitats. Duke Horton’s regents saw the law suit, and ripped it up in front of the orbital industries attorney. 
McKay, Trena’s moon, was nowhere in the path of the asteroids. Though affected by Trena’s orbital change it would take years for the orbit to become stable. It would take up an orbit all of its own about the primary. McKay would become the territory’s capital. It would still be a transshipment point for all the cargo between planets in their portion of space, but the volume was drastically affected by the loss of the orbital industries and the loss of the Republic of the Stars and the Theocracy ports. Though not much in the past, the little bit of freight from those smaller star nations were significant. As the years went by the remains of the Trenan star nation became trading partners with Home and enjoyed the protectorate status that Home provided them.
Epilogue
The crowd had been growing for hours. The small space port outside of Ellis was crawling with people. Not just the new colonists of Home, but the interstellar news media. They were there to witness a rare event; the coronation of the very first monarch of a world. It wasn’t just the news media; but dignitaries from around this portion of the galaxy. Diplomats, presidents, kings and queens from worlds near and far were present. The list included Maxwell, the Earth Emperor, and Qau’lin, the Ruler of the Thonian Realm. The two of them wanted to show their continued support for the people who had evacuated from Trena to Home. They sat with many other dignitaries awaiting the arrival of the abdicated queen of Trena and the soon to be inaugurated queen of Home. 
Finally the landing craft came in low over the space port made one pass and landed. As soon as the engines were shut down and the line chief made sure the safeties were in place, the ramp of the LC 4 opened. As its ramp grounded, a band made up of the former members of Trena’s symphonies began playing ruffles and flourishes. While they played, a solitary young woman descended the boarding ramp. Queen Agatha.  When the crowd saw her they burst out in applause. The sound was almost a physical wave, assaulting her. As she approached athe podium that had been set up, the crowd got almost deathly quiet. 
“Good day,” she began speaking, “Many months ago I swore to you that I would get every last mother’s child to safety. With the arrival of Abigail Wilson, the last mother‘s child to leave Trena and now the last child to be safely landed on Home I have completed the task that I set upon all those months ago.” As she said Abigail Wilson, the daughter of her marshal, the last child to be officially evacuated from Trena came down the boarding ramp. She carried a now beaten up and disheveled stuffed teddy bear. She approached the former queen.
“Thank you Aunt Aggie,” She said to the young woman who she had first met months ago in her mother’s kitchen. 
“You are very welcomed,” The young woman took the child’s hand in her own and walked with her to the foot of the ramp to await the arrival of Jill.
With the former queen and the soon to be princess of Home now in position the Galactic Representative, in the person of Amanda Gray, the former ambassador to Trena from Earth, now the Galactic Council Representative to Home began speaking. 
“This world is called Home,” Ambassador Gray spoke, “The very word home is charged with emotion. Such emotions of refuge, of shelter, of security and of peace come to mind when the word home is spoken.  And while a home came be source of great turmoil, it can be place of tranquility, of joy! The people of Home have come together in an effort to end their turmoil and formed a government. The people of Home through their newly installed government confirmed the owner of this world as their first monarch.  
“It is with great pleasure then, that I introduce to the people of Home their initial monarch.” Lady Gray spoke clearly.
With that, Jill dressed in a white business suite came down the ramp of the landing craft to step on a world, that she had up to a few months before, had no idea that she owned. She came down on her own, with no escort. At the foot of the ramp Aggie and her sister fell in beside her and escorted her to where the ambassador stood at the podium. As she was escorted to the ambassador her father dressed in his splendid Trena Mounted Patrol uniform escorted two home patrolmen and two home guardsmen who were carrying the Rock. The symbol of the fealty the monarchs of Trena had sworn to the people of Trena upon; that Jill would swear her own fealty to the people of Home upon. They placed it before the podium. 
“I present to you Jillian Wilson,” Amanda Gray continued when the party had reached the podium.  Amanda waited a moment for the applause to settle.  “With me are Agatha McAllister and Marshal Wilson who will be the Queen’s regents.”
Another round of applause erupted from the assembly. Jill looked out and saw a sea of faces including the entire the corps of cadets, who were the most vocal. The sound was almost overwhelming. 
When the applause subsided, Amanda continued, “Lady McAllister will witness the oath of office Jillian Wilson will take.” Agatha nodded, “Miss Wilson, are you ready to take the oath?”
“I am,” Jill said. Although she said she was ready she wasn’t sure she was. The oath, which was mostly symbolic, was a method to unite the people of Home. 
“Jill Wilson do you agree to become the first monarch of the Kingdom Home,” Lady Gray asked.
“I do,” Jill replied.
“Then repeat after me.” Lady Gray said as the girl put her hand on the Rock, “I, Jillian Wilson do hereby swear this oath of fealty to the people of Home,. mMaking this solemn oath with no reservations, and of my own free will!”
“I swear to protect the people of Home against all enemies foreign and domestic. To abide by the charter as presented to the Galactic Council that further protects all persons on or about the environs of Home.”
“Then finally I swear to faithfully serve the people of Home, to provide for their defense, and their welfare, assisting the people of Home in the pursuit of a future that will bring prosperity for all of my people!”
The oath concluded.
Then surprising Jill and all who were there, two cadets brought forward a crown. Mitch escorted Lamile, who Jill realized was carrying Aggie’s crown. It was the crown that the young queen had last worn on her own coronation some ten years before. She looked to Aggie who nodded. Not knowing what to do, Jill knelt before her friend as the two cadets brought the crown forward and presented it to Aggie. Aggie took the crown off the scarlet satin pillow and placed it on Jill’s head.
“Arise,” Aggie said, then turning to the assembled citizens of Trena she continued, “It is with great pleasure that I present to the people of Home and the Universe at large, Queen Jillian I, the inaugural monarch of Home. Long may she reign in peace and tranquility!”
With that the assembled citizens of Home thundered “Long live Queen Jill!”
When it subsided, Lady Gray said, “Her majesty has a few words she wishes to say.”
As the crowd settled a bit, Jill steeled herself for the words she would speak. Finally, as a near hush came over the crowd she began to speak, “Thank you for the great honor you have bestowed on me.  I will honor you by being the best that I can be. 
“I have given great thought to what I would say today,” Jill continued, “But in the end it came down to a simple thing. I have seen how our people are living on Home, how some are living in the containers that brought their goods from Trena. How some are now living in the homes built for them from the precious resources of Trena, and some not even that. My father swore an oath that he would get every last mother’s child to safety, he has done that. I will not dishonor his or Queen Agatha’s effort to get us to safety. Because of this, until every last mother’s child has a safe and secure place to sleep; my family and I will not live in the residence that my grandmother is building for us.  I cannot live in a dry, secure place while so many of our people have no proper home to sleep in. 
“I will be working tirelessly to help get every last mother’s child under roof!” Jill spoke with passion. “I will be meeting with my regents, and those of you who can help to get this done in the next few days. We will get you under roof.”
The assembled citizens of Home were quiet as their young monarch spoke. Everyone had seen the palace that the girl’s grandmother was building. It had caused some dissention among the people who had no building to live in. Yet most had understood that, as the owner of the planet she could have a home built for her and occupy it before anyone else had a place for themselves.   
“As you have requested that Queen Agatha be one of my regents, I am nominating her to be the first of Home’s Nobility.  It is fitting that the last monarch of Trena be the first noble woman of Home. I present to you Lady Agatha McAllister, my regent.”
Shocked the former queen nodded a tear slowly creeping down her face.
“We have a lot of work to do,” Jill said, “and the sooner we get to it the sooner we’ll be able to finish getting everyone under roof.  Thank you for the great honor you have bestowed on me. Together we will work to make Home great!”
With that she concluded her remarks and walked to a reviewing stand and watched the parade that had been set in her honor. 
After Thoughts
Well that is my first novel. I hope you enjoyed Every Last Mother’s Child as much as I did writing it.
Since this was published I have published another novel: To Forge a Queen. The story of Jill Wilson. Her journey from marine brat to queen during the evacuation of Trena.
These are but two stories of the Trena evacuation.
I am working on other stories of the evacuation. Over time I will publish them.
Please let me know what you think of the story by emailing me wcarty14@yahoo.com. I look forward to your comments.
Bill
