
1 A.C.
EVER ONWARD
by
W. Wm. Mee

Book ONE of
The ‘AFTER the CLEANSING’ series

Copyright 2012 W.Wm.Mee
Smashwords Edition

Please note:
This is not a children's book.
Mature language and actions are depicted.

Revised in 2022
For the 10th Year Anniversary

‘The Road goes ever on and on,
Down from the door where it began.
Until it joins some larger way,
And whither then? I cannot say.’

JRR Tolkien / Bilbo Baggins

Well met, Gentle Reader.

It’s February of 2022 and I’m the author of this work. The book was first published ten years ago in 2012 --- long before this world Pandemic we have been in now for the last two years and are sadly beginning our third with no clear ending in sight.

Science, vaccines and the courage and endurance of the human heart have helped us tremendously weather this pestilence --- yet ignorance, fear and politics still hold us back from winning our way clear.
I can only hope and pray that we fair better then the brave characters in my novel.

‘Ever Onward’ was one of my first books ever completed. I came up with the concept many years ago and over the decades it has gone through a number of ‘face lifts’.
This is the latest and hopefully the last.
But then, we never know what’s around the bend, do we?

From the start I wanted to show both sides of humanity --- the dark and the light; the good and the bad --- and of course, the ugly. Though you’ll find no zombies here; no mutants, litches nor shuffling corpses --- you will however find monsters --- the kind that some people house deep in their heart, and even deeper in their soul.

In previous incarnations I found the story to be ‘overly dark’. This time I tried to let a little more goodness, hope and sunshine in --- as I think we all could use more of that in our present situation --- yet the deep rooted evil that some of us give shelter to still remains.

Kindly let me know what you think.
Be well, stay safe, get vaccinated and be kind to each other.

W.Wm.Mee
Outside of Montreal, Canada
Feel free to e-mail me at
waynewmee@videotron.ca

‘Rest ye gentle, sleep ye sound’
***

A Short Synopsis of the book

An unstable soldier is served his divorce papers. He seeks revenge on his wife by shooting her; not, as might be expected, in their home or in the bed of her lover, but at her place of work --- a top secret chemical warfare lab.

As the bullets fly they shatter not only flesh and bone, but the highly toxic vials of a secret nerve gas --- a gas cunningly designed to kill only humans, chimpanzees and the greater apes. So deadly is this 'man-made plague', that, once released into the atmosphere and carried by the winds, ninety percent of the world's population is dead within a week.

'Ever Onward' is the story of the ten percent that somehow survive. As the lights go out around the planet, the rules of civilization soon become a thing of the past, and those few that remain must fight to stay alive --- any way they can.
***
Please note again:
This is not a children's book.
Mature language and actions are depicted.

Chapter 1



Nellis Air Force Base, 
Nevada June 21  Next Year

Sergeant David Henderson felt like shit. Gulping a ragged breath, he leaned against the wall of the underground complex and squinted up at the bright lights, his AR-15 Battle Rifle clutched tightly to his chest. He’d had one bitch of a night and the day didn’t look to be any better. To add insult to injury, the booze was wearing off and the damn pills he’d taken hadn’t kicked in yet!
The rifle trembled in his hands. Caressing it lovingly, he thought of his soon to be his EX wife, thought how he’d love to shove the barrel down her big mouth and empty the clip. THAT would shut her the fuck up once and for all! Always nagging him about his drinking, his gambling and his ‘other women’. 
That last part struck him as funny. Booze and cards there’d been aplenty; but no other women. As far as Sergeant David Henderson was concerned, one nagging female was one too many!
Not that he was any limp-wristed faggot! Christ no! His red-necked father had hated faggots and had gleefully passed on the feeling to his budding red-necked son. Lawyers too! Hell yes! Henderson’s sweating face smiled coldly as he dwelt on those bygone days of yore. Oh my, how his Old Man had dearly hated lawyers. Chased them off the farm with a shotgun when they’d come with the eviction notice!
‘Like the sonovabitch that tried to serve me my divorce papers!’ Henderson muttered to himself. A cruel sneer crossed his haggard face. He’d beaten the shit out of the little bastard and lost his field commission because of it. The brass had shuffled him off to a desk job, where he now sat shuffling goddamned e-mails back and forth for a bunch of over-the-hill, lawyer-loving, ass-kissers! What kind of job was that for a fighting man?!
Then he’d met Willard Larsh in a seedy watering hole on the outskirts of Bakersfield. 
Willard was one of those egg-head civilian types working on some top-secret project at the base. Henderson thought at first that he was just another computer-geek faggot on the make, but Willard had surprised him. Half way through a bottle of scotch, Henderson found out that Wee Willie Larsh was scared. Not just scared of losing his job/wife/kids/manhood scared, but REALLY scared! The kind of scared that leaves a fella wide awake in the middle of the night with his heart pounding, his throat dry and his shorts moist in the rear.
Some strange shit was going down back on the base. Some REALLY strange shit! When pressed, Willy-boy would only say that ‘it’ was all wrong, and that some bitch named Estelle wouldn’t listen to him. 
Henderson could sure as hell relate to that.
They’d met several times since, mostly at the same seedy strip-bar. Since Henderson’s wife had already moved out and Wee Willie always paid for the booze, the good sergeant was more than content to humor the little four-eyed runt. Yet as the hours slid by, listening to Willie ‘wine on’ while watching Suzy Rottencrotch bump n’ grind her way around the tiny stage, Sergeant David Henderson slowly began to get the ‘Big Picture’.
The brass, so sayeth Wee-Willy, were secretly working on a new type of nerve gas. Not just your average ‘wipe out the whole damn village’ kind, but one ball-busting, world-shattering GIANT kind! An honest ta Gawd ‘weapon of mother-fucking mass destruction!’
‘Agent C.D.’ was its code name. The letters stood for Crystallized Deterrent. When Henderson had asked what the fuck that meant, Wee Willie had grinned slyly and said: ‘Completely Demented.’ He’d gone on to explain how this new gas would make old soldiers like Henderson about as useful as tits on a nun. Grunts like the sarge would be looked on as dinosaurs. The ‘soldier of the future’, according to a three sheets to the wind Willy, would be ‘some skinny assed kid in a spacesuit, high on drugs, a face full of zits and a squirt gun filled with C.D.’
Henderson had not been a happy camper!
First the faggot lawyers had taken his wife, his money, his pride: and now they were after his goddamned job! Well, he sure as hell knew how to put a stop to THAT right quick! When Wee Willie asked what he had meant, it had been Henderson’s turn to clam up.
That had been almost a week ago. Since then the old sarge had been a very busy boy. But now at last he was ready. Hell yes! Was he ever!
Feeling like his daddy must have as he’d waited on the farm, shotgun in hand, for the lawyers to serve the eviction papers, Sergeant David Henderson thumbed off the safety on his AR-15 and stepped out into the hall. Corporal Phil Lavin was on guard duty at the far end. Henderson knew Lavin from way back. They weren’t real close, but they’d downed more than a few Ginger Ales together. Only a week ago they had played in the same poker game. As usual, Henderson had gotten plastered and started a fight just for the hell of it, thus living up to his nickname: ‘Deadly Dave’.
‘Hey, sarge! How they hangin’?”
Deadly Dave’s response was to shoot Lavin twice in the face.
The corporal’s body slammed back into the heavy door, then slid down into a lifeless heap. A thick smear of blood and brains marred the door’s stainless steel surface.


Looking like the madman he was fast becoming, Henderson stepped over both the sanity line as well as the body and punched in the secret code. It had been changed that morning, but he knew that. He wasn’t supposed to. ‘Eyes Only’ shit. But they’d taken his gun and turned him into a paper shuffler, a desk-jockey riding a computer console; a main-frame faggot who could surf the bloody net with the worst of them! Yet with knowledge came power, and the more knowledge the more power! So now he knew all about the famous- ‘Steel Door’ and what really went on behind it--- and that knowledge had finally driven him over the edge.
“Bastards!”, he muttered, saliva flecking the corners of his twisted smile. “Limp-dicked, job-stealing bastards!”
The door swished open like the ones on Star Trek. Beam me up, Snotty. Henderson was through in an instant, the AR-15 now switched to full-auto. The armor piercing rounds tore through the guard just inside the door. At such close range the man’s stomach vaporized. Henderson was past the body before it hit the floor, the AR-15 still coughing out death.
Estelle Dority, one of several non-military technicians working on Agent C.D., turned and screamed. The bullets ripped into her left side and spun her like a top. One more entered through her open mouth, exiting stage right and taking half her head with it. A mental picture of his wife flashed before him and Henderson began to smile. 
Walking forward, Deadly Dave shot three more people. ‘Time is precious’ his mother had often told him, and Mrs. Henderson’s obedient offspring knew her to be right. He had a lot to do. ‘Miles to go before I sleep’. With that he commenced spraying poetic justice at the white lab coats scrambling madly for cover. When his thirty-round magazine finally emptied, over a dozen people lay dead or wounded.
But Sergeant Henderson’s one man crusade was far from over. He had eliminated the creators, but their job stealing creation itself still remained.
The smell of blood and cordite filled the room. Trembling as adrenaline pumped its way into his veins, Henderson tossed the spent clip aside and inserted a fresh one. His gaze tuned now to the room itself. Test tubes, beakers and jars littered the lab tables. Electronic machinery, each costing more than what a dedicated soldier like himself made in a year, lined the walls. From one corner a computer glared at him like an accusing eye. Henderson held the stare for as long as he could, then fired. Spent casings tapped out a staccato beat as they clattered on the tile floor. The thunder of the AR-15 punched out the base, while his own screams filled in the high notes. ‘Rock n’ roll!’ the old Nam vets used to yell, joyfully wasting friend and foe alike. Henderson could do no less. Shattered glass fell like broken dreams as Deadly Dave boogied on down.
The noise was deafening.
He didn’t hear the door swish open behind him; the M.P.’s shouted command; the harsher, crisper sound as the M.P. fired his sidearm. So intent on blasting beakers was ol’ Dave that he never even felt the .45 slug that swung him around, his arms wide like Christ on His cross.
Startled, the two men stood facing each other. The silence hung in the air like a pop fly at its apex. Then gravity intervened and his smoking barrel began its fall back to earth. Half way through its arc, the M.P. fired again --- three times in rapid succession. Bang! Bang! Bang!
One after another, small holes stitched their way up Henderson’s chest, the last one hitting his nametag. Dead on his feet, Henderson’s finger tightened on the trigger. The dozen remaining rounds emptied into the far wall. One of them struck a small vile encased in clear plastic, exploding it like a grenade. The contents of the vile, left there by the late, great Estelle Dority, escaped unseen into the room.
Sergeant Henderson had just killed ten people in order to stop the experiment that Estelle and her esteemed colleagues had labored so long to create. Agent C.D. The ultimate weapon; a type of nerve gas that killed only apes, monkeys and humans, leaving all other forms of life unaffected. Entering through the pores of the skin, it attacked both the red and white blood cells, crystallizing all the liquid in the body and causing almost instant death.
Estelle’s team however, had been working on a little added bonus --- a way to make C.D. dispose of the bodies as well! Her team had found a way to continue the process so that not just the blood crystallized, but the entire body, including hair, bones and teeth. Only a gray, fragile parchment-like substance would remain, akin to an old wasps nest, easily blown away by the wind.
Just how this all actually worked, the recently late but far from great Sergeant Henderson could have cared less. When he’d finally broken the code on the ‘eyes only’ document Agent CD and read the bitter truth about what Eager-Beaver Estelle and her geek buddies had done, he decided to act. ‘The faggots are taking over!’, a long dead yet familiar voice had warned him. ‘Someone should do something about those queer bastards right quick before they get the goddamn farm!’
In his own twisted way Henderson had set out to do just that, to destroy the creation of the wife/job stealing bastards before it was too late. In so doing he had killed the creators but set their creation itself free. The recently deceased Estelle Dority, B.A., M.A., Doctor of Nuclear Chemistry and an acute sufferer of P.M.S., had neglected to mention one small detail in her last report, (the same report that Sergeant Henderson had inadvertently read and that had set him off on his own personal stairway to heaven). The neglected detail was that there might just be one tiny drawback to the ‘new and improved’ version of CD. Estelle suspected that this new gas she and her team were working on might not dissipate quite as quickly as the older, non-body disposing kind did. 
It might, in fact, NOT dissipate at all!
Months earlier, junior adviser Willard ‘Wee Willie’ Larsh, after checking and double checking simulated tests on his computer, had reluctantly informed Ms. Dority of his findings. Young Willard claimed that once exposed to the air, said new gas would most probably undergo a chemical change --- a rather serious chemical change. Wee Willie had even gone so far as to call it a double-scoop mother-fucking RADICAL change! Not only wouldn’t it die off like smoke on the wind --- it would GO FORTH, MUTATE AND MULTIPLY!
As was Sergeant Henderson when he ‘ruffled the placid governmental waters’, Young Willard had been quickly and firmly shuffled off to shuffle his own far away desk-job. But by then the damage had been done. The divorce papers had been served, the farm had been sold, the scotch had been drunk --- and the seeds of destruction had been sown.
And Agent C.D., known affectionately as Crystallized Deterrent and/or Completely Demented, was set free on an unsuspecting world.
Had he lived long enough, Young Willard would have had the last laugh, perhaps even renaming it Agent Complete Destruction, for he had been right about the chemical change all along; new and improved Agent C.D. did indeed multiply. The only part Willie had miscalculated was just how fast.
Almost everyone on Nellis Air Force Base was dead by morning.
The rest of the world would take a little longer.
***

Chapter 2



High Peaks Region,
Adirondack Park,
New York. June 22

The boy, in his mid teens, scrambled easily up the steep, rocky slope. The heavy pack on his back seemed to bother him not at all. With the scorn for fear that only youth can muster, the blond boy smiled down on the two older men below.
“Piece of cake, Dad! How’s Uncle Bob doing?”
Josh Williams grinned up at his son, then glanced back at his brother-in-law. They were in the High Peaks Region of the Adirondack Park, a vast stretch of mountain wilderness only an hour’s drive away from the sleepy little college town of Hawthorn, New York. Having hiked the High Peaks for years, Josh Williams and his son Jesse were completely in their element. Uncle Bob, however, was another story.
Robert Fuller had gone on a few day-hikes and canoeing trips with Josh, but this was the first time he’d attempted a week long ‘expedition’ --- and it showed.
“Think of it as a pilgrimage!”, Josh had explained. That had been the 24th of May. At the time they were sitting in Bob’s expensive bass boat in the middle of Lake Champlain, the hundred mile long body of water separating Vermont and upper New York State. The gentle shores were crowded with quaint summer cottages for those with enough money and time to escape the crowded cities. Bob had reached for a Miller Light and laughed. Bob’s idea of ‘roughing it’ was having to contend with warm beer and cold Big Mac’s.
“A pilgrimage to where? Deliverance Land?”
Josh had gone on to expound on the beauty of the High Peaks Great Range. Names like Rooster Comb, The Gothics, Haystack, Marcy had rolled off his tongue like honey, his green eyes flashing.
Bob had belched and reached for another Miller. “Sure, Josh, I’ll go. Just go easy on that ‘Spine of God’ crap, eh?
Josh had grinned and shot Bob the finger. “Ya? Same to you, fella!”


It was a very old George Carlin joke --- almost ancient now --- not funny to anyone anymore but the two old friends.
Now, a month later and over four thousand feet higher, Robert Fuller found himself struggling up some god-forsaken goat’s trail called the Shorty Shortcut and heading for a place with the heart warming name of Panther’s Gorge. The view, he had to admit however, was incredible! 
For as far as the eye could see, towering peaks stretched away in all directions. Fluffy white clouds floated in the green carpeted valley below them. A hawk, drifting on the thermal updrafts, hung suspended high above them, its sharp, predator’s eyes watching for the slightest movement. The air felt clean and fresh as it must have on the first day of creation.
Just after dawn they’d left Josh’s camper back at The Garden, a hiker’s parking lot several miles up a twisting, stream crossed road above the quaint little mountain village of Keene Valley. Backpacks loaded with all the gear and food they’d need for a week in the ‘great outdoors’, the three ‘bold adventurers’ had hiked up to their present position. Now, dirty, sweating, heart pounding and back aching, Bob leaned against a boulder the size of his insurance office back in Crown Point.



“I’m fine, Jessie,” he gasped. “Just giving your old man a head start!”
Josh Williams, making sure his son couldn’t see, shot Bob the finger.
Both men smiled.
Jessie called down from above. “You guys coming or what? I’m getting hungry!”
“You’re always hungry!”, Josh replied. “Have a Granola Bar!”
Jessie’s face hung over the boulder thirty feet above them. His long blond hair covered all but his smile. “I finished those off back at the lean-to.”
Josh shrugged at Bob and started up the open rock. “Better get going before he eats my supper as well as yours.”
Bob sighed and adjusted his shoulder straps. “Let him. At least these bloody packs will be lighter!”
They made camp soon after on a flat outcropping just under a mile above sea level and just over nine miles from the nearest road. After a meal of noodles and Josh’s wife’s spaghetti sauce, washed down with tea and hot chocolate, they watched the sun set in all its fiery splendor, then turned in. 
Bob was asleep as soon as his head hit the non-existent pillow. Jessie gave his dad a hug and crawled into his sleeping bag, eager for the morrow’s climb. Josh brewed himself a last cup of tea, had a short, semi-guilty few puffs on his old pipe that only appeared when he was deep in the wilderness. Then, by the fading light of sunset he wrote a brief note in his ‘hiking log’, brushed his teeth,  and whispered good night to his wife. As he lay in his sleeping bag watching the stars appear in the heavens, Josh wondered what Bob would say if he knew he was sleeping on what the locals called The Spine of God. 
All three hikers were totally unaware of the catastrophe that had taken place at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada some twenty four hours earlier. Josh turned on his side. Thoughts of tomorrow’s long climb up Mount Marcy filled his mind. Hoping the weather would hold, he drifted off to sleep, while over half a continent away, silent, swift, death raced towards him.
***

Chapter 3


China Lake Naval Weapons Center
California. June 22

Private Jocco Wellington let the jeep role to a stop, hardly noticing the quiet crunch as the front wheel passed over yet another half empty uniform. Jocco was confused. Everyone was dead, and that bothered him. Not the fact that they were dead exactly, but the fact that he had no fucking idea how they came to be that way!
Since waking up in the barracks and finding all the bunks filled with what looked like crumbling ashes, he had searched half the base and found nothing but bodies. Hundreds of bodies, or rather, half bodies; each with that gray papery shit spilling out of them.
Lighting a cigarette, he squinted up at the sun. Nearly noon. He got out and walked over to General Bremen’s office. Bremen was a real hard-ass, but he’d know what the fuck was going on. But if General Bremen knew, he wasn’t telling. All Jocco found in the office was a shirt-full of more gray papery crap with four gold stars on the collar.
Then the phone rang and Jocco nearly browned his shorts. Fumbling with the receiver, he held it away from his sweating body as though it were a deadly snake.
“General?!”, the voice on the line yelled. “General, is that you?! Thank Christ you’re still alive!”
Jocco remained silent, his conniving brain racing. All his life he had lived by his wits. Pimping, running drugs, always playing it close to the edge, always just one step away from the Boys in Blue. But, like the fat lady said: ‘All good things must come to an end!’ Sold out by a little prick who sought to take his place, the D.A. had made Jocco an offer he couldn’t refuse: join the army or do a seven year stretch in the can. Jocco had no great desire to serve Old Glory, yet neither did he much relish the thought of having his asshole reamed out by some killer retard named Bubba.
And now this! Life was just one big clusterfuck from the word go!
“General? Are you there?” the voice on the line squeaked. “SPEAK TO MEEEEE!”
This last had been screamed, snapping Jocco back to the present. “I’m here”, he said. “Who’s this?”
“Oh, Sweet Jesus!”, the voice wined. “I thought everyone was gone!”
“Get a grip, soldier and report!” Winging it, Jocco began to warm to his role. He’d always thought he’d have made a great actor. After all, wasn’t that what life was anyway? Just one big meaningless farce?
“Er, yes sir!”, the voice answered. “Lieutenant Pinkton here, sir! Walter J. from the Personnel Department. We’ve never really met, sir but --- ”
“Pinkton!”, Jocco said coldly. “Get to the fucking point!”
“Yes, sir! I will, sir! But they’ll be here soon, so shouldn’t we --- I mean, don’t you ---”
Jocco’s mind continued to whirl. “Pinkton, WHO will be here soon?!”
“Why, the boys from Miramar, sir. I phoned Fort Irwin first, and then the Marine Corps at Twenty-Nine Palms, but neither one of them answered. Everything went straight to voice mail. Only the Naval Station at San Diego responded.” His voice had been climbing higher and higher and Jocco could tell this Pinkton dip-shit was on the edge of panic. “After I saw --- saw --- ”
“WHEN, Pinkton? WHEN will they get here?”
“What? Oh, any time now, sir. They seemed to be having some trouble of their own, but they promised they’d come! They promised!”
Jocco felt the germ of an idea begin to blossom in his brain. He’d felt its tantalizing tickle before, but always had to push it aside as cold reality rushed in. Now however, perhaps, it was the time to allow such thoughts their freedom? Throwing caution to the wind, Jocco decided to give it a shot.
“Meet me in fifteen minutes at the Officer’s Mess. We’ll wait for them together.”
Pinkton sounded like a Sunday sinner granted redemption. “Oh, yes, sir; thank you, sir! Thank you!”
Jocco replaced the phone in its cradle, a cruel, crafty smile lighting up his handsome face.
***


Private Theodore Smith, called Smitty by a few and Pussbag by many, rocked back and forth in the corner of his barracks. His ferret-like eyes wild with maniacal fear, a dripping bayonet clutched in his bloody hand.
Close by was the body of a young soldier. Not one of those papery bee-hive things, but a honest-to-God flesh and blood one! Like the precious few other people left alive that morning, the young private had somehow been passed over by the late, great Estelle Dority’s infamous creation. A survivor who had survived only long enough to be killed by yet another survivor! Aint life a bitch? The irony of the situation however, was clearly lost on Pussbag. In point of fact, Pussbag himself had been lost for most of his miserable, psychotic life.
The child-soldier had come upon Pussbag trembling in a corner and offered him his hand. Thinking himself attacked by his many sins come to life, Pussbag Smitty had stabbed the hapless survivor till his arms tired.
Now, sitting in a puddle of his own urine, Pussbag cocked his head to one side. ‘What was that? A motor? Yes? YES!’ Crawling on all fours to the nearest window, he timidly poked his head up just high enough to see out. 
Pussbag couldn’t believe his eyes. A jeep! A Jesus to Christ jeep! Tooling along over the tarmac just as nice as you please! There was just one guy in it and --- would ya look at that?! The fucker was smoking a cigarette and smiling!
Pussbag watched the dark stranger with ferret-like intensity. Something in that face reminded him of --- of something he both desperately wanted to remember yet longed desperately to forget. A dead dream resurrected from his hellish childhood. The one nightmare that he repeatedly pushed away had now suddenly come to life!
Unbidden, an image of his mother materialized in his maggoty brain. She was leaning over him, one hand clamped on his frail shoulder, the other pointing to a picture in a book. Young Theodore had not wanted to look at the picture, but Mommy had insisted --- and Mommy always got what she wanted.
“Look at Him, you little shit! LOOK AT HIM!!”, her shrill voice had demanded. Even through the haze of years Pussbag could still smell the scent of cheap gin and religious ecstasy on her breath. “Look at the Dark Stranger! If you’re naughty, He will come for you!” Her ringed fingers had dug into his thin flesh, pushing him closer to the page. “The Dark Stranger ALWAYS comes for naughty little boys!”
His heart now pounding, Pussbag absently wiped his snotty nose with his sleeve and turned his gaze back on the man in the jeep. ‘The handsome face was the same as the one in Mommy’s Good Book!’ When the jeep passed beyond his view, Pussbag Smitty silently followed, the bayonet still clutched in his bloody hand.
***
Jocco stopped the jeep at the back of the Officers Mess and looked around. Those weird looking bodies were everywhere. Draped over crates; laying sprawled on the ground. One was half in, half out of the back door. All had been reduced to that paper-thin gray shit.
With all the finesse of a runaway garbage truck, the ghost of a plan that Jocco had kept secretly locked away for years now began to push itself forward. Humdrum, every day thoughts were casually shunted aside as easily as the parchment thin bodies that littered the runway. A part of him tried to hold it back, to wait until he was certain. Yet another part, the wilder, savage part that always lurked just beyond the surface, urged him on.
Then someone staggered out the side door of the Officer’s Mess, leaned over the railing and puked. The bottle he’d been holding fell, exploding on the asphalt like a bomb. Looking up, their eyes met. The puker’s widened, flicked to the shattered bottle, then back to Jocco. His mouth fell open, a string of thick saliva trailing from his lower lip.
“You a ghost, man?”
Jocco grinned. “Not likely. What are we drinking, soldier?”
The man, in his early thirties, was big, balding, unarmed and drunk as a skunk. Jocco casually walked over and read the soldier’s nametag: Sampson.
“Nothing but the best, man”, Sampson slurred. “The fucking best!”
His hand close to the .45 on his hip, Jocco motioned towards the open door of the Mess. “Set ‘em up then, friend. I’m buying.”
Sampson seemed to find the casual remark extremely funny. Laughing as only a well practiced drunk can, he staggered back inside. Jocco followed.
“Keep your money, man,” Sampson grinned. “Drinks are on the house!”
The room was littered with bodies. A good number were women, their skirts and dresses mingled with the uniforms like a cut close line. Officer’s wives, daughters, girlfriends. Jocco could care less. Sampson had found another bottle and was attempting to fill two glasses. His hand shook so much however that most of the amber liquid ended up on the bar.
“Fuck it!”, he growled, sweeping the glasses away with his free hand, he grabbed another bottle and thrust it towards Jocco. “Here, man. Help yourself.”
Jocco took a sip, then placed the bottle gently on the dripping bar. Sampson was still chugging his. ‘Shock’, Jocco reasoned. ‘He’ll pass out soon’. Soon turned out to be very soon. Sampson hadn’t half finished the bottle before it finished him. His eyes rolling white, he slid silently down behind the bar. What remained of the bartender was already there.
Jocco smiled, his mind racing. Over three thousand men were stationed at the China Lake Base. It seemed that only three of them were left alive. One in a thousand. He wondered if those odds held for off the base as well. The wild part of him hoped so.
‘One way to find out’, he reasoned. He walked to the phone and dialed an outside line. A list of names and numbers were by the phone. He tried them all. State Police; Ridgecrest Hospital; Bakersfield Hospital; Los Angeles Airport; then, just to be sure, the Malamar Naval Air Base near San Diego. He got a number of machines, but nobody home. Some high roller had penciled in the number of The Golden Nugget in Las Vegas. Under that was scrawled: ‘For a sweet time call Candy’. A local number followed. Snake Eyes on the casino but Candy’s number got him a recorded: ‘Moved. No forwarding address.’ 
Jocco grinned. Even the local whore-house had suddenly packed up and blown away. His pulse raced. With every passing moment years of conditioning seemed to be dropping away, leaving him stripped to the emotional bone. His smile widened. Ex-pimp, ex-pusher and now, ex-private in the army of the late-great SA! Ain’t life grand?!
Just then a horn sounded. Jocco looked and saw a jeep stop out front. ‘Lieutenant Pinkton from Personnel I presume?’ Jocco took the bottle from the bar and sat down facing the door. He then placed his .45 automatic on the table next to the bottle. He intended to give Pinkton a choice. Join his little team of carefree survivors or join the other silent snoozers that now seemed to litter the outside world.
It was while pondering such weighty questions as these that the plane passed overhead.
***

Chapter 4



Miramar Naval Air Station
San Diego, California, June 22

The young pilot, Squadron Leader Ben Hymus, his eyes wide and nervous, caught up with Lieutenant Sam Waterson at the open hatch of the troop plane. Like the rest of them, he’d been told to report for active duty only fifteen minutes ago.
“What’s up, L.T.? Why the big scramble? And why this old piece of shit?” He rapped the camouflaged skin of the ancient cargo plane.
As they spoke, a truck pulled up and men wearing what looked like space suits jumped out and began loading heavy equipment into the plane. Most of the boxes were marked with big red letters: Property of the U.S. Government. Department of Chemical Warfare.
Lieutenant Waterson shrugged. “No idea, Ben. All I know is that the brass has gone absolutely bat-shit. There’s some talk about a plague outbreak, but nothing confirmed.”
“’Plague?!’, Hymus echoed. “Where?”
Waterson shrugged again. “Out in the Big Nothing.”
“China Lake?”, Hymus said. “Christ, ‘Big Nothing’ is right! That’s up near Death Valley.”
Waterson’s smile looked more like a nervous twitch. “Join the Navy and see the world, son. Isn’t that what they told you?”
Hymus grunted, watching the space suits continue to load boxes into the plane’s big belly. “It’s been some time since I flew one of these babies. Hope to Hell I remember how.”
Waterson slapped him on the shoulder. “It’s like getting laid, Ben; once in the saddle, it all comes back to you. Besides, half the guys coming with us are pilots, myself included.”
A space suit strode over to them and swung open his face mask. Both Waterson and Hymus recognized Colonel Jackson Carter and began to salute.
“At ease, men. No time for formalities. Haul your asses in there and get suited up. We’re leaving in five minutes!”
Colonel Carter was wrong; they were airborne in three.
Lieutenant Waterson was having one hell of a time fighting down the panic. Outwardly calm, his stomach kept wanting to throw up. Twenty minutes into the flight he left the co-pilot’s seat, nodded to Squadron Leader Hymus, and went back into the belly of the beast.
The boxes were unpacked now, and the Chemical Warfare people were hard at work doing  whatever the hell it was they did. Lights were flashing and scopes were whirling, but these all dimmed by comparison to the red rage on Colonel Carter’s face. He was literally punching a portable console, and getting anything but satisfying results.
Waterson walked over to Major Chino Fetti, an old friend of his and one of the colonel’s aids. Fetti saw him and leaned forward, their faceplates almost touching. Waterson saw sweat beading the other man’s face. The skin-tone looked gray.
“It looks bad, Sam. The old man’s about to bust a gut!”
“How bad?” Waterson didn’t miss the catch in his voice.
“No answer at any base in the south-west,” Fetti replied nervously. “None of them! What’s more, it’s been confirmed now. Chemicals were used! Somewhere in southern Cal. Looks like we’ve been caught with our pants down!”
Waterson’s mind seemed to have slipped into neutral. The words didn’t quite register. “We what?”
Fetti’s voice grated on his ears. “Somebody’s shoved a grenade full of fresh new bio-germs up our ass and pulled the pin!” His suited hand pointed at one of the plane’s round windows. “There dying by the millions out there! L.A.’s out! So is Frisco! The old man’s trying to raise Miramar, but getting jack shit!”
Years of training suddenly kicked in. Waterson’s befuddled mind conjured up a picture of the White House. “What about Washington?”
Fetti’s helmet nodded. “Airforce One is already in the air.”
Waterson sighed with relief. Fetti, however, had more ‘jolly news’ to impart. “It gets worse, Sam. Everything west of the Continental Divide is gone! Colorado Springs was on line, but then we just lost contact. Now Omaha’s out!” He scrubbed at his helmet as though his gloved hand could reach his hair. “Whatever the fuck this is, its moving east a hell of a lot faster than we are!”
Just then the plain banked sharply to the right and Waterson bumped into Fetti. Both of them went down. Several of the Germ Warfare boys also fell. Equipment tipped and shattered. Waterson scrambled to his feet. Fetti didn’t. Waterson staggered towards the cockpit. He didn’t notice that the others still lay where they had fallen, or that Colonel Carter now sat slumped over his blinking console.
What he found in the cockpit did little to ease his troubled mind. Squadron Leader Ben Hymus sat half in, half out of the pilot’s seat, his gloved hands still on the controls as the plane began to spiral downward. Leaping into the co-pilot’s seat, Waterson righted the plane, got it back on course and flipped the Auto Pilot switch. Then he turned to check on Hymus. What he saw filled him with terror. Where the body of his friend had been just moments before there now remained only a sagging Contamination suit. Through the faceplate Waterson saw what looked like a crumbling wasps nest. 
Someone screamed. A long, piercing wail that chilled him to the bone. A part of his mind knew it had come from himself, another part kept right on screaming. For an undetermined length of time Lieutenant Sam Waterson just sat there, silently screaming into the wild blue yonder.
***
Jocco walked out of the Officer’s Mess and watched as the heavy cargo came around for its final approach. China Lake had a lot of runways, the only problem was that precious few of them were clear. Besides various planes, most runways had an assortment of trucks, jeeps and cargo loaders scattered about like giant Fisher Price toys after an especially hard day in the sandbox.
Jocco’s cruel smile creased his handsome face. “Whoever was flying that baby was going to have to really shuck and jive to make it down in one piece.” Jocco didn’t much care one way or the other.
Lieutenant Walter J. Pinkton of Personnel however, seemed to care one hell of a lot. Walter J. sat in his jeep, his hands white on the steering wheel, his eyes glued on the plane, a half-remembered prayer on his pale lips.
Seconds after the plane’s wheels touched down, smoke trailed out behind as the brakes were applied. The massive bird slowed, swerved to the left, straightened, and clipped the top of a cargo loader with its right wing. Metal screamed. Fuel began to spill out. The plane spun thirty degrees to the right, passed over a jeep, plowed through two parked trucks and proceeded on, at least two of the three vehicles now wedged under the fuselage. More metal screamed. Sparks flew. The trail of aviation fuel pouring out the right wing caught fire. Flames raced alongside like a hungry beast. The front wheel missed a parked truck but not the jeep just behind it. The tire blew, dropping the nose down on the runway. More screams. More sparks. Then the entire right wing exploded. The force of the blast shook the big bird like a rag doll in a dog’s mouth. Flames engulfed the fuselage while billows of dirty grey-black smoke rose into the air. In what seemed slow motion, the remains slid directly towards the Officer’s Mess.



Pinkton, his eyes wide, sat in his idling jeep as a wet stain spread rapidly over his crotch. A small part of his brain told him to react, to do something! The larger part however, the part that had been forced to cope with a morning filled with horror upon horror, wanted only to curl up and die --- like the hundreds of brittle, gray bodies that reminded him of the pages of a burnt bible.
Jocco, however, was a creature cut from a different cloth. Years of fighting and scrounging on the sharp, knife-edge of existence, had honed his senses. Reacting with a predator’s swiftness, he leapt into Pinkton’s jeep, shoved his .45 in the startled man’s ear and stepped down hard on the accelerator.
“Clutch!”, Jocco screamed.
Walter J. may not have been as street-wise as his saintly mother might have liked, but neither was he as stupid as his unsaintly father had thought. He popped the clutch and the jeep peeled away, just as the nose of the burning plane broke off and slammed into the Officer’s Mess. The plane demolished the right side of the building, continued lazily on its way, finally coming to rest alongside an empty hanger.
“Stop!”, Jocco said, smiling.
Brakes squealed. Jocco lowered the .45 and looked back at the demolished building. Private George Sampson, still holding his bottle of Scotch, staggered out onto the runway, seemingly oblivious to the fact that a wall had just been removed.
“Hey, man! What’s going down?”
Just then the eject-bomb on the cockpit blew the cover sky high. The pilot, a very shaken Lieutenant Waterson, still wearing his plague suit, scrambled out. Jocco motioned for Pinkton to drive over.
“Who ARE you?”, Pinkton asked the handsome soldier sitting beside him. “And where is General Bremen? He told me to meet him here.” Walter’s voice was a strange mixture of indignant-whine.
The .45 and the smile were back. “I’m God’s little helper. As for the General, he’s like all the others --- gone. Now move it, asshole, we’ve got to pick these two boys up before the rest of that plane blows!”
Lieutenant Walter J. Pinkton’s momma had always told him to listen to ‘God’s little helpers’ --- especially if they whispered in your year while holding a Colt .45. 
Moments later, with both Lieutenant Waterson and Private Sampson bundled in the back, the jeep tore down the runway. They’d gotten about two thousand yards when the remaining tanks on the plane exploded. The blast rocked the speeding jeep.
“Sheee-it!”, Sampson yelled. Grinning from ear to ear, he passed the bottle around. After taking a long pull, Lieutenant Samuel Waterson looked at Jocco. “What the Christ happened here?!”
Jocco’s broad smile flashed. “Welcome to the end of the world, soldier. Ain’t life a bitch?
***

Chapter 5



High Peaks Region
New York. June 23
(2 days after C.D. was let loose)

Josh Williams lay in his mummy bag looking up towards Haystack’s rounded, rocky summit. Still almost a thousand feet above him, all he saw was a blanket of wet, white mist. He hoped the sun would burn it away by the time they reached it.
Unzipping his sleeping bag, he glanced at the other two members of the tiny party. His seventeen year old son, Jessie, was curled up in a ball, his tousled blond head sticking out of the down-filled bag.
Bob’s bag, still in the shadows, appeared rumpled and empty. Frowning, Josh looked around for his brother-in-law. It was not like Bob to rise early, especially after lugging a heavy pack up four thousand feet.
‘Answering the call of the wild? No, the toilet paper was still on the branch. A walk? Maybe catch the sunrise?’ Josh swore. One of the first rules about hiking the High Peaks was never go anywhere alone. Bob could be a real asshole at times, but he wasn’t stupid. As Josh pulled on his boots, a shiver of fear coursed up his spine. His son’s voice made him jump.
“Hey, Dad. What’s up?”
“Probably nothing, Jess, but Uncle Bob’s gone off somewhere.” He then called out loudly. The only reply came from a chattering squirrel. 
While Jessie scrambled into his clothes, Josh walked over to his brother-in-law’s bag. Now that the light was a little better, he could see that there was something in there --- but far too small to be Bob. A raccoon? He poked it with his walking stick and heard a faint crunching sound. Nothing moved. Whatever it was, it was dead. Pulling back the cover, Josh saw what looked like a squashed wasps nest spilling out of Bob’s red longjohns. 
Father and son both stood in the early morning light looking down at the remains of Robert Wm. Fuller. Jessie turned to his father. “It’s a joke, right? Uncle Bob’s idea of a joke?” The hopeful tone of his young voice was overlaid with fear.
“Maybe, son --- but I don’t find it very funny.” 
They both called out, then began searching around the camp, yet all the while Robert Fuller lay where they had found him. Ten minutes later, Jessie went back to his uncle’s bag and stirred the remains with a stick. What he saw caused his to jump back. Shaking like a leaf in the wind, Jessie began to cry. Josh held him tightly, then, looking down, saw what had so startled his son.  As realization struck, Josh choked back tears of his own.
***
By the time they were packed up and ready to leave, the sun had indeed burnt off the mist around towering Haystack Mountain --- yet neither father nor son had any interest now in climbing it. One of their group was dead. Not only dead, but gone as well! All that remained of Uncle Bob was his deflated thermal underwear and dental bridge Jessie had found in crumpled gray ashes.
Jessie moved about like a robot long overdue for a tune-up, his movement stiffs, his expression blank. The boy was in shock. His father wasn’t a hell of a lot better.
While Jessie silently packed their gear, Josh disposed of the body by rolling the remains in the sleeping bag and placing several large rocks on top. Jessie joined his father at the make-shift grave. As he looked away, he spied something glittering in the morning light. A gold band. Robert Fuller’s wedding ring. Picking it up, Jessie handed it to his father.
“Aunt Doris will want this.” The boy’s voice was distant and dream-like.
Josh slipped the ring in his pocket, then hugged his son. Several minutes later they were on the long trail back down to the lodge.
John’s Brook Lodge was well over a hundred years old. Over the decades it had been added to and refurbished many times, but for the most part it still looked like what it was, a rambling old log cabin beside a gurgling stream, nestled between the High Peaks, some three and a half miles from the nearest road.



When Josh and his son reached it, the sun was a little past noon. The trek down had been a silent one. Josh had tried to get Jessie to open up, but the boy had only retreated further into himself. Josh decided not to press him for now, believing that time would work its slow but sure healing process. Once they were home, things would somehow sort themselves out. Heart attacks happened. People died. Life --- eventually --- moved on.
Neither of them wanted to discuss the fact that Uncle Bob’s body had somehow turned to brittle, gray ashes.
Lost in his own thoughts, Josh paid little heed to the fact that they hadn’t met any other hikers on the trail. When no-one answered his call as he entered the lodge, however, his guts did another flip flop. Where was the pretty young girl who was usually baking bread? Where was the grizzled old coot who always greeted them from his rocking chair on the front porch? Where the hell were the other hikers who had either spent the night or stopped in for tea or warm lemonade before going on to the various trails?
Josh, his head suddenly pounding, went into the back room. Row upon row of rough but sturdy bunk beds greeted him. Most were still made, the top of a faded sheet folded neatly over a warm blanket. Some, however, were occupied. Several packs leaned against walls. Clothes and raingear hung from pegs. Pairs of boots sat patiently waiting for their owners to awake.
Now they would wait forever. 
All the occupied bunks held the same dry, brittle remains that had spilled out of Robert Fuller’s bag.
Josh staggered and would have fallen if Jessie hadn’t caught him. Shaken, Josh looked at his son. The youth’s expression might have been set in granite. 
“They’re all dead. Just like Uncle Bob.”
Josh could only nod, his mind racing. ‘What was going on? It must be a bloody dream! That’s it! I’m having a nightmare --- a terrible nightmare. I’ll wake up soon and find myself back at camp; or better yet, in my own bed with my wife beside him. Oh, God! Let it be a dream!’
But a part of Josh’s mind knew that this was no dream. Things were just too damn real. The smells, the sounds. Even the light seemed real. He squeezed Jessie’s hand. There were tears in the boy’s eyes. Taking a deep breath, Josh walked both of them back into the main room with the big, stone fireplace.
“Sit down, Jess. We’ve got to talk.”
The boy did as he was told, silent tears still flowing. Josh hugged him, his own tears mingling with his son’s. After a while, they faced each other, hands still touching.
“I don’t know what has happened, Jess. I’m not even sure what to say. Something has ---”
“Murdered Uncle Bob and all these other people?” Jessie said quietly.
The idea struck Josh like a blow. Until now he had thought of this as some kind of accident; some crazy, insane mistake. A disease or plague of some kind. The idea that it might have been man-made turned his stomach. He pushed the thought aside. That way led to madness. Suddenly his stomach heaved and he thought he was going to vomit. He rushed outside, the crisp mountain air helping to clear his head.
Jessie followed, offering his water bottle. Josh accepted it with a sigh. Part of him wanted to scream; part of him still wanted to throw-up. He settled for a grunt.
“Tough little bugger, aren’t you?”
“Can’t help it,” Jessie replied. “I take after my old man.”
“Ya?”, Jessie said. “Tell that to your mother.”
That one word froze them both. ‘Mother’. What about her? Everyone they’d seen in the mountains was dead. What about the world outside?’ 
Both father and son made it back to their camper in record time.
On the way back to the parking lot they’d past several tents. After calling out, Josh had looked inside. More of the same; brittle gray-brown parchment spilling out of sleeping bags.
Whatever it was, it had come in the night, somehow sparing only himself and his son. ‘Thank God for small wonders!’
Except for the cars, the parking lot was empty. No gangs of eager hikers chatted as they checked their gear. No trail weary trekkers sat resting their aching feet. The gravel lot looked like a four-wheel graveyard.



Josh unlocked the Westphalia and tossed their packs inside. Jessie climbed into the front seat, a worried expression on his young face.
“Dad? Do you think Mom’s O.K.?”
The Volkswagen engine roared as Josh swung the camper around. “I hope so, Jess, but --- ” He stopped himself from speaking his fears. “We’ll soon see.”
Ten minutes later they were in the small town of Keen Valley. Little more than a cluster of stores and houses perched on the stony banks of the East Ausable River, its claim to fame was a paper mill, a post office and first rate camping store. All were empty, all were silent, all held the remains of what just hours ago had been living beings. 
After that Josh barely slowed down. Taking the 9N east, he pushed the aging camper up the rolling hills between Jay Mountain on the left and nearly mile high Giant on the right.
Jessie peered out the window as the slightly larger village of Elizabethtown flashed by. “Nothing moving here either, Dad. Maybe we should stop and check it out?”
Josh’s answer was to slam the gearshift down into third and floor the gas peddle.
He did stop as they neared the overpass to Interstate 87. To almost everyone in the world the words ‘New York’ conjured up in the mind’s eye a vast, sprawling city, teaming with cars, trucks and most of all, people. Known worldwide as the Big Apple --- the City that Never Sleeps. To those living in upstate New York however, those two ‘magic words’ meant something completely different --- green forests, blue lakes and tumbling streams, all punctuated by the majestic towering peaks of Adirondack Mountains. Interstate 87 was the Northlands lifeline. At any time of the day or night you could hear the traffic humming along; from the Canadian border just an hour south of Montreal, all the way south to the Big Apple itself. I-87 was the major artery into the heart of the beast.
Only this day the beast was silent.
Looking up through the bug-splattered windshield, both father and son listened for a sign that the world as they knew it was still there --- but the only sounds came from the pounding of their hearts and the screaming of their souls.
After what seemed like an eternity, Josh looked at his watch. Five minutes had passed. A bubble of frightened laughter threatened to escaped into the silence. ‘Takes a lickin’ ‘n keeps on tickin’! Sweet Christ! an anguished voice inside him wailed. ‘The whole damned world is gone!’ 
Panic threatened to carry him away.
“Dad? Hey, Dad! You all right?!”
“Ya, son, I’m fine. Hey, how about we try to call Mom on the cell? Reception’s poor in the mountains, but it’s worth a try.”
Jessie rummaged around in his pack and finally found his Smart phone. His fingers trembling as they glided over the screen, a half hopeful, half frightened look on his pale face. Frustration soon waged with fear in his blue eyes. “Nothing! Only static! No ‘roaming’ sign --- nothing!”
Jessie’s voice was high and strident, fear lurking behind every word. And who could blame him? He was young, but not stupid. His universe had just done a swift and deadly about turn, and by the looks of it, the party had only just begun.
“It’s fine, Jess. Let’s just get home.” 
The youth attempted a smile and failed. Gears ground and the camper sped headlong into a dead world.
***

Chapter 6



China Lake
Naval Weapons Center, 
California. June 22

Private Theodore Smith, alias Pussbag Smitty, had been a busy boy since seeing Jocco drive by. Scuttling about like a spider, he had followed the jeep, keeping always in the shadows. As a child he had been afraid of the dark. The dark was where the ‘bad things’ happened; where his mother locked him after he had been naughty. Oh, how she had loved that word.
‘Theodore, you’ve been naughty again. If you’re not careful the Dark Stranger will come for you. Mommy is going to have to lock her naughty little boy in the closet. Mommy is going to have to spank her naughty little boy’s bum. Mommy is going to have to beat the living shit out of her Goddamned little snot-nosed naughty kid till he cries blood-fucking red tears!’
‘Oh my yes’, Pussbag thought. ‘Mommy had dearly loved THAT word!’
But time had passed and so had Mommy Dearest’s physical power over her naughty little boy. The threat of the Dark Stranger however, had only increased, and as the years had rolled by, naughty little Theodore Smith grew to be very naughty indeed. 
Pussbag Smitty, the terror of his terrible neighborhood. His list of sins had been long and horrible, yet torturing pets had been his specialty. Then, just as his mother had predicted, one fateful day the Dark Stranger had indeed come for him, only instead of dragging him screaming off to Hell, the dreaded Dark Stranger had looked into Pussbag’s tattered heart and offered him the one thing little Theodore would have gladly sold his very soul for --- friendship.
‘Follow me and I shall make thee great’, an ageless voice had said. ‘Follow in my footsteps and all shall be thine.’ That same night Pussbag had beat the living shit out of dear, old Mommy, stuffed the arthritic-ridden old bitch in the infamous closet and ran off to follow his new found friend.
It was a long, hard run, taking several years and most of his sanity, for each step of the way the Dark Stranger stayed ‘just out of reach’. Pussbag would catch the occasional glimpse of Him; in the leering face of a cop as he tossed the young vagrant into a cell; in the smile of a painted whore itching to give him the Clap. There one moment, gone the next. Tempting, taunting, always just a step or two beyond his grasp. Pussbag, however, was not dismayed. ‘Follow me and I shall make thee great’, He whispered in his dreams. ‘A promise was a promise.’
Pussbag knew where to go by the signs his elusive new friend would send him. They came in a kind of secret code, written between the headlines of newspapers and in the fake smiles of TV anchormen. Bakersfield Girl Slain By Mysterious Man; Hit And Run Driver Kills Two Fresno Children; A Dozen Killed In L.A. Race Riots.
Sometimes Pussbag heard about his friend in far off parts of the country; places like New York and Chicago. But again, he was not dismayed. The Dark Stranger traveled on the wind; here, there, everywhere. Such was His power. Pussbag had but to follow. Sooner or later he would always catch a glimpse of Him, hidden in the face of indifferent strangers, or waiting in the headlines of the corner newsstand.
Then one day he was looking at a poster in a window. It showed a gaunt old man in a top hat pointing a finger. Pussbag felt his knees go weak. The stern face suddenly changed into a shadowy yet familiar one. The pointing finger touched his soul.
And Pussbag knew what to do. His friend was telling him where to go. A place where his potential would be seen. A place where his skills were in great demand. A place where ‘mommies’ weren’t allowed --- The U.S. Army.
There were many things about the army that Pussbag wasn’t overly fond of; the unkind, cutting remarks; the cold laughter; the casual cruelties. But these things he could endure. Even the Brig was easier than the Closet. His Friend spoke to him in the dark. In his heart of hearts, Pussbag loved the Army, for it had taught him multiple ways to do that which he loved best --- to cause pain. And Private Theodore Pussbag Smitty had been a star pupil.
And now, just as promised, the Big Change had come. He had awoke this morning to a dead world. Everywhere he looked, death grinned back at him. China Lake Air Base was one giant wasteland; a place where brittle dead leaves filled bunks, littered the runways and spilled from empty uniforms.
Pussbag believed in his heart of hearts that the Dark Stranger, his only friend and distant companion, had spared him; had chosen him for greatness --- just as He had promised.
When the young soldier had found Pussbag, had held out his hand and spoke soothing sounds, Pussbag had almost wept with relief. The Dark Stranger had come for him at last! ‘Follow in My footsteps and I shall make thee great. A promise is a promise. Mommy says so. Trust me.’
Then Pussbag had looked into that young, nervous face and seen only a young, nervous face. No hint of guile. No trace of cruelty. Only innocence and fear.
That was when Pussbag had used his bayonet.
How long had he sat huddled in that corner, listening to his mother’s voice? Minutes? Hours? Eternity? ‘The clocks run backwards in Hell’ his mother used to say. ‘And you’ll be a long time gone once the Dark Stranger drags you there!’
Then he’d heard another sound, the sound of the jeep. Looking out he’d seen a lone man drive by, smoking a cigarette and smiling. A stranger. A dark stranger laughing at death.
Pussbag’s heart had nearly burst with joy. He HAD come back after all!
That’s when he’d gone searching for a present for his long lost friend.
***
Being an army nurse, Shirley Bates had seen her share of death. Being a nurse, however, had not prepared her for what awaited her on the morning of June 22nd. Death was one thing. THIS was something else!
The pills had helped. She’d taken three blue downers and chased them with a shot of Tang and two Valium from the locked supply cabinet. Rank hath its privileges. Now, sprawled out on the couch in the doctors lounge, the cares of an uncaring world had retreated to a fuzzy haze.
A sound rudely tried to break through --- a sharp, cutting sound, like the breaking of thick glass. Shirley rolled over and promptly fell on the floor. The jolt of her tail bone striking the hardwood snapped her fully awake.
“Shit! Must have dozed off. Probably late for ---”
Memory flooded back. Dead. All dead. Nothing but dead.
Suddenly she heard it again. I did sound like breaking glass! Her heart raced. ‘Someone else is alive! I’m not alone!’
Scrambling to her feet, she raced out the door and down the main hall. She tried to call out, to let whoever it was know that she too was alive. All that came out was a strangled croak.
Bursting through the swinging doors, she saw him. A soldier, just inside the front door. He’d had to break the glass to get at the lock. Her arms wide, Shirley ran towards her savior --- towards the grinning face of Pussbag Smitty.
***
Her head hurt. Her back hurt. In point of fact, after Pussbag got through working her over there were precious few parts of Shirley Bates that didn’t hurt. But he hadn’t touched her face. He’d seemed very concerned about that. Shirley had been too for a while, but after several punches to the small of her back and the third or fourth kick to her ribs, she really didn’t give a shit. After a while all Shirley Bates wanted was to dry up like everyone else and just blow away.
And now the monster was back! He didn’t look like a monster, but Nurse Shirley knew he was --- for only a monster could so easily and joyfully inflict such pain.
She tried to turn away, but he knew just the right nerve to pinch, just the right amount of pressure needed to set her squirming like an eel but not pass out. Oh, yes, he was a monster all right! He may look like a man, but underneath was a foul-breathed, maggot-filled creature from hell!
Shirley summoned up the courage to spit in his face, hoping he’d get angry and snap her neck. The monster grinned and licked the saliva away with his tongue. 
Shirley fainted.
Pussbag stood looking down at the bundle clothed in white. He nudged it with the toe of his combat boot. ‘Stupid bitch! Just like all the rest! But He’ll like her! And if not, there’s always the Closet!’
Pussbag then bent down and slung the unconscious woman over his shoulder and went off to find the Dark Stranger and give him his present.
***
First Lieutenant Sam Waterson sat in what was left of the Officer’s Mess nursing a stiff drink and a savage headache. Second Lieutenant Walter Pinkton sat close by, nursing a full bladder and an even fuller blown case of the shakes. Private George Sampson paced back and forth, nursing an ongoing nervous condition that was rapidly approaching the psychotic. From his place behind the bar, Jocco Wellington, silent and deadly, watched the trio with cold indifference.
Suddenly George stopped his pacing, pulled off his beret, scrubbed at his head, and swore. “Jesus Christ, Jocco, what the fuck are we going to do?! I mean, shit man, everyone is fucking DEAD!”
Jocco sipped his drink, then nodded towards the open space that had until recently been the fourth wall of the Officer’s Lounge. There, standing in the growing dark, was Pussbag Smitty. Hanging over his shoulder was the limp form of nurse Shirley Bates.
“Not quite everyone, Georgie-boy,” Jocco said.
George followed Jocco’s gaze. “Holy shit! Who the fuck is that?!”
Pussbag shuffled forward, his eyes, fastened on Jocco, were big and bright. Madness danced just beneath their surface. He dumped Shirley at Jocco’s feet and fell to his knees. “Follow me and I shall make thee great”, Pussbag chanted. ‘A promise is a promise. Trust me.” His wild eyes took on a dog-like luster. “I followed, just like you told me to. I worked hard, just like you said.” He glanced down at Shirley’s crumpled form. “I even brought you a present. Can I stay?”
The silence hung in the three sided room like stale sweat. No one moved. No one even seemed to breathe. Then Jocco broke the spell --- or perhaps deepened it.
“Yes, my friend, you can stay.”
The smile on Pussbag’s face would have warmed all but his mother’s cold heart. “Thank you!”, he sighed. Already on his knees, hr bent forward and kissed Jocco’s muddy boot.
***

Chapter 7



Mt. Hawthorn
Lake Champlain, NY
June 23

Once past the interstate, 9N continues east towards Lake Champlain, that great, hundred mile long slash in the land between New York’s Adirondacks and Green Mountains of Vermont. As you approach the lake the mountains become foothills and farms begin to appear, though the green forest still rolls right up to the shores of the lake just like it has for thousands of years. The odd deer is replaced now by herds of cattle and the few tiny, sleeping villages give way to the hustle and bustle of lakeside towns. Now however the hustle was over and the bustle had dried up and blown away.
As he drove, Josh glanced over at his son. Jessie had been silent since they had stopped at the I-87 underpass, the useless cell phone still clutched in his hand. Now, turning south at Westport, they began to see the wrecked cars. Josh had to swerve around several crashes. Stopping at the first, he had looked inside. He did not stop again until they were home. Hawthorn, built on the western shore of the lake with a small, had a small wooded mountain behind it. Once a quiet little fishing village, was now a suburban bedroom community to the bigger, busier college town of Crown Point a half hour’s drive to the south. 
The human mind is a wondrous thing, having within it the capacity to hope when all hope is gone and to stubbornly cling to an idea when all the evidence points to the contrary. Some say it is that ability alone that separates humanity from the other creatures. Without that spark of hope and streak of stubbornness, we’d all be just lost wanders blown on a dark wind.
***
Several hours after arriving home, father and son sat in silence on the front steps of their modest home, silently watching the shadows lengthening all about them. For both of them hope’s eternal spark was flickering in a very dark wind indeed --- for they’d just buried what remained of Ann Williams in her garden. Josh had managed to mumble something about heaven and going to a ‘better place’, but Jessie had stood at the graveside like someone one turned to stone. The cell phone was gone now, replaced by a shovel in a trembling hand. Then, as the rich, dark earth that she had loved so dearly began to cover the ‘thing’ rolled in the sheet, Jessie had fallen to his knees, great wracking sobs filling the silence.
Josh had joined him, and together they had mourned for wife, mother, themselves and the world. Now, sitting silently on the front steps, both watched the sun going down. Slowly, reverently, Josh took something out of his pocket. Holding it up to the dying rays, it flashed warmly. Gently he placed it in his son’s cold hand.
“It was your mother’s, Jess. I think she’d want you to have it.”
Jessie looked at the ring, its yellow gold worn and smooth. His father still wore the mate. He dug Uncle Bob’s ring out of his own pocket and held them up together. His uncle’s was bigger, newer and less yellow. Through eyes red from weeping, he looked at his father.
“Is that all we’ll ever find, Dad? Dead people’s rings?”
Josh felt his breath catch in his throat. “No, son. God wouldn’t be so cruel.”
Jessie stiffened, his young face suddenly old. “God?!”, he screamed. “There IS no God! God would never let THIS happen! And if He does exist, then ---  then I HATE HIM!”
Josh moved towards his son, but Jessie turned away, dry sobs shaking his shoulders. Josh let him be, knowing that words at this point, even kind ones, wouldn’t help. Jessie was hurting, not only for a mother that he loved dearly, but for everything he had ever known. Dead. Dead. The whole bloody world was dead! Inwardly Josh himself railed at a Creator that could allow his finest creation to be so casually destroyed.
As the day darkened, father and son sat clinging to the one thing they had left --- each other. Eventually, when the stars filled what seemed like an uncaring sky, both went inside seeking, if not sleep, at least solitude.
***
Jessie came into the kitchen, one hand rubbing the sleep from his eyes. His long blond hair was tousled and he had slept in his clothes. After dark Josh had gone to his room and found him fast asleep, a tattered and much loved Phoo Bear clutched to his breast. He had covered both boy and bear and left quietly. Not able to face the bed he had found his wife in, he slept in the spare room.
“Breakfast?” Jessie asked, attempting a smile.
Josh’s was more successful. “Coming right up. But first take a shower. You’ll feel better.”
The attempted smile again. “Sure.”
After breakfast, Josh looked at his son. “We have to look, you know. We can’t just give up and sit here.”
The boy shrugged. “I know. It’s just that, well, where do we start?”
“Hawthorn to begin with, then Crown Point. After that, we’ll play it by ear. But first, we try Doc. Gruber’s.”
Jessie frowned. “The vet’s? Why there?”
“We passed farms on the way home and the animals seemed fine. I just saw Mrs. Brinski’s cat out back. Doc. Gruber always keeps lost strays. We can’t let them starve.”
Jessie brightened. “Ya! We can let them all go. Maybe even keep one! I’ve always wanted a dog! Can I, Dad?!”
“Don’t see why not.”
Jessie was already moving towards the door.
So far so good, Josh thought. He’d come up with the idea late last night. Jessie needed something to fill the void. He knew a dog could not take the place of a mother, friends, a boy’s entire world, but he also knew that Jess needed to have something to take his mind off what had happened. Loving and caring for a dog couldn’t hurt.
“Dad! Dad!”, Jessie called from outside. “Come quick! A car!”
Josh ran outside. Jessie was standing at the end of the driveway, pointing down the road. “A car! I saw a car! It was driving by when I came out!”
Josh looked towards the corner of the main street. He saw nothing but empty houses and lawns that needed mowing.
“Let’s go, Dad! We can catch up with it!”
“We can try, son.”
Jumping into the van, they backed out, and roared off down the road. 
“Right or left, Jess?”
“Right, towards the center of town!”
Josh gunned the old van, but by the time they got to the main intersection, nothing was moving. Jessie hit the dashboard. “I saw it! I know I did! A green one!”
Jessie turned left and headed downtown. If there was a car, the person driving was most probably looking for other survivors just as they were. Sooner or later they’d meet. Besides, Doc. Gruber’s small clinic was downtown. Five minutes later they were there. Jessie, all thoughts of the car now forgotten, leaped out and ran to the old vet’s door.
“It’s locked!”
Josh came a moment later. In his hand was a tire iron.
His son’s eyes widened. “You going to smash the glass?” There was wonder in his voice. All his life he had known his father as a quiet, law-biding man; a history teacher at the local high school who loved to read and to enjoy the outdoors. The thought of this mild spoken man smashing his way into a building was beyond him.
“Let’s try a window first.”
Jessie nodded agreement and the two of them walked around back. There they came face to face with an old man sitting in the sun.
“Morning, gents. Care for a cup of coffee?”
Father and son looked at each other. Josh blinked, then walked forward, holding out his hand. “You gave us quite a start, Dr. Gruber. I’m Josh Williams and this is my son, Jessie.”
The old man smiled and shook Josh’s hand. The dry, firm grip made tears spring to Josh’s eyes. Karl Gruber winked at Jessie. “I’m real son. I’m seventy-five years old and my arthritis hurts like hell, but I’m still a long ways from being a ghost.”
Jessie beamed. “Are there any others around?!”
The old man’s gray eyes clouded for a moment, then brightened. “A few. Saw some young fool yesterday. Drunk as a skunk and yelling at the top of his lungs. I went over to him but he ran off. Someone else was busting windows down on main street. Set the alarm off in Godart’s Hardware. But by the time these old legs of mine got me there, whoever it was long gone. Heard a car go by a not long ago. Was that you?”
Jessie beamed at his father. “I told you I saw a car!”
Josh tousled his son’s blond hair. “No, sir, that wasn’t us.”
“Call me Karl, or Doc. Now, how about that coffee?”
“My pleasure,” Josh said. “Mind if Jess here has a look at your animals?”
The old man cocked his bald head to one side, reading the look in Josh’s eyes. He nodded, then turned to Jessie. “Go right in, son. I’d appreciate the help. Got five dogs and a slew of cats that need watering.”
Jessie was through the back door like a shot.
Doc Gruber turned back to Josh, his old eyes wise and knowing. “Good idea to get the lad a pet. That’s why you came here?”
Josh nodded. “We buried his mother yesterday. I thought a dog might help.”
“Hmmm,” Doc replied, filling a second cup with coffee and motioning to a chair. “I was just sitting here thinking on that when you two came by. ‘Things’ have gotten a might out of hand of late. Got any ideas?”
This struck Josh as strange. He was hoping the old man might have some kind of explanation. “You’re the doctor. I’m only a small town history teacher.”
Doc seemed to find that funny. After a cough and a spit, he explained. “Sorry, Josh. Education is a wonderful thing, its just that over the years I’ve noticed that stupidity comes in all colors and sizes. Some people never learn, no matter what we do. Pearl Harbor. Hiroshima. Nagasaki. Viet Nam. Iraq. Bosnia. Afghanistan. You’d think we’d learn, but we never do.”
Josh leaned forward. “You believe that this was done on purpose?!”
Doc sighed. “Someone sure as hell did something. Probably hit us with a whole batch of new germs. There side, our side, who the hell knows?”
They both sat there, each lost in their own thoughts. Jessie came back outside, a cat cradled to his breast, a Beagle pup at his heels. 


He was beaming from ear to ear. Sitting down on the step, the cat hissed at the dog and bounded off. The pup, its long curved tail wagging furiously, jumped up and licked his face.
“Found a friend, eh son?”, the old man asked.
Jessie’s answer came in the form of a laugh. Both men smiled. Josh swallowed the lump in his throat.
“I got his mother inside with a sore leg. The pup’s about six months now, but he’s going to be a big one. You can always tell by the paws. You’re welcome to keep him, son, both if you like. But first you check with your dad.”
Jessie’s eyes went wide. “Can we, Dad? Keep them both? I’d take good care of them, and we can’t take him away from his mother!”
His son’s innocent words hit Josh like a kick in the stomach. “We’ll take both, Jess. There’s been enough partings lately.”
Jessie, already going back inside for the pup’s mother, missed the sadness in his father’s tone. Doc Gruber however didn’t. The old man squeezed Josh’s hand. “I lost a brother in that sad joke called Viet Nam, a son in Afghanistan and a wife to cancer. Partings are terrible hard things, Josh, scaring the heart and the soul, but in time the pain recedes. We never forget, but we learn to go on. I did. You will too.”
Josh nodded out of politeness, even formed a half smile, but in his heart he ached for what once was, and it was his wife’s face that swam towards him through a watery film of tears.
***
They spent the rest of the day driving around Hawthorn, looking for more survivors. They saw some sign of looters downtown; the liquor store had been broken into and the large plate glass window in the front of Billing’s Food Mart was smashed, but they met no-one. Then, when they were heading back to Doc’s place for supper, Jessie saw someone run behind a house. It was just a quick glimpse, but Jessie thought it was a woman. They stopped to investigate. Josh honked the horn and waited. Nothing. He got out and called. Still nothing.
“That house, Jess?”, he asked, pointing to a rambling bungalow. Jessie nodded. “You stay in the van. I’ll have a look.” He was half way up the walk when the shot came. He felt the slug whiz by his head. Throwing himself on the ground, he yelled for Jessie to stay down. Touching his ear, he noticed with surprise there was blood on it. Cautiously he raised his head. “We mean you no harm! We’re friends!”
Another shot rang out. A .22 by the light sound. This time bark chipped off the tree he had rolled behind. “Shit!,” Josh swore to himself, then he was up and running for the van.
“What’s up, Dad? Why they shooting at us?!”
Josh gunned the motor and tore down the street. “Scared, probably! Or crazy! Not everyone’s going to take what happened as calmly as old Doc!” He presses his sleeve against his ear. There was little blood now, but it stung like hell.
The ride was short and silent. Josh turned onto his own street and pulled in the drive. His home of twenty-some years stood silent and empty. Now little more than a box of dead dreams.
“I thought Doc was fixing us supper?”, Jessie asked.
Josh, still frowning, nodded. “Want to pick up a few things first. You too. Change of clothes and your toothbrush. We’ll be staying the night at Doc’s.”
“Good,” Jessie said. “This place doesn’t feel like home now that Mom’s gone.”
Josh looked at his son. ‘Already adapting, he thought. Christ, to be young again!’ He followed the boy into the silent house.
While Jess was gathering his things, Josh went to the basement. Passing the washer and dryer gave him a sudden twinge and his wife’s face floated before him again. It was good they were leaving. Too many memories here, for him and for Jessie.
He went on into his workshop. Cross-country skis and old packsacks greeted him. His eyes went to his workbench, cluttered with tools. Cans of paint and half used rolls of wallpaper stuck out of the rough shelves he had made several years ago. ‘Always meant to clean this place up,’ he thought.
He looked up and found what he had really came for; two long leather cases tucked in with the Alpine skis and poles. Pulling them down, dust and cobwebs came with them. Clearing off the workbench, he laid the two objects down. His fingers trembled as he undid the zipper of the heaviest one. Half-way, his hand fell to his side.
“Jesus Christ!”, he muttered. “What the hell am I doing?!”
‘Protecting your own,’ a cold voice said. It was an ancient voice, first heard when the new upstart man discovered that a stick or a bone could be a weapon. A primeval voice; as old as the earth itself.
Josh slid the shotgun out of its case. The bare bulb overhead glared off its twin, blue-black barrel, glinted off the two open hammers, danced along the wooden stock. His father’s gun, dead now for a dozen years. And his father’s before him. Josh thumbed the breech open. There was the familiar ‘clicking’ sound. Both barrels were empty. He snapped it shut, old memories snapping into place along with it. The weight, the heft, even the smell. Josh ran his hand over the dark, walnut stock. The scratch was still there. Josh had first fired it on a duck hunt at thirteen. The recoil from the twelve gage had knocked him on his ass into the bottom of the boat. 
Young Josh quickly picked up the beautiful old gun lying in the bottom of the boat, worried that he had broken something. Right away he saw the scratch on the wooden stock.
His father had smiled, shook his head and offered his hand.
Smiling sheepishly, dripping semi-stagnant pond-water, young Josh had reached out trembling much like Adam had so very long ago. To this day he remembers the feel of his father’s strong grip --- for the touch of any god forever lingers with a person.
 Good old dad. The late, great white hunter. Kind but distant, caring but cool --- loving, but unable to allow love to show. More at ease with animals than people, at home anywhere else but home, finally finding rest in the bottom of a bottle.
But before he checked out for that great duck-hunt in the sky, he’d passed on his love of nature to his only son. Taught him the song of the silent woods, the caress found in the frosty wind and the magic of flowing water. He’d also shown him the thrill of the hunt and the trinity of the kill: a catechism that most people, even most hunters, fail to learn: elation, followed quickly by  sadness and then a kind of thankfulness towards the animal for giving up its life so that its killer may eat.
***
Josh hadn’t fired the gun since before his son was born. He’d replaced it with hiking, sailing and canoeing; a sharing of life rather than a taking. The world had slowly changed since his long ago childhood. Davy Crocket and Daniel Boon had been eclipsed by Saturday Night Live and Doctor Phil. Hell, in these days of smart phones, Facebook, video games and ‘fake news’, any concept around for more than a year or two was considered ‘ancient history’. To most people in the ‘Modern World’, the sport of hunting had gone the way of the dinosaur. Conservation, Green Peace and Save the Whales were ideals Josh himself strongly agreed with. The Hippies had long since come and gone, but their motto of ‘make love not war’ lived on --- at least on the surface. 
But now it seemed that the world had changed again, only this time not as a slow, gentle movement, spearheaded by idealistic children with flowers in their hair, but by nameless, faceless scientists working in their top-secret labs. Sudden, brutal, total change, leaving only a motherless boy and an arthritic old man --- and frightened people who shot at you when you wanted only to be their friend.
Slowly Josh unzipped the other case and stood looking down at the second relic from a bygone age --- an age suddenly coming round again. In it lay the first gun he had ever shot; a bolt action .22 target rifle. Two boxes of bullets were tucked into an inside sleeve. Aged cardboard boxes too, not the newer kind that came in see-through plastic. Josh had first begun plinking cans with this when he was what, ten or eleven? 
He zipped the lightweight little rifle back up in its leather case and began to rummage around for bullets to go with the shotgun. He found the heavy cartridge belt 12 gage shells in an old wicker picnic basket under his workbench. Its weight felt strangely familiar.
“What you doing, Dad?”
Josh turned to see Jessie standing in the doorway. Feeling suddenly guilty, he smiled sheepishly at his son. “Just checking things out, Josh. You ready to go?”
Jessie came up to stand at his father’s side. ‘Almost as tall as I am,’ Josh thought. ‘But still so young! Will he be alive this time next year? Will any of us? And if we are, at what cost?!’
“Wow! I didn’t know you had guns!”
“They were your grandfather’s. Now --- now they’re ours.”
***

Chapter 8


China Lake 
Naval Weapons Center, 
California. June 22

George ‘The Man’ Sampson stood looking down at Pussbag kneeling at Jocco’s feet, disgust warring with disbelief in his bloodshot eyes. “What’s this shit?! And where’d the woman come from?!”
Jocco graced him with smile, his gray eyes however, remained cold. “All in good time, Georgie-boy, but for now, get my new friend here a chair.”
George didn’t like taking orders, but somehow he liked even less the idea of crossing Jocco. He got the chair.
“Now,” Jocco said, motioning for Pussbag to be seated. “Explain again that part about you following me.”
Pussbag was only too willing to comply. In a muddled torrent of words he told Jocco all, including his undying allegiance to the Dark Stranger. When it was over he fell on his knees again. This time Jocco left him there.
“Christ, man!”, George swore. “The asshole’s not playing with a full deck! If you can’t see that you’re just as fucking crazy as he is!”
Suddenly George found his feet swept out from under him and a blood-covered bayonet pressed against his throat. Behind the sharp blade, Pussbag’s wild eyes glared down at him. “You will not speak that way to Him!”
George the Man all but wet his pants. “Sure thing, man! Anything you say!”
Pussbag looked up at Jocco like a Doberman waiting for its owner’s signal. Kill or set free, all on the whim of its master.
Jocco placed a hand on Pussbag’s head, patting it twice. “Let him up, friend. I believe Georgie-boy has seen the light.”
The bayonet disappeared into Pussbag’s dirty fatigues, yet his wild eyes followed George as he made his way shakily back to his bottle.
On the floor, Shirley Bates was waking up to a changed world in more ways than one. Jocco saw her wince and smiled. “Ah, the fair princess awakes. Georgie-boy, help the lady up.”
George was about to complain, but one look at Pussbag sent him scurrying over. Shirley cried out when he lifted her, then again when he tossed her on a sofa. From the other side of the room Lieutenant Pinkton watched in stunned silence as Flight Lieutenant Sam Waterson slammed his glass down and stood up. Facing Jocco, he summoned up his best officer’s voice.
“Now listen, private, this has gone far enough! As senior officer here, I’m taking command!”
Still smiling, Jocco drew his .45 and pointed it at the girl. Two shots rang out, filling the room with rolling thunder and the smell of burnt powder. Shirley pressed herself back into the sofa, screaming as she did so. A nice, round hole had magically appeared in the leather cushion on either side of her. Jocco raised the gun and locked his wrist with his free hand.
“One more word from you, ‘private’, and the next one’s between her eyes.” The smile was still on his handsome face.
Lieutenant Waterson stiffened, seemed about to respond, read the madness in Jocco’s eyes, and still glaring defiance, slowly sat back down. Pinkton, his white face having turned several shades whiter, kept his eyes riveted on the gun. Pussbag’s smiling face looked adoringly at Jocco, while George the Man giggled in the corner.
“Man oh fucking man!”, George beamed. “You sure as shit showed him!”
The .45 swung in Waterson’s direction. Jocco was still smiling. “Georgie-boy. Get the lady a drink. Several in fact. Then strip her. These two ex-officers are going tohave a little party with the princess here.”
George’s eyes widened, then a smile of his own spread over his sallow face. “Sure, Jocco! Anything you say, man!”
Jocco then turned to Pussbag. “Help the two ‘privates’ to get in the party mood, friend. Use your knife if you have to.”
Flowing like a scarecrow on ice, Pussbag glided across the room and stood behind Waterson and Pinkton. His bayonet had once again appeared in his hand. Jocco set his gun on the table and, digging in his shirt pocket, produced a small pillbox.
“Georgie. Give the lady two of these. It’ll help make her feel more romantic.”
George caught the pillbox and giggled. “Fucking-A, man! Fucking-A!”
***
Jocco woke to the sound of falling rain. Water dripped off the jagged edges of the demolished wall. Bodies lay scattered about, dissolving now in the sudden rainstorm. His .45 lay in his lap. Picking up the weapon, he rose from the plush armchair and walked to the opening. Wind gusted across the tarmac. In the east a gray stain blotted out the rising sun. It didn’t bother him though, for he had a bright, shiny plan for the future.
In a way, he had the strange, bayonet-wielding idiot to thank. The pathetic creature had given him the sinister seed from which this sudden revelation would grow. Now, looking out on the newly remodeled world, Jocco was anxious to put his plan into action. The building blocks of its creation lay scattered all about him. He breathed deep of the heady brew of expectation and took stock of his various options.
 Over two thousand souls had resided at China Lake. All but a few were dead. He had found five survivors so far. How many more could be found in an all out search? Another truth was that whatever had happened here had happened everywhere else as well. The pilot Waterson had confirmed that. The Big Bad World had suddenly just gone belly-up.
Yet somehow a few had survived. More importantly, HE had survived. Now he would gather them to him. Draw them in like fish in a net --- his net. 
Then there had been that bit about the ‘Dark Stranger’. He had liked that. Shit like that really did a number on the weak and feeble minded, a group which, in Jocco’s view, had always made up the majority of the world’s population. Now, after this strange but oh-so-welcome Big Check-Out, the ratio of idiots hadn’t seemed to have changed, only the gene-pool had gotten smaller --- one Mother-fucking hell-of-a-lot smaller!
His nimble mind still racing, Jocco reviewed last night’s ‘recruiting session’, the first, he now believed, in a long line to come. He smiled at his own play on words. The woman the crazy shit had found would continue to serve as a form of ‘initiation booth’ for his growing band of merry men. Bang her willingly or BANG! you’re dead! Sweet Christ, he even had a pilot! A most unwilling one to be sure, but something could always be worked out.
Big Bad Lieutenant Sam had been a tad reluctant to join in last night’s ‘festivities’. Even after Pussbag had cut him a few times he still refused. Only when Jocco had his loyal servant give the princess a pierced ear big enough to stick a finger through had Big Bad Sam finally relented.
As for that little prick Pinkton --- again a smile at his own play on words --- he was so bloody scared he couldn’t even get it up! Georgie-boy had helped out there, offering an empty beer bottle as a substitute. Old Four-Eyed Pinkton had accepted it gladly and started in with gusto.
Jocco saw no reason why what had worked in the past shouldn’t go on working in the future. Of course, dear Nurse Shirley Rottencrotch might give out, but then he was sure in his heart of hearts that he would eventually find a replacement.
Part A of his plan would continue; the creation of the Dark Stranger’s army. Part B would soon follow. The details were still vague, but then, hey, one step at a time. A line from some stupid old movie surfaced. ‘Step by step; inch by inch. Slowly I turned ---.’ Jocco smiled, not sure just WHAT he was turning into, but he was very anxious to find out.
‘Christ, ain’t life grand?’ The future lay before Jocco like a conquered land, an open bank vault, a willing virgin --- the possibilities were endless!
***
The roar of the big truck’s motor cut through not only the rain, but the fog in George the Man’s somewhat limited brain. Like Jocco, the Government of the State of California had made Georgie-boy an offer he couldn’t refuse: two years in the army or five in the can. Up until the day he was caught, Georgie-Porgie had been snatching what he could from the grimier streets of L.A., the ‘City of Angels’. A mugging here, a drug-deal there, here a rape, there a rape there, everywhere a rape, rape. Fortunately for him, three of the four women he had molested refused to testify, and with the one that did, the D.A. had failed to prove ‘beyond a reasonable doubt’ that Georgie-Porgie hadn’t been invited to put his pudding in her pie. He was nailed on the drug bust however, and so was given the choice of being Uncle Sam’s boy for two years or some tattooed con’s girl friend for five. Owing to his strong preference for the fairer sex, Georgie-boy chose his kindly Uncle Sam.
Excited, nervous, and still half drunk, Georgie’s mouth was running almost as fast as the truck’s motor he had just started. Unlike Jocco, however, George the Man had no idea what the fuck was going on.
“Shut up and drive,” Jocco told him. George shrugged, fumbled with the gears of the heavy troop carrier and drove out onto the airport’s landing strip. The rain had finally stopped, but puddles littered the runway like angel’s tears. Pussbag had Sam Waterson, Walter Pinkton and Shirley Bates tied up in back. Shirley, her face bruised and puffy, sat staring off into happier times.
“Where we going, Boss?”, George asked.
Jocco pointed across the runway to the long row of barracks. As the large truck approached the buildings, Jocco flipped a switch and a siren bleated out into the silent morning. George stopped the heavy vehicle and Jocco climbed up to the open command post on top. George sat waiting, a loaded AR-15 across his lap, absently rubbing his sore crotch where the stupid had bit him.
The strident sound of the siren stopped, and Jocco’s clear voice boomed from the speakers mounted on the front of the troop carrier. “Now here this. All survivors will come outside immediately. Bring no weapons. I repeat, bring no weapons. Anyone failing to report will be shot. Anyone reporting with a weapon will be shot. Move now!”
Silence.
On the hard bench in the back of the troop carrier Walter Pinkton strained to see through an open porthole what was happening. Beside him Sam Waterson sat glaring at Jocco’s back, wondering if he could throttle the bastard before that maniac behind him used his bayonet.
Jocco again spoke into the mike, his amplified voice both calm and cold. “Sergeant George. Give them a burst through the windows.”
Georgie was out of the cab in a flash, the AR-15 cradled in his arm. Flipping the switch to full rock n’ roll, he emptied a thirty round mag in a matter of seconds. The prefabricated wall of the barracks took on the texture of Swish cheese. Any glass left in the row of windows hung in long, jagged shards. Most of it lay shattered on the tarmac.
Pussbag had already moved out of the truck with what looked like scuba gear was strapped to his back. The long nozzle dripping tongues of flame however quickly dispelled any notion that he was on his way to the beach. Perhaps a weenie-roast of sorts, though such decisions now rested in the oh so competent hands of his new friend, Jocco, the Dark Stranger. Pussbag himself was but a faithful servant.
The calm, cool voice spoke again into the mike --- all the more terrifying due to its softness. “Corporal Pussbag. Prepare your flame-thrower. On my word, incinerate the building. Sergeant George, at the ready. Kill anyone you see with a weapon. Corporal, commence on my mark. Three. Two --”
“Wait a minute! Wait a fucking minute!!”, though muffled, the voice clearly came from inside the barracks. The door opened and a man came out, hands held above his head. Four more followed. The last one out was a woman. All seemed unarmed. 
Jocco nodded to Georgie, who moved forward like an eager bully, AR-15 more than ready.
“Keep your fucking hands where I can see them!”, George beamed, warming to his new-found roll. “No sudden moves! Now, advance slowly.”
All five shuffled forward, uncertainty written on their drawn faces. Ten yards from the truck Jocco had them stop. With Georgie on one side and Pussbag on the other, Jocco climbed down from the APC, his .45 held casually in his hand. Pinkton and Waterson watched silently from the back of the truck. Nurse Shirley was still hiding in the safety of the good ol’ days.
The first man to come out, a tall black wearing corporal stripes, lowered his hands and started forward. Jocco raised his gun and smiled.
“No-one told you to move, soldier. Get back in line.”
The man cocked his head, a frown creasing his dark features. “Just who the hell do you think are you anyway? You could have killed someone for real, asshole!”
Jocco wiped a grain of dust out of his eye, that terrible grin still on his face. Each word came out like polished ice. “We’re the good guys, asshole. Now, get your black ass back in line!”
The corporal grunted, turned and spoke to the others. “These clowns ain’t regular army! Are we going to stand here and let them order us around? I saw we --- ”
Jocco shot him in the back of his head. As the body collapsed, the woman screamed. The man closest to the corporal had brains spattered all over his face.
“Insubordination will not be tolerated,” Jocco said calmly. “Now, the four of you, climb into the back of the truck.”
Like swimmers struggling against the current, they moved towards the armored personal carrier. The woman’s scream had shrank to a moan. Waiting wide-eyed in the back, Walter Pinkton looked down to see that he had pissed his pants.
They found a few more survivors in the other barracks, making a total of seven men and two woman. By the time the Recruiting Ceremony was over, the number of men had dwindled back down to four. Besides the smart mouth black, Jocco had been forced to shoot two more reluctant recruits.
Jocco had refined the initiation somewhat. Not wanting dubious volunteers like Waterson, joining only to save the woman from Pussbag’s bayonet, Jocco decided to accept a man strictly on his own eagerness to participate.
The two he shot had declined the privilege.
As for Dolores Delgotto, one of the two women found wandering the base, she had had the misfortune to tick off George the Man at the high point of his evening. It seems that good old Georgie-Porgie, having had a wee bit of trouble getting his pudding in the pie, had decided to live by that wise old axiom: ; ‘You are what you eat’. Dolores, however, had been somewhat less than ecstatic about the whole thing, and so, like her predecessor before her, Shirley Bates, Deloris had chomped down a might too hard on old Georgie. The second time ends the rhyme so they say, and old Georgie had blown her brains out.
By the end of the evening’s festivities, counting himself, the Army of the Dark Stranger now numbered nine men and two women. Not exactly a ‘flowing multitude’, but then again, great things come from small beginnings.
***

Chapter 9



Hawthorn, Lake Champlain,
Upstate NY, June 24 (Day 3)

Josh and Doc sat out the back on the old vet’s porch watching Jessie play with the dogs. Princess, the mother, still favoring her back leg, ran with Jessie across the field. Her gangly pup raced around them in circles, his short tail wagging frantically. Jessie had named him Og, the nick-name his father had called him ever since he was a child.
“The dogs have taken to the lad,” Doc said. “It does my old heart good to see them run.”
Josh nodded, his own heart warmed by the sight. He stiffened as Jessie and the dogs disappeared into the forest just beyond the field. The boy was seventeen, and though still a child in many ways, Josh had taken him hiking and canoeing since he was old enough to walk. The woods were like Jessie’s second home. Josh however, now worried more about two legged beasts than four.
Doc put down his cup. “I’ve been thinking a lot about what you told the boy this morning. When you were teaching him to shoot that .22.” His lined face creased into a frown. “That part about not being able to trust strangers right off; how most you meet will still be good people, but probably scared and confused, and that scared, confused people are likely to do stupid things.” Doc took his pipe out of his pocket, filled the bowl and struck a wooden match. Josh reached for the pipe Doc had ‘loaned’ him last night. He hadn’t smoked in years, but after what they had all just been through, he thought, ‘what the hell?’
“And?”, Josh said, filling his own bowl.
Doc coughed and spit, then sat back amidst a cloud of blue-white smoke. “And you’re right. I don’t much like it, but you’re right. It’s probably why that fool took a shot at you yesterday.”
Josh shrugged, not sure just where the conversation was leading. He soon found out however.
“So,” Doc said, leaning forward through a grayish haze. “We’ve got to advertise. Let whoever is still out there know that we’re around and that we’re friendly.”
Josh grinned. “And how do we do that? We can’t exactly place an add in the paper.”
Doc winked. “No, but we can make one bloody big sign.”
Josh’s grin spread from ear to ear. “Of course! Down by the Food Mart! And outside the Sear’s store! Anyone left will probably go to one place or the other for supplies!”
Doc slapped his knee. “And we can tell them to meet at a central place, say, the town square. That’s out in the open and should be less intimidating.” The old man leaned closer. “Also, that way no one will know where we live, just in case the wrong sort shows up.”
Josh smiled and stood, calling Jessie and the dogs. All three came out of the woods on the run, the pup, Og, bringing up the rear. Soon everyone was in the van and headed downtown. Doc brought several half used cans of paint from his garage; Josh brought his father’s guns.
A little after noon they stood in the middle of Hawthorn’s main street admiring their handiwork. On the brick wall of the Food Mart was printed in large, white letters:

TO ANY SURVIVORS!
GENERAL MEETING EVERY DAY
AT NOON IN THE TOWN SQUARE.
EVERYONE WELCOME!

Similar signs had already been painted outside the Sear’s building and the hardware store.
All three were startled when Princess suddenly turned and growled. Behind them, an old woman and a girl of about fifteen stood staring at them. The woman, gray hair half covering her Asiatic features, held the girl’s hand.
“Do you think many will come?”, she quietly asked. Her voice was heavily accented, with a pleasant, sing-song quality. The girl said nothing.
Josh quickly found his own voice. “We hope so. I’m Josh Williams. Who are you?”
The old lady bowed. The girl kept her large dark eyes on the dogs. “I am Kay-loon Wang. This is my granddaughter, Mai-Ling.”


Doc made the rest of the introductions and offered the old lady a seat in the open side door of the van. She hesitated, smiled and then shuffled forward. Josh saw that she moved stiffly. Probably arthritis. The girl stayed by her side, silent and cautious. She looked to be fourteen or fifteen. Her hair was long and black and glistened like a raven’s wing.
Josh hunkered down beside her and asked it she’d like to play with the dogs. The pup Og came up and sniffed her, causing a smile to light up her face.
“Mai-Ling is mute,”, her grandmother said. “She can neither hear nor speak. Been that way since birth. But she can read lips.”
Josh was about to repeat his question, but saw there was no need; Og was already licking the girl’s face. After stocking up on food, all five of them went back to Doc’s for supper.
Later that night Doc joined Josh on the back porch. The old man had a bottle of brandy and two glasses. The stars were burning brightly in the summer sky.
“Peaceful out here, isn’t it?”, Doc said as he eased himself into a lawn chair. “My wife Martha and I used to sit and listen to the crickets. Too noisy in town she used to say.”
Josh nodded and accepted a half filled glass. The amber liquid slid down his throat like rough velvet, igniting a small, fierce fire in his stomach that made him shudder.
“Hits the spot, don’t it?”, Doc grinned.
Josh managed a nod.
The old man took a sip, then reached his pipe. “I’ve been thinking again. Old coots like me do a lot of that.”
“Keep it up,” Josh smiled. “Your sign idea was brilliant. What’s next?”
Doc leaned forward, his eyes bright. “What kind of blood type are you?”
Josh looked surprised. “Why?”
Doc grinned. “Humor me.”
“RH negative. It caused a lot of problems when my wife was pregnant with Jess. She is ---  was positive.”
“And what about the boy?”
Josh stiffened. “Same as me, negative. Why?”
Doc sat back, filled his ancient Briar and smiled. “I’m RH negative too. Out of the five of us, we know three of us have the same rare kind of blood. Now, I’m just a country vet, and an old one at that, but that seems mighty strange to me. My bet is that Mrs. Wang and her granddaughter have it too. Come morning I intend to test them both and find out.”
“Just how rare is it?”
Doc struck a match. “Somewhere around ten to fifteen percent of the population.”
Josh sat perfectly still, his glass forgotten in his hand. “You think that’s it? Whatever the hell they let loose passed us by because of our rare blood?!”
“Christ, Josh, I told you I was just a country vet. We’d need one of those big-city Harvard boys to be sure. But if I’m right, then we can look up the records at Crown Point Hospital and start phoning. Most people have those thing-a-ma-jigs that leave a message. Cell phones may not work any longer, but the old line-phones still do --- for a while at least. We can just call them up and see who’s still home.”
Josh suddenly stood up, his eyes wide. “Brad Westgate! He’s my cousin. Lives over in North Conway, New Hampshire. The two of us practically grew up together!”
“This cousin of yours have RH negative blood?”
Josh’s smile fairly lit up the night. “He sure as hell does! What’s more, at least one of his sons has it as well! Kenneth, the oldest one, born twelve hours before Jessie! One night a few years back we were hiking the Presidential Range up near Mount Washington. Brad had a beer or so too many and told me how worried he was about his wife having the baby because of it!” Still smiling, Josh rushed into the house to try and phone his cousin.
***
The next morning, June 25th, four days after Sergeant David Henderson unwittingly unleashed the worst plague in the history of mankind, Josh Williams woke up to the smell of bacon and eggs.
He’d gone to bed late and taken a long time to fall asleep. There had been no answer at Brad’s place. He’d left a message on Brad’s machine, but doubts had quickly crept in. Perhaps Doc was wrong about the RH negative blood? Perhaps it was the blood combined with something else? Perhaps now they’d never know!
When he made his way to the kitchen, Mrs. Wang met him with a smile and a bow. He returned the gestures, noticing the smell of hot bread mingled in with the bacon. Soon Doc’s rambling kitchen was filled with eager eaters.
Mrs. Wang seemed delighted with the way the three men wolfed down her food, and refused to let them help her with the dishes. “Go on,” she said in her musical voice. “You men have your work to do and I have mine. Mai-Ling can help me.”
‘So much for Woman’s Lib!’ Josh had a sneaking feeling that a lot of modern ideas would soon be going by the board. As though to confirm his thought, Jessie asked if he could have another target lesson. This time he wanted to shoot the big gun. The refrain from an old Dylan song echoed in Josh’s head.

‘Ya better start swimming’,
Or you’ll sink like a stone,
‘Cause the Times --- they are a chann-ging’!

‘Bloody right!’, he said to himself. ‘A lot of things are changing.’ Slowly, even a bit sadly, he called his son and carried the two guns out back.
***
About eleven Doc suggested they go down to the Town Square and see if their sign had worked. On the way there he told Josh he’d tested Mrs. Wang and her granddaughter and that they were both RH negative. Josh had thought about that in hopeful silence.
By quarter to twelve Doc was sitting on a park bench feeding the pigeons while Josh and Jessie watched from the shadows of the court house. They’d left the dogs at home with Mrs. Wang and Mai-Lin and brought the guns instead.
Twelve o’clock came and the clock tower atop the court house tolled out the strokes.
The ancient classic western black & white film, ‘High Noon’, flashed into Josh’s whirling brain. As a history teacher, an armature historian and a lover of ‘westerns’, Josh placed the very late but still very great Garry Cooper’s 1952 masterpiece way up there with Alan Lad’s ‘Shane’  and Clint Eastwood’s ‘Unforgiven’. 

‘I do not know what fate awaits me
, I only know I must be brave!
For I must face a man who hates me,
Or die a coward, a craven coward,
Or die a coward in my grave.’

Nothing moved in the square except the pigeons. Five minutes passed. Then ten. Josh was just about to step out of the shadows when he saw the sun strike something shiny on the far side of the square. Backing up, he handed Jessie the 12 gage and took the .22. Inwardly he cursed himself for not getting a bigger rifle. Field glasses would have helped too!
“What’s up, Dad?”
“Someone’s watching from across the square. Too far for the shotgun.”
Jessie looked at his father strangely, for the first time realizing that this wasn’t just some video game or movie. This was REAL! The flash came again, only closer this time. Whoever was over there was moving and probably armed. Jessie checked to see that the shotgun was loaded.
Then, on the far side of the square, a girl appeared. Josh could see she was in her late teens, dressed in cut-off jeans and a red halter. She flipped her long, scraggly hair over her bare shoulders, looked back into the shadows, then moved nervously forward.
“Who’s that?”, Jessie asked.
Josh silenced him with a look, then turned back to the girl. The flash of steel came again from the shadows, only closer than before. “Cautious bugger,” Josh muttered. “Using the girl as bait.” He thumbed off the safety of the .22, wishing again that it was a bigger caliber and making a mental note to visit the local sporting goods store as soon as this was over.
“Hello there, little lady,” Doc called out. “Come on over and help me feed the birds.”
The girl hesitated, glancing back once again.
Doc’s pleasant voice continued. “Might as well tell your friend back there to come on over too. There’s a nice lady cooking fresh biscuits back at my place and you’re both welcome to come along.”
The girl kept glancing from Doc to the shadows, clearly waiting for instructions. They came, but they weren’t for the girl.
“Stand up, old man, and walk over here!”
From his own position, Josh could see Doc cross his legs, take out his pipe and casually strike a match. Through the bluish haze, the old man’s words were crisp and clear.
“No sir, I don’t believe I will. I’m quite comfortable sitting here in the sun. You both can come on over, though.”
“What’s he doing, Dad?” Josh ignored his son, his eyes fastened on the shadows on the far side of the square.
“Don’t fuck with me, old man!”, the male voice yelled.
Doc continued to puff away. “I have no intention to, son. However, that invitation for hot biscuits still holds. You and the little lady are welcome, but its your decision, not mine.”
Silence, during which the girl began to shake like a deer caught in the headlights of an onrushing truck. Josh whispered in Jessie’s ear and the boy slipped silently away to the right. Then the man’s voice spoke again, harsh and cold.
“Gloria! Get your ass over there and check him out!”
The girl jerked forward. As she neared Doc, the voice came again. “Move to one side, bitch! You’re blocking my shot!”
The girl moved, and so did Josh. Stepping out so that he was still partially in the shadows, he called out loudly.
“How’s it going, Doc? The rest of the boys are getting a little restless back here!”
The girl froze a dozen steps from Doc, her eyes wide with fear.
“Don’t move, old man!”, the voice called out. The tone was higher now, scared.
Doc continued to puff away on his pipe.
“How many guns you got over there?!”, the voice demanded.
Doc smiled. “More than enough, son. But why don’t you come out and we can all shake hands. The young lady here looks a wee bit pale.”
The voice yelled back, clearly frightened now. “If you don’t shut the fuck up you’re going to be a wee bit dead!”
Josh joined in again, praying his ruse would work. “Hey Doc! Bob’s got the guy in his scope. You want him to take the shot or what?”
The girl began to whimper.
Doc’s voice now held an edge of steel in it. “I want our bashful boy here to either walk out here real friendly like or to get the hell out of our town!”
Josh smiled in spite of the fear gripping his spine. “Well friend!”, he yelled. “Which one is it going to be? Come out empty handed or take off?!”
The voice, almost a screech now, hollered back. “Eat shit and die, all of you!”
At the same time Josh yelled his son’s name. Jessie, hidden in the shadows two buildings away, pulled both triggers on his grandfather’s shotgun. The double recoil staggered him as the heavy number 4 pellets tore across the square, blowing a three foot hole in the leaves of the old maple just to the right of the person hidden in the ally. The large picture window on the second floor of the dentist’s office shattered, sending jagged shards of glass falling to the sidewalk.
Josh ran forward, yelling as he went. “Get down, Doc!” With each step he expected to feel a bullet slam into him. None came. Doc had pulled the terrified girl down behind the bench and was covering her with his body when Josh flopped down beside them. All three kept their heads lowered.
“Quick thinking for a college man,” Doc said, a wry smile on his lined face.
“Up yours, Doc.”
The sound of the 12 gage boomed out again. This time the window to the right of the dentist shattered.
Jessie called out from behind them. “I think he’s gone, Dad!”
“Stay down!”, Josh yelled.
“You are a good teacher!”, Doc grinned.
Josh didn’t answer. Instead he cautiously looked over the edge of the park bench. Nothing, except that he was kneeling in pigeon shit.
***
“He called himself The Dude. I met him two days ago. He seemed nice at first, but then he got drunk and wanted me to --- to do things.” The girl was sitting in the open door of their van, holding a cigarette in a trembling hand. “At night he’d put on dirty movies and --- you know ---”
Doc patted her hand. “Never mind now, little lady. He’s long gone, and that offer about hot biscuits still stands.”
The girl looked at him suspiciously out of the corner of her eye. Doc smiled. “I doubt Mrs. Wang and her granddaughter --- they’re the ones doing the baking --- care too much for dirty movies. Can’t say I fancy them much myself.”
A ghost of a smile flitted across her young face. She said her name was Gloria Ambrose. Four days ago she woke up to a dead house full of dead parents. She’d ran outside into a dead word. After two days of wandering around she’s met ‘The Dude’. Since then things had gone from bad to worse. Jessie, blushing in the background, introduced himself and the others, then began telling her about his dogs.
Suddenly Josh stiffened. Cocking his head to one side, he listened. The sound of a motor was now clear for all to here.
“Someone’s coming!”
Gloria’s face went pale. “It’s him! Dude!”
Josh checked the loads in the shotgun and moved to the end of the van. “The rest of you stay down!”
Jessie, clutching the .22, moved up behind his father.
The sound came from the far end of town. Watching, all four saw a battered dark green pick-up round the corner. It stopped directly opposite them in the town square. Two men were inside.
Doc touched Josh’s shoulder, making him jump. “I know that truck. Belongs to Willard Spinner.” Doc squinted through the van’s side window. “Will’s driving. Can’t see the other fellow.”
Before Josh could stop him, Doc walked around the rear of the van and towards the truck. Swearing under his breath, Josh moved around the front, both hammers of the 12 gage cocked.
“Willard!”, Doc called out, walking towards the battered pick-up. “Willard Spinner! How the hell are you?!”
The driver’s door swung open and a large, heavy set man in his late fifty’s stepped out. He was wearing dirty overalls and a baseball cap. The sleeves to his faded shirt were rolled up and one massive hand was held out in front of him.
“Doc Gruber!”, the farmer beamed. “Just the man I was hoping to see! My best heifer is having one bastard of a time! Looks like a breach to me!”
“Same as the last time, eh Will? Due next month as I recall.”
The big man nodded. “Ya, but she’s off her feed and mighty feisty.”
Josh couldn’t believe his ears. The whole bloody world had gone to hell in a hand basket, and here were these two old farts talking about some cow having trouble giving birth! He gently uncocked the shotgun and walked across the square. Willard Spinner took in both him and the gun at a glance.
“Hunting season open a bit early this year?”
Doc smiled. “This is Josh Williams. He and his son have been staying with me for the past few days. He’s a good man, just a might cautious.”
Willard nodded. “I heard the shots.”
Just then the passenger door opened and a young man, thin and sporting shoulder length blond hair, came round the truck. He waved shyly at Josh.
“Hi there, Mr. Williams. Remember me? Bobby Stewart. I was in your history class some years back. Still got the old Volks, eh?”
The boy, looking to be in his late teens or early twenty’s, held out his hand. Josh took it, feeling like he was seeing a ghost. Bobby Stewart had not been the brightest light in the class, and had quite school to pursue fame and fortune in rock n’ roll band. Bobby and his guitar had made it as far as George Phillip’s Texaco station on the edge of town. Josh wasn’t too sure about Bobby’s musical ability, but he knew first hand he was a damn fine mechanic. He’s worked on Josh’s camper several times.
“Good to see you, Bobby.” The boy’s smile widened. Doc’s expression, however, became serious. “You do know what’s happened, don’t you Willard?”
The big farmer looked puzzled, then his brow uncreased. “You mean the plague? Course I do, Doc! You know I live alone, and my place is kind of out of the way, but I met Bobby two days ago and he filled me in. Can’t get nothing but snow on the tube now. Radio’s the same. Phone still works though. Got any idea who started it?”
“Not the slightest.”, Doc said. “See anyone else out your way?”
The big farmer shook his head. “Yesterday Bobby and me went up to the big houses up in the park. You know my farm’s alongside that wildlife sanctuary up there.” He took off his grease covered cap and scrubbed his short, graying hair. “Gave me the creeping bajeezers walking around those rich fellow’s houses. All dead and dried up like last year’s leaves! The horses in the stables were fine, though they needed water and mucking out something awful.”
Bobby spoke up, looking glad to have something to say. “We took care of the animals and turned them out to pasture, then came into town and saw your sign. It is your sign, ain’t it, Mr. Williams?”
Josh nodded, not wanting to stop the flow of Bobby’s thoughts.
“Well, me and ol’ Willard here read it n’ decided to come back in today and check things out.”
“But this morning my best heifer started acting up and we’re a might late,” Willard put in. He offered a smile all round. “Glad you fellows waited.”
Josh noticed Willard was missing a front tooth.
“We did see one guy,” Bobby chuckled. “On the way in here. He was riding a chopper. Going like a bat out of hell too!”
‘The Dude,’ Josh said to himself, feeling his stomach knotting at the thought of what might have happened.
Doc invited Willard and Bobby back to his place. “After you meet Mrs. Wang and her granddaughter, Mai-Ling, I’ll take a little ride back with you to your place. Can’t let that heifer of yours bust down the barn.”
Half an hour later they were all crowded round Doc’s table eating the much discussed biscuits. The girl, Gloria Ambrose, was very pleased to see the two females. Mrs. Wang, in turn, seemed delighted to have another chick to tuck under her flour dusted wing.
***.

Chapter 10



June 25, Barstow, California, 
50 miles south of China Lake 
Naval Weapons Center.

As the armored personnel carrier pulled into the parking lot of Barstow’s Holiday Inn, its six tractor tires crunched over the remains of several bodies. A large Troop Transport and two heavy trucks followed. Swirls of dust choked the air; not all of it from blown sand.
The door of the heavy APC swung open and Jocco climbed down. In the fading light, his first conquest lay before him: Barstow, located where I-40 continues west to Bakersfield and I-15 heads south through the San Gabriel Mountains all the way to LA.
It had taken Jocco two days to find and load all the little toys he would need to implement Part B of his Grand Plan. The trucks, weapons and manpower had been the easy part; the APC however had not. At first he had wanted a tank, but Bobby-Joe Burlis, one of several other survivors that had willingly joined Jocco’s merry little band, had talked him out of it. Bobby-Joe had pointed out that they needed speed more than firepower.
“Sweet Jesus-on-a-stick!”, Bobby-Joe had drawled in his thick southern accent. “Why, you got enough ass-kick in them two trucks to start a goddamned war! Besides, a tank needs a trained crew; radar, gunner, navigation, the works.” He’d jerked a thumb back in the direction of the motley bunch they had assembled in the China Base Hanger. “Look, Jocco. I can drive just about anything with wheels, but I wouldn’t trust one of those assorted assholes near my daddy’s old tractor, let alone a fucking tank! Besides a tank is slow and gobbles gas more that a whore does dick on a Saturday night!”
So Jocco had settled for the APC. It had front and back machine guns, a 50 mm. swivel cannon turret, and was heavy enough to either push aside or plow through wrecked cars. It could also, in Bobby-Joe’s own words; “Hump along like a whore on a quart of moonshine!”
George the Man leaned out the window of the Troop Transport. “Hey, Boss. Where do you want me to park this bitch?”
Jocco’s cold smile took in the parking lot of the Holiday Inn. “Right in the front lobby, Georgie-boy. It looks like rain.”
George’s eyes widened, then a hard smile of his own lit up his pale face. “Fucking-A, man! Fucking-A!”
Moments later the high plate-glass windows shattered as Georgie - Porgie smashed his way into the lobby of Barstow’s Holiday Inn. Grinning like the savages they were fast becoming, Nathan Hight and Rege Shehe, the two other drivers Jocco had recruited, followed Georgie’s lead --- and just like that, the Dark Stranger had arrived in Barstow.


***
On a low hill near the edge of town, Manuel Estaban Gazara, called Rat by everyone but his mother, sat astride his new Honda 350. Both the dirt-bike and its rider were filthy. Rat’s long, greasy black hair was tied back by a headband as red as the numerous pimples on his sallow face. Dressed in a mixture of studded leathers and high boots, the eighteen year old looked like something out of a Mad Max movie. A Smith & Wesson .38 Special hung from a new shoulder holster. A 12 gage Defender shotgun, it’s black pistol grip sticking obscenely up out of a rifle scabbard, was strapped to the Honda’s gastank.
Rat squinted against the blowing sand as he watched the scene below him unfold. At first he thought that the Army had arrived. The idea had sent twin shivers of anger and disappointment coursing through him. Manuel the Rat liked things just fine the way they were, thank you very fucking much! Wild n’ crazy n’ free for the taking! And he sure as shit didn’t want any Law & Order types fucking things up! 
Before the Cleansing he had nothing and  he’d been nothing! A petty thief; a small time pusher; hanging out with a bunch of big-mouth Chicanos who strutted and swaggered but did dick all. But now they were gone and he was left --- and everything was his for the taking! So Rat was less than ecstatic when the four Army trucks rolled into the parking lot of Barstow’s Holiday Inn.
Then the crazy fuckers had driven right into the front lobby! The sight nearly blew his mind! Fucking glass everywhere! No regular Army pussies would do that! Rat smiled to himself and turned the ignition key. The big 350 purred like a cat about to spring. He drove down the far side of the hill, through the sand dunes and up onto the hard surface of I-15. It would be dark soon and he had a few things to do before he came back and checked out these crazy gringos.
***
Private Pamela Gliss, unafectionately known as Pam the Bitch, finished field stripping her AR-15, snapped the 30 round clip back into the magazine and worked the slide. “Lock ‘n load, boys and girls! It’s party time!” George, along with Tim Galt and Bobby-Joe Burlis, were passing a bottle back and forth and watching a porno movie on the wide screen Sony in the hotel’s lounge. A bleached blonde with jugs that made Dolly Parton look flat-chested was bending over a surprised but happy Maytag repairman. Pam the Bitch, deciding to give the boys on the couch a little show of her own, fired a triple burst from the hip. The hollow nosed slugs shattered the glass, imploding Japan’s greatest contribution to the Modern World.
“Jesus-fucking Christ, man!”, George yelled. “It was just getting to the good part!”
“Ya!”, Bobby-Joe drawled. “Ol’ Georgie-boy here was ‘bout ready to shoot his own load!”
Pam the Bitch placed the butt of her AR-15 against her crotch and rotated the barrel in a slow circle. “I just thought three big pussy-eaters like you would like a little of the real thing.”
Tim Galt, more than a little drunk, nudged Bobby-Joe. The night before Private Pamela Gliss had quite eagerly joined in the latest initiation ceremony. Undoubtedly Tim anticipated a repeat performance.
Lieutenant Sam Waterson sat on the far side of the lounge, quietly nursing a straight Vodka and contemplating murder. Nurse Shirley Bates, her ear badly infected from Pussbag’s bayonet, lay on the couch curled up in a fetal position. Walter Pinkton stood sullenly off to one side, his eyes fastened on the slowly rotating gun barrel.
Suddenly Nathan Hight, a tall, muscular black, came running in, his weapon sweeping the room. “What’s all the shooting?”
Pam turned her hard eyes on him and smiled. “Just warming up the pie, Buckwheat. Want a piece?”
Nathon’s white teeth lit up his dark face.
Things were just starting to heat up indeed when Rege Shehe and Pussbag filled the doorway. Between them was a sallow faced teenager dressed all in black leather. Pussbag’s bayonet was pressed against the youth’s throat.
“Who the fuck ya got there, Pussbag?”, George grinned. “Your new boyfriend?”
Tim Galt seemed to find the remark hilarious.
“Caught the little fucker sneaking round the trucks,” Rege said. “Calls himself Rat. Where’s Jocco?”
“Here,” answered a cool voice. Jocco walked into the lounge. He was dressed like the rest in army fatigues, only now he sported two .45’s in matching shoulder holsters and four gold stars an his collars. General Jocco Wellington turned and surveyed his troops, his cold eyes coming to rest on Pussbag.
“And what have you brought me now, friend?”
Pussbag seemed to swell with pride. “A thief, Sir!”
Rat suddenly squirmed free and stepped towards Jocco. “I’m no fucking thief, man! Not no more! I came to trade!”
Jocco’s left eyebrow rose. “Indeed? And just what, prey tell, would a daring young lad like yourself have to offer?”
Rat’s beady little eyes took on a sly look as he milked his moment in the sun for all it was worth. “People,” he said at last. “Five of them. Three men and two women. One of them’s a real fox too!”
Jocco moved closer. “Where?”
Rat’s pimply face cracked into a smile. “You let me join up with you and I’ll tell you where, only I don’t want no shit job like driving a fucking truck. I got me a good hog outside. A 350 Honda. I wanna be your point man, your scout.”
Jocco’s smile never reached his eyes. “Perhaps. Every army needs good reconnaissance. Now, where did you say these people are?”
Rat’s head came up in defiance. “First tell these ass-kissers to give me back my gun!”
Pussbag was already reaching for Rat’s hair, his long knife ready when Jocco stopped him with a look. He moved closer to Rat, putting a friendly hand on his shoulder. His voice was like a patient parent talking to a belligerent child.
“We are not a mob or some mindless group of looters; we are an army. Small, but growing quickly. I am the leader. My people treat me with a certain respect. You - will - too.”
Rat shrugged, feeling more sure of himself now, even a little cocky. “Ya, sure, General, I understand.”
“No,” Jocco said, still smiling. “I don’t think you do. But you will.” He turned to Rege. “He had a gun?”
Rege pulled the .38 Special out of his belt and handed it to Jocco. Flipping open the chamber, Jocco removed five of the six shells, closed and spun the chamber. “Twice I asked you where these people are. Twice you failed to respond.” He cocked the .38 and pressed it against Rat’s forehead. The tension in the room suddenly seemed to crackle. Shirley Bates moaned from her place on the couch. Jocco’s voice, still that of a patient parent, continued.
“Twice.”
The hammer of the revolver dry-fired. Rat’s small eyes threatened to pop out of his head. Over in the corner Walter Pinkton gasped. The .38 was cocked again, the double click sounded like nails on a chalkboard. Rat sagged and would have fallen if Rege and Pussbag hadn’t caught him. Jocco squeezed the trigger a second time and Rat’s bladder let go. The hammer fell on an empty chamber and Rat fell to his knees.
Still smiling, Jocco pointed the gun at the ceiling and pulled the trigger a third time. The sound of the explosion shattered the silence. Tossing the smoking gun at Rat’s knees he spoke again. “Where?”
“In the church!”, Rat gasped. “The big fucking church in the center of town!”
Jocco turned to Pinkton. “Take this lad into the kitchen. Get him cleaned up and then get us something to eat. As of now you’re the cook and he’s your assistant. Move.”
Pinkton jumped forward, half dragging Rat towards the kitchen. Sam Waterson started to go with them, but Jocco called him back. 
“Not you, Pilot. I still don’t trust you out of my sight.”
“Why?”, Waterson sneered. “Afraid I might fly away?”
Jocco’s handsome face broke into a grin. “Not at all. You know I’d kill Pinkton and the woman if you did.”
“Why then?”
Jocco nodded at Pam the Bitch. The butt of her AR-15 was again pressed tightly between her thighs. “Because, Sammy, the games are about to begin.”
Bobby-Joe Bemis let out a Rebel yell.
***
The next morning Rat, winding his Honda around the few cars blocking Barstow’s main street, came to stop in front of a large stone church. The APC, rumbling along behind, merely brushed the cars aside. Jocco, standing in the open the hatch of the turret, looked like a young Patton in North Africa.
“There it is, Sir!”, Rat beamed. “Just like I said!” All trace of arrogance had vanished from his voice, if not from his heart.
Jocco pressed a button inside the hatch and the turret swiveled to face the large church doors. He then spoke into a hand mike, booming out instructions for anyone inside to come out with their hands up.
Silence. The hot California sun baked down. As arranged, Pussbag and Tim Galt moved up on either side of the APC. Both carried assault rifles. Jocco fiddled with a switch and the turret gun lowered. On the small console in front of him the double doors were now lined up in the computer’s cross-hairs. He thumbed a red switch and the heavy gun spoke. The APC rocked slightly and the thick doors exploded inward. Smoke poured out of the gaping hole. Flames licked at the charred wood.
Tim Galt wiped sweat out of his eyes and ran forward, Pussbag flanking him on the right. From the cab of the Troop Transport, George the Man could be heard swearing merrily away. The rest waited anxiously.
Then someone was staggering through the smoke. A man dressed in a long robe. He held a large crucifix up in front of him as though to ward off evil. “How dare you attack the House of the Lord?”, the priest demanded, stopping in front of the APC. “The Day Of Judgment is at hand! Repent, ye sinners! Repent!”
Jocco smiled down at the red faced priest. “All in good time, Father, all in good time. But first, send out the people hiding inside your church.”
The priest’s face took on a look of righteous indignation. “They have been given sanctuary! God has laid His hand on them! He has chosen us all to await His coming!”
Jocco’s smile slipped slightly. “Your waiting is over, Father. This side of the grave I’m the closest thing to God you’re likely to find. Now, do you send them out or do I send my men in?”
The priest kissed the crucifix and held it up like a shield. “The devil will claim thee for this sacrilege!”
A flicker of a smile flashed in his cold eyes. “Too late, Father. He already has.” Jocco then nodded towards the church. Tim and Pussbag ran inside. Billy-Joe and Pam the Bitch came up to stand beside the priest. 



A moment later there came the muffled sound of gunfire. A woman screamed and kept on screaming. The priest hugged his crucifix, muttering in Latin. Suddenly the screaming stopped. 
Moments dragged by. Then a man and two women came through the smoking doorway. The man was clutching his arm. Blood flowed freely. One of the women was carrying a baby. The other woman was slim, pretty, with long blonde hair. Tim and Pussbag followed.
The priest looked up at Jocco. “What will you do with them?”
Jocco’s gaze lingered on the distant mountains. “Your God took away their lives, Father. I intend to give them back.”
The priest’s brow creased. “At what price? Their freedom? Their dignity?”
Jocco turned his handsome face on the priest and smiled. A fire seemed to dance within his cold eyes. “Their souls.”
The priest’s own eyes widened. Terror coursed through his frail body. Having neither eaten or slept since God cleansed the earth, he now existed in a permanent state of vibrating grace. Reality competed with Divine Revelation and was rapidly loosing ground.
“Antichrist!”, he hissed, raising the heavy crucifix to strike at Jocco’s gloating face. The blow, however, never fell, for Pam the Bitch yanked his head back and Pussbag cut his throat.
***

Chapter 11



Mount Hawthorn
Lake Champlain, NY
June 25 (Day 4

By now their number had grown to nine, the latest being Eddy Hascomb, a shy, friendly carpenter from a little village called Moriah about ten miles west of Hawthorn. Eddy had been waiting for them the day after they found Gloria, Willard and Bobby. Apparently Eddy had been Moriah’s only known survivor. With both the TV and radio no longer broadcasting, he’d simply picked out a brand new Chevy camper, stocked it with supplies and headed on down the road. Until he had seen the sign outside the Food Mart, he’d thought he was the only person left in the world. Needless to say, he was more than happy to join their little band.
Hearing Eddy’s story made Josh think of his cousin. The thought that Brad and his son may still be alive ate away at him. He had phoned twice more, always getting the same recorded message. On the seventh day after the Change, Josh decided he could wait no longer. He was going to see for himself.
“Well,” Doc said, after Josh had told him of his plan. “If you must go, at least take one or two of the men along with you. New Hampshire is still two states away and God knows what trouble you may run into on your own.”
“He won’t be on his own, Doc,” Jessie put in. “The dog’s and I are going with him.”
Doc scratched his bald head, searching for the right words. They were sitting on the back porch. From inside the house Mrs. Wang could be heard humming some Oriental ditty. It had a dreamy, almost sad sound to it.
“That’s fine, Jess. You and the dogs will be good company for your Dad, but I’ve seen you drive, and even though I’m not expecting any letters, I was rather fond of my mailbox.”
Jessie blushed, hearing again the crunching sound when he had flattened Doc’s mailbox the day before. To cover his embarrassment, he tried a little humor of his own. “I can drive forward okay, Doc; it’s just the backing up I need to work on. But I know what you mean. Dad would be too nervous to rest much with me behind the wheel. But what about Bobby? And he’s a mechanic. Or that new guy, Eddy.” Jess turned to his father.” When you and Eddy were talking last night I heard him say he liked deer hunting. At least he can handle a gun.”
Josh, who had been sitting quietly, suddenly felt a stab of fear. How casually the boy had mentioned the need for someone who could use a weapon. As though this was the Wild West! Then he sighed, remembering the bullet that nicked his ear and Gloria’s friend Dude. As a teacher, he of all people should know that the young adapt much quicker than the old. After just a week Jessie had already formed new ties, new bonds, new people and things to care about. Oh, the old ones would live on within him, but the human heart has an infinite capacity for love, and youth live always in the present, while older people tended to dwell on the past. Especially History teachers.
“Let’s go ask Bobby,” Josh said. “He’s down at the Texaco changing the oil in the Westfalia. I guess he’s already getting a little bored.”
“And the new guy, Eddy?”
“OK partner,” Josh laughed. “I’ll ask him too. Right now I think he’s up at Willard’s farm helping out with the animals. We’ll see him at supper time.”
***
“Count me in,” Eddy said, passing a steaming plate of roast beef on down the table. “New Hampshire’s a real pretty place. I went hunting there a few times with my brothers. Lot of moose over that way.”
“Black bears too!”, Bobby Stewart added. “Last summer me and some of the guys went camping there. You know, looking for chicks and stuff. Well, we were swimming in this river right inside the campground, and what do I see looking at me from the far bank? A big old momma bear and her cub!”
Jessie grinned, eager to join in. “Once we were in a campsite near Lake Placid. I was on my way to the --- ” He saw Mai-Ling watching his lips and blushed. “To wash my hands, when I saw a big black bear sitting in the middle of the path! My Mom got all excited, but we just slowly backed away. Dad says its the best thing to do.”
“Your father’s right, Jess,” Eddy agreed. “Bears usually won’t bother you if you don’t bother them. Most animals are like that. It’s people you really have to worry about.”
The talk continued for some time, stories swapped and stories stretched. Bobby was only twenty and Eddy, though somewhere in his mid forties, had that little boyishness about him that kids take to. Soon the discussion swung round to the trip to New Hampshire.
Josh smiled to himself. This little expedition to North Conway might not be a bad idea after all. Everyone was excited about the project and he was beginning to feel a little like Lewis and Clark himself, with a good deal of Bilbo Baggins thrown in. Sitting there in Doc’s crowded kitchen eating cakes, pouring over maps and talking about a ‘grand adventure’, he felt his own blood quicken. They might not meet any angry Wood Elves or ferocious dragons, but, like Bilbo, Josh knew that danger lay at every turn of the path.
Part of the old poem by Tolkien came back to him.

‘The Road goes ever on and on,
Down from the door where it began.
Now far ahead the Road has gone,
And I must follow if I can.
Until it joins some larger way,
And whither then? I cannot say.’

Just like it had with those fictional Hobbits, a shudder ran down Josh’s spine. He had often read that magical little tale to Jessie at bedtime, and of course, just about everyone in the world had seen the movies. He’d even found a way to include the book in his English classes. It seemed strange now to be somehow living it.
“Dad? Dad! Are you OK?” Jessie’s voice was tight with worry.
Josh smiled and reached for his pipe; since ‘the end of the world’ he had taken up the old, comforting habit again. (Another Bilbo illusion?) “I’m fine, Jess. Just thinking of what we’ll need for the trip.”
Jessie’s eyes twinkled. “Well, Eddy was saying that if we’re going to go as far as New Hampshire, why not make a big circle and see who else we can find? We might even go south into Main! You know, where you and Mom go every summer! The Yorks, where that big salt-water candy store is! And that gigantic camping place at Kittery!”
Josh laughed. “Christmas in July, eh? I remember last summer how you wanted that hand crossbow.”
“Ya,”, Jessie grinned. “Mom thought it’d be too dangerous; but now --- ” His excitement suddenly trailed off as the reality of the situation struck home. Now Mom would never again gently remind him to be careful. Never again would she be there to worry and fuss and do all those little things that silently show a mother’s love for her child. Mom was gone, like every one else he had ever known. Suddenly he was running from the crowded table. Josh started to rise, but Doc shook his head.
“He’s still in shock, Josh. The young push it aside; not like adults, who worry over it like an old hound with a bone. Talk to him later tonight. Tuck him in like you used to. He’ll like that. But right now he needs to be alone.”
Bobby Stewart, much closer to Jessie’s age than Josh’s, nodded agreement. “Doc’s right, Mr. Williams. Jessie needs time to sort it all out.” Bobby looked about the room, then continued, haltingly at first, but as the pent-up emotion poured out, so did the words. “Last week when I woke up and found my old man had turned into a pile of dirty gray ashes, I pushed the tears away. My mom’s been gone for years now and me and my old man never got along too well. He never liked me playing in a band. Always after me to ‘get a real job’.” Bobby’s voice sank to a whisper. “I hated him for that. Hated him for his drinking too.”
Mrs. Wang, hovering in the background, came over and placed her small work-worn hand on Bobby’s shoulder. Bobby squeezed it. Off to one side Gloria, her hands soapy with dish suds, wiped a tear from her own eye.
Bobby continued. “Today, when I was changing the oil on your van, I started crying. Crying like a baby!” His brimming eyes sought Josh. “We’d argued again. My dad and me. The night before ‘it’ happened. I --- I told him I how I felt. It all just sort of came out, all the years of being frightened and ashamed. And then --- . ”
Bobby’s voice cracked and he began to sob. Mrs. Wang held him tight. Gloria came and, kneeling down, placed her head on his shoulder. Eddy cleared his throat and left the room. Josh turned towards the porch, seeking his son. With mild surprise he saw the mute girl Mai-Ling slide out the back door. She moved like a gentle shadow towards Jesse’s darker one at the far end of the porch.
Slowly Josh sat back down and took out his pipe.
***
The next day, on the morning of June 26th, they were ready. Bobby and Eddy had tuned up the vans and made sure the motor and winches on the old fashioned Texaco’s tow-truck were in good working order. They even washed it, so that now it looked like a shiny red apple sitting in the sun. The truck had been Doc’s idea, in case they ran into cars blocking the road.
“Don’t look for us before the end of July,”, Josh said.
They were all gathered in front of Doc’s small house.
“We’ll be fine,” Doc smiled. “The girls and Mrs. Wang will keep Willard and I well fed and hopping! Gloria’s got a list of RH negative people from the clinic’s files, and I’ll get more from Crown Point General. Since we found out that both Eddy and Gloria are A B negative, we could have a whole slew of people here when you get back!”
Josh smiled. “I hope to bring some back with us as well.” His Cousin Brad flashed in his mind. “This old place probably won’t hold us all.”
Doc scratched his bare head. “Willard and I’ve been thinking on that. Willard said we’re all welcome up at his farm. I’m going to take Mrs. Wang up there this afternoon and see what she thinks. Hell, we might even move into one of those fancy estates up in the park! They’re close to Willard’s and right on the lakes. Then I could go fishing every day and let these pretty young girls do all the work!”
Willard snorted. “Fat chance there, Doc. Besides, I need someone to help me swill the hogs!”
They all laughed and then climbed into their vehicles. Josh, Jessie and the two dogs in the old white van, Eddy in his new Chevy camper and Bobby in the tow-truck. Good-byes were said and horns honked and soon the little caravan was on its way. Just as they were pulling out of the drive Gloria ran up and squeezed Bobby’s hand through the open window. Josh saw Jessie wave hesitantly to Mai-Ling. Pretty and silent, she shyly returned the wave, her long, glossy hair flowing about her like a dark waterfall.
***
Their first stop was Crown Point. Though they kept an eye out for other survivors, they saw none. Someone had passed through though, for the large grocery store had been broken into. Josh kept his father’s shotgun close at hand as they loaded up with food and drink. Eddy had his old deer rifle.
Their next stop was the Crown Point Mall. Since the doors were locked, they had to break in. Josh felt like a thief as he used the butt of his shotgun to shatter the heavy glass. The screaming of the alarm bell did nothing to ease his mind, and he waited anxiously for several long minutes while Eddy found the alarm switch. Once inside, they took a large shopping cart, went to Wal-Mart and loaded up on flashlights, extra batteries and a few ‘goodies’ for the road.
Eddy got a whole box of long range walkie-talkies. Jessie found the latest version of whatever portable video game player was popular and a dozen new games. Bobby headed for the music store. Josh told him to meet them at the Friar Tuck’s Books in half an hour.
Once inside the book store, each of the three sought out their own special interests. Eddy leafed through fishing and hunting books. Jessie picked up several graphic novels, then turned his attention to Sports Illustrated’s Swimsuit Calendar. Josh browsed alongside Eddy in the sports section, looking at books on canoeing and backpacking. He chose the Farmers Almanac and a Rand McNally Road Atlas, then wandered over to check out the novels. His eye caught a hardcover copy of ‘Lord of the Rings’. He also added a new copy of ‘Lonesome Dove’, one of his all-time favorite westerns. Though he’d ready both of them several times, he tucked them under his arm anyway --- a part of him both feared and was excited by the thought that such dangerous yet exciting times had seemingly come round again.
***
Eddy was already waiting for them at the main door. When Josh called him, Jessie fumbled the glossy calendar back onto the shelf and joined them. Bobby came along a moment later, a expensive looking guitar case in each hand and a smile a mile wide. He handed one to Jessie.
“You said you wanted to learn how to play. Well, I got us two of the best. A Gibson Special and a Rickenbacker 12 sting! Each one costs well over two grand!”
Josh smiled. “No big amp, Bobby?”
Bobby’s grin widened. “Hey, Mr. Williams. Give me a break. I’m no Einstein, but even I know that the power’s not going to last for long. Maybe a month or two, maybe longer, but sooner or later the motors are going to burn our. I can’t fix them. Nobody can.” He held up the thick guitar case. “So from now on its acoustic all the way! You know, all those old guys you liked way back when --- Eric Clapton Unplugged, Bob Dylan, Cat Stevens, maybe even a little Beatles!”
Josh chuckled. “Groovy.”
Their last stop before leaving Crown Point was at Bertha’s Bait & Gun, a large sporting goods store at the southern end of hundred mile long Lake Champlain. Josh wanted them to have the best in camping equipment, clothing, footgear --- and weapons.
When they arrived they found that, like the grocery store, someone had been there before them. The front door was shattered and broken glass lay on the sidewalk. After they entered, they saw that not only had someone been there before them, they had done a fair job of wrecking the place. Clothes, fishing gear, sleeping bags had been scattered about. Whole display cases had been tipped over. From the holes in various walls, a number of shots had been fired at random.
Then Bobby found the dead body. Tripped over it really. It was a middle aged male with the top of his head blown off. No papery wasp’s nest here, but real blood, brains and bone. From the look of the body it hadn’t happened more than a few hours ago. A revolver lay at his side.
“Why?” The question came from Jessie.
Josh turned his son and walked him stiffly away while Eddy covered the remains. The four of them stood in a tight circle. The large room had suddenly turned sinister. Ring Wraiths seemed to lurk in the shadows, their red eyes glowing; the renegade half-breed Blue Duck watched them from atop a distant hill.
Josh felt like a fool. Here he was, the oldest, supposedly ‘the leader’, and what had he been doing? Treating this all like some bloody shopping spree! Toying with computers and leafing through books on fantasy while just around the corner some poor, deranged soul had blown his bloody brains out!
He turned away and suddenly slammed his fist down on a counter. The glass shattered, cutting his wrist on a jagged edge. 
Blood flowed.
Jessie cried out, then grabbed his father’s hand. Their eyes met. “Please, Dad. We’ve got to hold on. Or we’ll end up like --- like ---.” His gaze flicked back to the body sprawled on the floor.
Josh pulled his son to him, feeling the young muscles quivering with strain. “I will, Jess!”, he whispered fiercely. Still clasping Jessie to him, spoke to the others.
“I’m sorry. I was stupid.” Holding up his bleeding hand, he continued. “Not just for this. But before. Letting us all walk around like there was nothing to worry about! That poor fool back there could have been waiting for us! Killed one, two, maybe all of us before shooting himself!”
Jessie looked up, tears in his eyes. “It’s not your fault, Dad. You can’t blame yourself because the whole world’s gone crazy!”
“The boy’s right, Josh,” Eddy put in quietly. “I’ve only known you a few days, but Doc, he told me you might try and take too much on yourself. All of us have to learn to be more careful, not just you, and from now on we will.”
Bobby nodded. “Eddy’s taking straight, Mr. Williams! All of us have to pull our own weight, not just you!”
Josh sighed, attempting a smile. “Okay guys, but from now on we’ve all got to be a hell of a lot more careful.”
Eddy reached down and picked up a first aid kit from the floor. “Let’s start with fixing that hand of yours.”
This time Josh’s smile was heart-felt. He was beginning to take a great liking to Eddy Hascomb.
***
From then on they were serious --- deadly serious. Finding the body had driven home the need for caution in a way that little else could. Josh and Jessie selected the camping gear and brought it to the door, while Bobby stowed it away and Eddy stood guard outside. No-one wanted any more little surprises. Even the weapons they chose in pairs, one group always outside with the vans.
Jessie stopped off at the archery department while Josh went on into the gun section. Despite what he’d said earlier, Josh couldn’t help but feel like he was acting out some B rated ‘action’ movie. With the rifles and shotguns he had little problem. Having hunted with his father since early childhood, he knew what to look for; a bolt action .22 and a 12 gage Browning pump for himself and a 20 gage of the same model for Jessie. Remembering the incident with Gloria and the Dude, he picked a Remington .303 bolt action with a telescopic for long range shooting. Then, on an impulse, he grabbed a 30-30 Winchester with an enlarged circular lever action, just like the kind John Wayne used in most of his westerns. (So much for suppressing the ‘little boy in a candy store’ feeling!) He got several boxes of shells for each and placed them all in a large shopping cart.
The hand guns however, presented several problems.
Though most of the cases had been smashed, there were still plenty to choose from. To him they all looked like a bunch of dangerous toys, made for just one purpose: killing other human beings. He wasn’t sure he wanted that for his son, living out his whole life with one of those obscenities strapped to his side. This Brave New World that had suddenly been thrust on them had a very dark side.
Another problem was he’d never actually fired a handgun before. Oh, he’d seen hundreds used in movies and on TV. and he’d seen all the Clint Eastwood spaghetti westerns and Dirty Harry flicks. He even knew some of the names: Colt 45, Baretta, .357 Magnum, Glock .9 mm, but the thought of actually using one against another person made him shudder.
Then he caught sight of the body laying on the far side of the store. In this world suddenly gone mad, that could just as easily be one of them. Might yet be them. Might be Jessie. A weapon, a handgun, could save him.
Grabbing a box full of ski mitts, he dumped them on the floor and began scooping the remaining handguns into it. Tossing the box into the cart, he pushed his small arsenal towards the door.
“Let’s go, Jess!”
Jessie heard the anger in his father’s voice and hurried after him. It wasn’t until Josh was outside that he realized he hadn’t brought any bullets. Swearing under his breath, he dug in his pocket for his pipe.
“Holy cow, Mr. Williams!”, Bobby said, eyeing the laden cart. “Leave any for us?”
Josh turned a frown on Bobby that he hadn’t seen for years. All of a sudden he was back in the tenth grade, caught trying to look up a girl’s skirt instead of a Shakespeare reference.
“Go get what you want, Bobby. The place is full of the damn things!”
Bobby backed away, not wanting to press his luck. Eddy strolled over and smiled.
“I forgot to get shells,” Josh said, though his eyes said something else altogether.
Eddy nodded. “The boys and I’ll get them. A couple of boxes of everything should do it?”
Josh grinned, Eddy’s little joke having broken the tension. 
Eddy chuckled as he followed the others back into Le Baron.
Ten minutes later they were back. Eddy had a heavy cardboard box. A scooped rifle was slung over one shoulder, along with several cartridge belts. Besides boxes of various shells, both boys carried short, powerful composite bows and quivers stuffed with arrows. Jessie was beaming.
“It’s only fair, Dad. Bobby teaches me to play the guitar and I teach him to use a bow.” Jessie then handed his father a bag. “I found something real special for you as well. Go on, have a look!”
Inside Josh found a knife. Not just any knife, but a Japanese Tanto. Black handle and scabbard, the blade seven inches of razor sharp steel. He’d wanted one ever since reading Shogun years ago. Both had watched it together on his new big flat screen just last year.
“I got one too!”, Jessie smiled. “A matched set, only mine’s a bit smaller. You like it?”
Josh felt suddenly both very proud and very relieved. Here he’d been worrying that his son might turn into some weird Rambo-Dirty Harry-Terminator clone, when all Jessie really wanted to be was a noble Samurai protecting his clan. 
Josh stood and bowed theatrically. Words from the Clavell masterpiece came rushing back. “Domo, Jessie-san.”
Jessie, grinning through his fake frown, bowed in return. “Domo arigoto, Father-sama!”
“Hey, you two Kung-Foos!”, Bobby said through a smile of his own. “Let’s get going.”
***
Twenty minutes later they crossed over the Chimney Point Bridge and entered Vermont. Only Josh took the time to glance back over his shoulder as they drove over the steel arch. There, nestled amongst the trees and jutting outcrops of shale, the crumbling remains of Fort Frederick waited by the blue waters of the lake. Built by the French in the 1730’s and destroyed by the British three decades later, the crumbling ruins silently called to him of a much more savage time, a time when redcoated British and haughty French fought over the very land they now lived on, both sides paying painted savages to bring back their enemy’s scalps. A dangerous time: savage, deadly, cruel --- a time that seemed to be fast approaching again!
***

Chapter 12



North Conway
New Hampshire
June 29(Day 8)

Josh’s cousin, Brad Westgate, sat in the dark watching his sleeping son. Light from the full moon filtered in the open window, making the youth’s brown hair shine softly. He reached out and gently touched the boy, an act of both love and reassurance. After so much death, he wanted to be sure life was still there.
Brad sat back and shivered. His son lived, yet part of him still feared that some horrible metamorphosis would take place and turn what was healthy and alive into the dried-up thing he had woken up beside nearly a week ago. That thing had been his wife. A smaller version had awaited him in his daughter’s room. Brad had started screaming then.
For the first few days he had stumbled around in a trance, pushing the horror away, shoving it into some deep, dark corner of his mind and slamming the door. It had been a week now and he still couldn’t get over the fact that the others were gone. His wife, his daughter, the town --- the whole bloody world!
But they weren’t all gone. 
Most, but not all. Besides Kenneth and himself there were four others left in town. 
Over the past week they had gathered together at the Regis Inn, a small hotel in the center of town. Bert Laxtrom the town barber, a local farmer named Earl Swanson, Wilma Sawyer who’s husband owned the Regis and a teenager named Tina Keller who’d had a summer job with the North Conway Parks Department. Six people out of well over two thousand!
He’d heard about a few others. Bert Laxtrom had seen a car speeding through town. Earl Swanson had found his neighbor Albert Ruttle hanging by his neck in his barn. Tina had found a small child wandering around outside MacDonald’s. By the time she’d come across Wilma at the Regis Inn, the child was running a high fever. Despite all that the two women did, the child was dead by morning. At least the body hadn’t dried up and blown away. They’d buried it out back of the inn. Tina hadn’t talked much since.
No other townspeople had turned up --- but six strangers had. Four men and two women on five motorcycles. All of them appeared to be life-long bikers. The leader had long stringy hair and a thick, graying  beard and cold, killer’s eyes.
***
His sleeveless jean-jacket said Snake and he had the tattoos on his massive arms to prove it. He was in his early forties but the eyes were old --- as old as sin.
Rings, the woman who rode behind him, looked like an anorexic Madonna. Her stringy blonde hair, (brown at the roots), was long on one side and shaved on the other. Every part of her emaciated body that wasn’t encased in leather glittered with bracelets, rings, chains and other gaudy bobbles, including a diamond stud in her left nostril and enough rings in her pierced ears to burn out the motor on a metal detector.
The other woman was something else altogether. They called her ‘Flame due both to her hot temper and her long, thick red mane flowed that out behind her. In her high cut jean shorts and back, shit-kicker boots, she looked like a sexy female wrestler turned hooker.



The fourth one was called Blade. Tall, thin and dressed all in black, he looked as deadly as his name.
The next biker was even bigger than Snake. His large head was shaved and the name Bull was tattooed on his massive biceps.
The last member they called Runt. Hardly five feet tall, he wore thick glasses and a leather jacket several sizes too large over a Hawaiian shirt that hurt the eyes.
Snake and his gang had ridden into town and taken what they wanted. With a large pistol thrust into his belt and a baseball bat in his hand, Snake and his grinning followers had looted up and down North Conway’s main drag. Food, clothes, booze, whatever caught their eye. Runt seemed to know all about what goodies the local pharmacy could produce. When last seen they had been partying in the park and seemed in no great hurry to leave.
Brad however wanted them gone. He’d seen the look of contempt Snake had shown Earl Swanson when the old farmer had asked him to stop destroying public property. He’d seen the way his son Kenneth had stiffened when they had laughed at their suggestion that they leave town. He’d seen too the way Snake had looked at the young girl Tina.
Trouble was brewing. Before long it would overflow into violence. More deaths would follow. ‘Christ, hadn’t there been enough?!’
The problem was what to do about it? As he sat watching his son sleep, Brad’s numbed mind ticked off the possibilities. Ask them to leave; but they’d already refused. Order them to leave? That meant being willing and able to back up their words with actions. There was no police, no State Troopers. You could still call 911 but no-one answered. And they were armed. A picture of the large gun thrust into Snake’s belt flashed before him. Blade carried several knives and the woman Flame wore a shoulder holster. As for Bull, he himself looked like three hundred pounds of pure weapon!
A soft knock came at the door. Startled, Brad left the bedroom and went into the main room. Each of them had taken over a suit in the Regis Inn. Glancing at his watch he saw that it was nearly dawn.
“Brad, it’s me, Earl.”
Cautiously Brad opened the door. Earl Swanson stood in the hall. Bert Laxtrom was with him, standing nervously behind in the shadows. Bert’s red hair, usually so meticulously combed, was all askew. Bert looked frightened, but Earl looked pissed off.
“What is it?”
Earl came in and Bert followed. “We saw your light was on,”, Bert whispered. “We’ve got to talk.”
“About what?”
“What the hell do you think?”, Earl snapped. “About that bag of shit Snake and the others, that’s what!”
Brad glanced back at the bedroom. “Keep your voice down. I don’t want to wake the boy.”
Earl sighed. “Then let’s go down to the kitchen. I could use some coffee.”
Minutes later they were sitting around the inn’s large table. Wilma was there with the coffee ready.
“Well, Brad” Earl said. “Let’s hear it?”
Brad told them what he had been thinking just before their visit. Bert looked more nervous than ever. Earl took out a battered pouch and began rolling a cigarette.
“So it comes down to one of two things,”, he said, licking the thin paper with a deft pass of his tongue. “We either put up with whatever shit they sling our way or we kill them.”
 “Kill them?!”, Bert repeated, looking over sharply at the older man. “Who said anything about killing?”
Earl lit a kitchen match with his thumbnail. “I don’t like it any better than you, Bert, but I don’t see no other way.”
Wilma came and joined them, the overhead lights reflecting the streaks of gray in her hair. “It may not come to that,” she said. “They may just move on.”
Earl shook his head. “Wolves don’t move on. Not while there’s easy pickings.”
Brad looked at the solid, old farmer, his heart pounding in his chest. “Snake’s the real threat. Without him the others might leave.”
Earl took a long drag on his cigarette. “Then we kill him first.”
Bert stood up. “I don’t want any part of it! There’s been enough death! Wilma’s right. They’ll get bored soon and leave. All we have to do is wait.”
Surprisingly it was Wilma who spoke up. “Wait for what, Bert? For that pig to take an interest in Tina? You all saw how he was looking at her. I’m no centerfold, but I guess his kind would get around to me as well. Then there’s Kenneth.”
Brad stiffened at that. “What about Kenneth?!”
Wilma reached over and took his hand. Her eyes were warm yet deadly serious. “I don’t know, Brad. Maybe he’d just try and make the boy join him.”
“Kenneth wouldn’t ---”
Wilma nodded. “We all know that. But what would happen when he refused?”
“Wait a minute,” Bert cut in. “We’re all jumping at shadows here! So far all they’ve done is break a few windows, take a few things and ignore us when we asked them to leave.”
“I didn’t hear you saying nothing,” Earl growled. “It was me and Brad here that spoke up.”
Bert, flushing as red as his hair, seemed about to reply when Tina stepped out from the shadows. 
Her large brown eyes and pretty features were drawn with worry. Though she had been hired by the Parks Department for her vigor and outgoing personality, she now looked like a frightened deer. Wilma believed Tina still blamed herself for the death of the child that she’d found just after the world went mad.
She began to speak, her voice an urgent whisper. “Snake --- he’ll kill us all. I’ve seen it in his eyes. The way he moves, the way he treats that girl Rings. We’re all just things to him, things to be used and tossed away!” 
Tina’s voice then became deadly calm, which made what she said next all the more frightening. “He has to die --- and we have to do it.”
Earl tossed his cigarette into the inn’s fireplace and stood up. “I’ve got a couple of guns back at my farm. I’ll leave now and be back before they wake up.”
Both Wilma and Bert looked towards Brad, seeking reassurance. He couldn’t give them what they wanted, run the risk of leaving his son Kenneth alone in this world gone mad --- yet he couldn’t let Snake just have his way. Gulping air, Brad made his decision  “Get your guns, Earl. I’ve got an old 16 gage, though I haven’t fired the damn thing in years.”
Wilma attempted a smile. “Maybe you won’t have to. Maybe when they see us armed they’ll leave.” No-one however, believed that, not even Wilma.
***
Snake woke up with one hell of a headache. He was in the Gazebo in the park. Rings was curled up beside him, her skinny ass hanging out of the sleeping bag. Whatever that little shit Rat had given him last night, it’d sent him clear into fucking orbit! He remembered going to MacDonalds. They’d gotten the burners going and cooked up a mess of half-frozen burgers. Rings had fucked up the fries and he’d hit her. Then they’d gone to the park and started drinking. He remembered making a fire. Flame had laughed and danced around it. Then the pills had kicked in and everything became a blur. He vaguely recalled Rings going down on him, then the bitch had passed out. Snake looked down at the thin form beside him. Too damned skinny. He preferred his women with some meat on them. Like Flame, but that tough bitch wouldn’t let him touch her. Saved it all for the cold fish Blade. She’d pulled a knife on him when he tried a few days ago and threatened to cut off his balls. Now his foggy brain turned to the dark haired girl staying with the hayseeds back in town. Today he intended to get a closer look. A whole lot closer!
He turned and slapped Rings’ bare buttocks. “Get the fuck off me!”
The girl crawled to her feet, looking for her clothes. From the back she looked like something out of Biafra, all skin and bone. Snake got up and relieved himself in one corner of the Gazebo, all the while thinking of the dark haired girl with the big eyes. Some of it splashed on Bull’s sleeping form. By the time he was finished he’d made up his mind. Walking over to where Runt lay, Snake kicked him awake.
“Move your ass, Dick-Head!”
The bundle in the sleeping bag squirmed around then was still. Snake kicked again, this time harder. The bundle groaned.
“Get the fuck up and wake the others! I got a score to settle with these country hicks!” 
Snake hadn’t liked the way two of them had told him to move on. The old bastard had done most of the talking, but the other one had stood there right by his side. Snake probably could have wasted them both, but something had held him back. Today however would be different. He’d take them out one at a time. Either the old farmer or the quiet guy, whoever came first. The little faggot with the red hair would be no trouble. That would leave the older woman, the kid and the girl. 
He smiled to himself, watching Rings squeeze into her jeans. He’d give the skinny bitch to Runt. The older woman could ride with Bull. That left the boy. Shit, who knows? The kid might even want to tag along. Snake sure as hell could use someone to watch his back, especially with all the heavy shit that had gone down in the last week!
Snake didn’t like to think too much about that. Someone or something had caused a major fuck-up. The mother of all fuck-ups! Pigs, civvies, brothers; everyone wasted! Last week he’d been at a Bikers Rally up at St. Johnsbury, Vermont. Over five hundred brothers. When he woke up they were all fucking dead. All except Rings, and Bull. They’d come across Blade and that mean bitch Flame a day later. They’d all gotten stoned and stayed stoned for several days, then headed south on I-93. He’d picked up Runt in a shit-horse town called Littleton, then took the 302 through Crawford’s Notch and ended up in this little burg. He planned to continue on down to the Big Apple, picking up any other brothers he found along the way. Then head south to Florida, maybe even LA. Big plans.
But first he had a few things to do around here. He pulled out his heavy Ruger Super Redhawk. He’d had the .44 Magnum for a couple of years now. Used it for two hits. It had a 9.5 inch barrel that kicked like a bastard and made one fucking big hole on the way out, as the Farmer and the Quiet Man were about to discover first hand! 
Shoving the gun back in his belt, he made a mental note to pick something up for Runt. The others were already armed. The hardware at the edge of town might have a shotgun or something. Snake doubted Runt could use a widow-maker like his, but a scattergun should do the trick. Maybe he’d get himself one as well. Saw off the stock and barrel. You never could tell about these fucking hayseeds.
The others were moving now. Rings was up and digging in a packsack for something to eat. It amazed him how such a skinny bitch could always be so fucking hungry. He yelled at Runt to go round them up some food, then called Rings over to him. 
Sighing heavily, Rings moved slowly towards the heavy biker. Life for her had always been a bitch and the end of the fucking world certainly hadn’t helped any.
***
By nine o’clock all six survivors were gathered in the large kitchen of the Regis Inn. On the table were four guns; Brad’s single shot 16 gage, a double barreled 12 gage and a .303 deer rifle Earl had brought from his farm. In a wooden cigar box lay a five shot .22 pistol Wilma’s husband had kept around for protection. Four guns against a possible six. Brad tried to tell himself that they were really only after one man, but it didn’t help.
All six stood there in silence, each one lost in their own thoughts. Kenneth kept glancing at his father. Brad had explained that they intended to force Snake and the others to leave.
“But what if they don’t leave?”, the boy had asked.
Brad had sighed, placing a hand on his son’s shoulders. “Then we make them.”
Kenneth had remained silent at that, though his worried look spoke volumes.
Now, standing around the table, Earl picked up the .303 and began sliding long copper bullets into a slot. After three he worked the bolt, checked that the safety was on, then slid in one more. “I’ll use this. It pulls a might to the left.” His eyes were like blue chips of ice.
The barber, Bert Laxtrom, his red hair still far from neat, looked from Brad to Wilma. “You know this is wrong. Someone’s going to get seriously hurt.”
Wilma took the small pistol out of the box. “I never liked guns. I told my husband to get rid of it. Now I’m glad he didn’t.” She looked at Earl. “How do you work this damn thing?”
Bert let out a little moan.
After Earl had showed Wilma, he turned to Brad. “You want to use your own or mine?”
Brad picked up the double barrel. “Yours. I might need two shots.”
He broke open the heavy gun, put two shells in and closed it with a snap. Checking that the safety was on, he cradled the weapon in his arm and shoved more shells in his pocket.
Earl held out the single shot to Bert. “You want this or should I give it to the boy?”
Slowly, like he was handling a live cobra, Bert took the weapon. His voice was little more than a whisper. “I’ve never shot a gun before. You’ll have to ---”
“Christ!”, Earl grumbled. “What the hell am I, North Conway’s Militia Instructor? Give me that bloody thing!”
Ten minutes later they heard the sound of approaching motorcycles.
“Remember,” Earl said. “Don’t bunch up. Snake’s the one we want, and if we stay far apart we’ll be smaller targets. Wilma, you stay here with the young’ns. Us three will step out and tell him to get his ugly ass out of town.”
Brad nodded to his son, who stood close to Tina. Both had found rather large kitchen knives. The three men went out into the street.
As planned, Brad crossed over to the far side, Bert stayed close to the inn and Earl waited in the middle of the two lanes. The five cycles had stopped about two hundred yards up the street, their angry motors roaring out a warning. Suddenly North Conway had turned into Dodge City, with Earl looking like a bearded Marshal Dillon come out of retirement for one last showdown.

‘Well the stage was set, the sun was sinkin' low down,
As they came to town to face, another showdown.
The lawmen cleared the people from the streets.
All you blood-thirsty bystanders, better try to find a seat!’

(The Eagles ‘Desperado’ album, 1973)
***
‘Christ, this looks like the shoot-out at the O.K. Corral!’ Brad thought, half expected to see Wyatt Earp swagger out, tossing the tail of his black frock coat clear of his Buntline Special.
Westerns had been very big back when he and Josh had been kids together. Gunsmoke, Maverick, Have Gun Will Travel. Right now, however, he himself felt about a hundred years old. Thumbing off the safety, he glanced over at the inn. Bert was still fidgeting around looking for a place to hide, while Earl stood like an unmovable mountain in the center of main street. A curtain moved in one of the inn’s front windows. 
Then the roaring reached his ears. Looking up Brad saw the motorcycles racing towards Earl. Time seemed to slow down as the bikes sped up. All five riders seemed to have their weapons drawn. Apparently Snake wasn’t in a very talkative mood, for he began firing from way over a hundred yards away. Too far for even his large pistol, but then Snake didn’t really seem like the patient type.
Out of the corner of his eye Brad saw Earl raise his .303 and fire back. The bikes raced on. One or two of the other riders were shooting as well. The air seemed alive with the gunfire. Suddenly Bull’s chopper swerved out of control. Clearing the sidewalk, Bull and his bike smashed through the large plate glass of The Gap’s display window. Blade and Flame continued to returned fire. Fifty yards now and closing. 
As Earl calmly worked the bolt on his rifle, Brad saw him suddenly spin around and go down on one knee.
It was then that Brad raised his own gun. Less than thirty yards separated him from the speeding bikes. The sight between the double barrels centered on Snake. Runt’s cycle was almost alongside. Sweat trickled into Brad’s eye. He willed it away and squeezed both triggers. The double explosion rocked him back. He caught himself in time to see Runt knocked off his bike. The bleeding body rolled on the pavement as the motorcycle tore off to the right and slammed into a parked car. A spark must have touched off the gastank, for first the bike, then the car, exploded. Twin fireballs erupted, sending jagged pieces of hot metal flying through the air. One of them nicked Brad’s thigh, but he hardly noticed it. Fumbling shells into his gun, he watched as Snake and the other two bore down on Earl.
Snake had two more rounds in his Magnum. At a distance of twenty feet he pumped both of them into the kneeling farmer. Earl’s body was punched backwards. Spread-eagle on the center line, Snake’s Harley passed over him. There was a crunching sound as first the front wheel, then the back, pulverized the farmer’s head. Snake continued on another fifty yards before bringing his bike to a screeching halt. Blade and Flame followed. In the middle of the road Snake slowly began to reload his Magnum, a triumphant smile on his cruel face.
Brad felt as tough he was caught up in a dream, some terrible nightmare that just wouldn’t give up. Dodge City had turned into Little Big Horn, and the Indians were still coming over the bloody hill!
“Dad!”, a far way voice called. “Run Dad! Run!!”
Looking up Brad saw Kenneth on the front porch of the inn. Wilma and Tina stood beside him. The older woman was yelling something at Bert, who stood trembling like a poplar in the wind. Then Tina ran out into the street. Kneeling by Earl’s shattered body, she picked up his rifle and, after fumbling with the bolt, fired at Snake’s distant form. The bullet went wide, but the sound of heavy gun was enough to get Brad moving. Racing across the street, he pulled Tina with him and they both ran for the inn. Behind them they heard the roar of Snake’s motor. A bullet smashed the glass of the inn door. Another splintered the railing as they climbed the porch steps.
Then Wilma was beside him. Her little .22 coughed several times. 
Brad pushed Kenneth through the open doorway, then shoved Tina after him. Snake roared by, his Magnum spitting out death. The other two were right behind. Bert, trying to crowd through, pushed Wilma back towards the street where a bullet struck her in the forehead, spraying blood and brains all over the frightened barber. Both fell through the open doorway, Wilma’s dead weight pinning Bert to the floor. Brad fired from the bottom step just as Snake swerved behind a parked Toyota. One blast shattered the side window, the other blew out the Toyota’s rear tire. The three cycles continued on out of sight.
“Bastards!”, Brad hissed as he fumbled two more shells into the old 12 gage. 
Tina came up beside him. Brad saw blood trickling down from a graze on her cheek. “You’re shot!”, he heard himself say.
Tina looked surprised, then pressed a trembling hand to the side of her head. It came away red. “That’s funny. I don’t feel a thing.” Then she saw blood on Brad’s thigh. “Your leg!”
“What? Oh, it’s nothing.” He motioned towards the inn. They had to step over Wilma’s body to get in the door. Bert was nowhere to be seen. Kenneth met them holding Brad’s old shotgun.
“Have --- have they gone, Dad?”, Kenneth asked, his voice trembling as much as his hands.
“It looks that way, son,” Brad said. “For now at least.”
“Maybe ---  maybe their gone for good --- ”, Kenneth whispered.
“They’ll be back,” Tina added quietly, still holding the dead farmer’s rifle. “Scum like that always come back.”
She was right of course.
***

Chapter 13



Lincoln New Hampshire
June 28 (Day 7)

The sun was setting when the strange little caravan pulled into the town of Lincoln, New Hampshire. It had taken them nearly two days to cover the two hundred miles from Mount Hawthorn. Under normal conditions it could have been done in less than four hours. Conditions, however, were anything but normal.
The biggest problem was the highways. Traffic jams and car crashes made the larger roads all but impassable. Forced to take the back roads, they had wound their way across Vermont’s Green Mountains and into New Hampshire’s White’s. Even on these little used roads they had been forced several times to either turn around or use the tow-truck to haul wrecks out of the way.
Then there had been the road block. 
South of Montpelier, near the little village of Trow Hill, they had come across what looked like another jumble of wrecks. A Winnebago was angled in between two smashed cars. Leaving the two dogs in the van, Josh and Jessie had gotten out to look things over. As they approached, two men with rifles had stepped out from behind the wrecks. One seemed no older than Jessie.
“Freeze, assholes!”, the younger man had yelled. He wore a leather jacket over a pink neon T-shirt that hurt the eyes. Tight jeans, fancy cowboy boots and slicked back hair completed the picture. An image of his teen-age hero, the ‘Fonz’, flashed through Josh’s mind, though Arthur Fonzerelli had never had to resort to using semi-automatic weapons and wouldn’t have been caught dead in a pink t-shirt!.
“Tell those shitheads with ya to stay put!”, the Fonz ordered.
Part of Josh was waiting for the ‘Yo!’, while another part wanted to give the snot-nosed little punk a detention!
The other man, a dead ringer for the star of ‘Mister Roger’s Neighborhood’, took a long pull on a nearly empty bottle of Popov Vodka, following it up with a none too steady step forward. “Gat’ny fee-males widjya?”
Jessie looked at his father and shrugged. Josh shook his head. “We’re just four men who want to move on, friend. We don’t want any trouble.”
The Fonz giggled, raising his semi-automatic. “But ya got it, aint ya Pops? Just like that stupid bastard over there. He tried to hold out on us too!” The barrel of Fonzie’s weapon pointed at the side of the road.
That was when Josh saw the body. It had been partially hidden behind some bushes. 
Cursing himself for being caught off guard, Josh glanced back at the others. The tow-truck was several yards behind the Westfalia. Josh could see Bobby sitting white-knuckled behind the wheel. Eddy’s van was out of view somewhere further back.
Fonzie called out to the Winnebago. “Hank! Get yer lazy ass out here!”
The door opened and a woman was pushed out. She wore a spiked dog collar around her neck and nothing else. A long leash trailed back to the door of the RV. Another man stood there, the leash in one hand, a large revolver in the other.
“Tie the bitch up ‘n search their vans!”, Fonzie ordered. His cold smile turned back towards Josh. “It could be these fellas are tryin’ to hold out on us!”
 Hank looped the leash around the front bumper and strolled over to Josh’s Westfalia. As he passed, he gave Jessie a shove. Grinning, he pulled open the side door --- and was met by two growling dogs. Princess lunged at him and Hank jumped back. The handgun began to rise. Just then Eddy’s shot took him in the left leg. The slug from the powerful deer rifle struck the kneecap, tearing half the leg off as it exited. Hank screamed and spun around, the revolver flying from his hand.
Suddenly Bobby pulled the tow-truck out of line and began speeding directly towards the two riflemen. At the same time Eddy, laying on the ground at the rear of his camper, fired again. The bullet whizzed by Fonzie’s ear and exploded Mister Roger’s bottle of Popov, taking a finger or two with it’s passing. The two men, their well laid plans having suddenly gone awry, broke and ran. Within seconds they had vanished in the greenery. Sounds of their flight quickly faded. As Bobby slammed on the brakes, the tow-truck fishtailed around and clipped the end of a smashed Datson. Dust and bits of shattered tail-light flew though the air.
As quickly as it had begun, the violence was over. The challenge, the dogs, Eddy’s two shots, all of it. Josh found himself holding his breath. ‘Another close one! How many more before one of us gets hurt or killed?!’
“What do we do with this one?”, Eddy asked. He was standing beside the downed man. Princess was leaning over Hank, still growling. The pup, Og, excited by the smell of blood, was running around its mother.
Josh came over and looked down at the wreathing form. “See if you can stop that bleeding. I’ll check on the woman.” Walking over to the naked form cowering by the road, Josh set Jessie and Bobby to watch that the other two didn’t return. Both young men took their rifles placed themselves at both ends of their little caravan. Josh found a blanket just inside the Winnebago and handed it to the woman. 
She shrank back, her dark rimmed eyes wide with fear. Clearly Hank and his two partners had abused her terribly. There were bruises and scratches all over her body, a purple bruise on her cheek and her lip was bleeding. Josh untied the leash and stepped back. The woman, her glance darting from him to the still groaning Hank, snatched the blanket and bolted for the trees. Josh called for her to stop, but she ran like a frightened deer. Within seconds she too was gone.
“Jesus Christ!”, Eddy swore. “What do we do now? Go after her?”
Josh sighed. “It’s too dangerous. Those others could be waiting out there.”
Eddy frowned, but said nothing. They both walked back to the wounded man. Several yards away the heavy pistol lay on the ground. Josh picked it up and pointed it at Hank.
“Why?”
Sitting in the dirt, pressing a rag against the large gash in his leg, Hank spoke through clenched teeth.
“Why the fuck not? Just wanted a little fun.” His expression changed slightly. “You gunna shoot me now?”
Josh looked at the revolver, unaware he was still holding it. He tossed it aside and called the boys. They came quickly. Jessie looked down at Hank, then turned away. By now Hank was sitting in a puddle of his own blood.
“We’re leaving,” Josh announced.
Bobby’s eyes widened. “But, Mr. Williams; what about him? And the woman might come back.”
Josh turned towards his former student. “So might those other two. We can’t risk it.”
“Dad,” Jessie said, nodding towards Hank. “If we leave him --- he’ll die.”
Josh turned back to his son, but when he spoke it was to all of them. Jessie hardly recognized his father’s voice. “He’s as good as dead already. Look at him. He’s bleeding to death. We can’t help him. I’m not sure I would even if I could. He and his friends have killed that man over there and probably would have killed us. As for the woman, she’s beyond anyone’s help. Now let’s go.”
As they moved away, Eddy touched Josh’s arm. Their eyes met. “You want me to put him down? End it?”
Josh frowned. “You could do that?”
Eddy shrugged. “I started it. I should finish it.”
Josh shook his head. “You saved our lives, Eddy, but you didn’t start this. Leave him.”
Eddy sighed. “Old Doc was right again.”
“What does that mean?”
Eddy attempted a smile. “Doc said that down deep you had a tough streak in you. Not mean, but tough.”
“Did the good doctor have any other sage advice?” There was more than a touch of sarcasm in Josh’s voice.
“Ya,”, Eddy grinned. “When you used your ‘teacher’s voice’, I should watch my ass.”
“Hey man,” Hank growled. “How about putting a bullet in my brain! The pain’s a real fucker!”
Josh’s smile vanished. He pointed at the revolver lying several yards away. “You want to end it, friend? Do us all a favor. Crawl over and do it yourself.”
As they drove away, Hank’s curses followed them.
***
All that had happened yesterday afternoon. They spent that night in the Woodsville United Church’s parking lot. There had been little conversation. Josh had heard a car race by in the middle of the night, but decided not to mention it. In the morning they continued eastward on 112. Someone took a shot at them when they stopped for gas in North Woodstock. The bullet went wide, ricocheting off the brick wall. They didn’t hang around to investigate but continued on to Lincoln, arriving just as the sun was setting.
“Not much sense in pressing on,” Eddy had said as they filled up at a gas station that also had food. Jess and Bobby were inside turning on the pumps and stocking up on supplies and cold drinks. “Be better to arrive in daylight.”
Though he was anxious to push on, Josh had agreed. North Conway was still fifty some miles away, and to get there they had to drive the Kancamagus Highway. The ‘Kank’ as the locals called it, was a winding, steep road that crossed the Pendergrass Wilderness, one of the most breathtaking and remote places in the White Mountains. Josh had traveled it many times, but never at night. With possible rockslides and wrecks waiting round every twist and turn, Josh knew it was more prudent to wait until daylight.
Jess came out with a bag full of Cokes and a six-pack of beer. Smiling, he handed his father a beautiful hand carved pipe.
 “Found this inside, Dad,” he said. “If you’re going to smoke, you may as well have a nice one.” Josh smiled, shaking his head. The pipe was beautifully made. Doc Gruber’s old ‘loaner’ was still in his pocket. He’d given up smoking years ago. Now it didn’t seem to matter so much. He gave his son a hug. It still seemed strange to him to just help yourself to things. Both Jess and Bobby obviously had no such problems. Josh noticed that Bobby had a Playboy tucked under his arm. Eddy met his stare and grinned.
“Boys will be boys, Josh.”
“Ya. Let’s get moving. We can spend the night in a campground just up the road. There’s a cold stream running through it. The ‘boys’ can cool off a bit.”
***


“Come on in, Dad!”
Jessie, water dripping from his lean body, waved through the golden morning sunlight and plunged into the rushing water. Bobby was thrashing about, joyously fighting the current. Josh and Eddy watched from the far bank. Bobby let the current carry him back into the green pool nature had sculptured from the earth’s crust.
“Well,” Eddy said. “How about it? It’s still early.”
Josh smiled. “What the hell? I could use a bath. But one of us stays here with a rifle --- I’ll not be caught off guard again. I’ll take your place in a couple of minutes.”
Less than an hour later, bathed and dressed in clean clothes, they were on their way across the Kank. A little before noon on the 29th of June they entered North Conway --- greeted by the sound of gunfire.
***
Brad Westgate looked around the inn. Wilma’s body, now covered with a blanket, lay on the floor near the old piano. A large red stain was slowly spreading out from one end. Tina, crouched by a front window, waiting others with Earl’s deer rifle to get a clear shot at Snake and the others. Earl himself still lay out in the street.
Brad turned to his son. Kenneth, clutching the old shotgun, crouched beside him, his back pressed to the wall. The boy’s eyes were frightened and wild. Brad placed his hand on the boy’s shoulder and moved his gaze to Bert, huddled into a corner of the dining area. Looking at the nervous, rumpled wreck of a man, Brad was hard pressed to remember the fastidious, prissy barber he had known for years. Brad had never really liked Bert, but until today had never really known why.
Suddenly another shot smashed through one of the inn’s front windows and on into the back wall. What glass was left tinkled to the carpet. A second shot slammed into the heavy door. Blade and Flame had apparently found themselves rifles, probably from the hardware store. Those and the heavy Magnum shells were taking their toll; the inside of the thick door was splintered in over a dozen places. Once it no longer held, Snake and his followers could walk right in.
***
It was nearly noon. For over two hours now Snake and the others had been sitting in the pub across the street, occasionally firing at the inn between their own shots of booze. Brad had thought about slipping out the back door, but had found Rings and a very battered and bloody Bull waiting out there. Bull had a shotgun and two boxes of 12 gage slugs that he’d fire at the door whenever the urge struck him --- which seemed quite often.
***
Brad was toying with the idea of waiting for dark, then slipping out a window, but the thought of playing hero with a real-life killers turned his blood to water. All they could do for now was wait. Perhaps Tina would get a clear shot.
“Someone’s coming!”, the girl called.
Cautiously looking out one of the front windows, Brad couldn’t believe his eyes. There, coming down the main street, were two vans and a tow-truck! And the leading van, a white Westfalia, looked exactly like his cousin’s! ‘No! It couldn’t be! Impossible! But ---’
“Holy Christ! It IS Josh!”he yelled. Snatching up Earl’s shotgun, he ran for the front door. “Tina! Ken! Start shooting at the pub! Keep them pinned down! I’ve got to warn him!”
Charging out the door, he ran for the cover of a parked Toyota. Behind him came the crack of Tina’s .303. The boom of the old 16 gage followed. Brad cut loose with the 12 gage; first the right barrel, then he second. Few of the pub’s windows were left intact. Up ahead the vans slowed, then pulled to one side. The tow-truck followed. Men were getting out. Armed men. Brad recognized his cousin. Joy mixed with fear coursed through him.
“Get down, Josh!”, he bellowed. “For Christ sake get down!”
Behind him Tina and Kenneth continued to blast away at the pub. Despite this, the front door opened and Snake ran out; a bottle in one hand and his gun in the other. He took one look at the four armed men, fired three quick shots, then ran back in. Tina’s shot clipped him in the ear.
Brad darted across the street, calling as he went. “Josh! Thank Christ you’re alive!”
Josh grabbed his cousin and pulled him back behind the vans. “What the hell’s going on?!”
As Brad was telling them about Snake, the sound of motorcycles reached them.
“It’s coming from behind the pub!”, Bobby said. “You want us to take a look?”
“No!”, Josh said. “Just stay ready. They might come this way.”
But Snake wasn’t that drunk. He and the other two emerged a hundred yards up the street. Flame’s red hair could be seen as her streaked across the road, apparently on her way to get Rings and Bull. From behind the cover of parked cars, Snake and Blade laid down a continuous fire. Eddy and Bobby shot back, but neither side did any real damage. Then Flame was back. Bull had Rings behind him on his own bike. Snake appeared astride his Harley, fired a few parting shots, then roared off. The rest followed.
Moments later Kenneth, Tina and a sheepish looking Bert came over to join the newcomers. Introductions were made and the cousins, both young and old, were soon eagerly swapping adventures. Tina, however, kept watching for Snake’s return, Earl’s deer rifle at the ready.
A little later they buried Earl and Wilma in the garden out behind the inn and began making plans for the future.
***

Chapter 14



Franconia Notch
New Hampshire, June 29t

They left North Conway that afternoon. Josh took Brad and Tina in his Westfalia; Jessie, Kenneth and the dogs climbed in Eddy’s van and Bert went with Bobby in the tow-truck. All were glad to leave, especially since Snake and his group might return at any moment.
The violent deaths of Wilma and Earl had shaken them all. Brad’s son, Kenneth, seemed the most upset. Young as he was, Jesse saw this and looked for a way to get his cousin’s mind off the killings. On the way back over the Kank he asked his father to stop for a swim in the rapids. Though all were anxious to put as much distance between Snake and his bikers as they could, the swim had relieved the tension and the cold, rushing water had renewed more than their bodies. While Jessie and Kenneth splashed about with the dogs, Bobby had hovered around Tina, playing his guitar and trying to make her smile. Eddy had done his best to draw Bert into a conversation, but the fastidious little barber had seemed sullen and withdrawn. Josh and Brad, sitting on the bank, had quietly shared a beer along with their sorrows, hopes and fears. After a while they shared the silence, which, when done between old friends, can be the best sharing of all.
Suddenly Josh reached for the Winchester. The rifle had become his constant companion for what seemed strangely like forever.
“What’s the matter?”, Brad demanded.
“I thought I saw something over in those trees.”
Brad picked up Earl’s 12 gage and began scanning the woods along the side of the road. Josh worked the lever on his 30.30 and moved behind a large boulder.
“It’s probably nothing, Brad, but let’s get everyone back to the vans.”
Within minutes the three vehicles were again winding their way westward over the Kank. They passed several campsites on the way; The Covered Bridge, Jigger Johnsons, Five Rocks, finally stopping by late afternoon at the one they’d stayed in the night before.
Hancock’s Campground was just three miles east of Lincoln. The long entrance led them down to another rushing river far from the road. 
While supper simmered on the camp stove, Josh proposed a hike for the next day up 5,000 foot plus Mount Lafayette. He realized they all needed something to take their minds of the horror and death all around them. Pushing their bodies to the limit, Josh knew from experience, could do that far better than silent brooding on the long drive back to Hawthorn. All but Bert were enthusiastic. What with the excited talk, the distance from the road and the fast flowing river, none of them heard sound of the motorcycles racing by.
The next morning they stopped at Lincoln, stocked up on supplies and hiking gear and headed north up I-93 to Franconia Notch State Park. The ‘Notch’, famous for its profile of ‘The Old Man’, a strange natural rock formation that had collapsed just after the turn of the century, though still immortalized on the state’s license plates, was a four mile long winding gash in the White Mountains. Steep, 4,000 foot plus cliffs dropped down to the tree-covered, narrow valley. Now, a day after leaving North Conway, they were settled in at the large Ranger Station at the entrance to Lafayette Campground, anxiously planning the next day’s adventure.
Not that it needed much planning, for Josh, Brad and the two boys had been up it close to a dozen times. It was a long loop, going up one trail, along the narrow, windswept Franconia Ridge for two miles, then down another trail to the place they started. Nearly ten miles altogether. Doable in eight hours if they pushed it and days if they took their time. No one seemed in a rush. Tina and the boys said they were ready to stay out a week. 
Josh, Brad and Eddy now sat in front of the large stone fireplace pouring over trail maps. The four younger members of the group were outside with the dogs. Bert sat off by himself, chain-smoking and nursing a beer.
Eddy seemed fascinated by the White Mountain’s Hut System. “You mean that they’ve got cabins all along these ridges?”



Josh and Brad smiled at each other, recognizing ‘Ridgewalker Mania’ when they saw it. Once up above the treeline, the ridges all connected. Huts, or cabins, equipped with propane kitchens, solar heaters and row upon row of bunk beds, linked the ridges every eight to ten miles. A person could walk for weeks on end and never drop below 4000 feet. Or, if they wanted, they could take a side trail down to a three-sided lean-to nestled in the pines beside a clear tarn or a tumbling waterfall.
“Christ!”, Eddy said, pointing at a notation on the back of a map. “There’s a trail that goes from Canada to damn near Florida!”
Josh nudged Brad and lit his pipe. “That’s the Long Trail. It goes from Georgia to Vermont, branching off a hundred miles south of here to the even higher Appalachian Trail, which goes north-east up into Main. We’ll be walking part of that tomorrow. One of the highest parts.”
Eddy grinned like a kid. Bert, sitting off by himself, grunted. Brad turned to face the sour little man. “I’ve told you, Bert, you don’t have to come. You can stay right here. We’ll be back in two or three days.”
“Ya? And what if you aren’t?”, Bert replied, his voice high and petulant. “What if you decide to stay up in these bloody mountains for a week? Maybe two! What about me?! Sitting down here all alone! What if those bikers come back?!”
“Come with us then,” Eddy joined in. Bert was proving to be a real pain in the ass, but Eddy had decided to give the guy one more chance. He walked over and placed a hand on Bert’s skinny shoulder. “It’ll be great, Bert. All that fresh air. Dipping in the streams, fishing for trout. ‘Living off the land’ and all that shit! Come on; what do you say?”
Bert shrugged Eddy’s hand away. “I say it’s stupid. Brad’s cousin says there’s a whole lot of people back where he came from. I say we head there and stop screwing around in these bloody mountains. I never did like them, anyway!”
Eddy smiled. “Why the hell were you living in a place like North Conway then? Jesus, man, there’s not much there BUT mountains!”
Bert looked surly. “It was my wife’s idea. She grew up there. Liked the ‘simple life’. Me, I think it sucks!”
Josh put down his pipe. When he spoke Eddy noticed Josh was using what Doc had called his ‘teacher’s voice’. “You have three choices, Bert. Come with us; wait for us here; or go on ahead to Hawthorn on your own.”
Bert looked shocked. “Me? Go off alone? But what about the wrecks in the road and those men who stopped you?”
Josh shrugged. “I’m just making your options clear. The five of us are looking forward to this little adventure. Obviously you aren’t. Fine. The people of Hawthorn will be glad to see you.”
Now Bert looked hurt. “Are you trying get rid of me?”
Josh slowly stood up. He made no move toward Bert, but still the man stepped back. “Because you’re Brad’s friend you’re welcome to stay with us.”
A sly expression suddenly came over Bert. “And if I wasn’t ‘Brad’s friend’?”
Josh smiled. “Then I’d kick your wining ass out the door.”
***
“Hey, Snake,” Flame said. “What the fuck they doing now?”
Snake ignored her and continued to watch the cabin through his powerful binoculars. He had plans for each and every one of them. Big plans. Especially for the dark haired bitch with the nice jugs. 
Yesterday he’d watched from afar as they headed south out of North Conway. Following at a safe distance, he’d caught sight of the tow-truck turning east on the Kank. Again he and his group had followed. They’d nearly road right past them when the smart-assed pricks had stopped for a swim! Snake and the other three had quietly moved up on foot. The sight of two men sitting on the bank with rifles however, had changed his mind. Cursing, he’d backed off, planning to catch them later that night when they were sleeping.
But the crafty buggers had slipped away a second time! Again Snake had followed, but by the time they reached the town of Lincoln they had lost them.
“Shit, Snake!”, Bull had exclaimed. “They got three ways to go! North or south on 93 or east on the 116! We aint never gunna catch ‘em now!”
Snake had shoved his long barreled Red Hawk in Bull’s face. “Shut the fuck up! I’ll find those goddamned cock-suckers if I have to drive all over these fucking mountains to do it! No one --- NO ONE makes a fool out of me!”
“Ya,” Flame had whispered to Blade. “He does just fine all by himself.”
 


They’d then broken into a fancy hotel that catered to skiers. Snake had ordered the two women to find something to eat while Bull played bartender. The food had been cold, but the whiskey had gone down like fire. Soon all were more than half in the bag. Snake, aided by his secret stash of pills graciously supplied by the late but far from great, Runt, was not only ‘in the bag’, but well on his way to blowing the end out of it, not to mention a few more quad-zillion brain cells. Blade had fired up the bar’s sound system and Rings and Flame started dancing. Snake sat back and observed through a growing chemically induced haze.
Flame had bumped and ground her way over to Blade. Her green eyes flashing, her long hair a fiery halo, she leaned forward. Thinking of Tina, Snake had yelled at Rings to follow him into the back room.
Late next morning, his head pounding along with the bike’s powerful engine, Snake sat astride his Harley at the edge of Lincoln. ‘Which fucking way, he asked himself? East to Vermont? South to the Lakes District? North to the mountains?’
Decisions, decisions. Snake had never been very good at making decisions. Always before he just sort of let things happen --- and beat the shit out of anyone that got in his way. Now, since his bike was already facing north, he mouthed the ever-popular witticism for which his brethren were so famous. ‘Fuck it!’ This done, Snake gleefully kicked his Harley into gear and tore off up I-93. Blade, Flame and Bull had followed, with Rings holding on to Bull like a skinny primate clinging to mama’s broad, hairy back.
***
Now, an hour after casting his fate to the wind, Snake lay on a hill watching the shit-for-brains hillbillies. He was feeling quite proud of himself. The stupid hayseeds were playing house right below him! Their two vans and tow-truck were parked on the far side of a large log cabin. Smoke was coming from the chimney. Off to the side two kids were farting around with bows and arrows. Pair of dogs were with them. Up on the front porch some guy with long hair was playing a guitar. The chick with the nice tits was sitting close beside him.
‘Too fucking close!’, Snake cursed to himself. ‘Sitting there singing goddamned love songs to my woman!’ A cold smile crossed his greasy features. ‘He’ll be singing a different fucking tune when I’m finished with him! I’ll shove that guitar so far up the little shit’s ass he’ll have to open his mouth for the sound to come out!’ Pleased with his great wit, Snake settled in to watch his prey. He didn’t want the fuckers slipping away a third time!
He’d already sent Bull and Rings back to the little peckerwood town for food, beer and camping shit. He’d also told Bull to boost some wheels so Rings could follow him back with the gear. Rings couldn’t handle a hog, but she could manage a car or truck as long as it wasn’t a standard.
‘Stupid bitch can’t blow that!’, Snake reasoned. Then doubt began to creep in. Rings had been fucking up a lot lately. ‘Come to think of it, blowing things was the only thing she WAS good at!’ Snake was chuckling away at his little joke when Flame flopped down beside him. Wearing skin-tight jeans and an open leather vest, the sexy bitch was enough to break any man’s concentration! Reaching for the glasses, a large swell of a bare breast pressed against his shoulder. Growling, he pulled the glasses away.
Flame was just back from a little belly bumping action of her own. There was a fast flowing stream back where they’d parked their bikes and Flame had wanted to go for a swim. As usual, Blade had stayed with her.
From his vantage-point on the hill, Snake had watched through his binoculars as she and Blade had gone at it on the grassy bank. Sitting astride the prone biker, the magnified view of her breasts bouncing back and forth had given Snake a tremendous boner.
“Well?”, Flame demanded, kneeling beside him, using her T-shirt to dry her flat stomach. The leather vest she was wearing barely covered her upper body. “You going to take them out or what?”
Snake knew what she was doing, for even his limited brain caught the double meaning behind her words. But Blade was standing right behind her, silent and deadly as ever, and Blade was one fucker Snake didn’t want on his bad side. Especially not now with the fucking hayseeds right below him!
He handed her the glasses. Tossing the shirt away, she lifted them to her eyes. The vest parted and Snake sucked in his breath. Flame smiled knowingly.
“Great view, eh?”
“Ya, real nice!”, Snake growled, his eyes devouring her. “But they’re too fucking hard to get at!”
Flame’s green eyes twinkled wickedly. “Oh, I don’t know,” she said, taking a deep breath. “Blade can handle them just fine. But then, you’ve already seen that, haven’t you, Snake?”
Lust raged with anger inside his brain, coursing through him like a line of coke. Anger won. He slapped Flame and sent her sprawling. Suddenly a knife was at his throat.
“Back off, Snake,” Blade hissed. “We both know she’s a cock-teaser. She gets off on it. That’s cool. She might even give you some. That’s cool too --- if she says so.” The knife moved down to Snake’s crotch. “But hit her again and I’ll cut it off. Clear?”
“Ya! It’s fucking clear! Now, put that sticker away and let’s go kick some fucking ass!”
The knife hovered for a moment, then twirled in Blade’s hand before vanishing. Something close to a smile flitted across his sharp features. He turned to Flame. “Get your buns down the hill and see what’s keeping Bull.”
Flame, her green eyes flashing, tossed her red locks over her shoulder and sauntered down the hill, her tight ass doing wonders for her old Levies.
***
The morning dawned bright and clear. By the time Josh and the rest were ready, the sun was already burning off the mist from the mountain tops. Packs on and boots tied, they left the Ranger’s cabin. As a precaution, all now went well armed, including a surly, grumbling Bert.
Since the incident at the roadblock back in Vermont, Josh had been forced to change his mind about handguns. He now carried a Beretta 9 mm. on his right hip and Thelma’s little  .22 pistol as his ‘Backup’ in an ankle holster. The Backup held five shots and weighed almost nothing. The Beretta was just over two pounds and held a fifteen round clip. Two extra clips for the Beretta were on his belt and several others in his pack --- along with two boxes of shells for both the handgun and the rifle. Josh didn’t like the carrying the weight, but liked a whole lot less the idea of facing another Fonzie or Snake empty handed.
Billy and Eddy both carried .357 Colt revolvers. Billy’s was a monstrous nine-inch long Python, while Eddy had chosen a smaller, lighter, but just as deadly King Cobra. The day after leaving North Conway, Josh had asked Brad and Bert to choose a handgun from the box full they’d picked up back in Crown Point. Both had picked the smallest guns there. Brad took a Glock 9 mm. Compact with a seventeen round clip. Reluctantly Bert had picked up a stubby little Mustang 9 mm. Pocketlite.
If the handguns felt strange for the adults, it felt even stranger for the fathers to see their young sons with .22 Browning target pistols strapped to their waists; but as the song said: ‘The times they are a changing’. The boys had their bows with them as well. Tina had taken a small 9 mm. like Brad’s. She still had Earl’s old .303 and all the men except Bert also carried a rifle.
Feeling like an extra for an old John Wayne movie, Josh cradled his Winchester 30-30 and attempted his terrible impression of The Duke. Instinctively Josh knew that humor was needed to help wash away the horror that they were all still coming to grips with.
“Walll, Pilgrim. Tams a-waistin’! Head ‘em up ‘n move ‘em out!”
Amid groans and chuckles, the seven hikers followed him outside. Carrying all this firepower, however, turned out to be a very prudent move; for no sooner had they started for the trailhead, than Snake and Company opened up on them from the hill.
***
“Shit!”, Snake cursed, seeing Josh’s group exit the cabin and walk towards the trailhead. “The fuckers are all outside! Blade! Bull! Get the fuck up! They’re moving!”
Without waiting for the others, Snake began to fire. He’d planned to be up with the sun, move up close to the cabin and blast the shit out of them when they stepped outside. That had been the plan. What had happened however, was that Rings had brought back booze instead of beer, and the rest, as they say, is history. Now, his head pounding, from the booze, he found it hard to keep the rifle from shaking.
The rest of his merry band hadn’t fared much better. Bull was still passed out in his sleeping bag while  Blade was having one hell of a time finding his second boot. Flame, however, had no such hang-up. Standing there in the early morning light clad only in pink panties, she began firing her pearl handled Smith & Wesson. Her long legs spread, the heavy .357 held in the classic two-handed grip, she looked like Dirty Harry’s idea of a wet dream. The distance, however, proved too great even for that famed weapon and the eight tiny targets soon disappeared into the woods. Smiling, she emptied the gun anyway.
“After them!”, Snake roared. “Get the fuck after them!”
Blade, both boots now on, walked over to Snake.
“They got no wheels, Snake. They aint goingfar. Besides, aint you heard? What goes up, must come down. All we got to do is sit on the front porch and pick them off when they come back.”
“Listen, Shit-For-Brains!”, Snake bellowed. “They were all carrying packs, right? Just what the fuck do you think was in them? Your used condoms? Food, that’s what! Tents, stoves, mother-fucking sleeping bags! They can probably stay up in these fucking mountains for weeks!”
Blade shrugged, unperturbed by Snake’s ravings. “So let them. Who gives a shit anyway?”
Snake smiled warmly and moved closer. “I do.” He then drew his .44 Red Hawk. “Now let’s get the fuck after them!” 
***

Chapter 15



Franconia Notch
New Hampshire
June 29th

When Snake started shooting at them they were more than halfway to where the trail entered the forest. Caught in the open, they began running; no easy feat with heavily loaded packs. As the trees closed in around them, the shooting ceased but Josh kept them going for another hundred yards. When the trail became steeper, following a fast flowing stream, they stopped to catch their breath. Clutching his side, Bert fell to his knees.
“You hit?”, Eddy asked, kneeling down beside him.
“I --- don’t --- think so ---”, Bert gasped. “Just --- winded.”
Josh called Brad  and Jessie over to him. “Take them up to the bridge. Cross over and take  the Falling Waters Trail. Jessie knows the way. I’ll catch up before the first waterfall once I’ve seen who is following and what they intend.”
Brad swore. “Bloody hell, Josh, we all know it’s Snake! And what he intends is to kill us and take Tina. He’s a cold-blooded psycho!”
“Probably. But he’s no hiker,” Josh added. “Not with that beer gut. None of them are. If they do come after us, we’ll have the advantage.”
Brad frowned. “Are you nuts? He’s a killer! This isn’t some damn game!”
Josh’s eyes held his cousin’s. “I know that, Brad. But I have to see what we’re up against.”


“Then I’m staying too. Ken and Jessie both know this trail. They can --- ”
“No! I want you with them.” Josh stepped closer and lowered his voice. “They’re just kids, Brad. You can count on Eddy; Bobby too, but he and Tina are only kids themselves. As for Bert --- ” He left the rest unsaid.
Brad sighed, then nodded. “Okay! But for Christ sake, don’t do anything stupid!”
“Are you nuts? He’s a bloody killer!”
“Asshole!”, Brad grinned. “At least give me your pack; that way you can move faster.”
Moments later Brad was leading the others up the root-strewn trail. Jessie looked back at his father, fear mixed with pride in his blue eyes. Josh gave him the thumbs up sign. Eddy, bringing up the rear, motioned for Jessie to catch up with the others.
Josh watched them vanish around a bend, then turned and started back down the trail.
***
The four bikes roared into the trailhead parking lot, screeching to a halt near the vans. Rings, riding behind Bull, giggled as Snake shot a tire on each of the parked vehicles. The booming of the big .44 echoed down the valley.
“Just in case they try something smart,” he grinned. Then, revving his Harley, Snake tore off across the field. Grinning, Flame raced after him. Blade and Bull followed.
Josh was almost back down to the entrance to the woods when he heard the shots. Leaping off the trail, he made his way through the trees to a large boulder the size of a small room. He’d just reached the glacial litter when the sound of racing engines reached him. Through the trees he saw Snake tearing up the lower, graded walking trail at breakneck speed. Three other bikes were right behind him.
Somehow he had to stop them. Their bikes would soon be useless in the steeper, rocky parts, but if they got past him, they’d still be way too close to Jessie and the others. Holding that thought he levered a shell into his 30-30. He tried to sight on Snake’s broad chest, but the ups and downs on the smoother walking trail, along with the numerous trees in between, made it an impossible shot.
Josh fired anyway; his son’s life depended on it. The rifle bucked, and bark flew from a large oak halfway between himself and the trail. The sound of the shot was completely drowned out by the roaring motors. He fired twice more. More bark flew. Then the rifle jammed. Tossing it down, he brew his Beretta, but by now the roaring machines were past and racing round a distant bend. He pulled the trigger four times just the same, sending the 9 mm. slugs wining off rocks and tree trunks.
Snake and the others weren’t even aware he had fired.
Seconds later the sound of the bikes began to fade, swallowed up by the dense forest. The smoking gun hung impotently in his trembling hand, while frustration and fear weighed down his heart. Cursing under his breathe, Brad snatched up his rifle and began to run up the trail.
***
Just below the small wooden bridge, the trail climbed steeply. Hands as well as feet were needed to negotiate the moss-covered rocks. Water trickled under exposed roots. At the top, two signs were nailed to a tree. Straight ahead for the Old Bridal Path, across the bridge for the Falling Waters Trail. Both led up to the bare, windswept Franconia Ridge. 
Brad waited under the signs while the others scrambled up to him. Over the roar of the cascading water he thought he could hear the distant drone of motors.
Tina joined him, her head cocked to one side, Earl’s old rifle once again in her hands.
“You hear them too?” Brad asked.
“Ya,” was her only answer. Her eyes were busy searching the far bank. She pointed to a cluster of rocks a hundred feet up the stream. 
Brad nodded. “Take the boys with you. I’ll find a position down here.”
Tina led Jessie, Kenneth and Billy over the bridge and up the steep trail. The dogs ran ahead of them. Brad waited by the sign as Eddy scrambled up to him. Bert was struggling along in the rear. The sound of the motors was clearer now.
“Company’s coming,”, Eddy said.
Brad faced him. “Josh says I can trust you. I believe he’s right. I’d like you to take Bert and go up this side of the stream. Find some cover but make sure you can see the bridge. I’ll do the same from the other side. Okay?”
Eddy hesitated. “What about Josh? Shouldn’t we --- ?”
“No!”, Brad said, louder than he’d meant to. “He’ll be along. I need you to cover this side!”
 Eddy nodded and led Bert up the left bank trail.
As Brad jogged across the bridge, he thought about his cousin. He hoped Josh had hid and let them ride right past him, but deep in his heart he knew better. Josh would have tried to stop them. Tried, but obviously failed. ‘So where the hell was he?’ The answer made him groan. Dead or wounded. And if wounded, as good as dead, for they couldn’t go back for him, not with Snake and the others following.
Cursing, Brad climbed behind a slab of rock just as Snake rounded the bend below.
***


“Shit!”, Snake yelled as he rounded a narrow bend and came face to face with a very steep set of stone steps. He slammed on the brakes but skidded through the wet leaves. His front wheel slammed into the large first ‘step’. Momentum carried him forward while gravity pulled him down. He came landed hard on the gas cap, causing pain to shoot through his testicles.
Flame was more fortunate. Seeing Snake’s tail-lights flash, she braked early --- a bit too early. Blade had to swerve to miss her and in so doing went off the trail. The rushing stream lay directly in front of him. A stump sent him over the handlebars. Luckily, the stream had formed a small, deep pool. Blade emerged dripping wet and holding his sprained left wrist.
Bull, with Rings clinging to his broad back, had time to stop. He sat there opened mouthed while Rings giggled behind him.
Snake got shakily to his feet. Blood was running down his face from a long cut on his forehead. His left knee was also bleeding. The stock of the rifle he’d slung over his shoulder was cracked. Looking around, he cursed in a way that would have made a Marine sergeant blush.
Blade, dripping wet and still holding his wrist, came and stood beside Flame. His words to Snake were as cold as the water he had fallen into. “Well, great white leader, what the fuck do we do now?”
Snake’s cruel gaze washed over him, then turned toward the steep rock wall. The blue blazes of paint showed him the trail. “We follow them, asshole!”, he growled, reaching for a handhold. “They can’t be far ahead!”
Blade flexed his wrist, grimacing in pain.
“Bad?”, Flame asked.
Blade grunted, then began to climb, his left hand held tightly against his stomach. Flame drew her Smith & Wesson and followed. Bull came next, a 12 gage carried across his massive chest. Rings trailed along behind, a six-pack and a bottle of Rye weighing down her large handbag.
***
Tina laid Earl’s old .303 on top of the large rock she and the boys had hid behind and pulled out the small pistol she carried in her pack. She’d never fired a handgun before. Until a few days ago in North Conway, she’d never shot a rifle either. But she was a fast learner and, remembering the way Snake had looked at her, she intended to be one hell of a lot faster.
Jessie and Ken crouched beside her, holding the dogs. Og wined nervously at their feet. Princess stood beside her pup, growling faintly. Both boys had arrows fitted to their bows. Billy had found a shelf of rock below them and closer to the stream. He crouched now, the massive Colt Python’s long silver barrel catching the dappled sunlight.
Time stretched away like dripping honey, every second sticking to the next, reluctant to move on. All eyes watched the trail at the base of the two signs. Finally, a shaggy head could be seen. A massive chest followed, then a protruding beer belly. Snake had made the climb. 
Crouching, he moved cautiously up the trail. Flame came next, her long red hair flowing about her like fire. Dressed all in leather, she looked like a Valkary out of Viking legend, only instead of a sword, she carried a heavy, chrome plated Smith & Wesson.
Snake motioned for her to move past him. She flowed up the trail like water, stopping at the bridge, a hundred feet below where Eddy and Bert crouched behind a large boulder. Blade came next, favoring his left hand. Bull followed, half carrying Rings.
From her vantage point, Tina could see Flame moving across the bridge, but it wasn’t the large red-head that Tina feared, but the fat, greasy bastard with the piggish eyes. She sighted down the barrel of Earl’s .303 and grinned. “Shove this up your ass, woman-killer!”, she muttered, squeezing the trigger.
Earl hadn’t been lying when he said that his rifle pulled to the left. Tina’s shot went wide, chipping off a piece of granite a foot from where Snake crouched. Instantly everyone started shooting. No-one had a clear target, but that didn’t stop the urge to fire. The woods echoed with the booming of heavy caliber weapons.
Flame, squatting on the bridge, shot at the puff of smoke she’d seen further up the stream. Suddenly an arrow thudded into the handrail only inches from her head. The triangular blade glittered in the sunlight.
“What the fuck?!” Unnerved by the arrow far more than by the heavy gunfire, she sprinted across the bridge. Reaching the end, she jumped over a fallen log and scrambled up toward a large slab of rock. As she crawled around the moss covered boulder, Brad moved out of the shadows and slammed the butt of his rifle down on the back of her neck. Pain caused her to black out, the Smith & Wesson falling from her limp hand. Brad kicked it aside, then quickly tied her hands behind her with his belt.
‘One down, Josh’, he thought. ‘But a hell of a lot still to go!’
***
Back on the other side, Blade and Bull had taken cover off the trail. Rings crouched behind them, hugging her handbag, a crazed look in her wide eyes. There was no sign of Snake.
Suddenly the scream of a distraught Blue Jay cut through the smoke-laden air. Blade, worried about Flame, cautiously peered around the large tree that sheltered him. “Where the fuck is she?”, he hissed. “And where’s Snake?”
The answer came from further up the trail; three shots from Snake’s heavy .44. Someone yelled. Other weapons were fired. One of them sounded like a cap-gun. Then Snake’s distinctive Redhawk boomed twice more, followed by a scream. Blade raced up the trail towards the sound. Several bullets wined around him. He fired his .38 Special at a form on the far bank, then dove behind a tree. Bark flew as a quivering arrow thudded into the trunk.
“Snake!”, he bellowed. “Where the Christ are you?!”
“I got one!” Snake’s voice floated down from further up the trail. “Nailed the motherfucker good!”
“Where’s Flame?!”, Blade yelled back.
“Somewhere back there over the bridge! Now, get the fuck up here!”
Blade looked back at the bridge but saw no sign of his lady-love. He thought about going back down and crossing, but discretion got the better part of valor. Flame was a great piece of ass, the best he’d ever had, but a man has to know his limits. The goddamned bridge was way down the trail and just too fucking open! He checked the stream instead. Slick, moss-covered rocks and rushing water. Not much better than the fucking bridge!
Then another arrow slammed into the tree close by his head.
“Shit!”, he cursed, half jumping, half falling into the rushing water. Below him, Bull was firing into the trees. Even Rings was shooting, having found a small .22 in the bottom of her large bag.
***
The water was both deeper and faster than Blade had thought. The current pulled him down a slide and into a pool. His sprained wrist struck something and he cried out. Half blinded by the pain and the water, he was floundering toward the far bank when Billy jumped on him from above. 
Landing feet first on Blade’s shoulders, Bill’s weight drove the biker to the bottom. Something grabbed his hair and yanked him to the surface. Sputtering, Blade saw the gleaming barrel of Billy’s heavy Python swing down and connect with the side of his head. There was more bright light than pain --- then nothing at all.
Billy shoved the motionless body back into the pool and scrambled out the far side. Blade’s unconscious body was carried over yet another small falls where it lay half in, half out of the water just above the bridge.
Bull, seeing Blade’s body tumble over the rocky lip, tossed aside his shotgun and leapt down the bank. Slipping and sliding, he managed to reach the unconscious form and pull it behind a fallen log. He then drew his handgun and fired at Billy climbing up the far bank. His third shot struck Billy in the right shoulder. The bullet just nicked the skin, but it was enough to make Billy loose his grip. With a splash, he fell back into the pool. Grinning, Bull stood and took careful aim at the thrashing body. An arrow smacking into the log beside him caused Bull to look down. Then another magically appeared in his left thigh. When the pain reached his brain he screamed, jerking the trigger of his gun. The shot went wild and he slumped down in agony beside the still unconscious Blade.
Rings, seeing what had happened, turned to run; in so doing she came face to face with the muzzle of Josh’s 30-30. Her large eyes opened even wider.
“Drop the gun!”, Josh hissed.
The tiny .22 fell to the ground and her along with it. Josh yanked her to her feet and, holding her in front of him, walked to the edge of the bridge. 
Snake’s voice floated down from further up the stream. “Blade! Bull! Where the fuck are ya?!”
“Here with me, Snake!”, Josh yelled back. “So is your girlfriend!
Silence.
Jessie, hearing his father’s voice, started to stand, but Tina pulled him back. The pup, Og, began to bark.
Josh continued. “Snake! Did you hear me? I’ve got your two men in my sights! Toss your gun out or I start shooting!”
More silence, this time followed by laughter. “Go ahead, farm-boy! Shoot them! They’re not worth a fuck anyway!”
Just upstream from the bridge, Blade was slowly coming round. He coughed up water, then attempted to sit. Josh put a round into the fallen tree by Blade’s side. Rings screamed, while Bull, still holding his leg with Jessie’s arrow in it, called out to Snake. 
“Christ, Snake! This guy means business! Don’t let him hurt Rings!”
Snake’s reply was swift and cold. “Forget her, Bull! Shoot the fucker!”
“Can’t!”, Bull yelled back. “Got an arrow in my leg!”
“Well, big man?”, Josh called. “Who gets killed first? I’ve got plenty to choose from!”
No answer, only the cawing of the Jays and the gurgle of the water. Then Brad appeared on the bank above the bridge. He held Flame by her hair. Josh nodded to his cousin, then yelled out once again.
“We’ve got the red-head as well, Snake! It’s all up to you! Who dies first?!”
Brad, standing just behind Flame, wasn’t really sure if Josh was bluffing or not. He knew himself to be incapable of killing in cold blood, and until today would have sworn the same about his cousin. But now --- 
Suddenly Snake appeared at the far end of the bridge. Somehow he’d crossed the stream and doubled back down the trail. Blood ran freely down his face, all but covering his eyes. The two hands holding the massive revolver trembled.
“Who dies first? You do, shit-head!”
Upstream, Brad raised his rifle, only to have it knocked aside by Flame as she drove her shoulder into him. Brad fell one way, Flame the other.
And Snake began to fire.
One bullet whizzed by Josh’s head. Another tore a five inch groove out of the handrail. With less than thirty feet separating them, Josh began to back away, pulling Rings with him. Snake’s third bullet struck her in the left side of the chest. The heavy .44 slug pierced her heart and exited out the back, grazing Josh’s ribs as it passed. Rings coughed blood and died.
Josh, still holding the dead girl, brought his rifle up and pulled the trigger. Nothing happened. He hadn’t levered in another shell after shooting into the log. Snake, grinning through his gore-soaked beard, slowly turned sideways. Dropping one hand, he extended the one holding the gun. The hammer clicked back. The silver-plated barrel looked like the accusing finger of God.
“Miller time, bro!”
Suddenly Josh shoved the dead girl directly at Snake and leapt over the railing. Propelled forward, Rings looked like a puppet with cut stings. The body was halfway to Snake when he pulled the trigger. Rings’ head, shaven on one side, dyed blonde on the other, exploded like a watermelon dropped from a ten story building. Blood, bone and brain scattered to the four winds. The body, all but headless now, continued on its deadly dance. Skinny arms flailing, Rings seemed to clutch at her lover/killer for one final embrace.
Screaming like a banshee, Snake kept firing.
Like something out of an old zombie movie, somehow Rings kept on coming.
Wet, winded, his side on fire from where Snake’s bullet nicked him on its way through Rings, Josh met up with Brad just above the bridge. Snake could still be heard cursing as he kicked Rings’ remains into the stream. Silently the two cousins slipped away and joined the others a few hundred yards up the trail.
“Dad!”, Jessie yelled, running to meet them. “You’re alive!” Kenneth ran beside him. Both dogs jumped up as the fathers and sons embraced.
“We’re fine, Jessie”, Josh said, glancing quickly around. Eddy stood just above them, his gaze fixed on the path down to the bridge. Snake had vanished. Tina was trying to bandage the scrape on Billy’s shoulder.
“Bert?”, Josh asked.
Eddy shook his head. “Snake killed him. I got away.”
Josh nodded and turned to Billy.
“I’m okay, Mr. Williams. Did you get him?”
“No, Billy, but he damned near got me! Now, let’s get moving!”
Kenneth, white with shock, stepped forward. He was still clutching his bow. “Uncle Josh, you think they’re still coming? Jeeze! Jessie got one in the leg and Billy nearly brained that other guy!”
“He’ll come, Kenneth”, Josh said. “Now more than ever. Only next time we’ll be ready for him.”
***

Chapter 16



Franconia Ridge
New Hampshire, June 29th

“Now get the fuck moving!”
Snake had just finished passing the Rye bottle back to Flame, who shoved it into Rings’ large handbag. They were nearly a mile up the trail from the bridge and everyone was hurting. Bull’s leg throbbed where Jessie’s arrow had hit him in the thigh. The arrow had come out easily enough, but the wound had bled like a stuck pig. Blade had a large goose-egg on the side of his head and his wrist still ached. Flame’s neck was sore and her feet hurt from walking in her cowboy boots. A mixture of Rings’ blood and his own still matted Snake’s hair and beard.
Surprisingly, he had had little trouble getting the others to continue the hunt. Bull blamed Josh for Rings’ death and Flame had made it quite clear that nobody ‘suckered her’ and got away with it! Blade simply wouldn’t leave her.
But if getting them going had been easy, keeping them going proved something else again. They had no gear, no food and no extra clothes. Tired, hurting, hungry and footsore, they staggered through the twilight. The growing darkness finally stopped them just one bend short of Cloudland Falls.
They managed to get a fire going, but since there was nothing to eat, they passed the Rye around and crawled off to sleep. Snake, still sipping from the half empty bottle, saw Flame slip away to answer Nature’s call. Grinning, he checked to see if Snake was moving, then silently followed. The waxing moon was dappling the trail with its silver light when Flame came back onto the trail. She was still buttoning her faded jeans when Snake, looking like a fat gargoyle come to life, rose up from the fallen log he had been sitting on.
“Why bother?”, he leered. “You’ll just have to take them off again.”
“In your dreams, Limp-dick.”
Snake grabbed her arm as she brushed past, his hungry eyes and bad breath washing over her.
She tried to pull away. “You must be kidding! I’m not in the mood!”
Snake yanked her to him, shoving his gore-spattered beard, ample beer-belly and less than ample erection against her. Suddenly the cold barrel of her Smith & Wesson found its way into his crotch, freezing his fingers in mid-fondle.
Snake’s hand jerked back as though they’d been burnt.
“A wise move,” she said, withdrawing the heavy gun, though still holding it ready. “Now, you can stay here and pull your pudding all night long if you want. Me, I’m going back to the fire.”
Snake, torn between rage and relief, watched her saunter away through the moonlight, totally unaware that Josh’s group was camped for the night under a mile away just above Cloudland Falls, one of the highest cataracts in the White Mountains. Springs from the various slopes combined to form a rushing torrent that tumbled over a hundred feet into a rocky gorge. The spray from the falls gave it its name.
***
As the sun was setting, Josh sat at the lip of the falls watching the valley below. Ten miles away Mount Moosilauke thrust its ancient head up above the skyline, ablaze with the timeless fire. Below him the trail twisted into the twilight. Snake would have to pass this way when he came. That he was coming Josh now had no doubt. Over an hour ago they had spotted all four of them wending their weary way up the trail far below them.
Since it was nearly dark, Josh knew the maniac would be forced to stop for the night. As a precaution he had tied a fishing line across the trail at the base of the falls. The end of the line led up to a couple of empty Zoodles cans beside him. Anyone tripping the line would drag the cans across the rocks where he sat. Josh intended to spend the night sleeping beside the cans.
Suddenly Og was beside him, licking his face, then turning his attention and his tongue to the Zoodles.
“Here, stop that! You can’t eat my alarm system!”
“You really think that he’ll come?” Brad was little more than a shadow among shadows. Stepping into the dying sunlight, he handed Josh a mug of tea.
Josh took a sip, then set it down and dug out his pipe. “Not tonight, but he’ll come.” 
Og, loosing interest in the empty cans, went off to chase a squirrel. Both men smiled, then Brad’s eyes narrowed. “Why? What does he want?”
Josh lit the fancy Briar Jessie had given him just days ago --- though in some way it now felt like years. “He wants a lot of things. Tina, revenge, to keep face. Maybe even to prove something to himself. I doubt he even knows --- but he’ll come.”
“The guy’s a psycho!”
Josh drew on his pipe. “There’s always been Snakes, Brad, you know that. Now though, with the world the way it is, I’m afraid we’ll see a whole lot more of them.”
“You don’t paint a very pretty future, cousin!”
Josh looked at his lifetime friend. “No, but its the only one we’ve got. Those of us left will have to adapt if we want to survive”
Og was back and Brad absently scratched the pup’s neck. “Well, if that’s how it’s gotta be, then let’s deal with this Snake problem once and for all!”
Josh looked at his cousin. He’d known him all his life. They grew up together in the Lake Placid. They had been like brothers till Brad married and moved to New Hampshire --- yet it somehow seemed that he was seeing his cousin for the first time. “Fine by me, but first we tire them out, then we take them. Now, how about we check on supper?”
Brad grinned and got to his feet. “You coming?”
“Not right now. Send Jessie down with a plate and some more tea.”
Brad shook his head. “I know, and a sleeping bag. I’ll relieve you in a couple of hours.”
Joshed grinned and turned his attention back to the trail at the base of the falls.
***
“Look at this shit!”, Blade said, pointing at the fishing line stretched across the path. The early morning light glistened of the heavy coating of spray that clung to the line. They could clearly see it going up the steep rocks to the lip of the falls.
“Careful!”, Blade cautioned as Snake approached. “You remember those Rambo movies? One of those fuckers might have been in Nam or Iraq or something.”
“Ya? Nam this!”, Snake said, shooting Blade the finger, then kicking at the line. “Rambo my ass. Get the fuck going!”
Flame glared back at him. “Snake, you gave yourself the wrong name, you know that?”
“Ya? And just what should I be called? Stud?”
Flame tossed her long hair as she strode by. “Pig.”
They carefully climbed the steep trail leading up beside the falls, the rushing water and cold spray making the going wet and slippery.


At the top they found two cans tired to the end of the fish line but little else. Swearing as he wheezed forward, Snake followed the trail over the stream up into the woods. Already the trees were smaller, the maples and oaks giving way to the hardier spruces and pines. The trail zigzagged up a steep rocky shoulder and left the stream far behind.
As the sun rose and the day grew hotter, thirst set in. Sweating through their leathers and heavy jeans, they began to overheat. Three beers remained and a third of the Rye. None of it helped. Flame managed to fill two empty cans from a trickle of water running down a rock face. Blade filled the near empty Rye bottle. Leather jackets came off. Flame, her pants and jacket stuffed into Rings’ big bag, tied back her long hair and hiked clad only in cowboy boots, pink panties and a white tank top.
A little after noon they left the treeline behind, climbing into a world none of them had ever imagined existed. They’d been scrambling up a deeply eroded trail that twisted through the dwarf pines, when suddenly the green was gone. Gray rock and blue sky hovered above them. The wind, absent for so long now, now caressed their sweating bodies.
“Holy shit, would you look at this!”, Flame cried in wonder. She’s been in the lead for some time now, drawn on by a sudden urge to reach the top. The sight of her tight buttocks grinding away through her sweat-stained panties had been the focus of Snake’s gaze for what seemed an eternity. His heart pounding, his beer gut bouncing, he had forced himself to stay as close to her well formed ass as he could, following her like a dog after a bitch in heat. Yet lust had not been his only motive. Flame’s sexuality was but the lifeline he clung to for the moment. What he truly coveted was revenge.
Blade and Bull were still far back down the trail. Bull’s wounded leg had proved too much for even his tremendous strength. The large biker had been forced to use a stick as a crutch, and needed Blade’s help up the steeper rocks.
Flame, out in the open now, dropped her bag and gazed in wonder at the panoramic view. She had reached the Franconia Ridge, that long, winding, narrow, open backbone of the White Mountains that hikers reverently called The Spine of God; and though she knew not the name, deep in her heart of hearts she suddenly felt awed by something vastly bigger than her own petty little wants and needs.
Mountains stretched away to the horizon in all directions. Every shade of greenie-blue  imaginable filled the eye. A sky so clear and bright it looked freshly made as on the day of Creation; silence so profound it rang in her ears like a silver bell. Billowing clouds, whiter than new fallen snow, drifted both high above and down below her in the valleys. Eagles soared overhead, hanging like silent angels on the thermal updrafts. 
Flame spread her arms and embraced the sky --- and her heart took wing. A strange feeling rushed through her, like a long ago memory of a young girl’s Christmas morning. Though she could never have explained it, Flame was having a mystical experience. She had climbed out of the darkness, and now stood as one newborn under the All-Seeing-Eye of the sun. 



Dreamlike, she watched her old self slip away. Though extremely sensual, there was a feeling of rightness about it. She seemed to blend with the very earth itself. Her entire body tingled. Her nipples hardened at the wind’s gentle caress. The sun’s rays felt like warm hands on her skin. No longer just a wild biker chick, but more like a child of Mother Nature herself, born fresh and washed spotless into a newly cleansed world.
And it felt so damn good!
Snake’s course voice however brought her crashing back to reality --- a reality that she now wanted no part of. “Hey, tight ass! Haul your tits over here!” Snake, his heavy gun once again in his hand, motioned at a cluster of large boulders just in front of them. 
Reluctantly she drew her Smith & Wesson. The gun felt like an anchor in her hand --- dragging her back down to the hell she had briefly escaped from. Licking her dry lips, she saw Blade and Bull emerge onto the open ridge, both too caught up in their own pain to notice the beauty of God’s handiwork spread out before them. Silently, each dragging their own sins with them, the four converged on the pile of rocks a quarter mile up the trail.
All they found was a weathered signpost, information etched into the blasted board. They were apparently standing on the summit of Little Haystack; 4,659 feet above sea level, 3.2 miles from the parking lot. To the right the open ridge led to Mt. Liberty and on to Mt. Flume. To the left, a mile away and several hundred feet above them, was Mt. Lincoln. A mile beyond that, unseen from where they stood, Mt. Lafayette waited majestically, its 5,260 foot summit lost in the clouds.
“There’s nobody here,”, Flame said, an odd feeling of relief flooding through her. The trail, marked by stone cairns, stretched away on both sides. The beauty of it all struck her again as she gazed wide-eyed at the majestic vista. Suddenly she felt very small and frail. The heavy gun in her hand seemed like an obscenity.
“Well, great white hunter, which way now?” Blade’s voice was as sharp as his name, his cold eyes boring into Snake. Behind him stood Bull, looking like a battered gladiator that had just had the shit kicked out of him..
Snake glanced about. The ridge seemed to stretch away to infinity. Gently down in both directions; though to the left it merely dipped into a boulder strewn gully before rising steeply again. He pointed up at Mt. Lincoln with the long barrel of his Red Hawk.



“That way. These bastards think there real tough. They’ll go up till their fucking noses bleed! Well, we’ll show them who’s tough, right Bull?”
Bull, however, looked anything but tough. Sitting massaging his leg, he sucked in air like a leaky bellows. The grey rock beneath the wound was splattered red. Snake strode over to him.
“They killed Runt, Bull. Killed Rings too! Tossed her at me like a piece of meat! They hurt Blade and they hurt Flame. And they hurt you! Now we’re going to hurt them!”
The big man’s head lifted, making him look like a hound scenting the wind.
“Ya, Snake! I want to hurt them real bad!”
Snake slapped him on the shoulder. “I knew I could count on you, Bull. Once we get them, we’ll fix up your leg. They’ll have bandages and shit. Food too! What do ya say?”
Bull grinned and heaved himself to his feet. More blood dripped onto the rocks. Blade swore and Flame turned away.
“As for you two,” Snake said, again drawing his heavy revolver; “move out, now! Blade, you lead. I want you where I can see you. Me and Bull will bring up the rear.”
Blade glared back at the bearded madman, then stalked off towards Mt. Lincoln. Flame picked up her bag and started down the gentle slope. She felt lightheaded. Snake grabbed her arm. “You stay just in front of me. Your ass is still the best view up here.”
“You really are a pig”, she said as she went behind the rocks by the signpost to put on her pants and shirt.
Snake laughed coldly. Bull joined in, though he had no real idea why. But Snake did, and for Snake, that was all that really mattered.
***

Chapter 17



Franconia Ridge
New Hampshire, June 30th

“Hey, Mr. Williams!”, Billy called. “They’re coming!”
Josh waved back at the young man, signaling him to climb down. Billy had been sitting up on the huge chunk of bare granite called The Witch’s Head. Over the slow passing of the millennia, the wind and rain had shaped the collection of grey rock into the very rough, craggy  form of an old woman’s face  --- or so some thought. To Josh it just looked like an impressive, giant pile of rocks.
The rest of them were in the jumble of weathered boulders below Witch’s Head, half way between Little Haystack and Mt. Lincoln. This was the narrowest part of the ridge; a place where the trail shrank to a twisting footpath marked with splashes of white paint. A thousand foot drop fell away on both sides. A perfect place for an ambush.
Josh sat on a slab of granite overlooking Chimney Rock, a sixty foot finger of stone thrusting up out of the steep slope just below Witch’s Face. How many thousands of years had it stood there? How many thousands of hikers had sat were he now sat, gazing in wonder at tons of rock seemingly defying gravity? How many were left to see it now?
His mind cast itself back to the last time he had passed this way. The summer before this. Jessie had been away at camp and for two weeks Josh and his wife had roamed New England in their camper. The beauty of Acadia Park in Main; the noisy, frantic hustle of Old Orchard; the slower, quieter charm of The Yorks. His wife’s face hovered before him; not as she had been now in middle age, but years earlier when Jessie was around three --- the first time they went camping as a family. He remembered the romantic walks on the beach; lobsters, clams and wine at their campsites; making gentle love in their camper. And all the time she knew where he longed to be, back here in the wilderness of the White Mountains.
Baking on a crowded beach was not his style, and so they had spent one week at the ocean and one week in the mountains --- swimming in the sun-warmed lakes and the cold, rushing streams, and hiking the numerous, winding trails and open ridges.
Fighting vertigo all the way, she had followed. He was so very proud of her for that. Each time they had passed this place she had trembled and he had lovingly held her hand. Above the treeline brought her closer to her own personal view of God, but as with all things, there was a price to pay. She paid it willingly and he had loved her all the more for it. 
He still did.
He carried a picture of that time with him in his wallet. Old, faded and hard to make out now after nearly two decades --- but the love he felt for them both was stronger now than ever. He knew that his wife would want him to watch over their son, now a young man facing this terrible new world. He knew also that his wife would  be watching over them both --- and hopefully --- if the mountain gods were kind --- they would all be together again --- even if only in their dreams.
***
“I can see them, Dad! They’re halfway down the slope!”
Jessie’s excited voice brought Josh out of his reverie. Looking back down the trail, he saw the four tiny figures. He raised his binoculars for a better look.
Blade was way out in front, just dipping down into the scrub filled hollow a quarter mile below them. The others followed a hundred yards behind. Flame leading, her hair a red flag blowing in the breeze. Snake and the big one, Bull, followed close behind. Josh saw that Bull was limping badly.
He looked at the anxious faces all around him and tried to smile. Og licked his face. Princess stood by Jessie’s side. “You all know the plan. The man on point will come through  here first. When he’s halfway through the narrow gap, Brad and I will jump him. Those behind won’t see or hear a thing. Billy will help us tie and gag him and then we’ll drag him off the trail.”
“What if he fights back or something?”, Kenneth asked, his young face clearly worried.
“He won’t have time, son,”, Brad said. “We’ll be fine.”
Josh continued. “Once the front man’s down, we all stay hidden till the others reach the narrow trail just below us. I’ll fire a shot in the air and order them to surrender. Tina, you watch Flame. Billy, you get the big guy with the wounded leg. Brad and I will handle Snake and the boys will cover all of us from up here.” He turned and faced the two teenagers. “I mean that. No matter what happens, both of you stay up here! Got that?”



Both boys nodded then Jessie as he scratched Og’s ears. “And if they don’t surrender?”
Josh’s answer was swift and slightly forced. “They will, Jess. Caught in the open like that, they’ll have no other choice.”
Jessie shrugged. He knew his father was worried --- and he also knew that with guys like Snake there was always another choice --- go down fighting.
Josh tore his eyes from his son and turned to Eddy, forcing a smile he didn’t feel. “Eddy, you’ve got the tricky part. Hide in the scrub back down below till they’ve all walked by you, then cover the rear so they can’t escape.”
Eddy looked at everyone, then winked at Jessie and Ken. “You guys make sure the dogs are quiet. Any barking will give us away.” Jessie nodded and both boys led the dogs into the deep shadows behind the large boulders under The Witch’s Face. 
Keeping low, Eddy trotted back down the trail and vanished into the thick scrub. 
The rear guard was set. Now the waiting began.
***
Blade felt like shit. His feet hurt, his wrist still throbbed and hunger and thirst were making him dizzy. The steep drops on both sides had closed in and the path had narrowed to a twisting goat’s trail. He had passed through a briar patch of low scrub and now faced a rock wall. Painted blazes stretched up and over. 
It looked like another bitching climb. He glanced back, but the boulders obscured his view. “Fuck it!”, he muttered. Shoving his .38 Special in his belt, he wiped the sweat from his brow and started up. Being careful of his injured left hand, he climbed over the ledge and down into a protected draw. 
The three men jumped him as he sat down to catch his breath. They came from above and both sides at the same time. Rough hands grabbed him, pulling him back, stifling his cries. Then something hard struck the side of his head and the dazzling blue sky dissolved into blackness.
***
“Blade! Blade!”, Snake yelled. “Answer me you fuck!”
Snake drew his revolver and fired into the air. The roar of the heavy gun rumbled back from the surrounding peaks. He called to Flame, ordering her to go on ahead. She held his gaze for a long moment, then pulled her Smith & Wesson and started up the trail. Snake and Bull shuffled along behind.
Flame’s mind raced. ‘Where was Blade? Was he hurt? Had he fallen? Surely he’d heard Snake’s cannon? Why hadn’t he answered?!’
Then another thought intruded, stabbing her mind like an icicle through the eye. ‘What if she found him dead? His neck broken from a fall. Did she care? Really care?’ A shudder ran down her spine as she gazed about. These mountains were beautiful but unforgiving. She’d felt that the moment she’d stepped out on the ridge. The Spine of God.
A place where He saw all.
She shook her head to clear the image. “Fuck that shit!” she muttered. Despite her best effort however a long buried feeling washed over her --- a tidal wave of guilt that carried her all the way back to her daddy’s farm. 
‘Thou shalt not blaspheme, daughter!’ 
After all these years the sanctimonious old bastard’s voice still roared in her ears. 
Good old God-fearing Daddy. Praying out loud while he finger-fucked his red-headed little girl. Reading the Good Book while he made her --- ”
“Jesus Christ!”, Flame yelled to the sky, not sure if it was an oath or a prayer. Forcing the memories away, back into that little used door in her mind, she strode up the twisting path, the Smith & Wesson held before her like a cross.
***
Through a slit between two boulders Josh watched her approach. Snake and Bull were out of sight somewhere behind her. Did they have time to capture her like they had Blade? Should he let her continue on, hoping Tina could take her when they jumped Snake? But that would leave her close to the boys! Josh, making up his mind, drew his handgun. Watching him, Brad and Billy did the same. All three moved on his signal.
***
Flame heard something off to the left. Turning to meet it, a form momentarily blotted out the sun. She had started to bring her gun up when something struck her hard in the stomach. Her lungs emptied and she fell on her back gasping for air. A boot stepped on her hand and the .357 seemed to slither away like a snake. Strange. Part of her was glad to see it go. 
Then the form was leaning over her, the sun making a glittering nimbus around the silhouette. Lack of food and drink made her head swim. She was pulled forward and the muzzle of a handgun shoved in her face. Instinctively she pushed it away. Such things  belonged in the past. Back on Daddy’s farm  --- back with the snakes.
‘Why the hell had she thought that?!’
“Make one sound and you’re dead,” a voice said. A cool voice, lacking either hatred or the lust to kill. She’d heard the other kind enough times to know the difference.
The voice was speaking again. Telling her to nod if she understood. Nod if she agreed. 
She nodded both times, not sure why; knowing only that he ‘old’ Flame would have laughed and spit in their face.
Suddenly the gun was gone, replaced by a knife at her throat. She was helped up, not yanked but helped. She turned to look at her captor. It was the guy from the bridge, the one who had called Snake out. Not handsome, not ugly; about forty with longish brown hair with wisps of grey. No tough guy, but no pussy either.
Their eyes locked. She saw no hatred there, just worry and concern. ‘For her? Don’t be stupid! For the others --- the two kids --- for the blonde haired girl.’ Her stomach rumbled. His tanned face went in and out of focus. She would have fallen if he hadn’t caught her. His grip was strong but not hard. ‘What would it be like if --- ?’ 
Then someone else was there, binding her hands roughly behind her. The man said something and the hands behind her became more gentle. A bandanna was tied around her mouth, tight but not too tight. She was led off the trail. The blonde girl and the guitar player with long hair helped her up and walked her behind a large boulder. 
There, bound and gagged, was Blade.
***
“Where the fuck are they?!”, Snake hissed.
Bull shrugged. He didn’t know where Blade or Flame was. He didn’t even know where he was. And right now he didn’t give a shit. He was hungry and thirsty and tired. His head ached like a bastard and his leg hurt worse than his head. All he knew for sure was that he wanted to be anywhere else but up here! High places made him want to puke.
Snake thrust a rifle at him and then shoved him up the trail. Snake was no nice guy. He sometimes pretended to be, but Bull knew that inside Snake was a sack of shit.
“Move out, lard-ass,” Snake growled. “I’m right behind you!”
Bull shuffled forward. Every step sent rivers of pain up his leg. The narrow trail blurred. He shook his head, but the pounding only increased. Dizziness became nausea. His tongue felt too big for his mouth, his lips dry and cracked. Without a warning, he up-chucked on his boots.
Then Rings was before him, hovering in the air, smiling, holding out a cold beer. Behind her the rock looked like a witch’s face. Bull blinked and Rings was gone. But she’d come back. All he had to do was follow. Despite the pain, he started to jog up the slope.
“Hey! Wait up, Bull!” Snake’s voice sounded like a dry rasp.
Bull kept on jogging.
Cursing, Snake ran after him, his beer gut bouncing with each labored step
***
Eddy watched from his hiding place as Bull shuffled past. He kept the cross-hairs on the  wounded biker and his finger alongside the trigger. The point man had gone by a few minutes earlier and the redhead had just entered the narrow part under the Witches Head.
Snake came next, breathing hard and sweating like the pig he was. Eddy fought down the urge to call out then shoot the bugger where he stood. Not because Snake didn’t deserve it, but because that wasn’t the plan. He had no idea where the others were. Blade had gone by a couple of minutes ago and Eddy hadn’t heard a damned thing. Now the woman was gone and still nothing!
‘Well, Eddy my boy’, he thought. ‘No news is good news I guess.’
The seconds dragged by. Then the shot came, followed by Josh’s voice. Eddy jumped up and nearly fell on his face. His bloody knees had cramped up! Cursing under his breath, Eddy started up the path, his Daddy’s old deer rifle held ready across his chest.
Rounding a bend, he saw Bull and Snake less than thirty yards away standing in a dip in the trail, guns raised, seeking something to shoot. Rocks rose up steeply before them on both sides. Snake glanced back down the path and saw Eddy. The .44 Redhawk boomed, the sound all but deafening in the confined space. A chip of granite broke off near Eddy’s head and fell to the ground. Eddy did the same, needing only a moment to find Snake’s heaving chest through his scope.
Josh’s voice spoke again. Eddy presumed he was using what Jessie referred to his ‘teacher’s voice’. “Drop it, asshole! I won’t tell you again!”


From deep in the shadows of the natural cave under the Witches Head, Flame saw Blade moving towards her. She frowned. Something was wrong. Like her, he was supposed to be tied. Then a knife glittered in his hand and her wrists were suddenly free. Her gag vanished. He pressed his mouth to her ear and whispered.
“We’re getting out of here, Babe. Just you and me. But first we need a few things.”
Then he was gone, moving like a shadow through the rocks. She looked up and saw a Beagle hound watching her, its brown eyes puzzled. Was it real? Everything seemed fuzzy, dreamlike. In a daze, she walked over to the dog, her head pounding. A rough, wet tongue licked her hand. A tail wagged.
Then she heard the shot. It sounded like Snake’s Redhawk. Both she and the dog ran toward it. Coming round a slab of rock, she saw two strangers below her, one on each side of the spot where she had been jumped earlier. Using the rocks for cover, they were both aiming down into the circular depression where Snake and Bull stood in the open. A third one, the guitar player, was higher up on the far side.
Then another movement caught her eye. Off to the left Blade was suddenly standing behind the dark haired girl, Tina. His small, razor-sharp Boot knife was pressed to the girl’s throat. Flame, still feeling like she was caught in some weird dream, felt rather than heard the world take on a peaceful,  otherworldly like stillness. Then Snake’s arrogant voice shattered it all. 
“Well, Hayseed! Looks like we got ourselves a real Mexican stand-off here! You kill me, my - man there kills your woman! Then everyone kills everyone! So what say we both back off, eh? Give things a chance to cool down a bit?”
Eddy, still sighting on Snake, heard Josh call out his name.
“Eddy! You still have Snake in your sights?”
“Sure thing, Josh! Lined up in the cross-hairs!”
“I’m going to count to five,” Josh replied; “Five, Eddy. Then you put one in his chest! Back or front, it doesn’t maker --- just bring the bastard down!”
“No problem, boss!”
Snake, trying in vain to locate Eddy, danced around behind Bull.
“Still got him?”, Josh asked.
“Better than ever!”, Eddy lied, Bull now completely blocking his view.
“One!”, Josh said coldly.
“Wait a fucking minute!”, Snake yelled, then turned to Blade, high above him and still holding a knife to Tina’s throat.
“Blade! For Christ sake, DO SOMETHING!”
Flame saw Blade smile. It was not a pleasant sight. It stirred distant memories best left undisturbed.
“I am, Snake!”, Blade yelled back. “I’m hauling my ass out of here. Flame’s coming with me. What you do is your fucking problem!”
“Two!”, Josh said.
Snake glared around him, the heavy Readhawk now held tightly by both hands. He could see the barrel of Josh’s rifle pointed at him but little else. Brad was even harder to see, just a shadow high up on the far side. Where this Eddy asshole was he hadn’t a clue!
“Blade, you stupid fuck! Get a gun and shoot that prick!”
Blade laughed. To Flame it suddenly sounded like her Daddy’s laugh. Another memory best left buried.
“Why should I, Snake?”, Blade demanded. “What’ve you ever done for me besides try to screw my old lady?!”
“Three!” Josh’s voice sent a shiver down both Snake’s and Flame’s spine.
“You can have here, Blade!”, Snake yelled. “I swear it, man! You can have them both! Just get me out of here!”
Blade chuckled dryly, then swung Tina round so he was looking at Josh over her shoulder. The knife at the girl’s throat glittered in the sun. “You heard him, Hayseed. Tell your boys to back off!” 
Josh looked up to Billy’s position twenty feet above Brad. Something silver flashed in the sun. The longhaired youth was sighting down the long barrel of his overlarge handgun. Josh knew the target would be Blade’s head, but he also knew that Billy didn’t have a chance in hell of making the shot. Maybe if he had a rifle, but with that hand cannon he’d either miss completely or kill them both. Maybe Brad could take Blade out, but a rock outcropping blocked his cousin’s line of sight.
Then he saw Flame standing midway between Blade and Billy. Instantly Josh decided to try the bluff he had first used on The Dude back in Crown Point. “Billy, you hear me?”
“Sure do Mr. Williams.”
“Then listen up! Shoot AT the red-head! Don’t hit her, Billy! Not YET! Just fire at the rocks BESIDE her! Now, Billy --- NOW!”
Billy’s Python was almost as big as Snake’s Redhawk. Out in the open it sounded like a bloody cannon.
The heavy slug ricocheted off the rock a hands width from Flame’s right ear. He’d been aiming at another rock a yard to her left. 
Josh played his next card. “Well, Blade, what’s it going to be? The next one can be right between her eyes --- or yours! But if you let Tina go, both you and the red-head can walk away.”
“Don’t fucking believe him, Blade!”, Snake screamed. “The buggers will kill us all!”
“Hey, Eddy,”, Josh casually called out.
“Ya, Josh?”
“Four!”
Cursing, Snake backed up against the rock wall, pulling a confused Bull with him. Eddy’s shot was now completely blocked. Blade, sweat running down his narrow face, backed over toward Flame. Just behind them the land fell away for a thousand feet.
“She’s got a gun on her, Babe. Get it!”
Feeling like she was trapped in some never-ending nightmare, Flame fumbled the Glock Lightweight out of Tina’s small belt holster. It looked like a child’s toy.
“Good!”, Blade growled. “Now, shoot those fuckers!”
Flame frowned, not sure she had heard correctly. What must have only been seconds seemed to stretch out forever. 
“Go on bitch!” Snake screamed. “Shoot the fuckers!”
Then a small, distant voice, as though it came from far away or perhaps long ago, spoke. “No.” Flame was surprised to find it had been her own.



“What?!”, Blade demanded, disbelief written on his sharp features. “Shoot them now!”
“I --- can’t,” she said. “I --- I won’t!”
Blade turned toward her, his eyes wild. Her father’s eyes. Her father’s face. Her father’s voice. “Shoot them or I’ll slit her fucking throat!”
“No.”
“Do it, Babe, or I’ll do her!”
“No you won’t!” Flame hissed, raising the small gun and pointing it at Blade’s head.
“Five!”, Josh yelled.
A number of guns went off at the same time. Eddy shot at Snake while Snake blasted away at Josh. Brad fired at Bull who fired at Billy who fired at Flame. For her part, Flame shot her lover point blank in the face. Out of all those bullets only three found their marks. Snake was hit in the shoulder, Bull in the heart and Blade right between the eyes.
Bull died instantly, Brad’s 30-30 slug entering the left breast and exiting through the big man’s right hip. As for Blade, his lower forehead now had a neat 9 mm hole in it. The back of his head, however, was gone. Punched back by the impact, his dead arms released both the knife and Tina as he stepped off into empty space. The body bounced twice before it finally came to rest far below the Witch’s Head. For a moment a cloud hid the sun and the old stone crone seemed to smile.
With a very large hole in his shoulder and Bull’s two hundred plus body pinning him to the ground, Snake wasn’t going anywhere. He still had his gun however, and as everyone there knew, a snake is at its most dangerous when cornered.
Stepping back from the edge of the draw where Snake lay bleeding, Josh turned both his attention and his rifle on Flame. He needn’t have bothered however. She had slumped down, gazing over the long fall that had claimed her lover --- and hopefully her past life. 
Tina’s pistol lay discarded and forgotten at her feet. Both Jessie and Ken moved in beside her. The dogs were with them. Ken had his target gun out, Jessie still carried his bow, but neither were needed. Og ran forward and licked her hand. Absently to fondled his soft ears. He jumped up and licked her bitter-sweet tears.
Billy had reached Tina and now sat with his arm around her. Brad worked his way cautiously around to his son while Jessie moved down to stand beside his father. Eddy soon joined them. All three glanced at the depression. Out of sight twenty feet below them they could hear Snake’s heavy breathing.
“What do we do now, Josh?”, Eddy asked. “Leave the snake in its pit?”
All three of them were thinking of the man Eddy had leg shot back at the barricade less than a week ago. It seemed like years. Josh suddenly turned away. ‘Christ!’, he thought. ‘How many times am I going to have to do this?!’
‘As many times as you need to,’ came the answer. The silent voice in his head sounded a hell of a lot like Doc Gruber’s.
“Look out!”, Billy suddenly screamed, groping for his massive Python. Tina, sitting with Earls old .303 across her knees, was even faster.
Both Eddy and Jess had their backs to the gully where Snake lay dying. As they turned, they saw the heavy .44 magnum already over the rocky lip. Snake’s head followed; face twisted with pain, eyes wild with rage. Even as they swung around, they heard the metallic click of the hammer being pulled back.
Josh had faced that gun once before and lived. This time however, he didn’t feel so lucky. Yet his son stood close beside him, and he had to do something. Shoving Jessie aside, Josh began to raise his 30-30. 
The sound of three guns going off was the last thing he heard.
***

Chapter 18



Green Leaf Hut
The White Mountains
New Hampshire 
July 3rd: Three days later: 

Brad sat in a rocking chair on the front porch of the hut reading a well thumbed Western. Something by Max Brand called ‘Blood Red Spurs’. The gunslinger-hero had just saved the beautiful and very well endowed dance hall queen from the usual ‘fate worse than death’. Scarface Calhoun’s men had just tried to ravish her on the bar. Old Max had put it a little more delicately than that but Brad had always liked to call a spade a spade. Naturally our hero had saved the day. Old Max had thrown in a well-used twist to the humdrum plot however; the hero had taken a slug in the arm. Naturally the buxom beauty was nursing him back to health.
Brad smiled and tossed the novel aside. Most books rarely had bugger-all to do with real life, even though ‘Blood Red Spurs’ did have an odd kind of parallel to their own present situation. Getting up, he went inside to check on his cousin.
Josh’s head was wrapped in torn sheets. Dried blood had stained his left temple again all the way around to his ear. The face, usually so intense and tanned, now looked pale and drawn. But he was still breathing, which was more than Brad expected three days ago.
Snake’s bullet had struck the side of Josh’s head just a split second before his own had exploded. Both Billy and Tina had fired at the same time. It was impossible to say which one had killed him. Maybe they both had. Anyway, the bastard was dead and Josh was alive and that was what counted. 
It had taken them till well past dark to reach Greenleaf Hut. Carrying Josh’s unconscious, bleeding body on a litter made from packs, they had struggled the rest of the way up Mt. Lafayette and then the long mile down to the hut. Thank God for flashlights! Josh had lain there for nearly three days now and hadn’t woken yet.
Out of the corner of his eye Brad saw the book, lying on the floor where he tossed it, near some hiker’s boots whose owner no longer had need of them. His mind turned back to it, mentally ticking off the similarities between the novel’s plot and their present plight.
Brad half smiled as he realized there where were quite a few.
Asshole Gulch, or wherever the story had taken place, was a long, hard ride from the bunkhouse they now found themselves in; yet, perched on a bare knob of rock some 4,000 plus feet above their vehicles at the Ranger’s Cabin, they were as cut off from the rest of the world as you could get! (Not that there was a hell of a lot of the modern world left!)
Brad pushed THAT little tid-bit away and went back to the book. 
Asshole Gulch had a drunken piano player. Out in the main room he could hear Billy plinking away on an old guitar he’d found. One of the dead kitchen crew must have been a music lover, though Billy swore the instrument wasn’t worth shit.
Asshole Gulch had a dewy-eyed ‘perty y’ung thang’ that slaved away cooking ten-pound steaks for the hungry cowboys. Brad could smell flap-jacks cooking in the kitchen. Jessie, Kenneth and the two dogs were eagerly waiting to gobble up anything and everything Tina placed before them. Tina had spent two summers working in these huts and was as much at home making bread as carrying a fifty pound sack of flour up a trail.
Every Western also has its ‘nice guy’, someone to hold things together while the hero was off doing whatever it is heroes do when they’re not saving the day. ‘Blood Red Spurs’ had been no different. Phinious T. Potter had run the local newspaper. Brad, being the only business man in the bunch, supposed he qualified for that role. Eddy seemed typecast for the role of the hero’s sidekick; honest, brave and loyal.
But when it came to the dance hall queen with the heart of gold beating beneath a bountiful chest, they had a problem. Flame, though she did have all the physical qualifications, didn’t quite fit the bill.
She’d ridden with the bad guys. She’d also been ridden by the bad guys! Brad thought that even old Max-the-Brand himself would have one hell of a time with THAT little plot twist!
Sitting there looking out at the rugged moonscape of Mt. Lafayette, Brad let his mind continue to drift. After the fight, Flame had been in a kind of trance. True, two days of struggling up a mountain with no food and water and then shooting your lover in the head, might tend to put anyone’s mood off somewhat; yet right after Josh had been shot, she seemed to snap out of it and want to help. She said she had some ‘first hand knowledge of gunshot wounds’ and did a good job of stopping the bleeding.
Later, between swigging water and chewing on pepperoni, she’d gladly taken her turn helping to carry Josh’s litter. Once they reached the hut, she’d help clean and dress his wounds again. She had even sat up with Tina for the last two nights taking turns watching over him. 
Yesterday, when Brad had shooed them all outside so he could give Josh a sponge bath and change his sheets, Flame had raced the boys up to the top of Lafayette. And won! Later he’d seen Jessie showing her how to use his bow. Kenneth, Jessie and her had ‘gone hunting’ after that and damned if they didn’t come back with a rabbit! Kenneth had hit it with his .22 target pistol. The three of them had come whooping and hollering back up the trail like a band of Indians, though even Brad had to admit, in her cut-off jeans and sweat-stained t-shirt, Flame looked like one sexy Pocahontas! 
The implications of that last thought shocked him. Bloody Hell! His cousin had been shot by a maniac, his wife and daughter had been turned to ashes not two weeks ago, the whole fucking world had gone to hell, and here he was ogling a motorcycle chick who shot her lovers in the head!
He didn’t think of Tina that way, and she was young and cute and ---.
Cautiously he examined that thought a little more, worrying over it like a sore tooth. Shock, he reasoned. They were all still in a state of shock. Jesus H. Christ! They’d just gone through the end of the world and topped that off with a shoot-out with a psychopath and his gang! Little wonder he looked around longingly for a little love and kindness. Flame’s sexuality could be nothing more than his reaffirmation of life, a way of convincing himself that he was still alive.
Christ! Now he sounded like a Doctor Phil rerun! Yet the problem of Flame would not go away. Nor, he noted wryly, was he the only male she was having an effect on.
This morning he had been watching Eddy and Billy target practicing. While the two of them had been blasting away, Flame had wandered over. After a while Billy had let her try. The young idiot had actually handed her his gun! Brad had held his breath as she took the weapon. Slowly she had aimed and fired, hitting four of the six cans the men had set up. Brad had only started breathing again when she handed the gun back to a wide-eyed Billy. Next he’d watched dumbfounded as the young fool dug her Smith & Wesson out of his pack, complete with shoulder holster and all, and actually given it to her! Eddy had looked uneasy about the decision, but Billy had insisted.
 Checking to see the gun was loaded, she had fired twice, hitting the two remaining cans. Then she had done something strange. She handed the smoking gun to Eddy and ran off to set the cans up again. Billy had stood in open awe of both her ability as well as the way she moved as she went to set up the cans.
Even Tina seemed to accept her. Yet why not? By shooting Blade, hadn’t Flame saved the girl’s life? Only Eddy seemed unchanged by the amazing Amazon that had deigned to wander amongst them. Eddy, Brad realized, didn’t trust her --- That made Brad feel somewhat better --- and somewhat guilty.
He got up and trickled a little water into his cousin’s mouth. He then wiped his chin, checked his breathing, and went into the main room. The boys were at the table, waiting for Tina to pronounce her muffins ready for consumption. Billy was trying to tune a guitar with only five strings.
“How’s Dad?”, Jessie asked.
“Still sleeping. He took some water.”
Jessie got up and went silently into his father.
Brad ruffled his own son’s hair. “Where’s Eddy?”
“Outside somewhere,” Kenneth smiled, then turned towards the kitchen. “Hey, Tina, those muffins ready yet?”
Brad found Eddy on the steps running an oily rag through the barrel of Josh’s Winchester. His own Remington lay in pieces, the long scope carefully wrapped in a clean Green Leaf t-shirt. Eddy’s eyes sought Brad’s. The question didn’t need to be spoken.
“Still the same,” Brad sighed, sitting down heavily. Only with Eddy could he show his fear. Only with Eddy.
And Eddy didn’t trust her.
They sat there in silence for a time, like two old friends soaking up the summer sun. Only with Eddy --- and with Josh could he truly relax.
 But Josh might die.
“No!” Brad hadn’t realized he’d spoken out loud.
Eddy ignored it, working the overlarge lever on Josh’s short, powerful rifle. “The Duke’s gun.” There was more than a touch of reverence in his voice. “You know, I’ve seen just about every movie John Wayne ever made. A few of them were shit, but most of them were pure gold: Red River, Rio Grand, Fort Apache. My favorite two were The Searchers and True Grit. I saw that one a half dozen times. He was slowing down a bit near the end, but he could still kick ass!”
Suddenly he stood and did a passable impression of The Duke, then worked the lever with the famous ‘flip’. “Josh does it better.”
Both men smiled, then Brad asked where Flame was. Eddy handed him the long rifle scope and nodded at the rocky summit. Brad’s smile vanished as he scanned the bare, rocky cone. The rugged peak leapt closer. A quarter of a mile from the top he saw a figure coming down at a fast pace, red hair flowing out behind. Setting the scope down, Brad met Eddy’s gaze.
“What do we do about her?”
Eddy began assembling his Remington. “I’ve already talked to Tina about that. She thinks we should accept her. She says Flame’s not like the others, that she just fell in with a bad crowd.”
“You buy that?”
Eddy shrugged. “Could be. I think she likes excitement and the bikers gave her that. Now they’re gone and we’re here.”
“What about when we meet a more ‘exciting’ group?”
Eddy shrugged again.
Jessie’s yell made them jump. “He’s awake! Dad’s awake!”
Both men eagerly followed the teenager back into the hut.
***
Two more days of rest, limited exercise and Tina’s home cooking soon restored Josh’s health. Except for a long scar on the left side of his head, he seemed almost as good as new. Josh accepted Flame from the start, listening to Brad’s doubts but pointing out that she had clearly made her choice by shooting Blade and saving Tina. Reluctantly Brad pushed his own doubts aside, along with his ‘other’ feelings.
***
The next day they began the three mile trek down to the road. Due to Josh’s head wound they went slowly, reaching the Ranger Station by mid afternoon. Billy and the boys soon had the flats changed and early the next morning they were on their way towards Mt. Washington. By 9:30 AM the next morning they were in a wooded parking lot of the Cog Railway, at the base of the highest mountain in the east. A small, turn-of-the-century train sat in the bright sunlight, waiting patiently for the next load of tourists that would never come.



A few years earlier, when Jessie was 14 and Josh 41, they had hiked up Mount Washington with Josh’s best friend, ‘Mr. T’ and his son, Tykie. The four of them had camped out under the stars on the windy summit. The boys had made hot chocolate over the one burner camp stove while Josh and Mr. T shared a flask of Scotch. On the way up they had passed the famous ‘Little Train That Could’ and waved at the astonished looking passengers inside. Both those inside looking out and those outside looking in thought the others totally crazy.
Now Josh and his son were about to do it again --- with a whole new set of ‘best friends’.
***
“You sure you’re up to this?”, Brad had asked his cousin. Josh had winked and shouldered his pack, though both Eddy and Billy had already shared out his heavy gear. Joshed carried his rain gear, a sweater and a canteen. Tina, in the lead, kept the pace to an easy stroll.
Soon they were headed up the Ammonoosuc Ravine Trail to Lakes of the Clouds Hut. Built on a windswept plateau, with Mt. Washington’s 6,288 foot peak towering another thousand feet above it, the hut was the highest in the entire system. Tina called it her favorite trail in all the White Mountains. A bitter-sweet memory flooded back to Josh as he remembered how much his wife had loved it as well.



Half way up they came to Jem Pool, a crystal clear basin of greenish-blue water at the bottom of a long series of falls and slides. All pulled out bathing suits and went off searching for a private place to change. When they returned, they found Flame and Og already in the pool. The water was crystal clear. Like the pup, Flame wore only the suit she was born in.
Grinning, Josh herded all the males further up to swim in the falls, leaving the pool for the females.
An hour later, on the steep trail above the pool, Brad, bringing up the rear, suddenly came across Flame sitting on a log having a smoke. The day had turned very hot and Flame’s white t-shirt was soaked with sweat. Brad tried his damnedest to keep his eyes of her nipples.
She patted the log beside her.
“Take a load off, Brad. I’ve been waiting to talk to you.”
Brad sat down, not bothering to take off his pack.
As was her want, Flame got right to the point. “You don’t trust me much, do you?”
Before he could respond, she continued. “Oh, I know you like what you see, but you still don’t trust me.” She turned to face him, her left breast brushing his arm. He suddenly felt like he’d been burned. Looking up into her green eyes, he saw both frankness and a hint of laughter. “I just wanted to let you know it’s cool. I don’t blame you for not trusting me. As for the other, well, I’m used to it. I even enjoy it --- at least, I used to.”
Brad held her mocking gaze. “Why are you telling me this?”
She smiled, a real smile this time, yet still with a hint of something else. “All my life, Brad,  I’ve been looking for something. I guess you’d call it freedom. That’s why I hung out with bikers. I tried the surfer shit, but they’re just brainless kids always searching for the ‘perfect fucking wave’. For a while I hung around with rock bands, but all they wanted was drugs and endless sex. Bikers are much the same, but at least they do things, go places. They even have their own kind of honor. I like that about them best. “ She turned away, her voice dropping. “They’re not all like that pig Snake.”
Not knowing what else to say, Brad asked her about Blade. She smiled, yet there was a lingering sadness in her eyes. “He was up front. He could be a nice guy. Under all the macho shit he actually cared about me. He was the one that saved me after the world went belly-up. Those first couple of days --- without him I wouldn’t have made it.”
“And yet you shot him.” That came out harsher than he wanted, but still it had to be said.
Her green eyes went the color of steel. “He was going to kill Tina. At first I thought it was just a bluff,  a chance to get the two of us away from you guys and Snake. But then I saw it in his eyes. He would have done her for sure.”
She fumbled in her pack for another cigarette. The zipper snagged and she gave up. Brad thought she was either telling the truth or giving a damned good performance. A picture flashed in his mind of her accepting an Oscar for her part in the hit film ‘Biker Sluts From Hell’. In his mind her dress was cut all the way to her navel. 
When she turned back to face him, her Smith & Wesson was in her hand. Brad’s heart dropped to the pit of his stomach. It was only after she reversed her grip and handed him the gun that he noticed there were tears in her eyes.
“I know that you and Eddy don’t trust me. The rest do, even Josh to a point, but you and Eddy don’t. If I give you this, maybe you will.”
Brad frowned down at the heavy gun as she continued.
“I don’t want to be alone. Never have. And now that the world has gone to shit it’s even worse.” Her hands went to the hem of her sweat-stained t-shirt. Slowly it began to rise. “I’ve seen how you look at me. It’s okay. Like I said, sometimes I even like it.” The shirt was high on her chest now. Brad suddenly found the sun very warm indeed. Her voice purred on, though he wasn’t watching her lips. “I just thought that maybe we could be --- friends.”
His hand slowly reached out. His fingers touched hers --- gently pulling the shirt back down. Then his eyes sought hers. They looked as deep and clear as the beautiful Gem Pool. His voice sounded lower than usual.
“I’d like to be your friend. And to be honest, I’d like the other as well --- but not this way.”
“Why not?”, she asked. “I can tell you want to.”
Brad smiled warmly. “Friends don’t take advantage of friends.”
She sat looking at him for some time, then leaned forward and kissed him lightly on the cheek. “You’re one of the ‘good guys’, aren’t you? Just like Josh.” Then she hefted her pack and started up the trail. After a few strides she stopped and looked back. There was a hint of mischief now in her green eyes. She nodded at her gun still in his hand.
“Keep that for me. But remember, friend; you can give it to me whenever you want.”
With that she was gone up the trail, leaving Brad to ponder the double meaning to her words.
***

Chapter 19


San Bernardino
California July 11

Jocco Wellington was not in a good mood, and when that happened, more than shit hit the fan. Bobby-Joe Burlis glanced nervously at George the Man. Both had been given field promotions two weeks before. Now, as senior officers in the Army of the Dark Stranger, Jocco held them accountable for any and all screw-ups.
They’d been in San Bernardino for three days. Every few hours one of his Sweep Crews, led by an original recruit from China Late, brought in new applicants. These were quickly processed. Name, age and a brief background were noted, along with any special skills or abilities. Then the applicant was then tested. Those that passed were issued army fatigues and given the rank of private; those that failed were taken out back and shot. The pile of bodies at the rear of the plush hotel was growing rapidly, yet not as quickly as the ‘army’ itself. 
Still, Jocco was far from satisfied. For one thing, the goddamned power was off! Not just here, but everywhere! It happened the day after they arrived. Power meant not only that the lights didn’t work, but the elevators, stoves, fridges, everything electrical had all suddenly gone the way of the fucking dinosaur!
Then there was the goddamned traffic! Stalled, wrecked and abandoned cars everywhere! It had been bad enough coming down I-15 from Barstow, but the closer they had gotten to San Bernardino, the worse it had become. The centre of town was a bloody nightmare!
Surprisingly it was Lt. Walter Piss-In-His-Pants Pinkton who had come to Jocco’s rescue. The timid little faggot was a fucking genius when it came to organization! The Sweep Crews had been his idea, as had the Road Crews who cleared the area around the hotel and the Cook Crews who found propane stoves and lanterns and kept Jocco’s growing army eating as well as moving. Even the Test Crews had been Pinkton’s brainchild!
No longer was the ‘initiation’ one long drawn-out drunken gang-rape. No way Hoe-Say! Wicked Walter had suggested that each candidate be told very clearly exactly what was expected of him, then taken to one of the hotel’s testing rooms. Inside he’d find an armed guard and a woman tied to a bed. If the candidate passed, fine. If he didn’t, well, the Sweep Crews were bringing in a constant line of new candidates and Walter’s Burial Crews were there to take care of those who failed. That dubious duty, by the way, fell to the newly recruited members of Jocco’s merry men. After that they worked their way up to Latrine Crew. Like newly made Lieutenant Georgie-Porgie laughingly reminded them: “It may be a ‘shitty job’ boys, but it beats the fuck out of burying your buddy – Hoo Raw!”
Jocco had set Pinkton the up in the room down the hall from his. There the little prick was told to write down any and all ideas that came into his perverted but very fertile mind. Jocco had been so pleased with the little shit’s twisted plans that he had given him his pick of the women. Walter had chosen the blonde they had found hiding in the church at Barstow. Though he hadn’t seen it himself, Bobby-Joe had told him that Walter kept her chained naked to the bed and higher than a kite on pills Rat found for him.
Walter J. it seemed had a latent taste for S & M. ‘Good’, Jocco had reasoned. ‘It never huts to know a man’s weaknesses.’
***
“What is it, gentlemen?”, Jocco quietly asked the two men suddenly standing before him. His voice, coming from behind the manager’s desk in the Plaza Hotel, was soft, cold and very dangerous.
Bobby-Joe glanced at George, then spoke up. “It’s the fucking traffic, Jocco! The road to the airport is all jammed with wrecks!”
“Then clear them, Lieutenant. By tomorrow.”
“I’ll need more men and more tow-trucks.”
Jocco looked down at the duty roster Walter had drawn up. “Use the Road Crew working outside. Take Corporal Shehe and his Weapons Crew as well. But get it done!”
Bobby-Joe scrubbed the stubble on his chin. He was tired, filthy and in need of a hot shower and a cold drink. He was also pissed off and about to step out on some very thin ice. “Shit, Jocco, what’s the fucking rush? I mean, we’re stretched out as it is! Half the men are out on Sweeps, the other half are working there asses off ‘round here!”
Jocco smiled, all the while fixing him with that cold stare . Bobby-Joe suddenly felt the already thin ice get one hell of a lot thinner. His stomach did a half-gainer while his scrotum tried to crawl back into their hairy sack.
“By tomorrow, Lieutenant.” The moment stretched away into eternity, then was gone as Jocco turned that cold smile from Bobby-Joe to George. “How are the Tests coming along?”
George the Man fumbled a small notebook from his pocket. “Pam the Bitch says another seven men passed. That makes a total of twenty-one in three days. Pretty good, eh?”
“How many women found?”
George didn’t need to refer to his notes for that one. “Five today, but two of them were old scrags. I assigned them to the Cook Crew. The three younger ones went to the Test Crew.”
“Well done, Lieutenant. If you wish, you may choose one for the rest of your shift.”
George the Man’s expression lit up. Since they’d reached town all of them had been working eighteen hour shifts. “Fucking-A!”
“Dismissed, gentlemen.”
Bobby-Joe was hastily following an ecstatic George out the door when Jocco softly called him back. Walking around to meet him, Jocco placed a hand on the shorter, heavier man’s shoulder.
“We’re moving blind here, Bobby-Joe. As you yourself pointed out, ground travel is hampered by the stalled traffic, yet I need to see what’s out there. A blind army is easily defeated. I need to reach that airport.”
Bobby-Joe nodded, willing himself not to sweat. “Okay, Jocco. I’ll do my best.”
Jocco clapped him on the shoulder; his voice had that velvet edge to it that sent shivers down Bobby-Joe’s spine. “I know you will. Oh, and Bobby-Joe, when you get the road cleared, tell George to pass on his new distraction on to you when he’s finished. Just as failure should not go unpunished, I believe hard work should not go unrewarded.”
Bobby-Joe nodded and left quickly, glad to have escaped the room alive. It didn’t do to disappoint Jocco. It didn’t do at all!
***
Four doors down from where Bobby-Joe stood sweating in the hall, Lt. Walter J. Pinkton stood looking down at the naked girl on the bed. As her eyes widened with fear, a little shiver of his own ran down his spine. The pretty blonde pulled on the handcuffs chaining her to the brass bed. The effort made her small breasts heave, increasing Walter’s shiver. Stepping forward, he grabbed her stringy hair. She glared up at him, defiance showing through her drug induced haze.
‘So lovely, he thought. ‘So soft. So mine!’
***
The act itself didn’t take very long. When it was over he walked on trembling knees into the bathroom. Ten minutes later, having showered and put on clean fatigues, he was once sitting at his desk, pen in hand. The blonde on the bed now forgotten.
He wrote on the thick, leather bound journal, his letters neat and precise.

1]Data base needed. Get lap-top computer. Extra batteries needed.
2]Portable gas generators needed.
3]Look into heating hot water for officers.
4]Burial Crew changed to Flame Crew.
5]Topographical maps of area needed.
6]Double number of Testing Teams.
7]Double number of Weapons Training Crews.

The blonde let out a little moan. He frowned at her, then turned back to his list.

8]Get more pills from Rat.
9]Set up Transportation Crew. Buses and trucks equipped with CB’s.
10]Set up Communications Crew. Check local radio stations.

He paused for a moment, a cold smile crossing his pinched features.
11]Double the  Punishment Crew.
12]Public execution for all serious offenders.
13]Crucifixions or beheadings?
14]Heads on poles sends better message
15]Plus bodies can be burned.
16]Check with Jocco!!!

Satisfied, Walter put his gold pen down and poured himself a glass of wine. All in all, it had been a very successful morning. In fact, these last two weeks had been the best in his career. Where, he mused as he sipped his wine, had it all started? Ah, yes. With the death of God. Well, not God really, but with the idea of God. 
‘But then, wasn’t that the same thing?’
 
A song from the long ago prayer meetings Ma and Pa Pinkton had dragged him to sprang unbidden into his head. The tune was familiar, but the words, like the world itself, had changed.

‘Jocco loves me this I know,
My Baptist background tells me so.’
God has turned away His face.
Now Jocco sits in His high place.’

What had that stupid priest called him? The Antichrist?
Fool! Jocco had saved the idiot from a useless life of bland ignorance! Just as he had saved Walter J. Pinkton from the same fate!

Walter reached again for the wine bottle. As he did so his eye fell on a book he had picked up in the Barstow Public Library. The Complete Works of William Shakespeare. Walter had always wanted to be an actor, a fact that would have sent both his parents to their guilt-ridden knees frantically begging their deaf God just where the holy-fuck they had they gone wrong.
And young wayward Walter hadn’t wanted to be just any actor. Lord Almighty no! Walter had dreamt of becoming a Shakespearean actor, a thespian to the great Bard himself! 
In his secret heart Walter already was, knowing many of the great one-liners by heart.

Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears!’
‘Out, out damned spot!’ or the ever popular:
‘To be, or not to be --- that is the question.’

At Military Collage he had plucked up his courage to the sticking place and nervously tried out for the school’s production of Henry V. All his ‘great skill’ had won him was a nonspeaking part, but at least he had been involved! It had been the highlight to his otherwise uneventful life. The costumes, the color, the pageantry, while all around him the great Bard’s words rang in his ears! Almost breathless with stage-fright, he had been the one to help the young King Harry up onto the cart when he gave his famous pep-talk to his vastly outnumbered troops just before the Battle of Agincourt. Even back then Walter could recite the monologue at ease --- as long as he was alone in front of mirror in a locked bathroom. Put another living being in front of him however and his traitorous tongue did a swan dive into the crapper. Still, the golden words lingered in his twisted brain.

‘He that has no stomach for this fight,
Let him depart! His passport shall be made,
And crowns for convoy put into his purse.
We would not die in that man’s company
That fears his fellowship to die with us!’

Walter liked that! A ‘fellowship of soldiers’, a ‘band of brothers’, all sworn to win together, or die together!
As a child Walter had been lonely. Growing up on a poor excuse for a farm with even poorer excuse for parents, young Walter had retreated into fantasy. Comics first; moving quickly through sci-fi and romantic adventures, on to poetry, the classics; then, finally, the Bard himself. But grass-root Fundamental Baptists would have no truck with any of the ‘Devil’s Playthings’! Gambling, dancing, rock music --- or acting! All of them were very high up on the very long and often quoted ‘Though Shalt Not’ List.
When a skinny, bispeckled Walter had nervously announced that he was going into the army, his mother had literally fallen on her knees. What followed was a great deal of wringing of hands and gnashing of teeth. Walter’s father however, secretly fearing that his puny offspring was a sodomite-in-the-making, agreed, saying that maybe, with God’s help, the army could make a man out of him.
Walter left that very next day and never went back.
Military College, however, turned out to be somewhat of a disappointment for both Walter and his father. Though his grades were good, his social skills were in the toilet. His classmates found him a geek. His instructors found him a geek. Later, his fellow officers at China Beach found him a geek. Walter firmly believed that his own father also found him a geek, with a side-order of closet-queen thrown in.
Walter himself was tempted to agree with them. Only when he let his mind roam through the glorious tragedies of Shakespeare did his life seem to take on meaning. Hamlet’s famous soliloquy of self-doubt: "To be or not to be", fit him like a glove.
Then The Cleansing had happened and everything, including him, changed.
At first he had been terribly afraid. He awoke feeling like the mad King Lear left alone on the wild and tempestuous heath. Demons beset him on all sides. Waving bayonets and AR-15’s instead of swords, but demons none-the-less! Killings, rapes, and a host of casual cruelties. And Jocco had led them. The Prince of Darkness gathering his demonic hoard!
But then something else very strange had happened to him. A type of inner awakening or mental metamorphosis began to take place inside him. With the killing of the priest in Bakersfield, Walter had suddenly realized that not only was the World dead, but that God Himself was dead as well --- if indeed He had ever lived at all!
The revelation shook him to the very roots of his being. 
Right after that Walter had plucked up his courage and gone to Jocco; had ‘auditioned’ for him in such a way that he won not only a part in the macabre drama, but a major role! A part that called for him to do more than act, but to create as well! To dip into the well-spring of his mind and draw forth all the gloriously pagan fantasies he kept locked!
Sitting there in his room with a naked love-slave chained to his bed, he sipped from a glass that in his mind’s eye had become a jewel-encrusted goblet, and all the while the Bard’s words thundered across the dream-scape that was his demented mind.

‘Tis now the very witching hour of the night,
When churchyards yawn and Hell itself breeds out
Contagion to this world.
Now could I drink hot blood!
And do such bitter business as the day would
Quake to look on!’

Grinning like Yorick’s skull, Walter turned towards the bed. 
A golden cascade of hair moved on the silken sheets. A wanton slut encased in a virgin’s flawless shell. His. To do with as he so chose. The mere thought of such power made his head spin!
The wine glass slipped from his hand, spilling its redness into the plush hotel carpet. Hot blood turning swiftly cool. The warmth in his groin suddenly cooling as well. Lust having flown, there remained the lasting residue of love. Not for the thing on the bed, but for the one that had put her there.

Jocco.
The Savior.
The Antichrist.
The Dark Stranger.

To Walter he was all these things and more! The boy-king Harry spoke again in Walter’s ear, only this time with Jocco’s voice.

‘We few, we happy few. We band of brothers;
For he who sheds his blood for me this day
Shall be my brother! Be he ever so base,
This day shall gentle his condition.
And gentlemen back home abed will think
Themselves accursed they were not here,
And hold their manhood cheap!
Whilst any speaks, that fought with us,
Upon this glorious quest!’

When Walter had first read those words he had openly wept. Even now they moved him to tears. Getting drunkenly to his feet, he staggered over to the bed. The creature waiting there for her Lord and Master, cowered back, but the Lord marked it not. Instead, the master of all he surveyed, laid down on the bed, curled up into a ball and slept the sleep of fallen angels.
***

Chapter 20


Los Angeles
California July 12

Jocco did indeed reach Rialto Municipal Airport the next day, and he brought with him most of the original China Beach crew. He’d left Bobby-Joe in charge of the new recruits. Walter was also left behind. Flight Lieutenant Sam Waterman, however, was not. Indeed, being the only one who could fly, Sam was the key to the whole operation. The nurse, Shirley Bates, was also there to make sure Sammy-boy did as he was told. As a precaution, Jocco also brought two of the newer females as well. If push came to shove, he could always off one of them and still have the nurse to bargain with. The second one was just in case Sammy-boy got a little testy. Clearly Jocco was a man who believed in planning ahead.
After some searching, they found a twin-engine twenty seater all gassed up and ready to go. After clearing one runway, Sixteen heavily armed ‘vets’, including Pam the Bitch and Pussbag, climbed on board. 
By 8:30 AM they were airborne.
The flight plan was simple. Fly west ninety miles and circle over L.A. If things looked kosher, they could then land at Santa Monica Municipal Airport. Beverly Hills was only a dozen miles north-west on Santa Monica Blvd. It had always been Jocco’s life-long dream to live there. Not because of the actors. He knew instinctively he’d have nothing in common with those stuck-up assholes. Something else besides the ‘big names’ drew him; the pool, the maid, the chauffeur, the fucking ‘works’. But most of all, the power!
Now it seemed his dream would soon be coming true.
Half an hour later, Lt. Sam Waterman banked the plain sharply to the left. A thousand feet below them, the tangled metropolis spread out in all directions. Jocco, sitting in the co-pilot’s seat, looked eagerly down on his kingdom-to-be.
A vast network of concrete veins crisscrossed the area. L.A., after all, was a city in which the car was not only a status symbol, but a necessity. Without wheels in L.A., you got nowhere. Now, looking down at the endless wrecks and mile-long pile-us, Jocco realized the centre city was lost to him. A wasteland of rusting metal, accessible only on foot. He told Sam to fly north toward West Hollywood. Beverly Hills lay just beyond that. As they flew over the less populated area, they left the clogged freeways behind. To the left the parched, brown hills gave way to the greens of the much higher Santa Monica Mountains. In the far distance the snowy peaks of the Sierra Madres thrust up above the horizon.
Jocco consulted a detailed map of the area. The tall buildings behind them, he had Sam drop down to three hundred feet and cut his speed. His heart gave a little jump as they passed over the seemingly endless lots of Twentieth Century Fox Studios. Wilshire Golf Course lay spread out beneath him. Off to the right the Hollywood Bowl gleamed like a diamond in the sun. Then they were over Sunset Blvd. Coldwater Canyon led up to the homes of the once fabulously rich and famous and now the very fabulously dead and forgotten. Jocco, heir to the suddenly vacant throne, was about to claim the crown.
***
Then he saw them. A yellow jeep and a dark van winding their way down Laurel Canyon Drive. The jeep had three or four people in it. Grabbing his binoculars, he had Sam bank around for a closer look. What he saw did not make him a happy camper.
The jeep did indeed hold four people. All of them looked like teenagers and all of them were loaded for bear. The van had a section of the top cut away and what looked like a machine gun mounted on the top. A quarter mile in front of the jeep were two motorcycles. Two more brought up the rear.
“Shit!”, Jocco swore.
Sam turned to Jocco and grinned for the first time in three weeks. “Looks like you’re not the only one who wants to take a dip in Madonna’s pool.”
Jocco smiled coldly. “Shut the fuck up, fly-boy and take us down.”
***
Ten minutes later they had landed at Santa Monica Airport. Half an hour after that they were driving up the boulevard with the same name. Their vehicles were two large cargo trucks and a monstrous thing best described as a bulldozer on wheels. Roy Heller led in a small red pick-up with Rat riding shotgun in the back. Jocco was heading for the promised land and he had no intention of going empty handed.
Pam Gliss, affectionately known as Pam the Bitch, sat in the back as the open bulldozer wound its way up into Beverly Hills. 


Her AR-15 rested on her hip, her hard eyes looked on in wonder at the mansions all round her, Pam tuned to Tim Galt. “Look at that one, Timmy! Sheee-yit! We could have landed the fucking plain on the front lawn!”
Tim, grinning like a fool, nodded. Jocco and his driver, Nathan Height, road up front. Pussbag sat like a living gargoyle on the hood, just behind the dozers triangular scoop. Up ahead, Roy’s red pick-up led the way. Rat stood in the back, a rope holding him upright, his Defender shotgun clutched in both hands.
They’d been winding through the hills for some time now and hadn’t spotted anyone. Even wrecks were few and far between. A Rolls here, a Jag there. A little while ago they’d passed a Porsche smashed into a stone wall --- but for the most part the going was fairly easy.
Then they rounded a bend and saw the yellow jeep parked by a large wrought-iron fence. Two teenagers sat drinking and smoking in the shade. Loud rock music blasted from their vehicle so neither one heard a thing until Jocco’s dozer plowed into the rear of the jeep.
As the sound of grinding metal reached their foggy brains, both jumped up and reached for their guns. Both were dead however before the weapons were half way out.
The front gates were unlocked. A nudge from the Toyota made them swing wide. Rat, reloading his smoking Defender, looked back at Jocco for orders. Getting the go ahead, he grinned and banged on the pick-up’s roof.
“Floor it, Reg. It’s fucking Miller Time!”
The red Toyota roared up the tree-lined drive, the dozer and the two cargo trucks following.
***
Chad Hastings, or Bad Chad as the rest of the Lost Boys called him, was out back by the pool. An original Louis XIV table sat beside him, its gleaming surface holding a crystal punchbowl half filled with pills. A veritable smorgasbord of American Pie. Reds, whites and blues, mixed in with uppers, downers and your ever-popular tabs of LSD. A box of very stale donuts awaited for desert. A fifth of Scotch and a half gone bottle of Southern Comfort was on hand to wash down this sumptuous fair. Fittingly, Janis Joplin blared forth from the speakers cunningly hid all around the pool  and powered by a gas driven generator inside the pool house. Also fittingly couple of naked sun worshippers danced their little teen-aged hearts out to the playlist of Golden Oldies But Goodies.
Relaxed in a lawn chair, Bad Chad watched as their breasts, one pair small and upturned, the other heavy as melons, bounced in time to the beat. The brunette sitting astride both him and his lawn chair was already in orbit. Her large, vacant eyes gazed dreamily off into space as she simultaneously stroked him with one hand and herself with the other. Bad Chad, however, hardly felt a thing. The uppers he had taken on the way back from the Farmers Market back on Wilshire were just starting to kick in with a vengeance! Somewhere in the fuzzy distance, Janice n’ good ol’ Bobby McGee gave way to The Byrds. Eight Miles High n’, fallin’ fast! All around him the rest of the Lost Boys were engaged in whatever depraved little personal activity turned them on.
Through a world suddenly gone mega-weird, Chaddy-baby saw Gears do a cannon ball off the diving board. The water droplets from his splash seemed to take forever to fall back to earth. Across the pool some blonde was treating Smoke and Moose to a double feature. Through a haze of burnt meat and burnt-out brain cells the Chadmyster saw Cowboy fanning flames at the large Bar-B-Q. Down at the Market they’d picked up a bunch of frozen steaks. Well, half frozen. Since the power had gone off a couple of days ago, the thought flickered through Chad’s chemically intoxicated mind that these might be the last steaks he’d ever eat. For several reasons. So what?, a little voice said from deep inside him. You can always phone out for pizza.
But even zonked as he was, Chad didn’t need his two years at the U of Southern Cal. to tell him that the days of fast delivery were over n’ done. Just look the fuck around ya, Bro! The world is deader than a fucking used condom!
Ya, Chaddy?, the little voice inside him whispered. What about that fucking plane? Federalise on the way? Narc Squad come to bust your lily white ass?
Chad took a swig of Southern Comfort, but somehow didn’t feel too damn comfortable. Glancing up, he saw that the brunette, now looking a hell of a lot like good old Janis herself, had given up on the hand action and was working on becoming a human shishcabob, using the lower part of himself as the skewer.
Despite her actions, that little voice in the back of Chad’s head kept churning out the goodies. Its all over, Chad baby. The entire world just packed it in, leaving you and these fun-seeking air-heads as tombstones. The Lost Boys my ass! Gears, Dude, Cowboy, and any other walking-dead you find, don’t mean shit! You can run, Chaddy-Waddy, but you can not hide. Mr. Goodtime always leaves a bill, and sooner or later you have to pay his price!
Chad shook his head in an effort to still the voice, but only succeeded in making everything spin. The world had receded to a hazy kind of Rockwellian nightmare. Even good old Janis, now deeply in the saddle and wildly riding the range, seemed like a twisted dream. Reality was the worm in his head. That all seeing, all knowing worm that kept on broadcasting the same message over and over. The Timex worm; takes a licking but keeps on ticking.
And just what the fuck was this all important message?
Simply this, Bro. That despite the tough front, despite all the guns and the drugs and the never-ending party, Big Bad Chad was scared shitless. The fast talking, cool walking leader of the Lost Boys was no different than any other lost child. Cold, tired and longing to go home.
But there is no home to go to, Chaddy!, the worm shouted gleefully. What ya see, Babe, is what ya get! Yuka-yuka!



Trying to ignore the insane laughter in his head, Chad focused on the brunette. Suddenly, beyond her bouncing body, beyond the pool and the smoking Bar-B-Q, Chad caught a glimpse of forms moving toward him. Leaning around Jumping Janis, Chad saw more forms pouring out the large patio doors at the rear of the house! Still others appeared on the upstairs balcony!
The digital playlist of ‘rock giants’ however continued on. The Byrds had flown. Jimmy H. instead of Janis J. now pumped out their dead lyrics. Gotta love those oldie n’ deadies! Purple Haze roared all around him as the base beat poured through him. Vainly he shoved the brunette aside and fought his way out of the chair.

Excuse me, while I kiss the sky!

He had made it half way when the shots began. Gears, struck several times just as he reached the apex of his dive, looked like an epileptic in mid seizure. His body, riddled with holes, splashed into the clear water. Pink froth flowed around him. Someone screamed. More shots followed. The screaming stopped. The shots did not.
Chad frantically groped around for the snub-nosed .38 he had stashed under his towel. 
The weapon was almost in his grasp when a rifle butt slammed into his head and ‘Purple Haze’ of a different kind suddenly filled his mind.
***
“He’s coming around, Boss,” an excited voice said.
“Good,” a cooler one replied. “Perhaps a dip in the pool will speed things up.”
Chad heard the words as though from a long way off. Part of him wondered who they were talking about. Then rough hands grabbed him. A moment later he was weightless; then gravity took over and he splashed into the pool. Water went up his nose and down his throat. Opening his eyes for the first time, he fought his way up toward the light. Gasping, he thrashed about. Something was beside him. He clutched it to him. Gears’ face stared back at him, a look of surprise frozen on his dead features. Screaming, Chad shoved the body away. Then someone had him by the hair. More pain followed. The concrete edge of the pool ground into his stomach. Retching, he again opened his eyes. They focused on polished combat boots. He promptly shut them again.
“Bring him here,”, the cold voice said.
Chad didn’t like that voice. There was something under its calm exterior that Big Bad Chad would rather not get to know. It seemed, however, that he was to have very little say in the matter. The rough hands were already lifting him again. 
“Look at me,” the cold voice ordered.
Chad obeyed. He was afraid not to. Pussbag’s bayonet was at his throat.
Jocco stood before him. His grey eyes bore into him. Though there was a smile on his handsome face, the eyes showed just the opposite. Chad was suddenly aware of his nakedness. As he reached down to cover his genitals, a large woman with brown stubble growing on her shaved head, sneered.
“Let it hang, Pretty Boy. So far its the only part of you worth shit!”
Laughter followed, cut off quickly as Jocco turned and frowned. Chad 
reddened, but drew his hand away. Out of the corner of his eye he saw several of the Lost Boys sprawled on the ground. Four girls were huddled at the far end of the pool. Chad’s former pool partner was among them. A man and a woman dressed like soldiers and armed with military rifles stood guard over the frightened group.
Jocco sat down beside the Louis XIV table. Though it was a sunny day, darkness seemed to surround him. As those wolf-grey eyes stared up at him, Chad felt his knees grow weak. “What’s your name?” The cold voice grated against Chad’s ears, yet he responded quickly. Jocco asked several more questions, then told someone to give Chad a towel. He took it gratefully. 
“So, these ‘Lost Boys’ are yours?” Jocco asked.
Chad nodded.
Jocco suddenly smiled. “Not any more. As of right now all of you are part of my little organization. I’m forming an army. They call it the Army of the Dark Stranger.” As he spoke he drew one of the .45 automatics he carried in twin shoulder holsters. “You and your friends can either join  --- or die.” He cocked his head to one side at the same time as he cocked the gun. “Which is it to be?”
Chad almost wet himself right then and there. These guys were for real!
What the fuck did you expect, Chaddy?, the worm’s voice chortled from deep inside his head. I told you that sooner or later you’d have to pay the piper. Now it’s time to either shit or get off the pot, Chaddy-boy --- shit or get off the fucking pot.
The muzzle of the heavy .45 swung up. To Chad it looked like the mouth of a really big cannon. “I’m waiting,” Jocco beamed.
“But you can’t...!”
The cannon boomed, taking with it all Chad’s objections as well as most of his hearing and a tiny chunk off the top of his left ear.
“I’ll join! I’ll join! Just don’t shoot me again!”
The gun lowered. “I thought you’d see the light.” Jocco turned to George the Man. “Bring them all into the living room in five minutes. Dress the men but leave the women naked. And get that body out of the pool --- I might want a dip later.”
George saluted smartly, then began barking orders. Chad and the others were hustled toward the large mansion. Five minutes later, now dressed in shorts and a T-shirt, Chad again found himself standing before the man with the wolf-grey eyes. Blood still flowed from his ear, but the ringing had almost stopped.
***
There were eleven of them left. Chad and the other six men stood in a line, their eyes downcast. Crazy and Cowboy had at first refused to follow orders, but after Pussbag sliced off Crazy’s earlobe, the Lost Boys jumped into line right quick. Crazy, a towel pressed against the side of his head, needed to be held up by Four Wheels and Cowboy. Chad could dig that. His own ‘ear-job’ was only a nick, but blood still trickled down into is long hair. The four women, ranging in age from sixteen to twenty-something, stood shivering in a huddle. Despite the heat, goose bumps stood out on their naked flesh.
Jocco’s soldiers formed a circle around them. The two women among them, Pam Gliss and a relative newcomer named Eva Madeau, both brandished AR-15’s. Pam the Bitch looked tough. Eva Madeau looked tougher. Tim Galt had dubbed them the Bitch and the Butch respectively. Pam seemed to have enjoyed it. Eva had grabbed Tim by the balls till he howled.
The leader of the Army of the Dark Stranger now addressed the Lost Boys. His tone was quiet and commanding, a patient father instructing his wayward offspring. The gist of it was this: Chad was now a sergeant, the Lost Boys was his platoon. Jocco would return in a week or two; when he did he expected to find things changed. Radically changed. The taking of drugs would stop. The partying would stop. They would gather cases of food and supplies from the local stores. They would comb the city and bring any survivors back here. They would not mistreat those they found, yet neither would they include any of them in their group. When Jocco returned, all would be ‘tested’. As sergeant, Chad would be held personally responsible for any and all screw-ups. Did he and his little buddies all understand?
Most of the Lost Boys merely nodded. Chad, however, heartily agreed. Ever since the pandemic --- hell, even before it, he’d been caught up in a never-ending story of sex, drugs and rock n’ roll.
Party hearty, Dude!
Yet underneath it all there had been the fear. The heart-stopping, cock-shrinking, wake-in-the middle-of-the-fucking-night kind of fear that made the family jewels crawl up in a corner of your gut and cry Momma! Oh, he’d hidden it from the others, and at times, even from himself, but down deep the worm was always there, always eating away at him.
And now Mr. Goodtime had indeed delivered his bill just as Wormy-baby had said he would. A part of Chad was even glad Jocco had come, for now he wouldn’t have to worry about what decisions to make while trying so desperately to look cool.
Where to go; who to trust; what the fuck to do?! 
Now Jocco would see to all that. Bad Chad was still leader of the Lost Boys, but now they weren’t lost any more. Jocco had lifted a great weight from him, set him on a path and given him a purpose --- and all it had cost him was an empty crown that he never really wanted in the first place. 
Had he been there, Lt. Walter Pinkton would have had an apt quote for the occasion:

‘But if you hide the crown,
Even in your heart,
There will He rake for it!’

Looking into those wolf-grey eyes, Chad realized that Jocco would not be content to use a rake. No way, Hozay! This cold-hearted mother-fucker would use a chainsaw! And a Christly BIG one at that!
***
“Are there any questions?”
Chad shook his head.
“Good. My squad and I will be leaving now. But we’ll be back.” There was a pause, then: “See that my orders are carried out, Sergeant.”
Chad nodded, and received a hard smack on his still bleeding ear from Eva Madeau. “Salute, Shit-head!”
Chad drew himself up and saluted smartly. “Yes, Sir!”
Jocco smiled. “You learn fast, Sergeant. See that your men do as well.”
“Yes, Sir!”
Jocco turned to Eva. “Bring the brunette.”
The husky woman grinned and yanked the frightened girl away from the others. She screamed and tried to pull away, so Eva thrust the barrel of her AR-15 into the open mouth. The brunette ceased her struggling.
Still smiling, Jocco turned and walked back to the parked vehicles. Pussbag and the others flowed after him, drawn along like gulls following a shark. Before leaving, George the Man leaned toward Chad, intent on imparting a bit of sage advice.
“Don’t even think of running, Limp-dick! Jocco wouldn’t like that. Just do as he says and things will work out fine. And remember, we WILL be back.”
When they were alone again, the Lost Boys crowded around Chad. Some were angry, some were scared. The three remaining girls were crying. Crazy sat slumped on the floor, the towel stained with his own blood still pressed to his missing ear.
Four Wheels finally asked. “What do we do now,?”
Chad’s answer was quick in coming. “You heard the man, you’ll do exactly what you’re told to do. We all will.” He glanced down at Crazy. “We’ll start with getting Crazy fixed up. Girls, see to it. Smoke, Four Wheels, go get rid of Gears’ body. Cowboy, cook us up some more steaks and don’t burn the fuckers this time!” Chad fixed them all with what he hoped was a ‘cold stare’ of his own. “And no more booze or pills! After we eat we got a lot of work to do. Now move it!”
Slowly at first, but quicker as the realization set in that they too once again had some purpose in life, they began to carry out their appointed tasks. Watching them go, a smile of his own slowly crept across Chad’s face. He had never really liked being king. Too many fucking decisions! But he sure as hell liked being the boss. A big fish in a small pond was what he was meant to be. The smile grew into a grin, the grin into a laugh. Life for Big Bad Sergeant Chad was once again sweet.
***

Chapter 21



Acadia National Park
Maine July 20

Flame’s new Harley led the way over the low bridge. Behind her came the two vans. The tow-truck brought up the rear. A bullet hole on the passenger’s side showed that it had been a rough couple of weeks in more ways than one.
On either side of them the sea sparkled like diamonds in the afternoon sun. Ahead lay Acadia National Park, a mountainous kidney shaped chunk of the Maine coast that thrust a dozen miles out into the cold, blue Atlantic.
They had just come down from Bangor, where they had spent a few days with Maybelle Smith and her group. Maybelle was the new Mayor of Bangor, elected unanimously by the seventeen survivors of that fair city. Maybelle, in Josh’s words, was a real pistol!
Grey haired and portly, she had almost singlehandedly gathered all the remnants of humanity she could find and was well on her way to forging a new community. A month after the old world had died, Maybelle Smith was already building a new one.
Josh and his group had been well received. With the lights and power and now all the computers and smart phones being off, news of any kind was welcome. A week or so earlier another group had passed through. A man and a woman from Halifax, Canada. They had a four year old with them and were heading for Florida. Like Josh’s party, they had stayed for a few days, wished Mayor Maybelle well, and left.
Twice on the way from Mt. Washington to Bar Harbor they had met other communities. Unlike the good folks at Bangor however, these other groups had not rolled out the welcome mat. In Augusta the I-95 off ramp had been guarded by armed men. They wanted no trouble, but they also wanted no outsiders. South of Bangor, in a little village called Green Lake, they had been shot at. People it seemed, had quickly become very leery of strangers.
Just over the heavy wooden bridge they stopped at the Acadia National Park Information Station for a detailed map of the park. The sun was going down and they ‘camped’ right there  at the Welcome Center. The view of the ocean was spectacular.



The main reason they had come here was that Billy had an uncle in a little fishing village called Bass Harbour that he used to visit during the summers. Though he hadn’t been back for five years, he still had fond memories of working on his Uncle Jim’s lobster boat.
So far they had looked up several relatives of the group at various locations. None had been found. No-one, not even Billy, expected to find Uncle Jim alive and well and still lobster fishing, but they had to at least go through the motions.
Passing through the quaint little village of Somersville, they saw two men coming out of a hardware store. Both dropped their bundles and ran down a back alley. Shouting for them to stop only made them run all the faster.
Flame sat on her new Harley in the middle of the street, a look of disgust on her tanned face. “Not over large in the balls department, were they?”



“At least they didn’t shoot at us,” Eddy remarked.
***
Bass Harbor turned out to be deserted. Uncle Jim’s house, tired and worn by the winter gales, looked like it hadn’t been lived in for years.
“Uncle Jim never was too tidy,” Billy said. “I guess when Aunt Elie died a few years back he sort of let things go.”
Brad nodded and they left the little village and continued along the coast. West Tremont was equally empty. Five miles further they came to Seal Cove. Driving over the little bridge that led to the fishing village, both boys were amazed to see what looked like water running up hill. The tide was high and working its way up river, causing ripples and waves in the fresh water stream.
As they drove through their third deserted village of the day, Ken suddenly pointed at some smoke. It came from an outdoor chimney, the kind set up to cook lobsters and clams for the tourists. Josh stopped opposite the weathered building. A faded sign hung over the door. Lobster Bar & Grill. Flame, fearless as usual, had driven into the sandy yard used for a parking lot. Eddy pulled his van up behind Josh’s and reached for his rifle.
Brad turned to the boys. “You know the drill. Stay with the van and hold on to Og. Tina will stay by Eddy’s van. Don’t move unless we call.”
Ken nodded, clearly unhappy to be treated like a kid. Jessie shut the pup in the van and grabbed his bow. Og’s mother, Princess, would go with Josh. She was getting very good at sniffing out strangers, and would freeze like a Pointer when she picked up a new sent. The pup, Og, had yet to learn his mother’s tricks.
The four men cautiously approached the building. Flame was already poking around the outdoor fireplace. A large pot of lobsters boiled merrily away. All had their weapons ready.
“Hello inside!”, Josh yelled.
No answer.
Josh called again, getting the same response. Billy moved around one side while Eddy took the other. Flame watched Josh for the nod. When it came, she kicked in the door and flattened against the outside wall. Princess froze, her neck hair up, a deep growl rumbling in her throat.
“We mean no harm,” Josh yelled, “but come out NOW!”
An old man appeared at the door, one hand held a wooden mallet, the other held up his pants. A look of startled indignation worked on his weathered features. The fact that he wasn’t wearing hid dentures made him look even more comical.
“Jesuth H. Chritht! Who ta hell ‘er you lot?! Can’t a man take a dump wi’out bein’ thscared thitless?!”
The guns were lowered and Josh offered his hand. 
“Pleased to meet you, old fella. We didn’t mean to frighten you.”
The ancient mariner took his ‘store-bought teeth’ out of his pocket and deftly slipped them in just as Flame stepped up behind him. Turning, he saw the tall beauty, then the large gun in her hand. Startled for the second time in as many minutes, the old fisherman instinctively raised his hands causing his beltless trousers to fall down about his skinny knees.
 Flame smiled and patted his bald head. “You don’t waste any time, do you, Curly?”
Yanking up his pants, the old man’s reply was as fast as her own. “At my age, Red, I aint got a whole lot left ta waist!” He winked at the tall woman, then turned to Josh. “You ta skipper o’ this here crew?”
Josh introduced himself and the others, then called Tina and the boys over. The old man’s eyes lit up when he saw Jessie and Ken.
“I’m Gus Kenner.” He walked over to the cauldron and stirred it with a broken oar, then turned to the boys. “You boys fancy Sheddas?”
Ken peeked inside. “Looks like lobsters to me.”
“That’s ‘cause they are lobsters, lad. Best damned soft shelled lobsters in Maine! Why, ta President of the U.S, of A. once stood right there were you stand now! Bill Clinton himself! Ate three o’ my Sheddas he did, n’ took a case back with him!”
“How long ago was that, Mr. Kenner?” Tina had moved up and was looking in the pot.
“Oh, long ‘for my Suzie died, n’ she’s been gone now near on twenty years.” He peered at Tina for a moment. “You look a lot like my Suzie --- way back when.”
Tina smiled and Gus favored her with a rakish grin, then turned to Josh. “You boys come from the mainland? It bad over there?”
Josh shrugged. “Bad enough.”
Gus scratched his scruffy beard. “Figured as much. Everyone in Seal Cove just up ‘n blew away. ‘Cept for Mat ‘n Heather. Nothing left but dried kelp, ‘ceptin’ it weren’t kelp.”
Josh looked at Brad. Both had caught the mention of the other names. Josh asked about them.
“Matthew Bridger n’ his daughter Heather,” Gus answered. “Mat’s a retired banker or such from down Portland way. Has a big place just up ta coast. Loads o’ money. Loves sailboats. Has a 40 footer. Not a bad seaman for a mainlander.”
“Where is this Mat now?”
Gus waved his hand towards the ocean. “Sailed off ta Portsmouth a day or two after things changed. Said he’d be back, but I aint so sure.” A distant look moved swiftly across the old man’s face. For a fleeting moment Josh thought he saw sadness; then it was gone and Gus turned his warm grin on them all. “Enough talkin’. Ta Sheddas ‘re ready.”
***
After the meal they were sitting on Gus’ raised veranda overlooking the bay, the stilts supporting the rickety structure as old as their owner. The dark waves of the Atlantic rolled beneath them as the setting sun turned the western sky the color of molten lava.
It turned out that Gus knew Billy’s uncle; not well, but enough to know he had been a good lobsterman. It also turned out that Gus knew about the two men they had seen back in Somersville. 
“They came through here over a week ago. Two men and a woman.” Gus had put his false teeth in, making his Maine accent easier to follow. “Said they were searching for other survivors, but I didn’t like their looks. Both men had rifles ‘n one had a pistol stuck in his belt. They didn’t stay long ‘n that was just fine by me.” He reached down and began scratching the pup’s ears. “I aint seem them since.”
Josh lit his pipe as fresh coffee brewed on a small wood stove. The rest were gathered around. Billy was quietly playing his guitar. Og was basking in the attention his new friend was giving him.
“Always liked dogs,” Gus said. “My last one died a few years back. You wouldn’t be interested in selling this one?”
Jessie smiled and shook his head.
“Thought not,” Gus said. “A boy needs a dog. Besides, money aint worth shit now, is it? Pardon my French.”
“Did those men say where they were from?”, Josh asked.
“Aye-ya,” Gus replied, lighting his own pipe. “Over Bar Harbour way. Where all the city-folk gather. Too much noise ‘n bustling about for me.”
Josh leaned forward. “What bothered you about those men, besides the fact that they were armed?”
Gus looked at Josh for a long moment, then put his own pipe aside. “You don’t miss a hell of a lot, do you son? No, it were more than the guns. For one thing they said they worked for Chisholm  Cannery --- and that means John Chisholm . Me and Chisholm  never did exactly see eye to eye.”
“And why is that?, if you don’t mind me asking.”
“I don’t mind at all, Josh. I’ve been telling anyone who’ll listen for the last dozen years that John Chisholm  is a shark! A no-good, back-stabbing, net-cutting bastard that would use his own mamma for bait! He cornered the market here abouts n’ bought our catch for a third of what it was worth. And whenever someone tried to sell someplace else, an ‘accident’ happened!”
“What kind of accident?”, Eddy asked.
Gus frowned. “A sudden fire, a boat sank, in a few cases, beatin’s.”
Flame snorted. “Sounds like this Chisholm  plays rough!”
Brad stood up. “But that was before the damn world went belly-up. Crates of rozen lobster tails aren’t exactly in great demand these days.”
Josh studied his pipe. When he did speak, his words created a silence that hurt the ears. “Slaves are. Especially female ones.”
Gus looked at Josh with wonder in his eyes. “How did you know?”
“I’m a history teacher --- or I used to be. Besides, you said two men and a woman were in the truck, but only the men were armed. We’ve seen the same sort of thing ourselves.”
“On a road-block up in Vermont.”, Eddy put in. “Some guys had a woman chained up like a dog.”
Gus glanced from Tina to Flame and back to Tina, a look of worry on his weathered face. “That girl they had with them. I saw her hands through the windshield.”
“What was wrong with them?”, Tina asked.
Gus reached out and gently patted her arm. “They were tied, little lady. Tied to the wheel.”
***
Beneath the waxing moon, the three men silently watched the two boys and Billy run with the dogs along the beach. Gus was bustling about inside heating water on his woodstove. He had a large tub he used for lobsters and both Tina and Flame were inside getting ready for their first hot bath in two weeks. 
 “What you said about ‘slaves’ doesn’t sound too good,” Brad said, shaking his head and pouring another cup of coffee. Gus had produced a bottle of rum to sweeten the brew and Brad helped himself to that as well. 
Eddy nodded, holding out his mug for a refill. He skipped the coffee. “It didn’t take long for everything to hit the fan, did it? I mean, its been less than a month and people are already keeping slaves!”
Brad shook his head. “I can’t believe that. A few sadistic bastards maybe, but not everyone!”
“What do you think Snake was after?”, Eddy put in. “Tina, that’s what. Just like those guys back in Vermont. Christ, Brad, with civilization down the tubes, who’s to stop a gang of assholes from doing whatever they like? Before long things could look like a bloody Mad Max movie!”
Brad turned to Josh. “You’re the history teacher. What do you think?!”
Josh sighed. “It’s happened before, many times, but never on such a large scale. When the Roman Empire fell nearly two thousand years ago, all of Europe went with it. It’s a sad but well documented fact that when law and order go, people quickly revert back to barbarism. Not everyone and not right away, but it only takes a few to start things sliding backwards.” Josh drew on his pipe, then continued. “Think about what happens when the police go on strike, or there’s a major power-out. It doesn’t take long, either. Look at us. We are all armed to the teeth; we all expect the worst of any strangers we meet. Others will do the same. In the end it all depends on the personality of the group.”
“The good guys against the bad,” Eddy said.
Josh smiled. “Its a bit more complicated than that. When it comes right down to it, most people are somewhere in between. Myself included. Circumstances influence each of us.”
Brad shook his head. “Okay, I agree, but only up to a point. We carry guns to defend ourselves. Most people will do that from now on. But that doesn’t mean most people will accept slavery! 
“You’re right, Brad, most wont --- at least not right away. But as time goes by that will probably change too.”
Brad frowned “Why?”
Josh scratched his ear. “Because the market for slaves will expand. Right now its limited to a few sadistic bastards, but soon there will be other reasons besides sex.”
“Like what? To pick cotton?”
Josh shook his head. “Maybe not cotton, but something pretty close. Remember, we now live in a world without power. No lights, no electricity. We’ve still got vehicles and gas, but for how long? A year or two? A decade? Then what? I don’t know how to get the power back on, do you? In a few months the only food available will come from cans or what we grow or hunt ourselves. For now we’ve got plenty of machines and the gas to make them run, but who is going to fix them when they break? Who is going to make more when they’re all used up?”
He pointed at the oil lamp casting its warm glow over the deck. Summer moths flitted around it, drawn by its light. “As time goes on, hands will replace machines. Some will be willing to do the work themselves and some won’t. As in the past, the powerful will control the weak, and the shit jobs will be done by the poor, the ;different’ and the slaves.”
“Not everyone will be like that!” There was anger in Brad’s voice. “Would you keep a slave?!”
“No, I wouldn’t, but then I’m not living alone. I’ve family and friends around me. But what about some lonely survivor living on a farm or in a shack by the sea. Along comes a fella with two or three women tied up in his truck. That nice, kind, right-thinking farmer or fisherman would be sorely tempted to buy or trade for an extra pair of hands, if only to have someone to share the loneliness with. In time they might even come to love each other, but the ‘market’ for slaves, especially females, will continue to grow.”
“Shit,” Brad whispered, pouring himself a straight shot of rum. “When you put it that way, I might buy one myself --- if only to free her!”
Josh nodded. “But the market won’t only be limited to female slaves. What about a community with more women than men? A young male slave might find a willing buyer there too.”
“Christ, Josh!”, Eddy put in. “You make it sound so bloody natural!”
Josh relit his pipe, warming to the subject despite its cruel contents. “Less than two hundred years ago, Eddy, it was natural. It wasn’t fair and it wasn’t nice, but it was done just the same. Remember, brains thought up civilization, but slaves built it. Egypt, Greece, Rome were all built with the blood and sweat of conquered nations. Even the U.S. The Civil War was fought over slavery and that was less than two hundred years ago. In the twentieth century, machines replaced slaves, making slavery unnecessary. It’s been that way for over a hundred years and we, ‘society’, got used to it. Tractors replaced mules and horses, hay bailers and giant combines replaced field workers, robots replaced factory workers, computers replaced office workers. We called it ‘progress’ and most of us liked it. Slavery was just a ‘nasty thing from the past’; a ‘bad, evil thing’ whose time had come and gone and would never come again --- or so we thought.”
Josh paused and looked at his silent, grim faced audience. He drew a deep breath and continued. “But now, sadly, things have changed. This terrible pandemic has killed three quarters or more of the world’s population. With not enough workers to keep the machines running, power and electricity are already gone. Lights, phones, communications all down --- probably for the rest of our lives if not longer. Cars, trucks will last a few years, maybe even a decade or two, but soon enough they too will no longer work. Spare parts, tires, gas will become harder and harder to find. Even the skills needed to fix them will slowly die off. How many of us know how to make a horseshoe from scratch or build a wooden sailing ship? Or make paper, can food or gut a deer? Machines did all the work, so slaves we not needed. But I’m afraid we now live in a world where they will soon be needed again.”
“Jesus Christ, cousin,” Brad put in; “you paint one hell of a bleak future!”
“But at least it’s an honest one,” said a female voice from the doorway. “On we may even come to enjoy --- if we are strong enough to do what has to be done.”
All eyes turned to the woman in the doorway. Flame, fresh from her hot bath, a towel wrapped about her, she smiled at Josh. “But you do give one hell of a lecture, professor. Makes me almost wish I’d stayed in school.” Still dripping from her bath, the thin flannel clung to her body.
Josh smiled. “Sorry about that. I didn’t mean to make a speech.”
“Oh, I liked it,” she said, pulling the towel tighter. “Especially that part about the horny farmer. After all, nobody likes to sleep alone.” Then she was gone back inside, leaving the three men staring after her.
Eddy winked at Brad. “She’s still trying to hook you, Josh. Flirting with the rest of us in an attempt to spark your interest.”
Brad reddened. Ever since their little talk on Mt. Washington, he tried not to think of Flame in that way. And Eddy was right, she was a natural flirt and enjoyed the attention of men, but it was also clear that it was really Josh she was interested in. A part of Brad was relieved, for Flame, despite her obvious beauty, was way too wild for his taste. He only hoped his cousin was up to the task --- and that she didn’t break his heart in the end. However, in this ‘Brave New World’, what developed between Josh and the beautiful red-head was really none of his business.
That said, he still found himself watching her walk away with more than a twinge of regret. ‘So much for rationalization’.
Og suddenly bounded up the rickety steps. Billy and the two boys followed. Princess brought up the rear, her nose constantly testing the wind for strangers. “Hey, dad,” Jessie called. “Billy says he’s got a cousin living in Bar Harbor. Says she’s married with two kids.”
“That so, Billy?”
“Sure is, Mr. Williams. Beth, Uncle Jim’s daughter. I only met her a couple of times. But she seemed nice. I guess now...”
“I guess now we’d better have a look at Bar Harbour.” Josh put a hand on his former student’s arm. “Don’t give up hope, Billy.”
Billy smiled. “I won’t, Mr. Williams.”
Josh held the young man’s arm. “And Billy, call me Josh.”
***

Chapter 22



Seal Cove
Maine July 21

“You really mean to go with you lot to Bar Harbor?”, Gus asked.
Josh looked at the weathered little man. “After what you told us about this Chisholm , I was hoping to avoid it. Now we have no choice. One of our own may still have family there.”
“Then I’d better come with you. Chisholm  is a slimy bastard, but I know the way he moves.”
Josh smiled. “You’re more than welcome to come along, Gus, all the way back to Crown Point if you want.”
Gus looked surprised. “Me, leave the sea and go traipsing off to the mountains? I’d be like a fish out of water!”
Josh placed a hand on the old man’s shoulder. “Lake Champlain is a hundred miles long, Gus, but let’s take it one step at a time. First, we’ll have a look around Bar Harbor, then you can decide.”
A half hour later they all piled into the vans. Gus was carrying an old bolt-action Enfield that looked like it had been made decades before World War I.
“My great grand daddy’s!”, Gus beamed. “Kept it on my boat in case sharks came around. Aint fired the damned thing in years. Still, since we’re going to see John Chisholm , seems like the right thing to bring along.”
“Mind if I have a look?”, Brad said.
Gus handed him the ancient carbine. Brad shook his head as he saw the metal pitted from the salt air. When he forced open the stiff bolt, it came apart in his hand. After giving the rifle back, he opened a small cabinet in the Westfalia and took out a stubby little handgun. It was the Mustang 9 mm Pocketlite that had briefly belonged to Bert the dead barber. “Here you go, Gus. Shove this in your pants and try not to shoot off anything important.”
Gus chuckled, “It’d take something bigger than this popgun!”
Brad then reached under the seat and pulled out the heavy Overland Coach gun Josh had picked up back in New York. Its chrome-plated twin barrels and open hammers gleamed in the sunlight. He broke it open and shoved in two 12 gage shells loaded with #2 shot. “This do? We’ve got two of them.”
Gus grinned, his store-bought teeth nearly as dazzling ‘bluing’ of the metalwork on the hand cannon. “Shee-yit! Chisholm  better watch his ass now! With this beauty I’m loaded for bear and then some!”
***
The drive to Bar Harbor was spectacular. The road followed the rugged coast, then cut over the small granite mountains dotted with dark, twisted pines and outcroppings of white and pink quartz. Winding their way down to the east side of the peninsula, they stopped at a lookout above the bay. The picturesque sea-town lay before them like a scene out of Melville’s Moby Dick. Josh almost expected to see a Yankee Clipper anchored in the harbor. The thought crossed his mind that perhaps John Chisholm  would have a leg carved out of whalebone and look a lot like Captain Ahab.
What he did see was a number of empty fishing boats tied up near a large rectangular building built on the edge of the sea. Beyond that a beautiful two masted sailboat rested at anchor in the harbor.
“That’s Matthew Bridger’s sloop!”, Gus said excitedly, pointing at the large sailboat out in the bay. “What the hell’s he doing back here?”
“Let’s go ask him,” Josh replied.
They moved slowly into town. By now everyone knew the drill by heart. Flame was out front on her Harley. Josh followed close behind, with Brad (and now Gus), riding shotgun. Eddy’s van with the boys and dogs came next. Hanging back in the rear was Billy and Tina in the tow-truck. If the ones up front ran into any trouble, the heavy truck was to be their ‘Cavalry Charge’. 
Bobby’s welding skills had come in handy. Tina, a pistol-grip shotgun in her hand, sat in a deep swivel office chair Bobby had welded behind the cab. A similar shotgun and Earl’s old deer rifle were in a bracket beside her chair. She was protected on the front and the sides by thick sheet metal. Cut in these were what looked like overlong open mail-slots. Gun ports for Tina to shoot through. The high backed chair was steel plated on the rear and had a seat belt. The small group had learned the hard way to be prepared for unfriendly surprises.
***
Bar Harbor was a tourist town. 
Built on a slope leading down to the water, its main street was lined with quaint little shops and boutiques designed to draw in the female of the species like a moth to a flame. Carved benches and church pews were stationed outside for the following males to wait while the age-old ritual of ‘Shopping’ took place. If the trailing mates were lucky, a bikini-clad sprite may wander by, giving them something to ponder besides the pigeons in the park.
There were no shoppers now, however, and the quaint little stores had taken on the look of pretty flies encased in amber. A lone dog sniffed at the quaint waist baskets. (No such crass a thing as a garbage can was allowed to mar the ritual!) Og, riding in Eddy’s van, sniffed at the strangeness as they passed. Princess growled quietly.
At the bottom of the street they came to the docks. Turning right, they passed the restaurants and boat rentals and moved on to the working section. Here quaintness quickly faded away. The ritual played out here was an even older one: men had gone to sea in ships, braved wind and wave and brought back their catch. If they got back at all. 
Now the nets hung limp on the racks. Lobster traps by the dozens were stacked against weathered shacks and boathouses, waiting patiently for the hands that would never come again. At the end of the street was a long, low building. The dirty white sign on top read: J.W. Chisholm & Sons, Processing Plant. A shiny new pick-up was parked out front.
Flame pulled off the road opposite the plant. Josh and Eddy followed. Everyone got out and stood behind their vehicles. Flame joined them. The tow-truck stopped two hundred feet back, crouched in the middle of the road like a wary beast.
“Don’t see anyone,” Flame said. “We going in?”
Josh nodded, taking the second Coach Gun and slinging a belt of shells across his chest, he turned to Gus. “That the same pick-up that stopped by your place?”
“Aye-ya, that’s her.”
“Brad, you cover us from here. Eddy and the boys will do the same. Flame and I will go see who’s home. Gus, you still want to come along?”
Gus hefted his new weapon. “Hell, yes!”
Josh grinned. “But we go easy. All we want is a friendly chat with Mr. Chisholm .”
Flame grunted. Like Josh, a belt of shotgun shells crossed her chest. Her Smith & Wesson hung from her shoulder holster. Dressed in boots, olive hiking pants and a black tank-top, she looked like something out of The Terminator. Pumping a shell into the short riot gun she’d brought from her bike, she smiled at Gus. “Just in case they don’t feel like chatting.”
“Aye-ya.” Gus had probably never heard of Arnold Swartzinager, and he certainly would have no idea who Sarah Connor was, but he knew Death when he saw it --- and he saw it standing there right beside him in the form of this beautiful young woman.
***
The three of them walked over to the processing plant. Josh called Princess and the larger hound came running. They were half way across the street when the door to the office opened and a man dressed in bib overalls stepped out. 
He had a scowl on his face that would turn butter. “Who ta hell ‘re you?”
“Neighbors come calling,”, Josh replied casually, keeping his eye on the revolver. Both hammers of the Coach Gun were already cocked.
“Neighbors?”, Grumpy replied, looking angrier than ever. “Neighbors from where?”
Josh kept his tone light. “From down the coast a bit. We came to see Chisholm . He around?”
The man’s sour expression deepened. “He aint here.” He took step forward, peering at Gus. “Say, aint you that old fart from ov’r Seal Cove way?”
“That’s right, mister. N’ I’ve come to have a word with Chisholm . Now, go fetch him out here.”
Grumpy leaned on the railing. “I already done told ya. He aint here. Now bugger off!”
Flame moved forward, swaying her hips and smiling. “How about asking a girl in for a drink, handsome?”
Grumpy didn’t take nearly as long to process that bit of data. A crooked smile formed on his weathered face. “Shore thang, Missy. Come on in. But those others ‘ll have ta wait here. Mister Chisholm  don’t want no strangers inside.”
“No problem,” she purred. “They don’t mind waiting.” She moved up to the man and gently stoked his chin --- then kneed him hard in the groin. Grumpy’s eyes crossed and he sank to his knees. The butt of Flame’s Riot gun slammed into the back of his neck. 
“Shee-yit!”, Gus whispered.
Josh was already moving forward, Princess at his heels. He stepped over the unconscious form, checked quickly for a pulse, then signaled for Brad to come. Eddy stayed back with the boys while Billy moved the tow-truck up. Flame and Princess were already inside.
“Damn her!”, Josh hissed. “She takes too many chances!”
Brad grinned. “She likes it that way.”
Josh grunted and followed her into the building.
***
Terry Hobbs was sitting inside gazing bleary eyed at a near empty bottle of booze. He had a vague notion that something was going on outside, but if the truth be known, he really didn’t give a shit. Sitting in his underwear in the middle of the processing plant, he and Grumpy had working their way through a bottle of vodka. At the moment however most of Terry’s attention was taken up by a tattered Playboy magazine. The issue was several years old, but Terry wasn’t too interested in the articles. 
Chained to the rows of filleting tables were seven people; three men and four women. Though alive, they seemed lifeless, like Muppets patiently waiting for the return of Jim Henson’s ghost. Two lay on the filthy tables, the others were sprawled on the cluttered floor. To the right of Terry’s chair was a mattress. Sitting on it was a girl wearing the remains of a torn dress. A chain went from her ankle to the leg of a big desk. Sipping from another bottle of Russia’s finest, she seemed nearly as drunk as Terry. On the other side of the plant was a glassed in office. Inside a young woman paced nervously back and forth while an older man seemed to be trying to calm her down.
Terry himself was taking a little break. This wasn’t the toughest job he’d ever had, but it had its down side just the same. Sitting here all day watching a bunch of drugged up zombies was a major downer. So was the fact that he couldn’t get his pecker up. That was where the Playboy came in. The skag on the bed was sure as hell no centerfold. Not like the fresh young thing pacing back and forth in the office. But Mr. Chisholm had made that little fact perrr-fectly clear. ‘Leave Bridger’s daughter alone!’, he’d said. Terry considered himself a real righteous dude, able to stand his own with the toughest of them. But he hadn’t the slightest desire to go up against Old Man Chisholm . That old bastard had been a real hard-ass before things went tits up. Now that his sons had gone the way most everyone else in this fucked-up world, J.W. Chisholm  had taken a major walk on the wild side. Even now he was out with that big black bugger looking for fresh meat. Terry wasn’t even too sure what the hell the old man planned to do with these all people he had chained up, but Terry knew what he’d like to do to that good looking young bitch in the office! Yes in-deedy!
He took another slug of Vodka, fumbled out the centerfold and concentrated on getting ol’ Peter Pecker to salute. The blonde with the staple in her belly looked nothing like the skag on the bed, but hey, like his daddy used to say, ‘all cats are grey in the dark’.
Terrible Terry had worked himself up enough to shuffle over to the mattress when Flame and Princess made their entrance. Standing over the skinny blonde on the make-shift bed, Terry looked around at the sound of growling. What he saw suddenly made Peter Pecker dive for his foxhole. There, framed in the doorway, was a red haired woman and a dog. The woman held a mother of a shotgun and the dog bared a set of fangs that made Terry’s spit turn dry.
Panic flowed through Terry and he reached for the rifle leaning against the desk. Flame, seeing a blast from her shotgun would probably kill the girl as well, pulled out her Smith & Wesson. At the same time she told Princess to “Sick man!” She had no idea if this would work, but the dog was a fast learner. Claws clacking on the factory floor, the hound made for Terry like an arrow shot from a bow. Indeed, her canine brain was already deeply imprinted with the ways of the hunt. Hadn’t her ancestors millennium ago perfected the art of sudden attack? The throat or the groin the primary targets. Much to Terrible Terry’s chagrin, Princess chose the latter.
Teeth, that until recently had chomped nothing more demanding than Kibble n’ Bits, now clamped down on Terry’s crotch. The scream that came from that righteous dude was enough to get a rise out of each and every poor soul chained to the cutting tables. The girl on the bed went white and curled up into a ball. Even the Bridger Family up in the office paused in their pacing to peer out at the spectacle unfolding down below them.
Flame hauled back on the dog’s collar and spoke her name. The hound backed away, still ready to spring forward at the slightest provocation. The man, however, gave her none. Rolling around on the floor, both hands covering his bloody groin, Terrible Terry screamed like a baby.
“Shut the fuck up!”, Flame ordered, giving him a tap alongside the head with her .357. In his rush to obey Terry bit his lip.
“Better,”, Flame said. The blue-black barrel was now pressed against Terry’s forehead. “But what the hell,” she said, taking in the room and its inhabitants. “Go on and yell. It’ll give me a reason to blow your fucking brains out!”
Terry closed his mouth tighter, this time tasting blood.
“Flame? You all right in there?” Josh’s voice echoed through the silent building.
“Ya, I’m fine. Got a dog-lover in here who wants to say hi.”
Josh and Brad came in, followed by Gus. The old man took one look around and began swearing a blue streak.
***
“I already told you, man, I don’t fucking know where Chisholm is! He said he’d be back yesterday! What am I, a fucking mind reader?!”
Josh looked over at Princess. The dog stiffened, the hackles on her neck rising. That was enough for Terry.
“Shit, man, I’m bein’ square with you! I don’t fucking know! He goes off with the black guy, Kaream. Stays away two, maybe three days at a time. Comes back here, dumps off some poor smuck and heads back out. He’s fucking crazy, man!”
Terry was sitting on the ground with his back to a telephone pole. Grumpy was on the other side. Both were tied to the pole by a rope going around their necks. Grumpy was still out like a light. A towel was stuffed down Terry’s boxer shorts. Og sniffed Terry’s bare feet, wined, then went off to find Jessie. Princess stood staring at Terry’s crotch.
“I think he’s telling the truth, Josh,” Brad said. “Even if he isn’t, we’ve got to get these people out of here.” 
Josh looked at the group of half-starved people sitting on the picnic tables at a Clam Bar down the road. They looked the survivors of a shipwreck. Gus and the others had taken them there and were feeding them. Eddy, with a walky-talky, was farther down the road at the intersection. Josh could see the flash from the scope on his rifle.
Josh suddenly bent down close to Terry. “Two of them? You’re sure?” Josh’s ‘teacher’s voice’ was in high gear.
“Ya! Old man Chisholm n’ Kaream! That’s all, I swear!”
“You’re lying.” Josh stood and walked away. Brad followed. Princess didn’t.
“Hey! Don’t leave this fucking animal here!”
Josh continued to walk away.
“Alright! Alright, for Christ sake! He’s got two more with him! A man and a woman! Four in all!”
Josh stopped, but didn’t look back. Brad glanced from his cousin to Terry and back again. The stern voice spoke again. “When is Chisholm  due back?”
Terry’s eyes went to Princess. The dog was closer now and growling. “This afternoon! Sometime before dark! Now, get this bitch off me!”
Josh snapped his fingers. “Here Prin!”
Princess bounded over, leaving Terry to sob quietly against the pole.
Brad looked at his cousin. “How did you know he was lying?”
Josh shrugged. “I didn’t.”
Just then a tall man in his middle 50’s came towards them from the Clam Bar. He was wearing white pants and an expensive sweater, both smudged and dirty from his ordeal inside the fish factory. He was also carrying the rifle Terry had been reaching for when Princess introduced herself. “I just wanted to thank you, all of you, for what you did. Heather and I will never forget it.”
“Neither will they,”, Josh said, nodding to the other survivors still back at the picnic tables.
“No, I guess they won’t,” Matthew Bridger said. “Any sign of Chisholm ?”
“Not yet,” Brad answered. “But his man there says he should be back this afternoon.”
Bridger’s eyes narrowed. “Good. I’ve a little score to settle with him before I weigh anchor.”
Josh steered them over to his camper. Taking three cans of beer out of the small propane fridge, he handed one to Brad, then Bridger. The three men popped the tops and drank in silence.
“Gus told us you and your daughter sailed off down south. What brought you back here?” 
“Bloody savages, that’s what! We stopped at Portland. I have --- I had family there. Not any more.”
“You didn’t see anyone at all?”
Bridger frowned, his eyes suddenly hard. “We saw a number looters, drunks and outright crazies. One old woman was standing in the park screaming about the end of the world. I got Heather out of there fast. We headed south to Boston, thinking that a huge city like that must have some kind of order. Maybe even the power back on.
“And?” Brad’s voice was high and hopeful.
Bridger shook his head. “Much worse than Portland. Oh, things looked quiet, until we left the ship. Then we saw the madness. Must have been a hundred people all watching as they hung some guy up on a lamp post. I left Heather in an empty store and went and asked what he’d done. The man I asked laughed and said he’d broken the law. When I asked him what law, the fool just laughed and said he’d refused to share his woman.” Bridger drained his beer. “I collected Heather and got the hell out of there! By the time we got back to our boat it was dark. Looking over the city, we saw that a large part of it was on fire!”
Brad sighed. “So much for the big cities. I wonder what New York is like.”
“Probably a madhouse!” Bridger said, shaking his head. “I’m going to head south to the Caribbean, find some small island and sit there for a year or so. Maybe by then law and order will have returned.”
“Don’t count on it,” Josh said, “Not as long as there are men like Chisholm  still around.”
Bridger patted the rifle cradled in his arm. “If I get him in my sights, he won’t be around for long!”
Just then Eddy’s voice came over the walky-talky. “Josh, Brad, pick up!”
Brad leaned in and grabbed the receiver. They could just see Eddy standing beside his van a quarter mile down the road. “What is it, Eddy?”
“Company’s coming. A black four by four with a red truck behind it. Both coming fast!”
Brad looked at Josh, who was already reaching for the Coach Gun on the back seat. “Tell him to stay out of sight till they go past, then move in behind. And tell him to watch his ass!”
“Eddy, you get that?”
“Got it. No problem.”
Josh was already half way to the Clam Bar.
Brad and Bridger hurried after him.
***

Chapter 23


Bar Harbour
Maine, July 22

John Chisholm  was in a foul mood. That in itself was nothing new; since the pandemic had raged around the world he was rarely in anything else. But this time it went beyond just being pissed off and bordered on rage. Sitting in the front of the new Ford four by four, he gazed out in a red mental haze as the empty town of Bar Harbor flowed by. He’d lived here all of his sixty-seven years, as had his father before him and his father before him. The processing plant had been run by his family for damn near a century! ‘The name Chisholm  was known up and down the coast of Maine. The name meant something! Stood for something, by God!
Yet those bastards back in Camden had turned on him! Him! John Winston Chisholm !’ 
He struck the dash of the Ford Explorer. Pain shot up his hand, washing away the rage that had all but engulfed him, leaving in its red wake a newer, sweeter thought. ‘He’d make them pay! Christ, yes! He’d make those arrogant bastards pay and pay dearly!’ They’d bleed fucking tears of sorrow before he was through! He would collect Roland and that smart mouth Terry and he’d go back there and burn their bloody town to the ground! Camden! What was it anyway but a place where the rich and pampered gathered to play in the summer! Big, fancy houses with tennis courts and private docks for their pretty little boats! He’d soon teach the snot-nosed little ass-wipes to fear the name John Chisholm !
Kaream, whose real name was Ugean Gimps, a fact that Ugean wanted desperately to keep as dead as his bible thumpin’ mamma, looked over at the Old Man. ‘For a honky, Chisholm’s not half bad. Crazy as hell, but smart!’ Kaream liked that, the smart part, mainly because he knew he himself wasn’t. He was strong, always had been, but his strength was from the neck down. Together they made a good pair. And the Old Man didn’t seem to mind that Kaream was black. Most folks did, but not the Old Man. He treated everyone exactly the same --- like shit.
When IT happened, Kaream had been working at the Plant, forking tuna onto the conveyer belt. There must have been a dozen people around him. Suddenly they were all gasping and choking and falling down. Sam Gruber slumped over onto the belt. By the time he was dumped into the bin, there was nothing left of him but a sack of old clothes. Looking around, he saw more of the same. Everyone had just kind of dried up and melted. Kaream-Ugean had almost shit his pants, while his long-dead momma’s voice had started hollerin’ in his head about ‘Judgment Day n’ His Divine Wrath’ n’ a whole sack o’ shit that made his head ache. 
Then he’d looked up and saw the Old Man standing there. Time itself had seemed to have gotten stuck on something, like in a fucked-up coke-dream. Then he’d noticed that the Old Man’s face was in shadow. 
Chisholm was looking at him the way he figured God Himself would when He was real pissed off. Kaream-Ugean felt that stare go through him like a kick in the nuts. Then the Old Man had crooked his finger and Kaream had shuffled on over. Standing there with the dead all around him, Kaream was reminded of a picture his Momma had kept over the bed. Moses on the Mount. Moses had looked real pissed off too.
“They’ll pay!”, the Old Man had hissed. “They killed my boys and by God they’ll pay! You and I will see to it!”
Kaream no idea who was going to do the paying, but that didn’t bother him none. No sir! Just as long as it wasn’t him! Kaream had followed him into the plant and had been following him ever since. It bothered him a little that the Old Man was so hard on the ones they found, but then, he was the brains and Kaream was only the muscle. Together they made a good pair.
“What’s this shit?”, Chisholm  growled.
Kaream snapped back into reality, or at least, what passed for reality in this fucked-up world. They’d almost reached the plant. At first he wondered what the Old Man was on about. Nothing looked different. Roland’s new pick-up was parked outside in its usual place. Nobody was in the street.
Then he saw the white van. There was another blue one parked just beyond it. He was almost certain they weren’t there when they left three days ago.
“Stop here!”
Kaream slammed on the brakes. The cattle truck behind almost rammed into them. Old Man Chisholm  drew the automatic his father had brought back from his tour of duty in Viet Nam and got out.
“Bring the shotgun.”
Kaream grabbed the Riot gun he’d taken from a Maine Trooper’s smashed car. The Trooper hadn’t seemed to have minded at the time. He’d taken the man’s .38 as well. Benny and Lynn had got most of their guns the same way. All four of them were now out in the street.
“What’s up, Mr. Chisholm ?”, Lynn asked. 
Kaream didn’t like Lynn. He knew she hated the Old Man, but she was always polite to his face. They’d found her drunk in the park a couple of days after IT had happened. At first the Old Man had kept her tied up. But she’d pleaded and smiled and said she’d do anything if he’d untie her --- anything at all. The next day the Old Man had put her to the test.
They had come across an old woman pushing a shopping cart down the main street. She was talking to herself and paid no attention to them when they stopped. The cart was full of nick-knacks taken from the fancy boutiques. The Old Man had pumped a shell into his automatic, removed the clip, and handed it to Lynn.
“Shoot her and I’ll untie you,” he’d said.
Lynn had looked at the heavy gun with her beady ferret-like eyes.
“You only have one round, girl. Shoot me and my man here will gut you like a fish and leave you for the gulls.”
Lynn had smiled, taken the gun, pressed it against the crazy woman’s ear and pulled the trigger. 
Benny, Roland and Terry had been baptized in the same wild fire. Only Kaream hadn’t been forced to use the Old Man’s gun. Kaream was proud of that. He was the muscle, the Old Man the brains. Together they made a good pair.
Now, standing there in the quiet street, Chisholm  pointed at the two vans parked opposite his plant. “Strangers come calling. Let’s give them a warm welcome.”
Lynn drew a .38 from the front of her jeans while Benny ran back for his shotgun. A moment later all four of them were walking down the street.
Josh and Matthew Bridger were in the front part of the Lobster Bar. The rest of the people they’d freed were crowded in the back kitchen. Brad was outside by the large stone fireplace. He’d told Billy to back the tow-truck up a side alley opposite restaurant. Though he couldn’t see her, Josh knew Tina would be in the chair behind the cab. Eddy was out there with his deer rifle somewhere behind Chisholm  and his motley crew.
Matthew Bridger, anxiously checking Terry’s rifle, suddenly leaned close to Josh. “What do you have planned? Call out for them to surrender? Shoot them where they stand? What?”
Josh looked into his tanned face, not quite sure if he liked what he saw. “We’ll try the first one. If that doesn’t work, we’ll use what force is necessary.”
Bridger seemed about to argue when a man’s voice interrupted. “Excuse me, mister, but if there’s going to shooting, I wouldn’t mind shooting back.”
Josh looked around and saw one of the men who’d been tied up in the plant. He was tall and bearded and still a bit shaky from his ordeal, but he had a look in his eye that couldn’t be denied.
Josh held out his shotgun. “You ever used one of these?”
Taking the gun, the man smiled warmly. “Mister, I’ve been duck hunting ever since I can remember!”
Josh passed over the belt of shells and drew his Beretta.
“I’d like one of those.” This came from Bridger’s daughter, Heather. She stood in the kitchen doorway and looked somewhere between sixteen and twenty –one. Her angry expression made her look even older..
Josh looked at the deadly instrument in his hand, then back to the young woman. Something deep in his gut told him that the Beretta and Ms. Bridger had a good deal in common. He thought of the small .22 Backup he had strapped to his ankle and lied.
“Sorry, I’m all sold out.”
She walked towards him, a knowing smile on her pretty but cold face. “You’re either being chauvinistic or gallant; either way I still want a weapon.”
“Here, take mine,” Jessie said, handing here his .22 target pistol. “I’ve got my bow.”
Heather Bridger, now radiating sweetness, gracefully accepted the light gun with a formal nod. “I thank you, fair archer. May your bolts fly straight and true.”
Jessie blushed. “No sweat.”
Brad suddenly appeared at the side door. “They’re coming, Josh. Four of them. Heading for the cannery!”
“Armed?” Josh asked.
“Cocked and ready by the looks of it! They must have spotted the vans!”
Josh frowned. He’d hoped to catch them off guard. He’d been foolish not to hide the vans. Now it was too late. He looked around and frowned. “Where’s Flame?” 
Brad shrugged. “I thought she was in here with you.”
Josh swore, then turned to the boys, but Jessie held up one hand. “I know, Dad. ‘Stay here with the dogs’.”
Josh shifted his gaze to Bridger. “See that they do.” He then turned followed Brad out the side door.
***
Inside the cannery Terry and Roland, aka ‘Grumpy’, were both zip-tied to chairs. Terry had gotten Roland to fumble his folding knife out of his back pocket and somehow open the blade. Now, if the old fool could only hold the fucking thing still, Terry would soon have his hands free!
“For Christ sake, Roland, stop fucking around!” Terry hissed. “You want me to cut my fucking wrists?!”
Roland didn’t really give a shit if Terry cut his throat. All he wanted was the pain in his balls to go away from when Flame had kneed him. “Bitch!”, he muttered to himself. “Suckered me good, she did. But I’ll fix her ass n’ then some!”
“Hold the fucking knife still or you’ll fix us both!” Terry growled as he worked his tied wrists back and forth on Roland’s apparently dull blade. The Terry-Myster wasn’t having one of his better days. First off he couldn’t manage to ‘run the flag up the flagpole with the blonde bitch on the bed --- then the strangers had come and he’d been outfoxed by a woman, ball-bit by a dog and then trussed up like a Christmas goose in a chair. With Retard Roland for company! ‘The Old Man will cut my balls OFF for this!’
His shoulder screaming from straining around the support pillar, Terry continued to saw away blindly. His hands were sticky and wet with blood, but it didn’t matter. What did matter was getting free before Chisholm got back and then getting some fucking payback on the red headed bitch and whoever she was with!
Suddenly the rope parted and his hands were free. Taking the knife from Roland, Terry cut through the loop around their hands and legs and they were free! Less than a minute later both he and Roland were limping towards the parked vans.
“Why out here in the open?!”, Roland panted. “We’d be safer  if we’d stayed inside the plant!” 
“In there we’d be trapped like rats. Besides,” Terry grinned, pointing at the rifle in the gun rack inside the white van. “Now we got ourselves some firepower!” He climbed in and grabbed Josh’s 30-30 Winchester rifle, the John Wayne Special. Searching drawers for shells he came across Snake’s massive .44 Red Hawk.
“Jesus H. Kee-rist! These guys don’t fool around!” Terrible Terry handed Retarded Roland the 30-30 and picked up the heavy handgun. Checking that both weapons were loaded, the two budding Einsteins shoved extra shell in their pockets and stepped out into the street. They were thirty yards away from the Lobster Bar. Another twenty beyond that they saw Chisholm and his three followers moving towards them. Terry raised the Red Hawk above his head and fired off a round. The sound shattered the silence, sending a flock of gulls screaming into the sky.
“Hey! Mr. Chisholm !”, Terry yelled. “Watch your ass! Some bastards have taken over your plant!”
Chisholm  stopped in his tracks. A moment later the four of them scattered for the nearest cover. Lynn ducked behind the rusting remains of an old truck. Kaream followed the Old Man across the street and into a maze of stacked lobster traps. Benny made for a weathered boathouse.
The Red Hawk’s loud explosion caused both Josh and Brad to duck down beside The Clam Bake’s outdoor fireplace. “What the...?”, Brad gasped.
Josh was already peering over the top of the soot-blackened stones. “It’s the two we tied up. Somehow they got out --- and they both have guns!”
“Great!”, Brad growled. “Now we’re caught in a bloody crossfire!”
“Maybe not. They don’t know where we are yet.”
“Ya, but now we don’t know where Chisholm  and his bunch are either!”
Josh attempted a smile. “Then let’s go find out.”
Brad groaned. “I was afraid you’d say that.”
***
Through a crack in the ancient planking of the boathouse Flame could see Lynn, the woman from Chisholm's group, crouching behind a rusting truck. Flame cursed herself for not bringing a rifle. Something like Eddy’s .303 with its big scope would stop that bitch cold! She hefted her stubby riot gun and frowned. Up close, it was a real ass-kicker, spraying buckshot like water from an elephant’s trunk; but for any real distance it sucked the bag big-time! She thought about using her Smith & Wesson, but handguns weren’t a hell of a lot better for distance either. Now if this was a movie, or a book written by some half-assed, dude-ranch cowboy wannabe, then she could easily nail the bitch right between the eyes --- but then in the movies horses talk, pigs can fly and a mouse named Mickey sings, dances and wares white gloves!
She was getting ready to try the shot anyway when one of Chisholm’s guys, Benny the Beanpole, ran through the boathouse doorway. Feeling like a spider waiting in her web, a cold smile spread across Flame’s pretty features. Silently she watched from the shadows as long, tall Benny fumbled his cautious way towards her. Her only movement was her thumb flicking off the safety.
***
Breathing hard, Benny moved deeper into the shadows of the old building. The outline of a slowly rotting fishing boat squatted on its rusting rails. Moving beyond it, Benny came within three feet of Flame’s hiding place. Suddenly stepping out of the darkness, she brought the stock of her riot gun up in an arc that connected with the side of Benny’s head. Spinning around from the force of the blow, he careened into the old boat and collapsed. Flame tossed his shotgun deeper into the shadows but kept the Trooper’s .38 revolver. Without a backward glance she moved towards the open doors.
***
Angry, Terry slammed the driver’s door of Josh’s white van. “The asshole took the keys!”
Roland the Retard wisely remained silent, his bloodshot eyes fixed on the empty street. Terry wasn’t the most cool headed of fellas at the best of times, and this was far from the ‘best of times’. In fact, in Roland’s humble opinion, ol’ Terrible Terry seemed about ready to go completely batshit!
“Any sign of the mutherfuckers?” Terry demanded.
“No,” Roland said, secretly relieved.
Terry kicked the side of the van. “Well, I aint gonna just sit here with my fuckin’ finger up my ass! We’re goin’ after ‘em!”
Roland slowly spit into the street. “Don’t think that’s such a good idea, Terry. Best wait for the Old Man to make his move.”
“Fuck the Old Man! First I’m gonna get that bitch that sicked her dog on me, then I’m gonna do that cold-eyed fucker that’s leadin’ ‘em!”
Roland shrugged, “Sure you are. But first you gotta find ‘em.”
Terry cocked Snake’s heavy gun. “I’ll find ‘em! You just cover my ass!”
“Aye-ya. I can do that , but I’ll be doing it from right here.”
Terry turned and glared at the older man. For an instant he thought of putting a bullet in Roland’s big mouth, but soon changed his mind when he saw the way Roland had the .30-.30 pointing --- right at the blood-soaked towel Terry had earlier half stuffed down the front of his pants. The younger snorted and started out across the street. He tried to run, but the pain in his balls reduced his best efforts to a crippled shuffle.
***
From her ‘shotgun seat’ in the back of the tow-truck, Tina leaned on the top of the cab of the tow-truck, sighted down the long barrel of Earl’s old rifle. The dead farmer’s warning rang in her ears. ‘Careful now, it pulls a might to the left’. She shifted slightly to the right. Terry was now half way across the street. It was a long shot, something over a hundred yards, but if she didn’t fire now he’d soon reach the safety of Chisholm ’s plant.
Tina took a shallow breath and gently squeezed the trigger.
***
From inside the Clam Bar, Kenneth saw Terry leave the van. “One’s coming this way!”
Matthew Bridger took one look and rushed out the door. “Father!”, his daughter called, then she too ran outside. The boys were close behind her.
Bridger was moving into the open street, trying to get a clear shot at Terry. Just as he was raising his rifle, Tina fired Earl’s old rifle. She had compensated a little too much however for the leftward drift and the shot went wide. Terry dove to the ground just the same. Bridger started running forward, firing as he went. Terry rolled as a slug kicked up a puff of dirt beside him. As he rolled he fired the heavy magnum. The third shot took Bridger in the leg. Heather screamed as her father went down, then bolted towards him. Close by, Brad moved to intercept her while, Josh ran at Terry, firing his Beretta. The 9 mm’s clip held fifteen rounds. Josh used up a fair number of them, but Terry finally went down. When he reached the  body he saw that Terrible Terry had been struck multiple times. 
Still standing by the van, Roland saw Terry go down and began firing at Josh with his own rifle. The first bullet went wide. The second nicked Josh’s left forearm. Cursing, Josh snapped off two fast shots and dropped down behind Terry’s remains. Grabbing the dead body, he propped it up before him as a shield while he reloaded. Seeing Josh down caused everyone who could fire at Roland to do so. The sour faced man felt one bullet hit him in the shoulder and one in his thigh. The one that entered his open mouth he never felt at all.
As the pain from his wounded arm finally reaching his brain, Josh sagged back down beside Terry’s lifeless body. Someone was calling his name. Looking around, he saw Jessie running towards him. “Get back!”, he cried, but Jessie kept coming, the two dogs at his heels. 



Josh willed himself to rise and went to meet his son.
***
From her hiding place behind the rusting truck, Lynn saw Josh and his son in the middle of the road. She stood up and, holding the Trooper’s gun with both hands, began firing. She had squeezed the trigger twice when the blast of a shotgun drove her back against the truck. The bearded man that had been chained in the plant, quickly reloaded Josh’s Coach gun.
Then Chisholm ’s four by four began spinning up dirt and gravel as its over-large tires dug for traction. The heavy treads bit in and the truck leapt forward, heading directly for the group in the middle of the street. Emerging from the dust, Eddy began shooting at the truck as it raced away from him. Inside the cab Kaream had the peddle to the metal while the Old Man leaned out the passenger window, wildly firing his .45 as the truck bounced over the uneven road. Everyone started shooting at once.
***
From the boathouse Flame pumped three shots into Chisholm’s truck as it raced by and the arm sticking out the passenger side was red with blood. Her fourth and last shot blew the front tire, causing the four by four to swerve drastically to the right --- where it hit the bearded man with the shotgun square in his legs, knocked him up over the cab as it kept on going. 
Up ahead Brad fired his Glock at the fast approaching truck, but the lightweight automatic jammed after the fifth shot. Casting it aside, he unslung his rifle and frantically worked the bolt. Beside him, Kenneth’s long barreled target pistol coughed repeatedly. Just to his left, Heather Bridger stood in front of her father and emptied Jessie’s little .22 at the truck still racing towards them. Ten yards further down the street Josh joined the others firing at the onrushing vehicle.
By now the still moving four by four looked as though it had just passed through a war zone. Two tires were gone, the body and windshield was full of holes and the radiator was hissing steam, yet still the bullet riddled truck continued to close on the defiant group up ahead. Slumped over dead at the wheel, Kaream’s heavy boot kept the motor racing.
From the doorway of the Clam Bar, Gus fired both barrels at once. The recoil from the powerful Coach Gun knocked him back on his ass. 
At the same time the blast vaporized the truck’s windshield, adding hundreds of tiny glass shards to the double load of #2 steel shot that raked the cab. The remains of both Kaream and John Winston Chisholm were splattered against the back window. 
And still --- much like Iccabod Crain faced in Irving’s  famous tale, ‘The Legend of Sleepy Hollow’, this ‘headless horseman kept right on coming!
When it was less than a dozen yards away from running over the group in the street, Billy’s tow-truck came racing out of a side alley. The heavier truck slammed into the four by four and drove it and its two dead occupants across the street and into a large stack of lobster straps.
As the gunshots, smoke and steam cleared away, silence once again settled over the sleepy little tourist town of Bar Harbor.
***

Chapter 24



York Beach
Maine July 29

A week after leaving Bar Harbor, Josh found himself sitting on York Beach, some two hundred miles south-west of Acadia National Park. They were still in Main, but the New Hampshire border was just a short drive down the coast. Watching wave after wave rolling across the vast Atlantic, Josh thought again of Matthew Bridger and his daughter bravely sailing southward in search of a new home. Bridger had offered to take all those who wanted to go. Most of the survivors they’d freed from Chisholm's had jumped at the idea. Josh had politely refused and wished them well. Gus, the old fisherman, had also opted to tag along with Josh’s group.
‘Got a hankering to see those mountains of yours after all,’ he had said. 
After seeing Bridger off, they had taken Highway #1 south along the coast, glad to leave the bloody little town far behind. Having been warned about the larger cities, they bypassed Portland and continued on through Kennebunk, Ogunquit and had finally stopped at the seaside community called The York's. Josh knew it well. He and his wife had spent a week or two there each summer for the last dozen years.
He glanced down at the piece of driftwood he’d been whittling. All that remained was a pile of shavings. Somehow this matched his present mood; a mood that had been with him ever since they’d left that bloodstained little town.
Sitting on the beach he reflected how everything looked both the same and yet strangely different. The waves still rolled in, the wind still blew, the tattered collection of houses, weathered and worn from the salt spray, still lined the sand dunes like weathered soldiers standing guard. Everything was still there --- except for the people. 
The hoards of vacationers were gone. No flocks of sun worshippers eagerly crowded on to the narrow strip of land. No brash, colorful umbrellas blocked his view. In town no lines of talkative tourists waited outside stores and restaurants. For Josh the strangest thing of all had been to look in the window of the Saltwater Candy Store and see the arms of the taffy puller frozen in mid air. Frozen like a fly caught in amber. ‘How long would it be, he had wondered, till the power once again came on? Years? Decades? Forever?’
The thought sent a chill down his spine.
Until The Cleansing happened, Josh had inwardly considered himself a loner; more content with his own company than the company of others. Family and a few close friends he allowed inside his own private world, but their number was far from legion. If the truth be told, those who really knew him could easily be counted on two hands. And even then, there’d be several fingers left over.
Then the pandemic had come along, wiping out most of the human race, leaving Josh the Loner really alone. And he was one of the lucky ones! Not just because he was alive, but because he still had not only friends, but family as well! He shuddered to think what it must be like to face a dead world completely, utterly, desperately alone. Deep inside he thought he’d have gone mad.
A sound beside him broke into his gloomy thoughts. Turning, Og’s face loomed before him. A rough, wet tongue washed his face --- a face whose owner hadn’t bothered to shave for a week.
“Mind a little company?”, Flame asked from several feet away. “Og and I were swimming and saw you sitting here all alone.” She sat down beside him, her long hair still dripping. Glancing over, Josh noticed the one piece bathing suit she wore matched her large, emerald eyes. He also couldn’t help but notice how low cut the front was. She stretched her tanned legs out before her and smiled. Josh returned the gesture, then went back to watching the waves.
They sat in silence for several minutes before Og, deciding to chase an upstart seagull from ‘his’ beach, tore off after the offending bird. The gull took to the air and hovered in the wind a dozen feet above the frantically barking pup.
Flame laughed deeply and leaned against Josh. “Isn’t that just like a male? Always wanting something that he can’t have.” She smiled. “Even if he did get it, he wouldn’t know what to do with it.”
Josh, conscious of her hand still on his arm, faced her. “You don’t give us males much credit for brains, do you?”
“Why should I?”, she asked, continuing to lean against him. “I mean, look where it’s got us. For thousands of years men ruled the world, made all the decisions, pushed all the buttons.”
“Even if that’s so,” Josh put in, “do you think that’s going to change now?”
Her deep laughter pealed across the beach. “Hell no! We women were just starting to gain some ground when some asshole, probably a male, fucked up big time. Now we’re all back in the bloody Stone Age. Survival of the fittest and all that shit.”
“Darwin would be pleased you agree,” Josh said dryly.
Flame laughed some more. “Don’t try that teacher-shit on me, Josh. I know who Darwin was, and I agree with him. But who says the fittest always has to be a male? I’ve know plenty of men in my time, and most of them were assholes, but they still thought they were big shots just because they carried around a third leg.”
Now it was Josh’s turn to laugh. “Does all this male-bashing have a point?”
Tossing back her wet hair, she turned to face him. “Sure it does. I spent most of my life looking for someone who would accept me as I am. Not try to change me or make me stand in his shadow. Whenever I thought I’d found him, somehow he’d turn into a shithead.” There was a long pause before she continued. “With you, I think it might be different.”
Josh was taken back. “Me? I thought you and Brad ---”
She took his hand in hers. “Brad’s a nice guy. A friend. I can talk to him and he listens, but --- ”
Josh sighed, deciding such frankness deserved a frank response. “I’ve had a wife, Flame. I loved her deeply. Part of me always will. I don’t want another one.”
Again her deep laughter rang out. “Christ, I don’t want to replace your wife, and I don’t give a shit about how many women you’ve had or will have. I told you, I want something more than just sex.”
“What then? Love?”
She held his gaze. “Respect. A kind of equal partnership.”
He reached out and gently touched her hair, sliding his finger down her upturned cheek. “My wife was my partner. I don’t want another one.”
She turned and faced his squarely. “Then tell me, Josh, what do you want?”
He looked at her for some time, the sounds around them stilled by the intensity of his gaze. When he did speak, his voice was heavy; not with desire, but with a distant longing. “I want everything to be as it was. I want a world where Snakes’ and Chisholm s’ exist only in books and on TV. I want a world where my son won’t be forced to grow up killing others just to stay alive.” He smiled, holding her gaze with his own. “Beyond that, I honestly don’t know.”
She sat there in silence, looking at this quiet man that drew her like no other ever had. In the course of her life she had had many lovers. A few times she had even thought herself in love. But this was different. Strangely different, and she wasn’t even sure she liked it. Always before she had called the shots. Her looks and her personality had always put her in the driver’s seat.
Until now.
She dropped her eyes. It was not a gesture she had made too many times in her life. Feeling suddenly like a schoolgirl, she groped for words she had used so easily in the past. They came awkwardly to her tongue.
“Do --- do you want me?”
Josh waited so long to answer she was unsure if he was going to. Then he spoke. The answer both delighted and confused her.
“Sometimes I do. Sometimes I don’t. Most of the time I’m just too damn busy to think about it.”
Her voice caught in her throat. Part of her wondered what the hell was happening. It had never been like this before.
“Do you want me --- now?”
This time the answer was quick in coming. Shockingly quick.
“No.”
She moved closer; wanting and angry at herself for wanting. “Why not? The others do. Brad. Jimmy. Even Eddy. He still doesn’t trust me, but I’ve seen his eyes follow me. If they can feel desire, why can’t you?”
This time it was he who took her hand. “Perhaps because it’s just too early. Too much has happened. I guess I’m just not ready for any more --- complications.”
“And that’s what I’d be for you? Just another ‘complication’?” There was more than a hint of anger in her voice.
He grinned, his hazel eyes sparkling. “You already are a complication. I’m just not sure how to deal with it yet.”
Her anger faded. ‘Don’t push it, girl!’, a little voice said inside her. ‘You’re on to something good here, so don’t screw it up! He said he was interested; well, sort of. He just needs time. What do you want him to do, take you right here on the beach?’ The answer to that came back at warp speed. ‘You’re bloody right I do!’, but she pushed that thought away. Instead, she smiled sweetly.
“That’s fair enough,” she said. “But you’ll let me know when you do?”
“You’ll be the first to know,” he said, forcing a smile.
Og’s little dog growl suddenly drew their attention. The pup stood with its hackles up, staring at two strangers walking towards them along the beach. A large dog trotted out ahead of them.
Josh instinctively checked his Beretta, then pulled the .22 Backup from his ankle holster and slipped it to Flame. She covered it with her towel and stood up. The strangers were a couple of hundred feet away. “Looks like a guy and an old lady. The guy’s carrying something. Could be a rifle.”
Josh stood up and called Og. The pup obeyed, but reluctantly. “Watch the old woman. And look happy.”
“I’d be a hell of a lot happier if this pop gun of yours was bigger!”
Josh waved at the odd pair. Both waved back. They looked like a young man taking his grandmother out for a stroll along the beach. Josh saw that the man was carrying not a rifle but a long handled shovel. The old woman had a large sack. Both dogs were busy sniffing each other --- then Og wanted to play.
“Hi there!”, the young man called, his tanned face breaking into a grin. He looked to be in his early twenties. A headband held back long, brown hair. “I’m Buz. Me and Granny here are out digging clams.”
“Having any luck?”, Josh asked, his eyes watching the shovel.
“Got enough Pissers here for a real clam-bake,” the old woman put in, eagerly showing the half full sack. “You and your misses are welcome to share. Come along back to the Lighthouse and I’ll fix us up a batch.”
The old woman’s smile showed a poor set of false teeth, but was open and friendly. Buz nodded agreement.
“You folks live near here?”, Josh asked. He had relaxed his guard somewhat, but not completely. A part of him wondered if he ever would.
“Just around the bend,” Buz replied. “Six of us have moved into the York Lighthouse. It’s sort of a commune. We live off what we grow and what we take from the sea. You know, like they did back in the Sixties!”
‘Christ!’, Josh thought. ‘A bunch of third generation Hippies!’ 
‘And what’s wrong with that?’, the voice inside him countered. ‘Peace and love are a hell of a lot better than what Snake or Chisholm had been offering!’
“We’d be pleased to,” Josh said. “But we’re not alone. There’s another six of us camped back in the dunes.”
“Far out!”, Buz grinned.
Granny agreed. “Bring them along. There’s plenty for all. Myra’s been baking bread since sunrise.”
Josh said they’d talk to the others and probably drop by on their way out of town. Granny told them to stop over anytime they liked, then called her dog and started off down the beach. Buz shot them a peace sign and trotted after her.
Josh and Flame watched them go, shrugged at each other and headed back to the others. Og, reluctant to leave his newfound friend, barked twice, then raced after his master.
As it turned out, they not only dropped by the Lighthouse, they stayed several days. Besides Buz and Granny there were three women, two men and a young boy about four or five. There were also three dogs and at least a dozen cats. They had a large garden planted and the sheltered bay provided an endless supply of fresh fish. Also, Myra’s bread was the best any of them had ever tasted.
It did them all good to see that there were people left who were attempting to build something worthwhile, instead of just living off the carcass of a dead world. Gus took the boys fishing in an old boat he ‘borrowed’ from the York docks. Buz and Bobby would play guitar and Granny accompanied them on a harmonica she swore Bob Dillon had given her mother at Woodstock. Og seemed to enjoy the company of the commune’s dogs, though Princess acted regal and refused the eager males company --- something Flame was quick to notice.
***
When they left a few days later, it was with full bellies, warm hearts, a bag of fresh vegetables and several loaves of Myra’s bread. Granny had packed a tin of Toll House Cookies, her own specialty, for the boys. As they drove away, Josh was pleased to find that he had left the sour taste of Bar Harbor far behind as well.
They stopped at the Kittery Trading Post to stock up on camping gear. This was the store Jessie had talked about as being the ‘most rad place in the world!’ Josh secretly agreed. It was a large, multi-leveled building, with each floor devoted to a specific outdoor sport. Once inside, everyone, including Gus, felt like a child let loose in a candy store. Trina, Flame and Bobby headed for the clothes section, Josh and Brad for the camping gear and Gus for the fishing department. Eddy wandered around trying on several pairs of hiking boots. Jessie and Kenneth headed straight for the archery department.
 Josh soon found himself in the antique gun section. He knew all these ‘ancient’ weapons were just replicas of the originals, but being a history teacher and more than a little in love with the past, these well crafted representations of days long gone drew him like a magnet. He had always loved the sleek, graceful lines of the Kentucky and Pennsylvania longrifles. The slender, hand-polished Tiger-Maple stock, the delicate brass work of the patchbox and half-moon buttplate, the hand forged hammer and frizzen. His mind ran backwards through the centuries as he lifted the graceful weapon to his shoulder. Hawkeye, Chingagcook, The Last of the Mohicans! Daniel Boone had carried just such a creation, as had Davy Crockett at the Alamo. Lewis and Clark as well as they forged their now legendary way across a much younger continent. A gun, yes, but also a tool to help feed your family and build a new world in this vast land with its forests, prairies and mountains! The fact that it looked and felt like a wondrous work of art only added to its allure!


But in this ‘Brave New World’ there was no place for such a delicate creation. Semi-autos with laser scopes and rubberized grips; squat, ugly machine pistols with thirty to fifty round magazines now ruled the day. The beauty, simplicity and ‘fairness’ of a one-shot muzzle-loader was truly a thing of the past --- as was both the skill needed to use it properly and the ethics involved in one shot-one kill in order to put meat on the table or to protect your loved ones.
Josh was about to put the lovely thing back with the others --- but a part of him, the part that loved the past more than the present and secretly longed to have been born in an earlier, simpler and more ‘honorable’ time, just couldn’t leave it there. Head warred with heart for a few brief moment --- and heart won out in the end. “Screw it!”, he said out loud, and gleefully tucked the beautiful flintlock .36 caliber Kentucky Squirrel Rifle into the crook of his arm --- a smile now replacing the frown he had been wearing most the morning. Within minutes he had located powder, shot and all the other necessities, including a 300 page book on Black Powder Shooting --- and he was more content that he’d been in weeks.
***
A half-hour later they all met at the front door. Each one was so laden down with things that Brad laughingly said they’d need another van just to carry it. Bobby piped up that he’d seen a Volkswagen dealership just down the street, and so while Josh cooked up a freeze-dried feast on his new Peak III hiking stove, Brad and Bobby left to pick out a new camper.
Billy, being a mechanic, suggested changing the oil on all the vehicles as well as checking the tires, brakes, ect. Eddy and the two boys helped Billy while the rest sorted though their gear, discarding most of the ‘pretty things’ that they really didn’t need.
Josh however kept his beautiful ‘new’ rifle and. It was early the next afternoon by the time they loaded up their gear and headed back to Mount Hawthorn. Brad’s new red Westphalia now added to the convoy and everyone felt happy and even excited to be on their way home.
***

Chapter 25



Upstate New York
Lake Champlain , August 5

While Josh and his group were wending their weary way home from their adventures in Maine, a large motor yacht was moving steadily southward along the western shore of Lake Champlain. On board was a motley crew of survivors, alike only in their lust for violence and united by their common goal; to take whatever they wanted and to hell with anyone that got in their way!
Six men of varying ages and dispositions, bound together by one man, James Phinious Tibbs, better known as One Arm. In his checkered career Tibbs had been everything from a logger to a pizza deliverer, a truck driver to a night watchman. He’d driven a taxi, slung hash and shoveled shit. Christ, ol’ One Arm had been a butcher, a baker, and a mean- spirited, bad-assed candlestick maker --- and during each and every one of these short-lived jobs he’d also been a drinker. Not just your average liquid-lunch kind of drinker mind you. No sir-eee! Not our good-ol’ boy James Phinious Tibbs! He was the honest ta Gawd REAL THANG! A dyed-in-the-wool, bad to the bone, good-to-the-last-drop kind of drinker! The kind that started with his first piss in the morning and ended with his last piss at night, driven by a never ending dedication to stay totally pissed in between.
Such single-mindedness had been the main reason for him having lost his arm. Tibbs had been working at Billing’s Sawmill in Raquette Lake, a small, nowhere little berg in upstate New York. After every three or four pulls on the large band-saw lever, Ol’ James Phinious had taken a pull on a bottle of Captain Morgan’s Dark. Drunk as a skunk, however, is not advisable while working any kind of heavy machinery, including a large toothed, board-cutting band saw. Gravity eventually got the better of him and he slipped. Cursing royally, he felt something like a beesting just above his left elbow. Reaching over the swat the little bugger, his hand came back red. Looking down he was surprised to see his arm lying in the sawdust. 
This little piece of trivia had taken place over seven years ago. Since then James Phinious Tibbs had been on a downhill side and steadily picking up speed. Arrested several times for drunken driving, he’d lost his license and drove anyway. After the workman’s compensation ran out he turned to robbery. Nothing big, for our boy James, for though he was a mean son-of-a-bitch, was not the sharpest blade in the sawmill. Just your average mugging here and there and a little B & E now and then, with a little rape and sadistic beatings thrown in for good measure. Enough to keep him in cigarettes, pills and booze.
It was while doing a two year stretch in the Utica pen that he picked up both his tattoos and his nickname. While there he also took crash course in killing on the side. Word was that if you wanted a fellow inmate greased, offed or shanked, One Arm was the man to see. He’d been out six months and was wanted for parole violation and three counts of armed robbery when the World took one mutherfucking turn for the worse. 
***
In June, just before the shit really hit the fan, James Phinious had been hiding out with some bikers in a run down farmhouse outside Dannemora. They were having a little party late one night, when all the good ol’ boys suddenly started choking and puking and turning a rather ghoulish shade of green. At first he thought it was the shit they’d been smoking, but when the green turned to grey and when Boots McHanan crumpled in on himself like a deflated balloon, One Arm started to get the Big Picture. The only part of Mister McHanan that was left was his fancy tooled cowboy boots on one end of his jeans and the Golden Eagle belt buckle on the other. There was a torn T-shirt as well, sporting the ever popular Hallmark saying: Mother? Fuck-her! 
One Arm had gone tearing round the place looking for anyone left alive. All he found was carbon copies of Boots. Thirteen bikers and their assorted ladies lay scattered about like last years ashes. 
That’s when he’d flipped out completely. Jumping into a pick-up, he drove through the suddenly silent town of Dannemora, honking the horn and screaming at the top of his lungs. In the end all he saw was one lone old dog taking a shit in the middle of the road. On a whim he swerved and ran the dog down, taking out a fire hydrant in the process. Somehow the mindless violence acted like Grandma’s tonic, flushing the fear from his veins. Without looking back, he left Dannemora NY and headed on for bigger and better things.
In much larger Plattsburg he found a number of survivors. The first two were an old man sitting in a rocker on his front porch and a middle aged woman wandering around a park clutching a doll. He’d ignored the useless old man, but gleefully rapped the woman and tied her up in the back of his pick-up.
The next day he’d come across a skinny young man with hair the color of moldy straw. The youth was busy smashing store windows with a baseball bat. One Arm drove up and casually asked the youth if he’d like a go at the woman. The look the kid gave back had One Arm tightening his grip on the shotgun he’d picked up at C. J. Penny’s. Then the youth’s beady eyes had shifted to the near naked woman tied in the back of the truck. When they flicked back, One Arm saw a baleful light burning deep within his gaze. The youth was close to drooling.
“Go ahead, son,” One Arm smiled. “But watch out for her nails.”
After he had finished in the back of the truck, the straw haired youth hopped in the cab, grinning from ear to unwashed ear. One Arm handed him a fifty dollar cigar. Introductions were short and to the point: “I’m Boss, you’re The Kid. Got it?”
“Got it, man.”
On the truck’s sound system Johnny Cash was riding the Orange Blossom Special. One Arm cranked up the volume, fired up their cigars with a solid gold lighter he’d helped himself to back at the cigar shop and the two high rollers set of to find others of their ilk.
Later that same afternoon they happened upon a likely lad. Bruce ‘Rambo’ Chillis. Bruce was shooting empty beer cans outside a gun shop. He’d chug a brewsky, set it on the top of a nearby car, go back to the arsenal he had in the back of a new, red jeep, carefully choose a weapon, and blast away. Bruce, however, was either a lousy shot or the beers were taking their toll, for most of the cars on the street had their windows shattered and sported large holes in various parts of their anatomy. Still, a hell of a lot of Coors cans had also bit the dust.
His marksmanship aside, Mr. Chillis looked the part of the recently late and debatably great movie-star whose infamous character’s name he had taken on. He was dressed in laced combat boots, camouflage pants held up by a belt from which hung a .45 automatic on one hip and a knife best described as a short sword on the other. A black sleeveless shirt strained over bulging muscles and a red headband encased long, curly black hair. For one mad moment One Arm thought he was looking at the real thing. When the half-in-the-bag soldier-of-fortune fired a burst from a semi-automatic rifle in their direction, he was even more sure of it. The bullets punched several holes in the pick-up’s radiator. Steam hissed out like the breath from an angry dragon.
“Holy shit!”, The Kid, (soon to be christened Straw Hair by Rambo), half yelled, half squeaked. “That crazy fucker nearly killed us!”
Slamming on the brakes, One Arm’s pock-marked face stretched into a predatory smile. His gold tooth gleamed. “Could have too, Shit Head. That ol’ boy missed us because he wanted to.”
Getting out of the dying truck, One Arm prudently left the shotgun on the seat. “Stay here and shut up,” he growled at The Kid, then, flashing his golden smile, he approached the big man with the big gun.
“Getting in a little practice, I see. Mind some company, friend?”
The man’s eyes, and the barrel of the rifle, tracked the one armed man’s approach. Back in the cab, The Kid reached slowly for the shotgun.
“They call me One Arm,” he continued, moving the stump that ended just above his left elbow. “The young asswipe in the cab I call The Kid.”
Dark eyes danced from the speaker to the youth in the truck. The gun followed. “Tell him to show his hands or you can call him Dog Meat.”
One Arm yelled over his shoulder. “Show your hands! And make sure they’re empty!”
The Kid thrust his hands through the open window like a demented faith healer.
“Satisfied?”, One Arm asked.
Rambo’s clone snatched a can of beer out of several cases piled on the curb and tossed it to One Arm. Catching it deftly, he flashed his gold tooth and used it to pull the tab. Warm suds foamed over his beard. “Tastes like warm piss, but it hits the spot.”
 The man joined him. “What’s with the woman?”
One Arm glanced back at the truck. From where he stood he could only see a head matted with tangled brown hair. The rest of her was wrapped in an old car blanket. “Just a little distraction,” he said, winking slyly. “You interested?”
The stranger didn’t bother to respond, so One Arm pressed on. “Me and The Kid were planning a little boat trip. Thought we’d pick out one of those big mothers down at the marina and chug over to Burlington. Maybe even cruise on down the lake. Hell, the fucker’s over a hundred miles long! The three of us could make a party out of it! What do you say?”
The man shrugged and nodded at the truck. “She coming along?”
One Arm’s grin widened. The key to getting this walking weapons factory on his side had just dropped into his hand. “If you want, though we’ll probably pick up a dozen better than her as we cruise around.”
“Aint interested.”
One Arm’s patience was starting to wear a tad thin with this fucker. Laconic was not a word One Arm was familiar with, but he sure as hell knew a stuck-up, mightier than thou attitude when he saw one. A sudden urge to shove a knife into this tight lipped bastard flooded through him. His good hand even started for the Boot Knife he kept strapped to his left ankle. ‘I’ll cut this wise-ass dog turd a new smile from ear to ear!’, he thought.
Then he felt a slight nudge in his stomach. Looking down he saw that the tip of the man’s own long knife was already lost inside the folds of his shirt. The serrated fangs along the top spine looked like giant fish hooks. A flick of the wrist and One Arm’s steaming guts would spill out all over the ground.
“Well, are you going to do it or not?”, One Arm managed to say. To give him his due, there was only a hint of tremor in his voice.
The taller man held his gaze for several heartbeats, then smiled and the mini sword seemed to have magically returned to its scabbard.
 “You might be shy an arm, friend, but you aint missing any balls. I like that. How about another beer?”
One Arm willed his hand not to shake. Something told him that he’d just come a whole lot closer to dying than he had in all his wayward years put together.
The stranger waved a beer in The Kid’s direction. “ Hey Straw Hair? Want a brew?” The Kid was out of the cab like a shot. It seemed he’s gained a new name as well as a new friend.
After they’d downed a few more Coor’s, the Rambo look-alike had Straw set the empties up on a smashed Toyota across the street. When Straw returned, the quiet stranger handed the youth a .45 and nodded at the cans. Straw, looking like the kid with a new toy, grinned from ear to ear. Three shots later the cans still sat atop the Toyota, only now the car was minus a side window and sitting on a flat. The .45 was passed on to One Arm, who at least hit a couple of cans before returning the empty pistol.
“Your turn, Mister Rambo,” Straw grinned. The half dozen beers he’d downed were starting to give him a pleasant little buz.
The man spit, then walked over to his jeep. When he returned, he was carrying a stubby little cannon that made Straw think of what one of his heroes, Arnold Swartzinager, had used in Terminator II. The bandoleer of elephant size enemas slung over his shoulder completed the picture. The stranger snapped open the short cannon and inserted one of the large shells. He then raised and fired in one fluid motion. A second later the Toyota blew up --- literally. The car seemed to leap into the air, do a half gainer, then flopped down on its roof, flames and black smoke pouring out the shattered windows.
“Ho-leee-fuck!”, Straw beamed, slapping his thigh like a rube at a barn dance. “You ARE Rambo!”
The man’s stern face creased into a sly smile as his hard eyes washed hungrily over the excited youth.
One Arm knew that look. During his little sabbatical up in the Utica pen he’d seen it aplenty. Some of the toughest, meanest cons would get that look in their eye whenever a new, young prisoner came in. ‘Fresh meat’ they called them. They didn’t, however, stay fresh for long.
Content that he had at last found the key he needed to control this walking cannon, One Arm belched and reached for another Coor’s, his gold tooth aglow in the Toyota’s flames.
***
Now, a month after meeting Straw and Rambo, One Arm’s nasty little group had more than tripled in size. The 35 foot yacht he’d liberated from Plattsburg Marina was now crewed by six full-blown psychos, led by a greasy haired man missing one quarter of his limbs and four quarters of his conscience. The Dirty Half-Dozen he laughingly dubbed them. A carefree bunch of good ol’ boys, each and every mother’s son of them loaded for bear and, just like the song said, ‘looking for love in all the wrong places’.
Now and then they’d take on an extra crew member. Gleaned from hamlets scattered about the meandering shore of Lake Champlain, most of these shell-shocked survivors would gladly join the motley crew. Men and women alike, but since this was far from the Good Ship Lollipop, few lasted more than a couple of days. There’d be a quarrel over a bottle or a woman, (as One Arm had promised, there were always plenty of women), and then someone would die. Now that Facebook. Instagram and Twitter were things of the past, a bullet in the head or a knife in the back was the simplest way of solving any pesky social problems.
Besides, One Arm was more than a tad superstitious, and six it seemed was his ‘lucky number’. The number of women on board didn’t seem to count one way or the other.
“Hey, Boss! Looks like we got another live one!”
Straw Hair, standing on the bow of the 35 foot yacht, pointed at an old rusty pick-up pacing them on the road running alongside the lake.
From the large seat atop the yacht’s wheelhouse, One Arm sat up. Pushing Cindy-Lou or Betty-Sue or whatever the fuck her name was off him, he squinted into the westering sunlight. Sure enough, he saw an old green pick-up slowly driving along the shore road.
“Hand me the glasses, Bitch!”, he growled.
Cindy-Lou/Betty-Sue hastened to obey. In the week she’d been aboard the good ship Sadistic, she’d learned to move her ass in more ways than one. Either that or Captain Stump, (that’s what most the girls called One Arm behind his back), or worse, that walking piece of dog shit, Rambo, would decide a little ‘correction’ was in order. Both were pretty liberal when it came to handing out ‘correction’.
Through the powerful binoculars One Arm saw that the driver was a bearded man in his late fifties or early sixties. An old hat hid most of his features, but by the way he was casually hanging his arm out the window, it looked like he wasn’t too worried about the large bout out on the lake.
“I’ll soon fix that!’, One Arm said to himself. Pulling the stubby .38 out of the clamshell holster clipped to his belt, Captain Stump fired four shots at the old truck. Laughing, he watched the truck speed off down the road.
Doug Shellings stuck his long, thin body out the wheelhouse window and looked around for a body. Peter Welter looked up from his game of Solitaire, scratched his thinning hair and then went back to cheating himself out a red queen. Sitting in the head, ‘Weasel’ Weasilski continued drooling over an old Playboy’s centerfold. Too preoccupied at the time, Weasel never even heard One Arm’s little impromptu target practice.
Several of the women began clucking away, wondering who was dead now and glad that it wasn’t one of them.
Rambo, however, knew exactly what had happened. He was on his bunk, absorbed in cleaning one of his numerous guns when he heard the four distinctive little ‘pops’. One Arm got his rocks off shooting at strangers.
‘Asshole’, he said to himself. This sentiment was not brought on by any humanitarian reasons, rather it was because of One Arm’s poor choice of weapons. In Rambo’s view, the only thing a Snub Nosed .38 was good for was giving someone an enema.
“Look at the old bugger go!”, One Arm laughed.
Cindy-Lou/Peggy-Sue smiled sweetly. She was scared shitless not to.
“The crazy old fart probably won’t stop till he runs out of gas!”, One Arm grinned, reaching out and pulling the girl to him. The .38 felt like a jagged piece of ice on her bare back.
Cindy grinned, preying the one armed maniac wouldn’t decide on a target more closer to home. She need not have worried, for the captain’s gaze was on the cluster of buildings still more than a mile away.
“Hey, Straw! What’s that little shit-burg up ahead?”
Straw pulled a nautical map out of his open shirt. After a moment he called up. “Some town called Crown Point. Says there’s a ‘historical fort’ there. ‘Built in the mid 18th century by the French in an attempt to hold back their enemies, the British, it was destroyed by fire in 1757,’ he read haltingly. 



“A town called Mount Hawthorn is right behind it, he added. “Map says there’s a large nature park there. A ‘wildlife sanctuary’.” Straw prided himself on being able to read the charts and keep them off the sandbars. So far they’d only run aground twice.
“’Wildlife’?”, One Arm repeated, giving Cindy’s bare ass a little squeeze. “That’s the way we like it, eh Bitch?”
Cindy looked up and smiled, secretly wishing she had the Clap, just so she could give this limp-dicked bastard a double dose.
One Arm banged on the railing. Doug Shelling’s long, thin head appeared out the window below him. “What’s up, Boss?”
“My dick up her ass!”, One Arm grinned. “Point this tug toward that town up ahead. We’re going to have us some fun tonight!”
Deadly Doug grinned and vanished back inside. A moment later the large diesel engine revved up a few notches and the good ship Sadistic began to surge forward from five knots to ten. Its top speed was twenty, but full out the bitch gobbled fuel faster that a whore gobbled sailors on shore leave. They’d filled up back at Port Henry, but already the fucking tanks were just a little under half! Deadly Doug looked up and smiled to himself. ‘No worries, mate,’ he thought. ‘Looks like the town up ahead has everything we need!’
***
Willard Spinner was pissed off. It took a lot to get the tough old farmer riled, but the assholes shooting at him from that fancy boat had done it! Willard now had the old Ford’s peddle to the metal and was ripping down the Lake Road at a speed somewhere close to Warp I. (The speedometer hadn’t worked for years, but, just like Willard himself, the old gal had a lot of get up and go left in her yet!)
Sadat, the little Turk sitting beside him, wasn’t pissed off. Sadat was scared shitless! A slug from One Arm’s .38 had passed through one open window and out the other, taking the little Turk’s straw hat with it. Looking over at the small foreigner, Willard noticed that Sadat’s usual dark, swarthy complexion had lightened up considerably. Another few shades lighter, he noted, and the little sheep farmer might even pass for a ‘real American’. Willard also noted that if the bullet had been a few shades lower, Sadat would now be dead. He liked the little man, and the thought of seeing his Turkish brains splattered all over his cab made him even more pissed off!
Over the past month quite a few strangers had passed through Crown Point. They’d come in ones and twos, looking lost both in mind as well as body. Most didn’t stay and that was just fine with him. It seemed to Willard that of the few people left after IT happened, the vast majority weren’t worth a bucket of pig slop. Not like the folks back at Hawthorn. No sir-ee! Doc and Josh and the others were people a man could depend on, not like most these wandering fools out on the roads!
Still, some were decent enough folks, and most of those had gladly stayed on when Doc had asked them; like Jim Shell and his wife, Marcy. Oh, everyone knew that she wasn’t really his wife, but that didn’t seem to matter much anymore. Then there was Fred Perkins, plump Thelma Wiggs, Tom Leeson, and the two young women, Betty Sinclair and Jenny Hiller. Even the dark little Turk, Sadat Something-or-other was okay, though Willard hadn’t trusted him at first. The swarthy little ex taxi driver was just a little too foreign for Willard’s tastes. ‘Christ! He wasn’t even a Christian!’ But after the little fellow had willingly pitched right in when Willard’s best mare was having a breach birth, the big farmer’s somewhat narrow views had widened considerably.
He and Sadat had been on their way into Crown Point for more feed for the horses when they first saw the boat. Looking out over the two miles of sparkling water, Willard had been surprised to see the large, white monster cruising down the lake about 100 yards off shore. A ‘yacht’ the city-folk called them. Willard didn’t know much about ‘yawts’, except they always looked sort of sissified to him. Plus they cost a hell of a lot of money! A boat for him was something you could go fishing in and not worry about spilt beer or fish guts. He’d slowed down to take a better look. Then the shooting had started!
“Smart-assed, yawt-driving city-folk!”, he cursed as he swerved around a sharp curve. “I’ll soon show ‘em to fool around with honest, hard working folk!” Suddenly it came to him just how he was going to do just that! Willard glanced over at Sadat sitting in the passenger seat, then up at the gun rack behind him. 
Willard had always loved firearms. Ever since his daddy had given him his grandfather’s 410 Poacher’s Gun he’d loved them. Not handguns though. Handguns were meant for only one thing --- killing other humans, and Willard had no truck with that shit! But longuns now, they were something else. Not counting old Charlie Handcock, Willard had one of the biggest collections of rifles in upstate New York.
His old 12 gage was in the rack, along with the new long rifle he’d picked up a week ago up at Ben’s Ammo & Bait in Chimney Point. 
It was a .444 Marlin, one of the most powerful long bore rifles made. Fitted with a good scope and a maximum load, just a few days ago he’d brought down a deer from just under 300 yards. Two hundred and eighty-seven to be exact. He’d proudly paced them off on his way to collect the fresh meat for the Family.
Looking up at the .444 Marlin, Willard knew exactly how he was going to pay back them trigger-happy ‘yawt-fellas’.
***

Chapter 26


Lake Champlain
New York August 5

A good quarter mile outside of Crown Point, a rocky, pine covered finger of land thrust itself a hundred yards out into Lake Champlain. Willard brought the pick-up to a screeching halt and shut off the motor.
“Why are we stopping here, Willard?”, Sadat asked. “Are they still shooting at us?” The little man’s eyes were wider than ever.
Willard grinned, reached up and handed his daddy’s old double barrel to his new friend. Sadat took it as though it was hot. 
“No, but we’re going to do some shooting at them! Come on, Saddy, get that low slung ass of yours in gear!”
Of the fourteen people now living in Mt. Hawthorn, (not counting the still absent Josh Williams and his roving band of adventurers), twelve of them now lived up in the Park. Doc Gruber’s place had gotten too small to hold all the newcomers, and there were several large old houses up there, each one equipped with fireplaces, iron stoves, gardens, barns and woodsheds. Each was located on a vast, rolling estate bordering the two central lakes. The lakes were stocked with bass and trout. A river, complete with waterfall and functioning grist mill, connected the two lakes. The Shire, Doc had called it, after the home of some funny little fellows in a famous book he’d once read. To Willard the Mount Hawthorn Nature Reserve would always be just ‘The Park’. Whatever its name, the dozen survivors had taken it over, setting up their own little community. 



Willard’s farm bordered on it. Sadat had chosen to stay with him. The little Turk had said it was because he liked being close to the animals. It reminded him of when he was a boy in Turkey on his grandparent’s farm. After the business with the mare and her colt, Willard hadn’t minded a bit.
Over the last two weeks they’d worked well together, tending the corn and wheat, weeding the garden and caring for the livestock. Sadat had proven to be very good with horses. For relaxation they’d go riding, fish in the lakes, visit with Doc and the folks over at the Big House on the lake or just sit on the front porch and watch the sun go down. 
Yet the aging farmer had not been able to interest the little ex taxi-driver in his one great passion --- hunting.
Sadat was deathly afraid of guns.
***
“Come on, Saddy!”, Willard urged, taking down the new Marlin and filling his pockets with the extra large shells. “We aint going to shoot nobody. Just scare them yawt fellas the hell away from our town!”
“But what if they shoot back?” Sadat asked nervously.
Willard hefted the long rifle with the large scope. “They won’t get close enough. This little darling will see to that! All I need you for is to make a little extra noise.”
Somewhat mollified, Sadat accepted the box of 12 gage shells thrust at him. Moments later both men were trotting through the pines towards the end of the headland.
Willard soon found the spot he was after, a well concealed duck blind he had watched his father and grandfather build over fifty years ago out of the black shale found on the shore of Lake Champlain. Positioned among the large boulders left there 12,000 years ago by the last Ice Age, they could easily make out the big, white yawt. It was coming directly towards them at a surprisingly fast clip .
“They’ve seen us!”, Sadat whispered, though the yacht was still half a mile away.
“Naw,”, Willard replied, deftly loading the Marlin. “The fool driving that thing is just cutting in close to the headland. Serves him right if he rips the bottom out of her!”
“Are --- are you sure we should do this?” Sadat asked.
Willard frowned at the little man. “They shot at us, didn’t they? They’re heading right for Crown Point, aint they? You want that lot poking around our town? Shooting it up? You remember those young punks who came around last week? You want that to happen again?”
Sadat remembered all too well. Three young men had come through Mt. Hawthorn last week in a large four-by-four. All three of them had been drunk to begin with and a whole lot drunker after raiding the liquor store. The Park is only two miles further up the mountain, and they might have kept on going if Mrs. Chan and a couple of the women hadn’t come down for groceries. The three punks spotted them and chased them back up to The Park. Sadat had been tending the corn and saw the two trucks race by. The young men had apparently driven right up to the Big House and demanded that at least one of the younger women come with them.
Doc Gruber had gone out to talk to them. Mrs. Chan and Thelma had followed. Those still inside had reached for weapons. When Doc asked them politely to be on their way, tempers had flared. The three punks had drawn guns and Jim Shell, Fred Perkins and Jenny Hill had opened fire. By the time he and Willard had got there, the two of the three young men were dead. Tom Leeson and Jenny Hiller were guarding the third one while Doc patched up a bullet hole in his left arm. They’d sent him on his way, still leaking blood. The other two had been buried out in the forest.
“No, I don’t want that to happen again,” Sadat said. “I just don’t want us to get killed either.”
“Just stay low, little buddy, and do what I say. We’ll have us a good tale to tell at the Big House tonight!”
Willard wrapped the Marlin’s sling around his arm for added stability and leaned against a large boulder. Shadows cast from the pines darkened his face. He looked like a cross between an aging Lone Ranger and a member of the Grand Ol’ Opre’s SWAT team. Looking through the large scope, he squinted at the yacht. The X10 view made it look like the boat was at the end of the barrel. The rifle was zeroed in for 200 yards. Willard calculated he should hold a couple of inches high to hit at 400 hundred. He then winked at Sadat and spit into the wind. (All that was missing was a ‘junkyard dog’ and ‘Superman’s cape’.)
***
On the upper deck of the big boat One Arm put the field glasses down and turned his attention back to more pleasant things. The choices at hand were between Cindy-Lou or a can of beer. Much to the girl’s secret satisfaction, the cold brew won out.
“Any sign of that old bastard?” Rambo asked.
“Shit,” One Arm grinned over a mouthful of foam. “That old fucker won’t stop running till he gets back to his chicken coop and changes his shorts! Lighten up, man, it’s Miller Time!”
Down below at the wheel, Deadly Doug Snelling was easing in closer to a rocky headland less than a quarter mile away. The town they had seen earlier was now lost from view behind the narrow finger of land.
The map on the chart table showed a series of 3’s, 4’s and 5’ all around the peninsula. Doug wondered if the numbers meant feet or yards or fathoms. He had no idea what the fuck a ‘fathom’ was, and right now he didn’t give a shit. The two little red pills he’d swallowed half an hour ago were really kicking in and he himself was just about ready to blast off for the stars. Shoving the twin throttles all the way forward, the speed leapt up to its maximum  20 knots. He also had no idea what a ‘knot’ was either, except that right about now it felt like Warp fucking III. Beam me up, Snotty! 
Suddenly the windscreen on the upper deck exploded, shattering One Arm, Rambo and Cindy-Lou with hundreds of Plexiglas chips. 
“Whathefuck?!!” One Arm bellowed. Blood was streaming down his cheek from a cut from the space-age windshield.
Cindy-Lou had started screaming. Rambo drew his .45 and slammed it alongside her head, dropping the girl like a stone. Three hundred yards away, Willard saw all this through his powerful scope. Cursing, he lined the cross-hairs on Rambo’s muscular chest and began to gently squeeze the Marlin’s trigger. At the last second he swung the barrel down. The 500 gram hollow point bullet streaked its way across the sunlit water, punching into the wall under the shattered windscreen. Its momentum far from spent, the expanding slug came out the other side, tumbled to the left, ripped through the cooler filled with Miller Light and buried itself in the exterior wheel seat One Arm had just vacated.
“Jesus Christ Almighty!”, One Arm gasped. “What was that? A fucking cannon?!”
Rambo ignored him. Squinting into the distance, he was looking for a muzzle flash. The yacht’s diesel drowned out any chance of locating the shooter by sound.
Down below another slug ripped through the wheelhouse, shattering the large front and back windows. Deadly Doug Snelling, oblivious to the sizzling death that all but parted his hair, continued blissfully to pilot his own personal starship.
Still on the toilet with his magazine, Weasel Weasilski pushed open the head door and was about to step out onto the deck when the door suddenly banged back into his nose. Dropping the Playboy, his hand went up and came away bloody. The flash of anger turned to amazement as he looked up and saw a ragged hole where none had been before.
Willard’s fifth and last shot before he had to reload slammed into one of several 45 gallon gasoline drums lashed on the forward deck. Gas began pissing out one side and pouring out the other.
One Arm, his .38 clutched uselessly in his hand, turned to Rambo and screamed: “Do something!”
The soldier-of-misfortune was already on the stairs leading down to the wheelhouse. Seeing both windows gone and gas pouring out on the lower deck, he yanked smiling Space Cadet Douglas Snelling out of orbit and deposited him on his butt.
“Hey, man, no need to ...” His voice trailed off as the last batch of chemicals reached his brain. Deadly Dave seemed to have momentarily lost both his train of thought abd the ability to speak.
Rambo, however, hadn’t. Yanking the wheel around, he yelled at Pete Welter to haul his candy-ass up there and take the wheel. Pete, sweat beading on his receding forehead, scrambled to comply. Gas sloshed around his feet.
By now Willard had reloaded. Through the powerful scope, at a little over 200 yards he saw the sweat on Pete’s forehead. Willard shifted slightly, searching for a non-human target. His sixth bullet went directly into the wheelhouse, tore the expensive sonar unit to rat-shit, then ricocheted off a steel strut. The mangled piece of copper whizzed around the room like a mini meteor, entered Deadly Dave’s open mouth and exited out the back of his skull. Bits of bone and brain splattered what was left of the white walls.
Pete’s eyes were wide with wonder. “Hey! Somebody’s shooting at us!”, he managed to get out, proving beyond the shadow of a doubt that there were certainly no flies on Mrs. Welter’s little boy Peatie. He turned to pass on this information to Rambo, but that particular military mastermind was once again already on the move.
Having caught a glimpse of Willard’s muzzle flare, Rambo now knew exactly where this little problem was coming from. He also thought he had a ready solution.
‘Must be the old fucker in the pick-up!’, Rambo reasoned, his cold eyes straining for a sign of the truck. “Head for that point up ahead!”, he yelled as he tore down the passageway to his own room. “Zig-zag a bit to throw off the old bastard’s aim, but get me close to that bloody point!”
Then he was inside his room. Pete had only been in there once, but once was enough. It looked like a fucking arsenal! Weapons of all kind filled the tiny space. Rifles, shotguns, handguns. Pete had even caught a glimpse of something that looked like a fucking bazooka! Glancing quickly at Dave’s body on the floor, Pete began working the wheel. The headland was about a 100 yards away and coming up fast.
Rambo reappeared a moment later and Pete nearly shit his pants. The tall man was holding what looked to Pete like something out of the tail gun of a B-52! Long, dark and ugly, (which also described its owner!), with a half dozen rotating barrels and a belt that was longer than his sainted mother’s sermons on the many virtues of a good education!
Straw Hair appeared at the missing front window, took one glance at this real life-like movie idle striding towards him and ducked for cover. The barrel of the H & K Rotating Cannon lowered, centered on the finger of land now no more than seventy-five yards away and began to speak. Over its continuous, powerful bark, Rambo screamed unheard words of wisdom. Laying on his stomach on the middle deck, Straw Hair may not have been able to follow the words, but he didn’t need the Gift of Tongues to catch the drift. The bark of a H & K was universal, its meaning crystal-fucking clear. ‘Move over Sony! God’s here and He’s real pissed off!’
The big cannon spit out death in the form of six rounds per second. Fire and brimstone delivered to your door. Don’t forget to write!
Despite the recent ‘air conditioning’, acid smoke and ear-splitting sound filled the wheelhouse before the yacht had advanced another twenty yards. Through it all Rambo stood with legs apart, a Primal Scream still erupting from his curled lip as death and bloody destruction vomited out of the rotating barrels.
By the time the long belt was emptied, both Straw and Pete thought Quasimodo had given up his bell-tower condo in Notre Dame and taken up permanent residence in their heads. The girls, Cindy-Lou the Second, Betty-Sue, and Big Bertha, were on their knees offering up unending devotion and unlimited blowjobs to whoever or whatever would make the thunder stop. Weasel Weasilski had dove back inside the head with a serious case of the Hershey Squirts and One Arm was standing on the front of the upper deck screaming at the top of his considerable lungs to: 
“Kill the bastards!”
His head still pounding as reality set in, Pete pulled back hard on the duel throttles and yanked the wheel to the left. The yacht’s diesel dropped from a roar to a purr as the bow swung to port. The wash from the wake caught up and rocked the large boat like a babe in a cradle. 
When the rocking passed, all eyes strained towards the headland now just a little over a hundred feet away. Where once a wind-bent pine grove had stood, their now was only shattered bark, dangling branches and large boulders. Severed fair sized tree limbs lay about. Large trunks bled sap from multiple holes. Rocks, both large and small, had gouges and chips torn from their age-old surfaces. The headland looked like a hurricane had passed over it --- Hurricane Asskicker!
As the yacht slowly came parallel with the killing ground, Straw gave a ragged cheer. Pete joined in, followed by One Arm himself. Weasel Weasilski stuck his head out of the can, blinked into the fading sunlight, and stepped out, fully intending to join in the celebration. The next slug from Willard’s .444 however blew yet another porthole in the head door, taking a good deal of Weasel’s skull with it.
As the body crumpled to the deck, the three women began wailing again. From the top deck, Cindy-Lou the First heartily joined in.
“The fucker’s still there!”, One Arm bellowed. “The stupid old fuck is still fucking there!”
“Not for long!”, Rambo hissed, sprinting back towards his room.
One Arm turned and bellow at Pete to put some distance between themselves and the old bastard who somehow refused to die. As he bent over the rail, Willard’s Marlin spoke again. With the engine idling softly, the thunder from the long rifle could clearly be heard by everyone; the blinding pain it caused, however, could only be felt by One Arm. A searing gout of agony enveloped his head. The crown itself felt like someone had laid a cherry-red poker on it. He fancied he even heard the hiss as hair and skin sizzled. Already bleeding from the cheek, rivulets of sticky wet crimson now poured down his entire face.
“I’m shot!”, One Arm squealed. The words came out at such a high pitch that every dog in the area must have uttered a sympathetic whine. Blinded now by his own blood, One Arm raised his hitherto forgotten .38 and began firing. The first four shots went winging off into the wild blue yonder. The fifth one struck the large brass bell mounted on the upper deck to mark the changing of the watch. The sixth gave Cindy-Lou the First a second navel. Looking down at the neat little hole below her breasts, her long legs gave way and she sat down on her often ill-used ass. A look of surprise drifted over her once pretty features. ‘Free at last. Free at last. Great God Almighty, I’m free at last!’, her somewhat whimsical expression seemed to say. The look soon drifted away, her soul or spirit or life-force following quietly soon after.
Just above her, the brass bell finally ceased its tolling
***
“Willard! Willard!”, Sadat yelled. “You’re bleeding! “
The grizzly old farmer turned and looked down into the little man’s worried face. “I aint dead, you dumb Turk! Just winged me is all!”
Willard looked a whole lot more than ‘winged’ to Sadat. In fact, if he wasn’t dead, he should be! His face and hands were covered with scrapes and cuts and he was leaking blood from three or four places. Most of it, however, came from the rock-chips that had been flying around. There was one nasty gouge in the old man’s left shoulder that might have been caused by a bullet, but Sadat couldn’t be sure.
He himself wasn’t exactly feeling in the pink of health. The house-sized boulder they had hid behind had shielded them from Rambo’s own version of Armageddon, but the ‘fallout’ had been something else again! Besides the rock-chips, there had been the bloody ricochets! Led had whizzed and wined all around them like kernels of corn in a hot-air popper. Sadat had a cut on his forehead, another on his left arm and a hole in his right shoe. His toes still moved, but they hurt like hell.
“We got to get out of here!” Sadat said.
Willard attempted a smile. Through the blood it looked like a grimace.
 “Here’s what were going to do, Saddy. When they’re heading away from us, we both jump up and let go a few rounds, then run like hell for the truck!”
“Why not just sneak away now?”, the little man demanded.
Willard’s friendly eyes narrowed. “’Cause I aint going to run till I get me one more lick at those sonovabitches!” 
Sadat swallowed, then nodded agreement.
This time Willard’s smile reached his eyes. “We’ll learn ‘em to come snoopin’ around our town shootin’ at peaceable folk!”.
***
Rambo pulled the tab that extended the Laws Rocket and flipped up the sight. The whole thing was about a yard long. Built as a one-shot disposable bazooka, it launched a mini-rocket a quarter of a mile or more.
“Jesus wept!”, Pete intoned as he looked on, his shell-shocked mind dredging up a quote from a youth spent in revival tents and pool halls.
Rambo placed the tube on his shoulder and peered through the sight. As the yacht cruised around in its slow circle, the cross hairs lined up on the largest boulder less than 50 yards away.
“Better stand to one side, ladies,” Rambo said. “This baby blows out both ends.”
Straw and Pete almost tripped over Doug Snelling’s body jumping out of the way. One Arm, now at the controls, a blood-soaked bandana tied round his forehead, giggled like an old maid on her first date. The three remaining women were nowhere to be seen.
As the yacht came abreast of the headland, Rambo pressed a red button on the side of the stubby tube. “Fire in the hole!”
A ‘whoomphing’ sound like a lion’s cough followed and the mini-rocket streaked out over the water. A moment later the large rock that sheltered Willard and Sadat went super-nova. The earth trembled. On the side hit by the Laws Rocket, two to three feet of ancient granite formed millennium ago vaporized in a heartbeat. What didn’t turn into gas was transformed to lava and dribbled down like candle wax. The great rock shuddered and cracked. The shock wave spread out, dragging dust, smoke and rock with it. Sadat, crouching at the base of the huge rock, was protected from most of it. Willard was not.
The farmer had been on his feet, leaning against a split in the rock when the rocket hit. Blinded by the blast, the shock wave had pushed the older man back like a leaf in the wind. Luckily the bows of a downed pine twenty feet away broke most of his fall. 
“Willard!” Sadat yelled. Still clutching the shotgun, he scrambled over to the still form. Acidic smoke from the dozen or so small fires filled his lungs and stung his eyes.
“Willard!”, Sadat repeated, cradling the older man’s bleeding head.
No response. 
“Willllarrrd!”, the little Turk screamed.
The farmer’s graying head rolled to one side, but his eyes remained closed.
Slowly Sadat looked around. Less than a hundred feet out into the lake the bow of the yacht was slowly coming into view. Cocking both hammers of Willard’s daddy’s old 12 gage, the mild little man stood up, a look of intense anger in his bright blue eyes.
“Bloody bastards! Bloody, stinking bastards!”
He raised the heavy gun and fired the first barrel. The stock kicked him like his grandmother’s donkey. He grunted and fired the second. Dropping the now empty gun, he grabbed Willard under the arms and pulled. One of the farmer’s boots had become caught in the root of a tree. Sadat yanked with all his might.
Willard groaned and opened his eyes. “Jesus Christ, Sadat! I aint a bloody wishbone!”
The little Turk sank down behind Willard, still clasping the old farmer to his breast. All about them smoke and fire raged.
“I --- I thought they had killed you!”, he said, trying in vain to hold back his tears.
“Not bloody likely!”, Willard grunted, painfully freeing his foot. His head still ringing and blinded in one eye by his own blood, he staggered to his feet. Sadat helped as best he could. Willard had the Turk retrieve both his weapons, then, using the shotgun like a crutch, both men hobbled away into the swirling smoke.
“You want me to drive?”, the smaller man asked.
“Hell no!”, the bigger laughed. “We might have an accident!”
***
Things were far from well on board the not so good ship Sadistic. In fact, all was bloody chaos! Sadat’s first shot had missed by a country mile. The second one, however, had been dead on. Loaded with # 7.5 birdshot, the tiny pellets from Willard’s granddaddy's old gun had raked the wheelhouse. Made years before the modern invention of Cylinder or Invector chokes, the 585 pellets per ounce, each one .08 inches in diameter, spread out in a vast inverted triangle to blanket the entire ship. The lion’s share of these tiny led balls however, had entered the wheelhouse. Stinging like red-hot hornets, they pierced cloth, skin and flesh.
Straw has hit seven times. Twice in the legs, thrice in the arms and the rest in the side of his head. One had even pierced his eardrum. To the day he died he would be deaf in one ear.
Pete was hit by thirteen of the little devils, all in the upper thigh and groin. It would be many days indeed till Peter Piper would be up to using his pecker.
One Arm, partially shielded by the wheel, was struck only twice on the chest, yet one of the stinging little balls did score a bulls-eye on his right nipple.
Standing in the centre of the shattered window, Rambo took over two dozen tiny hits. Starting at his left shoulder and ending at his right temple, his once handsome face looked like Queequeg, the tattooed harpooner in Melville’s ‘Moby Dick’. Small oil wells of blood sprouted from his chin, lips, cheeks and brow. Several led pellets tore off the lobe of his right ear, while several more put out his right eye.
One Arm, surveying both the physical and human wreckage about him, swung the large wheel around and slammed the throttles all the way forward. The purring lions beneath the deck roared to life and the once sleek yacht leapt forward, seeking the safety of open water. Over the sound of the motor, One Arm’s maniacal laughter could be heard. Mixed in with the laughter were curses, moans and a promise that set him on a collision course with his own dark destiny.
“I’ll be back, you fuckers! I’ll be back! And when I do you’ll curse your mothers for ever giving you birth! I’LL BE BACK --- I SWEAR IT!”
***

Chapter 27


Lake Champlain
New York August 10

Driving back across New Hampshire and Vermont, Josh and his people came across several small communities. At Concord they met people living as an enlarged family in a town-house complex. On a large farm outside the town of Lebanon they found a religious group living as Orthodox Jews. Passing through the Green Mountain National Forest, they stopped at the village of Brandon Gap where they came across a number of people who were already reverting back to the days of Daniel Boon --- complete with flintlock and muzzle loading weapons! In Middlebury, Vermont, they found people who had taken up residence in a shopping centre and refused to venture outside!
Josh brooded over the diversity they’d found. Each one of these groups were struggling to rebuild their lives as best they could, yet it seemed to him that each was taking on a flavor of its own. ‘What would these small communities look like in ten or twenty years? In fifty years? Would they hold to the democratic, North American view of society, or would each individual sect take on a way of life unique unto itself?’ 
Being a student of history, he was well aware of just how fast a society could slip backwards once central authority had been lost. It had happened in Egypt, Greece and Rome. Christ, the whole of Europe went down the tubes during the Dark Ages! His thesis, entitled ‘A World in Decline’, had searched for the real man behind the legendary King Arthur. What he had found was a 6th century war-lord struggling to hold back the inevitable. The all encompassing power that was Rome had vanished, leaving half-Celtic, half-Roman Britain to fend for itself. The ‘Arthur’ character had managed to hold it together for a short, glorious time, but with his passing, Celtic Britain had soon tore itself apart.
‘Was that about to happen here?’
All over the world, both figuratively and literally, the lights were going out. Darkness seemed to be creeping in from all sides. Brave little islands of light were struggling to shine forth, but like Arthur’s fabled Camelot, for how long? How long could good people like Maybelle Smith in Bangor, Granny and Buz in the Lighthouse commune, even Doc Gruber and the folks back at Mount Hawthorn, hold out against the growing dark? 
Then there were the wild, roaming bands. Again, just as it had happened before: barbaric Huns, Viking Sea-Wolves, looting Vandals. They’d come across several of theses ‘gangs’ on their way back from the coast. Homeless, rootless and sadly, in many cases, ‘soulless’ people, in search of something they themselves couldn’t describe. Some were just poor, lost, frightened survivors, banding together in 2’s and 3’s for moral as much as physical support. Harmless, haunted refugees of something they had no real desire to survive. 
‘Others, however, were not so harmless.’
These groups were what really bothered Josh. Though they came in all shapes and sizes, they resembled Snake’s group in many ways. Always run by a loudmouthed male, always armed to the teeth and always deadly. They’d had two run-ins with such groups on the way back to Crown Point.
***
The first had been just outside of Concord. Heading up I-89, they had passed through the small town of Davisville. Several motorcycles and a large four-by-four had been parked outside a hotel. Two men had been sitting outside a bar when they drove through. They’d taken one look at Flame on her Harley and started out after them. Luckily these young gallants hadn’t taken the time to inform their brethren of the manna that Heaven had just seemingly dropped into their laps.
Leaping on their bikes, they’d raced by the vans and caught up with the fiery red head a couple of miles out of town. Driving dangerously close, they’d hassled her for a mile or so. Josh, his Beretta in his hand, was about to try to force them off the road when Flame drew her large Smith & Wesson and blew out one of their front tires. The unlucky biker suddenly found himself face down in the ditch, his foul mouth filled with dirt and missing a few teeth. The second biker, finally realizing that ‘the date’ had suddenly turned sour, wisely decided to cut his losses and head back to the barn.
The second group had caused them considerable more trouble. Two days before they came across the Daniel Boon type bunch in Brandon Gap. They had stopped for an early morning swim/bath in a lake at the base of Round Mountain. The tow-truck had been running rough since leaving the Lighthouse commune, and Brad and Billy decided to try and fix it. Gus had talked Kenneth into a day of fishing in the mountain lake. Josh and the rest had left to conquer the 3400 foot summit of Round Mountain. Though not as high as New Hampshire’s Whites or the High Peaks in New York, The Round was said to be one of the prettiest of Vermont’s famous Long Trail.
The five spent the day climbing, swimming in the streams and enjoying the natural beauty. It was nearing dark by the time they got back down. Still a quarter of a mile from the trailhead, they saw Kenneth jogging up towards them. Og and Princess bounded ahead to meet the panting boy. 
“Four men...”, the boy gasped. “in a big camper...”
“Is anyone hurt?”, Josh demanded
Kenneth shook his head. Jessie gave him some water. “No, but Dad told me to get you,” he said after several swallows. “To warn you. They wanted to know if we had any, you know, women.” His flushed faced went a shade redder. At sixteen the ‘facts of life’, though still hazy, were still very much known.
Kenneth continued. “Dad told them we didn’t. That we were waiting for three more men. I don’t think they believed him.”
“There’s four of them?”, Josh asked. “Armed?”
Kenneth nodded.
“How long have they been there?
“Not long. We just started supper when they came”.
“How were they acting? Tough? Friendly?”
Kenneth shrugged. “Sort of both. The one that did most the talking smiled a lot, but I didn’t like it. He talked funny too. Dad got me aside and told me to pretend to go back fishing, then head up here and warn you. He said not to let Trina and Flame come into camp.”
Eddy moved up to stand beside Josh. “We could leave our packs here with the girls and run down. It’s only about a quarter mile.”
“Like hell!”, Flame put in. 
Eddy shook his head. 
“We’ll all jog down,” Josh said. “But nobody leaves the woods till we see what’s going on.”
***
Twenty minutes later they were on a rise of land overlooking the long, narrow lake. The trailhead was just below them. A large Winnebago was pulled up behind their vans. Though the sun was still up, someone had built a fire between Brad’s new red camper and the tow-truck. Six men were sitting around it; Brad, Bobby and Gus on one side, three strangers on the other. The fourth man was nowhere to be seen. Gus seemed to be casually whittling and Bobby was strumming his guitar.
“Looks like a bloody weenie roast,” Flame scoffed.
Trina peered down at the circle of men less than a hundred yards away. “If we had rifles, we could --- ”
“But we don’t,” Eddy said, his voice uncustomary harsh. “All we’ve got are handguns and that’s close up work.”
Flame grinned. “Then me and Josh will go. We’re the best shots. You three can cover us from the edge of the woods.”
Josh shook his head.
“Why not?”, Flame demanded. “I’m as good a shot as you! Even better!”
“And a whole lot sexier,” Josh added. “But Brad told those guys that we didn’t have any women with us. If they see a walking centerfold for Guns & Ammo come out of the woods they’ll know he lied. It could get a bit awkward.”
“Screw ‘awkward’!”, Flame responded. “I say we walk up and off the buggers!”
Josh frowned. Until now, Flame had never come right out and opposed him on anything. She’d grumbled a bit, but never shown open defiance. Until now.
“And what if they’re just four nice guys lonely for a little female companionship?”, Josh demanded. “Do we ‘off them’ first and ask them later? That might have been Snake’s way, but it’s not ours.”
He could see his last remark hurt her, but it had to be done. Flame was always too ready to use force to solve a problem. Force or sex. He couldn’t really blame her, but he didn’t have to like it.
She sulked for half a minute or so, then shrugged. “What the hell. They might just be four lost Boy-Scouts for all I know. But when you step out to meet them, Lover, remember to keep out of my line of fire.” She was grinning now, and gave him a saucy wink.
Josh shook his head, smiling in spite of himself. “I’ll bare that in mind.” He turned to Jessie. “You and Trina move off to the left. Quietly move up behind them but stay in the shadows. “Flame, Kenneth stays with you. And don’t come out unless I call.”
Flame gave him another knowing wink. “Anything you say, Lover.”
Over a week ago, Brad, an avid reader, had introduced her to James Axler’s ‘Death Lands’, a futuristic series of books about life in America a hundred years after a nuclear holocaust. ‘Pulp fiction at its best!’, Brad had described it. Flame, reluctant at first, had surprised herself by gobbling up the first volume and searching every book store she came across for the rest of the series. Brad told Josh privately that he believed Flame ‘had the hots’ for the novel’s main character, Ryan Cawdor, a gun-toting, knife-fighting, one-eyed anti-hero. The fact that Flame herself bore a striking resemblance to Ryan’s love interest, the tough/gentle heroine, Christy Roth, Brad believed to have a lot to do with Flame’s sudden literary obsession.
Christy often called Ryan, ‘Lover’.
“But Uncle Brad told them he was waiting for three men,” Jessie said. “Shouldn’t I ---”
“No you shouldn’t!” Josh growled. “When just Eddie and I walk into camp, they’ll think the third one is somewhere close by covering our back, which is exactly what you’ll be doing.”
Jessie looked like he was about to say something, but changed his mind. Instead he nodded, hefted his bow and faded off into the trees. Trina followed. Flame and Kenneth moved off in the other direction. Eddy and Josh checked their handguns and began down the trail. 
When they heard the shot, they began to run
***
“So Sport, where are these ‘hikers’ o’ yours? Been a long time gone, aint they?” 
Besides the thick country drawl, William ‘Tex’ Roundtree’s voice had a high, nasal twang to it that grated on the nerves. His words, like his movements, were slow and deliberate. Dressed in a filthy pair of jeans, hand-tooled cowboy boots and an expensive but gaudy leather jacket, he looked like something out of a third-rate spaghetti western. A once white Stetson and two pearl-handled six-guns slung low on his hips completed the image. From a distance he looked comical, like an actor that had been rushed through make-up; yet one look at the cold, hard gleam in his eyes made you swiftly change your mind. William ‘Tex’ Roundtree burned with the inner fire of madness.
“I said, Sport, these three mountain men o’ yours been a long time gone. Maybe they aint comin’ back?” He leaned towards Brad, leering across the fire. “Maybe they never were.”
“They’ll be here,” Brad said, trying to sound casual. He went back to frying the bacon.
Tex grinned at his two other companions. The one called Skull was nervous looking youth with a shaved head and a long skull-shaped earring dangling from his left lobe. The firelight caught the red glass embedded in the tiny skull’s eyes as he listened to Bobby’s guitar.
Next to Skull was Fats. As his namesake implied, Fats was a rather large individual. Just under six feet tall and close to half as wide, this portly gentleman weighed in at well over three hundred pounds --- and every ounce was pure, down-home, back-woods mean. The result of a rather sordid but fruitful liaison between an alcoholic, sadistic father and a retarded sister, Fats had inherited the worst of both his illustrious parents. A psychopath that was too dumb to know it and too damn mean to care.
“Hear that, Fats?”, Tex chortled. “Sport here says his three big buddies are on their way.”
Fats seemed not to hear. Instead, he sat staring into the fire’s dancing flames. The look on his face was one of complete rapture. Fats dearly loved fire. Fire was the main reason he’d been doing three to five in Houston's version of Sing-Sing. The only thing Fats loved better than watching a fire was starting one.
Tex, himself a longtime member of the Houston Penal System, had been doing a ten to fifteen stretch for armed robbery in the same establishment as Skull and Fats. One fine summer morning nearly six weeks ago he had awoke to find the remains of a guard laying just outside his cell. At least, there was a guard’s uniform laying there with grayish shit pouring out. Tex’s hard eyes, however, had been drawn to the set of keys clipped to the dead guard’s belt. Half an hour later, Tex, Snake and Fats were racing down Freedom’s road in the Warden Francis J. Palmer’s own car. Under the circumstances, Tex didn’t think Francis J. would mind.
Unsure of just what had happened, the gruesome threesome had headed for Dallas. What they found was a dead city. Here and there they came across the odd survivor, but on the whole, they drove through a land almost totally devoid of human life. Tex liked it that way. He hadn’t the slightest idea what had caused the catastrophe and he didn’t give a shit. Mrs. Roundtree, though herself a hooker hooked on Cocaine, hadn’t raised no idiot, and William ‘Tex’ Roundtree knew a good thing when he saw it.
From Dallas the ‘Texas Rangers’ had started on their own mad, cross-country tour; looting, raping and killing as they went. They worked their merry way through Memphis and Nashville, north through Louisville and Columbus, reaching the coast at Atlantic City and then up to New York. Through all this chaos, Tex had held true to his own personal dream --- to take a big Texas bite out of the Big Apple.
Though the chemical plague, created by Estelle Doherty and loosed upon an unsuspecting world by Sergeant Richard Henderson, had wiped out 80 to 90% of the global population, the megalopolis that was New York City and the area around it had contained over eighteen million souls. That remaining 10 to 20% made for one hell of a lot of frightened, shell-shocked survivors.
New York City had been a mega-downer. Already going to seed before The Big Death happened, by the time Tex and his bosom buddies arrived six weeks later, the Big Apple had rotted all the way to the core. Mobs of crazed, armed people ran through the streets. Fires raged out of control. Bodies hung from streetlights. Packs of wild dogs fought with packs of wild humans for food. And the rats were everywhere.
A country boy at heart, Tex decided to head for the hills. Instead of making tracks for home, however, Tex shifted his gaze further northward. Back in Houston pen there’d been a good ol’ boy by the name of Jean-Paul Boulregard. Half Cajun, half French-Canadian, and totally insane, Jean-Paul would wax almost lyrical about the warm, wet merits of French pussy. Tex had decided to mosey on up to Montreal and see for himself.
Hence, this little side-trip through the Green Mountains of Vermont.
The fourth member of this merry band was named Cobb. Dressed in a black SWAT team outfit, complete with padded Kevlar vest and laser sighted automatic rifle, Cobb had joined them only that morning. Tall, lean and silent, they had picked him up just outside of Brandon. All Tex could get out of him was that he had been on his way east when his motorcycle died and he needed a lift till he could get another one. 
At first, Tex had thought Cobb would make a nice addition to the ‘Rangers’. But that soon changed. The sullen bastard rode in the back of the Winnebago with the laser-scoped automatic across his knees. Cobb had made it clear to Tex that as soon as he found his own set of wheels, he was history. That suited Tex just fine. He didn’t much like the silent shit anyway. He wouldn’t mind having his rifle though, and secretly planned to off Cobb at the first opportunity. So far however Cobb hadn’t given him one. He had disappeared into the forest as soon as they stopped at Josh’s camp.
‘Good riddance!’ Tex had told himself --- then another thought emerged --- a much less pleasant one. ‘Christ!’, he’d suddenly thought. ‘He could be out there somewhere sighting down on us right now!’ Glancing around at the lengthening shadows, Tex knew that either of the two vans would suit Cobb just fine. ‘Hell, even the tow-truck would do!’ Though far from being a mental giant, Tex was smart enough to know that, things being the way they were, a few more good ol’ boys on his side might come in handy. Lately, Tex had been in a recruiting frame of mind. He now turned again to the three strangers sitting across from him, his cold eyes sizing them up.
The one playing the guitar was just a long haired kid. Probably a fag. Still, Tex considered himself an ‘equal opportunity employer’, and seeing as how he’d known a few fags back in the slammer who were also stone cold killers, he was willing to give the kid a try. 
‘Sport’ he wasn’t too sure of. He had nervous eyes that kept glancing at the forest. That alone made Tex believe his story about waiting for others to arrive. Whether it was ‘three big, brave mountain men’ or something a little more feminine, Tex wasn’t so sure. Sport looked a might too wholesome as well, what with the young boy and all. Still, like his Ma used to say when the migrant workers came looking for a good time; ‘All cocks are grey in the dark.’
As for the old man, bringing him along was out of the question. Tex needed men who could carry their own weight, not an old fool who just sat there smiling like an idiot and whittling on a piece of wood. 
Tex leaned towards Brad again, his large yellow teeth seemed to dance above the flames. “You sure you aint interested in coming up north? I got it first hand there’s some grade-A pussy-pie waiting on us. Frenchies up Montreal way!”
Brad continued turning the fish in the pan. “Afraid not. We’re heading south.”
“And what if I say you aint?”, Tex asked, his voice low and dangerous. “What if I say you boys are coming north with me?”
Brad looked back into those cold eyes. “Then we’d have a big problem.”
This caught Tex by surprise. Sport had more sand in him than he had thought! The firelight reflected off Tex’s crooked teeth as he stood up. “Maybe. But I’ve got the answer right here!” As he spoke he drew one of his pearl handled Colt .45’s. To Brad the barrel looked like the mouth of a cannon. He thought of reaching for his own gun, but knew he’d be dead before his hand touched the grip.
“Fats! Skull!”, Tex barked. “Take them!”
***
No sooner were these words out of Tex’s mouth than the front of his head exploded. Blood, brains and shards of bone spattered over Brad. The body stood there for a moment, then sagged and fell across the fire. Fats, his brain slow to take in this sudden change of events, sat blinking as Tex began to smolder. Skull, however, was a lot faster. Leaping to his feet, he began yanking out a .38 he had thrust in his belt. The revolver was halfway out when Bobby brought his guitar around in a vicious arc. The heavy twelve-string shattered, as did the back of Skull’s head. Reflex took over and the .38 went off. The slug buried itself in the layers of flesh encasing Fats’ right thigh. As the pain slowly registered, Fats looked up just as Gus leaped towards him. The old man stepped on Tex’s back, bent and drove the sharpened state he’d been whittling deep into Fats’ right eye. The body sat quivering like a mountain of Jello, then toppled sideways. Both the piggish face and the wooden stake caught in the rays of the setting sun. Stepping up, Gus used his heel of his worn workboot to drive the stake home. Fats shuddered twice more, then lay still forever.
In less than a dozen heartbeats three men had died. Brad, his face and chest dripping gore, vomited on the tangled bodies. Looking up, he saw a fourth man silently approaching. Clad all in black, he carried a rifle fitted with a laser scope.
“Hello the camp!”, Josh called, stepping out of the trees and walking towards the fire. The shadows long now, the sun almost gone. Eddy was several feet to Josh’s left, his stubby Colt Cobra gripped tightly in his right hand. 
 “Brad?”, Josh called out as he quickly approached. Is everyone alright?!”
“We’re all okay, Josh,” Gus yelled back. “Come on in.”
Og bounded up to the fire, eager to be reunited with his family. Princess, older and wiser, stayed by Josh.
In the near dark, the light from the fire and the Coleman lamp showed Josh a grizzly sight. Three bodies lay on the ground. One of them  was smoldering in the fire  Who fired that shot?”
Brad, Bobby and Gus all looked surprise. “It wasn’t us, Mr. Williams.” Bobby replied. “We all thought it was one of you!”
“No,” Josh said. “But we came running when we heard it.”
“Then who shot this asshole?” Gus asked, nudging Tex’s burning body as it lay half in the fire.
“I did,” said a voice from the darkness.” Then a dressed all in black man slowly emerged out of the forest from the far side of the fire. His hands were empty and he had a rifle slung over his shoulder.
“Weren’t you with these assholes?!” Gus demanded.
The man shook his head. “I hitched a ride with them earlier today. Once I saw what they were like I decided to slip away soon as they stopped.”
“But you didn’t keep going,” Josh said. “Why?”
The man in black shrugged and nodded at Tex’s burning body. “Their leader made it pretty clear what they planned to do with you lot. I decided to stay and lend you a hand.”
Josh held the man’s gaze for several heartbeats, then extended his hand. “I’m Josh Williams. And you are?”
“Cobb,” the stranger said, offering his hand. Josh found the grip firm and steady.
“It looks like he saved our lives, Mr. Williams,” Bobby put in. “The leader of these three drew on Brad and it looked like he was gunna kill him! But Mr. Cobb here shot Tex first. Head shot from way back there!” Bobby nodded towards the shadowy pines well over fifty yards away, then tuned back and shrugged. “Then I wacked the kid with my guitar and Gus took out the fat guy.”
Eddy, who’d already pulled Tex out of the flames, checked the other two bodies. When he saw what had happened to the fat man Eddy turned to Gus. “Christ, old timer, remind me not to get on your bad side!”
They all saw the stake still sticking out of Fat’s right eye. Og was now nosing around the bodies. Josh called him back, then looked over at Cobb.
“You were riding with them?”
“I hitched a ride with them late this morning.”
“And before that?”


Cobb shrugged. “Just moving around. I had some family up in Burlington, but --- ” His voice trailed off, his gaze going to something over Josh’s shoulder. Turning, Josh saw Kenneth and Flame moving towards them. Kenneth went to stand beside his father. Flame stopped beside Josh, her green eyes taking in the dark stranger. She looked at the three bodies, then back to Cobb. “And who do we have here?”
Bobby jumped in again with all the gory details. Half way through, Trina and Jessie joined them and Bobby gladly started from the beginning. Gus tossed the burnt fish away, pan and all, and began heating several cans of stew. Trina put on water for coffee. While the food was getting ready, the men dragged the bodies off into the forest. Cobb helped. Fats took a fair amount of work. When they got back, Flame had poured them all a stiff drink.
“Staying for dinner, stranger?”, Flame purred, handing Cobb a cup of straight vodka. Her green eyes reflected back the fire’s dancing flames.
Cobb turned to Josh. “That depends, miss.”
“On what?”, she asked.
Cobb continued to look at Josh. “On what the boss here says.”
Once again Josh held the man’s steady gaze. “You’re welcome to stay the night. Just don’t wander around in the dark. The dogs get nervous.”
Og chose that moment to lick the man’s hand. Cobb smiled for the first time. “Thanks for the warning.”
***

Chapter 28



Lake Champlain
New York State, August 13

Cobb joined them on the trip back to Mount Hawthorn. There was no formal invitation, no meeting, no vote. Cobb just seemed to ‘fit in’, much the way a long lost pair of old slippers feel when found.
One reason was that Cobb was so self-sufficient. When the world suddenly changed, he’d been working on the Denver SWAT team. Before that he’d been in the Special Forces. Knowledgeable in all forms of survival, he could vanish into the woods and return an hour later with fresh caught trout, partridge or rabbits. He could cook all the food he brought in, understood motors and, something that thrilled the two women to no end, even fixed the shower in Tex’s Winnebago.
Another reason was that he was an expert with weapons --- all kinds of weapons. Handguns, rifles, knives, even a bow. He knew each gun they had and the various loads and types of cartridges they could use. He could field-strip and clean them all in a matter of moments. He was also the best shot among them.
One other quality he had as well. He was a good listener. Each of the various members found themselves sharing with him their deepest fears. Through it all he would nod and listen quietly, ending with a reassuring word or two that seemed to make their fears vanish in the air.
By the time they reached New York State, Cobb was an accepted member of the Family.
They crossed the Chimney Point Bridge just before noon on the thirteenth of August. An hour later they drove through Crown Point, then on another two miles to the little town of Mount Hawthorn. Passing the sign they’d painted on the food store, they pulled into Doc Gruber’s a little before two.
The place was empty.
“Where can they be?”, Jessie asked, his voice high with worry.
Josh scratched his freshly grown beard. “Doc mentioned they might move up to Willard Spinner’s farm. Maybe even into one of the big houses in The Park. Let’s try there.”
Ten minutes later they pulled into Willard’s long drive. Green stocks of corn waved in the afternoon breeze. Cows grazed in the field and four horses trotted around inside a newly constructed corral. Willard’s old pick-up was parked outside the rambling farmhouse, but no-one seemed home.
“The Shire?”, Jessie asked.
His father nodded and climbed back inside the Westfalia. The other three trucks followed Josh up into the park.
***
Mount Hawthorn’s Wildlife Park was a sprawling mixture of rolling forest and lakes, crisscrossed with streams and a small river. Back in the sixties, the State of New York had bought it from the Catholic Church. There still was a monastery on the north side, and the good Brothers, (now long gone), had been heavily into farming and orchards. The land between two of the three large lakes was owned by rich families. Old money. The Shire, Josh called it. He thought that Tolkien would have agreed. Stone fences lined the road. A rushing stream, complete with waterfall and mill, joined two of the four lakes. The mill, still functioning, hearkened back to the Colonial Days. A century earlier the Brothers had ground their wheat there. Now it was a working curiosity for hikers and cross-country skiers.
The rest of the park was virtually virgin forest, a rugged offshoot of the majestic Adirondacks. Rabbits, raccoons, muskrat, and deer made their homes there. Countless birds as well. In the fall the lakes were black with Canadian Geese stopping over for a little R & R on their way south. Josh had loved it from the first time he had seen it. To Jessie, it was his own personal playground while growing up.
Driving up the Park Road, they came to the gate house. Built of stone with a steeply pitched roof, fireplace and dormer windows, the little cottage looked like something out of ‘Snow White & the Seven Dwarves’. Jessie had simply dubbed it Merlin’s House, after the famed wizard of old.



Three strangers were stringing wire from the fence to the wrought-iron gate when they arrived. Everyone reached for their weapons. As usual, Cobb was the fastest. He was out the side door of Josh’s van before it had stopped.
“Hold it right there!”, he barked, a Glock automatic having materialized in his hand. Both men froze. The young woman with them did not. She continued to reach for the rifle leaning against the stone wall. As her fingers touched the stock, a 9mm slug slammed into the wood, spinning the weapon away. The woman pulled her hand back with a shriek.
“I warned you.” Cobb said quietly..
The other two gathered around her. Josh looked the three up and down.
“What are you doing here?”
The grey haired man jerked a thumb back at the gate. “Stringing up an alarm to the Big House. Who wants to know?”
“My name is Williams.”
All three strangers gasped. The woman spoke first.
“Are you Josh Williams? The one Doc goes on about?”
Josh frowned. “You know Doc?”
“’Know’ him?”, the graying, potbellied man said. “Hell, we live with him! 
The other man, somewhere in his thirties, sandy-haired and dressed only in shorts, stepped forward and offered his hand. Cobb’s gun followed him, but Josh waved him off.
“I’m Tom Leeson. This is Fred Perkins and the young lady is Betty Sinclair. We all live with Doc and the others up at the Big House.”
“How many others?”, Josh asked.
“Near a dozen,” Tom smiled. “Then there’s Willard and Sadat. They stay at Willard’s farm.”
Eddy grinned. “Doc’s been a busy bee since we’ve been away.”
The woman stepped forward, “Doc’s told us all about you. You really been all the way to New Hampshire?” Short and feisty, Betty Sinclair’s tone was still hostile.
“All the way to the Main coast, little lady,” Gus put in. “Picking up strays as they go.”
Betty eyed Cobb. “Some of them seem a bit too ready to bite.”
Cobb bowed theatrically. When he straightened up, his hands were empty.
***
After the noisy reunion and the meal that followed, Doc Gruber led Josh out to the flagstone patio overlooking the lake. The night was clear and bright, and while the moon had yet to rise, the sky was studded with stars. A loon called from far out over the still waters.
“Good to have you back, Josh. Glad you found your family too. Have much trouble?”
“We had our share. Things have gotten pretty rough out there.”
Doc nodded, his knowing eyes speaking volumes.
Both men sat in silence for some time, then Doc spoke. “You heard about our trouble with that bunch that came up to the house?”
“Tom and that tall fella told me.”
“Jim Shell,” Doc said. “Jim and Marcy joined us soon after you left.”
Josh nodded.
“What about the Willard and Sadat’s run-in with the white Yaught?”
Josh frowned. “I heard that one several times already. Sounds like they were damned lucky! Why? You think the boat will be back?”
Doc attempted to blow a smoke-ring. “Maybe. Maybe not. But if not them, then others like them.” The old man flicked ash from his cigar. 
“That the reason for the alarm system at the gate?” Josh asked.
Doc nodded, then suddenly leaned forward, his gaze intense. “Maybe it’s just an old man’s fancies running away with him, but I got a bad feeling crawling up my spine. At first I thought that we’d all be able to start afresh. Build something better than before. Learn from the past. But now I’m not so sure.”
Josh sighed. “There are good people out there, Doc. You’ve heard about them at dinner. There’s bound to be plenty more.”
“And there’s bound to be a hell of a lot worse too!” Doc’s voice had lost its accustomed softness.
From inside the sounds of laughter could be heard. Bobby was working his way through a John Denver tune and several voices were letting a ‘country road take them home’.
Josh and Doc sat in silence, each one lost in his own dark thoughts. From far off in the darkness came again the plaintive cry of a loon. Suddenly it became the loneliest sound either man had ever heard.
***

Chapter 29



Mount Hawthorn
The Adirondacks
New York State, Mid August 

Things at the Big House had continued to run fairly smoothly. Several more people had turned up and Doc had set them up in one of the other large houses located around the central lake. Teams were bringing up cases of canned goods and other food from Hawthorn and Crown Point. Willard had a crew harvesting the corn he’d planted. After that they intended to move on to the wheat. The Shire’s park land made excellent grazing for the cows and sheep Willard and the little Turk, Sadat, had rounded up. One of the newcomers, Giuseppe Coleroni, was a butcher from upstate. Bobby and Cobb were busy hooking up heavy-duty gasoline generators to large freezers for the freshly killed meat Giuseppe was more than willing to produce. Another newcomer, Gustoph Muller, had worked as a child in his grandfather’s grist-mill. The gruff German was pleased to revive his ancient trade. Soon Willard had a ready market for his wheat and corn. The barns were being repaired, cleaned and stocked. Another team was busy cutting firewood for the winter.
After a month on the road, Josh soon found all the hustle and bustle a little confining and when Flame asked him about the High Peaks Region, he had offered to take her on a guided tour. Flame, still burning with a newly awakened desire to tread the high country, had eagerly taken him up on his invitation.
When Eddy heard of the intended expedition, he had shyly asked if Josh minded if he and Trina could tag along. The two of them had been spending quite a bit of time together, and the whole Family now considered them a ‘couple’.
When informed about the trip, Jessie had mysteriously decided to stay behind. Doc took Josh aside and hinted that the reason might be Mai-Ling, Mrs. Wong’s mute granddaughter.



Surprised and feeling suddenly old, Josh had frowned, then reluctantly agreed to leave the boy behind. After all, he reasoned, Jessie was now seventeen. Hormones would win out, regardless of what over-protective fathers thought about it. Brad was busy organizing the daily operations of the Big House and Bobby had suddenly become fascinated with seventeen year old Gloria Ambrose. Since neither Jessie nor his father was going, Kenneth stayed behind as well.
***
The two ‘couples’ set out early on the morning of August 17th. They took Josh’s old camper, the dog Princess, and headed up to the Adirondack Park. By noon they were in the little town of Keene, where they stopped at a self-serve. It was while siphoning gas from the station’s underground tanks that the two bikers went by.
The bikes, both big Harley’s, roared through the town, vanished round a bend, then came back slowly and stopped at the station’s entrance. The larger of the two seemed to be speaking into a microphone.



Flame, standing beside the van, looked over quickly at Josh. “Stay loose, Lover. I know how to handle guys like this.” She then wa;led several paces out in front of the van.
Josh, watching the two men approach, hoped she was right. He unsnapped the strap over his Beretta just to be sure. Eddy and Trina came out of the station. Seeing the two bikers, Eddy put the bag he’d been carrying down and walked towards Josh.
“Friends?”
Josh frowned. “We’ll soon see. Go to the van and wait for my signal.” 
“It’s ‘I don’t give a shit’, right?”
“You got it, Cuz.”
Eddy smiled, walked to the rear of the van and opened the door and slipped a pump shotgun out of its case. Trina had put her bag in the van and came out with Earl’s old rifle cradled in her arm. Princess growled quietly beside her.
“Hey there, sister! What’s happening?!” The first biker, bald, overweight with a long, thick beard, directed his question to Flame. The second one --- younger, thinner, sported a full beard, dark glasses and a red headband, sat silently drinking in Flame’s beauty.
Josh inwardly cursed that he hadn’t insisted she wear something a little less revealing. The cut-off jeans and white tank-top she had squeezed into left very little to the imagination.
“Not much, Curly,” Flame casually remarked. “Things have been a bit slow of late.”
The fat man seemed to find her sarcastic wit amazing. “’A bit slow of late’!”, he cackled. “That’s rich! Hear that, Pick? ‘A bit slow of late’!” His deep laughter made his belly shake. Pick’s cold eyes stayed glued to the white tank-top.
The fat man’s gaze shifted to take in the others. They widened slightly when he saw both Eddy and Trina with long guns.
“This here’s Toothpick,” the balding biker smiled, jerking a gloved thumb in the younger man’s direction. ‘Pick’ for short. Me, I’m called Gut.” He slapped his ample stomach. “Easy to see why. I like ‘Curly’ better, but you can call me anything ‘cept late for dinner.”
Another burst of laughter shook him. Pick continued to stare at Flame’s chest.
Still looking at Gut, she nodded towards Pick. “You better tell your friend to close his mouth, the drool’s going to rust up his carb.”
Gut frowned for a moment as her sarcasm sank in, then his piggish eyes brightened and another belch of laughter erupted. Slapping his meaty thigh, he weased. “’The drool’s gunna rust his carb!’ Soften his hard-on more likely! You’re okay, sister.” There followed a slight pause and suddenly Gut was all business. “Who’s your friends, sister?”
Flame swayed back the few steps to Josh and leaned suggestively against him. “This is my old man, Josh. That’s Fast Eddy back there. The one holdin’ the cannon is Trina, his old lady. I’m called Flame.” Her smile was dazzling.
Gut nodded. “I just bet you are.” He glanced at Pick, who nodded slightly. “We ride with a dude called Sloan,” Gut continued. “Over a dozen of us now. More joining up all the time. You interested?”
Flame turned to Josh, winked, then turned back. “Maybe. Where’s your base?”
“Up the road a piece. Nice little town called Lake Placid. It’s got boats and shit out behind the stores. Sloan even got the movie house working. What say you come along and have a look-see? Pick and me’ll be your escort.”
Flame moved seductively against Josh. Her smile was still dazzling. “Maybe later. Right now we’re on a kind of honeymoon.”
Pick started to laugh, until Gut cut him off. “True love, eh? Well, that’s fine by me, but the problem is that Sloan aint gunna like it none. He told us to bring in anyone we see --- especially females.”
“So,” Flame beamed. “Don’t tell him.”
Gut’s piggish eyes widened and something close to fear shown forth. “Sister, you don’t know Sloan. We aint the only scouts he’s got out.” He patted the portable walkie-talkie in a leather case taped to his handlebars. “Besides, I already called it in. Sloan himself is on his way here right now.”
Hearing that, Josh decided to end ‘the dance’ there and then. “Do what you think best, friend. I don’t really give a shit. As for us, we’re going our own way.”
Pick stiffened, his gazed shifting from Flame to Josh for the first time. Gut leaned forward, his easy smile transforming into a sneer.
“What have we got here, Pick? A Hard Ass? Sloan just loves Hard Asses.”
Josh countered with a cold smile of his own. “Like I said, friend, I really don’t give a shit. Your man Sloan isn’t here --- but my man Eddy is.”
On cue, Eddy walked quickly forward, the shotgun pointing directly at the bikers. At the same time Trina swung up her rifle and pointed it at Gut’s ample namesake.
“What is this shit?!”, Gut demanded, his piggish eyes narrowing. Gone now was the jovial ‘Santa act’.
Josh walked forward, casually drawing his Beretta. “Call it life insurance. Now, step off the bike, fat man.”
Before Gut had swung his meaty thigh over the seat, Josh fired point-blank into the walkie-talkie .
“Christ, man!”, Gut exclaimed, half falling off the big Harley. “You nearly took my bloody leg off!”
Josh moved up behind Gut, shoved the barrel of the Beretta into his right ear and smiled. “Right now I’d worry more about my brains if I were you.”
Suddenly the heart-stopping roar of Eddy’s shotgun split the silence and Pick flopped backwards off his bike. Half his shoulder and most of his face was blown away. The chopper followed, landing on the body. Pick’s hand still clutched the pistol he had drawn. Eddy walked forward. His face pale, eyes wide, he pumped the shotgun and pointed it at Guts.
Sweating now, the sardonic twinkle was long gone from the big biker’s piggish eyes. “What do you want, man?”
Josh shrugged. “World peace. An end to hunger. But right now, though, I want you to haul your fat ass out of here!”
Gut glanced over at Pick’s body, then nodded. As he moved towards his bike, the Beretta once again found his ear. 
“The bike stays here. You can walk back to your friends”. With his free hand Josh relieved Gut of the automatic he had thrust in his belt. “This stays as well. Now move.”
Gut seemed about to reply, but wisely realized that now was not the time for a snappy retort. He settled for, ‘Later, man!’, then left at a belly bouncing trot.
Josh watched him till he was around the bend, then turned to the others. Trina was beside Eddy, who had developed a bad case of the shakes.
“He was going for his gun, Josh. I had to...”
“You did the right thing, Eddy.”
“Ya, sure.” Eddy looked down at the powerful weapon. “But I blew his face off!”
Josh moved over to his friend. “You had no choice. It was them or us. And it still is, so let’s get the Hell out of here.”
They took the 73 south out of Keene, away from Lake Placid, where Gut had said this Sloan character had his base. The fact that Sloan himself was supposedly ‘on his way’ played on all their minds. What bothered Josh, however, was the mention of other scouts. They could be anywhere.
***
Six miles south of Keene, they passed through the sister town of Keene Valley. On the outskirts of the tiny hamlet a tractor trailer had jackknifed, its serpentine bulk all but blocking the road. While slowly making their way around the overturned truck, they saw two more bikers heading straight for them.
“Shit!”, Josh swore, slamming on the breaks and shoving the van into reverse, quickly turning around. As the camper picked up speed, racing back the way it had come, the bikers swerved around the wrecked truck. The roar of their bikes reached them over the steady chugging of the Volkswagen's much smaller motor.
“They’re gaining, Lover. Want me to slow them down a bit?” Flame was already leaning out the passenger window.
“A couple of rounds over their heads,” Josh replied.
Flame smiled and emptied her Smith & Wesson directly at the trailing bikers. Of the six shots, three missed, one shattered a headlight and two drew blood, though nothing too serious. The bikers swiftly dropped back. Flame popped back inside, beaming. “That should hold them!”
“They’re still following, but at a distance,” Trina soon added, clutching her old rifle. Eddy was reloading the shotgun. Princess lay on the floor, clearly disturbed by both the shots and the mood of her human masters.
“Once back in Keene,” Josh said, “we can take 9N east back to the Interstate.”
“If this Sloan guy isn’t already there waiting for us,” Trina put in. 
No one had any response to that.
Sloan wasn’t waiting for him at the gas station, but two of his men were. A green 4 by 4 was parked across the 9N exit, blocking it completely. A bearded man holding a rifle in one hand and a walkie-talkie in the other stood beside the truck. Another man was bending over Pick’s body. Both started shooting as soon as they saw the van. Bullets wined and pinged into the camper. The side right window shattered, spraying the inside with glass. Eddy, a jagged cut on his cheek, shoved the shotgun out the hole and fired both barrels. The man in the gas station went down. On the right, Flame once again emptied her heavy revolver at the man by the 4 by 4. The front windshield exploded and the man dove behind the truck. Seconds later they were past, now having no choice but to continue westward towards Lake Placid --- the one place they did not want to go.
***

Chapter 30



The Adirondacks
New York August 17

Sloan thumbed the walkie-talkie  again, got another blast of static, then tossed the thing at the Pathfinder’s dash. He hadn’t heard from Gut or Pick since they’d first spotted the white van and now he couldn’t raise any of his other two teams.
“It’s these fucking mountains!”, Sloan growled. “Screws up the goddamned signal!”
Tiny the only other survivor besides Sloan of that seemingly long ago drug buy in Toronto, clenched both the wheel and his jaw and kept on driving. He’d learned the hard way that Sloan was like a junkyard dog, and when he got pissed off, it certainly didn’t pay to yank his chain.
Sloan looked over at Tiny. The big Chink was hunched over the wheel like a Sumo wrestler with a bad case of piles. Sloan’s angry gaze swept forward to his point man, Hicks, then out the rear window to the two trucks and three bikes following behind. ‘At least something was going right!’
Tiny dropped the Pathfinder into a lower gear. As the road steepened, they passed the twin towers of two concrete ski jumps. Sloan was totally unaware that the sleepy little town of Lake Placid had once been the sight of the World Winter Olympics. Even if he had known, he wouldn’t have given a shit. Right now, Sloan had more pressing matters to deal with; like ‘who the Hell were these strangers in a white van and where the fuck were his scouts?!’
Since waking up in Toronto almost two months ago, Sloan had been trying his damnedest to stay alive. Not an easy task in a world suddenly gone batshit crazy. Of the two groups at the drug buy, only Tiny and himself had been alive to greet the dawn --- and they had been on opposite sides.
Sloan had been there as the Brotherhood’s enforcer, head man for the New York Chapter. Tiny had been No-Lip Sing’s personal body guard. After the deal went down, No-Lip had invited them to a party. Broads, booze and blow. All you could take for as long as you could take it. And Sloan could take a lot.
In the morning only he and Tiny were alive. They’d eyed each other suspiciously, taken a good look around, seen the shriveled bodies lying helter-skelter about the penthouse, and got the Hell out fast. 
They’d been together ever since. 
They’d stayed in Toronto for a few days, but the place had turned into a madhouse. Bags of grey ash that had once been people littered the street. A storm off Lake Ontario had scattered the ash, turning the air into thick soup that clogged the lungs. One in a hundred might have survived whatever the fuck it was that had happened. By the end of a week, Sloan thought that number had changed to one or two in a thousand. Those that had outlived the Sudden Death, were quickly killing each other!
Sloan and Tiny had decided to get out. Weapons and wheels were there for the taking, along with anything else they wanted. Picking up all the young, healthy survivors they found, Sloan’s little group had grown rapidly. Of course, he’d left behind far more that he took with him. Oldies and Crazies he had no use for, and there was a shitload of those! He’d already had leave a few of the younger ones that he did bring along. 
‘Bleeding fucking hearts every one of the pussies!’
Traveling itself had also proved to be a problem. The main highways from Toronto to New York were hopelessly blocked, forcing them to take lesser used back roads. One detour had led them through the Adirondacks. Both Sloan and Tiny were city-boys. The only trees they’d ever seen were pathetic, half-dead things anchored in cement. The concept of wilderness for Sloan was Central Park. The towering High Peaks Region left him feeling small and lost, emotions he covered up by acting meaner than usual, which for Sloan was plenty mean. When they’d reached the relatively large town of Lake Placid, Sloan, feeling like a depraved Moses coming out of the wastelands, had called a halt.
They’d been in Lake Placid now for almost two weeks. Though he himself rarely ventured out of town --- those damned mountains again! --- he sent his scouts out regularly. ‘People Hunting’ he called it, though everyone knew it was really ‘Pussy Hunting’. 
Besides drugs, booze and bullets, females were worth their weight in gold. Twice that if they were young, and the fucking sky was the limit if they were both young and good looking! Sloan had been one of the first to appreciate the potential of a ‘female slave trade’. Given enough long, lonely nights, most men would sell their souls for a piece of ass. He even coined a slogan to go along with his new business venture: ‘He who controls the pussy, has true power!’
When Gut had mentioned seeing two healthy, young good looking females in a white van just several miles down the road, Sloan had decided to investigate himself. Flanked by eight of his most trusted followers, he was now on his way to ‘sample the wares’.
But now that asshole Gut didn’t answer his calls. The fat fuck had mentioned the name of the shit-horse town, but was it Keene or Keene Valley? The torn road-map he had showed a number of them! It was beyond Sloan how these shit-for-brain yokels couldn’t even come up with a new name for each town! East Keen. South Keene. West Keene. Saint Keene of the Rotted Twawt! Which fucking one WAS it?!
Suddenly the walkie-talkie belched out static. Scrambling for the mike, Sloan heard a distant voice shouting through the white noise.
“... see them! ...Pick’s down... shit!”
Gunfire crackled. More static. Sloan swore.
“... bastard’s got... dead! ... your way!”
Sloan screamed into the mike, but a dip in the road brought only more ear-piercing static. He switched channels and told Hicks up ahead on point to move his ass. The leading bike leaned into the corners and picked up speed. 
Sloan growled at Tiny to do the same.
Seven minutes later Tiny grunted and pointed up ahead. They’d just come through another stomach-heaving curve and onto a relatively flat, open stretch. Mountains rose up all around them like angry giants. Hicks dropped back beside them, a sly grin on his sallow face.
Half a mile ahead a white van was coming straight for them.
***
“Trouble ahead, Lover!”
Josh had already seen them. Two, no, three trucks and a bike out front. All coming fast! Beside him Flame clutched her handgun like a rosary. From behind he heard Eddy swear, Princess growl and Trina working the bolt on Earl’s old rifle.
Frantically, Josh looked for the side-road he knew was just up ahead. He’d taken the bloody thing a dozen times in the past, so where the Hell was it?!
The distance had shrunk to less than a quarter of a mile when he spotted it. Leading off the #73, a crumbling blacktop followed a winding river up into the mountains. After eight or ten miles it ended at Heart Lake, headquarters for the Adirondack Hiking Club. A two storied lodge was nestled along its pine-covered banks. From the parking lot, footpaths lead into the vast wilderness of the High Peaks Region.
Nearly rolling the Westphalia, Josh dropped into second and floored it. The aging motor wined as the camper raced up the narrow road. Suddenly the rear window shattered and a rifle slug buried itself in the back of the driver’s seat. Another thudded into the side door.
“Bastards!”, Eddy swore, casting the shotgun aside and reaching for Josh’s Winchester. He fired three shots out the back window before the van screeched around a curve. The river raced by them a stone’s throw away. The wheels bounced over cracked pavement.
Flame looked over at Josh, her green eyes bright with a mixture of fear and excitement. “Know where you’re going, Lover?”
Josh kept his eyes on the road. “Ya. There’s an old fire-road up ahead. I’ll swing in there and hope they go by.”
“Biker on our tail!”, Eddy yelled.
Behind them, Hicks had pulled ahead of the others and was now closing on the van.
“Can you take him?”, Flame asked.
Trina looked at Eddy, then nodded. “We can try!”
Both knelt on the back seat and raised their rifles. Hicks, two hundred feet away and closing, chose that moment to fire his own weapon. The 9 mm. machine-pistol let out a continuous burst, spraying hot led all across the roadway. Several slugs stitched their way up the rear of the van, one of which passed through the blown window and out through the front. A web of tiny cracks worked their way outwards from the .9 mm hole.
Grinning, Hicks moved in for the kill. He was about to raise his weapon again when Trina’s .306 slug hit him in the chest. Punched back off his bike, Hicks rolled like a rag doll for thirty feet before flopping over the bank. The Harley continued on its own for another fifty feet or so before hitting a pot-hole. The heavy machine jackknifed end over end into the river.
Eddy let out a howl, then hugged Trina. Princess barked out her approval.
“There’s the road!”, Josh shouted. “Just past that bridge!”
Flame squinted through the shattered windshield. “I can’t see shit!”
Five hundred feet in the rear, Sloan’s Pathfinder came into view.
“Christ!”, Eddy cut in. “The others are catching up! Two, three trucks just came around the bend!”
The camper rocked on its aging springs as it raced across the bridge. The slash in the forest that was the narrow fire-road sped by. Josh dropped back down into third and pressed the accelerator to the floor. Now that they had been seen there was no choice but to keep on going. The fire-road was a dead end. Once in it they’d have been trapped.
“Throw out everything but the packs!”, Josh yelled.
Trina and Eddy began tossing out boxes of groceries, seat cushions, even the large cooler. The trucks behind swerved around the litter and kept on. Bullets whizzed by. Several thudded into the back of the van. Flame and Trina returned fire.
“Watch out!”, Eddy barked, hefting the spare tire out the rear window. The spare hit the road, bounced twice, and went spinning back down the road. Sloan’s Pathfinder swerved around it, as did the truck behind it. The third truck, however, blocked by the others, didn’t see the steel missile encased in hard rubber coming until too late. The heavy wheel struck the third vehicle’s windshield, shot over the roof and landed square on the biker directly behind. 
Both truck and bike never made the next curve.
“End of the line coming up!”, Josh yelled. “Hold on! I’m going right up the trail!”
The battered Westfalia smashed through the flimsy toll gate and fish-tailed around the empty booth. Tires screeching, Josh tore across the gravel parking lot and headed directly for the narrow slit in the wall of green that marked the beginning of the trail.
***
“Where the fuck did they go?”, Sloan demanded, his hard eyes raking over the parking lot. A scattering of trucks and cars littered the lot. An old Ford pick-up was half way in a ditch. From the open driver’s side a ragged checkered shirt lay draped over the wheel. The slight breeze flapped the empty sleeve.
The remaining truck and biker pulled up behind Sloan’s Pathfinder, their motors purring like hunting cats. Sloan got out, an Uzi held tightly in his fist. Tiny killed the engine, took the long deer-rifle down from the rack behind his seat and stepped out. The four men from the truck and the biker joined them. Each one clutched a weapon.
The silence of the virgin forest seemed to hurt their ears. From high overhead a raven cawed. Hector Billingsly, a local that had willingly thrown in with Sloan, came up and stood by his leader’s side. A battered Remington .306 bolt-action cradled in his arm.
“They aint here, Boss. Tracks say they took to the woods.” Hector pointed with his stubble-covered chin at the freshly turned ruts leading down to the trailhead.
Sloan’s eyes narrowed. “They DROVE up the fucking trail?”
Hector hawked up a wad of phlegm before nodding. “Looks that way. Can’t get far, though. Trail starts to climb pretty steep a little ways in. There’s a foot bridge and a fast movin’  stream.”



“Then we’ve got them!”, Sloan hissed, starting off at a run towards the narrow opening in the forest. Tiny and the others raced to catch up. Only Hector took his time. He’d been guiding and hunting these woods all his life. In that time he’d seen all kinds of city-slickers out for a little adventure. Hikers, hunters, fishermen --- each one a bigger asshole than the last. This lot in the white camper, however, seemed a might different. They’d already gotten by that bag-of-shit Guts and stamped ‘paid’ to that little asswipe Pick. Now Hicks, another biker and a truckload of Sloan’s best men! Something told Hector that these were not your average shit-for-brains Lowlanders. Smiling through his tobacco stained teeth, Hector spit again and sauntered after the departing figures, his old Remington .306 cradled lovingly in the crook of his arm.
***
Josh had known it was there. The problem was that he didn’t remember it being so bloody steep! He’d thought the van could take it. In a way it had, only now it lay on its side, the front end hanging over the little stream.
“Everyone okay?”, Eddy yelled, sliding open the side door and climbing out on top. Flame, with Princess scrambling over her, was already forcing open the passenger door. Josh was helping Trina off her knees. She was cradling her left arm, a look of pain on her drawn features.
“How is it?”, Josh asked.
“Feels broken.”
“Can you walk?”
“Do I have a choice?”
Josh helped her up to Eddy, then glanced around. Inside was a shambles. The van had rolled several times, spilling the contents of the cabinets all over. The smell of gas was heavy. Josh grabbed everyone’s pack and tossed them all out, picked up his .30-30 and Trina’s rifle and climbed out. The others were waiting, Trina sitting cradling her left arm.
“Any sign of them?”, Josh asked.
“Not yet,” Flame answered. “But it won’t be long!”
Josh led them up the steep bank to some large boulders; Eddy was helping Trina while Flame brought up the rear. At the top Josh turned to Eddy. “Take Trina up the trail. There’s a large boulder about a quarter of a mile ahead. Wait for us there.”
Eddy started to argue, but Josh silenced him with a look. Eddy then handed Josh the 30-30, took his pack, shotgun and led Trina up the rocky path. Flame and Josh watched them vanish into the pines, the sound of the gurgling stream covering their going. Moments later another sound reached their ears, this one, however, was far more threatening. Sloan and his men were coming at a run.
“There, on the top of the ravine,” Flame whispered. Crouching down beside Josh, they waited. The van lay in the streambed a little over a hundred feet below them. The five men stood on the edge of the distant bank.
“Do we take them now?” Flame asked.
Josh shook his head. “Wait till they’re at the bottom. They’ll be closer --- more exposed and easier to hit. I’ll call out; tell them to turn around. If they do, fine. If they don’t, take the ones to the right of the van.”
Flame looked over at the man she was coming to love, utter disbelief in her green eyes. “You'll 'call out?!' Christ, Josh, do you think those assholes would ‘call out’ if they were in our shoes?”
He shrugged. “No I don’t --- but that’s what makes us different from them.”
“Shit,” she said, shaking her flaming hair. But a part of her was happy, warmed by his humanity. He might be a fool, but a kind fool! Not a soft one, but kind. She knew instinctively that he was the first ‘good’ man she’d met in a very long time --- and she didn’t intend to lose him. Still grinning, she raised Trina’s rifle and sighted on the man on the right.
***
Sloan watched as his three men made their way down the steep bank. Below them, the white van lay on its side. There was no sign of life around it, but that didn’t mean shit. They might be all dead inside. Then again, they might not. Sloan wasn’t taking any chances. He and Tiny would wait up here while the others took a look. Then he saw the rube, Hector  Billingsly, standing behind Tiny. Sloan was about to yell at him to get his ass down there when Hec turned those spooky grey eyes his way.
“I wouldn’t send them down there if I was you,” Hec drawled, spitting into the leaves.
Sloan grinned coldly. “Well, you’re not me, Jethrow. Not by a long shot!”
Hec turned away, a wry grin splitting his weathered features. ‘You got that right, asshole,’ Hec thought to himself. ‘I aint got shit for brains!’
Down below, Donny the Geek, a buck-toothed, pimple-faced youth who sported a shaven head covered by a red tam, was the first to reach the van. Tim Shingle and a mean bugger named Nuts Wilson, hung back, scanning the forest. Donny peered through the shattered windshield, climbed on top and stuck his head inside. 
“Nothing here, Boss!”, Donny yelled. “They’ve split!”
Tim Shingle had moved up beyond the van to the small footbridge, seventy-five feet from where Flame and Josh waited on the other side. The red head had him clearly in her sights. It was then that Josh called out.
“You by the van! Turn around and leave, NOW!”
Tim Shingle’s response was both swift and deadly. Leaping off the footbridge, he sprayed the far bank with a hail of automatic fire. Flame let one go, but the round went wide. “Bloody Hell!, she wore.
Josh squinted through a crack between the boulders. Everyone down below had gone to ground, even the ones up on the hill. “Trina told you it pulls to the left.”
“So I forgot! Sue me!”
Josh grinned. “Let’s try it again, shall we? Go for the one in the van.” He then stood up and heaved a large stone in a high arc down the slope. The rock smacked against a tree and fell back into the stream.
“Jesus Christ!”, Tim Shingle yelled, firing blindly at the noise. From behind the van, Nuts Wilson started blasting away with his .44 Magnum. Chips of rock flew off the front of the boulder where Josh had stood. From inside the van, Donny the Geek popped up through the side door, a Saturday Night Special blazing away in each hand. Up on the hillside, Flame thought that his red tam made him look like a target in a shooting gallery. Remembering the tendency of Trina’s rifle, she aimed at a spot about a foot to the right of Donny’s head and gently squeezed. The result was that front tire on the passenger side burst. Disgusted, she tossed the rifle aside and drew her Smith & Wesson. Donny the Geek, however, had retreated back inside. Flame pumped two slugs into the van’s rusting undercarriage just the same.
Silence hung over the little glade. Shafts of sunlight caught the rising stream of burnt powder. From atop a high pine, a lone crow croaked out its displeasure. As though in agreement with the bird, Hec Billingsly cocked one eye up at the bird and spit, then moved over to where Sloan and Tiny crouched.
“Told you not to send ‘em down there. Now they’re stuck.”
Tiny glared at him. “And just how would you do it, asshole?”
Hec scratched his stubbled cheek, his battered Fedora shading his piercing eyes. “Well, right now I’d flank ‘em. Sneak round on both sides while those three down below keep ‘em busy. Catch the buggers in a three way crossfire.”
Sloan’s scowl stretched into a grin. He reached out and slapped Hec on the back. “Good thinking, Hec. It might just work!” His hand suddenly tightened on the mans shoulder. “But you wouldn’t be thinking of slipping away now, would you? I wouldn’t like that.”
Hec looked at the hand on his shoulder, then into its owners eyes. “If ‘n I’d a wanted to ‘slip away’, Boss, I’d be long gone by now.”
Sloan released his grip and barked out a laugh. “Okay. We’ll try it your way.” He then  called out to the three down in the gully to keep blasting away. When he turned back, Hec had already vanished.
***
Josh moved back from the narrow opening and thrust the small field glasses back into his pack. He’d been watching the three on the far side. Big, Medium and Small. Since Medium was the one shouting orders, he guessed that was Sloan. Big was probably a bodyguard. Both seemed lost in the woods. Their clothes, boots, even the way they carried themselves cried out ‘Big City’. The other one, Small, had the look of a fox about him. His clothes were country, and the way he studied the trail and cradled his rifle marked him as a hunter. In his mind Josh changed their names to Brains, Muscle and Fox. Out here, Fox would be the one to watch.


He turned to Flame. “They’re trying to flank us. Time to go.”
“They’ll follow.”
“I’m counting on it.”
Flame shrugged, then, picking up Trina’s .308, she bounded up the trail. Josh followed. In a moment the forest had swallowed them completely.
A short while later they neared the big rock where the Eddy and Trina were waiting. Princess bounded out to meet them. A moment later Eddy appeared.
“Trina?”, Josh asked.
“Behind the boulder. Her arm’s bad. She nearly fainted twice getting here.” There was deep concern in his blue eyes.
“Marcy Dam is less than a mile ahead. We’ll fix her up at the Ranger station.”
Eddy grabbed Josh’s arm. “They’re still following?”
Josh nodded.
“Christ! And I thought this was going to be a vacation!”
***
Half an hour later they had reached the old log cabin. While Flame and Princess stood guard outside, they sat Trina down and quickly searched the place. Eddy found a large first aid kit, complete with splints, sling and pain killers.
“How bad is it?”, Josh asked the girl.
Trina moved her arm and winced. “Just sprained I think. The splint and the pills will help.”
Josh smiled, then, leaving Eddy to handle the doctoring, he went over to a large trail map tacked to the wall. The lengths of rope and climbing tools he’d found had sparked an idea. Comparing the map to the one in his guide book, the plan began to take form.
“You think they’ll find us?”, Eddy asked. “We passed two other trails on the way here. Maybe they’ll follow one of those.”
“I think they’ve got a tracker with them. If I’m right...” Josh left the rest unsaid.
Eddy turned away, anger showing on his usually smiling face. “If only I’d brought my rifle instead of this!” He held up the short barreled shotgun. “It has a scope for distance. We could have got up high and picked them off!”



Before Josh could reply, a shot rang out. Several more followed. They all reached for their weapons, even Trina.
Outside they saw Flame running across the dam, Princess at her heels. To her right a lake filled the long, narrow valley, to her left cascades of water spilled over the log dam. Behind her angry shouts could be heard.
 “Inside the cabin”, Josh yelled. “We can slip out the back door and into the woods! It’ll take time for them to realize we’re not in there!”
Eddy helped Trina, while Josh and Flame fired at the men emerging from the trail on the far side of the dam. Bullets flew both ways. Behind them a glass window shattered.
Once inside, they grabbed their packs, including one stuffed with rope and climbing gear and headed for the back door. Once outside they scrambled for the trees. Down the path, the trail diverged in three directions.
“This way!”, Josh whispered. “Make sure to go through that muddy patch.!” He ran up the left path marked with blue blazes, his heavy boots leaving fresh, clear tracks in the wet ground. Fifty feet beyond, he stopped on a rocky slab, turned and jumped off the trail. 
Stepping lightly, the thick leaves barely showing an imprint, he headed for the other path. The others did the same. Two minutes later they came to a trail marked with yellow blazes.
“Shit!”, Eddy said, the admiration clear in his voice. “I thought they only did that in the movies!”
“James Fennimore Cooper wrote about it over two hundred years ago.”
Trina, with her arm tightly bound and the pain-killers kicking in big-time, smiled glassy-eyed at Josh. “You Hawkeye. Me Chingagcook.” Suppressing a giggle, she moved on ahead. The other three, hampered by heavy packs, did their best to keep up. 
At the end of the reservoir, the trail crossed a footbridge over a stream and began to climb steeply. Once across, Josh crouched behind a large pine and trained his small but powerful binoculars back towards the dam. Men were cautiously moving in on the cabin from three sides. Smiling, he jogged after the others.
***

Chapter 31



The Adirondacks
New York August 17

“They’re gone?!” There was more threat than question in Sloan’s voice.
Hec sat on the cabin’s weathered porch and rolled a cigarette. The question was too stupid to warrant a reply. Of course they were gone. Slipped out the back door while these assholes fumbled around out front. ‘The only question now was where?’ They could be waiting nearby in the woods, but Hec didn’t think so. Be too easy to find, and Hec had a feeling that these buggers knew what they were doing. After lighting his smoke, he walked slowly into the cabin. Nuts Wilson and Tim Shingle were rooting around in the back rooms. The idiot kid with the red pimp’s hat was farting around out back. Hec told him to haul his ass back inside and stop fucking up the tracks.
“You giving the orders round here now, old man?!”, Tiny asked. His voice was surprisingly high for such a big man, yet the menace was plain to hear.
Hec took a long drag on his cigarette, then flicked it into the cold fireplace. His wolf-grey eyes met Tiny’s. “Maybe. I aint heard nothing out of your mouth worth shit.”
Tiny started forward, but a knife suddenly appeared in Hec’s hand. The curved blade glinted wickedly. The large Asian was about to spring when Sloan’s voice cut in.
“Ease off, Tiny. We’re on his turf and the old fart knows it.” Sloan faced Hec. “So, Daniel Boon, what now?”
Hec held Sloan’s gaze for a moment, then smiled. The skinning knife had already vanished. “We track ‘em.”
Tiny grunted, hefting his rifle. The long gun had a large scope on it. “You track them, Hayseed. I’ll kill them.”
Hec shrugged and turned to the large wall map. Not that he needed it, but these city boys could use a little visual aid. ‘Hell, they all looked like they could use white canes!’
 “Well, they got a bunch o’ choices right off, n’ plenty more later on.” The knife appeared again and traced a number of lines on the large, topographical map. Hec’s gravelly voice ground out poignant names Whales Tail, Phelp’s Peak, Caribou Pass, Panther Gorge and mounts Algonquin, Marcy, Iroquois and White Face. 
Then the knife point moved along a narrow cleft between the two mountain ranges. “But my money’s on this’n right here. Avalanche Pass.”
“Why?” Sloan’s voice had a hard edge to it. To him all the bloody trails looked like a long, hard walk into Nowhere!
Hec spit before answering. “Because they’ll want a way out o’ these mountains, not just up ‘em. Most these trails are just big, meanderin’ loops that lead back to where they started.” Hec hawked up another wad of phlegm and spit into the fireplace. “They’re made that way so you city-folks don’t get lost n’ et by a bear --- though every year a number of you dumb buggers still manage it.”
“So, Great White Hunter,” Tiny sneered. “Which way do you think they’ll go?!”
“Here.” Hec’s knife stabbed a small circle on the map south of Calamity’s Climb and Livingston’s Point . It was called The Garden. 
Sloan stepped closer to the map. “What the fuck’s ‘The Garden’?!”
Yellowed teeth showed through a gash in Hec’s mouth that masqueraded as a smile. “A trailhead with a small, gravel parking lot. Backpackers ‘n hunters use it mostly. Few city-folks  even know it’s there --- but I’m betting these bastards do.”
“Why?”
Hec scratched his stubbled chin. “’Cause this lot’s damned smart, that’s why. They’ve given us the slip twice now and already taken out four of your boys.”
Sloan frowned. “So why don’t  we just go back to our vehicles, drive over to this ‘Garden’ and wait for them to come down?”
Hec took a deep breath and started to roll another cigarette. “You can do that --- n’ it might even work.”
“Why wouldn’t it?!” Sloan demanded.
The old guide licked the edge of the paper with his tongue and lit a wooden match with a flick of his dirty thumbnail. Acidic, grey-white smoke drifted lazily up into the blackened rafters. “Well, I can conjure up a few reasons. First off they got food n’ blankets so they can stay up in the high ground for days --- maybe even a week or more. Plenty o’ game in the woods n’ fish in the streams if you know what you’re doin’ --- n’ this lots seems to.”
“What else?!” Sloan growled.
Hec took another long drag on his smoke. “I said I think they’ll head to The Garden. The village of Keene Valley is just a mile or so down the road. But there are other places they could come out. They could loop around n’ double back to where we started. Or they could go south; up and over Marcy and come out at any of three or four places along #9. Blue Ridge, Newcome or Long Lake. Hell, they could go northwest up towards Lake Placid. Plenty o’ rich city-fellas have fancy cottages round there.” Another long drag that threatened to burn both his lips and his yellowed fingertips. “There’s only one way to be sure.”
Sloan frowned. “And how the hell is that?!” 
That gash of a smile flashed again. “Track ‘em. Go faster n’ harder than they do n’ catch ‘em sleepin’ in their bedrolls.”
 “And you can track them through all this shit?” Tiny’s voice dripped sarcasm.
Hec glanced at the big man. “If you start doin’ things my way I can.”
Tiny was about to say something, but Sloan cut him off. “Enough! I want these fuckers bad and you’re going to lead me to them! My boys will do whatever you say, just find me these bastards!”
Hec spit again. “That’s all fine n’ dandy, but what I said goes for you too, Boss. There aint no fancy chauffeurs out here. You’ll have to pull your own weight like everyone else. That means do what I say when I say it. Also, my price just doubled. That okay by you?”
It took Sloan several long moments to manage a nod, during which he contemplated  not only killing Josh and his people, but Adirondack guide Hector Billingsly as well.
Tiny grunted out a laugh. “So, what do we do now? Hotfoot it up the trail?”
Hec fixed the big man with his cold, hunter’s eyes. “We’ll gear up first. There’s a lot o’ shit around here we can use. Blankets, canned food, rope. Be a good idea to try the radio first. The one in the Ranger’s bedroom. Tell your boys back at Lake Placid to get a map ‘n haul there asses up to the Garden. Better yet, once there have them follow the trail up to John’s Brook Lodge. We’ll meet them there in three or four days.”
Sloan nodded to Tiny. While the large Asian stomped off to find the short-wave, Sloan stepped closer to Hec. His voice was low and dangerous. “Let’s get a few things straight, Hayseed. You may be the big shit out here in the boonies, but I still have the final say. You find me these motherfuckers and you can write your own ticket. But try to jerk me off and I’ll rip your heart out.”
Hec held Sloan’s cold gaze for several heartbeats before speaking. “Look. I’m good. Damned good! But there’s a hell of a lot of wilderness out there ‘n at least one of these buggers knows his ass from a hole in the ground. He’s at home in the woods, probably a hiker n’a hunter, knows what gear to use. He also knows the lay of the land ‘n how to make it work for him. If it is just one of them, the others may get sloppy. If not, then some of us might not make it back out.” 
Hec paused to let his words sink in, then continued. “What you got to do now, Boss, is make up your mind. Do you want these guys bad enough to go through a world of pain, ‘cause once we hit the high country, turning back is just as hard as going on. If you’ve got the balls for that, I’m your man. If not, say so now.”
Sloan’s anger threatened to choke him. No-one spoke to him like that! No-one! Not since he was fourteen and his druken father had tried to give his mouthy son a beating. A baseball bat into the old bastard’s kneecap had put an end to that. Sloan hadn’t taken any lip since. Now, here was this sack of country shit standing there attracting flies and telling HIM how it was going to be! Well, he’d soon fix that! But not now. Now he needed this pompous hillbilly. But later! Ol’ Hayseed Hector was going to get a lasting lesson in manners!”
“I want them!”, Sloan managed to croak.
Hec nodded. “Then let’s get moving, ‘cause we’re burning daylight.”
***
Dressed now in proper hiking boots, black leggings, an orange sweater and a blue toque and jacket, Flame sat on the edge of a large, granite boulder, her green eyes wide with wonder. Before her stretched a view that took her breath away. 
An arm length in front of her the world fell away in a dizzying spiral of blue sky, white clouds and green slopes kissed with golden sunshine. A thousand feet below lay the still, glacial waters of Avalanche Lake. Three miles long and so deep as to be practically bottomless, the cold, azure waters filled the wide gap between two sheer cliffs. In the windblown gulf between, soaring on the thermal updrafts, a hawk, wild and fierce, cried out its boundless joy. Flame’s heart answered in kind.



Twice before she had felt thus. The first time had been with Snake and his gang, chasing Josh’s group along the Spine of God on Franconia Ridge. The second time was last week when Josh had taken her to the top of Mount Washington. Both times above treeline she had felt her pulse racing, her eyes drinking in the beauty all around her. 
Now, halfway up the sheer wall of Mount Avalanche, the thrill was the same; the sweeping vistas, the endless sky, the feeling that you could reach out and touch the very centre of the Creation.
“It’s something, isn’t it?”, Trina said, climbing up to stand beside her. The taller red-head grinned and pointed to the hawk. Together they stood watching the feathered creature soar through the heavens.
Josh and Eddy, a dozen yards further back down the trail, were kneeling by a narrow catwalk. The dog, Princess, watched them with her head cocked to one side. A graying, weathered plank spanned a narrow but deep crevasse. They’d been traversing a giant talus heap of large boulders and monolithic slabs for over an hour now, and this was the third wooden catwalk they’d crossed. Using the rock-hammer he’d brought from the Ranger’s cabin, once all four were across, Josh had smashed the bolts holding the wood to the rock on all three. Anyone following was going to have a hell of a surprise once they attempted to cross. 
Watching the last rusted pin snap under the blow from the two pound hammer, Eddy had an idea. “What if we dump this one down the crevasse? If they get this far, they’ll already know we’ve buggered the pins. They’ll simply have someone hold the plank steady while the others cross. But if there is no bridge to hold ---”
Josh beamed back at his curly headed friend. Together they heaved the heavy plank into the yawning gap. It was a long time hitting the water.
“What are you two grinning about?”, Trina asked as the men joined them. “Or is it one of those ‘male things’?” The three pain pills she’d taken back at the Ranger station had worn down the pain in her arm and left her a little giddy.
Josh winked at Eddy, then reached down to scratch Princess behind her neck. “Oh, just that two heads are better than one, and that four are even better. Who’s hungry?”
They sat together quietly, making a quick meal out of cold tortillas, cheese, pepperoni, washed down with peach juice. Princess had a whole pepperoni to herself. As they sat, the shadows lengthened, while across the narrow lake, the sheer granite cliff-face burned in the westering sun.
Flame leaned back against Josh, her red hair a strangely heady mixture of sweat and pine. “You think they’re still coming, don’t you?”
Josh was silent for several moments. Just before climbing into The Pass, he had caught a glimpse of six men winding their way up the trail. They were a good hour behind them, but still coming. The false trails he had left and the two traps he’d set had gained them a little time, but that was all. Whoever was leading them seemed to know his business.
“Yes,” he said quietly. “They’re still coming.”
“And you don’t think fooling with the catwalks will stop them?”
He shook his head.
Flame sighed. “Then we should make a stand here in the rocks and take them when they’re in the open.”
“No.” His tone was final, not open to negotiation.
She stiffened, turning to face him. “Why the hell not? I know you’re not afraid!”
Josh placed an arm around her and pulled her to him. “Damned right I’m afraid! There’s six of them, most with automatic weapons!”
Flame fixed him with her sea-green eyes. “You faced them back at the van.”
“And nearly got us killed!”, he added.
“Well, what then? We can’t outrun them and we can’t lose them. What’s left?”
Josh pulled over the pack from the Ranger station. Coils of braided climber’s rope stuck out of the top. “We outsmart them.”
He called Eddy and Trina and began to tell them his plan.
***
Sloan felt like screaming. If he wasn’t so bloody tired he would have. As it was, he sank to his knees, his heart pounding, his lungs on fire. Tiny and Nuts Wilson were in equally bad shape. Even the kid, Donny the Geek, was winded. Only Hec seemed normal. Sitting casually on the lip of the twisting goat’s path, the scruffy woodsman was calmly rolling a smoke.
‘Bastard!’, Sloan cursed inwardly, wishing he had the strength to shove the arrogant sack-of-shit off the cliff. That made him think of Tim Shingle, which brought the rage full circle. ‘Who the hell would have thought they would have knocked out the fucking pins?!’ Sloan’s mind replayed the man’s fall over and over again. The sudden flailing of arms; the desperate, panic-stricken look; the ear-piercing, blood-curdling scream as Tim fell into the dark crevasse.
‘Our fucking guide should have, that’s who!’
They’d crossed the second catwalk on their hands and knees. Crawling like a bunch of shit-pants kids! All but Hec. That bastard had sauntered across!
And now this! The third catwalk wasn’t even there! They’d tossed the fucking thing down! Down like Tim had gone. End over end. Screaming all the way!
Something touched his shoulder and Sloan jumped, his hand scrambling for the gun on his hip. Tiny’s slanted eyes swam into view.
 “Chill out, Sloan. It’s me!”
“I know its you, Butt-Head! What the fuck do you want!?”
“To get off this goddamned mountain!”, Tiny growled. “I feel like a fly crawling across the nose of a giant skull! Christ! A fucking goat couldn’t live up here!”
“Hec can.” Sloan’s words promised a symphony of pain.
“Ya!”, the large Asian grunted. “But not once we get back down.” The two men grinned like crows contemplating a corpse.
Hec, as though sensing their mood, glanced over at the pair, then up the steep slope. The sun, now far to the west, left this eastern side of the mountain in deep shadow. The long crevasse that split the narrow trail was about a dozen feet across. Behind them and several yards higher up the rocky slope a large, dead, uprooted pine hung precariously over the trail. An idea began to form in Hec’s crafty mind. If they could get up there and push it down, it could form a natural bridge  over the gap. He called Donny the Geek over. The kid was crazy enough to try anything. Together they both scrambled up the steep slope.
***
Josh and his group were now high above the southern end of Lake Colden, over a mile further along from the last catwalk. The trail had dipped down several hundred feet, then climbed even higher. The lake, now far below them, looked like a giant, kidney-shaped pool. A multicolored rope ran through a pulley hammered into the rock wall behind them.
Josh, pointing to the map, showed where a steep trail at the southern end of the lake led up the eastern cliff to a place called Lake Tear. From there a multitude of trails branched off in all directions, several of them ending up at The Garden. The trail they were on now wound slowly around and down to the same place, but if they could use the ropes to get down the steep cliff, they’d be hours ahead of those following them. All but Eddy jumped at the idea.
“What about Trina? With her arm ---” Eddy left the rest unsaid.
Josh dug out a contraption made from nylon straps. “A Climber’s Sling. Flame goes down first, then we lower Trina in the sling.”
“Ya. A real piece of cake,” Eddy said, unable to hide his apprehension.
“I’ll be fine, Eddy,” Trina put in. “I’ve taken a lot of climbing courses in Ranger School.”
“Ya? With a broken arm?”
She held up the aluminum Climb-Along, a hand-grip that allowed the rope to slide through but gripped tight when squeezed. “Like you said, its ‘a piece of cake’!”
Eddy shook his head. “You’re both bloody crazy. It must be four or five hundred feet straight down, and we’ve only got a couple of hundred feet of rope!”
“No sweat,” Flame put in. “We’ve got a bag of pulleys and shit, plus there’s plenty of ledges on the way down. We’ll just leap-frog it down.”
“Swell!”, Eddy said, nodding towards Princess. “How about the pouch? I suppose she goes down in the sling as well?”
Flame, already in a harness and hooked to one end of the rope, winked at the worried carpenter. “Hey Eddy, do you want to live forever?”
It was a game they had played since leaving Mount Hawthorn. ‘Corny Quotes’. Someone said a famous line from a movie and the rest tried to guess which one. Eddy was good on the John Wayne ones, but not so hot with the rest.
“Conon the Slayer!”, Trina beamed. “What’s-her-name, ah --- Valaria!, said that to him just before they climbed the Serpent Temple!”
Flame gave her a thumbs-up sign, then swung over the side. 
Totally fearless, she repelled down the face of the like a Navy Seal, her long hair, for once tied in a long ponytail, caught the rays of the westering sum. Princess barked and Eddy groaned, feeling his stomach heave. Josh belayed the rope through the pulley the way Trina had shown them. Several minutes later the rope went slack and Flames distant voice floated up to them.
“Wow, that’s almost better than sex! Send down the packs. Then the dog!”
Eddy gave another little groan
***
“They WHAT?!” A vein in Sloan’s neck looked as though it was going to burst. He drew his semi-automatic and pointed it at Hec. “I should blow your bloody head off!”
Hec fingered the pulley hammered into the rock-wall, then turned to face Sloan. A sly smile creased the older man’s stubbled features. “Go ahead. But without me none of you’ll get out of here alive, let alone catch those bastards.”
Tiny shoved his bulk forward, in his anger coming dangerously close to the edge. Over a thousand feet below, Lake Colden waited patiently in the shadows. “You think you’re so god-damned smart! All we have to do is turn around and follow the trail back!”
Hec’s grin became a broad smile. “You want to try crossing those crevices in the dark? There aint no streetlights out here, boys. Once the suns gone its blacker than a ape’s asshole.”
While this little tidbit sank in, Hec glanced up at the sky. The shadows were lengthening, and the light had dimmed in the valley. Hec decided to drive home his point. “Be dark soon, and cold. Any of you boys bring supper? I thought not.” He leaned towards Sloan, ignoring the gun in the man’s hand. “There’s a lean-to beside a trout stream not far from here. In less than an hour we can be safe and warn and stuffing ourselves with fresh caught fish.”
“What about them?!”, Sloan demanded, pointing down to Lake Colden.
Hec began to roll a cigarette. “I know where their headed. They’ll have to camp soon. Come morning they’ll head up over Mount Colden and on to Tear Lake Shelter. At dawn I’ll take us up a side-trail not marked on any map. Its harder to climb that a Nun’s thigh, but it’ll get us where we want to go in half the time.”
“Oh?”, Tiny sneered. “And just where the fuck is that?”
“Tear Lake Shelter,” Hec beamed. “There’s a trail from there that leads down to The Garden. With any luck, we should get to the shelter ahead of them.” Hec struck a wooden match with the end of his thumbnail and lit his cigarette. “Should have them in the bag by tomorrow night.”
***

Chapter 32



The Adirondacks
New York August 18

Josh called a halt beside a rushing stream. Tossing down his pack, he thrust his head into the foaming water, the cold helping to wash away his fatigue. The other three gladly did the same. Princess was already in up to her belly, noisily drinking her fill. Flame, kicking off her boots, shorts and tank-top, joined the hound, laying down and letting the icy water flow over her. The others were too hot and tired to notice. Besides, Flame was after all, Flame. Mindful of her sling, Trina bathed her face with a wet bandana. The second lot of pills Eddy had given her since breakfast were already wearing off, leaving her features drawn and pale.
“How much further?”, Eddy asked. Water poured off him, plastering his blond curls to his head.
Josh dug out his map and traced a finger along the trail they had been following since sunrise. It passed up and over the summit of Mount Colden, down and around its eastern side, then up a stream along a series of open ledges to their present position.
“This must be Feldspar Brook. The shelter should be just beyond these ridges.”
Eddy frowned. “’Should be’? Christ, Josh! Haven’t you been here before?”
Josh shook his head. “Not on this trail. Oh, I’ve been to the shelter before, but I came in from The Garden on my way up Mount Marcy.”
Flame rejoined them, her shorts back on, her tank-top still in her hand. She caught Trina’s frown, smiled wickedly, and turned around to finish dressing. Eddy had been about to say something, but the sight of the statuesque red-head drove the thought out of his head. Trina tried to salvage the situation by asking Josh how high Marcy was.
“Almost fifty-four hundred feet. Highest peak in the Adirondacks.”
She smiled, hearing the pride in his voice. Having grown up in New Hampshire's White Mountains, she could understand his love for high places. “How many times have you been up it?”
Josh pulled out some dried jerky and offered it around. “To the top? Twice. On two other occasions half way up the weather drove us back. It’s not easy to reach, being nearly eight miles from Keene Valley and twelve from where we left the van.”
“So how far have we come, Lover?” Flame knelt beside him, her skimpy top now molded to her wet body.
Josh continued to chew the dry beef jerkey. “Just under twenty miles. We didn’t exactly take the most direct route.”
Trina moved closer to the map. With her good hand she traced the trail from the Tear Lake Shelter, up and over Marcy and down to a fork on the eastern slope. “Which way to that parking lot?”
Josh shrugged. “We’ve got several choices. The easiest way is down past Slant Rock to the John’s Brook Lodge. From there the river slopes gently down a couple of miles to The Garden.”
“And we can pick up a car there?” Eddy asked.
Josh nodded, thinking back on that terrible day nearly two months ago when he and Jessie had walked out of these same mountains, only to find a world gone mad. There were plenty of cars and trucks abandoned all over the place --- many with the remains of their owners still inside --- at least, the part that hadn’t been blown away by the wind. The image of his brother-in-law’s dried up body passed before his eyes. He shivered, thinking of that lonely grave on the slopes of Mount Haystack.
“Josh? You okay?” Flame’s voice pushed away the dark past, snapping him back to the equally dark present.
“I’m fine,” he said, reaching for his pack. Princess was instantly on her feet. “Let’s get going. I want to make the shelter before dark.”
***


Donny the Geek’s red tam could be seen moving back up the trail towards where the others were waiting at the log shelter. “They’re coming!”, Donny yelled, running into the clearing. “They’re still way back there about half a mile, but the fuckers are coming!” 
Hector’s plan had worked. It had nearly killed them physically, but they made it up his little know ‘shortcut’ to Tear Lake shelter before Josh’s group. They’d only been there  a half hour or so --- time enough to set Donny on guard duty while the other three caught their breath. Hec was his usual calm, cool self, his weathered face half lost in curls of cigarette smoke.
Nuts Wilson drew his .44 Magnum and Tiny hefted his long deer rifle. Sloan, sitting on the raised floor of the lean-to, put down the canteen he’d been drinking from and pushed off the safety on his Uzi. Only Hec remained undisturbed.
“Okay, gents,” the lanky woodsman drawled. “You all know your places. Don’t nobody fire till they’re all right up here.”
Tiny gave a mock Gestapo-like salute, then moved off into the higher rocks in front of the three-sided building. Since he had the rifle with the scope, Hec wanted him up high where he could cover the entire killing ground. Donny and Nuts hustled off to either side of the small clearing and Sloan went to his position behind a stand of stunted pines to the right of the lean-to. Watching them move clumsily away, Hec was reminded of a herd of lost cows. Checking the safety on his own rifle, he silently faded into the trees on the left.
About ten minutes later a lone figure topped the rise before the clearing. Three more quickly followed. Two men and two women. Everything was moving according to plan.
Then Hec saw the dog! He’d forgotten about the bloody dog! He’d seen the tracks back at the Marcy Dam, but none since. How’d they get a bloody hound like that down Avalanche Pass?! ‘Damn it! This changes everything!’ he inwardly cursed. ’We can’t wait till they’re all at the shelter --- the bloody dog will smell us out long before that! Now we have to take the bastards at long range!’
Hec spit and sighted down the barrel of his trusty rifle, yet it wasn’t at the dog that he aimed, but the bearded man beside it.
“Come on,” he muttered. “Just get clear of those bloody trees!”
***
Josh felt right away that something was wrong. For one thing it was too quiet. For another, Princess was standing stiff-legged, ears up and growling softly. She’d caught the scent of something down there, something she didn’t like. Flame started to move past him, but he caught hold of her arm, his keen eyes scanning the glade.
The lean-to was empty. No smoke from the firepit. No sign of... then he saw it! The canteen on the floor! The hound’s growl deepened. Eddy and Tina came up from the rear. 


Eddy stopped to talk to Josh. Trina stepped past them, stopped and turned.
“What’s  the matter, guys?” she asked.
The sound of a high powered rifle broke the silence. At the same time the side of Trina’s head exploded. The girl’s body spun around and fell across the trail.
“DOWN!”, Josh yelled, grabbing Flame and shoving her off the path. The startled red-head slid down a short drop and landed in a tangle of scrub. Gunfire filled the air. The wine of bullets was all around. A line of 9 mm. slugs stitched their way up the rocky trail. Trina’s dead body jerked as the bullets ripped through her. Josh crouched down and yelled at Eddy, who stood staring slack-jawed at Trina’s riddled corpse. The high powered rifle barked again. Princess, standing beside Josh, was struck in the chest and knocked down. The faithful hound whined once, licked his hand and died.
“Eddy! MOOOVE!!”, Josh yelled.
Woodenly, Eddy walked towards Josh, who promptly pushed him off the trail. Heck’s old rifle cracked again and Josh suddenly felt a sudden shove from behind. Falling, he rolled on his side. The gunfire continued. Flame had crawled back up the slope and was firing at the lean-to. On his knees now, Josh saw Eddy scramble up beside her. A moment later Eddy’s shotgun boomed twice. Flame had reloaded her Smith & Wesson and was once more blasting away. Josh grabbed Eddy.
“We’ve got to get away! Down! Off the trail!”
“But they KILLED HER!”, Eddy screamed. “They shot her in the fucking head!”
Josh yanked Eddy towards him. “She’s GONE, Eddy! GONE! Now, get moving downhill! Into the trees! NOW!”
Eddy glared back, hate warring with love in his wild eyes. He glanced one last time at Tina’s body, drew a deep breath and turned back down the trail.
“Flame!”, Josh yelled. “Let’s go!”
The red-head fired three more rapid shots, then followed, Trina’s blood and brains spattered over her face and bare shoulders.
Wordlessly the three started down the steep ravine. Behind them the firing stopped and the cursing began.
***
Donny the Geek’s face was awash with blood. Up close it looked as though every pimple on his sallow face had erupted. In truth, he had taken a load of #4 buckshot. Luckily for him the pellets had been spread wide and nearly spent by the time they struck, or Donny the Geek would be Donny the Dead. As it was he looked like someone had dumped a pail of red paint over his head. Miraculously his eyes hadn’t been hit, but he could now whistle with his mouth closed.
One of Flame’s slugs had ripped off Nuts Wilson’s left ear. The pain had made him bite through the end of his tongue. Blood now dribbled down his neck and off his chin. Sloan, Tiny and Hec had escaped unscathed, though all three were none too happy with the results. Sloan was especially peeved.
“A woman and a fucking dog!”, he hissed, kicking the hound’s limp, bloody form. “Both men and the red head got clean away!” He rounded on Hec, his Rugger 9 mm. in his hand. “A woman and a fucking dog!” Sloan raised the Rugger. “This time I AM going to blow your fucking head off!”
Hec snorted. “And just how the hell are you going to get out of here without me?” Not waiting for an answer, he bent down to examine Trina’s body.
Sloan stood over him, shaking with rage. “Walk out, asshole! Just like we walked in!”
Hec shook his head. “It’s way over twenty miles back to the cars. The kid won’t make five. As for your man Nuts there, he’ll probably bleed to death before the kid.”
Donny and Nuts eyed each other, both on the ragged edge of panic. Hec stood up and continued. “John’s Brook Lodge is a hell ova lot closer. There’ll be shelter, hot food and a First Aid kit. Some of your boys might even be there by now. Kill me and none of you’ll make it off this mountain.”
“Bullshit!”, Tiny growled, swinging his rifle around to point at Hec’s gut --- an action that caused Nuts Wilson to raise his .44 and press it against the side of Tiny’s head. His tongue, swollen and bleeding, made his words grotesquely comical. “I dun’t wunt ta kul ya, Tuny. Bu I wull if I huv ta! Hec cun gut us ut a here. Ya cun’t. Nutun persnul.”
Donny, looking like a skinned extra from a third rate monster movie, nodded and pointed his .38 Special at the tall Asian. “Ya, Tiny. Nothing personal.”
Hec looked at Sloan, wry amusement in his wolf-grey eyes. All three assholes were now pointing guns at someone. Part of Hec wanted to laugh. “Even with my help it won’t be that easy now.”
Sloan stepped up and glared at the woodsman. “Why the fuck not?!”
Hec nodded at the bodies at his feet. “Two things you don’t mess with in these parts; a man’s woman and a man’s dog. You boys have gone and messed with both.”
“So?!”
Hec shrugged. “If I judge this fella right, it won’t be us hunting him now, but him hunting us.”
“Oh shit!”, a small voice whined. It came from Donny the Geek.
***

Chapter 33



The Adirondacks
New York August 18

They kept going downhill till they came to a stream. The land was steep and heavily treed, the water cascading through a narrow, rocky slot. The rugged slopes of Mount Marcy began on the far side.
“Need a break,” Flame gasped. Flopping down on a rock shelving, she shed her hack and began to wash the blood and sticky gray matter off her face and shoulders. Having little success, she finally went and stood beneath the closest falls.
Josh eased his heavy pack off and worked his shoulders. The pain was still there, but fading. Opening the pack, he saw a small hole on the front and back. The bullet had gone through a thick guide book and three nested cooking pots before striking his shoulder. Wincing from the pain, Josh pulled off his blood soaked t-shirt.
“Here,” Flame said, sloshing over to kneel beside him. “Let me have a look at that. Oh, shit! I can SEE the bloody bullet!”
Flame continued to fuss, but Josh was still too shocked by Trina’s death to worry about a flesh would. He could still move his arm so it couldn’t be that bad. Flame looked at him for a long moment, then took his Tanto knife. Her fingers moved gently over his back, then a sharp, sudden pain danced along his spinal cord.
“Got the bastard!”, she hissed. “Thank God it wasn’t deep!” Digging in their small first aid kit, she quickly cleaned and bandaged the shallow wound, then found dry shirts for both of them.
While Flame was seeing to Josh, Eddy sat watching their back-trail, his shotgun fully loaded and ready. Thick pines and rock outcroppings blocked the view, but Eddy watched just the same. From the look on his face, he seemed to hope that someone would come. When no-one did, he stomped angrily over to Josh. 
“What now?”, he demanded, a hard edge in his usually soft voice. “We going to let those murdering bastards get away or what?”
Josh looked from Eddy to Flame, then back to Eddy. After a moment he shook his head.
“What the hell does that mean?”, Eddy demanded, anger and frustration bringing him near tears. “Christ, Josh! They SHOT YOUR DOG AND BLEW TRINA’S BRAINS OUT!”
The echo of Eddy’s shouted words seemed to hang in the air, making the silence that followed all the deeper. At last Josh spoke, his words an icy whisper. “They’ll pay, Eddy. I promise you they’ll pay.”
Eddy glanced at Flame, then back to Josh. Something that might once have been a grin contorted his face. “How?”
“We beat them up Marcy and take them when they come out of the trees.”
Flame looked uncertain. “What makes you think they’ll go on to Marcy? They might turn back.”
Josh shook his head. “Not this group. They’ve come too far to quite now.”
Eddy stood up. “So have we. So let’s get moving!”
***
Hector Billingsly was worried. The ambush at the shelter should have worked, yet here he was, left with four assholes that couldn’t find their feet with both hands! To make matters worse, two of them were already hurting bad, and the other two looked jumpy enough to shoot their own shadow! He’d not exactly lied when he told them that John’s Brook Lodge was ‘a hell ova lot closer’ than turning back. It was closer, only about half the distance, but he’d neglected to explain that they have to up, over and down Mount Marcy to get there --- and Marcy was one bitch of a hike! He toyed with the idea of just fading away, but soon ruled that out. If he came out without them, Sloan’s men would have his balls!
Besides, part of him still wanted to ‘out-fox the fox’! So, after bandaging Nuts and Donny as best as he could, he shouldered his pack and started up the long trail up Mount Marcy.
But first they had to deal with climbing Panther Gorge.
***


“Hey, Hillbilly”, Tiny wheezed. “Take a fucking break! My legs are killing me!”
Hec cast his wolf-grey eyes back down the trail. Tiny was hanging on to a sapling, rubbing his knee. Sloan was already slumped down on a boulder. Further back, Nuts Wilson was still slugging up the gorge’s steep trail, his head wrapped in a blood stained shirt. Behind him, creeping along like a snail out of its shell, came the kid. Hec hawked up a wad of phlegm. The little shit still wore the red tam, only now you couldn’t tell where the hat left off and the skin began. Hec figured the kid would be lucky if he made it up the Gorge, let alone Marcy.
“See anyone?!”, Sloan croaked.
Hec shook his head. Not since crossing the log footbridge a half hour back had he seen any sign of the three they were after. He fingered the bullet in his pocket. Smart bastard! Leaving that note under the 30/30 shell had shaken them all! ‘Payback’s a bitch!’
“Who the Christ does this guy think he is?!”, Tiny had raged. “The fucking Lone Fucking Ranger?!”
But the messaged had had its intended affect. Every step of the way since then they had expected an ambush. Just a few minutes ago Nuts had shot a tree-stump. Turning his back on the others, Hec started up the trail. They’d follow. They had no choice.
Twenty minutes later the five of them scrambled up a steep draw and left the stunted trees behind. Near 5,000 feet above sea level, the climate was too harsh for anything but rock to grow on the exposed parts. 
A splash of yellow paint and the odd rock cairn were all that marked the mile-long path up the wind-blasted cone of granite. Knowing that now they were the most vulnerable, Hec had them spread out. Creeping forward, weapons ready, they peered into every crevasse, checked behind ever outcropping --- yet they found nothing.
A line from something he vaguely remembered from Miss Fishbeck’s Grade Ten English Literature class. Heck had dropped out half way through and started guiding full time with his father --- but the line had stuck with him down through the years.

‘Revenge is a dish best served cold.’

Heck smiled and wondered if the sly bastard that was leading the ones they were after knew the line. Hec was betting that he did.
They were half-way up the barren summit when the bullet slammed into the rock beside Tiny’s head, chipping off jagged shards that stung his face and neck. The sound of the discharge  reached them a moment later, distant and low, quickly blown away by the wind. Tiny put his hand to his cheek. It came away red.
“Christ! I’m hit!”
Leaving the tall Asian standing half-way up the exposed slope, the other four dropped to the ground. Donny the Geek and Nuts Wilson both fired wildly up into the jagged rocky outcropping fifty yards ahead. Hec grinned. He knew they weren’t there. The bullet had struck before they heard the gun. A long-shot. Probably from somewhere near the top. 


Hec spit. ‘Nice shooting’.
While the others gathered around Sloan, Hec scanned the open slope to the right. The rock dropped away into a scrub-filled gully. His hunter’s eye followed the gully around and down. Panther Gorge lay in that direction; an open, windswept cliff that dropped over a 1,000 feet to the forest below. A rough, steep hump blocked the view from the top. He’d been that way once, and once was enough! But now it seemed he’d have to try it again. They’d beaten him to the summit and now lay waiting, but if he could get around behind them ---
Hec called for Sloan and the others to follow, then slid down into the gully, not much caring if they came or not.
***
“Any sign of them?”, Flame yelled, Earl’s battered .306 cradled in her arm.
Eddy, a dozen yards further up, shook his head.
Flame turned back to Josh. “Looks like you scared the sit out of them, Lover!”
“Maybe. Maybe not.” Josh flipped down the rear sight of his Winchester and glanced around. Eddy, near the summit, commanded a 360 degree view. Josh himself could see the trail over the rocks below him, but the large bulge towards Panther Gorge bothered him. When Sloan and the others started up, they’d be in the open. Unless...
Josh made a sudden dash for the top of the bulge. Flame, cursing, followed. When she got there, Josh was already firing.
“What the...?” Then she saw the flash of a red tam disappearing round a rock shoulder 200 feet below.
Josh was already moving back up the summit. “They’re trying to go around instead of over!”, he yelled. Scooping up his pack, he began jogging down the far side, his back sending shafts of pain down his spine.
Flame and Eddy followed.
“Where will they come out?”, Flame asked, doing her best not to lose her footing on the steep rock.
“They’ll stay in the scrub, maybe even move down into the trees,” Josh replied. “Probably pick up the trail at the Panther Gorge Fork.”
“Then we’ve lost them?”, Eddy growled.
“Not if we get there first!”, Josh hissed, bounding down the rocky path.
***


“Are you sure you know where the Hell you’re going?”, Sloan demanded.
Hec, not bothering to reply, continued to force his way through the scrub. Tiny pine needles stabbed his legs through his thick, twill pants. To the right was a sheer cliff. Clouds floated lazily below him. In the distance a hawk cried out. Hec kept going, ignoring the curses and grunts behind him. He knew that whoever reached the fork at the far side of Panther Gorge would control the only trail down from Marcy; and with or without Sloan, Hec intended to get there first.
He almost made it. 
Leaving the other four to fend for themselves, Hec jogged along the rugged slope and through the thick scrub, cutting the John’s Brook Trail just above the fork. Scanning the upper slopes for and sign of those he hunted, he sprinted down into the stunted trees, confident that he had arrived first. Rounding a large, frost-split boulder however, he came face to face with Flame’s Smith & Wesson.
“Go ahead, asswipe,” she grinned. “Make my day.”
A bit melodramatic, but effective. Hec’s rifle slid to the ground, a resigned grin on his stubbled face.
“No need to get excited, miss,” Hec drawled. “I mean you no harm.”



“Bullshit! You’re probably the bastard that shot Tina!” Flame hissed. And if you’re not you’re still the son-of-a-bitch that led them to us!” She then slammed her gun into Hec’s face. The heavy barrel knocked out what few teeth remained and Hec dropped like a stone.
 Eddy appeared, shotgun in hand, murder in his eye. Prodding the limp form with the stubby barrel, he cursed and drew a knife. Bending down, he yanked Hec’s head back by the hair, exposing his throat.
“Eddy, no!”, Flame cried, reaching for his hand.
Eddy looked up, the glittering blade matching the fire in his eyes. “Why not?”, he hissed. “The bugger would do it to us!”
“Yes he would,” Josh said, coming up to stand beside Flame. “And if you want to be just like him, go ahead, cut his throat. But before you do, think about this. If we start killing in cold blood, what makes us so different from any of them?”
Eddy’s face clouded, his rage and humanity warring within. The knife moved, pressed against Hec’s white throat, then fell away. Eddy stepped back, his shoulders shaking in dry heaves. “I...I loved her!”
Flame took him in her arms, gently stroking the back of his neck. Eddy’s muffled sobs filled the still air. Josh placed a hand on Eddy’s shoulder, then, taking a length of rope from his pack, he turned to Flame.
“Help me get this one tied up and into the trees. The others will be along soon. Eddy, watch the trail.”
Moments later, when Hec was bound and gagged and tied to a tree, they were all back at the large, split rock.
“What now?”, Flame asked. “Wait here and take them like we did the first one?”
Using his light field glasses, Josh peered through the split, searching their back trail. Sloan and Tiny were about halfway down the rocky slope. Nuts Wilson staggered along some distance behind. The red tam was nowhere in sight. “If we can. The third one looks about done in, but the two out front might put up a fight.” He glanced at Eddy, who once again had taken up his shotgun. “We’ll try it again, but be ready.”
***
Sloan was raging. How the hell had the shit hit the fan so fast? Just yesterday he was somebody important. People feared him; jumped when he looked their way. And now, here he was, stuck out in the middle of nowhere, crawling along some god-forsaken mountain; dirty, tired and aching all over. To make matters worse, some crazy asshole was trying to kill him --- and doing a damned good job of it too!
Up ahead, Tiny looked in even worse shape. The big Asian was limping badly, blood still oozing from the flying rock chips when that bastard shot at them. Then there was Nuts Wilson. Good old Nuts, crawling along behind them; already a walking corpse. Sloan looked for the last member of his merry little band, but Donny the Geek was nowhere to be seen. Probably didn’t make it over the last ridge. No big loss there. The little asshole never was worth shit anyway!
Then Sloan saw Tiny waving to him from the base of a gigantic boulder. A weathered signpost leaned beside the trail. Sloan grinned. They’d made it! Now he’d get the fuckers! That bastard Hec too! But first, the two men and the woman! Sloan gripped his Uzi and shuffled forward.
Nearing Tiny, he read the aged signpost. Weathered, overlarge wooden fingers pointed to three trails; right back up to Marcy, left to Haystack and continue on down to J.B. Lodge.
“See anything?”, Sloan asked.
Tiny, the right side of his face awash with blood, hefted his long rifle. “No, but soon as they come into sight, they’re mine!”
Sloan patted his machine-pistol. “This baby needs close range. We’ll take cover behind this giant rock. The first one that comes by is dead meat. You handle any still up the trail.”
Both men grinned and headed around the rock. A hundred yards behind them, Nuts Wilson, his world having shrunk to a silent litany of pain, continued to hobble down the bare rock.
***


Eddy and Flame, waiting on the far side of the house-sized rock, listened to Sloan and Tiny planning their deaths. Josh, already hidden in the stunted trees beside the trail, kept both men in his sights as they wound their way around the massive boulder. Eddy and Flame were to jump the first one, while he moved in behind the second. With any luck there’d be no shooting at all.
(But luck however had something else planned.)
Flame, hidden in the shadowy split of the large boulder, watched as Tiny climbed passed. Sloan, following close behind, nearly browned his shorts when she stepped out beside him and pressed the long barrel of her .44 into his ear. At the same moment, Eddy stood up in the thick scrub and shoved the end of his shotgun into Tiny’s considerable gut.
“Give me a reason, Shit-Face. Please!”
Tiny decided then and there that he was not in a giving mood. Sloan, however, was. He swung his Uzie upwards, pulling the trigger as it rose, shouldering Flame aside at the same time. Nine millimeter slugs stitched their way up the split boulder. Rock-chips and dust filled the air. Flame fell backwards, the deafening boom of her Smith & Wesson going off in the deep crack mingled with the lighter, coughing chatter of the machine-pistol. The back of her head struck the rock and stars exploded inside her brain, followed by a numbing blackness.
His finger still depressing the trigger, Sloan swung the jerking weapon round in a sweeping arc. Two yards in front of him, small holes erupted in Tiny’s back. Punched forward, Tiny pressed against Eddy’s shotgun. The powerful weapon went off, ripping open the large Asian’s stomach but not checking his fall. Eddy and Tiny went down in a tangle of legs, arm and intestines.
Josh, hearing the gunfire, rushed towards the large boulder. What he saw when rounding the corner made his heart leap into his throat. Flame lay in a heap, the back of her head covered in blood. Eddy was also down, frantically trying to get out from under Tiny’s dead weight. Sloan, however, had vanished.
Dropping his rifle, Josh knelt beside Flame and gently cradled her in his arms. Her long, red hair was sticky and damp on one side.
“No!”. The word came out like a moan.
Then a boot struck him hard in his side. Pain lanced through his body. His vision blurred. Blinking back tears, he fought to focus. 
And out from the depth of the shadowy crack stepped Sloan. A vein pulsed on his forehead; a twitch tugged at the corner of his cruel smile. Fierce, savage hate burned in his haggard eyes.
Each man held the other’s gaze, then Sloan slowly raised his Uzi. Smoke still curled from its short, stubby barrel.
“Any last words, asshole?”, Sloan grinned.



Since Flame’s limp body lay against his Beretta, Josh’s hand slid to the Tanto knife at the small of his back. In his heart he knew it was a useless gesture, but he pulled it out anyway.
“Go ahead, tough guy,” Sloan mocked. “Give it a try --- though only a fool brings a knife to a gunfight.”
Josh defiantly held the glittering blade before. Jessie’s ‘gift’ to him from what seemed a lifetime ago; back when the future still held promise and death and killing were but dark, far-off dreams. 
Sloan’s taunting voice cut through such whimsical thoughts. “Nice blade though. Maybe I’ll take it with me to remember you by. After I’ve finished with the red-head. Say, you want to watch?”
Something inside Josh snapped. Moving Flame aside, he lunged to his feet. Another useless gesture, but a needful one just the same. At least now he was off his bloody knees!
The Uzi followed his rise. “Very good!”, Sloan grinned. “You’ve got balls, I’ll give you that. No wonder Hec was scared shitless of you. Where is the old fart anyway? Dead?” Sloan shrugged. “It doesn’t matter. I bagged the ‘Great White Hunter’, not that inbred hayseed.”
Flame moaned and attempted to sit up. Sloan’s hard eyes flicked to her, then back to Josh. “Time to cash in your chips, friend. It’s been a blast.”
Sloan’s left hand gripped his right wrist and the Uzi centered on Josh’s chest. Clutching the knife, Josh readied himself to spring. One final gesture; futile but again, necessary.
As his muscles bunched for the leap, an explosion rent the mountain stillness. In mid-air Josh felt something sizzle by his ear. At the same time he saw Sloan spin around, blood welling from a large hole in his right shoulder. The machine-pistol, set on automatic, sprayed out its lethal contents into the clear, crisp sky. Josh’s leap brought him up against Sloan. While his left hand fended off the lowering gun, his right hand drove the tapered blade under the thick beard and deep into the man’s throat. For several heartbeats they clung together; like two lovers locked in Death’s embrace. Then they sagged to the ground, Josh’s weight driving the blade in up to the hilt.
Sloan’s eyes opened in surprised wonder, then glazed over. The breath that escaped his dead body was carried off by the wind.
Eddy, his legs still pinned by Tiny’s bulk, let his heavy King Cobra fall to his side. It had been one hell of a lucky shot, and now that it was over, he realized how close he’d come to shooting Josh instead. Suddenly he began to shake.
Flame crawled to Josh and hugged him. Together they staggered to their feet. Like a tottering old couple they made their way to Eddy, who had just freed himself from Tiny’s massive corpse.
Eddy looked down at his shirt, glistening with Tiny’s blood and organs. “Christ, what a bloody mess!” Flame laughed, staggered and was forced to sit. Fighting back shock and giddiness, her mind groped at something important, though she couldn’t quite remember what. Then it came to her.
“The others!”, she said, clutching Josh’s arm. “There should be two more!”
Josh moved to the large slit, catching up his 30/30 as he went. Through the top of the wide crack in the boulder he could see a lone figure cautiously approaching some fifty yards away. Higher up and to the left another figure sat slumped against a rock, a splash of bright red on its head. Josh cocked the rifle and raised the it to his shoulder. Behind him, Flame was about to speak, but then stopped herself. Josh knew best.
The Winchester’s report echoed off the surrounding peaks. The closest form jerked, staggered and dropped his gun --- his hands shooting skyward.
“Dun’t shut!”, Nuts Wilson screamed, his words still slurred from having bitten his tongue hours ago. “Fur Chrust sak, dun’t shut!”
Josh fired again, this time striking the rocks on Nuts’ right side. “Turn around and head back up!”, Josh yelled. “And take the other one with you! If I can still see either of you in three minutes, the next one won’t miss!”
Nuts was already moving back up the steep slope, Josh’s words having lent his weary legs wings.
“Nice move, Lover,” Flame beamed. She nodded towards the woods where Hec was still bound and gagged. “What do we do with that one?”
Josh touched her cheek. “That depends on him. But first, let’s see to that cut on your head.”
Twenty minutes later the four of them, Hec included, sat round their small stove at the base of the large rock drinking tea. They’d made a quick meal of soup, salami and tortillas. Hec, his hands now bound in front of him, because of his broken teeth had eaten only the soup. Eddy sat to one side. Clutching his shotgun, he glared at the bearded woodsman. At last Hec put down his empty cup.
“Mighty fine grub,” he drawled. “Always planned to get me one of those hiker stoves. Beats the hell out of a fire.”
Eddy’s brow creased and his hands whitened on the shotgun. Josh frowned at him, then, lighting his pipe, turned to Hec.
“You’re pretty cocky for a man about to die.”
Hec wiped a trickle of blood off his cut lips. “Oh, you aint gonna kill me. If you was, I’d be dead by now.”
“Maybe we just want to stretch it out,” Flame said, casually checking the loads in her Smith & Wesson.
Hec leaned sideways and spit. “Maybe. But I don’t think so. Besides, I got something to trade.”
“Ya?”, Flame said. “What?”
Hec’s eyes creased down to narrow slits. “What I got to say is between me an’ the boss-man. Whores aint for ‘talking’ to.”
Flame and Eddy moved at the same time, yet Josh beat them both. The Tanka knife, retrieved from Sloan’s chest, now pressed against Hec’s throat. Josh’s voice, though deceptively soft, didn’t fool anyone --- especially Hec.
“And just what is it that you have to say?” The tapered point moved slightly. Crimson tears followed in its wake. Hec’s ruined mouth opened to speak, but Josh shook his head. His voice became even softer. “Let me guess. You wanted to tell me that you’ve got men waiting for us at The Garden. Maybe even at John’s Brook Lodge. But we shouldn’t worry, because you know another way out. A secret way that only you can find. Perhaps over the Gothics and along the Great Range? Is THAT what you wanted to say?”
Hec’s weathered face creased into a frown. ‘How did this bastard know?!’ He’d planned to trade the information for his life, even lead them out over the Great Range if he had to! But he already knew!
“How did you know about the others waiting below?”
Josh stood up. “I didn’t. Not for sure. You just confirmed it.”
Hec turned away, all the cocky swagger drained away. “What are you gonna do with me?”, he asked, his voice now small and frightened.
Josh poured himself another cup of tea before answering. “Send you back the way you came. But without your gun, your pack --- or your boots.”
“My boots?”, Hec repeated. “Christ! I can’t walk out of here without boots!”
The look Josh gave him made Hec’s blood run cold. “Oh, a smart man like you’ll find a way. Maybe you can catch up with your two friends. Who knows, their boots might fit.”
Hec squinted up at Josh. “You’re a cold hearted bastard, you know that?”
“So I’ve been told,” Josh said cutting Hec’s legs free. “Now, get moving!”
“What about my hands?”, Hec asked, holding out his still bound wrists.
Eddy, grinning from ear to ear, hauled him roughly to his feet. “Don’t push it, asswipe! If I had my way, you’d end up like your boss over there! Now get those bloody boots off!”
Minutes later Hec was carefully picking his way back up the rocky trail. Josh began packing up the cookware while Eddy went to gather Tiny’s and Sloan’s weapons. Eddy especially wanted the big Asian’s long rifle. Flame watched as Hec’s form diminished in size, then turned to Josh.
“I learned something about you today. Lover.”
“Oh,” he said. “And what’s that?”
Smiling, she bent down and kissed him warmly. “That you really can be one cold hearted bastard when you want to be.”
Josh shouldered his pack. “We all can if pushed to it. Now, let’s head home.”
***
Two days later they came down out of the Great Range, followed a private footpath up to a large log house, took the car keys from a dried up corpse slumped over the kitchen table and drove home. The ride, like most of the last two day walk, was mostly done in silence. Each one seemed lost in their own thoughts. 
Just before suppertime, they came to the stone guardhouse leading into The Shire. They had finally made it back.
***

Chapter 34


Mount Hawthorn
New York August 17

James Phinious Tibbs, better known One Arm, was a happy man. For weeks now he’d been in a red rage ever since the fiasco on Lake Champlain, but today he was grinning from ear to ear. In fact, he was ecstatic; for today he was going to get his revenge.
Behind him came three cars and a jeep, a convoy of newly recruited ‘brothers of chaos’, each and every mother’s son of them was  more than willing to join in this little adventure of rape and pillage.
After fleeing the ‘attack’ at Crown Point, One Arm and what remained of his crew, headed north. The next day the not so good ship Sadistic limped into Plattsburg, where One Arm and a bleeding, half blind Rambo quickly set up shop in a waterfront bar. The three surviving women soon brought in a brisk business and within a week they had found a new crew to take the place of the ones killed by the old farmer. One Arm and Rambo spent their nights drinking and planning their revenge.
Now at last they were ready.
Counting Pete the Prick and the kid, Straw Hair, twelve men now followed them. More than enough to find that old farmer and stamp ‘paid in full’ on his little shit-burg of a town.
Since dawn the convoy, led by a heavy grey garbage truck, had been weaving its merry way down I-85. The truck’s massive front forks easily shoving wrecks aside whenever necessary.
Bruce ‘Rambo’ Chillis sat beside him, absently sharpening his large survival knife. His once handsome face was covered with purple and black blotches, scars from the shotgun blast he had taken three weeks earlier. The patch over his right eye gave him a piratical look, almost rakish, yet there was nothing swashbuckling about this cold-blooded killer. He, like One Arm, lived for just one thing --- revenge.


Just two hours after Josh, Flame, Eddy and the late Tina had entered the High Peaks Region of upstate New York; One Arm, Rambo and their various assortment of miscreants turned off the interstate and headed south-east to Crown Point.
By noon they had found the place where Willard and the little Turk, Sadat, had fired on their yacht. Behind the large boulder Rambo discovered several empty rifle shells. The one-eyed soldier-of-fortune grinned coldly as he picked up one of the spent casings.
Straw Hair, half his left ear missing due to Sadat’s lucky shot, came over and looked at the large shell. “What the fuck was he using? An elephant gun?!”
Rambo held the cartridge up to the sun. “A .444 double load. Either a Sig or a Marlin.”
“Big?”, Straw asked.
Rambo didn’t bother to reply.
A half hour later they found the town of Crown Point to be deserted. One Arm took over a liquor store and sent six men out to scout around. Half a bottle of Rye later Pete and a sour looking Latino called Raoul came back with news that somebody was living in a farm near a little one-horse berg called Mount Hawthorn. It could be the hayseed. Rambo led the reconnaissance himself. By late afternoon they had found the farm.
As the sun began to set, Rambo and three other heavily armed men burst into Willard’s place, each one grimly determined to do murder and mayhem. Alas, save for a cat, the place was empty. Rambo shot the cat.
Standing by the parked vehicles, One Arm watched the scarred cat-killer come back down the long drive. “Well?”, he asked.
Rambo brushed past him and climbed into the cab of the garbage truck. “They must be up at that fucking commune I told you about. The one by the lake.” One Arm grinned. 
Less than fifteen minutes later the convoy stopped beside the little stone gatehouse. 
***


Jim Shell and Nancy, the woman who called herself Jim’s wife, were playing cards inside the little cottage. It was their shift for guard duty, something every adult in the Shire took a turn at. Jim and Nancy had been looking forward to their time alone. Their ‘marriage’ had taken place a week after they’d met. Two lonely survivors of a small town on the Canadian-U.S. border, they had instinctively clung together to stave off the madness all around them. They’d been inseparable ever since. They secretly referred to the little gatehouse as ‘the honeymoon suite’.
At the sound of the approaching motors, Jim looked up, more irritated than alarmed. Moving towards the door, he ignored both the CB and the shotgun that Cobb had insisted be carried by all gatekeepers at the slightest sign of trouble. Stepping outside into the growing dark, he faced a bank of vehicles, all with their high beams trained on the cottage. Blinded by the lights, he died instantly as several bullets ripped through him.
Nancy screamed as Jim’s body was punched back into the tiny room. She was still screaming when Rambo’s tall form darkened her doorway. She didn’t scream for long.
***
The wrought-iron gates crumpled like paper under the truck’s massive weight. The alarm wire connected to bells in the main house half a mile away lasted long enough however to do their job. Mrs. Wang  the Shire’s official ‘housekeeper’ and several of the women glanced up as the bell in the kitchen of the Big House rang briefly. They had just finished dinner and were doing the dishes, the men having gone out on the front porch to smoke and plan the next days activities. Willard had been trying to get Doc to see the advantages of planting corn in the rolling field that led down to the lake. Mrs. Wang sent Betty Sinclair to tell Doc about the bells.
“There’s no need for alarm,” Doc said to the young woman. “Probably just somebody coming back from shopping in town and forgot to unhook the alarm. Might even be the wind or a herd of deer.”
Willard shook his head. “Aint the wind. I watched Saddy close the gates tight when we passed through.”
The little Turk nodded agreement.
Doc frowned at the old farmer, then turned to Tom Leeson. “Tom, its probably a waist of time, but would you and a couple of the men go and check?”
Tom nodded and stood up. The boys, Kenneth and Jessie made to rise, but Brad shook his head. The hound, Og, looked up expectantly, but settled back down on the porch with the boys. Since Princess’s ‘mysteriously’ never returned from her adventure, the much younger dog had stayed as close to the boys as possible. Tom, Fred Perkins and Sadat headed down the road. The little Turk was the only one not carrying a rifle. They hadn’t gotten thirty feet, however, when they saw the line of lights rapidly approaching. All three stopped in their tracks.
Brad, watching from the elevated porch, also so the fast approaching vehicles. “Get back here now!” he yelled at the three men down on the road. “Everyone else, into the house! Doc, sound the alarm!”



As the porch cleared, Gus Kenner, the old lobsterman Josh had brought back from Main, caught hold of Brad’s arm. “Where’s Cobb?”
Brad looked at the plump, balding old man. “Probably up at the boathouse. Why?”
Gus nodded towards the fast approaching lights. “He’s an ex-soldier. We might need him.”
Brad turned to Kenneth and Jessie. “Get Cobb. Fast!”
Both boys leapt into the growing twilight, Og running at their heels.
***
Standing down on the road beside his idling jeep, One Arm shouted through a bullhorn. His voice distorted, causing him to sound  a lot like Darth Vader. “Come out with your hands up and you will not be harmed! Resist us and you will die! You have one minute to decide!”
Like the jeep, the two cars on either side of him had their lights trained on the front of the Big House. The garbage truck, parked off to one side, looked like a dark, wooly mammoth, tusks upturned and ready to charge. Pete the Prick, Straw Hair, Raoul and the others waited anxiously down the line, each one of them fondling their favorite weapon.
Rambo came up beside One Arm, holding a short, slender tube. Grinning around his scarred face, he extended the tube, flicked up the rear sight and lifted the Laws Rocket to his shoulder.
The seconds ticked away.
Straw was at thirty-nine when the rocket went off. There was a sudden coughing sound. Fire belched out of both ends of the tube and the mini-rocket streaked off towards the house. 
Rambo’s aim, though not yet fully accustomed to being one-eyed, still managed to strike the upper story of the building. The resulting explosion blew out the dormer windows and took a good part of the roof with it. Flaming timber and shingles rained down. The grass of the yard began to burn.
“Kee-riste!”, someone exclaimed. “That should bring them out!”
What it brought was a volley of gunfire from the main floor. The attackers scrambled back behind their vehicles, trading shots as they went. One of them was dead on the ground and two others had been wounded.
Inside the house Brad had half of them keep firing while the other half fought the flames. It was clear to all, however, that they had to get out soon or not get out at all.
“The back door!”, Doc Gruber cried. “Quick, before the rest of the roof falls in!”
Brad nodded and all ran for the kitchen. At the back door Mrs. Wang was signing to Mai-Ling, her mute granddaughter, to stay close. Plump Thelma Wiggs took the wide-eyed teenager under her ample arm and Doc Gruber ushered them all out into the night. The rest followed.
They hadn’t gotten thirty feet when what remained of the roof did collapse. Smoke and sparks spiraled up into the summer night. One Arm’s jeep and another car tore around to the back of the burning building. Shouting followed, then shots. Someone cried out and fell. Tom Leeson, running beside Brad, was hit and sprawled on the grass. Brad tried to pull him to his feet but saw the back half of Tom’s head was blown away. Automatic fire began to rake across the field. Up ahead a woman screamed. Brad looked up in time to see Thelma Wiggs fall to her knees. Cursing, he turned and fired his handgun at the approaching vehicles, his Glock Compact’s 9 mm. slugs sounding like angry bees. The left light of the car went out. One Arm’s jeep suddenly swerved, clipped a parked car and came to an abrupt stop. Brad, down on one knee, continued to fire till the Glock ran dry. Suddenly Willard was tugging at his arm. There was blood on the old farmer’s face. “Come on, Brad! Into the trees!”
Then a loud rumble reached their ears. Wide-eyed, they watched as the massive garbage truck smashed through the burning side of the building and continue on straight for them, chunks of flaming wood caught in its long forks. Willard yanked Brad to his feet and they ran.
***
Behind the wheel of the big truck, Rambo grinned. The flames turned his scarred face into a demon’s mask. Stomping down on the accelerator, he aimed his deadly beast at the two running men. Then the windshield suddenly shattered, spraying him with glass. His one eye momentarily blinded, he groped for the door handle, thrust it wide and jumped. The truck swerved to the left, flattened a small pump house and slammed into an ancient pine, its rear wheels still churning up the sod. 
Back at the jeep the man beside One Arm suddenly spun around and fell at his leader’s feet. One Arm saw a large hole in the man’s chest. A moment later a heavy caliber bullet slammed into the hood of the car he was hiding behind. He dropped to the ground a second before another blew out both side windows.
“Get that asshole!”, he screamed.
A bearded man named Sal turned and yelled: “What asshole?” Before One Arm could reply, Sal was on his ass in the grass, looking down at his intestines. He only got a quick glance, however, for another shot hit him right between the eyes.
Rambo was up and running; a red blur filling his good eye, a red rage filling his heart. “Bastards!”, he cursed. “Fucking bastards!” He reached the back of his jeep and fumbled for the heavy Heckler & Koch Rotating Machinegun. Tossing the belt of armor-piercing shells over his shoulder, he hefted the large gun, its weight feeling like a lover in his arms. 
“Soup’s on!”, he growled.
One Arm crawled over to him, sweat and fear glistening on his stubbled face. “I saw a muzzle flash! Up there by those trees to the right!”
Rambo grinned into the darkness. The blaze behind them cast its hellish flames over the cluster of pines two hundred feet in front of the jeep. As they watched they saw several more flashes. Two small and one big. Off to the left another of their men went down.
The H & K began to speak, its voice a throaty roar. Every fifth round was a tracer bullet that streaked off into the night like an angry god’s thunderbolts. The heavy, fifty caliber bullets struck the grove of pines and ripped it asunder. Bark flew, branches fell and, embedded in the trunks, the phosphorous tracer rounds burnt like a Roman candles.  Small fires started at the base of several trees. The smell of cordite mingled with ashes and soot. One Arm giggled like a demented fool as Rambo sprayed out his rain of death.
***
In the trees, Cobb shoved both boys to the ground and covered them with his own body. Luckily they were in a slight depression. The whine of the tracer shells roared by just inches above his head. The hound, Og, lay trembling beside him. Branches fell. The pine needles caught fire. The barrage seemed to last forever. When at last it was over, Cobb rolled off the boys and grabbed his M-4 Carbine. Clearing dirt from the night-scope, he crept to the lip of the depression and peered through. What he saw made him groan out loud. Two men in an open truck were racing towards a group of people being herded along by several armed men!
“What is it?”, Jessie demanded. Kenneth, his ears still ringing, knelt beside him.
“They’ve captured a bunch of us,” Cobb said.
“My dad?!”, Kenneth shouted.
“No. Mostly women.”
“Shoot the bastards!”, Kenneth yelled.
Cobb turned and looked at the young men. “Their too close together now for a clear shot. Moving around too much. We’ll have to wait.”
Kenneth’s face twisted into an angry grimace. “Wait, hell! Mai-Lings out there!” Then he was up and running, his .22 target pistol in his hand. Jessie went to follow but Cobb pulled him back.
“Let me go! I can’t let Ken ---!”
“You can’t help him now!”, Cobb hissed.
Jessie continued to struggle and Cobb hit him. The youth sagged back, unconscious. Cobb hefted his carbine and sought a clear target as Kenneth continued to run towards the large group now being herded into the truck..
Bobby Stewart and Gloria Ambrose had been out for a little romantic paddle in the lake when the shooting started. By the time they were half-way back the main house was on fire. Gloria groaned and Bobby cursed, then they both doubled their efforts to reach shore.
“Are you armed?”, Bobby yelled.
Gloria, dressed in her best summer dress, one she hoped Bobby would find attractive, shook her head.
Bobby swore again. He had his .357, but by the sound of it, whoever was attacking the main house was using bloody cannons! Grounding the canoe on the beach, Bobby was out and running before Gloria was even standing.
“Bob-eee!”, she yelled.
“Ah, shit!”, Bobby exclaimed, running back and taking her hand. Ever since Trina had made it clear that she was more interested in Eddy than she was in him, Bobby had been down in the dumps. Then, about a week ago, he noticed that the scraggly punk with the shaved head wasn’t looking so scraggly. Mrs. Wang had taken her under her wing and Thelma Wiggs had gotten her interested in dressmaking. She’d washed the pink shit out of her hair and put on a little weight. To Bobby’s way of thinking, in all the right places too! One night last week he’d ‘asked her out for a walk’. They’d been hanging out ever since. He hadn’t gotten too far; just copped a feel a few times, but nothing more. Tonight was going to be the night. After the canoe ride in the moonlight, Bashful Bobby was planning to make his move.
Now this shit!
“Alright, come on!”, he said, pulling her up the bank. “But stay close behind me!”
As they ran through the trees they could see the main house going up like a torch. In the field between them and the fire, Bobby saw a group of people clustered around a large open truck. He was too far way to make them all out, but he did recognize Doc’s gray hair and Mrs. Wang’s slight form. Mai-Ling was also there, along with several other women. Armed men were shoving them into the back of the vehicle.
Then he saw someone break from what was left of a smoldering grove of pines and run right at the bunch. Whoever it was yelling and waving a gun.
“Kenneth!”
“What?”, Gloria asked.
Bobby dropped her hand and started sprinting to intercept the young fool. He almost made it. With only five yards between them, Kenneth suddenly threw his arms up in the air and fell. Unaware of the bullets flying all around him, Bobby dropped to his knees and cradled Kenneth’s head in his arms. He’d been hit in the chest several times.
“Oh, Christ!”, he moaned, rocking the dead boy, clutching his lifeless body, speaking to him like a mother would her child. “Oh, you’ve done it now! What’s Brad going to say? And Mr. Williams?! He told me to look after the both of you!”
Then someone screamed. A girl’s voice. ‘Gloria!’ He turned in time to see two men dragging her back toward the others. ‘She must have followed me!’ He fumbled for his gun. Like someone caught in a dream gone sour, he brought the heavy weapon up. ‘Too fucking close!’ a voice inside his head screamed. He fired anyway. Over their heads to scare them away.
It didn’t. Hearing a sound, he turned in time to see two others running toward him. As he raised his gun, one of their heads suddenly exploded. The sight shocked him. “This can’t be happening!”, he muttered.
Then the second man was on him. Something heavy slammed against his ear and the lights went out. The nightmare, however, was far from over.
***
In a corner of the Old Mill, Alisha Lock cringed in terror, trying to get away from the two men who now pawed and slapped her. The one with hair the color of moldy straw held her arms while the other groped insider her blouse. Curled up on the floor, her mind turned inward, seeking a place far away from this terrible reality.
***
After leaving Cobb’s place over the boathouse, Alisha had taken a walk along the stream. She needed to be alone; to think things through. She’d been attracted to the handsome stranger ever since Cobb joined the community; hanging around him, asking him questions. She’d even started cooking for him now and then. He’d been polite, but nothing more. At supper tonight she’d finally made her feelings clear. 
So had he. ‘Thanks, but no thanks.’ 
Oh, he hadn’t used those exact words. He’d sighed and patted her hand and mumbled something about a ‘wife and kids’ and how the ‘memories were still too fresh’. ‘Hell! Did he think that he was the only one who had ever lost someone? What about me?!’ The memory of driving to her parents’ house and finding them both crumpled heaps in their bed still haunted her!
“But that’s all the more reason for us to cling together!”, she had told him. “In a world gone crazy, that’s all we really have left!”
He’d smiled and turned away. “Maybe later, Jenny. Right now it’s just too soon.”
Alisha had left then, trying unsuccessfully to hold back the tears. The lights of the mill had drawn her and the sound of the stream had soothed her --- until the shooting started. In a kind of waking nightmare she had watched the Main House go up in flames, then she’d ran into the mill. Gustoph Muller, the German baker who ran the mill, was lying on the floor in a pool of blood. Then two men had stepped out of the shadows.
***
Straw Hair giggled as Vince ripped away Alisha’s bra. “Nice jugs!” Vince grunted, warming to his work. Alisha retreated further and further. After the double rape, the two men briefly debated what to do with her. Straw was for cutting her throat, but Vince wanted to bring her along.
“After all,” he reasoned. “One Arm said he wanted all the young ones alive. Trade goods. Besides,” he grinned slyly. “I think I’m in love.”
They both laughed, Straw's giggle high and wild.
“Okay, but I get first dibs on her!”
Vince winked. “Stand in line, buddy-boy. Stand in fucking line.”
Together they dragged the almost comatose girl out of the mill. Behind them Gustave Muler groaned and rolled on his side.
***

“What a royal fuck-up!”, One Arm snarled. Clutching Mai-Ling to him as a shield, he looked around and saw that half of his men were missing. They had a bunch of prisoners, mostly women, but someone was still killing anyone fool enough to be caught out in the open.
“Get the women loaded!”, Rambo yelled, keeping Mai-Ling between himself and the half leveled pine grove.
Doc Gruber stepped up to him.
“You can’t do this!”
“Ya? And who-the-fuck’s going to stop me? You?” Without a warning he drew his pistol and slammed it into the side of Doc’s head. As the old man sank to the ground, Betty Sinclair turned and clawed at his face. Rambo casually shot her in the head. At the same time Mrs. Wang broke away from her captor and rushed towards her frightened granddaughter. 
The frail old lady was roughly shoved to the ground. Sobbing, she crawled towards Doc’s unconscious form.
“You heard him!”, One Arm roared as he herded Mai-Ling into the back of the jeep. “Get ‘em loaded!”
***
As Gloria Ambrose was pushed into the back of a truck, she lashed out with her foot, catching her bearded captor in the chin. He staggered back, giving Cobb a clear shot. Cobb didn’t miss and Gloria was out of the truck in an instant. She disappeared into the night just as Vince and Straw Hair, dragging Alisha between them, reached the group. As they dumped Alisha in with Mai-Ling, Cobb’s rifle spoke again and Vince suddenly pitched forward with a large hole in his chest. The driver of the truck leaned out the window and wanted to know ‘what the fuck was taking so long?!’ Cobb gave him an answer in the form of a bullet through the neck. The hollow point round punched the driver back into the cab, leaving a rather startled yet somewhat whimsical look on his face.
One Arm swore and, deciding to cut his losses, scrambled into his jeep. Rambo fired blindly into the night. When the .45’s clip was empty, he jumped in with One Arm. Alisha and Mai-Ling lay bound in the back seat. One Arm sped off into the night, the two remaining vehicles right behind them. The truck, with its captured cargo and dead driver, did not. 
Once past the burning building the would be attackers were swallowed up by the darkness. Those left behind looked around in stunned silence.
***

Chapter 35


Mount Hawthorn
New York State, August 18th

Doc Gruber, his face swollen from where Rambo had hit him, downed his drink. “You’ll both probably get yourselves killed, you know that?”
Cobb sat staring out at the lake, his own drink untouched. It was a dull, grey dawn, suitable to his mood. Bobby, nursing a large bruise of his own, sat on the edge of his chair.
Doc turned to Cobb. “You were both a soldier  and a policeman. You know the danger of confronting these killers. Hell, we don’t even know what direction they went!”
Cobb looked at the kindly old man. “The garbage truck has ‘City of Plattsburg’ on it. The man I interrogated said they have a base there.”
Doc sighed deeply. “Well then, I suppose you must go. But just the two of you? If you took more men ---”
“They’d only slow us down,” Cobb put in. “Besides, there’s not many left to take.”
“What about Brad? I gave him a sedative, but when he wakes up --- ”
Again Cobb cut the older man off. “Brad just saw his son murdered in front of him, he has a bullet in his shoulder and he’s needed here. Along with Josh, the two of you are what holds this community together.”
Doc nodded sadly. “I just wish Josh was here.”
“So do I,” Cobb said. “But he isn’t and we can’t wait around for him. If we want to get those girls back alive and whole, Bobby and I have to leave now.”
“Not without me you aren’t,” a voice said. Three set of eyes turned towards the door. “And if you do, I’ll just follow ---and if you hit me again, Cobb, I’ll hit back.”


For a moment Doc thought he heard the father, not the son. But it was Jessie, not Josh, that stood in the doorway. He looked older than his seventeen years. Much older. Cobb held the youth’s defiant gaze, noted his cool, controlled stance. He’d seen that look on men’s faces before, and always chosen them to watch his back. Josh may not like it, but Jessie had earned the right to go. Kenneth had been this young man’s best friend as well as his cousin. Besides, Cobb knew he’d have a hell of a time stopping him.
“Jessie”, Doc said through a sigh. “Your father wouldn’t want you to.---”
“You’re right, Doc”, the tall youth cut in. “My father wouldn’t want me to go. He’d probably even forbid it. But I’d still go anyway. Ken was like my brother. His killers are going to pay for what they did here. Also, we have to get those women back. ” This last was said calmly, without boasting or bravado --- just a simple statement of fact.
“Okay,” Cobb said. “Get your gear.”
Jessie turned and lifted a pack he had left just outside the door. A 30/30 Marlin was strapped to its side. “I’ve got it.”
Bobby gave Jess the thumbs up sign. Doc slowly shook his head.
A few minutes later the three left The Shire in an landrover, the back filled with food, camping gear and a large number of weapons.
***
When One Arm’s rag-tag convoy of one jeep and two cars roared off into the night, they had fled northward, taking any road that led them away from Mount Hawthorn. As a result, they soon got lost. By the time they made it back to the main road, other problems had arisen. With two of the five men he had left wounded, wrecked cars blocking the roads and the bloody jeep overheating, One Arm had stopped for the night at a small motel outside the town of Essex. Though he didn’t know it, he was only twenty-three miles north of Crown Point. He’d planned to get new wheels and an early start the next morning, but once inside the motel, one drink had led to another and by dawn he and his remaining merry men were snoring off a drunken stupor. Mai-Ling and Jenny had been left tied up in the jeep.
At quarter past eight the next morning they were still there when Cobb, Bobby and Jessie came along. Bobby saw the two girls and, unable to believe their luck, started to yell out, but Cobb silenced him with a look. He then cut the motor and let the landrover roll to a stop on the edge of the road.
“Could be a trap,” he whispered, reaching for his rifle. “They might be using the girls as bait. Bobby, take the shotgun and get behind that Buick. Cover the front doors. Jessie, you sneak up to the jeep and cut the girls loose. Move up behind the jeep and keep them quiet. I’ll cover you from here. Once we have them we’ll quietly leave ”
“But we can take them all right now!”, Bobby said. “They deserve it!”
Cobb nodded towards the motel. “There’s eight or ten rooms down there. Do you know how many men there are and which rooms they’re in? I don’t. If we get caught in a firefight and we all loose.” 
Bobby didn’t like it, but he saw the logic and nodded. Jessie was already creeping towards the jeep; knife in one hand, a Browning 9 mm. in the other. He’d switched his .22 target pistol for the heavier semi-automatic. Cobb had noted the change, but figured the young man could handle it.
***
When the landrover appeared on the road behind them, Alisha thought she was dreaming. She ached all over; her wrists, her legs and her groin from where those animals at the mill had raped her. When she saw Jessie approaching, a whimper of joy escaped her bruised lips.
Jessie made a sign for Alisha to keep quiet, and soon he was cutting both young women them. Mai-Ling’s eyes had widened with joy when she saw him, her pretty face lighting up. He squeezed her hand, then led them quickly back to the landrover.
They were half-way there when a man dressed in a bloodstained t-shirt and boxer shorts opened the door of #5. He stood scratching his stomach, squinting into the morning sun. Then he saw Jessie and the girls.
“Hey!”, he yelled, taking a step forward.
From the landrover, Cobb squeezed the trigger of assault rifle. The M-4 had a thirty round clip and could fire at single, a burst of three and full auto. Cobb only needed one shot. The built in baffle made a sound like a cough, yet the 5.56 mm. hollow-point slug punched the man back through the open doorway. “Shit!”, Cobb swore, flicking the setting from single-shot to triple-burst.
The rest happened fast. Jessie and the girls sprinted for the landrover. Another man appeared in the doorway. Bobby fired quickly. Too quickly. He missed the man but blew a hole in the door. Someone yelled. Shots were fired. The window in #7 shattered and automatic fire raked the parkinglot. Bobby cut loose again with the 12 gage,  fired four shots then ducked down to reload. The Buick he was behind was hit from several angles. More glass shattered. Jessie pushed Mai-Ling behind the landrover, then turned and fired his Browning as Alisha sprinted past him. Cobb switched to the tear-gas launcher under the M-4’s main barrel.
The first shell went through the already smashed window of #7, the second through the open door of #5. Some sporadic firing continued, then petered out. A smell like rotten eggs filled the air as whitish-yellow smoke leaked out the windows and doors. Cobb ordered everyone into the landrover, then handed Jessie his assault rifle.
“Slow and steady, Jess. It’s on triple burst. Just keep them pinned down.” The large tires spun gravel as Cobb drove towards the Buick. Bobby climbed in just as Jessie emptied the clip. Bobby had time for a parting blast before the vehicle hit the pavement and sped back the way it had come.
***
His good eye streaming tears of rage, Rambo came out the riddled door of #7 with the Uzi on full Rock ‘n Roll. Hot, 9 mm. led sprayed out in a killing arc across the parking lot--- yet there was no-one there to kill. He kept firing anyway, drowning out the cries and coughs of the men behind him. Two spilled out of #5’s holed door. Both were gasping from the tear gas. Straw hung in the doorway, his face the color of a dead fish. One Arm crawled past him on his knees, puking up last night’s Scotch. Rambo tossed the now empty machine pistol away and stood glaring at the empty road. The look in his one good eye was a long way from friendly.
***
By ten o’clock the landrover was once again passing the stone gatehouse that marked the beginning of The Shire. Minutes later Mrs. Wang had her granddaughter in her arms, tears of joy running down her lined face. The others gathered round to welcome back both the kidnapped women and their rescuers, each one eager to hear just how they had pulled off the impossible so quickly.
***
Two days later Josh, Flame and Eddy returned.
After an excited reunion and the following feast, Josh and Doc sat talking on the large patio overlooking the lake. Doc seemed far from happy.
“Fist Cobb, now you! Christ, Josh, we got them back! Why can’t you leave it at that?!”
“Because they won’t.” Josh’s voice had taken on a soft, sharp tone that sent shivers up the older man’s spine.
“But why, Josh? What makes men like that hate so much?” Doc asked.
“Because their warped, macho code demands it. ‘Take what you want, an eye for an eye and revenge at all cost’.”
Doc shuddered. “That’s sick!”
Josh sighed. “I agree, but that doesn’t make it any less true. Teaching history was my life’s work, Doc, and I loved it dearly --- teaching not just the ‘what’ happened but the ‘why’ it happened --- but most of the time the ‘why’ came down to either greed or a desire for revenge. It always was that way and sadly, it always will be. So Doc, we can either sit here waiting for them to return, or we can take the fight to them. At least my way we’ll have surprise on our side.”
The old man looked keenly at the younger one sitting with him in the fading rays of the setting sun. “Are you sure, Josh, that you don’t have another reason?”
“Like what?”
Doc drew a deep breath. “Oh, I don’t know. Maybe some ‘macho’ feelings of your own? Before the world went crazy you’ve told me that you also taught literature as well as history. Myths, legends and the ‘classics’ were as much your stock and trade as what happened in 1066 and who won the Battle of Culloden.” Doc paused and dug out his old Briar pipe. 
“I may be just an old country vet, but I’ve seen my share of John Wayne and Clint Eastwood movies. I’ve also seen that rifle you carry and I’ve heard Eddy and a few of the others refer to you as ‘The Duke’. It could be that a small part of you is living out some macho legend of your own?”



Josh sighed deeply, sat back and took out his own pipe. In silence they both shared some of the older man’s tobacco.  When were puffing away, Josh turned and smiled. “I guess it could be, Doc. But then it could also be that you’re full of shit.”
Doc grinned. “You are far from the first, my friend, to make such an astute observation.”
Josh’s smile widened. “Even if what you say is true, it doesn’t change the fact that they will be back. I won’t live in fear and I won’t run away. If that sounds like a line from some old movie to you, then I’m sorry.”
Doc shook his head. “A man’s gotta do what a man’s gotta do’, eh? Well, a person could have a worse motto to live by. Good luck to you then.”
Just then Flame and Jessie joined them. Jessie, the bruise all but faded where Cobb had hit him, moved quietly to his father. Even the buxom red-head seem subdued by the catastrophe that had taken place three days earlier.


Jessie spoke to his father. “Uncle Brad is still out there.”
Since the funeral, Brad had spent most of his time at his son’s grave. Doc had tried to get him to stay in bed, saying his shoulder could easily get infected, but Brad had paid little heed. It was almost as if he didn’t care.
Josh sighed and stood up. “I’ll go talk to him.”
***
The five graves, all achingly fresh, were out back of what remained of the main house. Willard had suggested stones be placed over the earth to discourage animals. With humans being almost eliminated from the area, the number of coyotes and other predators was rapidly on the rise. Five stone cairns now rose up above the swaying grass. Brad, sitting in a lawn chair, kept a silent vigil.
“He’d not want this, Brad.”
The hunched form made no reply.
The two men gazed at the stacked stones, remembering the past. After a while Josh turned and knelt beside his cousin. The bandages on Brad’s shoulder were stained red.
Brad looked up, his eyes dark hollows of despair. “Why, Josh? He was only a child. Why?”
Josh stiffened, suddenly angry, his voice suddenly cold. “Because they like killing. It makes them feel good, tough, invincible. But they aren’t, Brad. They can die like the rest of us. Cobb proved that.”
Something that might have once passed for a smile moved quickly across Brad’s face. Josh though, knew it to be a grimace of pain that had nothing to do with his wound.
“It’s not just Kenneth. It’s Jim Shell, Marcy, Thelma. Christ! Tom Leeson died in my arms! And now you tell me that Trina’s gone! Sweet Jesus, it’ll never end!” His eyes narrowed and he sucked in a ragged breath. “They’ll be back, won’t they?” he asked, letting the air out in a long hiss. “Sooner or later they’ll come back.”
Josh held his cousin’s gaze. “Yes, Brad, I believe they will. But not if we get them first. Come morning, I’m heading up to Plattsburg.”
Brad held his cousin’s gaze for several heartbeats. “You’re serious about this?”
Josh nodded toward the graves. “I don’t think we have a choice.”
The silence between them stretched out like a living thing. Then Brad placed a hand on Josh’s shoulder. “Cities are bad, Josh. Remember what Boston was like? Mobs! Fires! People hanging from lampposts! You get caught up in that and you’ll be as dead as Kenneth!”
 From out in the lake came the plaintive cry of a loon. Josh drew a deep breath of his own, his voice a whispered confession. “I can’t just sit here waiting.”
Several moments passed before Brad spoke, when he did, his voice held some of his old bounce. “Besides Flame and Cobb, who else is going? Eddy? Bobby?”
Josh nodded. “Jessie’s coming too.”
Brad tried to rise but couldn’t. His shoulder wound started bleeding again. Their eyes met. “Looks like I’ll have to sit this one out. Be careful, cousin. We’ve both already lost enough.”
***
All of the survivors were up to see them off. Alisha hugged Cobb, then turned reluctantly away. Mai-Ling kissed Jessie lightly on his cheek, making the young man blush. Mrs. Wang embraced each of them, then handed Bobby a large box of bake-goods she’d prepared. Willard hefted a cooler filled with frozen venison stakes onto the back of the towtruck.
“Those should last you near a week. You’ll be back by then.”
Everyone smiled, but no-one really believed it. Josh had told Doc and Brad privately that if they didn’t find them in Plattsburg, they’d keep looking. “After all,” he’d said; “a one armed man and another with an eyepatch shouldn’t be that hard to find. We’ll try to be back before the snow flies.”
Doc nodded agreement and shook the younger man’s hand --- but deep in his heart the old vet feared that he’d never see any of them ever again.
An hour after sunrise, the small caravan was on the road. In the lead was Josh’s new red Westfalia, followed by Eddy’s blue van. Bobby’s towtruck --- with Flame’s Harley bolted on a make-shift platform on the back --- brought up the rear.

The ‘hunted’ had become the ‘hunters’.

‘Well the stage was set the sun was sinkin' low down,
As they came to town to face, another showdown.
The lawmen cleared the people from the streets.
All you blood-thirsty bystanders, better try to find a seat!’

(The Eagles ‘Desperado’ album, 1973)
***

Chapter 36



Plattsburg 
Upstate New York
August 23

The bartender, one Benny Weinstein, looked up as One Arm came through the tavern’s fancy front door. A drunk, either an early starter or someone left over from the night before, was standing none too steadily in the way. One Arm shoved him roughly aside and stepped up to the bar. Benny frowned briefly, faked a smile and handed the sour faced bastard a bottle.
For the first three weeks after the Death Winds had blown The Plague across the face of planet, this roadhouse on the outskirts of Plattsburg had been Benny’s own little kingdom. He had gathered a number of survivors, including several women, and decided to ‘open for business’. He’d even painted a sign to hang out front. Being a life long James Bond fan, he had christened the place ‘Pussy Galore’. 
He’d found a large blow up poster of the actress laying back seductively in the hay waiting for James to ‘do his thing’ in an artsy-fartsy ‘gift shop’ and hung it over the bar. Most people that came it either didn’t know who either ‘Pussy Galore’ or Honor Blackman was/were --- or they just didn’t give a shit --- but Benny did, and that was all that really counted.
Then, a little over a week ago, One Arm and that cold bastard Rambo had showed up and Benny’s little kingdom had quickly crumbled; so much so that now he considered himself lucky to just be alive.
“Jesus, Boss, you look like hell,” Benny said, attempting to face some concern. “How did things go with those hayseeds you went after?”
After a long pull on the bottle, One Arm turned to the balding bartender. “Shut the fuck up and get me something to eat!”
Benny forced a smiled. One Arm was a real asshole, but he was one mean bastard of an asshole. Benny figured that, despite be deposed from his ‘self made little kingdom’, he had it soft here compared to most other survivors, and had no desire to be back out on the road. If that meant taking a little abuse now and then, he could live with that.
“Benny’s right, Tough Guy,” a female voice said. “You do look like hell. Come upstairs and let me get you cleaned up.”
One Arm took another drink, managing to give the speaker ‘the finger’ at the same time. The woman rewarded him with her most come hither smile; the one reserved for the most powerful and dangerous shitheads. She called herself Easy-Lay Fay, and though the spring of her life had long since come and gone, in that low-cut dress, push up bra and all that paint, she still didn’t look half bad. Looks aside, Fay ran the other girls at the ‘Pussy Galore’ like a master-drill-sergeant, keeping them turning tricks almost as fast as Benny served his watered down whiskey. Of course, with all forms of money now a thing of the past, all ‘payment’ had to be done on the barter system. Things traded, work done, blow-jobs given --- that sort of thing. Fay was even better at it than Benny.
Just then Rambo came in. Straw Hair trailed behind him like an anorexic shadow. They walked past a beefy looking man with no neck sitting behind the door. Bruiser the Bouncer they called him. Bruiser wasn’t too long on smarts, but he could pound the piss out of any three men at the same time without working up a sweat. One Arm let him sleep out back for services rendered. Rambo kicked the half risen drunk aside, grabbed a bottle from Benny and stalked past One Arm into the back room. The door slammed shut. 
Fay turned to Straw Hair. “What the fuck happened to you boys, Runt?”



Straw, his beady eyes already devouring one of Fay’s girls lounging around in her underwear, reluctantly met the older woman’s gaze.
“We got the shit kicked out of us, that’s what! And don’t call me Runt! Where’s Sally?”
“Upstairs with a John. Where’s the rest of your bunch?”
Straw started towards the stairs. “Dead. Who’s Sally with?”
“The Pope! For Christ sake, Runt, you had over a dozen men with you!”
Straw turned on her, his mouth a grim slash. “You fucking deaf, Bitch? They’re all dead! And I told you not to call me Runt!” His hand went to the knife at his side, but before it was half-way drawn, Fay had a silver-plated Derringer pressed against his temple.
 “Go on, Prick-Face,” she said coldly. “Make my fucking day!”
Straw stood perfectly still, a line of sweat forming on his upper lip. It was only a shitty little .22, but he’d seen Fay splatter a John’s brains with it just a week ago, and the memory of that gray matter dripping slowly down the walls was suddenly very vivid. His hand itched to draw the knife, but as the hammer on the little pop-gun clicked back, he decided he wanted his own brains exactly where they were --- thank you very much!
He’d deal with the old bitch later!
***
When Straw backed away, the people in the bar breathed a sigh of relief --- Fay included.  Even Bruiser the Bouncer relaxed. One of the girls came up to Straw and whispered in his ear. A moment later he was chasing her upstairs. One Arm, now half-way through the bottle, handed it to Fay. She slid the Derringer into her ample cleavage and took a long pull.
“Christ, Fay! I should have brought you along instead of that bunch of limp dicks! You got more balls than the lot of ‘em!”
Fay grinned. “Feel like checking that out, Tough Guy?”
One Arm looked her up and down. “Why the fuck not?!”
Benny breathed easier as Fay led the one armed psycho up the stairs --- then yelled at Bruiser to throw the bloody drunk out into the street!
***
Josh and his ‘crew’ arrived at Benny’s bar by mid-afternoon on the third day. They could have made it sooner, but both Josh and Cobb wanted to ‘check things out’ before showing themselves. They’d gotten directions to the ‘Pussy Galore’ from the few people hanging round the Plattsburg waterfront. Now, parked near a wharf a few blocks away, they made their plans. Lake Champlain’s blue waters glistened behind them. Eastward across the lake the White Mountains and the Presidentials thrust themselves heavenwards through the summer haze --- a few even still had patches of a lake spring snowstorm on their shadowed, western slopes.
Cobb pointed at the rough sketch he’d made on a scrap of paper. “Two out front, two out back. Two go inside. Either way they run, we have them.”
Eddy shook his head. “But what if they don’t run? The two inside could be killed while the rest of us just sat outside waiting.”
Josh leaned forward. “How about this. Two go in and sit down. Act like customers. A few minutes later two more come in and stay by the door. That way there’s four of us inside. The other two can watch the back.”
Jessie sighed. “And I suppose that I’m one of the watchers?”
Flame ruffled the boy’s long blond hair. “You’re waaay too young to drink, Jessie. Besides, someone’s got to look after Og.”
The hound’s head lifted at the sound of its name.
Cobb shrugged. With a well trained team, his plan was the best. But this was a far call from a ‘trained team’. “Sounds good to me,” he said. “Now, who goes where?”
“Eddy and I go in first,”, Josh said. “You and Flame follow. Bobby goes round back with Jess.”
They all nodded, checked their weapons and left the van. Jess, Og and Bobby went up the alley beside the bar. The other four crossed the street and walked towards the front door.
“We’ll wait right outside for a few minutes,”, Cobb said, “then we’ll come in quietly, one on each side of the door, our backs to the wall. That is unless something goes wrong.  Either gunfire or one of you yells ---”
 ‘I don’t give a shit’, Eddie said with a smile. “Josh likes that one and it’s worked before!” He smiled and then checked the loads on his shotgun he had slung under his long coat.
Flame moved up closer to Josh. “Watch yourself, Lover. These are real mean bastards. You carrying enough firepower?”
Josh gently touched her cheek, smiled and showed her Snake’s heavy Rugger .44 Super Redhawk stuck in his belt. That and the Berretta in his shoulder holster, a .32 in the small of his back and a snub-nosed .38 strapped to his ankle seemed more that enough. 
Then he and Eddy stepped through the door.
***
The smell hit them first. Stale smoke, cheap liquor and unwashed bodies. Though still bright outside, inside was dim and the room seemed to gather in the shadows. Above the bar a Colman lantern cast out its harsh, white light. The tables held guttering candles. Several people moved about, most of them half-naked girls. From a battery powered stereo The Stones cranked out ‘Satisfaction’.
“What’ll it be, gents?”, a male voice asked. Josh saw a balding man grinning at them from behind the bar. A girl of about thirteen materialized at Eddy’s arm.
“A bottle of Vodka and a quiet table,”, Josh replied.
Benny’s eyes narrowed. “What’ve you got to trade?”
“What’ll you take?”
Benny pointed to a large, hand painted sign over the bar.

TAKEN IN TRADE

GUNS, DRUGS
& PUSSY!!!

COINS, WHEELS &
AMO ALSO ACCEPTED

ABSOFUCKINGLOOTLY
NO PAPER MONEY, CREDIT
OR ASSHOLES ACCEPTED!!!

“The girls might take jewelry,”, Benny grinned. “Bracelets, rings, shit like that, but for booze  and a bed I’ve got to follow the sign.”
Josh drew the Super Red Hawk and hefted it. Benny’s eyes widened at the sight of the mini-cannon. 
“What will you give me for this?” Josh asked, laying the large revolver on the bar.
“Christ!” Benny exclaimed. “For that you get a room for the night, a couple of bottles of booze and a half dozen blow-jobs!”
Josh shoved the long revolver back in his belt and took out the  much smaller .32. The deadly little weapon gleamed in the harsh light. “Let’s start with a bottle and something to eat for now. I’ll let you know about the rest later.”
“Sure thing,” Benny grinned, already thinking of what he could trade for the big Red Hawk. Guns were fast becoming scarce, and a piece like that could buy a hell of a lot of jolt!
“We’re looking for a friend of ours,” Josh said as Benny produced a half full bottle of Vodka and two dirty glasses.
“Ya? What’s his name?” The .32 quickly vanished off the bar.
“He’s a big guy,” Eddy put in, his grip tightening on the shotgun under his raincoat. “Wears a patch over one eye. You seen him around? Travels with a one armed fella.”
Benny’s smile vanished quicker than the .32 had. He glanced over quickly at Bruiser. The sitting mountain shuffled slowly to his feet. “Maybe,” Benny said. “Who wants to know?”
Josh laid the heavy .44 back on the table. “Like I said, an old friend. The one eyed fella  likes guns. This one’s for him.”
Benny took a breath and made an effort to relax. One Arm was bad enough, but Rambo made his skin crawl! “Well he’ll sure as shit  will like this one! Rambo will get a hard soon as he sees it!”
Josh smiled. “That’s Rambo alright. Loves his guns. Is he around?”
Benny waved Bruiser back to his seat then pointed at a door at the far end of the bar. “But he aint in a good mood. Been drinking for two days straight. My boss, the one armed guy you mentioned, had some trouble down south a few days back.” Benny leaned down and dropped his voice. “Some farmers blasted the hell out of ‘em. The boss needs some new men. You two look like you can handle yourselves. You interested?”
“Could be,” Josh said. “This boss of yours around as well?”
Benny shook his head. “Naw. He took off yesterday. Be back in a couple of days. But Rambo’s here. I’ll go tell him you want to see him.”
Just then Cobb and Flame came in. Flame moved to the left, her green eyes sweeping the room, her Smith & Wesson drawn and ready. Cobb moved to the right. Bruiser rose up behind him like Goliath, his biceps rippling. As one meaty hand grabbed his right shoulder, Cobb pivoted and slammed the heavy barrel of the 12 gage Defender into the big man’s gut. Air whooshed out, along with saliva and a belch of bad breath. Apparently Bruiser was partial to sardines. Cobb swung the stockless shotgun up and in, catching Bruiser under his bulldog jaw and smacking his windpipe. He slid down the wall, his surprised face already turning purple.
A girl started to scream. Flame moved forward, the hammer on her S&W clicking back. “Shut up, Bitch! On the floor.”
The girl dropped like a stone. Others did the same. Benny was reaching under the counter for a snub-nose .38 when Josh shoved the Red Hawk in his ear. Benny froze and the room fell silent.
“Now,” Josh said calmly, though his heart was pounding. “Let’s you and me go see our old friend Rambo together, shall we?”
It was an offer Benny couldn’t refuse.
While Cobb and Flame covered the room, Josh walked Benny towards the closed door. Eddy followed, his shotgun out and cocked.
“Call out friendly like,” Josh whispered. “And make it good.”
Benny licked his suddenly dry lips and sucked in air. “Hey, Rambo! Some guys out here want to see ya!”
Nothing. Josh nodded and Benny called out again.
“Who the fuck is it?”, a slurred voice replied beyond the door.
“Friends of yours. One’s got a nice piece says you’ll like. It’s a real beauty!”
“Ya?”, the voice said. “Where they from?”
“Mount Hawthorn,” Josh said, his voice like a cold wind.
The sound of a chair falling reached them. Then a clicking noise, very much like the slide of an AR-15 being pulled back. “Hawthorn, eh? Well come on in!”
Josh looked at Eddy, then at the doorknob. The ex-carpenter shook his head. Josh flicked his eyes at Benny, then back to the knob. Eddy smiled and slowly reached out his hand. As the door swung inward, Benny found himself standing in the opening. Automatic fire filled the room. Rambo had his weapon on continuous burst. Full Rock and Role. Holes sprouted in Benny’s stomach and chest, turning his dirty apron crimson. While Benny did the Dance of Death, Eddy thrust his shotgun past the standing corpse and pumped two rounds into the room.
The sound was deafening, all the more so because it was followed by complete silence. Then came the sound of breaking glass. Josh yanked the dead bartender back and dove into the room, the Red Hawk spraying its heavy magnum loads. A mirror shattered. A hole you could put your fist through appeared in the far wall. A picture fell. Smoke and the smell of cordite hung in the air.
Eddy came in, his Colt held in a two-handed grip. Flame was right behind him. Cobb still covered the girls and patrons sniffing the floorboards. Bruiser still lay gasping for breath.
“Gone!”, Eddy growled. The word came out like a curse.
Josh rushed toward the gaping window. It overlooked an alley. He was about to climb through when Eddy hauled him back. More automatic fire came, splintering the frame close to Josh’s head.
Flame fired three shots into the alley, then three more. While she was reloading, Josh was already half-way to the back door. ‘Jess and Bobby’ his mind screamed! He was just stepping outside when he heard more shots. The boom of Bobby’s Python, mixed with the rat-a-tat-tat of the AR-15. The sharp sound of his 30-30 cut through the rest.
“Jessie! Jessie!”
“Here, Dad!”
Og ran up to him. Jess and Bobby followed. Bobby was holding his thigh.
“He got away, Mr. Williams! We think we winged him; at least there was some blood --- but the bastard got away down the alley!”
Josh hugged them both. “It’s alright. We’ll get him. Right now, let’s look at that leg.”
***
Rambo, adrenaline pumping, crouched behind some crates and reversed the double-clip in his AR-15. The pain in his shoulder hadn’t reached his booze-soaked brain yet, but even when it did, he could handle it. No pain, no fucking gain! And Rambo was an expert on pain. About the only thing he knew better was guns.
He knew something else too; those goddamned farmers had followed him! Followed him all the way from their shitty little burg just to blow him away! 'Christ! Who would have thought a bunch of hicks would have the balls?!
Something moved in the shadows. Rambo raised the AR-15, a cold sneer on his scarred face. “Come on, come on,” he whispered.
A cat walked out into the sunlight.
“Fuck!” 
‘Get a grip, asshole!’
He crossed the alley to a side door and went inside. His jeep was waiting, gassed up and ready to roll. In the back was the heavy trunk he’d lifted from the National Guard Barracks. As well as spare pistols and rifles, it held his H & K mini-cannon, a grenade launcher and several other assorted weapons of mass destruction. 
He grinned wolfishly as the motor roared at the first try. With the peddle to the metal, the garage doors splinted as he raced up the street. He knew exactly where he was going. On a farm several miles out of town a few military survivalist types had set up a commune. One Arm had the hots for one of the sluts living there. Though they didn’t much like city folk, they cautiously traded with One Arm and himself. Once there, he planned to pick up supplies and put as much distance between himself and Mount Hawthorn as he could get. If One Arm and anyone else wanted to tag along, okay. If not, he’s head west alone. In the past few days he’d had more than enough of freaked-out farmers coming after his ass!
***
An hour later Rambo was stopped at the first of several check-points. “Keep your hands where we can see them!”, a tall man in army fatigues ordered. Two others kept their assault rifles trained on him.
“Christ, Dutch. You know me. I was just up here the other week with One Arm.”
Dutch spit a wad of tobacco into the dirt and smiled. “Sure I know you, Rambo, but that don’t mean I like you. What do you want?”
“To see One Arm.” Rambo was in no mood to chit-chat. Despite the uppers he’d dry-swallowed on the way up to the farm, the slug in the fleshy part of his left arm was giving him hell. But Dutch was a real hard-ass who liked jerking people around.
“Why?”
“That’s between me and him.”
Dutch smiled, showing a row of tobacco stained dentures. His cold eyes went to the wound in the scarred man’s shoulder. “Ya? Well, you know the rules. Guns, ammo or canned goods to get in. Preferably ammo and preferably 9 mil.”
Rambo frowned. “Want a blow-job too, or is Whitey there still doing you for free?”
Whitey, one of the other two guards, tensed, his hand tightening on his weapon. He and Rambo had tangled once before, and since both were still breathing, neither one considered the matter settled.
Dutch grinned, savoring the tension. “A box of shells will do for now. I’ll let you know about the other later.”
“Sloppy seconds, eh? Not my bag.” 
“That’s not what I hear,” Dutch drawled. He spoke into a walkie-talkie, then motioned for Rambo to continue up the road.
“Thank you fucking much,” Rambo growled, tossing Dutch a half empty box of shells, then grinding the jeep into first and shooting up a shower of dirt.
***
“They WHAT?”, One Arm said, pushing the Dolly Parton clone away from him.
Rambo felt like kicking the stupid cripple in the balls. Instead, he repeated what had happened, including his plans for heading west.
“Goddamned farmers!”, One Arm swore. “Should have offed every mother’s son of them!”
“We tried that,” Rambo snarled. “The crazy bastards are like hornets; the more you swat them the madder they get!”
“So you’re running?”
Rambo suppressed another urge; this time it involved One Arm’s balls and a rusty blade. “I’m planning a ‘strategic withdrawal’. Those bastards have already blown away our best men. What’s left round the bar aint worth shit. What about these pussies? Any want to throw in with us?”
One Arm glanced at the peroxide blonde still lounging on the bed. Overlarge breasts strained against a undersized tank-top. Tight jeans and cowboy boots made up the rest of her attire --- along with a .38 Special in a clamshell shoulder harness.
“Wanda, go get Straw.”
Wanda stretched like a cat, then headed for the door. Half-way there she stopped. “Hank and Vinnie might want to join up. Marla and Carie too. Butch and his Nasty Nazis are becoming a real drag. West sounds pretty good. Especially south-west. I’ve always wanted to see California.”
“Now!”, One Arm growled.
Wanda shot him the finger and left.
Rambo reached for the bottle. “The bitch may have something there?”
“What?”
“California,”, Rambo replied, taking a long pull of Johnny Walker. “L.A.’s a hell of a lot bigger than Plattsburg, and a fucking long way from Mount Hawthorn!”
One Arm frowned, then grinned, holding out his glass for a refill. “One for the road, good buddy. One for the fucking road.”
Both men laughed.
***

Chapter 37




The Fortress (formerly U.C.L.A)
Beverly Hills, California, 
Ten Months Later
May 7th 1-AC 

Jocco, resplendent in clothes looted from various museums, sat on the raised dais and gazed down at the line of officers like a hungry hawk. Gold sparkled on his fingers and from the jeweled crown on his brow. The pearl handle of a Colt .45, strapped over an elaborately worked bullet-proof vest, partially showed through the open robe. His black hair, much longer now, was pulled straight back and held in place by a golden pin. The fashion had quickly caught on, though by royal decree, the officers’ pins must be silver and only brass or copper ones for the common soldiers. Gold was reserved for ‘royalty’.
He raised his bejeweled hand and the large room fell silent, for King Jocco the First was about to hold court. Everyone in the hallowed university hall, now dubbed ‘The Fortress’, knew their place --- or bloody-well better!
In the ten months since The Cleansing, Jocco had come a very long way indeed; from a self appointed leader of a few rag-tag survivors to the virtual ruler of his own little kingdom. A kingdom run on all the deadly sins, and a whole lot of fear. The Army of the Dark Stranger now numbered in the hundreds. The small but growing towns and villages all around Southern California were forced to send him tribute. In return for this, King Jocco was supposed to protect his subjects from the numerous bands of thieves, robbers and ‘crazies’ that roamed the vastly depopulated land.
Sometimes he did and sometimes he didn’t. It was whispered that Jocco often took tribute from the thieves  and outlaws themselves and that, for the right price, an enterprising individual could buy a ‘Permit to Pillage’. None of this, however, was whispered very loudly, for to speak out against the King Jocco was to invite a rather long and lingering death --- often in the form of some sort of crucifixion.
With the sudden demise of the modern world, the passing of such a flimsy thing as ‘democracy’ quickly followed. Jocco had revived a much older and simpler way of doing things: the Feudal System --- a ‘pyramid scam’ with slaves on the bottom and ‘nobility’ on the top and the king riding roughshod over the whole thing. Fear of King Jocco and his army made the scattered population offer him their crops, their animals and their daughters. It had worked for thousands of years in the past, so why not in this glorious ‘brave new world’?



As Jocco’s power spread, however, collecting all this tribute became a logistical nightmare! The distances to be covered; the transporting of people, goods and animals; communities and groups reluctance to pay; and the poor communications, all emphasized the growing need for swift, decisive punitive reprisals against any and all reluctant or tardy with their payments. 
The list of problems went on and on --- until Walter Pinkton, ‘retired’ Lieutenant of the United States Army, found the solution. It was, like the best of plans, very simple. His rather twisted brain came up with what he called ‘the Temples’. 
For a building to be considered for a ‘Temple’ something imposing was needed, something ‘regal’, for it was not just size of the structure --- any run down warehouse or aircraft hanger could provide ‘space’, but a Temple was a place where ‘pomp and circumstance could hold sway’. A ‘majestic’ place, with hand cut stone covered with centuries of ivy, with towering trees and sunlit courtyards, yet big enough to hold the ‘tribute’ being brought in at the contributor’s own expense. 
Though farmers, workers and craftsmen up and down the coast and scattered throughout the San Joaquin Valley might grumble at the amount they were forced to give or the distance they had to travel with the tribute, few found the actual ‘giving’ totally unpleasant. In a life reduced to daily, menial drudgery, many even looked forward to it. 
Pinkton’s genius was that he found a way to turn the ‘giving’ into a pleasurable event. With ritual, costume, food and music, and a whole lot of booze, drugs and sex, ‘Going to the Temple’ became a ‘seasonal event’ for many who toiled from sun up to sun down --- an adventure, a milestone in their boring, monotonous lives. While temple harlots spread themselves to receive the giver’s eager ‘donations’, tax priests sorted and tallied the goods already deposited at the door, sending the choicest tribute on to The Fortress, the former site of U.C.L.A.
And little Walter Pinkton controlled it all. As ‘High Priest in charge of Tribute’, he had even gotten Jocco’s permission to recruit and train a special unit of Tax Guards. Now, dressed in robes only slightly less regal than Jocco’s, the ex-quartermaster stepped up to the dais and bowed.
“My Lord, the trial is ready to proceed.”
Jocco’s wolf-gray eyes fixed on the little man and held. ‘How in hell has this little shit become so important to me,’ he asked himself? The answer was quite simple; ‘Wicked Walter’ was a fucking genius. His mind was a snake’s nest of perverted ideas, each one more ruthless and depraved than the last. Each one, however, made Jocco richer and more powerful. Not only had Walter come up with the idea the Temples, but with many more ingenious ways to help run Jocco’s growing kingdom. It had been Walter’s idea to shun the cities and concentrate on the farmland; to force the population back into raising crops and animals and to ‘subjugate rather than eliminate’ all competition. To aid in this, Walter, again with Jocco’s permission, had sent his tax priest and guards into every hamlet and village, listing the age and skills of everyone left alive after The Cleansing had scrubbed the world clean and bright. A Post-Cleansing census. Anyone with skills or knowledge needed was put to work immediately, rewarded with power, privileges and personal slaves. Anyone lacking these various abilities was placed in a farming unit.
***
Things had gone well for the first six months, but lately things had began to change. Resistance to the taxes had risen sharply. Tribute was late in coming. Sweep Teams had been ambushed and the slaves set free. In the fertile San Joaquin Valley, tax priests and guards had actually been attacked and robbed! And now a temple had been raided in Bakersfield! Clearly, King Jocco could not allow this treason to continue.
“My Lord? The trial?” Lord Walter said quietly.
Jocco looked up. The officers before him stiffened. “Bring the prisoners forward.”
Bobby-Joe Burlis, dressed in clean fatigues and a black bulletproof Kevlar vest, nodded. Several soldiers dragged a man and a woman up to the dais and forced them to their knees. Both had been badly beaten. The man’s right eye was swollen shut and two of his front teeth were missing. The woman looked almost as bad. Both their heads had been shaved. In King Jocco’s court, the accused were clearly guilty till proven innocent --- which rarely happened.
Jocco leaned forward, his voice deceptively soft. “You are rebels. You were caught robbing one of my temples. Because of you, several of my soldiers have died. Have you anything to say before I pass sentence?”
Both prisoners kept silent. The woman glared back open hatred at the robed figure. Jocco motioned and Bobby-Joe approached.
“Have they revealed anything about their leaders?” he whispered. 
Bobby-Joe shook his head. His arm still hurt where the bitch had bitten him.
“About where their main camp is?”
Again the shake of the head.
Jocco’d voice hardened. “You mean you’ve had them for three days and you didn’t get a fucking thing out of either of them?!”
Bobby-Joe was sweating now. Jocco had always been a mean bastard, but ever since this shit with the rebels, he’d turned into one sadistic mother-fucker. “Er, no Jocco, I mean, my lord.”
Jocco’s gaze narrowed. In private he usually dropped all this ‘lord shit’, but only in private and only with a chosen few. Bobby-Joe was one of them, along with George the Man, Roy Heller, Tim Galt and a few others. After all, appearances counted. How else could discipline be maintained? Pussbag, however, continued to treat him like Satan’s chosen son. The little psycho would have gladly licked Jocco’s boots if he’d let him. 
“If my best officers fail me, maybe I should turn them over to the priests? Wicked Walter has his ways.”
Bobby-Joe winced. The creepy little bastard made his skin crawl. Wisely though, Bobby-Joe said nothing.
Jocco winked at him and dropped his voice to a whisper. “At ease, soldier. I don’t like Walter the Wimp any more than you do, but he does get results. I’ll give you one more try to do the same. With the man only. Use Pussbag. He could get the Pope to scream he wasn’t Catholic. The woman goes to the poles.”
Bobby-Joe nodded, glad that he himself had escaped a similar fate. The ‘poles’ was another one of Pinkton’s ideas. A form of crucifixion. The telephone poles outside the Fortress were decorated with dozens of rotting corpses.
Jocco raised his voice. The room once again became deathly still. “I, Jocco the First, Supreme Ruler of the Kingdom of California, pronounce you both guilty of high treason. There can be but one sentence; death. Take them away.”
After the hall was cleared, Jocco removed the golden crown and hooked it over the back of his throne, flung off the heavy robe and called for a cold beer. An orderly ran up with a frosty Coors Light. His inner circle of officers crowded around him; the ‘good ol’ boys from the bad ol’ days’. Jocco chugged the brew and belched.
“Pomp and circumstance, gentlemen, pomp and fucking circumstance! Loosely translated, Shock and fucking awe! Along with a heavy dose of ‘bullshit baffles brains’. But it keeps the yokels on their toes and that’s what counts! Now, how about a friendly little game of Poker?”
***
‘Lord’ Walter Pinkton watched from the sidelines as Jocco’s cronies crowded round him. Orderlies produced a card table and chairs and before long the beer and booze was flowing. Pam the Bitch, now Lt. Gliss, and a few other women officers came in and the party really got underway.
“Anti up, assholes!”, Jocco cried out, slamming down a bag of coins. Paper money was now only good for wiping your ass, but Walter had soon realized that the barter system could only go so far. Jocco had taken Walter’s advice and declared coins to be accepted throughout the realm. Walter’s tax priests were set another task. Every bank, store and any other place where coins could be found was methodically searched, counted and brought to the Fortress. Walter’s personal little army of tax guards ensured that none was lost along the way, except of course for what Lord Walter kept for himself. 
Post-Change prices were cut to 1% of their original value, and the cent, not the dollar, became the official coin of the realm. For a few pennies a man could buy a meal, a room or a whore for the night. When farmers were lucky to see 500 cents a year, Jocco’s soldiers got that in a month, his officers in a week.
And of course there were perks for the privileged. Lavish estates, slaves and servants to work them, and power --- but not too much power. That was one hand that Jocco played very close to the vest.
“What’s the game, Jocco?”, Pam asked. “Same as the last time? Strip Poker?”
Jocco grinned slyly, deftly shuffling the cards. “Too dull. You see one set of jugs, you’ve seen them all.”
“Not like these,” Pam purred, ripping open the Velcro on her tactical-vest. Black lace barely concealed swelling breasts.
“Lieutenant Gliss,” Jocco said dryly, “you do indeed have a most excellent pair of tits, however, I have something a little more less obvious in mind, though perhaps just as uplifting.”
“Ya? Like what?” Pam asked.
“Like the looser takes a hundred men north to Bakersfield and either rids me of these fucking  rebels or goes to ‘The Poles’ himself --- for I plan to put an end to these bastards once and for all!”
“Then Georgie might as well start packing right now,” Roy Heller chuckled. 
George the Man shot Roy the finger. George was now a colonel, while Roy was only a major. Rank hath its privileges.
“High stakes indeed, My Lord,” Walter said, gliding out of the shadows to a place just behind Jocco’s chair. “But think you it wise to leave such a decision of import to the fickle whim of fate?”
Bobby-Joe banged down his beer can. “For Christ’s sake, Pinky, can’t you ever talk normal?”
Wicked Walter ignored the big man, though a part of his devious brain filed what Bobby-Joe had said into an often used compartment --- the one titled ‘Revenge: A Dish Best Served Cold’.
“It pleases me to tempt fate, Walter,” Jocco smiled. “I’ve been doing it all my life.”
Walter bowed. “As you wish, My Lord. But, a small suggestion?” 
Jocco nodded, his hands already busy dealing out the cards. Walter continued. “Some of my people should go along with your men. After all, the temples are involved.”
Eva Madeau, already half in the bag, barked out a laugh. “If I’m the one to go, I don’t want any of your coin-counting faggots tagging after me. The rebels are said to be tough bastards. Your limp dicks wouldn’t last a day.”
Lord Pinkton smiled, showing a brief glimpse of why he was called ‘Wicked Walter’. “I think you’d find, Lieutenant Madeau, that my tax guards are quite up to the task. Also, their leader is anything but a ‘limp dick’.”
“Oh ya?”, Eva challenged. “What’s the fucker’s name?”
“Captain Chillis.”


Eva’s eyes widened. “Scar? I thought that cold-hearted son-of-a-bitch was killed in the Santa Barbara riots?”
“He was wounded, yes. Quite seriously. Fortunately he recovered.”
Jocco turned to Eva. “Who is this ‘Scar’ character?”
It was Bobby-Joe who answered. “Head honcho of the Pinky’s tax guards and one mean mother-fucker. My Sweep Team found him wandering around half dead about six months ago. The dude was just about done in. With that scared face and eyepatch he look like Death warmed up!”
Jocco slowly put his cards face down on the table. “Why, prey tell, if he is such a legendary warrior, is he working for Lord Walter instead of me?”
Bobby-Joe shrugged, willing himself to remain calm. “Well, we tested him, but he didn’t exactly pass.”
“You mean he refused to rape the girl?”
“Not exactly,” Bobby-Joe said.
“Well?” Everyone there knew that tone. 
“He didn’t rape her, he killed her. Snapped her neck like a wishbone. He also took out both guards supervising the test.”
Jocco looked up, his eyes narrowing. “He killed two of my men and you let him live?”
“He didn’t kill them, Jocco, just disarmed them. When I got there he handed me their weapons and walked out. Later I heard that Pinky, I mean, Lord Walter, had hired him as a drill instructor for his new guard unit.”
“And he has worked out extremely well,” Walter put in, looking directly at Eva Madeau. “If you overlook the fact that he seems to hate women.”
 “Like I said,” Eva muttered. “Another faggot!”
Jocco picked up his cards. “Walter, send this ‘Scar’ to me after dinner. I’ll let you know what I decide in the morning.”
Walter bowed, his ferret-like eyes agleam. “As you wish, My Liege.”
When the deadly Pandemic came ten months ago, Walter had seen Jocco as his savior, an Anti-Christ come to fill the void left by a non-existent God. Since then Walter had altered his thinking drastically. Now Jocco seemed like little more than a smart bully leading dull ones. True, he had the charisma and leadership abilities that Walter lacked, but he didn’t posses the far-reaching ‘view of things’ that Walter did. Jocco lived from day to day, while Walter dreamed of the ‘Big Picture’. For now he was content to let Jocco sit on his petty throne, as long as Walter  pulled the real strings of power.

‘Oh what a tangled web we weave,
When first we practice to deceive.’

The future, Walter was sure, would take care of itself.
***

Chapter 38



Lord Walter’s Main Temple
(formerly St. Mary’s Col.)
Beverly Hills, California, 
May 7th, First Year A.C.

Standing in front of the mirror, the one-eyed man straightened his clean fatigues and tugged his black beret down to a rakish angle. The silver pin it sported was the perfect counter balance to the black silk eyepatch. The image that stared back at him was a far cry from the one he’d have seen five months ago. Then he’d been little more than a torn and tattered scarecrow with a scarred face and an infected eye socket. Now he saw a soldier; a commander of men; bold, daring, someone that you definitely did not want to fuck with.
Like the number of roads he had traveled in his rather eventful life, his list of names seemed endless. Little Brucy to his alcoholic mother; Bruce the Goose to the neighborhood toughs he’d hung out with; Master Drill-Sergeant Chillis to the grunts at Fort Bragg. When the world got terminally fucked up a year ago he became Rambo, then One Eye the Wanderer and most recently, Captain Scar of the Royal Tax Guards.
He’d come a long way since being picked up by one of Jocco’s Sweep Teams. A hell of a long way. But now it all seemed worth it. He thought back on the ‘test’ they’d given him. After a meal and a couple of beers, they’d put him in a room with a naked woman tied to the bed. With his one good eye he’d gazed coldly back at the two soldiers dressed in clean army fatigues, then moved towards the bed. The woman, her eyes glazed from drugs, took no notice of his scarred face. Still, she’d shivered at his touch. He remembered the feel of her sweat-slicked skin, the smell of her unwashed body.
“Well, Ugly?”, one guard had said. “Are you going to do her or not?”
He remembered gently moving his hand over her flat stomach, up between the boney valley of her small breasts and on up to her slender neck. The woman gave a little moan, sounding like a frightened animal. With a twist of his large hand he’d snapped her neck. The frightened mouth seemed to relax in a grateful smile.
“Jesus Christ! You can’t ---”
He knocked the first guard on his ass, drove the second guard’s head into the wall and jabbed stiffened fingers into the first’s guard’s exposed neck. Both men were out cold. He then gathered their weapons and waited quietly on the bed. It wasn’t a long wait. An officer barged in, followed by several other guards. The scarred man handed over the weapons and casually asked if he’d passed the test. The officer, a southern-roughneck named Bobby-Joe Burlis, scratched his head and said he’d let him know. Scar had shrugged and left.
The next day a guy with a long robe and a shaved head told him somebody called Lord Walter wanted to see him. Lord Walter turned out to be a skinny little shit with glasses; he also turned out to be one of the craftiest buggers Scar had ever met. He explained how he wanted to start his own little army, independent from the Great Jocco’s and that he wanted someone with no ties to the Dark Army to head it. He’d provide the men and weapons while Scar provided the knowledge and training.
A line from a Dillon song had popped into his head. ‘When you aint got nothing, you got nothing to loose.’ “Why the fuck not?”, he’d replied. Lord Walter had kept his word and the man known as Scar had been working for the little prick ever since.
***
Now, five months later, Jocco the Great had finally noticed him.
He wasn’t too sure how he felt about that. He had it soft working for Wicked Walter. The tax priests did most of the work, all he and his men did was guard the shit the priests collected. Sure, it meant spending a hell of a lot of time on the road, and you never knew when a robber or some pissed off peasant would take a shot of you, but it was still a hell of a lot better than the four months he’d spent reaching California.
His mind cast back over those tough times and, despite the warm spring night, he shivered.
Those crazy farmers had trailed us for months! All the way from the fucking east coast! That stupid shit, One Arm, was still alive then. Him and Straw and Hank and Vinnie. The three bitches too. Marla, Carie and Wonda. Carie had been alright. She could hold her own and shoot better than most men. That peroxide skag Wanda though, was something else! Always coming on to the men, teasing them, sticking her big jugs in their faces. He remembered catching her and Vinnie going at it one night on guard duty. He’d kicked the shit out of both of them. Vinnie had taken it, but not Wanda the Bitch-Witch. She’d gone wining to One Arm. When the stupid cripple had told him to back off, Scar had come close to gutting the bastard.



Scar moved to the table and poured himself another drink. Not the watered shit Jocco’s troops got. Nothing but the best for Lord Walter’s tax guards. He tossed off half the glass, went to fill it, then stopped. It wouldn’t do to meet Jocco three sheets to the wind. 
He smiled to himself. A year ago he would have chugged the bottle. Since joining the Guards, Mrs. Chillis’ little Brucy was wising up, thinking ahead, even setting goals for himself. He’d cut back on the booze and stopped drugs altogether. Started working out too. Christ! He felt in as good a shape now as he had when he was in the Army! And when you came right down to it, saying ‘Lord’ wasn’t much different than ‘Sir’.
He’d also left those crazy farmers behind! Even if they did follow him south, they couldn’t get at him now, not with a hundred Guards under his command!
Yet they still haunted his dreams. There were nights he woke up in a cold sweat, sensing them getting closer, closer --- 
“Fuck that shit!”, he said out loud, reaching for the glass. But after the first swallow, he pushed it away. The memories however, were not so easily shoved aside. 
Hank’s brains splattering all over the windshield just outside of Buffalo; Marla disappearing into the North Dakota night. Then there’d been that time in Wyoming when Vinnie sprouted a fucking arrow in his throat! They’d fled west then, racing for the coast. They’d almost made it when the ambush happened. Carie and One Arm both bought the farm on that one! 
Scar knew in his guts that the farmers were responsible. They’d been hounding them for months; always just behind them or waiting round the next bend. He’d fed south then, just him, Straw and Wanda the Witch. In Reno he’d swapped Wanda for a spare tire and a tank of gas. Bikers got the jeep and Straw just outside of San Francisco. By the time Jocco’s Sweep Team picked him up near Fresno he was little more than a walking skeleton.
‘Ya, things had changed a hell of a lot since then!’ he thought. But a dark corner of his mind still wondered where the crazy farmers were. Part of him didn’t want to know, yet another part, the larger part, hungered for revenge.
***
The poker game had long since been abandoned by the time the man known as Scar arrived. Guards outside the wrought-iron gates of the U.C.L.A. campus had verified his pass and collected his weapons. They’d been damned good too; finding the hide-out gun strapped to his leg and the spring-knife up his sleeve. He didn’t mind. He hadn’t come here to off anyone. Besides, he still had his hands and feet, and up close that’s all he’d need.
A young private led him over the university grounds to the marble steps of the faculty building. Two more guards checked his pass, frisked him once more and showed him through the massive doors. A female orderly led him to the main hall, announced him, then left. He’d never been to one of Jocco’s little shin-digs before, but he’d heard the rumors. Now he saw first hand that what he’d heard was true. King Jocco the First was a real party-animal. 
A long table, littered with the remains of a meal, dominated one end of the room. Despite the warm night, the fireplace was blazing. Generators had been hooked up to run the lights. Rock music blasted. Several people, all semi-dressed and completely whacked, danced around. A dozen other people just lounged about. All were laughing and drinking and doing dope. One couple was humping away under the table.
Then a man with weird haircut and dark glasses was beside him. A long bayonet in a gilded scabbard hung from his camouflage webbing. He’d seen Pussbag before, but only from a distance. Up close he was even more off the wall than he’d thought.
“Come. He’s waiting.”
Scar followed the creepy looking man down to the far end of the room. Dancers, drinkers and naked women parted before them like Moses doing his thing at the Red Sea. Even the noise seemed to fade away.
And there, on the far shore, sat Jocco.
Scar held the other man’s gaze for what seemed like an eternity. It wouldn’t do to show any weakness here.
“Should I kneel, kiss your ring or what?” Scar asked.
Pussbag, standing beside the throne, stiffened, but Jocco’s wolf-gray eyes never flinched. “What do you want to do?” The voice was as cold as the eyes, yet strangely soft.
Scar looked around. “Have a beer.”
Jocco nodded to an aid, then turned back. “How did you get those scars?”
“A hunting accident.”
“And the eye?”
“Same way.”
“I’m told you were a military man. What was your rank?”
“Drill sergeant, Fort Bragg.”
“Were you any good?”
Scar shrugged. “I work for Lord Walter now. Ask him.”
Jocco leaned forward. “I’m asking you.”
“Ya, I was good. Still am.”
“And these tax guards you command, are they up to your high standards?”
Scar glanced at Jocco’s officers before responding. “As good as anything you’ve got.”
“Really?” Jocco motioned for Roy Heller to join them. “You know Major Heller?”
 The scarred man shook his head. “I’ve heard of him”.
Jocco’s eyebrow shot up. “And just what have you heard?”
Something that might once have been a smile crossed his scarred features. It was not a pretty sight. “That his troop kicked a lot of ass last month during the revolt down south.”
Jocco sat back, looking the one-eyed man up and down. “Major Heller and his men are going on another little mission for me. They’re objective is to find a rebels camp and eliminate it. I was thinking of sending some of Lord Walter’s tax guards along. Interested?”
The beer arrived and Scar took a sip. “That depends. What’s in it for me?”
Jocco leaned back, ready to set the hook. “The usual. Fame and fortune.”
Scar grunted. “Shit, fame is for assholes. As for money, Lord Walter already pays me more than I can spend.”
Taken back, Jocco frowned. “A man of few appetites, or at least, not the usual ones. Tell me captain, what is it that you do want?”
For the first time during the interview, fire came into Scar’s good eye. He jabbed a thumb at his mutilated face. “What I want is to get the bastards that did this!”
His interest pricked, Jocco again leaned forward. “I would have thought, since you now command Lord Walter’s tax guards, revenge would be easily come by.”
“Not when the bastards are over three thousand miles away!”
Jocco’s eyebrows creased. ‘An interesting twist this. Now, how best to use it?’ “And just where are these ‘bastards’ that you seek?”
“In a little shit-burg way outside of New York,” Scar growled.
“New York City?”, Jocco asked, disbelief heavy in his voice.
Scar nodded and drained his beer.
“In a world gone mad, you traveled three thousand miles, wounded and alone? You expect me to believe that?”
“Believe what you want, Lord. All I know is that it took me over four months to cross the country, fighting every step of the way. There was over a dozen of us at the start --- even picked up some others on the way. None of them made it but me. Hell, if some of your boys hadn’t found me, I’d be dead too.” Scar glanced around, holding up his empty can. “Any more beer?”
Suddenly insight struck Jocco like a bolt from the blue. A plan began to form in his mind; something that, until now, would have seemed too grandiose even for him. Grandiose, yet simple at the same time. ‘Control of not only the west coast, but the east as well!’ His mind’s eye began to lay it all out before him; the Army of the Dark Stranger rolling eastward; through the mountains, across the plains and on into the booty-rich cities along the Atlantic. From Miami to New York --- his for the taking! Like a modern day Alexander, he would carve out not just a petty kingdom, but an empire! The cost would be enormous, but then the guns, slaves and coins they would bring back would pay for the trip a thousand times over!
Jocco mind was awhirl. Such a scheme would take a great deal of planning. Scouting parties would have to be sent out, intelligence gathered. Roads still passable, airfields still usable. Weapons and men and food and transport! Any resistance met along the way would have to be dealt with. Treaties made, bases set up. The task was enormous, yet Jocco came alive at the very thought of it!
Lately he’d begun to lose interest in things. The excitement of the first six months had drained away, leaving only an endless treadmill of bureaucracy. There were no worthy adversaries left, no large obstacles to overcome. More and more ruling the realm was left to Lord Walter and his tax priests. Life had become stale and predictable again. Down deep he had secretly welcomed the rise of the rebels. ‘At least they added a little spice to life.’ Now, with this glorious new dream of conquest, the rebels were suddenly reduced to mere flies that must be quickly brushed aside so that he could get on to bigger and better things!
He made a mental note to engage a historian to chronicle the formation of his empire. ‘Christ!’ he thought, now filled with excitement. ‘I’ll need a dozen of the bastards!’
Bobby-Joe Burlis coughed, bringing Jocco back to the present. The rest of his officers were watching him closely. Jocco straightened and crooked his finger in Scar’s direction. The one-eyed man moved closer.
“Go with Heller. Wipe out the rebels. Destroy their bases. Do this for me and I’ll see you get your revenge.”
“How?” The word was more a demand than a question.
Jocco’s own eyes were now afire. “I’ve decided to send a large force back to the east coast. You could be one of its generals. Once there you could handle these ‘bastards’ of yours as you saw fit. But first, the rebels in Bakersfield must be dealt with.”
Scar didn’t know whether to take this asshole seriously or laugh in his face. Still skeptical, he decided to play it safe. “Why east? Haven’t you got enough here to keep you busy? Shit, you’ve got your own fucking kingdom here!”
Jocco leaned forward. “Man does not live by bread alone, captain. Besides, I’ve never been satisfied with being a big fish in a little pond. I want it all, and you can help me have it.”
‘This crazy bastard is serious!’, Scar thought. ‘And he’s just crazy enough to pull it off!’ His mind’s eye saw himself rolling into Mount Hawthorn at the head of a long line of tanks and his face stretched into a hideous grimace. “For a chance at the fuckers that did this to me I’ll bring you the rebel leader’s head in a basket!”
Jocco laughed coldly. “Do that, captain, and I might just fly you to New York in a bomber!”
***

Chapter 39



Los Padres National Forest
California, May 9th

Two days later Scar found himself bouncing along in a landrover on his way to Bakersfield. Behind him were a column of trucks, all four-wheel drives and troop carriers. Fifty of his own guards and fifty of Heller’s men, all hand picked and all loaded for bear.
Once past the San Fernando Valley, #5 winds upward into the Sierra Madre Mountains. The rich greens of the forest closed in around them, yet no one was paying much attention to the scenery. This was bandit country. Both Sweep Teams and Tax Guards had been hit before while traveling through this twisting stretch of high country.
Scar passed the time by checking his weapons. Besides the Army issue Colt .45 at his hip, he now carried a sleek looking .357 Mag Desert Wind in a shoulder holster. Seven in the clip and one in the pipe. His military webbing held a dozen extra clips, six for each gun, along with a wicked looking knife reminiscent of his Rambo days. In a floor rack in front of him was a 12 gage Defender Pistol-Grip and his own Heckler & Cock Battle Rifle with a 50 round banana clip and four more in a canvas pouch at his side. Mounted on a tripod behind him was a light machinegun, its serpentine belt winding out of a box in the back seat. Sal, the gunner, sat on two more boxes jammed in next to the Chuck, the radioman and his equipment. Happiness is indeed a warm gun.
The C.B. crackled behind him. Private Chuck Bersher answered, then handed him the mike.
“Ya, what’s up?”
Roy Heller’s voice sounded tinny and far away. In reality he was only a quarter of a mile behind them. “Just checking in, Scar. Any word from Rat up on point? Over.”
“Just talked to him. Says he hasn’t seen dick-all. Roy, I know he’s your boy and all, but you sure you want that little spic riding point? He looks like a fucking space-cadet to me.”
Roy’s laughter was momentarily broken up by static. “Rat’s okay. Weird as they come, but one hell of a shot. Trouble is, he shoots everything he sees. Relax, Scar. Connors is with him. Over.”
“Ya, I’ll do that.” Scar thumbed off the mike, feeling anything but relaxed. “Asshole!”, he muttered, then turned to his radioman. “Get me Lt. Crofton.”
Static crackled as Pr. Bersher switched to a clear channel. “Got him, Sir.”
Scar took the mike. “Crofton, get up here and take the point. Continuous radio contact but hold down the chatter.”
“What’s wrong, Captain? Heller’s boys can’t cut it?”
Scar growled. “Just move your ass, Lieutenant.”
“Yes Sir!”
As Crofton’s chopped-down Pathfinder roared past, Scar’s driver, Corporal Dick Jules, better known as Tricky Dicky, glanced at the disfigured man beside him. The captain was feeling bloody today, and when he was feeling bloody it didn’t pay to drag your feet. 
At the sound of the Pathfinder’s approach, Rat swiveled his machinegun around and sighted down the perforated barrel. As recognition sank in, disappointment registered on his swarthy face. When Crofton passed him, a part of Rat wanted to cut loose anyway. Just who the fuck did he think he was?!
Lt. Crofton motioned for his radioman to get Rat’s Blazer, then took the mike. “I’m taking the point, Connors. Drop back fifty yards.”
Connors’ heavy brogue cut through the static. “Sure you want to do that, Cap’n? Me n’ Rat have done this before, n’ just up ahead the road gets tighter than a nun’s twat.”
Crofton’s reply was short and to the point. “Connors, either drop back or I’ll drop you!”
Connors dropped back, while an irate Rat shot them the finger. Crofton’s own machine gunner returned the gesture.
***
The roar of the chainsaw stopped as the tall, Ponderosa Pine came down across the road. Six men and half as many women scrambled into position. All the so called ‘rebels’ wore browns and greens and all were armed to the teeth. One, speaking into a walkie-talkie, looked up towards a rocky ridge high above the road.
“Dink? Where are they now?”
“Just entering the second turn. Be there in four or five minutes.”
The man glanced back towards the blocked road. “You and Jenny cover us, but keep low.”
A woman’s voice spoke. “You just take care of yourself, Don. Dink and I will be fine.”
Donald Paxton smiled. Jenny was a real firecracker. They weren’t sleeping together yet, but that really didn’t matter. He liked her spirit. God knows there were more than enough gloom and doom types around! Still, maybe tonight, after this little raid...
“Hey, Don. Where do you want me?”
Paxton turned to see James Peers hefting a bazooka. They’d stolen it from the armory in Bakersfield and used up three of the six shells figuring out how the bloody thing worked. Don pointed to a gully on the far side of the road.
“Take the second truck if you can. We’ll handle the lead one.”
James waved and vanished into the tall grass. The others did the same. Don checked the road once more, then scrambled for cover, the image of Jenny’s flashing eyes dancing before him.
***
Roy Heller heard Rat’s high voice yelling through the mike. “Tell him those fuckers nearly ran us off the fucking road! Tell him that scarfaced prick is sniffing up our ass! Tell him --- ”
Connors cut Rat off. “Captain, Ratty’s a tad upset. One of the guard’s vehicles is now on point and Captain Scar is.... Oh shit!!”
Heller frowned, then called out Connors’ name. All he heard was gunfire. He called out again, then yelled at his driver. “Move it!”
Heller’s jeep shot by the two troop carriers filled with tax guards. His gunner, Corporal John Hardgrave, worked the slide on his H & K mini cannon while Private Nina Escarlo relayed orders to the Sweep Team following behind.
The sound of fighting reached them over the roar of the jeep. As they came around a curve, Heller looked down into a scene straight out of ‘Apocalypse Now’. Crofton’s Pathfinder was in the ditch. His driver, Tricky-Dicky, was slumped over the wheel. Bersher, the radioman, lay half in, half out of the truck. Both Rat and Scar’s guns were humping away. Tracer bullets streamed across the narrow gap. Trees exploded. Bodies littered the roadway. Fire was being returned from a half dozen places. As Heller watched, there came a loud womph! and Rat’s Blazer went up like a mushroom cloud. Rat, his clothes ablaze, was blown clear. Connor, however, burned like a Roman Candle.
Nina handed Heller the mike. “Orders, Sir?”
“Get the fuck down there!”, he screamed.
As the jeep shot forward, Hardgrave’s H & K opened up. Heavier than the other guns, the mini-cannon tore the shit out of the attackers. The Ponderosa Pine blocking the road began to shed its gnarled bark. Limbs, both from the tree itself and the people behind it, flew through the air. Smoke watered the eyes. Cordite stung the nose. Screams from the dead and dying hurt the ears. 
Scar, his rifle on full Rock & Roll, sprayed the right side of the road while Sergeant Sal Goldberg stitched a zigzag pattern to the left. When his clip ran dry, Scar drew both his .45 and his .357 and calmly stepped out of the jeep. Sporadic fire still came from a few attackers, but it was random and not sustained. The few rebels left alive were intent on melting into the forest.
One, however, had something else in mind. Donald Paxton, gut-shot and holding his intestines in with one hand and a .38 in the other, raised the gun and fired. The first shot went wild. The second fell on a spent shell. Don continued to dry-fire his weapon as Scar walked up to him.
“Where’s your base?”
“Go to hell!”, Don yelled defiantly.
Scar shot him in the leg and repeated his question.
Don screamed and tried to pull a knife. 
Scar shot him in the other leg and repeated the question. 
Don fainted.
Scar pressed the Desert Wind to Don’s forehead and was about to pull the trigger when something slammed into his chest, spinning him around. Down on one knee, he saw a hole in his Kevlar vest. His left shoulder ached like he’d just been kicked by a mule. A moment later a second bullet whizzed by his head. Glancing up, he caught the flash of sunlight on metal.
“Goldberg!”, he yelled, pointing. “Up on that ledge!” He then calmly shot Donald Paxton in the head.
Sergeant Sal Goldberg swiveled the machinegun up towards where Dink and Jenny crouched on the rock outcropping. Jenny, her eyes wide with terror, stood watching through binoculars that trembled as Dink frantically worked the bolt on his daddy’s .306.
“I’ll kill that one-eyed son-of-a-bitch!”, he hissed.
Then Goldberg opened fire. Fifty caliber rounds tore up the granite wall. Birds, rock-chips and Dink’s soul all flew into the air as three of the two dozen odd bullets found their mark. As Dink’s near headless body flopped backwards, Jenny’s legs buckled.
“NNOOOOO!!”, she screamed, crawling towards the corpse. What was left wasn’t a pretty sight, but it was one that Jenny Simpson would remember for the rest of her life; that and the one-eyed monster that casually killed the man she loved. As though in a dream, she woodenly straightened Dink’s twisted limbs, then she staggered off into the trees. She tried to think, but her brain refused to function. Trembling as the shock set in, one thought came to her mind. ‘Warn the others!’
‘What others?’, a cowardly voice inside here demanded. ‘All of your friends are back there!’
“The other groups! Des and Sam!”, she said out loud.
‘You can’t walk all that way!’, the voice wined.
“Ya?!”Jenny set her jaw. “Watch me asshole!”
***

Chapter 40



‘The Queen of Diamonds let you down,
She was just an empty fable.
The Queen of Hearts you say you’ve never met.
Your twisted fate has found you out,
And finally turned the table.
Stolen all your dreams & filled you with regret.’

(The Eagles 1973)

Rebel’s main camp
Sierra Madre Mts.
California, May 9th

Lieutenant Sam Waterton, former pilot, former squadron leader and most recently, former prisoner of King Jocco the First, stood on the cabin’s front porch and gazed at the encircling mountains. Unlike the Sierra Nevada’s further north, the Sierra Madres were not snowcapped the year round. ‘A bloody good thing too’, Sam reasoned, pulling his jacket tighter. ‘Nights at 4,000 feet were brisk enough, thank you very much!’
Sipping his coffee, he watched the morning mist burn off Cottonwood Mountain. To the north, Bear Mountain was lost in the clouds. The little town of Sandberg was over there somewhere, nestled in the whispering pines like something out of a Zane Grey western: ‘Riders of the Purple Sage’.



The Pacific Crest Scenic Trail passed right down Sandburg’s main street. Before the Cleansing, hardy backpackers used it as a supply drop. The hikers were now long gone, as were all but two of the original one hundred and seven inhabitants. Faith Cummings and her father George still ran the general store. Even now Des, Nate and five others were on their way there for supplies --- what few ones remained. The Desperadoes were their biggest customers.
Thinking of the name always made Sam smile. ‘Desperadoes’. More Zane Grey, with a touch of spaghetti-western thrown in. All they needed was Clint Eastwood to ride up in a poncho chewing a black cheroot."
Yet, in his own way, Desmond Bardow fit the bill perfectly. Tall, lean, silent, with a hang-dog expression more reminiscent of Gary Cooper than Dirty Harry. Still, it was Des Bardow that held the band together. Hence the name, Desperadoes. The cabin they now used had belonged to Des and his brother. Des was now the sole owner.
Shirley Bates, the nurse Pussbag had found way back on Day One, joined Sam on the porch. The smell of fresh bread followed her out the door. Marla Stevens, one of several women living at the camp, had started baking before dawn.
“A penny for your thoughts,” Shirley said.
Sam smiled. “You trying to bribe me, lady?”
Shirley brushed a wayward strand of mousy brown hair out of her eyes. “They’ll be fine, Sam. Sandberg’s safe. I doubt the Sweep Teams even know it exists.”
“Sure,” Sam said. “Just like they didn’t know about Lebec.”
Shirley frowned. “Lebec was just five miles off the highway. Sandberg’s 35 or 40 miles away.” ‘He still blames himself’, she thought, wishing she could ease his pain.
Two weeks ago one of Jocco’s sweep teams had burnt the village of Lebec to the ground, killing or enslaving all 27 inhabitants. Their only crime was that they were suspected of sympathizing with the rebels.
‘Rebels, hell!,’ Sam thought. ‘All we are is a few scattered groups hiding out in the mountains. Sure, now and then we take a few shots at Jocco’s troops, or those bastards, the tax guards, but most of the time we just scramble around playing Davy Crocket!'
That, however, was far from true. Before Lt. Sam Waterton joined them, the Desperadoes and the other groups had disrupted Jocco’s plans on a ‘hit and miss’ basis. Since Sam’s arrival that ‘disruption’ had increased ten fold. Emboldened by Sam’s success, the other groups in the area had stepped up their own attacks. Don Paxton’s bunch now regularly patrolled Los Padres National Forest and Jim Carroll’s band had been responsible for the raid in Bakersfield --- and the Army of the Dark Stranger was getting very pissed-off.
Hence the burning of Lebec.
Sam walked over to the coral. Cloud, the Appaloosa mare, came up to him expecting an apple. Des and the rest of them had more horses than vehicles. Since there weren’t many roads in this rugged back country, horses seemed like the best form of transportation. Besides, Jocco’s troops traveled in trucks, and even when they did venture off the roads, in the mountains a horse could beat a four-wheel every time. The only problem was that Sam still couldn’t ride worth shit. He didn’t fall off anymore, but his ass always hurt for days.
Cloud nudged him again, slobbering in the remains of his coffee. “Shit!”, Sam said, not really angry.
Shirley chuckled behind him. She liked it here. Then again, she’d like it anywhere away from Jocco! The very thought of that sadistic bastard made her skin crawl. When Sam had told her six months ago that he wanted to make a break for it, she had gladly agreed. The fact that they’d both probably end up nailed to a telephone pole on Sunset Boulevard only made her more determined than ever not to be taken alive.
Ever since China Lake, Jocco had played them off against each other. If one caused trouble, the other would pay for it. Both had been forced to teach their respective trades; nursing and flying. Sam had taken it for as long as he could, but when it looked like his student pilots were about to graduate up to bombers, he’d decided enough was enough. He’d tried to make light of it, but she had seen the fear in his eyes --- eyes that she had secretly come to love.
And so, six months ago, they had forged passes, stolen a jeep and headed north. They’d made it as far as Castaic Lake in Angeles National Forest when they ran out of gas. After that they’d walked. They were cooking breakfast in a road-side rest area when two men and a woman on horseback suddenly appeared. All were heavily armed. Shirley and Sam had two choices; fight or invite them to breakfast. Wisely they chose the latter.
That was how they’d first met Des Bardow and his ‘Desperadoes’. The name still made her think of a rock band. Sally and the Slugs; Jimmy and the Jets; Des and the Desperadoes. Yet she knew she was being unfair. Des was a good man. He’d taken them in even before he knew she was a nurse and Sam was in the military. Good, simple folk trying to do the best they could. Sam, however, had changed them from a rag-tag bunch of coon hunters to a crack gorilla unit. Hardly a week went by without some highly organized action against Jocco or that slimy little shit Pinkton. But Sam had been pushing himself too hard. He looked tired and thin and --- and driven. Striking back at Jocco was all he thought about, and, to Shirley’s dismay, all he seemed to care about. 
“I still don’t like it,” Sam muttered, now letting Cloud’s thick tongue finish off the rest of his coffee. “I should have gone with them.”
Shirley casually looped her hand through his arm. A tingle passed through her, but she thought she hid it well. “You can’t do everything yourself. They’ll be back in a day or two. Des knows the way and Nate’s with them. He told me to make you take it easy.” ‘Take him fishing or something’ were Nate’s exact words. ‘The old eccentric had had that twinkle in his eye when he said it too,’ she thought. ‘Nate knows that I’m in love with Sam, but then that old coot doesn’t miss much. Not like SOME I could name!’
She leaned in a little closer, but Sam didn’t notice. Part of his mind was already planning the next skirmish with Jocco’s troops, while another part was worrying about his own group over in Sandberg.
***
Eddy lowered the field glasses. “Looks quiet enough, Jess. I vote we go in.”
Jessie Williams continued to study the little town through his own glasses. Gone was the once gangly boy with the unruly mop of blond hair. In his place was a tall, broad-shouldered young man with weathered skin and a hard set to his mouth. Both lean and lethal, Jessie now watched the world through a hunter’s eyes. Nearly a year on the road had robbed him of more than his youth --- it had taken his innocence as well. 


The little town of Sandberg lay before him. A gas station at the far end. Several stores, mostly empty. In front of one an old man sat in a rocking chair. A cat was on the man’s lap. Jessie didn’t see any weapons. Nothing else moved. He spoke into a small walkie-talkie, listened to a female voice respond, then continued to survey the town.
Eddy grinned. “Christ, Jess, you’re getting as cautious as your old man.”
Cold, blue eyes washed over him. Eddy was reminded of a hawk he’d once seen up close. “Maybe, but we’re all still alive.”
Minutes later, Jess and Eddy moved silently back down to the waiting convoy. Guards were posted front, center and back. This close to a town, even one as small as Sandberg, everybody was on yellow alert. Enrico waved at them, then turned back to watching the three vehicles.
Bobby Stewart met them. “Gas station working?”
Jess shrugged.
“See anyone besides the old man?” Cobb asked.
Jessie shook his head.
Bobby appealed to Josh. “We need gas bad.”
“Foods running low too,” Flame put in. “I’m getting damned sick of peanutbutter.”
Josh, looking both leaner and older, turned to Cobb. The ex-cop shrugged. Josh read the gesture and smiled at his son. 



“You call it, Jessie,” a father’s pride clear in Josh’s voice.
Jessie looked up at the sky. Grey clouds obscured the mountains ringing them in. “Looks like rain. Be good to have a roof over out head for a change.”
Eddy grinned and gave the ‘thumbs up’ sign.
Like separate cogs on a well greased machine, each moved swiftly to their assigned place. Within minutes, the three vehicles were ready to roll. Like everything else the group did, the line of march was well thought out. Josh, Jessie and Flame up front in the Westfalia. Og the pup, much bigger now, went with them. Eddy’s blue van, along with two newcomers, Rick and Suzy, followed at a distance. Cobb, Bobby and two more newcomers, Enrico and a stunning blonde named Greta, brought up the rear. 
Bobby’s towtruck had long since been replaced by a Light Armored Vehicle. The long, steel-plated truck, complete with electronic radar, rotating machineguns and a 50 mm. armor-piercing cannon, was a battle-ship on wheels. Both the L.A.V. and the four new members had come from Nevada. 
After loosing Rambo’s trail five months ago near San Francisco, increasing numbers of Jocco’s soldiers had forced Josh and his group to either turn around or head east. They chose east. In Carson City, Nevada, they met John Cartwright. Cartwright, a rugged, silver haired rancher, had gathered together over fifty other survivors and was living on a large ranch they laughingly called the Ponderosa. Though there was no Hoss or Little Joe, there were plenty of cattle and guns. The cattle came from the open ranges; the guns came from Nellis Air Force Base.
Cartwright had made them welcome and invited them to stay. Road-weary and dispirited, the small group had accepted the offer and stayed the winter. In the spring, they had resumed their search for the one-eyed man. Traveling west again, they now found themselves just outside the sleepy little village of Sandburg.
Josh turned to Flame. “Check with the LAV. See what Greta’s got on the radar.”
Flame fiddled with the radio Cobb had installed. After a few snaps, crackles and pops, Greta’s Swedish accent filled the airways. “Looks good, Josh. Nothing moving on the screen.”
Jessie let the Westfalia slowly roll up to the old man in the rocker. Josh slid open the side door and stepped out, a smile on his bearded face. Flame, beaming from the passenger’s seat, held her Smith & Wesson cocked across her lap. Eddy’s van idled at the end of the street. Cobb in the LAV waited just over the hill.
“Hi there,” Josh grinned. After introducing himself, he asked about the gas. George Cummings, a weathered sixty-seven and plagued by arthritis, nodded.
“Plenty of gas. Trouble is no power.”
“We’ve got a portable generator,” Josh replied.
The older man stroked his stubbled chin. “It’ll still cost you.”
Josh smiled. “You take MasterCard or American Express?”
George chuckled, then leaned forward in his rocker but made no attempt to rise. The cat uncoiled from his lap. All three of them saw the revolver stuck in his belt. “Fresh meat’s what I need. A body gets mighty sick of pork n’ beans.”
“And peanut butter,” Flame put in. George smiled in her direction.
“You live here alone?”, Josh asked.
A hard glint flashed in the old man’s eyes. “Mostly. Some friends from up yonder drop in now and again. They usually bring a deer. I’m partial to venison.”
Inside the Westfalia the radio crackled. Eddy was getting impatient.
“Might as well tell your friends to come on in,” George grinned. “If there was going to be any gun-play, it’d of happened by now.”
Josh looked at the old man closely, then nodded to his son. “Tell Eddy it’s all clear. Cobb as well.”
George turned and waved. From the doorway behind him a young woman immerged. She was dressed in jeans and a red flannel shirt, and carried a double barreled shotgun.
“My daughter, Faith,” George beamed. “Sorry about the gun, but we live in hard times.”
 “We do indeed, my friend”, Josh agreed sadly. “We do indeed.”
Later that day Josh sat with George on the front porch sipping Southern Comfort that the younger man had opened after dinner. George regarded the amber liquid in his glass, took another sip, then set it aside. “Lord, but that does go down smooth!”
“Have another?”, Josh asked, going to refill the older man’s glass.
“No thanks. Two’s my limit. Any more and Faith will take a broom to me.”
Josh capped the bottle and took out his pipe. The sound of hammering reached them. Besides the deer George had wanted, the price for filling the three vehicles, especially the LAV, had been the portable generator and someone to fix a leak in the store roof. Jessie and Rick were up there now nailing on new shingles. From inside the store came a softer sound --- feminine laughter. Hearing it, George’s eyes glistened.
“Now there’s something I don’t hear enough of. It gets lonely for Faith way up here with no other women to talk to.”
“Why don’t you leave?”
The old man’s voice hardened. “And go where? That bastard Jocco controls the whole West Coast! I’ve heard what he and his killers do! Faith wouldn’t last a day!”
Josh drew on his pipe. “You could go east. There’s a rancher in Nevada who’d be glad to take you in. Other fine folk we met further east than that.”
George tapped his twisted fingers on his thigh and lowered his voice. “Bone cancer. A doc in Bakersfield gave me between six months to a year. I’m way past that already. Faith doesn’t know. I’d like to keep it that way. I told her its just real bad arthritis.”
Josh had noticed on the one occasion George had left his chair how he needed a cane to hobble around. Just going to the dinner table had exhausted him. 
“You could come with us,” Josh said. “We’ve plenty of room.”
George’s lined face creased like an old map. “That’s mighty kind of you, Josh, but after what you told me about this one-eyed fella you’re after, I don’t think you’ll last a hell of a lot longer than I will. Besides, I’ve got a husband already picked out for her.”
“Oh? How does she feel about that?”
George glanced quickly back into the store. Faith, Suzy and Gretta were laughing as Flame paraded brazenly around in a lime green bikini. “Well, she aint exactly said yes, but then she aint said no either.” Josh poured the both of them another drink. As the old man reached for his glass, Josh saw his hand shake. “She likes Des well enough, but she’s got some foolish notion that I need taking care of!”
Southern Comfort spilled from the trembling glass as a sudden pain shot through him. George grunted and looked away.
“Women can be funny that way,” Josh said.
George managed a nod. When the spasm had passed, he looked up and grinned. Flame, wearing a cowboy hat, boots and the bikini, pranced out on the porch. Her green eyes ablaze with mischief, she blew both men a kiss, then sauntered back inside. More giggles followed.
“That woman of yours is a real looker,”, George grinned. “Faith now, she’s the shy type.”
“Consider yourself blessed,” Josh said with feeling.
Just then Enrico appeared through a hatch in the LAV. “Company coming, Josh. Radar shows four or five blips moving slow about five clicks away.”
Josh glanced quickly up and down the dusty road. “From the east or west?”
“South. Whoever it is, they’re coming down the bloody mountain!”
Josh turned to George. “Friends of yours?”
George nodded. “Des and his boys coming down for supplies. Expected them yesterday.”
“The map shows the only road runs east and west.”
George grinned slyly. “So it does.”
***
Nathan Augustus Sayer drained the glass and quickly passed the back of his index finger over his long, thick mustache. The gesture made Josh think of an aging Wyatt Earp or a rakish riverboat gambler. The twinkle in Nate’s blue eyes danced as the Southern Comfort hit bottom. “Well now, honest to goodness sipping whiskey! George, your manners are improving!”
“I notice that’s your third ‘sip’, Nate,” George replied. “Think some of the other boys would like a taste before you drain it dry? How about you, Des?”
Nate Sayer, a long, lanky man with silver hair and an easy grin, held up his glass. “Best not go corrupting the young’ns, George. Especially our young leader here. It takes an experienced hand on the reigns to ride drunk.”
“And you’ve plenty of experience, I suppose.”
Nate winked at his old friend. “I do my best, George. I do my best.”
George shook his head and refilled the glass, glad to see Nate again despite their different views of the world. George then offered the near empty bottle to the younger man sitting with them, who silently declined.
Nate chuckled. “You’ll have to excuse Des here, Mr. Williams --- .”
“Josh, please. Call me Josh.”
 “Well, Josh,” Nat said, his left forefinger once again brushing over his bushy moustache. “Young Des here don’t hold much with drinking. Nor gambling either. Like the old preachers warned us; ‘ciga-reets n’ whiskey n’ wild, wild women’ aint his style. It’s his stern, Quaker stock you understand. Hell of a good boss, but a far cry from a frivolous man.”
Josh smiled first at the younger, sandy haired Des, then back to the much older Nate. In the ten minutes he’d spent with these two men, Nate had done most the talking. “It’s been my experience,” Josh replied with a smile of his own; “that a ‘frivolous man’ can get you killed.”
Nate’s grin widened. “Right you are there, Josh. If I was leading the Desperadoes, that bastard Jocco would have probably killed us all long ago. With Des here as trail boss, at least we got a chance.”
Despite his heavy tan, Desmond Bardow blushed. “Sam’s the one that deserves most the credit, Mr. Williams. Until he came along, we were little better than a bunch of squirrel hunters.”
“I’ve been hearing a lot about this Sam fella,” George said. “When am I going to meet this military genius?”
“Sam aint one for socializing,” Nate said, reaching for the remains of the bottle. “Just between you and me, I think he’s had his belly full of what’s been going on in the flatlands. Jocco and his boys had him for nearly a year. He doesn’t like to talk about it, but I can see it in his eyes. That little gal, Shirley too.”
Nate went on to explain how things had changed since Sam and Shirley had joined them. Faith, upon hearing that another woman had joined the Desperadoes, showed an interest in meeting her. Josh noticed however, that her eyes kept straying back to Des.
“Well then, Faith,” Nate beamed. “Why don’t you come back with us and visit for a spell? Hell, the whole lot of you can come!” He turned to Josh. “I doubt those two vans of yours would make the trip, but that monster truck of yours sure as hell will!”
Faith’s smile widened. “Let’s go, Paw. The company would do you good.”
George sighed and smacked his leg. “I guess these old shanks of mine can hobble over to a truck, and I would like to see the high country again. What do you say, Josh? You and your bunch want to come along? This Sam fella might know something about this one-eyed man you’re after --- beside, I know a good place to catch Cut-Throat Trout.”
Josh glanced up at Cobb and Flame. The one shrugged and the other nodded eagerly. Ever since her first experience in New Hampshire, Flame never missed a chance to get above the treeline. “Almost as good as sex,” she’d told Josh one night as they lay sharing a sleeping bag. Overhead the stars had burned like a fistful of diamonds scattered on black velvet. Josh had grunted and turned on his side. Pressing her body close to his she had whispered; “I said ‘almost’!”
Josh, reliving the memory, smiled to himself. “Sounds good,” he said. “If it’s okay with Des?”
Des nodded agreement, his glance going towards Faith.
An hour later they were all headed back up the winding logging trail that led to the Desperadoes’ camp.
***

Chapter 41



Los Padres National Forest
Sierra Madre Mts.
California, May 9th

Bodies lay strewn about like scattered leaves after a windstorm. The pine blocking the road was still ablaze. Two vehicles were little more than burning hulks. Looking like wraiths just risen from the grave, forms staggered through the grey-black smoke. The stench of death was everywhere.
Major Roy Heller frowned at the medic that was bandaging the slight graze he took on his upper left arm and turned to his aid. “How many down?”
Staff Sergeant Nina Escarlo, her face drawn and pale, listed the names. “Lt. Crofter and his crew. Bersher, Connors, Gorman and Spriggs. Eleven in all. Several more wounded and Rat’s badly burnt.”
Heller swore and looked for Scar. He spotted the captain talking to a group of his guards. A body lay at his feet. By the time Heller made his way over to Scar, the guards had faded into the trees.
“The fucking rebels hit us hard,” Heller growled.
Scar ignored him, shoving a fresh clip into his Desert Wind.
Heller noticed the hole in Scar’s Kevlar vest. “That came close.”
The one-eyed man grunted, working his left shoulder. “Sniper up on the cliff. Goldberg took care of him.”
“We get all the ones down here?”
“Three got away, but not for long.” As though to prove his point, shots, distant and muffled by the trees, drifted back to them. 
“Shit!”, Heller swore. “Jocco won’t like this! We need some of them alive!” He kicked at Donald Paxton’s body. “This prick say anything before he died?”
“Nothing that’d help.”
Just then one of Heller’s men called down to him from the cliff high above. “Found something up here, major!”
“What?”
“One dead male, one .306 and one set of tracks. Leading east. Small, maybe female.”
“Wounded?”, Heller yelled back.
The voice floated back. “Don’t think so. There’s a hell of a lot of blood, major, but none on the trail.”
Scar grunted. “Who the hell is that? Davy Fucking Crocket?!”
“That is Corporal Gerald Swan,” Heller grinned. “The boys call him The Nose. He grew up in these parts and he can follow a trail like a bloodhound!”
Scar’s guards reappeared. Sergeant Godwin flashed him three fingers and the thumbs down sign. Scar nodded while Heller frowned. 
“I told you that we needed live prisoners!”
Scar holstered his Desert Wind, a sly look on his disfigured face. “Then you’d better hope your bloodhound is as good as they say.”
Heller brightened. “Christ, Scar, with any luck The Nose’ll follow the bastard all the way back to their main camp!”
“He’s your man, major, not mine. You can haul your ass all over these mountains if you like; me, I’m going to stay right here, have a few brews and a steak. If your man finds something, good. If not, come morning I’m going on to Bakersfield.”
Heller looked thoughtful, glanced up at Swan on the cliff, then turned and spoke to Sergeant Peter Cozens. Minutes later Cozens and three other men were climbing the cliff. Swan waited till they reached him, then led the group into the trees. Heller grinned at Scar.
“A few brews and a steak sounds good. Maybe a little tits ‘n ass on the side. Don’t worry about the one that got away. Swan will track her and Cozens knows what he’s doing.”
Scar, his left shoulder still hurting where Dink’s bullet had hit his vest, grunted and worked his arm. “Ya. That’s what you said about Rat.”
***
As Jenny Simpson stumbled along in a waking nightmare, two scenes kept playing themselves over and over in her brain: Dink’s head exploding beside her and the one-eyed man shooting Don. She tried to force the thoughts away, to concentrate on where she was going, but thoughts of all the blood and the pain kept creeping back. ‘Dead. All dead.’ First her husband and baby in Fresno, her parents, her friends and now this. ‘The world had truly gone mad. Better to just curl up and die.’
Her foot caught on a root and she stumbled. Pain lanced through her knee. As she lay there sobbing, the sound of running water reached her. Looking up she saw a sparkling stream cascading down the mountainside. Sunlight dappled the moss, turning it a brilliant green. Off to the right a doe and her fawn watched her with liquid eyes. ‘Christ,’ she thought. ‘How can nature be so beautiful and cruel at the same time?!’



Limping forward, the animals bolted and she thrust her head into the rushing water. Cold. Freezing cold! Gasping, she sat back and washed Dink’s blood from her face and hands.
“Steady now, Jenny,” she said aloud, the sound of her own voice calming her somewhat. “You’re alive. If you want to stay that way you have to get moving. Have to reach Des and Nate. Have to tell them about Don and that one-eyed bastard!”
After drinking she stood up and checked her bearings. “This must be Walker Brook,” she reasoned out loud. “If I follow it up, I should reach Des’ cabin in a few hours. They’ll find a way to fix that one-eyed son of a bitch!”
Hatred fueling her slim, aching body, she headed up the stream.
***
“Shit!”, Corporal Gerald Swan exclaimed. “Looks like she’s following the stream!”
Sergeant Cozens sat on a rounded boulder and lit a smoke. “So?”
The man known as The Nose frowned. “So, I can’t follow what I can’t see! The bitch could have gone up or down, could come out on either side. With all these rocks, tracks will be hard to find!”
Private Joe Lions grinned. The gesture made his thin face look like a ferret. “Why don’t you just sniff the cunt out, Nose? Christ, even I can smell pussy!”
The two men behind him grinned. Only Swan and Sergeant Cozens failed to see the humor. “Shut the fuck up, Lions,” Cozens growled. “The only time you ever smelled pussy was when you sniffed your sister’s bicycle seat.”
That brought real laughter from all but the ferret-faced private. Cozens turned back to Swan. “So what now? Split up, wait here, what?”
Swan removed his pack. “All of you wait here. I’ll check out downstream first. Down one side, up the other. If I don’t find anything in a quarter mile, all of us will go on up together.”
Cozens shrugged. “Fine by me. Just don’t take too fucking long, Nose, we only got a few hours of light left.”
As Swan moved down the stream, Cozens called after him. “Sure you don’t want to take Lions the Great Pussy Sniffer with you?”
Behind the burly sergeant’s back, Lions gave him the finger.
***
It was an hour before sundown by the time Jenny reached the cabin. Soaked and chilled to the bone from following the stream, she’d been about to give up when two of the Desperadoes found her. Kitty Pranks and Sally Chisholm  had gone to the stream to bath. While splashing in an icy pool, Jenny suddenly appeared. Trembling and babbling something about a one-eyed killer, they had taken her to the cabin. Shirley Bates gave her two Valium while Kitty took her blood-stained clothes out to be washed. Wrapped in a blanket and placed before the roaring fireplace, Jenny’s story slowly became more coherent.
All there listened as she described the bloodbath. When she came to the part about the one-eyed man shooting Donald Paxton, a low rumble of hatred filled the room. Phil Chalker and Mark Sandorf instinctively reached for their weapons. Lt. Sam Waterton’s quiet voice broke the ancient spell.
 “Hold on. We can’t just rush off with guns blazing.”
Mark met the ex-soldier’s gaze. “We can’t just sit here and do nothing either!”
Most of the other men who had crowded into the room rumbled agreement.
“We need to think this through”, Sam replied. “It’ll be dark soon. They’ll either be long gone or waiting for you. Either way Don and the others will still be dead. It won’t help any if you join them.”
Mark sighed in frustration. “Well, I wish to Hell that Des and Nate were back. We gotta do something, for Christ’s sake!”
Sam placed a friendly hand on the man’s shoulder. “We will do something, but first we have to know what we face. Find out their strengths and weaknesses.”
“More bloody ‘planning’!”, Mark hissed, clearly unwilling to wait.
“It’s Sam’s planning that’s kept us alive so far!” Shirley Bates said, her thin face flushed with anger. Marla Stevens moved up beside Shirley and nodded agreement.
“She’s right, Mark,” Sanjo Delacarla added. “Sam’s ideas have helped us plenty. Besides, we should at least wait for Des and Nate to come back. Hell, there’s less than a dozen of us here now!”
***
As the debate continued, outside Private Gerald ‘The Nose’ Swan pulled the dead guard’s dead body  into the shadows of the old barn and quietly slipped back through the trees to where Sergeant Cozens and the others waited. 
“Well?”, Cozens grunted.
Swan gave him the thumbs up sign. “She led us right to them. Big cabin and several outbuildings. Chickens, goats. Christ, I even saw a pig.”
“Fuck the pigs! How many men?”
Swan shrugged. “Ten, twelve. Hard to tell. Light’s fading and there was a guy down by the barn.”
“’Was’?”
Swan shrugged again. “He surprised me. Actually we surprised each other. I had to knife him.”
“Shit!”, Cozens growled. “I was hoping we could take them here and now!”
Lions’ high voice butted in. “Five of us, a dozen of them. Poor odds, Sarge. I think...”
Cozens silenced him with a cold glare. In the lengthening shadows the burly sergeant made his decision. “Swan, get us back down to the others double quick. We’ll let Heller and that one-eyed bastard work this out.”
Swan, Cozens and his men were halfway back down when Des, Nate and the rest of the Desperadoes, coming up the opposite side of the mountain, arrived at the cabin. Just moments ago the dead guard had been found. Josh and his crew, all crowded into the LAV, were momentarily ignored as the news of the killings was retold.
“This one-eyed man,” Josh asked a few minutes later. “Was he tall, black haired and scarred?”
“So Jenny says,” Des replied. “You think he’s the same fella you’re after?”
Josh didn’t bother to reply. Instead he stood at the window gazing out at the fading sunset. Flame moved to his side. Jessie sat on the cabin’s front steps scratching the hound’s ears. Nate, Cobb and Sam Waterford were talking quietly off to one side. Cobb walked over to Josh, Nate and Sam following.
“Doesn’t look good, Josh,” Cobb said. “The dead guard means this place is compromised. Come first light, they’ll be swarming all over us.”
“It’s him, Cobb. I can feel it.” 
There was an intensity in Josh’s voice that Cobb hadn’t heard since he left the Special Forces. Lot’s of boys back then had a real narrow version of the world --- mainly ‘revenge at all costs’.
“It probably is him”, Cobb replied. “That still doesn’t change the fact that this place is a death-trap.”
“I agree” Josh said coldly. “But for us or for him?”
Cobb shrugged. “That depends on how many he sends against us and how good this here group is.”
“Damned good,” Nate grinned, slapping Cobb good-naturedly on the back. “We were good before Sam came. We’re twice as good now.”
***

Chapter 42



Los Padres National Forest
Sierra Madre Mts.
California, May 9th

Later that evening, Greta, monitoring the radio in the LAV, had overheard Scar and Heller calling up a full scale attack of all their remaining troops. This news had been passed on to Josh and the other leaders who had quickly decided it best to cancel the ambush they were planning for the morning and beat a hasty withdrawal instead. Cobb and Jessie were chosen to act as rear guards. Taking only water and extra amo, those two headed down the stream to setup a ‘delaying action’. Back at the cabin some of the Desperadoes were less than pleased with the withdrawal.
“So that’s it?”, Phil Chalker demanded. “We just turn tail and run?” 
Phil’s friend, Mark Sandorf, glared at Sam. “What about your big words about ‘making them pay’ for what they did to Don Paxton and his group?!”
Sam ran his hand through his dark hair. “When there was just a few of them, Mark, we stood a chance. As long as they stayed on the trail, we could contain them. But now, with close to a hundred troops and heavy weapons...”
Just then Eddy burst in, a walkie-talkie in his hand. “Jess and Cobb both say they already have to pull back. There’s way too many moving up at once!” As though to drive home the point, the sound of distant shots reached them.
“Where’s Des?!” Jenny Simpson demanded. “You can’t let that one-eyed bastard kill him too!” Her eyes were wide, her voice near panic. Faith Cummings left her father’s side and took Jenny’s hand.
“Des will be alright, Jen. He’s out back with the others getting the trucks loaded. We’re all going to leave together.”
An explosion suddenly rattled the windows in the cabin. Dirt spattered off the glass. Flame moved towards the door and met Cobb taking the steps two at a time. Jessie stood outside watching their backtrail. 
“Some heavy shit coming down,” she said.
“Real heavy,” Cobb replied. “Mortars.” He turned to Josh. “They’ll be trying to outflank us.”
“Time to go, folks,” Josh said, then motioned for his oh so competent son to follow him.
Faith went to help her father rise from his chair. The old man, his arthritic hands clutching a double-barreled shotgun, shook his head. “You go along now, Faith. I’ll be staying here a spell.”
Faith looked down at her father with uncomprehending eyes. “But Dad, we have to go now! They’ll be here any minute!”
George Cumming’s looked up at his daughter, his lined face set in a determined grimace. “I’m tired of the pain, Faith. I came up here for one last look at the mountains. I’ve seen them. Now I just want the pain to end.”
Tears coursing down her cheeks, Faith knelt by her father’s side, her hand seeking his. “I know about your legs, Dad. I’ve know for a year.”
George stiffened, then squeezed her hand. “Then you also know that I can’t last much longer. You go now, Faith. I’ll be just fine here.”
“Nooooo!”, she cried. Jenny and Flame pulled her to her feet. 
“Let it go, girl,” Flame said. “It’s the way he wants it.” 
Suddenly standing straight, Faith took a deep breath, bent forward and kissed her father’s brow, then let the two women to lead her out the back door. Nate, his flippant manner uncharacteristically absent, strode over to his old friend. “Give ‘em hell, George.” His voice broke as a single tear tricked down his weathered cheek. 
George nodded, tears of his own now watering his pain-wracked eyes. Biting his lip, Nate offered the chair bound man his hand. They shook in silence, then Nate followed the others out to the waiting trucks.
***
It had been a classic flanking move. Heller’s group kept the defenders busy while Scar and his men moved in from both sides. Across the clearing Sergeant Salzin’s boys were even now raking the trucks.
“They’re making a break for it, Captain!”
Scar glanced at Lieutenant MacBean, then nodded to Goldberg. Bracing the heavy caliber machinegun on his hip, the sergeant cut loose at the cluster of people running for the trucks. Several went down right away. Others dove for cover. Then Scar’s mortar team opened up. One of the trucks exploded, then another. Screams filled the air. One body, engulfed in flames, staggered about like a wind-up toy run amuck. As it shuffled towards him, Scar raised his automatic and shot three times.
“Things seem to be working out,” Scar muttered to himself.
Then Goldberg was flung backwards, his 50. caliber smoking yet silent. Scar saw a small hole in Goldberg’s forehead, but he back of the head was missing. As Scar watched, a red dot appeared on the back of his radioman’s neck. A second later the man toppled over. Scar swore and flung himself to the ground. Hot led sizzled by just inches from his ear. Behind him the second member of his mortar team was struck in the chest.
***
Cobb slung his rifle and sprinted for the LAV, cursing the luck that had caused him to miss Scar. Bobby Stewart already had the large diesel motor revving. Enrico was spraying tracer bullets all around the corpse-laden clearing. Two of the six trucks owned by the Desperadoes were already racing down the trail. The four others were in flames. Eddy grabbed Cob’s outstretched arm and helped him in the hatch. Flame and Jessie fired through the smoke.
“Cutting it close, Sport!”, Eddy yelled, slamming the heavy door. The hound, Og, gave Cobb a lick. Flame planted a wet one of her own on his smoke-smeared face.
“I saw what you did back there,” she beamed. “Pretty damned stupid.”
Cobb shrugged and moved into the main section. From overhead the thunder of the 50. caliber had ceased. Jenny and Faith were crowded together in one corner. Nate sat with the others. Josh stood hunched over Greta at the radar screen.
“How’s it look?”, Cobb asked.
Josh frowned. “Not good. Only two trucks got out.”
Cobb remained silent for several moments. When he did speak, anger seeped through. “I had him in my sights.” 
“And --- ?”
“The bastard moved.”
Josh’s gaze flicked to the dark haired man, then back to the greenish screen.
“Next time,” he said, the words more a silent prayer than a spoken statement.
***
“I’ll ask you once more, old man; where were they going?”
George Cummings, his gnarled hands bound behind him, sat defiantly in the same chair his daughter had last seen him in. Blood tricked off his chin and one eye was swollen shut. The shotgun lay at his feet. He’d killed the first two through the door. Scar had been the third.
“Go to hell!”, George spat.
On a nod from Scar, Private Lions slammed his rifle butt into the old man’s stomach. George doubled over and would have fallen except that Sergeant Cozens and another soldier held him fast. Grinning like an idiot, Lions moved in for another go. Scar stopped him with a raised hand. “Drag that table over here.”
As the table was pulled into place, Scar slowly drew a heavy survival knife. The long serrated blade glittered in the fading light. “Place his hand on the table, fingers wide.” As Cozens and Lions did as they were bid, Scar’s face stretched into a hideous smile. “I want their names and I want to know where they were going. And old man, sooner or later I always get what I want.”
George snorted. “Do your worst, Scab-Face. I’m past caring. But you’ll care. When that fella Josh catches up with you, you’ll care one Hell of a lot!”
The glittering blade hovered over George’s arthritic fingers. “Who is this ‘Josh’?”
George glared back defiantly. “Someone that’s come a long way to find you. From back east; a little place called Hawthorn. Heard of it?”
Scar, his mind suddenly filled with long buried fears, was once again the hunted scarecrow; jumping at shadows; too tired to run and too terrified to stop. George, seeing Scar pale, warmed to his tale. 
“Followed you for half a year and you never even saw his face. Christ, you never even knew his name! But he knows yours. Knows your ways, your habits and the scum you run with! Thanks to me, he also knows your some big shit with Jocco’s Tax Guards.” George sat back, a smug smile on his weathered features. “So carve away, One-Eye. My wife’s waiting and I’m long overdue, but remember this --- if Nate or Des don’t get you, Josh Williams sure as Hell will!”
Lions looked from Scar to Cozens, then back to Scar. A vein pulsed in the one-eyed man’s forehead. Sweat coursed down his mutilated face, his good eye wild and bright. Suddenly, screaming out of fear as much as from rage, Scar plunged the long knife into George’s chest. As the old man sagged back in the chair, a smile spread across his lined face. The features relaxed, free of pain for he first time in years. Scar, seeing the smile, yanked out the knife and began hacking at the body. Blood spattered the table and the men standing slack-jawed about it. As the heavy blade rose and fell, the pool of blood on the cabin floor began to spread. Over the meaty sound of the blows, Cozens hissed at Lions.
“Get Heller! Now!”
Lions, unaware that a damp stain of another kind was spreading over his crotch, fled out the door.
***
Rick, his black hair falling over his eyes, stuck his head down from the forward gunner’s hatch into the main compartment. “Trouble up ahead, Josh. Road’s blocked and one of our trucks is burning.”
From her place in the corner, Faith paled. Jenny, her eyes flashing, clenched her jaw. Greta flipped a switch and the radar screen showed a magnified forward view. The LAV’s sophisticated sensors picked up not only moving objects, but heat as well. The screen looked red-hot.
Josh punched the intercom button. “Bobby! What’s up?”
Bobby Stewart’s voice came back tiny and high. “”Roadblock! Some of them must have got ahead of us! One of our truck’s been hit dead on! The other one’s off the trail!”
Josh frowned. “Get us in close, Bobby. Rick, Enrico, give us cover.”
Greta focused the screen. Orange lines flashed across its surface. A glowing blob indicated the burning truck. A darker square showed the second truck. Smaller blips were clustered about it. Further down the trail, single blips showed, orange lines streaking towards the second truck. As the LAV picked up speed, the chatter of the forward machinegun and the lower booming of the 50. caliber filled the compartment. Thicker lines flashed across the screen, the night-scopes on the LAV’s heavier guns giving Rick and Enrico an advantage.
Then the LAV was beside the last remaining truck. Overhead Rick and Enrico kept up their coverfire. Eddy swung the rear hatch open. Cobb knelt in the opening, his laser-sighted H & K sweeping both sides of the trail. Sporadic fire still came in, yet it was wild and not sustained. Cobb fired a burst as the three survivors turned towards the LAV. 
Suddenly a rocket streaked out of the trees, hitting the last truck directly in the gastank. The vehicle lifted into the air and flopped down, jarring the LAV and crushing all three men. Des was one of them. 
Cobb, his face lit by the ruddy flames, mouthed a silent curse. Eddy pulled him back inside, beating out the flames from the spilt gas.
Jessie sprayed them both with a fire extinguisher, then slammed the hatch shut. Flame, seeing Cobb wasn’t seriously hurt, turned to Josh. “There’s nothing we can do for them, lover. Let’s get the hell out of here!”
Josh glanced at his son and nodded. Jessie hit the intercom button. “Move it, Bobby!”
The LAV raced down the trail, leaving the dead and the dying to the stillness of the forest.
***

Chapter 43



Séquoia National Forest
Sierra Nevada Mts.
California, May 12th, 1 AC

After picking up the vans left behind in Sandberg, they fled northward. They drove in shifts, wanting to put as much distance between themselves and Scar’s troops as possible. Heart-sick and dispirited, they pressed on for two days. At Mojave they found the Interstate 395 hopelessly blocked with rusting cars. In a daring move, they decided to take the Los Angeles Aqueduct north to where it cut #178. From there they headed west into the Sequoia National Forest. With the giant trees towering above them, they came at last to Lake Isabella, where tired, stiff and road-weary, they finally stopped to bathe in the soothing waters of the Miracle Hot Springs. While the women soaked in the pools, Jessie and most of the men went off to see what could be found in the deserted resort town. Cobb, ever mindful of security, took up sentry duty on a nearby rise. At the Westfalia, Josh and Nate poured over a map.
“And you say this Jim Carroll and his bunch often use this place?”
Nate, his usual twinkling eyes now cloudy with fatigue, nodded, tracing a weathered finger over the map. “They were here three months ago when I last passed through. Though, since they blew up that temple a few weeks ago, I guess Jim figured they were a little too close to Bakersfield.” The light sparkled for an instant in his brown eyes. “They say the Mighty King Jocco was real pissed about losing another one of his precious temples.”
Josh set the teakettle on the camper’s stove, then dug out his pipe. “Where do you think Carroll is now?”
Nate snorted, waving a hand at the mountains all around them. “Christ, Josh, Jim could be anywhere.
Josh leaned closer. “If you were him, where would you go?”
Nate removed his battered old Stetson and scratched his long hair. “Further north. Tule River maybe. If not there, then up in King’s Canyon.”
Josh studied the map, finding an area marked ‘Tule River Indian Reservation’. “Carroll doesn’t sound like an Indian name?”
“It aint. His wife’s Indian. Least, she was. Now she’s just dead.”
Josh ignored the note of despair in the man’s voice. “What’s this ‘King’s Canyon’ place?”
Nate replaced his hat, some of his former cockiness returning. “Just the biggest goddamned piece of wilderness in the whole state. If Jim took his boys in there, you could look for a year and still never find him.”
The kettle began to boil and Josh made the tea. “We’ll try the reservation first.” 
Nate shook his head. “Suppose you do link up with Jim Carroll? Then what? You still planning to go after that one-eyed psycho?”
Josh nodded, pouring the tea.
Nate sighed. “But what if Big Jim doesn’t see it that way?”
“Then,” Josh smiled, clinking his mug to Nate’s; “we’ll just have to do it alone.”
“’We’?”, Nate repeated. “You that sure of me, youngster?”
Josh smiled, yet there was more than a hint of ice in his voice. “That ‘one-eyed psycho’ as you called him has killed more of your friends than he has mine. I figure you’ll come along, if only to spit in his good eye before I kill him.”
Nate looked at  the younger man for some time. “You’re a hard headed bastard, I’ll give you that.”
Josh grinned. “Same to you, fella. Now drink up, we’re heading for King’s Canyon.”
***
Jim Carroll, leader of the Bakersfield Rebels, was cut from a very different cloth than the late Desmond Bardow. Where Des had been quiet and soft-spoken, Jim was brusque and frequently crude. Where Des had guided men by his gentle manner, Big Jim Carroll led by example and by the force of his character. Few people said ‘no’ to Big Jim.
In size the two men differed as well. Des would have blended in easily in a crowd; Jim, due to his size, bushy beard and booming voice, stood out like a sore thumb.
And a ‘sore thumb’ was just what Big Jim was to Jocco. Ever since the Army of the Dark Stranger had began its ruthless takeover of southern California, Jim Carroll had been resisting the tyrant in every way he could. A former rancher, truck driver and union leader, Big Jim had organized scattered, disheartened survivors into a well-armed group that, in his own words, ‘Don’t take no shit from nobody!’.
Now, peering through a portable high-powered telescope, Jim Carroll turned to John TwoRivers, jutting his bearded jaw towards the LAV and the two vans parked down below.
“Who the Christ has that old fart Nate dragged up here this time?”
TwoRivers, laconic to the point of lock-jaw, shrugged poetically. He had known Carroll for over ten years, ever since his sister had married the boisterous rancher/truck driver. Like most of his family, John TwoRivers had been against the marriage from the start, thinking his younger sister foolish to give her heart to a fork-tongued white man.  Over the years however, TwoRivers had been proven wrong. Not only were the couple sublimely happy, but Jim, when not on the road, actually lived on the reservation. So adapt did the lumbering white become at hunting and tracking and so keen and wise seemed his council, the elders of the tribe invited him into their inner circle, giving him the name Black Bear. In time, Jim became not only TwoRivers’ brother-in-law, but his ‘blood-brother’ as well. This sharing of blood had ironically been the reason that they had both survived the China Lake Plague.
Jim put his eye to the telescope. “Over a dozen of them down there. And look at the hardware on that truck! Looks more like a fucking tank!”
TwoRivers nodded, knowing full well what was coming. Ever since his hot-headed friend had seen first-hand what Jocco’s people were doing to any and all survivors, he had become obsessed with stopping Jocco any way he could; armed resistance; ambushes; quick, deadly raids on Jocco’s outposts. The burning of the Bakersfield temple had been Jim’s most daring move --- and most costly. Seven dead. Two captured. 
And they’d been running ever since. The armored truck down below might just give them the edge they needed. “Have your group move in slowly, but keep the rest here. I’m going down and talk with Nate.”
TwoRivers nodded towards the lone sentry sitting in the shade of a two-hundred year old Sequoia.
“Ya, I see him,” Jim rumbled. “The bugger’s wearing Kevlar and his piece is fixed with a laser sight.”
As Carroll started down the hill, TwoRivers’ hand gripped his large friend.
“For Christ sake, John, I told you I saw him!”
TwoRivers said something in his native tongue then once again gave his economical shrug. Big Jim snorted and moved off down the slope.
***
At the same time that Jim Carroll was striding towards the LAV, over a hundred miles to the south Roy Heller was having a one-sided conversation with his boss. Jocco, it seemed, was clearly pissed off. He’d been upset to hear the number of his men that had been wiped out by the rebels, but the part that had really burned his ass was finding out that most of the rebel leaders had escaped.
Roy Heller winced and held the mike at arm’s length. Static and swear words crackled over the airways. “ --- and if you and that --- sucking bastard can’t --- their fucking heads I’ll --- yours! Is --- that --- ing clear?!”
“Sure, Jocco, sure. We’ll get them. We know most of their names.”
More swearing poured out of the radio. Heller winced again and glanced at Scar. The one-eyed captain suddenly grabbed the mike.
“It was him, Jocco!”, the man once known as Rambo growled. “The same goddamn farmer that followed me from back east!”
Back in his ivy-league palace, Jocco’s eyebrow rose. Here was an interesting bit of news. The wheels and cogs of his sinister mind began working overtime. How best to turn it to his advantage? Then another thought began to form, rising like a bubble from deep beneath the surface; teasing, tantalizing, even taunting him. Could it be that he had at last found a truly ‘worthy opponent’? Someone to finally to ‘challenge’ his own abilities? 
Jocco’s shrewd eyes flicked over his officers as they circled him like a pack of wolves; sleek, nervous, waiting. Just the way he liked them. His announcement the day before to send a strike force to the East Coast had caused quite a stir. Tension now hung in the air like the calm before a storm. Off to one side Walter Pinkton, wrapped in his stately black robes, watched like a hungry vulture. Of them all, only Pussbag remained calm, a loyal dog confidant that his Master could do no wrong. Jocco smiled, then turned his attention back to the radio. His voice was deceptively low.
“Captain Scar, are you quite sure this is the same man you wanted to go back east to kill?”
“Of course I’m fucking sure!”
“Well then,” Jocco chuckled. “It would seem the mountain has come to Mohamed.”
“What?!”
Jocco’s smile widened. “Never mind, captain. The point is that it now seems you shall get your chance at revenge much sooner than you thought.”
Scar sounded both eager as well as impatient. “Just send me the rest of my Tax Guards, some bloody armored support and I’ll ---”
“You will do, Captain”, Jocco cut in, his voice suddenly as cold as steel; “exactly what I tell you to do! If not, then it will be you nailed to a telephone pole and not your farmer friend. Is that perfectly clear?”
There was a pause, filled only with the static from the radio --- then Scar’s voice was heard. “Perfectly --- My Lord.”
“Splendid!”, Jocco grinned, his voice however, retained its icy edge. “You’ll continue on to Bakersfield and complete your mission. Find the men who burned my temple and bring me their heads!” There was a pause, filled with more tension than static. When Jocco continued, his voice was once again velvet coated, the voice of a big brother or a trusted old friend. “Scar, listen to me. I told you I’d send you back east and I will. But first I need this Bakersfield thing settled. This rebellion needs to be nipped in the bud before it spreads. Besides, with any luck, taking care of my problem might just solve yours as well.”
Miles away, Scar frowned. “Ya?”, he muttered. “How do ya figger that?”
Jocco continued. “Well, it seems that this Mister Williams is as keen on killing you as you are him. If you continue on to Bakersfield, chances are he’ll turn up there as well. That way we get two birds with one stone, captain --- or should I say ‘major’.”
Scar turned this over in his mind. “You’ll send me the men I need?”
“Better than that, captain,” Jocco beamed. “I’ll bring them myself. A full armored division; tanks, trucks, rockets, the works. How does that sound?”
Scar was both delighted yet wary at the same time. He knew that bastards like Jocco never did anything for nothing. “It sounds fucking-A. But why would you come yourself?”
Jocco’s velvet chuckle came through the speaker. “I think the peasants up there need a show of strength to remind them exactly who’s in control. I’ll be in Bakersfield in three days. Meet me there.”
Scar was left with a dead mike in his hand and a uneasy feeling in his stomach.
***
Jim Carroll, up to his neck in the natural hot springs, took another long pull on the bottle, belched and passed it on. Sam Waterton took a polite sip and offered it to Josh, who did the same. Nate retrieved the bottle, downed a hearty slug, then put it aside. Clouds of steam billowed around the four men and drifted off into the cool, crisp air.



“Well, Nate,” Jim rumbled, his fingers raking through his dripping beard. “We’ve said ‘how-do’, passed the jug and soaked our asses, now let’s cut all the bullshit. What the hell do you want?”
Nate shook his head and flicked his finger over his dripping moustache. “You always were a polite bastard, Jim. That’s why I like you so much.”
Jim Carroll returned the older man’s grin. “Never had much time for chit-chat, Nate. I leave that to you and other the old women.”
Nate sighed. “Alright, I’ll tell you straight, but you aint gunna to like it.”
“Try me.”
The old cowboy set his jaw and began.“Don Paxton and his bunch are dead. Jenny over there is the only one that got out alive.” He waved his hand towards the others moving about the camp. “Des and over half his crew were also killed, and what you see here is all that’s left of both groups. Faith Cummings’ father, George, was also killed.”
The words struck the big man like a blow. “Don and Des are both dead?”
 Nate nodded. 
Jim Caroll’s tanned face paled, then flushed with anger. “Jocco?!” It was more a curse than a question.
“He wasn’t there, but they were his men,” Nate replied.
Under his beard, the Big Jim’s jaw clenched tight like a vice. It was some time before he spoke; when he did  it was to Josh more than Nate. “What do you want from me?”
“Your help,” Josh answered.
“Ya? To do what? Help you get away? To hide?”
Josh’s words were as cold as Jim’s were hot. “To kill them. Kill them all.”
Jim Carroll was taken back for the second time in as many minutes. “ALL of them?”
Josh nodded.
“Jocco too?”
“Especially him.”
Jim’s face creased into a wicked grin as he turned to Nate. “He’s a right bloodthirsty bastard, aint he?”
Nate grunted and reached for the bottle. “My thoughts exactly.”
***

Chapter 44



Temple of the Dark Stranger
Bakersfield, California 
May 19th

Jocco had been in town for four days and so far all he’d heard was excuses. Excuses why the temple wasn’t repaired; why the taxes weren’t collected; why the power wasn’t working. He’d just finished listening to Bakersfield's mayor explain why the water wasn’t running. To break the boredom he’d had the man hanged.
But the thing that really set him off was the fact that there wasn’t a trace of the rebels. He’d tried threats against the local citizens and when that didn’t work he’d had Pussbag torture a few of them in the town square. Even now their mangled bodies hung alongside the late mayor’s. Nothing, alas, seemed to work.
Now, sitting in the main hall of the temple, his predatory gaze moved around the fire-scorched room. Seeing Bobby-Joe Burlis, he motioned for the man to attend him. Bobby-Joe moved nervously forward. Stepping over a charred fallen roof beam, he bowed when he reached the soot-covered dais. Most of the time Jocco forgoes such formalities, but Bobby-Joe wasn’t taking any chances.
“Any news, Bobby?”
“Not much, Boss. I’ve got scouting parties out, but so far only those up in Fresno have reported in.”
“And?”
Bobby-Joe shrugged. “A few farmers mouthing off, but Reg and his boys shut them up real quick.”
Jocco leaned forward, his dark eyes hard as coal. “What about the rebels?”
Bobby-Joe suddenly started to sweat. “Not a hell of a lot. George the Man reported in last night that some bugger took a shot at them, but it was nothing.”
“And just where is George?”
“East of here. Up in the big trees.” 
Jocco’s eyes narrowed. “Find Ace. Tell him I want the copter ready to go in half an hour.”
“But it was probably just some hunter pissed out of his skull.”
“Get Ace.”
Bobby-Joe caught the warning rumble and hurried backed away. “Sure thing, Boss. Anything you say.”
Half an hour later Jocco climbed aboard the helicopter, followed by Tim Galt and Pam Gliss. Pam the Bitch carried a high powered tranquilizer gun. Tim took his place at the .50 caliber suspended over the open side door. Ace Henson was already on board.
“Where to, Boss?”
“East.”
Ace ogled Pam with hungry eyes, starting with her tight jeans and ending with her open flak-jacket. “Anywhere special, or is this just a ‘fun flight’?”
Jocco drew his pearl-handled .45 and worked the slide. “Hunting trip, Ace. Now shut the fuck up and get us off the ground.”
Pam’s throaty laughter was drowned out by the roar of the blades.
***
John TwoTrees and three others had been out hunting since early morning. They were heading back to Miracle Springs with a buck slung on a pole when the helicopter suddenly topped a rise. Wind and noise hit him like a wall. John yelled a warning and dove to the ground. Squinting through dust-filled eyes, he saw sunlight reflecting off the copter’s wasp-like body. A voice, amplified and menacing, cut through the manmade hurricane.
“Drop your weapons and raise your hands.”
Before TwoTrees could decide on what to do, one of his men fired at the copter. That was all Jocco needed. He nodded to Tim Galt, who, sitting in the open side door swung the .50 caliber around and opened fire. 



Heavy slugs tore up the ground all around the four men. Ginning like the Mad Hatter, Timmy-boy raked the open hillside. Rocks, moss and small scrub flew through the air --- as well as bits and pieces of man and deer. When it was over two men lay dead. The third one, his younger cousin,  Billy Bluejay, lay screaming, frantically holding the remains of his shattered leg. John TwoTrees hadn’t been touched.
Hovering above, Jocco nodded to Tim, then picked up the mike. His voice took on the tone of an indulgent father talking to his wayward child. “That was not a very smart move, friend. Perhaps we should try again. Drop your weapons and raise your hands.”
John TwoTrees glanced over at his wounded cousin and decided to go out fighting. As usual, however, Jocco had other plans. As John reached for his rifle, Pam the Bitch shot him in his right shoulder with a tranquilizer dart, then turned her gun on Billy. Through a rapidly growing haze, John saw the chopper float down towards him. Billy’s screams faded away as a man and a woman moved towards him. He felt their hands on him, lifting him like a newborn, then he felt nothing at all.
***
Later that day, when the scream reached its pitch, John TwoTrees snapped awake. He found himself tied naked to a rusting bedspring. Billy Bluejay lay strapped to a table in the center of the room. A strange looking man with wild hair and even wilder eyes was probing Billy’s shattered knee with a long bayonet. Billy screamed again, then fainted. John TwoTrees shut his eyes, willing it to be all just a crazy dream. A velvet voice, however, cut through the pain, the drugs and the mind-numbing shock.
“Ahhh, so you’re awake at last? Too bad you missed the beginning of the show --- but then the ‘main event’ is still to come.”
The owner of the voice stood off to one side. The man with the wild eyes joined him, the bayonet still dripping. The owner of the velvet voice glided towards the bed and leaned down, his smile a cold threat.
“I’m a busy man, so I’ll get right to the point. Unless you answer my questions, my companion here will cut off your friend’s leg. If you persist in being stubborn, he’ll cut off the other one. After that he’ll go on to more ‘private parts’.” The man’s smile widened. John was reminded of a hungry wolf. “So, what shall it be? Cooperation --- or amputation?”
John TwoTrees somehow managed to raise his head. “Go to hell!”
The man’s smile widened even further. He nodded and the man with the bayonet moved eagerly towards the unconscious youth. As the long blade began to do its grizzly work, John TwoTrees cried out for them to stop. The smiling man leaned closer.
“You’ll answer all my questions?”
John nodded, hating himself but knowing he had no choice. Billy Bluejay was his brother’s son, all that was left of his family. If he’d been by himself...
“Good,” the velvet voice gloated. “Now, tell me all about your other friends; the ones from far away.”
John TwoTrees felt something die deep within him.
Half an hour later Jocco was having multiple copies made of the information John TwoTrees had reluctantly supplied. As well as information on Jim Carroll and his rebels, Jocco now had a detailed description of Josh’s group, including the LAV and the two Westfalia. Within an hour every one of Jocco’s soldiers had a copy.
***
Jim Carroll gently replaced the blanket and stood up. Neither of the bodies were easily recognizable. Rage and sorrow warred within him, contorting his weathered features. 


At last Jim turned to the man beside him.
“You saw them land?”
The man nodded. “Heard them first. Then a hell of a lot of shooting.” He raised his hand, pointing at a distant hill. “By the time I topped that rise the copter was already down. They hauled something inside and left. Headed back west towards Bakersfield.”
Jim Carroll walked over to Nate and the strangers, but his eyes were on Josh. “Jocco’s men. They took John and his nephew. I want them back.”
“Easy Jim,” Nate put in. “If they’re not dead already they soon will be. Jocco’s not known for his hospitality.”
Big Jim ignored him, continuing to stare at Josh. “I’m going after them. I’ll need your truck.”
Josh held the large man’s gaze. “Are you asking or telling?”
“Take your pick.”
“Wait a minute,” Nate said, stepping in between the two men. “This is just what they want, for us to ride in with our guns blazing! Why do you think they took them alive in the first place?!”
Jim glanced quickly at Nate, then back to Josh. “I’m still going and I still need your truck.”
Josh looked at Jessie, Cobb and Flame. All three nodded. Josh turned back to the rebel leader. “We’ll go with you, but on one condition. Some of us go in and scout around first. Agreed?”
Big Jim Carroll paused, nodded, then turned and began striding back down the hill, calling to his men as he went.
Nate took off his hat and ran a hand through his grey hair. “I don’t like it, Josh. The odd ambush is one thing, walking into the lion’s den is another.”
Josh smiled. “Let’s start with a peek inside the door.”
“And after that?”
“One step at a time, Nate; one step at a time.”
A half hour later they were headed east along Highway 178. With the LAV in front, followed by the two vans and the rest of the rebels crowded into three trucks, the unlikely caravan reached the outskirts of Bakersfield just before sunset. Using an abandoned community center as their base, they hid the LAV and the trucks, then Josh, Cobb, Flame and a young half-breed named Gill Sweetwater took the Westphalia into town. At the corner of 158 and Panorama Drive they came to their first roadblock.
***

Chapter 45



The Trail’s End Bar
Bakersfield, California, May 20th

“I don’t like this,” Gill whispered.
Josh geared down and prepared to stop. It was full dark now and the makeshift guard post was lit by a single lantern. A man armed with a rifle stood by the lowered barricade. Another sat just inside the small shack. A sheet of paper with a complete description of Josh’s group lay unread on the table beside him. Apparently the guard was more interested in where the staples were placed in Miss September than in any ‘hurry up and wait’ orders from on high.
“Just smile and keep quiet,” Josh replied. “Flame knows what to do.”
Gill Sweetwater sat back, nervously fingering the snub-nosed .38 in his belt. He’d gone to school in Bakersfield and had willingly volunteered to come along as a guide. Now, however, he wished he had kept his big mouth shut.
A flashlight beam splashed through the passenger window. Flame smiled sweetly, her Smith & Wesson cocked and ready on her lap. The light flickered over the inside of the van, then back to Flame.
“Hello there, Sweet Thing,” a voice behind the light said. “Where have you been all my life?”
Flame’s smile broadened. “Looking for the right man.”
The light moved down to her ample chest, then back up.
“Consider him found.”
Still smiling, Flame grabbed the man’s wrist with her left hand and yanked. As his arm came inside the cab she shoved the barrel of her .44 into his open mouth. “Consider this, asshole!”
Cobb was out of the van and inside the small shack before the second guard knew anything was wrong. Slamming the heel of his hand under the man’s jaw, Cobb was checking for a third party before the guard slumped to the floor. He need not have bothered. Except for a plentiful supply of glossy centerfolds, the tiny hut was empty.
Back at the van Jessie had the first guard tied and gagged by the time a wide-eyed Gill Sweetwater stepped out. “Kee-rist!”, he said in awe. “You white men don’t fool around!”
Flame winked at him, shoving her S & W back in her shoulder holster. Gill’s eyes followed her, torn between watching the large gun and her equally bewitching breasts. “Stick around, sonny. You aint seen nothing yet.”
Gill’s tanned face reddened.
Cobb returned, the unconscious guard draped over his shoulder. Josh grinned at him, then spoke to Jess. “Help Cobb drag those two into the bushes. Gill, lend a hand.”
“You’re not going to kill them?”, the young half-breed asked.
Josh smiled. “No, I’m not. And neither are you. Now move it.”
“But,” Gill protested, “they would have killed us.”
Jessie put his hand on Gill’s shoulder, his smile a carbon copy of his father’s. “Only if we’d given them the chance.”
Gill shook his head, bending over to lift the legs of the first guard. Jessie had duct taped him into a living mummy. “Crazy whites,” he muttered.
Twenty minutes later Gill had them turn into what was left of the East Hills Mall. Rusting cars sitting lopsidedly on flats littered the once tidy parkinglot. Most of the store windows were broken. Glass and unwanted loot sparkled in the Westfalia’s headlights. Several of the buildings had been burnt to the ground.
“Why here, Gill?”, Jessie asked.
“There’s a bar. At least, there was a few months ago.” The half-breed shrugged. “It’s as good a place as any to start nosing around.”
Flame slapped Gill on his knee. “You’re learning fast, kid.”
***
The Trail’s End Bar was at the far end of the mall. A lantern dimly lit the once proud neon sign. The adjoining building was a burnt out hulk. Several vehicles still in working order were parked outside. As they watched, a dented pick-up pulled in beside them. Four men and two women poured out and headed for the watering hole, though by the drunken laughter, the Trail’s End hadn’t been their first stop.
“Who goes and who stays?”, Cobb asked.
“Gill and I go in,” Josh replied. “You follow three minutes later. Jess and Flame watch the van.”
“Bullshit!”, Flame said, putting all her considerable emotion into it. “Same old bullshit every time! You get all the action and I get to mind the kids! Well, not this time, Lover.” A second later she was out the van and striding towards the bar. 
Josh swore, then turned to Jessie. “You and Gill stay here.” Then he was out of the van and heading towards the bar. Cobb flowed along beside him like a second shadow.
From his place behind the bar, a balding man with thick glasses perched on a drinker’s nose stood frowning at the four men and two women who had just entered his humble establishment. Hairy Legg, born Harold Manny Legowitz some fifty-two years ago in L.A.’s poor Jewish section, had both seen and been many things in his life; chief among them were a stand-up comedian and an alcoholic. The one thing he still was, however, was an excellent judge of character. Handling twenty years of drunken hecklers in hundreds of third-rate lounges had honed his cutting-humor to a fine edge. The world, according to Hairy Legg, was made up of two very uneven categories: one tenth assbusters and nine tenths assholes. The four men and two women sitting before him all fell into the latter category. Loud-mouthed, dangerous, sullen or simply hangers-on they might be, each according to their own bent, but grade-A assholes one and all.
Mage, Hairy’s waitress-bookkeeper-bedwarmer had hurried over to them and was now doing her best to ignore one of the men’s hand working its way up her thigh. From his chair in the corner, Big Glen the bouncer tightened his grip on the sawed-off 12 gage across his lap and watched Hairy for a sign. Hairy’s own hand moved towards the Colt Double Eagle beneath the counter, fluttered over the walnut grip, then pulled away. ‘Fuck it!’, Hairy reasoned. He had never liked guns much, and was a piss-poor shot at best. Besides, Mage could take care of herself. If not, there was always Big Glen.
One of the men uttered some witticism that sent the mousy broad with him into a fit of drunken laughter. 
‘Snorts like a sow!’, the comic inside Hairy quipped. ‘Probably smells like one too!’ He signaled Big Glen to relax.
The door opened and Flame stormed in, her luxuriant hair flowing about her, her temper reaching even further.
‘Now there’s a real assbuster!’, Hairy thought. The comic inside him agreed wholeheartedly.
Flame marched up to the bar and fixed Hairy with her emerald eyes. “A shot of your best, Baldy. Make it a double.”
Hairy smiled, then dug out a dusty bottle of Johnny Walker. As he poured the liquid fire into a semi-clean glass, two men followed the red-head through the door. The bearded one in a faded jean jacket looked like he wouldn’t take too much shit from anybody. The taller one with the buz-cut and the ankle-length coat looked like he wouldn’t take any shit at all.
“Hit me again,” Flame said, holding out her empty glass.
Hairy looked at her over the rim of his bifocals. They weren’t worth a pint of piss anymore and he badly needed a new pair. ‘Not much chance of that’, Hairy thought. For once the other voice inside his head remained quiet. Poor glasses or not, there was no mistaking the anger in the redhead’s eyes --- nor the big revolver snuggled against her protruding breasts. ‘Twin 44’s and a big gun too!’, the comic quipped. Hairy forced the acid-tongued little prick back into his corner and poured another drink. “I suppose you got the coin for this?”
Flame dug into her tight jeans and tossed two silver dollars on the polished wood.
“Christ, Red!”, Hairy exclaimed. “What’d you want to do, buy the place?”
“Just leave the bottle,” Flame said.
Hairy shrugged, scooped up the coins and looked at the bearded man coming up behind her. The taller one stayed by the door. “What’ll it be, friend?”
“A clean glass and a little privacy, if you don’t mind.” The tone was warm and the smile was easy, but the eyes were colder than a mortician’s convention.
“Sure,” Hairy muttered, then shuffled off down the bar. Part of his attention shifted back to the six noisy beer drinkers. Another part, the sharp-tongued comic part, kept an eye on the new strangers.
The redhead and the guy with the frosty eyes were talking in angry whispers. Red seemed real pissed off about something. After another stiff belt however, she started to come around. By the time she’d downed her third, she was hanging all over the guy. All the while the mean looking bastard with the crew-cut watched silently from the shadows.
Hairy’s ulcer suddenly started to act up. He was reaching for the jumbo bottle of Pepto Bismo he kept next to the Colt Double Eagle when the door opened again and a half dozen of Jocco’s soldier-boys came in. That skinny little prick, Rat, was with them. Hairy groaned inwardly. The last time Rat had dropped in he’d knifed a whore and shot a paying customer. The soldier-boys with him then had nearly died laughing. Hairy held out little hope that tonight would be any better.
Rat, his hair and eyebrows just now starting to grow back from the firefight with the Desperadoes, looked even more like his namesake than ever. The skin on his left cheek was red and raw and his left ear had melted down to a charred knob. His beady rodent eyes darted about the room, coming to rest on Flame. Despite a limp, the blood-thirsty little bastard still managed to swagger across the floor. Cradled in his arm was a pump-action riot gun.
The room went silent. Even the six assholes that had come in earlier kept quiet. Apparently even true-blue assholes like them knew enough not to fuck with Jocco’s boys. Big Glen, perhaps feeling not so ‘big’ after all, decided that now was a great time to take five, or fifty , or just fuck off altogether. Hairy couldn’t really blame him. A buck a week and all of Mage you could eat wasn’t worth having that little psycho cut your balls off. Part of Hairy felt like shuffling off with Glenny-boy --- then again, part of him didn’t.
Glen was half way to the side door when one of the soldiers turned his gun on him. The sound of the slide chambering a shell made Big Glen halt in mid stride. “Go ahead, asshole,” the soldier crooned. “Make my decade!”
The Comic inside Hairy giggled. ‘You can run, Glenny-boy, but you can not hide.’
“Shut the fuck up!”, Hairy muttered quietly.
Not, as luck would have it however, quietly enough.
Private Leo Panelli, illegitimate offspring of a Swedish ski instructor and an Italian air stewardess, had just bellied-up to the bar when Hairy delivered the unfortunate one liner. Private Leo not only heard Hairy, but, sadly enough, had misconstrued his intent completely. Leo’s six foot two frame leaned over the bar and grasped Hairy’s last remaining dress shirt. Foul breath, the result of a root canal gone bad, washed over the startled ex-comedian.
“You trying to be funny, four-eyes?”, Leo growled.
The Comic in Hairy found this hilarious. Hairy, however, was of a far different opinion. Leo, impatient as his father had been to shove it into Miss Air Italia, shoved Hairy hard into the back wall. Glass and bottles fell to the floor, shattering into tiny fragments. Something in Hairy shattered as well. 
Sitting there in a growing puddle of cheap wine and home-made rot-gut, Harold Manny Legowitz, born some fifty-two years ago in L.A.’s poor Jewish section, had had just about all he was going to take. The goddamn son-of-a-bitches had already taken everything he cared about! His wife, his kids, his career. When that wasn’t enough, they’d taken the whole fucking world! All he had left was his memories and this shitty little bar, and now, grinning blond whops and scab-faced little psychos were even trying to take that! Well, not this time, buddy! Not THIS time!
Had Hairy been listening he might have heard that familiar voice in his head screaming out a warning. But Hairy was past listening, past caring as well. ‘Mr. Saturday Night of the Sleazy Lounge’ set was taking a rather sudden, yet, in many ways, long overdue, walk on the wild side. A one way walk from which there was no encore and certainly no return engagement. And if the truth be told, Hairy didn’t give a shit. Smiling like the fabled Cheshire Cat, Hairy in Wonderland slowly reached for the Colt Double Eagle on the shelf beneath the counter.
Private Leo stood grinning on the far side of the bar. As Hairy pulled himself to his feet, Leo’s grin spread from ear to ear. It soon vanished however, when Hairy, looking like a Jewish Clint Eastwood gone to seed, raised the massive Colt. The ‘click’ of the hammer being pulled back acted like a canter calling the faithful. All eyes swung to center stage.
And now, ladies and germs, let’s all give a rousing Trail’s End raspberry for the late, great Hairy Legg!
Mage, the ex-disco queen turned waitress, gave a startled squeak. Several soldiers managed warning yells. The rest just managed to stand there with their jaws dropped and their thumbs up their asses. 
“Don’t do it, man,” Leo croaked. “Please --- don’t do it.”
 Now it was Hairy’s turn to grin. The title of Mage’s favorite Country & Western song rang in his ears. ‘Here’s a quarter, call someone who cares.’ Hairy pulled the trigger and the Colt bucked in his hand. The sound of the .45 exploded in the room. A nano-second later Leo’s Head exploded as well.
Leo’s body did a little jig, then flopped over onto the table where the red-necks and whores were sitting. Both women began to scream. The ‘Douche-bag Tabernacle Choir’ at its peak! One of the men at the table jumped up swearing and went for his gun. Mistaking him for an irate heckler, Hairy squeezed off two more rounds. One passed through the far window, the other passed through the second whore’s left tit. The red-neck swore and raised his gun. 
Rat, unwilling to be upstaged by a has-been comic, swung the riot gun around and blew the red-neck away. At such close range, the double-ought steel pellets punched a hole in the man’s chest big enough to put a fist through. Rat then turned his undivided attention on Harry. Rat’s second blast wiped the smile from Harry’s face. As though on cue, everyone else jumped into this little one act farce. Half the soldiers opened up on Hairy, the other half turned their attention to the rest of the room. What was left of Hairy slid behind the bar. The soldier covering Big Glen stitched a pattern across the bouncer’s chest and went right on into the remaining red-necks.
Josh and Flame had both vanished behind the bar; one at each end with Harry’s faceless corpse bleeding between them. Cobb stood in a far corner, his Defender pump appearing from beneath his long coat. When the shit hit the fan, Josh’s group had the killing ground triangulated, a little tidbit Cobb had drilled into them over and over.
‘Catch your enemy in a three-way crossfire and you’ll soon have no enemy left.’
They did just that. For fifteen seconds the room became a living hell. Repeated gunfire drowned out the screams of the dying. Josh fired from one end of the bar, Flame from the other. Cobb emptied first his Defender and then his Beretta at anything with a weapon. A Coleman lamp was hit and sent tongues of flame along the floor. Grotesque shadows danced off the walls. Someone dove through the front window. Clouds of acidic gunpowder hung in the air. Then, as suddenly as it began, it was over. 
In the eerie silence that followed, eyes watered and ears rang. Suddenly a woman’s scream was heard, cut off by a loud smack. A high pitched voice called out; Rat’s voice. “I got a woman here! Make a move and I’ll blow her fucking head off!”

Josh took the time to put a fresh clip into his Glock. At the other end of the bar he saw Flame shoving police speed loads into her S & W. The long barrel was leaking smoke. She snapped the chamber shut and shrugged. “It’s your play, Lover.”
Josh drew a deep breath, the cordite stinging his lungs. “What do you want?”
From the shadows Rat giggled. 
 “It aint what I want, shithead, it’s what The Man wants. King Fucking Jocco himself. He’s looking for a bunch of real heavy fucking dudes in a red van. Just like the one parked outside this shithole.”
Josh’s stomach turned as he thought of Jessie and Gill outside in the Westfalia. “Oh,” he managed. “Why’s that?”
Rat’s voice took on a condescending tone. “You mean besides the fact that you just offed a half dozen of Jocco’s men?”
“Ya,” Josh replied. “Besides that.”
The woman screamed again. “Don’t fuck with me, man, or I’ll do her right now!” Rat’s voice had climbed an octave.
Josh sighed. “Get to the bottom line, Asshole. I’m losing interest.”
Rat giggled. “The ‘bottom line, Asshole’ is that King Jocco the fucking First has a Grade-A hard-on for you and the red-headed bitch. What I got is my piece shoved in Goldilocks’ ear. What I also got is the rest of my men babysitting the two boys you left outside in that red shitmobile.” Rat giggle again. “What you got is three fucking seconds to toss in the towel!”
“Don’t do it, Josh,” Cobb warned from the shadows. “The little prick’s full of shit!”
As an answer, Rat yelled out a name. “Simms! You out there?!”
“Ya, Rat,” a voice answered through the closed door. “What the fuck’s goin’ on?”
“You still got those two kids?”
“Sure,” Simms yelled back. “The white kid gave us some trouble when the shooting started, but the breed’s a pussy.”
Mage moaned as Rat yanked her hair. “Hear that, Tough Guy? Still feeling like being the big hero?”
“Let’s take him, Lover,” Flame hissed. “He’ll kill us anyway. Jessie too! This way we all go out clean.”
Josh looked into her emerald eyes. For the first time since he’d met her he didn’t see his dead wife reflected in them. Part of him wanted to do things her way --- but the father in him just couldn’t. Slowly, sadly, he shook his head --- then tossed his Glock up on the bar.
“Ah, shit,” Flame whispered, looking at the heavy killing thing clutched in her hand. For a brief moment she thought of doing it anyway, of stepping out and blasting the little shit. ‘Fuck the woman! She’s nothing to me. And just maybe we can save Jess!’
 But deep inside she knew it was over. Josh would lead them through hell and back, take on any obstacle --- but now the price was just too high. He was here because of the death of one man’s son; she knew he’d do anything to save his own.
She placed her gun on the floor and reached out to take Josh’s hand. Their eyes locked for a moment, shared unspoken thoughts, then, still hand in hand, they slowly stood up.
Rat’s high pitched giggle filled the room.
***

Chapter 46



Jocco’s Temple
Bakersfield, 
California May 24th

Rays from the setting sun poured like golden honey through the stained glassed windows, illuminating the unholy seen below. Four men and one woman, stripped to their underclothes, hung suspended by their arms from the heavy beams, slowly twirling in the liquid light. 
The five were not the only people in the room. Two soldiers guarded the door. Several more stood with Scar. A nervous Bobby-Joe Burlis fidgeted beside an even more nervous Walter Pinkton. Pam Gliss sat on a desk toying with a strange looking knife. All eyes but Scar’s were on the man behind the desk. Jocco, dressed in army fatigues with three silver stars on his collar and a gold circlet holding back his long hair, sat watching the swaying bodies. Pussbag squatted in the shadows like a waiting hound.
Suddenly Jocco stood, strode over to one of the suspended forms and struck it hard with a silver topped swagger stick. Pleasure registered on his cruel face. 
Pain lanced through Josh’s body, filling his joints and seeking out the distant corners of his mind. Defying the pain, he opened his eyes.
“So, you are awake,” crooned the velvet voice. “I thought as much. Quite rude of you to drop off like that, especially since we were having such as interesting chat.”
Pussbag chuckled from the shadows. Jocco glanced his way and the chuckling ceased. “Now,” Jocco said, “let’s get to the point, shall we?”
“Eat shit,” Josh croaked though parched and bleeding lips. His right eye was nearly swollen shut and something wet and sticky trickled down his left cheek. The swagger stick lifted his chin.
“Major Scar said you wouldn’t break. At first I didn’t believe him. I still don’t.” Jocco looked back at the tall, one-eyed man, then pressed the silver-studded stick, causing Josh to twirl slowly. “It’s just a matter of finding the right leverage. We’ve tried thirst, pain, hardship. None of those work.” He glanced over at Cobb and met a pair of defiant eyes. “I believe your friend there even enjoys pain.” The swagger stick flicked out, striking Cobb in the face. The defiance in Cobb’s eyes only intensified. Jocco smiled.
“So far I’ve spared the woman and the two boys. I could, of course, let my good friend here have them.” Jocco nodded and Pussbag edged closer. “Did you know that boys are his specialty? He doesn’t much care for women, but then Lord Walter would be glad to handle that. He’s quite creative when it comes to the fairer sex.” Jocco’s cold eyes washed over Flame hanging at the far end. “And there’s so much of her to work with.”
“Let them go, Jocco,” Josh said. “It’s me you want.”
Jocco’s smile widened. “But why should I? I already have you.”
“What do you want from me?!”, Josh yelled. The effort clearly cost him.
Still smiling, Jocco leaned closer. “What I want is to conclude that little arrangement we spoke of earlier. A ‘sporting proposition’ between two men of the world.”
Josh’s mind was not working at its peak. Three days without food, sleep or water, not to mention the beatings, had left him more than a little under the weather. Still, fragments of Jocco’s earlier conversation slowly surfaced. Something about a race, a hunting lodge and a promise of freedom. Josh didn’t believe a word of it --- still, what choice did he have? He and the others were as good as dead already.
“Want to run it by me again, Sport?”
Jocco shrugged. “Certainly. Major Scar and several others wanted me to have you killed immediately. I however, craved something more satisfying. Death is such a common commodity these days.” Jocco motioned for Pam the Bitch to join him. Gently he took the long, thin knife from her, testing the edge with his thumb. “Yours, I believe? A Japanese Tanto. The tool of a Samurai.” He pointed the blade in Jessie’s direction. The youth was watching with the piercing eyes of a trapped hawk.
“Your son informed me that you are a man of letters; that back before the world changed you used to be a teacher. Literature and ancient history I believe he said. Oh, he didn’t want to tell me, but he did it to ease your pain.”
Josh looked at his son. A single tear was working its way down Jessie’s cheek.
“He also said you are something of an outdoorsman. A climber of mountains who can quote Shakespeare and recount ancient battles round the campfire.” Jocco’s vice took on a condescending tone. 
“Your son is really quite proud of you. A rarity in today’s wayward youth. He would, in fact, do just about anything to save you. The foolish lad even offered to fight Major Scar if I would let you go. Quite touching really.”
“What-do-you-WANT?!” Josh had had about all he was going to take from this pompous little dictator. If he was going to kill them, then get on with it!
Jocco’s eyebrows rose, the ice returning to his voice. “Temper, professor. It doesn’t pay to piss me off.”
“It doesn’t pay not to, either. Get to the bloody point or fuck off!”
“You tell the little shit, Lover!”, Flame hissed. “He’s just a little fuck who gets off on other people’s pain!”
Still smiling, Jocco drew his pearl-handled .45, swiveled around and fired. The echo peeled across the large room like distant thunder. Despite himself, Josh flinched. When he opened his eyes he saw Gill Sweetwater hanging limply alongside Flame. Blood welled out of a massive chestwound in Gill’s chest.
Jocco holstered his weapon and turned back to Josh. “Consider that my first and final warning. Now, what I’m proposing is this. Major Scar will take you and your silent friend into the foothills west of here. You will be given a map, a water bottle and a compass. You will make your way some twenty odd miles to a hunting lodge marked on the map. I will be waiting for you there, along with your woman and your son. Exactly one hour after you are released, the good Major and his companions will begin hunting you. If you both make it to the lodge alive, all four of you will be set free. Any questions?”
Josh’s brain was racing. Blocking out the sight of Gill’s body hanging in front of him, he willed himself to think of the living. “How much time do we have to reach this lodge?
“Three days, two nights. On the third night I’ll kill the woman. The fourth dawn will be the last one your son ever sees.”
“What if only one of us makes it?”
Jocco grinned, pointing the Tanto at Cobb. “He saves the girl, but your son dies. You, however, get to choose.”
Josh wanted to scream. Instead he asked: “How many will be hunting us?”
Jocco laughed. “Now, professor, that would take away some of the excitement. Let’s just say that Major Scar will not be alone.”
Josh frowned. “Why? I mean, is this just for kicks or what?”
“Not at all,” Jocco said. “Oh, I admit I’ll enjoy the sport, you might even see me from time to time buzzing over you in my chopper, but I do have another reason.”
Josh waited, knowing Jocco would couldn’t pass up a chance to gloat. The wait was a short one.
“It has come to my attention that one of my trusted advisors might just not be so trustworthy after all. Lord Walter, who you see standing behind me, has been accused by one of my officers, Commander Burlis, of planning a coup. Lord Walter, of course, fervently denies this; but then, I could hardly expect him to do otherwise. The evidence is all hearsay and innuendo. One man’s word against another sort of thing. This little hunt will decide Lord Walter’s guilt or innocence.”
Despite himself, Josh asked the obvious question. “How?”
Jocco gladly complied. “Being a student of history, you will, I’m sure, recall the term ‘trial by ordeal’? This hunt will be my own little version of that ancient custom. If you reach the lodge alive, Lord Walter will die. If you don’t, he lives.”
In the following silence, Josh took a deep breath. “And how do I know you will keep your word?”
Jocco’s smile became almost handsome. “You don’t.” The Tanto flashed through the air and the ropes holding Josh were severed. Legs, weak from three days of poor circulation, collapsed beneath him. Jessie called to his father, while Flame cursed Jocco with words even a good old boy like Bobby-Joe hesitated to use. Cobb just stared down at the pompous puke from on high. Seconds later the knife flashed again and he too fell to the floor.
“Major,” Jocco said. “Have your men lock these two in the basement. See they are dressed and fed. Anything they want to eat and then let them sleep, but have them up at dawn. The hunt will begin at seven hundred hours.”
After Scar’s men had dragged Josh and Cobb away, the one-eyed man strode over to Jocco. “What is this shit? I told you they were fucking dangerous. Let me kill them now.”
Jocco sighed, gently stroking Pam the Bitch’s pretty chin with his swagger stick. Her tongue flicked out and licked the end. “Patients, huntsman. To quote both Lord Walter and the good professor’s favorite author: ‘the game’s afoot’!”
Scar scratched his curly black locks, clearly at a loss.
Jocco laughed, then, just as quickly as it came, the laughter was gone, replaced by icy indifference. “Shouldn’t you be going? You’ve three tough days to plan for.”
Scar was about to say something, but suddenly thought better of it. Instead he sketched a hasty salute and left the hall. Jocco watched him go, then turned back to a sweating Walter Pinkton.
***
In the early morning light three helicopters circled over the wooded slopes several miles north of Lake Isabella, causing John Lonefeather and three of his hunting companions to dive for cover. John looked at Charley Little Dog and signaled for the radio. Charley slid the portable short-wave off his back and handed it over.
“You are calling Black Bear?”
John Lonefeather nodded and set the frequency. After several tries, Jim Carroll’s radio operator answered. Lonefeather reported seeing the three helicopters and was told to await for further orders. They came a few minutes later, delivered in Big Jim’s own gruff voice. “Keep an eye on the bastards and report back if they land or do anything strange.”
John Lonefeather signed off, a wide grin on his young face. This was a hell of a lot better than rabbit hunting! Moments later all four men were jogging northward.
***
The rotors of the third chopper were still winding down when Jocco climbed out and  strode up to where Josh and Cobb stood under heavy guard. Both men’s hands were bound in front of them. Jocco’s smile was as cold as the morning air, puffing out in little clouds before him.
“Ready, gentlemen?”
Josh glanced at the large group of soldiers on one side of the clearing. Most were standing around talking or checking their gear; a few others were nosing about the old logger’s shack. His gaze swept over to the second helicopter, the one holding Jessie and Flame. Bobby-Joe Burlis and the skinny, nervous fellow called ‘Lord Walter’ were also on board.
“Where’s the map?” Josh asked Jocco.
“Right here,” Jocco said, patting his flak jacket. “But first, a little precaution that I thought of last night. Captain Heller, will you do the honors?”
Roy Heller and Sergeant Peter Cozens came forward. Cozens was holding two round objects that looked like space-age dog collars --- which was exactly what they were. Radio collars used for tracking bears, cougars and other large, wild animals. As Heller snapped on the tough, electronic devices that could only to opened with a key. Josh met Jocco’s eyes.
“Not exactly playing fair, are you?”
“Only a fool doesn’t want the odds on his side,” Jocco replied. “This way I’ll be able to monitor your progress --- as will Major Scar.” He held out his hand and Pam the Bitch gave him something that looked like an electronic toy. “Ironic, isn’t it? Technology, man’s greatest achievement --- and his ultimate downfall. Ah well, all that’s in the past now. Ready?”
Josh held out his bound hands. Jocco pulled the Tanto out of his belt and placed the razor sharp blade between Josh’s wrists. For a moment they stood there, each one taking the other man’s measure. Then Jocco pressed down and the thick, plastic zip-ties parted. Heller quickly cut Cobb free and backed away.
“The map,” Josh repeated.
“Certainly.” Jocco handed over the map and the empty knife sheath. “You might have need of this as well.” The Tanto was reversed and placed in Josh’s hand.
Behind Josh, Cobb stiffened, instantly ready to make his move. He was sure he could take out Heller and maybe the big sergeant. Both were armed. If he could get one of their guns he could ---. But Josh was already walking past him towards the hills. The moment had come and gone and now there was nothing left to do but to follow. 
At the top of the first rise Josh turned and leveled the Tanto in Jocco’s direction. His words were soft, yet pitched to be heard over the idling blades of the copters. “If you harm either one of them, I will cut your heart out.”
Jocco made a mock bow. “You have my word, professor, that neither your son nor you woman will be harmed ---- until after sundown three days from now. Reach the designated cabin before that time and you will all go free. Fail to reach it however and they will die. Now, it is almost seven o’clock. Major Scar will begin tracking you at eight. That gives you a one hour head start. I suggest you leave immediately.” 
***
Cobb checked his watch. 7:58 AM. From their position high on the third ridge they could just make out the clearing with the three helicopters. 
“So far he’s kept his word.”
Cobb grunted, fingering the radio collar around his neck. “Because it amused him to. It’s all a game to him. A very short one if we don’t get these damned things off!”
Both men had already tried removing the other’s collar. Even the Tanto’s tempered edge had done little more than scratch the space-age plastic.
Josh opened the map. As near as they could figure it was over fifteen miles as the crow flies to the circle marking Jocco’s cabin --- and they weren’t crows. Twenty to twenty five miles on foot, most of it over steep terrain, cut with streams and gullies. And all of it with Scar and his human hounds hot on their trail! Josh took a rough sun sighting and mentally fixed his next reference point some two miles away.
“They’re moving, Josh. Looks like a dozen or more.”
Josh strained to see a knot of figures moving away from the helicopters. Then the copters themselves took off. Two of them flew back westward. The third, Jocco’s, headed straight for them. As the shark-shaped machine approached, Cobb had to hold himself back from diving for cover. Josh stood defiantly on the bare ridge.
Following the contour of the land, the large copter topped the ridge and hovered some hundred feet above them. Josh could see faces pressed up against the window. One had red hair, the other blond. He raised the Tanto in salute as the machine slipped away to the east.
Cobb fingered his collar. “As long as we wear these he can find us any time he wants.” Cobb looked back at the clearing far below. “And so can One-Eye.”
Josh snorted. “You mean ‘Major Scar’. The murdering son-of-a-bitch has come up in the world.”
Cobb grinned wolfishly. “What goes up must come down, and I mean to bring the bastard down hard.”
Josh turned back to the map, his finger tracing the contour lines. At the crest of the next ridge was a small square. “We’ll head for here. It’s supposed to be an old ranger cabin. Maybe we can find something there to help get these off.”
Cobb nodded and the two men started off at a slow trot. Half an hour later they came to the cabin. Sprawled on the rough plank floor, was a bundle of clothes. The once all too familiar gray ashes lay in little piles around the cuffs and open neck. Apart from mice droppings, the cabin was as it had been before the world changed.
“The poor bastard never even made it to the bed,” Josh remarked. Images of his own brother-in-law looking much the same flooded his mind. Was it really only a year ago? In many ways it seems like another life.
Both men began searching the cabin; a few minutes later they stood back and examined their findings. “Well, King Jocco screwed up royally this time!”, Cobb beamed, looking around at all the ranger’s gear piled on the split-log table. Extra clothes, a sleeping bag, a double burner Colman stove, even a pair of snowshoes. The pile grew like Jack’s beanstalk, most of it, however, was useless for their present needs. The pack-sack, small but powerful binoculars and cans of food, though, would come in handy, as would a hatchet, climbing gear and a long length of rope.
Then Josh saw the radio. The car battery had been disconnected and should still hold a charge. While Cobb sorted out the things they would take, Josh tried to contact Eddy back at the LAV. After several tries, he heard Greta’s heavy accent crackling over the static. Another woman, probably Suzy, yelled for the others. By the time that Eddy came on, Josh had already given the map co-ordinates of Jocco’s lodge.
“Can we pick you up along the way?”, Eddy asked.
“Negative,” Josh replied. “There’s no roads between here and there. Just get as close as you can south of the lodge and wait. We should be there in two days, maybe three. Look for smoke. I’ll light a signal fire when we’re close.”
Cobb whistled, holding up a flare gun and a box of colored flares. Josh grinned, shooting Cobb a thumbs up sign. “Eddy, forget the signal fire; watch for a flare. Green for advance slowly, red for come in blazing. Got that?”
Eddy’s voice came back loud and clear. “Green for slow and steady, red for kick ass. But are you sure you don’t want us to go in there now. We can get them out.”
“No!” Josh yelled, the stress of the last four days showing through. “For Christ’s sake, Eddy, unless he sees me, he’ll kill them both!”
“OK, Josh, we’ll just sit tight, but Nate says some of Jim Carroll’s boys are already in the area. They spotted three copters early this morning flying over the lake. Jim’s already told them to find out what they can.”
Josh swore. “Get them out of there! One-Eye and a dozen soldiers are right behind us. If they come across Carroll’s men, the shit will really hit the fan!”
“I’ll try, Josh, but you know Big Jim. He wants Jocco bad. Wants the LAV too. He’s starting to move out right now.”
“Have Nate talk to the asshole,” Josh said, his heart racing. “Shoot the bastard if you have to, but keep him the fuck away from my son!”
“Josh, I’ll ---”
The radio crackled, screeched and went dead. Josh’s hopes went with it. Slowly he became aware of Cobb’s hand on his shoulder.
“Come on. It’s time to get moving.” Cobb, the dead ranger’s pack on his back, led Josh to the door. “Watch your step. I’ve fixed up a little surprise for our friends.”
Cobb had lit the Coleman stove and placed it over the half open door. A pail half filled with kerosene sat between the two burners. When the door was opened all the way the stove and pail would fall, the kerosene dousing anyone below; the lit burners would take care of the rest.
When Josh turned away from the make-shift fire-bomb he saw Cobb grinning at him and  holding up a long handled tree pruner. “The rangers use these for trimming branches on the trails. Let’s see what it works on these bloody collars.”
Josh smiled, feeling suddenly back in the game, deadly though it was. Less than five minutes later the two of them were hurrying up the trail. Both collars were resting comfortably in the bottom of the outhouse.
***
“Shit!”, Roy Heller swore, backing out of the small wooden door, a tiny monitor beeping in his hand. “The fuckers got them off!”
Despite himself, Sergeant Cozens chuckled.
“Wipe that smile off your face, sergeant,” Heller growled.”
Behind them the Ranger’s cabin burned like a Roman candle. 



A half dozen men were nervously guarding the perimeter. Out back Private Gerald ‘The Nose’ Swan was searching around for sign in the fast fading light. Off to one side several men were clustered round a badly burned comrade. Thirty some feet beyond lay the smoldering body of the first man through the door. Marco Garibaldi had gotten that far before collapsing in a screaming heap. Scar had shot him in the head, more to shut him up than to put him out of his misery.
The Major now stood a few feet from Garibaldi’s remains, smoking a cigarette and trying to control his anger. Roy Heller walked over to him, tossing the electronic monitor into the burning cabin as he came.
“Smart-assed bastards got the collars off!”
Scar grunted. “I told you these fuckers were slick. Told that asshole Jocco too!”
Roy moved closer to Scar. “Jesus, man, keep it down! If Jocco hears that you’ve been bad-mouthing him, he’ll have your balls!”
Scar flicked his butt away and faced Heller, his one eye lit by the hungry flames. “You don’t get it, do you, Dick-Head? These two were chasing are GOOD! By the time they’re through yanking our chain, we won’t have any balls left for Jocco to take!”
Heller scrubbed his face. “Christ, Scar, they just got lucky is all! We still got nearly a dozen men and enough firepower to blow them to rat-shit!”
Scar sighed. “You think so? Then you take the fucking point!”
Heller stiffened, unsure whether to be really angry or just slightly pissed off. He decided on the latter as being the more prudent course of action. “Fine. I WILL, and I’ll hand you these two farmer’s balls myself!”
As Heller stomped away, calling for Sergeant Cozens and Private Swan, Scar shook his head. ‘Shit-for-brains’ was one of the kinder names he silently called Roy ‘Dick-Head’ Heller.
***

Chapter 47



Sequoia National Park
California, May 25th

Josh turned away from the rocky ledge and waved at Cobb. The ex-cop, ex-special forces officer and all round handy-man was up to his old tricks --- setting booby-traps. He was on his fourth one since leaving the ranger’s cabin, now just a smoldering smudge on the distant horizon. Josh marveled at the younger man’s skill. Half-way down the rocky slope, Cobb was setting a trip-wire. Anyone hooking the nylon fishing line would dislodge a stick that would, in turn, dislodge a larger stick, sending several large rocks cascading down on them.
“Think it’ll work?”, Josh commented.
Cobb shrugged, putting the fishing line and ice-ax into his pack. “If that bastard they’ve got tracking us doesn’t spot it, one of them is bound to set it off.”
Josh thought about the three other traps Cobb had already set. The classic dead-fall, where, at the slightest touch, a large, heavy log falls across the path; the leaf and twig covered depression, complete with pointed stakes, but the most deadly was the one Cobb had set at the base of this ridge.
“You don’t want to know how I learned about this one,” Cobb had said as he smeared fresh bear excrement on the thin, needle-like stakes he had lashed to a tied back evergreen. A simple forked stick triggered it, freeing the bent tree and sending it whipping into the face, stomach and groin of the man who tripped it.



“Nasty bit of work,” Josh had commented.
“Isn’t it just!”, Cobb had grinned.
Now, sitting on the ledge, Josh had an idea. Instead of moving on and hoping the traps worked, he proposed doubling back to the base of the cliff and waiting. When and if the rocks came tumbling down, they would be there to not only see the damage, but perhaps grab a weapon or two.
“Even if they don’t trigger the slide,” Josh pointed out, “at least we’ll be behind them. That’s a whole lot better than having them breathing down our necks.”
Cobb’s smile lit up his usually sober features. “I’ll make a Spook out of you yet!”
“’Spook’?”, Josh repeated.
“Special Operations Killer.”
Josh would gladly have settled for being the middle-aged father of a live teenager.
***
Private Swan usually enjoyed tracking. Pitting his skill against a cunning animal, man or beast, always gave him a kind of natural high. Hunting and tracking, as he was fond of saying, was in his blood. He’d learned his skills from his father, who’d learned from his father and so on down the line. For the last eighty years the Swan family had run a small but profitable guide business in the Pacific Northwest. The states of Washington, Idaho and Montana had all used their services to help track down escaped prisoners. Each time The Nose had gone out he had always found his man.
This time, though, he wasn’t so sure. A bad feeling was building in his gut, a feeling that grew stronger with every trap he came across. The problem was that these bastards actually knew what they were doing. Always before the men he’d tracked were basically running scared. They blundered through the woods, noisy, careless, predictable. These two weren’t any of those. Also, the fire back at the cabin had shaken him more than he let on --- even to himself. Finding the deadfall had brightened his spirits, but when one of the men stumbled into the small pit-trap, twisting his ankle and driving a sharpened stake through his thigh, Swan’s doubts came rushing back. It didn’t help any when Heller bawled him out in front of the rest of the men.
And now this! Thank Christ he’d spotted the bent tree before continuing up the trail. Crafty fuckers had even smeared the stakes with bear shit! He’d called a halt and showed both Heller and Scar. Now, giving the bent evergreen a wide birth, Swan cautiously moved to the base of a steep ledge.
“Best let me check this out, Major,” he said.
Scar nodded and began to unbuckle his pack. Those behind him did the same. Roy Heller, however, still pissed off with Scar, pushed forward.
“Cozens! Pick two men and follow me. The rest of these pussies can sit around jerking off if they want. I’m going to have a look-see from up top!”
Scar, sitting on a rock, casually lit a smoke. Heller frowned, slung his rifle and began climbing the jumbled rocks. Sergeant Cozens and two men reluctantly followed. Half way up Heller called down to Scar.
“Hey! Fresh footprints! Get the led out, girls; were hot on their trail!” Heller than began to scramble faster, working his way up under an unstable looking overhang.
Haskin, one of the men with Cozens, wheezed in the sergeant’s ear. “Who the hell does he think he is, sarj? The Lone Fucking Ranger?”
Cozens frowned. An army man for nearly twenty years, he didn’t like it when grunts were disrespectful to officers. Though there was no love lost between Heller and himself, he did respect the man. Heller rarely sent out his men out to do something he hadn’t done himself. Private Haskin however, was another matter.
Turning to the pimple faced private, Cozens smiled. “That’s right, asshole, he’s the Lone Fucking Ranger and I’m the his trusty Indian sidekick, Chief Shit-Kicker! Now, haul your sorry ass up there before I show you how I got my name!”
Haskin, swearing under his breath, reluctantly moved up the slope. Private Jerry Billings, the other soldier Cozen’s had ‘volunteered’, quickly followed. In his efforts to stay clear of the sergeant, Billings missed seeing the second nylon trip-line Cobb had set. The moment his boot became tangled, he knew he was up the infamous Shit Creek and with very few prospects of ever having a paddle. As though in a dream, Billings watched the fishline go tight, heard the scrape of the support stick being pulled away, and felt the mountain above him begin to slowly shift. First one boulder, then another, came tumbling down. On their way they dislodged other bigger boulders. Within seconds the private’s misstep had caused a major landslide.
***
The first boulder struck Billings on the shoulder. The second one crushed his skull. Haskin, being further up, had most of the larger rocks pass over his head. He was showered by smaller ones, some of which left him cut and bleeding. Heller, sheltered by the overhang, didn’t receive a scratch, though the wet stain in his crotch would prove embarrassing. Cozens, the furthest down the slope, managed to get behind a protective outcropping just before the avalanche washed over him.
At the bottom of the cliff, Scar and the remaining nine men scattered off the trail. All but one of them made it. Corporal Lester Duglaw, a slow moving good old boy from Alabama, had his back broken by the same boulder that crushed Private Billings’ skull. 
The fleetest of foot was Corporal Nicoro Omoto. Before being kicked out of Golden Gate High for dealing drugs, Nicoro had been a star runner on the track team. After that his career really took off. At the time of The Cleansing, Private Omoto was known as Nico the Snake, third man in the Red Dragon street gang that terrorized San Francisco’s Japanese community. The morning after the world went in the crapper Nico the Snake found himself the number one man; everyone else having dried up and blown away. After a drug-induced binge of two or three weeks, Nico drifted south, where he was picked up and recruited into Jocco’s growing army. Amoral and sadistic, he’d risen fast, making sergeant in four months; only to be busted back down to private for running his own drug and prostitution scam. Not that Jocco disapproved of either, it’s just that Nico conveniently forgot to give the self-appointed king his rightful cut.
Now, as the boulders bounced their way down the mountain, Nico the Snake slithered through the tangle of brush and bodies and bounded lightly down the trail, his thin lips forming a cunning smirk. ‘If Fuck-Face Fewster could see me now!’, he thought, conjuring up a vision of Golden Gate High’s red-faced track coach. The smirk turned to surprise, however, as he tripped the line holding the bent evergreen. The tree, aligned to hit someone coming up the trail, not down, almost missed. The dung-smeared stakes at the bottom and middle of the tree swept harmlessly by. The one at the tip, though, found its mark, punching deep into his back, through his heart and out his chest. Driven to his knees, Nico hung there like a overlarge Christmas tree ornament, his running days most definitely over.
From the shadows a figure came, swift, silent and deadly. It held a crude spear, the wood at the end whittled to a narrow point. Lifting Nico’s head, the shadowy figure looked briefly at the already glazing eyes, then quickly stripped the body of weapons. Seconds after Cobb appeared, the forest once again swallowed him, only now, besides the spear, he carried a modified AR-15, a Colt .45 Mark IV and ammo clips for both weapons. Nico had had a long bladed combat knife as well, but Cobb had decided against it. Too heavy for real fighting and too clumsy for throwing. That shit about thrown knives only worked in the movies anyways. Most of the time you’d do better to chuck a rock. Besides, Cobb had another reason for not taking the knife --- he wanted to leave Scar a personal message. The fact that it would scare the shit out of the rest of them wouldn’t hurt either. The knife was left buried in Nico’s right eye.
While Cobb was busy with Nico, another form crouched in the shadows near the base of the cliff. Through the swirling dust, Josh saw a soldier, desperately fleeing from the avalanche, running directly towards him. As the man sprinted by the large pine where Josh hid, the ex-history teacher thrust his spear out into the path. The running soldier tripped and fell flat on his face. Josh was on him before he could draw a breath. Knees on the man’s back, Josh yanked off the helmet and, tangling his hand in the long, thick hair, yanked back, exposing the neck to the blade of his Tanto.
Piercing gray eyes, slightly slanted, glared back at him --- and a woman’s oval face. Private Mitsu Hikora’s attractive mouth formed a curse. “Fuck you, farm-boy! Do it if you’re gunna!”
Startled by the contradictions, Josh hesitated. That hesitation nearly cost him his life. Unlike Nico, who was mostly all mouth, Mitsu Hikora was mostly all action. Her hundred and eight pound body had been honed to a fine edge by years of martial arts training. Even before she joined Jocco’s merry band she had been a killer in thought, if not in deed. Jocco’s boys had just given her the green light she had secretly longed for.
Twisting to the right, she turned her face from the blade and rolled. 



Thrown off balance, Josh was forced to use his knife hand to stop from falling. In the split second that took, Mitsu was all over him like a dirty shirt. Slender fingers, hardened by countless hours at a practice bag, struck his body, expertly seeking out vital parts and pressure points. Josh felt his ribcage pummeled, his back pounded and his right hand go numb. The Tanto fell to the ground. Wanting only to curl into a protective ball, he knew he had to reach the knife before the hell-cat on top of him did. 
‘Fat chance of that, old buddy!’, a rather sarcastic voice inside him said. Josh was neither in the mood nor had the time to argue. Instead, he tried to make his useless right hand move towards the knife. Naturally Cat-Lady reached it first.
“Now, farm-boy!”, she hissed, raising the knife high above her. “THIS will teach you to fuck with me!”
As the Tanto swept down, Cobb’s heavy boot struck her in the stomach. The air whooshed out of her slender frame and once again the knife fell to the leafy floor. Cobb followed up the kick with a right cross that sent the woman flying.
Josh winced as Cobb pulled him to his feet. “Rough date?” Cobb asked.
“Ya,” Josh grunted. “I must be losing my charm.”
Cobb scooped up the Tanto. “You nearly lost more than that. Let’s see what she’s got.”
Josh, the AR-15 on full rock & roll, stood guard while Cobb grabbed the woman’s weapons. The sounds of yelling and cursing still came from the base of the cliff. A minute later they were sprinting away into the shadows.
Mitsu proved to be a walking armory. From her unconscious body they had taken a Browning 9 mm. and three extra clips, an old looking 12 gage pump and a bandoleer of #4 shells, a wicked looking boot knife and three grenades. Cobb had also brought her shoulder webbing, complete with canteen, holster and first-aid kit. Now, a good two hundred yards off the trail, they stopped to divide up the loot. Cobb kept two grenades and passed the third to Josh. “Take your pick of the hardware.”
Josh surveyed the small arsenal with distaste. In the last year he’d handled far more guns than books. That saddened him. “I’ll take the shotgun.”
Cobb checked the shotguns safety, worked the slide and handed it to Josh. “This is a beauty! A replica of a Winchester 1897 riot gun. These babies were used by the Wild Bunch, in the trenches of WWI and by Eliot Ness when he went after Capone! Hell on wheels up close but not worth shit over fifty yards.”
“You’re the sharpshooter, Cobb, not me, so you take the rifle. I’m more comfortable with a scattergun.”
“Ya, well, you might as well take the Browning too. It’s a bit lighter than your Beretta was. The Colt kicks like a mule.”
Now, armed to the teeth, they had to decided what to do; head for the lodge or follow along nipping at Scar’s heels. Cobb was for taking the fight to them and Josh was for getting to his son as soon as possible. In the end, they decided on a compromise. 
***
“Son-of-a-bitch!”, Heller growled as the body count grew. Five in all, with Mitsu looking like her jaw might be broken. She’d been a real fox before, with half the squad aching to get into her pants. Now, with a swollen nose, a split lip and two teeth missing, there was no way she’d make prom queen. Heller himself had had the hots for her as well, but now his fantasies were all about getting revenge on the two farmers that had made him look like a Grade A asshole.
“Sergeant Cozens!”, Heller bellowed. “Assemble the men! Everyone to move out in five minutes! And Cozens, make damn sure Swan has a trail for us to follow!”
“What about the wounded, sir?” Cozens asked.
“Leave them,” Heller growled. “Jocco will send someone for them --- maybe. Now, move it!”
As Cozens began rounding up the remaining soldiers, Scar sauntered up to Heller’s side. “Well Roy, still think you’ll have them by sundown?” Scar’s voice dripped sarcasm.
“Unless you’ve got something useful to say, fuck off!”
Scar’s distorted face attempted a grin. Heller thought that he widely missed the mark.
“As a matter of fact, I do.”
“Ya? What?”
Scar sighed. “So far they’ve been following them and they’ve been leading us into one trap after another.”
“So?”
“So, we already know where they’re going,” Scar said. “If we haul ass and get ahead of them, we can set up a little ambush of our own.”
Heller’s frown slowly turned into a sly sneer. “Fucking A! But where?”
Scar took out his map. After some discussion, they decided on a narrow valley about a day’s hike away. A river ran through a deep gorge called Hell’s Gate. Steep ridges on both sides made it a natural path through the mountains. Jocco’s lodge lay on the other side.
“What if they get there ahead of us?”, Heller asked.
Scar’s response was to call his radio man, Corporal Phil Givens, over to him. “Givens, get Jocco on the horn. It’s time our self appointed king started earning his keep.”
As Givens unslung the powerful short-wave and began fiddling with the dials, Scar explained that he and Jocco had worked out a little emergency plan.
“I told him that this little duck hunt of his would go sour. I also told him I wanted some back-up when it did. He agreed to have a troop ready to send in from his side when I called. I also insisted on some air support. He said he’d have two copters standing by. Well, the shit’s hit the fan just like I said it would, and now, Roy old pal, it’s time to call in the cavalry.”
Givens held out the mike. “He’s on the line, sir.”
“Jocco?”, Scar said into the mike.
“Major Scar. How nice to hear your voice. I trust you have good news?”
Scar grunted. “That depends on how you look at it, your kingship. Half of us are still alive, but your two farm boys are now heavily armed and running free.”
“So they somehow got the collars off?!”, Jocco demanded.
“Does a bear shit in the woods?” Scar quipped. “I told you these farmers were good. Following them has got half of us killed, so we’re going to try and get ahead of them and pick them off at a place called Hell’s Gate. I’ll need chopper recon and that back-up you promised.”
Silence. Despite the cool wind, Roy Heller found himself sweating. When Jocco finally did respond, his voice had lots all its casual banter. “Two choppers will soon be in your area. Shoot up a flair when you hear them. You can contact them on this frequency. As for the ground support, they’ll be in position at Hell’s Gate by tomorrow morning.”
“Sounds good to me,” Scar said, winking his good eye at Heller.
“And Major?” the cold voice on the other end said.
“Ya?”, Scar casually replied.
“Fuck up again and you’re a dead man.”
Static then filled the airways.
***

Chapter 48



Jocco’s Hunting Lodge
Sequoia National Park
California, May 26th

‘Lord’ Walter Pinkton had a very bad case of the shakes. Dry mouth, sweaty palms, queasy stomach, the works. The fact that his bowels rumbled like Vesuvius didn’t help either. He’d had the shakes ever since Bobby-Joe Burlis and his squad had burst into his private apartments and accused him of treason. He’d denied it of course and demanded to see Jocco. The king however, being preoccupied with the rebels and his plans for his eastern invasion, left Walter to stew in his own juices.
Not that Walter wasn’t guilty. Power hungry, Walter the Wicked was up to his scrawny neck in plots and counter-plots. But he thought he’d been careful. Always using a middle-man and never putting anything in writing, he thought he’d covered his ass pretty well. Now, sitting in Jocco’s hunting lodge, Walter watched Bobby-Joe sweat as Jocco barked out orders. ‘Eat shit and die, both of you!’, Walter thought.
Something had obviously gone very wrong. Yesterday Jocco had been in the highest of spirits, laughing and joking with his officers; today, however, the monarch’s demeanor had taken a sudden and rather drastic turn for the worse. Ill tempered and impatient, he seemed barely able to contain his rage. All morning he’d been chewing out his officers, Bobby-Joe in particular. The guards had been tripled around the lodge, the red head and the boy were tied up in the cellar and both copters were constantly coming and going.
“And where the hell is George?!”, Jocco demanded. “The drunken bastard was supposed to be here last night!”
Bobby-Joe wiped his brow. “George will be here, Jocco. He’s probably having trouble with the roads. Last weeks storm washed out a couple of bridges.”
“Fuck the bridges!”, Jocco yelled. “The retarded bastard can drag his ass through the mud for all I care, just as long as he gets his men here!”
Bobby-Joe poured himself and Jocco a drink. Walter noticed that Bobby-Joe’s was a double.
“Take it easy, Boss. George knows what he’s doing. Besides, the choppers will spot them long before they get close to here.”
Jocco downed half the glass. “George couldn’t find his dick in the dark! As for the copters, it took them half the bloody morning just to locate Heller’s group!”
Pam ‘the Bitch’ Gliss unfolded herself from the couch in front of the roaring fireplace. 



Dressed only in lace panties and a way too small tank top, the flames silhouetted her lush body, turning the beads of sweat into liquid diamonds. Purring like a kitten, she handed the bottle of Southern Comfort she’d been sucking on to Eva Madeau, stretched and sauntered over to stand behind Jocco. Her undulating hips drew Walter’s gaze like a magnet, his beady eyes fastening on the crack of Pam’s ass. She and Jocco had been very tight lately, a fact that Pam the Bitch played to the hilt.
“What say we go out hunting ourselves, Jocco?”, she breathed. “Ace can fly us to this Devil’s Gate place and we can kick a little butt.” Leaning against his back, her hand moved slowly down to his crotch. “Who knows? You might even get lucky.”
Eva Madeau, her half shaved head reflecting the firelight, chuckled from the sofa. 
Bobby-Joe shot Eva a warning look and she shot him back The Finger.
Jocco pulled the blonde to him, cupping a heavy breast in his left hand. “I make my own luck, Kitten --- but then, why the hell not? We’ll all go, even Lord Walter. The fresh air will do him good!” His left hand suddenly squeezed harder. Pam moaned softly, her blue eyes brightening. Jocco applied more pressure, the pliable flesh like putty in his cruel hand. Sinking to her knees, Pam fumbled for his belt. A cruel smile twisted Jocco’s handsome features.
“Bobby-Joe, you and Eva take Lord Walter out to the copter and watch him. Tell Ace I’ll be there directly.”
Eva Madeau’s throaty laughter danced along with the flames.
***
Josh and Cobb, climbing up a fast flowing creek as it cut its way over the ancient rock, were now high up amidst the weathered boulders and stunted pines. They’d spent the last thirty-six hours on the run, scrambling to stay ahead of the men hunting them, stopping only long enough to set a trap or take a quick shot at their pursuers. They’d managed to snatch a few hours sleep last night, wolf down a cold can of beans and somehow still stay ahead of Scar and Heller. They were tired, hungry and cold, but they were alive --- and Josh intended to keep it that way --- his child --- and his woman, were counting on him. Now, with a freshening wind blowing away last night’s rain, Josh scanned their backtrail with the dead ranger’s binoculars.
“Here they come.”
“I see them --- barely,” Cobb said, sighting along the AR-15’s barrel. With no scope it would be another long shot. Not much chance of hitting anything, but with Josh spotting the shots through the field glasses, it sure as hell was keeping Scar and his boys on their toes. 
The weapon barked once. Cobb had it on single shot so as not to waist ammo. A quarter mile below them a hollow point slug chipped a piece of rock off near the front man’s head.
“Nice!”, Josh grinned, still looking through the glasses. “A little to the right of the lead guy, but nice.”
“’Nice’, hell!”, Cobb growled. “I was aiming at the two behind the point man!”
Josh shrugged and began moving up the steep slope. “Coming?”
Cobb made a slight adjustment to the rear sight. “Now that I’ve got the range, one more should hold them there for awhile. Give us a chance to get over the top. You go scout out a path.”
Nodding, Josh once again began to climb alongside the gurgling stream.
***
The bullet that had hit the rock close to Private Swan’s head arrived almost two full seconds before the muffled report from the rifle reached him. “Shit!”, he muttered, crouching low. “That bastard can shoot!”
“Where the fuck are they?!”, Roy Heller demanded from further back down the trail. Since the incident the other day, he had been more than willing to let Swan to take point.
“Ahead of us,” Swan replied dryly. “Probably way up in those high rocks.”
Heller squeezed up beside him. “Christ! That’s a good half mile away!”
“More like a quarter,” Swan corrected.
Heller ignored him and called for Jenkins to bring up the much heavier 309. Sniper rifle.  Private ‘Gut’ Jenkins, stripped to his overflowing waist despite the cool wind, struggled over the rocks with the large weapon. Setting up the bi-pod, he set the long rifle down on the bare rock and hunkered down behind it.
“What’s the target, Cap’n?”
“That shit pile of rocks up there just below the falls,” Heller barked.
Jenkins laid down and squinted along the perforated barrel, his massive stomach crushing the moss covered granite. “Shit, that’s a long one, Roy. Can’t guarantee no accuracy.”
“Just fucking do it!”, Heller growled.
Jenkins hawked up a wad of phlegm and spit. “You’re the boss, Cap’n. Hey, Nose. What d’ya figure? Two thousand yards?”
“One eighty, but allow for a 5% wind drift to the right,” Swan said.
Jenkins nodded and adjusted the rear sight; first the elevation, then the side thumbscrew. “Only 5%? I think maybe 7 or 8…”
“Jesus H. Christ!”, Heller exploded. “When you girls are through finger fucking each other, will one of you shoot the goddamned gun?!”
“But I can’t see nothin’ up there but rocks,” Jenkins complained.
“Then shoot the goddamn rocks!”
Blowing air out his chubby cheeks, Gut Jenkins worked the bolt and let her rip. Three copper spent shell casings ejected out the side as the .309 slammed into the distant jumble of boulders. 
***
A quarter mile away rock chips flew as the heavy shells struck the granite giants, ricocheting away like angry, metallic wasps. Cobb, tucked into a narrow crack, waited for the barrage to finish. When it did he quickly sighted on the cloud of drifting gun smoke far down below, a look of intense concentration on his hard face.
“Come on you one-eyed bastard,” he whispered. “Show yourself.”
***
As the smoke cleared, Scar and Heller stood up. From behind, Corporal Dutch Muller, eager to see what Jenkins was shooting at, scrambled up beside his fat friend, passing Scar in the process.
“Hey, Gut. What the f --- ”
Cobb’s second shot took the eager corporal in his skinny chest, passing clean through his heart and exiting just below his seventh vertebrae. The tumbling slug, its momentum now spent, thudded into Scar’s tactical vest with all the force of a punch from a skinny grandmother and fell at the one-eyed man’s muddy boots. Corporal Dutch Muller, dead on his feet, sagged slowly down to lay atop the bullet that had killed him.
Roy Heller, cowering behind a house-sized boulder, watched as Scar casually wiped Dutch’s blood from his already ruined face. “These buggers are starting to piss me off.” The look in Scar’s good eye made Roy flinch. Scar ignored him, turned and strode back down the trail, bellowing for his radio-man. “Givens! Haul your sorry black ass up here!”
Corporal Phil Givens, radio strapped to his back, hastened to obey. He’d heard that tone in Scar’s voice before and knew it usually meant someone wound up bloody. Seeing Dutch Muller a crumpled heap only deepened his conviction. Slack-jawed, he looked at the one-eyed man.
“Get me Jocco. I want that fucking air support and I want it NOW!”
***
“As I’ve already told you, Major, for the next few hours there is no air support to give you.” Despite the roar of the copter’s rotor, Jocco’s voice was deceptively low. Only the throbbing of his left temple showed the rage that smoldered within. “Even you should be able to grasp the fact that an aircraft needs gas to fly. Until they return from refueling at Bakersfield, I’m afraid you’ll just have to make do with me.”
“You?”, Scar growled into the mike. “Well, where the fuck are you?!” Static crackled and Scar punched Givens hard on the shoulder. The radio-man winced and fumbled with a dial.
“... approaching ...’s Gate. We should be... minutes. When you... a flair. Ace will try to....” The rest was drowned out by a rising tide of white noise.
Scar drew his .357 and pressed the long barrel into Givens' ear. “Fix it. Now.” The clicking of the hammer being pulled back was the loudest sound Phil the Wiz had ever heard. 
A home boy from Frisco’s Needle Park, Givens had gotten into electronics by boosting computers and smart phones from the yuppies in the posh Bay Area. He’d learned the hard way that fences tended to pay more if you knew what the fuck you were selling. Now, with Scar’s Desert Wind about to blow his brains out, Phil ‘the Wiz’ Givens found himself suddenly preying to a God that only his mother had believed in. His long fingers danced over the dials. Snap. Crackle. Pop! Jocco’s voice was suddenly crystal clear. Hallelujah!
“ --- read me? Scar! Heller! Answer me!”
Scar lowered the gun and thumbed the mike. “Loud and clear, Your Kingship. We had a little trouble, but my man Givens here saved the day.”
“Just fire up a goddamned flair when you see us! My pilot tells me that with all these fucking trees we can’t land, but we’ll lower a harness for you. Since you’re so eager to face the good Professor, I’ve decided to give you a lift up to Devil’s Gate. There the two of you can settle things one way or the other. I’ll even send down an old friend of yours to help out. Heller and the rest of the troops will keep pushing up the gorge. With any luck you’ll catch our two runners in a crossfire. Now, did you get all that, captain, or did I go too fast for you?”
Scar chuckled, a wry smile twisting his already twisted features. “Ya, I got it. Especially the part about being demoted back to Captain. Like I give a fuck. But Jocco, does this mean the honeymoon’s over?”
Jocco’s velvet laughter came from the mike. “Believe it or not, Captain, I still intend to send you back east. You have certain skills that I need, though your manners could use some polish. So either kill Williams or drive him to me, I don’t care which. Now, put Heller on the line.”
As Scar handed Roy the mike, he saw a helicopter come over a rocky peak several miles to the south. While Heller yelled for a flair to be shot up and listened to Jocco’s instructions, Scar readied himself for this final confrontation --- a confrontation that he’d been running from for over a year.
***
“But you can’t!”, Walter Pinkton screamed.
“Oh, but I can,” Jocco grinned, stuffing a snub-nosed .38 into the front of Walter’s pants, then offering him a leather harness. “I can do any goddamned thing I want. Now, Walter --- for one way or the other, you are going out that door.”
Reluctantly Walter stepped into the harness. A hundred feet below him Scar was already being lowered to a wooden platform built alongside a roaring waterfall. Spray dripped from a large sign at the back of the platform.

DEVIL’S GATE
Second largest waterfall
in the State of California
Please stay behind the railing!



Scar’s boots slipped on the spray-slick wood as he unsnapped the umbilical cord holding him to the chopper. Looking up he saw another form dangling high above him. The man was obviously screaming, but the thunder of the falls tore his words away.
Scar’s old boss, Lord Walter the Wicked, came kicking and screaming into a world of pain. Scar went over and freed the cable and the copter sped away.
“Well,” scowled the one-eyed man, “my daddy always said Life sucked. So far he ain’t been wrong. What the fuck are you doing here?”
Walter scrambled to his feet, his glasses misted, his long hair plastered to his skull. “Reaping what I’ve sown, Captain --- just as we all do in the end.”
Scar shrugged and pointed at the .38 sticking out of Walter’s belt. “You know how to use that?”
“If I have to.” The voice was a defiant whine.
“Sure. And I’m Prince Fucking Charming. Here, try this.” Scar handed Walter his 12 gage with the pistol grip, showing how to work the pump and where the safety was. “Now listen up, good buddy. I don’t give a shit what’s going down between you and Jocco. What you’ve got to remember is you’re down here with me now, and if you want to get out of this alive, you do exactly what I say when I say it. You got that?”
Walter nodded, clutching the shotgun to him like a holy relic. Scar unslung his H & K Battle Rifle and checked the 30 round banana clip. His Colt at his side and the Desert Wind in his shoulder holster, Scar and his unlikely sidekick were loaded for bear.
“What --- what do we do now?”, Walter asked, his teeth already chattering from the cold spray.
“Well, for starters, we get the fuck off this platform. Find a place warm and dry and wait.”
“Wait for what?” Walter asked.
“Judgment Day, good buddy. Now, move your skinny ass up those stairs. And Lord Walter, point that scatter gun anywhere near me and I’ll blow your fucking head off.”
***
“They getting any closer?”, Cobb asked.
Josh shook his head. “No. Ever since that chopper passed over they’ve been hanging back.” Josh swung the binoculars around, focusing on the notch in the mountains less than a half mile away. A long white line of tumbling water filled his sight, making the dancing spray seem almost close enough to touch. A steep set of steps snaked their way up the right side of the falls. In some places there was even a handrail.
“What about up there?” Cobb asked, nodding towards the top of the falls.
“Can’t tell with all the blowing spray and mist,” Josh said as he lowered the glasses and looked at his quiet but deadly friend. “There’s probably a building there of some sort; a visiting center or a cabin --- but I don’t like that chopper buzzing back and forth. Smells like a trap.”
Cobb shrugged. “Jocco’s a sly bugger and this is his game, so he’ll know that gap is the only way through these mountains. If I was him, I’d be up there waiting for us.”
Josh sucked in air and glowered, the simplicity of it striking him like a fist. “Just like a bloody tiger hunt! The peasants beat the bushes and drive the tiger right into the king’s sights!”
Cobb’s weathered face broke into a sly smile of his own. “Well, how about these two tigers try a little creative thinking? If we can find another way up those falls besides those steps, then we could sneak up behind King Jocco and catch him in his own game.”
Josh quickly scanned the steep trail ahead. To the right a narrow, steep trail climbed over rough but passable rock. To the left sheer, spray-slick cliffs dropped almost straight down from the top of the notch, a good hundred feet higher than the platform on the right.
“It’d be one hell of a climb,” Josh grunted.
Cobb’s grin widened. “Only a fool would try it.”
“Or a pair of fools,” Josh quipped.
 Cobb fingered the braided climbing rope strapped to his pack. “You ready?”
Josh’s grin matched his friend’s, the tired old cliché somehow fitting. “Born ready.”
 Twenty minutes later they had made their way to the base of the waterfall. Over the ages, the force of the 200 foot cataract had gouged out a large pool at its base. Spray filled the air and mist made the far shore a ghostly outline. The roar was deafening. Above them the right  hand side went up like a slick, wet wall.
“You ever do any climbing?”, Cobb asked, untying the rope and pulling two harnesses out of his pack.
“A bit. Jessie got into it at camp when he was thirteen. We took a beginners course together. Nothing like this, though.”
Cobb’s eyes flashed. “Well, teach, looks like you’re about to take an advanced course. I’ll go first. All you have to do is follow.”
It sounded easy, and for the first fifty feet or so it was --- as long as you didn’t look down. Cracks and splits offered places for hands and feet. Cobb led the way, seeking out the easiest route. Half way up they found a narrow ledge and took a breather. Wind-blown mist shrouded them, blocking out any view of the far side of the cascading water.
“Stay put!”, Cobb yelled in Josh’s ear. “It get’s a little tricky from here on. I’ll drive in a few rock clamps and tug on the rope when I’m ready for you to come up.”
Josh gave Cobb the thumbs-up sign and played out the rope as the younger man scrambled up the slick surface. While waiting, Josh looked back down the trail they had come. Beyond the swirling mist, the sun was shining. Josh though he caught the glint of light on metal far below, but couldn’t be sure. While zipping up the vest he’d taken from the ranger’s cabin, he felt a tug on the line. Cobb was beyond his view, so, trusting in a fate that he had never truly believed in, he started up. 
To still his racing heart as he climbed he thought about his son, waiting for him somewhere on the other side of this mountain. Flame’s face floated before him as well, her long red hair streaming in the wind, her green eyes smoldering and mocking at the same time. 
Did he love her? Even now he wasn’t sure. He cared for her, but nothing like he had for his wife. Flame, like her name, somehow seemed to burn too bright for such a tender concept as love. Lust then? Perhaps at the start, but he wasn’t a kid anymore and such feelings soon cooled. He was sure of one thing though --- he did trust her, trusted her with his life --- and in a world suddenly gone mad, perhaps trust might just be the rarest emotion of all. But, regardless of what he felt for her, he knew that he’d save both her and his son --- or die trying.
Just then his foot slipped and he slid back twenty feet before the rope went tight. Heart pounding, knees and finger scraped, he hung sideways. Swallowing an unvoiced scream, he righted himself and searched for a handhold. Cobb’s voice floated down to him; the content torn by the wind, the concern however remained intact. Tugging twice on the rope, Josh  began to climb. Cobb pulled from above, and when Josh came at last to where the other was waiting, both men collapsed on a wide ledge spongy with wet moss.
“I thought you’d bought it that time!”, Cobb panted.
Josh, too spent to reply, merely rolled on his back. It was then that he saw the helicopter. The noise of its rotors was drowned out by the falls as it hovered several hundred feet above them like some giant dragonfly. Through the swirling mist he saw the rotating barrels of the 50. caliber canon swing out the open bay door; then the heavy gun began to speak.
***
“See anything?” Sitting on a boulder on the left side of the falls, Walter was cold, wet and thoroughly miserable. Just above him, Scar was watching the lower trail through the scope of his rifle.
“I said, do you see anything?” Walter’s wining voice held more than a touch of impatience. Over the last year he had grown accustomed to having his every whim granted. People jumped when Walter the Wicked spoke. People showed him respect!
When “Shut the fuck up!”, drifted down to him, Walter’s grip on the .38 tightened. He’d fix Jocco for this; fix him good! But first there was Captain Fucking Scarface to deal with! 
Then, through the roar of the falls, a new sound reached his ears --- the rapid staccato of a heavy machine gun. Turning, he saw a helicopter hanging several hundred feet above the falls, smoke, fire and brimstone spitting out its side door!
From his position higher up, Scar was fumbling with his walkie-talkie. Holding it to his ear, the sound of gunfire undercut Jocco’s message.
“I’ve found the professor and his special-ops friend, Captain,” the velvet voice said, as barbed and condescending as usual. “They were climbing the bloody unclimbable. I told you that Williams was resourceful!”
Looking up at the hovering chopper, Scar growled. “Just tell me where the fuck they are!”
“Above you, captain, on the far side of the falls. But don’t worry, I’ll soon...” Jocco’s voice suddenly was cut off, replaced by shouts and screams. Scar saw the chopper’s nose rise abruptly, then fall away at a steep angle, soon taking it beyond his view.
“What the fuck happened?”, Scar yelled into the mike. Seconds dragged by, static and curses crackling out of the radio. Then Jocco was back, that velvet edge of his voice stripped away. “The bastards shot my pilot! Press harder, bitch! If he dies we’re all fucked! Scar, are you there?!”
“Ya, I;m here!”
“Ace’s been hit in the shoulder! We’re heading back to the lodge. It’s up to you now, soldier! Kill those fuckers and you can write your own ticket --- screw up and I’ll nail you to a fucking tree!”
Scar smiled coldly and called down to Lord Walter.
“What’s happening?!” Walter demanded as he scrambled up the rocks.
“The shit’s hit the fan, that’s what. It’s them or us now.”
“What are we going to do?”
Scar worked the slide on his H & K. “Kick some fucking ass.”
***

Chapter 49



Devil’s Gate
Sequoia National Park
California, May 26th

As the 50 caliber rounds from the chopper slammed into the cliff just above them, both men returned fire. Too far for the riot-gun, Josh drew the heavy Browning. Back to the wall, he fired all thirteen rounds at the hovering machine. Kneeling, Cobb switched the AR-15 to triple burst and began firing in a steady, methodical manner. Smoke hung in the air; the taste of cordite bitter on the tongue. Suddenly the chopper dipped and then veered away, dropping down the far side of the mountain. Brushing the sweat and rock chips from their eyes, the two men grinned wolfishly at each other.
“Close!”, Josh said.
“Too damned close!”, Cobb replied, shouldering his AR-15 and coiling the trailing rope. That done, both men continued to climb. Less than fifty feet above them the summit waited.
“So near and yet so far,” Josh quipped.
Cobb, glancing downwards, suddenly spotted two figures scrambling over the jagged rocks far below. “Company’s coming.”
It took a moment for Josh to locate them through the mist and spray. “I see them,” he said. “They don’t seem in any rush to catch up?” 
“Probably waiting to hit us as we climb in the open or as we go over the top,” Cobb said.
“So? We can’t just sit here!” Josh was impatient to get moving. His son was waiting for him.
“We won’t. But they’re expecting for us to go up --- so we go down instead.” Cobb pointed to a steep cut that jagged off to the right. It looked like something an angry giant with one mother of an axe and a kick-ass attitude had hacked out of the mountain side. 
 “Once in there, we’ll be out of their line of fire. We can probably work our way down the cut and maybe catch those assholes from behind!”
Josh’s expression went from a concerned frown to a sly smile. “Catch the buggers with their pants down. I like it. Lead on McDuff!”, he said, giving a theatrical bow.
***
If Josh was enjoying himself, Walter Pinkton was most certainly not. The one thing the two men did have in common, however, was that they were both quoting Shakespeare. While Josh glibly shot out a one-liner from Macbeth, Walter was religiously repeating the famous pep-talk from Henry V, seeking in the familiar words the courage to face the faceless enemy. Unlike Josh however, Walter was finding that he needed a hell of a lot more than ‘a little touch of Harry in the night’.
Feeling distinctively mortal crouching in the shadows beside the rushing water, Walter silently mouthed the immortal lines:

“Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more!
Or close the wall up with our English dead!”

Scar, hidden in the rocks some distance above, scanned the summit for signs of his prey, was oblivious to Walter’s whispered mutterings.

“Stiffen the sinews, conjure up the blood,
Disguise fair nature with hard favored rage.”

Walter’s own sinews felt like water and though his heart was racing, the only rage he could muster was directed at Jocco for putting him in this position!

“Let us swear that you are worth your breeding, which I doubt not!”

Unlike the warrior-king, Walter was filled with self doubt. Sweating despite the cold, he glanced to the left where a narrow cut opened onto the far bank. There, not thirty feet away, the two men he feared to face suddenly materialized. “The game’s afoot!”, burst into his befuddled brain, as he stood and began to fire.
***
A tactical shotgun at close range is a deadly weapon. The short barrel guarantees a wide spread, the steel double-ought pellets guarantees maximum damage. All that was required of the user was that he point the thing in the general direction. If Walter had taken the time to do this, both Josh and Cobb would have been hurt if not killed. Luckily for them, Walter was in a rush. His first shot went off even before he had brought the gun around. The recoil jerked the stubby barrel up, causing his second shot to decapitate a nearby spruce tree. By the time he gained some control over the powerful weapon, both Josh and Cobb had him in their own sights. Cobb’s AR-15, still on triple-burst, punched him three times in the chest. Josh’s Defender pump, much like Walter’s weapon, sent a spreading swath of #2 shot into the former personnel officer’s face.
What was left was not a pretty sight.
“One down, one to go,” Cobb said.
Both men cautiously moved up the river bank.
***
Scar heard the blasts from back down towards the falls and swore. He thought of calling out, but decided against it. The little shit was probably dead and there was no sense in giving his own position away. Even if Walter hadn’t bought he farm, he was useless as tits on a bull anyway. Scar checked the banana clip on his H & K and moved to a better position where he could watch back down the trail.
He didn’t have long to wait before a figure, flitting from tree to tree, came into sight. It wasn’t Williams, but it would do. Scar wrapped the leather sling of his rifle around his wrist for better support and peered into the scope. The cross-hairs lined up briefly on Cobb’s chest just before the man moved in behind a large pine. Sucking in his breath, Scar waited for the man to appear at the far side.
He didn’t. Cursing, Scar looked up and saw Cobb scrambling on all fours down towards the river. Unwilling to wait for a still shot, Scar pulled the trigger on the automatic weapon. Full metal jacket loads streaked across the river, heating the air with their deadly passage. Rockchips flew, hot led wined as half a dozen bullets slammed into the stony riverbed.
All but one missed their mark. Struck in the fleshy part of his left arm, the bullet passed clean through, missing the bone and leaving a bloody but not fatal wound. The force of it spun Cobb around and over a knee-high boulder. From the far bank, Scar fired again, this time holding the trigger back. The H & K bucked as the perforated barrel vomited death. A dozen rounds slammed into the large boulder, punctuated by Scar’s wordless scream.
Then the gun overheated and jammed. Scar frantically worked the slide to clear the breach, but to no avail.
“Give it up, friend,” a voice said. “It’s over.”



Turning, he saw Josh standing less than ten feet behind him, the Defender pump leveled at his stomach. Scar’s ruined face distorted into a hideous grin. “Well, Farmer, looks like it’s just you and me.”
Josh eased to the side, trying to see if Cobb was still alive. As his eyes flicked towards the far bank, Scar thrust the jammed rifle directly at Josh’s face. Raising his shotgun to deflect the thrown weapon, Josh was tackled around the waist and pushed backwards. Both men toppled over a fallen log. The force of the landing punched the air from Josh’s lungs and loosened his grip on the Defender.
“Bastard!”, Scar hissed, clawing for Josh’s throat, at the same time trying to knee him in the groin. Josh head butted him in the nose, then drove the heel of his hand into Scar’s chin. Rolling away in pain, Scar frantically groped for the .357 in his shoulder holster, but the gun had been shaken loose by the fall. As Scar scrambled for the Army Colt at his side, Josh rammed into him, sending both men off the bank and into a deep pool in the river.
Frigid water engulfed them, immediately sapping their strength and threatening to seize their hearts. Locked in a deathly embrace, both men kicked their way to the surface. The .45 was now in Scar’s hand. Swinging the weapon around, he slammed the butt into Josh’s shoulder. Pain coursed down his arm, then faded, frozen by the wet, icy water that sucked the strength from their limbs. The heavy Colt. in Scar's hand raised again, slower this time, for the glacial melt made no distinction between good and bad. Half frozen fingers fumbled for the safety. 'Click'. Now for the trigger --- 
As though in a dream, Josh watched as the Tanto appeared in his hand. Moving upwards in an arc, the icy water glistened on the blade as it slashed across Scar’s exposed throat.
Surprise mingled with shock registered in Scar’s one good eye as his life’s blood gushed out, staining the clear, glacial water pink. Slowly the Colt fell from his hand. Josh shoved the dying man into the current and in slow motion towards the far shore. By the time he made it to the bank, Scar’s body had already been carried over the falls.
“Josh!”, Cobb yelled, hobbling over the water-smoothed rocks. “Josh, you okay?” Blood from the flesh wound in his arm left a spotted trail. Cobb winced as he sat down beside his friend.
“Better than you,” Josh replied, seeing the bloody arm.
“Hell,” Cobb grinned. “The asshole only nicked me, but you got him good.”
“Ya, well that ‘asshole’ nearly blew my brains out.”
“You should have offed him from behind when you had the chance,” Cobb said grimly.
Josh gazed at the frothing lip of the falls. “We’ve been chasing that bag of shit for almost a year now. I wanted to see his face before I killed him.”
Cobb nodded, his own face a grimace of pain. “Was it worth it?”
Josh’s voice seemed as far away as his thoughts. “Until a few days ago I would have said yes. Now I just want my boy back.”
Cobb placed his good hand on his friend’s shoulder. “We’ll get him out, Josh. Flame too.”
Josh attempted a smile. “Sure, but right now we have to stop that bleeding.”
Leaving Cobb with his arm thrust deep into the rushing stream, Josh left to retrieve the dropped weapons. By the time he returned, Cobb’s wound was washed clean and numbed by the cold water. After dressing it and giving Cobb two pain killers, they lit a small, smokeless fire and ate. Scar’s pack had produced a variety of freeze-dried food, a flask of rum as well as six grenades and extra clips for both the H & K and the .357. While Josh played chef, Cobb checked each of their weapons.
“This H & K is a real piece of work,” Cobb said, the appreciation for fine craftsmanship clear in his voice. The pain-killers had done their job, and a few belts from the flask hadn’t hurt either. Both men had been going full out for the last two days and knew they needed an hour’s rest for what still lay ahead.
“How so?”, Josh asked, more out of a desire to continue the conversation than out any real interest. When left alone to his own thoughts, they always turned to his captured son.
Cobb listed the H & K’s high points. “Laser scope with infra-red capacity and digital distance read-out, perforated barrel for rapid cooling and a banana clip that holds thirty rounds.”
Josh filled his pipe from a zip-lock bag of tobacco that was only partially damp. Less than an hour later both men, now walking arsenals, headed out on the last leg of their journey.
***
After observing Jocco’s chopper make an emergency landing back at his hunting lodge, John Lonefeather and Charley Little Dog made their way quietly back to the LAV. Though the news they carried was vital, Jim Carroll had forbidden them to use their walkie-talkie this close to the lodge.
“Shit!”, the older Indian said. “Those buggers came down hard! Bent the tail section all to hell!”
“Ya, but they still made it back in one piece. I was hoping the buggers would crash!”
A quarter of a mile further they were challenged by two of Carroll’s guards, then escorted to their makeshift camp. Jim Carroll himself met them. Eddy and the other members of the LAV were with him. When word of Jocco’s damaged chopper landing at the lodge was given, Carroll called for an immediate all out attack.
“But you can’t!”, Bobby Stewart yelled. “Mr. Williams said Jessie and Flame would be killed at the first sign of trouble!”
“And what’s that to me, boy?”, Carroll demanded. “We’ve got that bastard Jocco trapped! We’re blocking the only road so he can’t get out and his men can’t in --- and now his chopper is damaged so he can’t fly away! I say we take him now before his men break through!”
The crowd around him shouted their agreement and began to surge forward. All there had suffered because of Jocco, had felt his casual cruelty tearing at their already shattered lives, and each one was hungry for revenge. Eddy, standing beside Bobby and Carroll, did what he had to do in order to save his best friend’s son. Unseen by the others, he drew his revolver and pressed the stubby barrel into Carroll’s side.
The large man’s eyes widened. “What the hell?”
Eddy pressed harder, his voice a hoarse whisper. “I promised Josh we’d wait for him, and by God, we going to wait!”
“You’d shoot me?”
Eddy cocked the short, powerful gun. “If I have to.”
Carroll snorted. “You’d not leave here alive.”
“True, but then --- neither would you.” Eddy’s smile was surprisingly like his best friend’s.
Nate, standing close enough to have heard, spoke quietly to both men. “For Christ sake, Jim, listen to him!”
Carroll turned to the older man. “I’ll die rather than let that murdering snake get away!”
Nate sighed. “Perhaps it doesn’t have to come to that. What if Eddy sends the LAV down to fortify the roadblock? It’s loaded with firepower and Sam Waterford’s an army man. He’ll know how to make the best use it. The rest of us can surround the lodge. With his helicopter damaged Jocco’s trapped. If he makes a break for it, we take him, if not, we wait for Josh.”
Carroll drew a pensive breath, glancing down at the heavy revolver. “You know that we’re all probably waiting for a dead man?”
“Maybe,” Eddy said. “But we’re going to wait just the same.”
Carroll met the smaller man’s gaze. “You’ll send the LAV down to the roadblock?”
“Gladly --- as long as we don’t move against the lodge till tomorrow at sundown.”
Carroll stood silent for several seconds, then nodded and thrust out his hand. “Done! But I want that lodge sealed off tighter than an old maid’s asshole.”
Eddy looked at the meaty paw held out to him. His heart still racing, he uncocked the Cobra, holstered it quickly and shook the offered hand. Carroll’s other arm wrapped him in a firm embrace.
“You’ve got balls, Eddy, I’ll say that for you! It’s not often a man has a friend that’s willing to die for him!” Then, more quietly: “Would you really have shot me?”
“Only once,” Eddy replied, willing his voice not to shake.
Carroll’s deep laughter carried over the shouts of his men. “Once would have done it, Hoss! Now, let’s get that cannon on wheels of yours down to the bloody roadblock!”
***

Chapter 50



Jocco’s Hunting Lodge
Sequoia National Park
California, May 27th

As Charley Little Dog had so sagely remarked, Jocco was indeed pissed. The wounding of Ace and the near crash landing back at the lodge had sent him into a white rage. To make matters worse, he’d been unable to contact Scar and had just learned that a bunch of rag-tag half-breeds were successfully blocking the only road in or out. Feeling like a trapped animal, Jocco screamed into the mike. 
“I don’t give a shit how many men you’re loosing! Just smash through those fuckers and get up here!”
On the other end of the line, Tim Galt palmed the sweat off his grimy face. Rifles and small-arms fire could be heard in the background, punctuated by yelling and screams. “We’re trying our best, Jocco. George the Man’s here as well, but these bastards are good! They’ve got the road blocked with old cars and fallen trees. Each time we move up they hit us from three sides!”
“Outflank them, asshole!”, Jocco yelled. “Send troops into the woods!”
Tim’s voice trembled. “We’ve already tried that --- twice. Neither group came back.” Before Jocco could reply, a loud explosion was heard and George the Man’s voice replaced Tim’s.
“George here, Boss. They’ve just brought some kind of heavy tank up to the roadblock and are shelling us! Two of our trucks are already in flames!”
“Charge them!”, Jocco bellowed.
“Christ, Boss,” George replied. “We’d be cut to ratshit! Besides the cannon they’ve also got a 50 caliber on a swivel turret! We wouldn’t make it half way there!”
Another explosion was heard, then just static, leaving Jocco shouting into a dead mike. He tossed it aside and turned to face those clustered around him. Bobby-Joe Burlis, Pam the Bitch, Eva Madeau and Pussbag all stared back at him, awaiting his orders. Ace sat off to one side, quietly bleeding out. These and the six guards outside were all that was left of Jocco’s kingdom.
‘How had it all gone so fucking wrong?’, the Dark Stranger asked himself, his mind searching for a way out. Suddenly his cold smile was back. “Bobby, get McBride in here. Pam, you and Eva bring up the woman and the boy. Now!”
As the three jumped to obey, Pussbag shuffled closer, his bayonet in his hand and madness in his eyes. Jocco placed a gentle hand on his shoulder. “Soon, old friend, soon, but first we have to prepare a fitting welcome for the good professor.”
***
The sky behind them was ablaze with pinks and reds as the two men stood gazing down at the lodge. The sun was still high enough to cast its brilliant rays into the valley below, bathing the large wooden building with its golden light. Josh, looking through his binoculars, swore softly.
“What is it?”, Cobb asked.
“He’s got Jessie and Flame tied out front.”
Cobb swept the two storied building with the scope from Scar’s captured rifle. Two guards out front, two more up on the second floor balcony. Between these last two Jessie and Flame hung suspended from the eves, their hands stretched over their heads, their feet resting on the top rail of the balcony. Jessie’s face was hard and fierce, like a tethered hawk. Flame defiantly tossed her long mane, obviously spitting venom at her captors.
“At least they’re still alive, Josh.”
“Ya, but for how long?”
Cobb shrugged. 
“I can’t leave them there like that,” Josh said, his voice an agonized whisper.
Cobb considered the distance between himself and the lodge. A good 200 yards at least. “Well, I could probably take out the guards in front, but the ones up top are too close to Jessie and Flame. If we get nearer...”
Josh shook his head. “I have to get inside. If not, as soon as there’s trouble he’ll kill one and still have the other to bargain with.”
Cobb suddenly grabbed Josh’s arm. “You’re not going to give yourself up?!”
“If I have to. It’s the only way.”
Cobb’s hand tightened. “You can’t make deals with scum like that! He’ll make you watch them both die, then kill you too!”
“I know that,” Josh replied, his voice as hard as the metal object he held in his fist. “But at least I’ll take Jocco with us.”
Cobb frowned, his gaze fixed on the grenade in Josh’s hand. “One way or the other, Cobb, it all ends right here.”
***

Sergeant Phil McBride, trying his best to ignore the string of abuse being heaped upon him from the female prisoner, continued to scan the open slopes before him. The red-headed bitch, however, had a mouth on her that just wouldn’t quit.
“ --- and when he gets here, Limp Dick, you’ll wish your retarded father had used a condom instead of bringing a gutless wonder like you into the world!”
“Let me shut her up, Sarj,” Private Joe Lions pleaded, raising the butt of his rifle to within inches of Flame’s face. “A few missing teeth should close that big mouth of hers!”
Flame’s green eyes bored into the skinny little man, making him feel smaller than ever. “Go on, Puke Face. Take your best shot! Once my man gets here there won’t be enough of you left to scrap off my boot!”
As Lions drew the rifle back to hit her, McBride shoved him roughly away. “Back off, Private! Jocco doesn’t want the goods damaged --- yet.”
Lions was about to reply when he saw Jessie staring at him. For a long moment their eyes locked. “What the fuck are you looking at?”
Jessie’s gaze never faltered. “A dead man.”
***
Despite the cool breeze, Eddy was sweating. The sight of Flame and Jessie tied up on the open balcony had shaken him badly. If Josh didn’t get there soon, he didn’t know what the hell he’d do! Crouching beside him in the underbrush, Bobby Stewart suppressed a nervous shudder. Through holes in the greenery they could see two guards standing at the edge of the forest. So far there was no sign of John Lonefeather and Charley Little Dog.
Eddy’s grip on Nate’s old Remington 44-40 tightened. When learning that Eddy had asked Lonefeather to take him back up to the lodge, the old man had offered Eddy his long rifle. 
“Try this,” Nate had drawled, handing Eddy the heavy weapon and nodding his whiskered chin at Josh’s 30-30. “It’s got nearly three times the punch of that pop gun you got there, holds three 510 gram hollow points with room for one more up the spout. Kicks like a bastard, but it’ll stop an elephant.”
Eddy had reluctantly handed over the Winchester. “Josh gave me this the night he left for Bakersfield. I had hoped to give it back to him.”
Nate had smiled and cradled the shorter, lighter rifle. “I’ll hold it for you till you both come back, maybe even try it out down at the roadblock.”
Now, crouching in the forest near the lodge, Eddy hefted Nate’s heavier gun; its weight, however, gave him little comfort. There was no sign of Josh and time was fast running out for Flame and Jessie.
“What do we do now?”, Bobby whispered.
“Pray those two Indians know don’t blow it!”
Bobby drew his Python. The corm barrel caught the last rays of the setting sun. “Shouldn’t we move up in case...”
Just then they saw one of the two guards raise his rifle and step forward into the forest. The other hesitated, then followed. Bobby looked at Eddy, who shrugged an answer. Then the sounds of a brief scuffle reached them, a muffled cry and then silence. Off to the right a jay screeched its indignation. From up ahead an owl hooted, Lonefeather’s signal that all was well. Eddy and Bobby moved to meet them.
***
“Who are those guys?”, Cobb whispered, pointing at the edge of the forest where two shadowy forms had just overpowered the forward pair of guards. As he spoke, the two shadows became four.
Josh looked through the field glasses and grinned. “I don’t know about the others, but those last two look a hell of a lot like Eddy and Bobby!”
“Damn!”, Cobb beamed as he looked through the H&K’s powerful scope. “It is them!”
Moments later the four friends were reunited, each briefly hugging the other. Bobby did a poor job of hiding his tears. Off to one side John Lonefeather and Charley Little Dog stood silently. Eddy made a fast introduction and all six moved deeper into the trees, taking the bodies of the two guards with them.
“God-Almighty, Josh,” Eddy sighed. “It’s good to see you back. I was starting to get a bit worried.”
“Me too,” Josh smiled.
“What about One-Eye, Mr. Williams?”, Bobby asked. “We heard he was chasing the both of you?”
“Scar’s dead, Bobby,” Cobb said.
Bobby grinned. “You get him?”
Cobb shook his head. “Josh did. Cut his throat.”
Bobby’s grin faded; the thought of his former teacher cutting a man’s throat, even a man like One-Eye, made his stomach want to heave.
Eddy touched his friend’s shoulder. “What do we do about Jessie and Flame?”
Josh’s look hardened. “Whatever we have to.”
***
Jocco couldn’t sit still. The waiting was really starting to get to him. By the looks of the four others in the room, it was getting to them too. Pam was pacing back and forth in front of the fireplace, her hand nervously resting on the pearled grips of her Browning automatic. Eva Madeau was sitting on the edge of the couch, her Uzi in one hand and her third Jack Daniels in the other. Bobby-Joe Burlis, an AR-15 hugged to his chest, stood looking out the large patio doors, his gaze fixed on the backs of the two captives suspended from the eves. The only two in the room who seemed unruffled were Pussbag and Ace. Pussbag because, like the calm before the storm, never felt more at peace with himself than just before a killing; Ace because he was already dead.
Sergeant Phil McBride, a walkie-talkie in his hand, stepped in 
“What is it?!”, Jocco demanded. from the balcony and spoke to Bobby-Joe in hushed but urgent tones.
Bobby-Joe shrugged nervously. “Probably nothing, Jocco. It’s just that Phil here can’t get two of the guards on the radio.”
“What two?”
McBride drew himself up to attention. “Peterson and Hobbs, Sir. They were our advanced perimeter, out by the edge of the forest. One minute they were there, the next they weren’t.”
“Maybe they heard something and went in to check it out,” Bobby-Joe put in. “They’ll show up.” Despite the bluster, the nervous quaver in his voice gave him away. Peterson and Hobbs had already shuffled off this mortal coil, bit the bullet, bought the farm, took a long walk off a short pier --- and all there knew it.


“What the fuck...?!” Eva, on her way for another shot of Jackie D, was now staring wide-eyed at a cloud of smoke billowing out of the kitchen. “Fire!”, Pam the Bitch screamed.
Eva the Butch complied. Dropping her glass, she gripped her Uzi with both hands and sprayed the kitchen with a liberal helping of 9 mm. led. The half opened French doors exploded, splinters of wood and shards of glass as a thick pall of smoke rapidly filled the room.
***
Since even before Josh set the fire in back of the lodge, Cobb, from his position on the first ridge, had Private Leo Lions in the cross-hairs of Scar’s captured H & K. At the same time as a befuddled Eva was emptying her clip into an empty room, Cobb squeezed off a shot. The powerful rifle seemed to cough and Leo the Lion’s skull suddenly became a gory mess of shattered bone and splattered brain. Punched backwards, Leo’s body went the plate glass window of the balcony and lay leaking blood on the polished pinewood floor. Cobb shifted slightly, searched for the second guard that had been standing on the far side of the balcony but  Jessie’s swaying body was blocking his view.
Cobb taking out the two men guarding the prisoners was the signal for Eddy and Bobby to open fire. As planned, their targets were the two soldiers standing out front on the grass. Bobby’s Python boomed once, twice, three times. His target went down --- then started returning his fire.
At the same time, Eddy, sighting down the long barrel of Nate’s 44-40, squeezed off a shot at the second man as he turned and sprinted for the lodge. As Nate had warned, the gun kicked like mule and walnut stock slammed into Eddy’s jaw. Where the powerful bullet hit, a chunk the size of a hand went flying from the log wall of the lodge. Stars swirling, Eddy cursed and worked the bolt. Bobby, his Python empty, was fumbling more shells out of his pocket; in doing so he presented a clear target to the soldier he had wounded. The man, fixing Bobby in his sights, was about to squeeze the trigger when Cobb made his second head shot of the day.
The second guard, the one Eddy had missed, had by now reached the lodge, sprinted into the basement and slammed the heavy door shut behind him. His breath coming in ragged gulps, he leaned against the solid door, a satisfied smile on his flushed face. Then something struck the door hard. The vibration seemed to pass right through him. Directly behind him an ancient snow blower jumped as though hit by an invisible hand. Through dimming eyes the man noticed that a large hole had been punched in the snow blower’s metal hood. Looking down at himself he saw that an even larger hole had been punched in his chest.
“Shit!”, he hissed, his legs going out from under him. He was dead before he hit the floor. Nate’s 44-40 could be a real bitch indeed.
While the gun battle was taking place out front, a battle of a different kind was taking place out back --- a battle against time. Josh knew he had only minutes to reach Flame and his son before Jocco had them killed. Cobb, having been part of several hostage situations in the now dead past, knew that those first few minutes could easily shrink down to seconds. Hence the reason for the fire in the kitchen.
“You need a diversion,” Cobb had reasoned. “Several if possible. Fire. Explosives. A sudden killing. Anything to keep them disoriented.”
They had had the killings and the fire. Now it was time for the explosives. While Charley Little Dog tossed two grenades into the burning backdoor of the kitchen, John Lonefeather and Josh rushed up the steps leading to the front balcony. From his position high on the ridge, Cobb laid down a continuous cover-fire, spacing his shots on both sides of Flame and Jessie, still hanging helplessly out front. Both prisoners could hear the hot led screaming past their ears. Dangerous but necessary, for Cobb’s constant barrage kept everyone well away from the front windows.
Everyone but Pussbag.
***
In the year since The Cleansing, most of those who had survived had gone through some profound personal changes of their own, sounding the depths of their souls and finding their true selves. Private Theodore ‘Pussbag’ Smith however, had gone through a metamorphosis. Never very stable at the best of times, the horror unleashed at Nellis Airforce Base had driven him completely over the edge. A brooding sociopath to begin with, the shocking events of June 21st had crushed his already twisted brain and bruised soul to such an extent that what remained was hardly human. Though he walked on two legs, any remnant of Theodore Smith was gone forever, leaving in its place the psychopathic creature that answered to no one but its own inner ravings and its one true friend: Jocco, The Dark Stranger.
‘Follow me and I shall make you great,’ Jocco’s eyes had told him on their first meeting. ‘A promise is a promise.’ Pussbag had followed his new friend willingly, blindly. The Dark Stranger, embodied in the man called Jocco, had accepted him, sheltered him and given his life purpose; an empty, perverted purpose to be sure, but a purpose just the same. Pussbag had become the Dark Stranger’s avenging sword, his mighty right hand, his ‘Angel of Death’.
“Kill them!”, Jocco screamed. “Kill them both!”
Pussbag lifted his shaggy head. His friend’s voice seemed to come from far away; cold and cruel, edged with anger and eager anticipation. ‘As it is said, so let it be done!’ A distant quote from a dead past. Pussbag instantly moved to obey. Ignoring the fire, the bullets and the bodies, Pussbag, bayonet in hand, stepped through the shattered patio doors. The sun had set and darkness was now squeezing the land in its inky grip. All was as it should be. The victims waited, watching his every move. King Jocco’s Angel of Death strode forward. Which one would be first? The woman with the hair of fire or the boy with the old eyes? It really didn’t matter, for blood was blood. The boy was closer so the boy would do.
***


Jessie saw the wild-eyed man approaching, saw the long knife in his hand and saw also that he had but seconds to live. In the past year Jessie had faced many dangers, seen good people turn bad and bad people turn into monsters. Something told him that the man moving towards him was worse than all those other horrors combined. Pure evil on two legs. 
His hands being tied, Jessie instinctively kicked out at the evil thing. The youth’s thick soled hiking boot caught Pussbag squarely in the throat, all but crushing his larynx. Pain coursed through Pussbag like an electric current. Starting at his throat, it spread outward, weakening his knees, stabbing at his heart and causing a strangled groan to escape through his clamped jaws. The bayonet fell to the balcony floor as his hands automatically went to his ruined throat. Gasping for breath, he doubled over. As he did so Flame’s long legs wrapped around his neck, her ankles locked and her muscular thighs began to squeeze. As Pussbag’s hands came up in a reflex motion, Jessie kicked him again. And again --- and again.
Phil McBride, seeing Pussbag’s plight, stepped over Lions’ body and came up behind Flame. He was about to put a bullet into the back of her brain when an explosion rocked the kitchen, caused by the grenades Charley Little Dog had tossed in the back door. 
Shrapnel shrieked about like angry killer bees. The windows blew out, as did a good portion of the fire. Eva Madeau, still standing in the kitchen doorway, took the full blast. One piece of red-hot metal struck her in the forehead, sizzling its way into her brain.
Turning from his position behind Flame, Sergeant McBride saw Josh Williams and John Lonefeather running up the outside stairs. Startled, he began to swing his AR-15 around --- and took three hits in the chest from Josh’s Browning. Knocked backwards, he came to his final rest atop his ol’ buddy Leo the Lion.
John Lonefeather, having left Josh to free the prisoners, dove into the room, rolled over some broken glass and came up behind a smoldering sofa. Ace’s dead eyes stared up at him.
“Shit!”, he exclaimed, stepping back. At that moment Pam the Bitch came out of the smoke and shot him twice in the stomach. Knock backwards, Lonefeather went down hard, loosing his rifle in the process. 
Grinning, Pam advanced. Kneeling by the body, she pressed the barrel of her rifle into Lonefeather’s ear. As she was about to shoot the body suddenly rolled on its back and something flashed in the fading light. Pam screamed and pulled the trigger. Lonefeather died with a bullet in his brain, but not before giving his murderess something to remember him by. Blinking back the tears, Pam looked down in disbelief at the knife buried up to the hilt in her left thigh. As the pain set in she started to scream.
***
Bobby-Joe had had enough. After emptying his clip at the open doorway, he bolted for a side window. Shielding his face with his hands, he crashed through the heavy glass, cutting himself badly in the process. Landing in a clumsy roll on the sloping grass, he came up with his legs and heart pumping. The sheltering trees were only fifty feet away. If he could but reach them he might just ---
A young man suddenly materialized between him and the forest.
For a frozen moment their eyes locked. The world shrunk to the few green yards between them. One man trying to flee, the other determined that he would not. With bleeding hands the one raised his weapon, the other did the same. Shots were fired, several from both combatants, their staccato barks adding to the roar of the fire and the screams of hate and pain. Then both men went down.
Eddy, seeing Bobby fall, yelled out his name. Rushing forward, Eddy was nearly struck by Pussbag’s body as it tumbled from the balcony above. The body smacked the heavy log railing, folded in a way human bones were never meant to fold, then flopped in a mangled heap at Eddy’s feet. Glancing up he saw Josh cutting Flame and Jessie free.
“Eddy, I’m hit!” Bobby’s voice seemed more surprised than hurt. The youth was sitting up cradling his left arm. Eddy had covered half the distance when he saw the man Bobby had shot rise like Lazerus from his grave. Covered with blood from his dive through the lodges window and two of young Bobby’s bullets, Captain Bobby-Joe Burlis, his lower jaw hanging by a flap of skin, pointed his revolver like an accusing finger at Bobby’s kneeling form.
“Noooo!”, Eddy screamed, raising Nate’s heavy 44-40.
The bleeding man that had once been Mrs. Burlis’ baby boy, swung his deadly finger in Eddy’s direction. There was a puff of smoke, followed by a wine near Eddy’s ear. Then the long rifle bucked, slapping his already bruised cheek for the third time. As though in a dream, Eddy saw the man spin around, his weapon going one way, his lower jaw another. Landing on his stomach, the gaping hole in his lower back steamed from vaporized organs.
***
Inside the lodge chaos ruled. A woman was screaming. Flames licked at the aged wood, bodies smoldered, smoke filled the rooms and seeped out the windows. Josh, having cut Flame and Jessie free, pressed them back against the outside wall. Someone had just fired wildly through the open doorway. 
“You’re fine now!”, he repeated, holding them both in his arms. “It’s over.” Flame kissed him and pushed herself up straight. Taking the shotgun he had slung on his back, she chambered a shell.
“Not yet, Lover.”
Jessie squeezed his father’s hand, then, pulling the Desert Wind from Josh’s belt, looked into eyes identical to his own. “Flame’s right, Dad. He’s still alive.”
The parent in Josh wanted to shout out a warning, wanted to clutch his child to him and shield him from the cold, cruel world. The man in him however, knew that his son was right. It would never truly be over as long as Jocco lived.
Josh nodded.
Jessie smiled and father and son turned towards the shattered doorway. Flame was waiting.
Inside the woman had stopped screaming.
“Can’t see a bloody thing!”, Flame growled through the smoke.
Two shots suddenly rang out, followed by a muffled scream.
“Out back!” Jessie yelled, already sprinting for the kitchen.
“Wait!”, Josh called, but both Jessie and Flame were gone. Browning in hand, he followed.
Charley Little Dog lay sprawled on his back, his vacant eyes staring up at the early stars. Blood trickled from the hole in his forehead. A gun went off to their right, the loud report echoing off the mountains. All three crouched, weapons ready, peering into the fading light.
“Over there!”, Eddy yelled, pointing with the still smoking barrel of Nate’s 44-40. “They shot Charley and headed for the trees!”
“How many?”, Josh asked.
Eddy emerged from the growing dark. Bobby was leaning against him, blood pouring from the wound in his leg.
“A man and a woman!”, Eddy answered. “I got off a shot, but missed.”
Flame was already half way to the forest. Jessie was right behind her. Josh turned to Eddy. 
“See to Bobby, then find Cobb. We’ll be back.”
Eddy nodded. As Josh hurried after Flame and his son, Bobby called after him. “You get him, Mr. Williams. Get him good!”
Josh was already at the trees.
***

Chapter 51


High in the hills
Sequoia National Park
California, May 27t

“It hurts, Jocco!”
“Shut the fuck up!”, the man hissed.
“But I can’t stop the bleeding!”
Jocco leaned closer to the woman, his cruel mouth just inches from her own. “Then die, bitch, but keep your fucking mouth shut!”
Pam turned away, hatred and pain coursing through her. Since entering the forest they hadn’t stopped running. At first her leg didn’t hurt so bad. They’d escaped death and the adrenaline was still pumping like crazy, but as time passed the pain had really set in. As they stopped to catch their breath, she sat on a fallen log and pulled Lonefeather’s knife of her thigh. It hadn’t bled much then, but now, after stumbling through the thick forest another for twenty minutes her whole leg ached like hell and was bleeding like a stuck pig.
“I got to rest.” Even to Pam her own ears the words had a distant, far away, dream-like  quality to them. She blinked and found herself sitting on the ground, half propped against a tree. Blood still poured from the leg wound. Part of her realized that she was bleeding to death. The other part didn’t give a shit. All she wanted to do was close her eyes.
“Here, take these.” In Jocco’s outstretched palm were two red capsules. Slowly she reached for them, dropping one. Jocco cursed and, scooping up the wayward capsule, shoved it and a quantity of leaf mould into her mouth. Pam gagged once, then dry-swallowed the lot. 
As he stood looking down at her, a plan began forming in Jocco’s mind. He knew that William’s and the others would follow --- the red headed bitch with the sewer mouth had made that abundantly clear --- as had the son’s silent glare. Most men wouldn’t --- or women, but the good professor’s brood wasn’t like most people. Jocco had realized quite early in life that there really were just two kinds of people --- sheep and wolves --- and that the vast majority of the world were the former kind. It was just a twisted turn of  fate that the ones following him were most definitely from the much smaller but oh so dangerous ‘wolf clan’.
Jocco, a sly, older alpha wolf himself, spoke softly to the dying woman at his feet. 
 “You just rest there, Pam. I’ll see if I can find us some water.” Jocco’s voice had taken on that velvety smoothness that should have sent warning bells clanging in her head. Pam the Bitch, however, was too far gone to notice. 
What with the shock from her wound and the loss of so much blood she wasn’t thinking straight. The fact that the drugs he’d forced down her throat were starting to kick in did little to help her cognitive faculties. Grinning like a cat full of cream, Jocco watched for her eyes to glaze. When they did he gave her his orders.
“That’s it, Pam. Just rest till I get back. Pretend to be sleeping. If they do find you before I get back, pretend to be sleeping. Let them walk right up to you.” He placed her chrome-plated .38 in her right hand. “When they bend down to check you out, let them have it. I’ll be close by and finish them off. Got that?”
Feeling like a boat adrift on a tranquil sea, Pam nodded. The pain had faded to a dull throb and the night had taken on a strange beauty. Moonbeams began to dance before her eyes. 
“Sure, Baby,” she mumbled. “Let ‘em walk right up --- then blast ‘em.”
In the moonlight Jocco’s grin truly did resemble a wolf’s snarl. “That’s my girl. I’ll be back soon with some water.”
As Jocco stood, Pam grabbed his pant leg. Her voice had a little-girl-lost quality to it. “You won’t leave me, will you Jocco?”
The man who would be king patted her head like he would an obedient hound. “Now, would I do that to my best girl?”
Pam’s grip fell away, a befuddled but contented smile on her pale face.
The Dark Stranger backed quietly into the shadows. Once there, he looked about for some place to set up his ambush. The scudding clouds revealed a jumble of rocks half way up a small hill. He scrambled up to the rocks from where he could clearly see Pam stretched out in the moonlit glade. It was a bit further away than he liked, but the AR-15 on full rock n’ roll would easily make up for the distance. Of course, Pam would also be hit, but then she was as good as dead already. Besides, this far away he’d have a good head start if anything went wrong. Finding a crevasse in the rocks, he laid his rifle down and lit a smoke, content to wait for his cunning plan to unfold.
***
Josh felt uneasy. For one thing there was an almost full moon, its silver light filtering down through the trees made them all stand out like sore thumbs. For another the trail was just too damn easy to follow! Besides the blood scattered about, the quantity of which Josh didn’t think it humanly possible to loose and still be alive, they were making no effort to cover their tracks. Either they were running scared or they were laying a trap. Knowing Jocco as he did, Josh bet on the latter.
Jessie suddenly gripped his arm. “Look at that, Dad. Up ahead. Its Jocco’s girlfriend.”
There, in plain view in a small clearing, was a woman propped up against a lone pine. She was dressed in torn fatigues with a dark stain all down her left leg. In contrast, the moonlight turned her long blonde hair almost white.
“Looks like she’s been hit,” Jessie continued. “Maybe Eddy didn’t miss after all.”
“Let’s make sure,” Flame said, raising her shotgun.
“No,” Josh whispered, gently easing the Defender’s short barrel to one side. “No sense letting Jocco know where we are.”
Flame grinned and drew Josh’s Tanto from his belt. The sharpened steel glittered in the moonlight. “You’re the boss, Lover, but I’ve got a score to settle with that bitch. If she’s not already dead, she soon will be.”
Josh gripped her wrist with one hand and gently retrieved his knife with the other. “Something’s wrong, Flame. I don’t like it.”
“You think it’s a trap?”, Jessie asked.
Josh glanced around. “Could be. Out there in the moonlight we’d be sitting ducks.”
“Want to scout around first, Dad?”
Josh smiled at his son. “It couldn’t hurt. You and Flame check out those rocks up there. I’ll work my way through the pines downslope. In ten minutes we meet at the far side of the clearing. That way we can come up behind her.”
Flame pulled her hand free. “Look, you two boys can play Daniel Boon if you want to. Me, I’m going to have a one-sided chat with that bitch right now!”
Josh frowned. He knew that when Flame got her back up there was no reasoning with her, yet he tried anyway.
“How about this?” she said after he’d had his say. “The two of you go off and do your thing and I’ll cover you both from here. Once you reach your positions, you can cover me when I check out the bitch?”
Josh nodded reluctantly, knowing it was the best offer he was going to get. “But wait till you hear us both whistle before leaving these trees.”
“Sure thing, Lover,” she said. “Now get going. I have to take a leak.”
***


From his position up in the rocks, Jocco saw the three of them at the far edge of the clearing. In the bright moonlight they looked like three pale ghosts. His hand reached for his AR-15. Part of him wanted to off the bastards then and there, but another part, the part that had gotten him up the slippery ladder of success, told him to wait. ‘Too far off’, he reasoned. ‘Over a hundred yards at least. Best wait till they’re all right up to Pam.’ It displeased him greatly when the three split up, each one slipping into the shadows like a wraith.
“Shit!”, Jocco swore, then cursed again for speaking out loud. The forest around him had gone as silent as a grave and he knew that he was out of his element. The hustle and bustle of the city streets were his domain, while those good old boys down there were born and bred in an outhouse. Then he saw the boy's blond head moving towards him and a cruel smile twisted his handsome features.
 “Come on you little shit,” he whispered as a new idea burst upon him. If he could capture the kid he’d have a hostage to bargain with! “Uncle Jocco has a surprise for you.” Slithering back into a large crevasse in the rocks, he crouched down to wait. Soon the quiet scuffle of boots could be faintly heard coming up the slope.
***

Flame had quickly answered the call of nature and now sat scanning the small clearing. The woman propped up against the tree hadn’t moved an inch in the last five minutes. Flame didn’t think she’d ever move again.
“Men,” she muttered to herself. “Always acting like tough little boys. Any fool can see the bitch is dead.” She hefted the riot gun and a new thought popped into her mind. ‘Even if she was dead it could still be a trap!’ Jocco was a user of people. The fact that his girlfriend had bit the big one wouldn’t stop him from still using her. He could be out there now waiting for them to step into his scope and here she sat with a bloody scattergun that was only good up close. She needed a long distance weapon if she was going to be any help to Josh and Jessie! ‘The dead bitch by the tree might just have one!’ Squinting into the moonlight glade, she couldn’t be sure. ‘That ‘might’ be an AR-15 beside the body --- then again, it might be a bloody stick!’
“Only one way to find out, girl,” she muttered. Flicking the safety off the stubby little shotgun, she stepped out from the shadows
***
Both Jessie and Jocco saw Flame at the same time. Though they didn’t know it, there was only a large boulder between them. Jocco swung his rifle round and sighted on the long legged woman moving cautiously towards Pam. The cross-hairs of the night-scope centered on the side of her head. It would be a long shot, but a triple-burst should do it.
Then he heard Jessie whistle from the far side of the rock. Shocked by the nearness, he quickly retreated back into the darkened slit. The sound of Jessie’s approaching feet became louder. Then a shadow blocked the opening of his lair. Like a creature of the night, Jocco crouched, ready to spring. Jessie’s form was silhouetted in the moonlight. The youth raised his left hand and whistled again. A distant response came from the far side of the glade. Jessie was about to move on when Jocco struck. Bounding out of his hole, he slammed the butt of his rifle into the back of the boy’s head. Even as Jessie was collapsing, Jocco was hauling him back into his den.
***
Pam was wasted. Whatever Jocco had given her had really done the trick! The pain was gone, along with the fear and the worry. The fact that she was still bleeding to death struck her as kind of 'funny'. Like the little girl in Lewis Carroll’s classic, Pam the Bitch was lost in Wonderland  --- and she didn’t give a shit.

“One pill makes you taller,
and one pill makes you small.
And the ones that Mother gives you,
don’t do anything at all.
Go ask Alice,
when she’s ten feet tall.”

Inside her head the old song sounded great! With the Jefferson Airplane pumping out the background, she and Grace Slick were both wailing away at the mike. Barely breathing, Pam the Bitch rocked on silently towards eternity. What snapped her back to reality was the barrel of Flame’s riotgun being shoved rudely into her open mouth.
“Wha-ta-fawk?!”
“Easy does it, Blondie!”, Flame ordered. “Where’s your boyfriend?”
Pam tried to focus on the person standing over her. It took her some time to recognize Flame, for it was a long way back from Wonderland, and the fucking White Rabbit was nowhere to be seen! Climbing out of the deep well of her mind she realized there was something she had to do. Jocco had ordered it. ‘Off with her head!’ the Red Queen screamed. Oddly, the queen wore Jocco’s handsome sneer. Like the puppet she had become, Pam jerked her hand up from her side. In it was the silver-plated .38.
Flame, seeing the flash in the moonlight, leaned forward --- hard. The barrel of the Defender snapped Pam’s head back hard against the pine tree, breaking off two teeth in the process. The blonde’s eyes rolled back white as she slipped to one side, the unused revolver still clutched in her hand.
***
Up on the ridge, Jocco chose that exact moment to open fire. Soft-nosed slugs worked their way down the pine, across Pam’s unconscious body and into the needles carpeting the base of the tree. On full rock n’ roll, Jocco had emptied half his clip before he saw that his red-head target was no longer there.
Now sheltered behind the large tree, Flame let go two blasts from the Defender, neither of which came anywhere near reaching the distant ridge. Several more slugs from Jocco’s AR-15 tore at the gnarled trunk.
“Christ!”, she swore, seeing the muzzle flashes and knowing they were too far away for the riotgun. Then she spotted the .38 still in Pam’s hand. Making a grab for it brought on another hail of bullets from Jocco, but she regained the relative safety of the tree clutching the chrome plated weapon. Looking down at it, she smiled. Blade had once owned a gun just like it, but the asshole had traded it for a kilo of grass. ‘Why die when you can get high?’ he used to say. Guns had never been Blade’s bag anyway. Flame however, just loved them. Though it only had a two inch barrel, Pam’s piece was a Ruger SP101, chambered for the heavier high velocity loads. It would kick like a bastard but it would get there. She snapped open the cylinder and her smile widened. Six fresh rounds.
Laying down, she sighted on the ridge. “Eat shit and die, mother-fucker!” A split second after the next muzzle-flash from the AR-15, she squeezed off a round herself.
***
Josh was running frantically through the trees. He’d almost made it to the far end of the clearing when the shooting started. Now, from a rocky outcropping, he stopped long enough to look down on the moonlit glade. Flame was crouching behind the large pine. The slumped over body of the blonde lay at her feet. The distinctive sound of a revolver boomed once. From high on the ridge to the right the chatter of an AR-15 answered. Josh’s heart fell to his stomach as he realized that the muzzle flashes were coming from the rocks his son had gone to check out! 
“Jessie!”, he hissed, instinctively raising his Browning, then lowering it. The ridge was in the shadows and over a hundred and fifty yards away. Even if he could see Jocco, he’d never hit him from here. Josh needed to get a hell of a lot closer --- and that suited him just fine. Silently he slipped quickly into the shadows.
***
Despite the cool, night breeze, Jocco was sweating. He’d used up his first magazine and was halfway through his second. When that was gone he’d only have his Colt Double Eagle. Though the .45 was a powerful weapon, it only held eight rounds and he didn’t have a spare clip. Cursing under his breath, he switched the AR-15 to single shot, knelt down and waited for either Williams or the red-headed bitch to show themselves.
Behind him Jessie began to moan. Whirling around,  Jocco moved towards the semi-conscious youth. As he stood up, the wine from Flame’s second slug swished by his ear to ricochet off the granite wall. Rockchips flew and Jocco dove to his knees, tearing both pants and flesh in the process.
“Jesus-Fucking-Christ!”, he hissed. Still snarling, he grabbed Jessie by the scruff of his neck and hauled him towards the edge of the rocks. The ledge fell away at their feet. Flame, unseen behind her tree, was over fifty yards away. 
Jocco leaned the AR-15 against the rock wall, drew his Colt and pressed it into Jessie’s cheek. “Call out to them, kid! Let your papa and that red headed cunt know you’re still alive!”
Jessie, blood running down the back of his head, squeezed his eyes tight and willed the dizziness away. Despite his efforts, his knees buckled and Jocco had to shove him against the large boulder to hold him up.
“Don’t wimp out on me now, kid! Stand up like a man!”
Jessie stiffened. The last thing in the world he wanted was to show this bag of shit any sign of weakness.
“That’s better,” Jocco crooned in his ear, using Jessie’s body as a shield. “The only pussy round here is down there under that tree! Who knows? When this is all over, I might let you take your pick, but for now, sing out to your dear old daddy. I want him to know his baby boy is up here with his Uncle Jocco!”
“Tell him yourself, shit-for-brains! He’ll be here any minute!”
“Oh, I know he’s coming, kid. I’m counting on it!”
Jessie snorted, mockery joining the defiance in his blue eyes. “You think my father’s going to walk up and hand you his guns just because you’re holding me hostage? Christ, man, you’re dumber than I thought.”
“If he wants you to live he will!”, Jocco growled.
This time Jessie actually chuckled, drops of blood flying as he shook his head. “Not a chance, asswipe. My father loves me, but he’s a very practical man. He knows you’ll kill me right after you shoot him, so he won’t come out. But you can be damned sure he’ll get his revenge. You see, he’s also a very patient man.”
While Jocco was digesting all this, Jessie suddenly lashed out with his foot; not at Jocco, but at the AR-15. His hiking boot caught the weapon under the trigger guard and sent it sailing out into space. When it hit the bottom it discharged once and lay there silent and broken.
“You little shit!”, Jocco screamed, yanking Jessie back by the hair and cocking the Golden Eagle.
“Go ahead, you gutless wonder!”, Jessie hissed. “Shoot! Then my father will really have a reason to track you down! You remember Rambo don’t you? Calls himself Scar now? Well, we spent the last year chasing that one-eyed bastard. Tracked him all across a dead continent! At times the rest of us wanted to give up, but not my old man! And do you want to know why he wouldn’t quit? Because Scar killed his nephew. Now just think about how much more determined he’ll be if you kill his son. Hell”, Jessie smirked, “You're already a dead man!”
Jocco was taken back. The kid’s words had struck a nerve, a big mother-fucking nerve! He remembered how Scar had been haunted by the farmers chasing him. At the time he’d thought it a quaint little tale --- now it seemed more like a fucking nightmare! Shit! All his grand plans were suddenly going down the toilet! ‘How had it all gone so fucking wrong?!’
Yet in his heart he knew the answer --- all because of some hard-headed teacher called Josh Williams! Since meeting Williams and his little family everything had hit the fucking fan! The ‘great hunt’ had backfired. Now Scar was dead, along with Pussbag, Bobby-Joe and everyone else he could count on! A bunch of fucking Indians had ambushed his men, his pilot was lying back at the burnt-out lodge in a pool of his own blood and he was trapped out here with a backwoods madman on his tail!
Then, as it had all his wayward life, inspiration stuck. Jocco grinned and pulled Jessie to his feet. “What if I don’t kill you, kid? What if I only shoot off your kneecap instead? That way your practical loving father will have to hang around to help his crippled son! How about both kneecaps? That way Mr. Fucking Practical can’t send you hobbling back leaning on the red head while he comes after me.” By now Jocco was feeling very smug.
Too smug to be prepared for what happened next.
Jessie, his eyes wild, flung his head back, connecting hard with Jocco’s nose. Even as the bone crunched, Jessie swung his left elbow around, slamming it into Jocco’s ear. Cobb had repeatedly drilled into each of them the vulnerable spots on the human body.
“Eyes, ears, nose and throat, lads and lassies!” Cobb would say over and over. “Only a macho smuck goes for the jaw. Break your hand that way.”
“What about the balls?”, Flame had once asked, trying her best to keep a poker-face. The other women in the group had started to giggle. Cobb, however, had handled it like a pro. Without missing a step he had pointed out that the groin was indeed a very vulnerable spot, and that ‘women especially should go for it every chance they got’.
Jessie had learned his lessons well. Not only had he broken Jocco’s nose, but he’d burst his eardrum as well. Turning, Jessie drove his foot at the clincher. Instinct saved Jocco a crushed scrotum. Shoving his hand protectively in front of his groin, Jocco managed to deflect the crippling blow. He also managed to drop his gun. Jessie, still dizzy from the head wound, lost his balance and fell. The Colt lay near the edge of the cliff. Jessie scrambled for it while Jocco, his nose streaming blood, pounced on him from behind. The air exploded from Jessie’s lungs. Jocco’s weight shifted, his hand clawing for the lost automatic. Locked in a lethal embrace, both of them rolled dangerously close to the edge. Jocco, outweighing the lad by a good fifty pounds, was slowly getting the upper hand. Suddenly a shot rang out, the loud sound rebounding off the surrounding mountains.
“Get off him, NOW!” Josh Williams stood behind them, his Browning trained on the tangled forms.
“Dad!”, Jessie, momentarily loosening his grip on Jocco’s arm, rose to his knees --- and that was the opening the would-be king needed. From his boot he pulled a small but wicked blade. Still using the boy as a shield, he pressed it to Jessie’s throat.
“Now kid, we’ll see just how practical your old man really is! Drop the fucking gun, Daddy, or I’ll cut your son’s throat!”
For several heartbeats they held each others gaze. Josh’s hand tightened on the Browning. Jocco saw it and sneered. “Go on, Daddy, try it! Even if you do hit me and not him, I’ll still have time to off the little bastard!”
Josh’s hand wavered, then he slowly began to lower his gun. 
“NOOOO!”, Jessie screamed as he twisted suddenly in towards Jocco. The small blade grazed the base of his neck and on across his right shoulder. At the same time Jessie clamped his teeth onto Jocco’s left ear and bit down hard. Screaming, maddened with pain, Jocco pushed himself back, savagely thrusting Jessie away from him. Spitting blood and bits of cartilage, Jessie rolled towards his father while Jocco teetered on the edge. The Browning in Josh’s hand barked twice, followed by a blast from a shotgun. Jocco spun around, hit from both the front and the back. A surprised look came over his face. The small knife dropped and he followed it. Both hit the base of the cliff seconds later.
Josh rushed to his son and together they peered down the ledge. There, some twenty odd feet below, lay Jocco’s crumpled body. Flame stood off to one side, the Defender’s short barrel still smoking.
 “You boys alright up there?”, she called out.
Smiling, Josh hugged his son. “We are now! How about we all head home?!”
Jessie looked at his father. “You mean that, dad? Back to Hawthorn?!” Despite his wounds, Jessie’s voice was ecstatic --- a vision of Mai-Ling appearing in his mind.
Josh hugged his son again and grinned. “Where else, son? Where else?!”



The End
***



That’s the end of Year One.

You can continue the series at
W.WM.Mee SMASHWORDS
Or any other E-Book seller.

Thanks again and keep reading.

If you like, please leave a
short REVIEW at Smashwords
or send me an e-mail at

waynewmee@videotron.ca

‘Rest ye gentle, Sleep ye sound.’
***
Here’s the cover of the next book in the series.
(This one is my ‘personal favorite’!)



Thank you so much for reading my novel.

I hope you enjoyed ‘the world’ I created for you.
There is a lot more where that came from at

W.Wm.Mee  SMASHWORDS

Wayne Wm. Mee,
Montreal, Canada
***


Thanks again for your time
and come back soon!
***
