


Everlasting Beauty
By: Kay Elle
Disclaimer and Copyright
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.


Everlasting Beauty
Copyright © 2016 by Kay Elle
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof
may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever
without the express written permission of the writer
except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

Chapter One
I arrived at the diner at four o'clock in the afternoon as usual. I said hello to my co-workers when I arrived and pecked the girls on the cheek as I entered to greet them all. I walked to the punch clock and placed my card in it as usual. The smell of fries in fryers, burgers and pork chops on pans were the usual aromas in here, but I was used to it. I walked into the kitchen and grabbed an apron that hung on a hook that was nailed against the wall. Lydia walked towards me because I would be covering her tables for today.
"Ana, table four has chicken wings with barbecue sauce, ribs with fries and a beef burger. Tables five and six already ate soups and salads, but they asked for hot dogs, fried chicken, burgers, here," Lydia said handing me the orders.
"Okay," I said. If I were a new waitress I would have been overwhelmed, but this was routine for me. I grabbed the ticket and read the orders. Lydia took off her apron and hung it on the hook. She waved goodbye at me, opened the little kitchen door that divided us with the clients and walked out of the diner.
***
The afternoon was busy as usual, although today was a Wednesday so it wasn't as packed as it used to be on the weekends, but there was always something to do at the diner. You either had to serve drinks, clean tables with a cloth, ask to the clients there if anybody was alright with the food, if they needed more beverages, pass out napkins or extra sauce, so there was really never a moment where you could catch your breath.
The only time I had to sit down and chat with my co-workers, although I considered them more as friendships and not peers was at my break. I sat down on a corner of the diner where I would receive the least possible attention and I would sit down with a plate of whatever the cooks had prepared in the kitchen and talk to my friends. If they were busy then I pressed my nose against a book, ate quietly and forgot about the diner for an entire half hour.
"Hi Ana," Chandra said. She sat next to me with a burger on her plate and fries. She grabbed a ketchup container and smeared some on her fries.
"Hi. Can I have some ketchup?" I asked.
"Sure," Chandra said and after she splashed her fries I did the same with mine, although I didn't add large quantities like she did.
"So, how's your father?" She asked.
"He's a little nostalgic. He wants to work at the factory again."
"He knows he can't do it with his heart condition," Chandra said.
"He won't. Besides he's receiving his compensation payments for it, but I know he's been moping around the house lately. Brian has been checking on him lately," I said. Brian was my little brother. He had enlisted and joined in the Army when he was eighteen. Now that he was twenty-two he had been honorably discharged and was already applying for a job as a police officer. He still hadn't been confirmed as a recruit, but he was sure to get the call.
"Well, at least he's taking care of him, but what's going to happen when he gets recruited for the police academy? Are you going to quit one of your jobs?" Chandra asked.
"I don't know, but I might not have much of a choice," I said with sadness. Chandra patted on my shoulder.
"Oh, don't worry Ana, I'm sure you'll get to live your dream someday," she said. I sighed.
"I'm beginning to believe that my dream is honestly unreachable," I said a bit depressed.
"Don't say that Ana. I believe in you. I know that you can do it, but the challenge is for you to believe in your dreams," Chandra said. She chewed on her burger.
"This is so good," she said with her mouth half full. I thought about what she said and I wondered about my doubts. Was I finally accepting that I would give up my dreams and that I would accept my harsh reality? I worked hard, paid the bills and tried my best to save up some money for College, but it was nearly impossible to do so. All of my money was spent on bills and the only money I saved was from the lunches I ate here on Joe's. I ate once a day and only here which allowed me to have some savings on food expenses, but sometimes it was still not enough. Now that Brian was here I hoped that he would help me, but if he wasn't accepted as a recruit then the savings I had would be tarnished with his arrival. Maybe it was time to grow up and abandon my crazy ideas.
"It's stupid," I finally said.
"What's stupid? To go to College? Ana, that's not stupid at all. What's stupid is if you don't go," Chandra said.
"I would study a useless subject anyway. What can I do with a BA in literature?"
"Oh, I don't know, you can become an editor maybe?" Chandra said and my eyes popped wide open.
"An editor!" I exclaimed.
"Yeah. You do like to read books, right?"
"That would be such a dream. An amazing and wonderful dream," I said smiling. I could picture myself sitting on a chair, reading a fresh new manuscript with a pen in my hand and devouring them as I read, but then I quickly abandoned the idea and sighed again.
"What?" Chandra asked.
"It's ridiculous," I said.
"If you say so," Chandra answered. I didn't want to think like this, I didn't want to be negative, but to pretend that I was happy with how my life had turned out was not the answer either. I tried to eat my fried chicken and chewed a few bites off it, but I was not hungry anymore. I didn't feel like eating. I didn't want to be a quitter. I wanted to go to College and be somebody, but fate didn't seem to agree with me.
Chapter Two
Father
I didn't know why, but as I sat down in my couch I began to think about my daughter and her dream of going to College.  I stood up and went into my bedroom and walked in front of the dressing table.  I opened the top drawer where I placed all of my crap, including an old photo album of my beloved wife, God rest her soul and of my two children Brian and Anabella.  I sat on my bed and opened the album.  The first picture that I looked at was the one of my wife.  I still remember that day like if it were yesterday.  We were in the mountains with the kids and I remember that I took that picture of her without her noticing.  In the next picture her hand was placed in front of the camera because she wanted to hide her face from me, but it was difficult to hide a beautiful face like hers.  
I wasn't her only admirer, which made me jealous for years until I finally came to the realization that she was a good woman and that I was the insecure son of bitch that was ruining the entire relationship.  Before she died of cancer I begged her to forgive me.  I can still remember holding her cold hand.  I somehow knew that she was nearing death.  All of her hair had fallen out of her head, her weight had washed away and her skin was icy pale.  She was basically a bag of bones.  Tears streamed down my cheeks as I was reminded of her illness.
"Don't remember me like this," she said to me.  "Remember me beautiful, healthy, happy and with a set of long brown hair as I used to be."
"You're beautiful to me no matter how you look and right now baby, you're glowing," I said.  I remember kissing her hand, her lips and telling her to be strong.  Four hours later I had received the call.  Katherine was dead.
In this picture, however she had not yet been consumed by the illness.  She was healthy.  Her cheeks were chubby and her hair was long and strong.  She wore a blue buttoned shirt and khaki pants.  She looked sensational and in my eyes, she would always be my baby, my queen. 
 I will always remember her this way, but it was impossible for me to forget about her.  I couldn't wipe her away even if I wanted to and in her illness, I loved her more than ever because I loved her in all of her stages.  Her demeanor didn't matter to me.  I loved her with or without the hair.  She was not just my lover, but my best friend and she had accepted all of my hideousness without judgement or question.  She could never be ugly, no matter what the illness did to her.
I passed the plastic page of the album to look at the picture of my children.  In the picture, Brian was holding a stick in his hand like if it was a sword.  He always liked to pretend to be a martial artist and Anabella was next to her mother with her nose pressed on a book.  I looked at her for a moment, my baby girl and I knew that as she dived into the world of books she remained a happy child.  However, today she wasn't as happy and it killed me because I knew it was my God damn fault.  I hadn't been the father I wanted to be.  I couldn't provide for the family the way I really wanted to and to have that damn heart condition just made things worse.  
What kind of a father was I to be receiving money from my own daughter?  I was nothing, but a scumbag, a loser.  I couldn't believe that the compensation checks weren't enough after I had worked for twenty-five years in that damn factory.  I was a working man.  I wanted to work.  I was used to working, but now my doctor insisted that I had to look for another job because lifting heavy machinery was out of the question.  I didn't know what I was going to do because jobs were scarce and health benefits sucked because I wasn't fully covered.  I looked at my daughter's picture and prayed to God.  
"Please help my daughter fulfill her dreams.  I just want her to be happy.  Is that too much to ask?"  
I was an arrogant man.  That much I knew.  It was hard to receive any good advice from anybody which was maybe the reason why I ended up the way I did, but that didn't matter to me anymore.  I lived my life.  I did what I thought was right and regardless of the situation I gave it my best.  However, I felt that my daughter didn't deserve what was happening to her.  She deserved a full life, a marriage, a real home and not that one room apartment where she was living.  Many times, she came here to visit and I could see the starvation in her face, the black bags under her eyes.  I knew she was suffering even if she didn't say it, even if she didn't want to admit it and it killed me.  Every time she gave me those two hundred dollars I wished I was dead under a rock.  I always told her to put her money away, but she always insisted that I needed it more than she did.
"What about your dream Anabella?  What about your dream to go to College?" I would ask her.
"Dad, would you stop worrying about that.  I'm fine," she would say to me, but I knew that she wasn't fine at all.  She could apply for some financial aid, but the problem was that she'd still be short and wouldn't be able to make the payments with me being a load on her shoulders.  I felt bad, but there was nothing I could do about it.  My daughter wouldn't even hear about it.  Now I know from whom had she inherited such arrogance.  God help her.

Chapter Three
Anabella
I arrived home from work exhausted as usual and I placed my jacket on a hook in my door.  I closed it and just walked straight into my bedroom.  I took of my shoes and sank into my bed.  I placed my head on the pillows.  God, it was so delicious to see them there.  I cuddled in between them and enjoyed this wonderful moment of fluff until my mobile phone rang.
"Now what?" I asked myself.  I heaved and yawned, but didn't have a choice.  I had to see who it was in case it had something to do with my ailing father.  I opened my purse as the phone buzzed and rang.
"Okay, I'm going, I'm going," I said as I reached for it.  Luke Stevens.  
"Shit," I said to myself.  Luke Stevens was a co-worker from the supermarket.  I wanted a friendship, but he wanted something else.  No matter how much I tried to explain that I wasn't interested in him, he would insist in a relationship.  So, I had ended the friendship and yet somehow, he had ended up with my phone number.  I wondered who gave it to him, but for some mysterious reason I could never find the person responsible for doing it.  I don't know why I answered the phone, but I did.
"Hello," I said.
"Hi, Anabella?"
"Yes, it's me," I answered.
"How are you?" 
"Tired," I answered in a bad mood.
"Oh.  I'm sorry I called you this late.  I called you before, but you didn't pick up."
"Not that I have to explain anything to you, but I've been working all day long and I'm very tired," I said.
"Oh."
"Is there something you'd like to tell me or did you call me for nothing?" I asked losing my patience. I yawned tired as he blabbered away on the phone.
"Oh... yeah... well... I was wondering, if you don't have anything to do on Friday-"
"Luke I’m sorry, but I'm busy on Fridays.  Anything else?" I replied.  
"Oh, well... maybe... on Saturday?" He insisted.
"Luke I'm turning my phone off now, so please don't call me again.  I'm exhausted and I don't have time for boyfriends," I said and hung up.  
"The nerve!" I said furiously as I threw my mobile phone on the couch.  I couldn't really turn it off, but I hoped he wouldn't call again.  I needed to have it on in case my father called.  He had suffered a heart attack three weeks ago.  It had been terrible and I found out about it thanks to my brother Brian who lives with him.  
One day he had come home from a job interview and when he arrived he saw my father lying on the floor.  I was called several times from my brother's cell phone, but I didn't answer because I was working.  I found out much later, around three o'clock in the afternoon.  I still remember that day.  I had finished packing up the last set of groceries for a young man.  He was handsome, but unfortunately married.  Why the hell are all the good ones always married, I wondered.  Anyway, back to the story, so yes, I had packed his groceries and left the cash register.  I counted the cash transactions as usual before I left and then I placed my card on the punch clock, grabbed my purse and left.  An hour later I saw the missed call and I called my brother.
"I have like fifteen missed calls from you Brian.  What can be so important-"
"Dad had a heart attack," he interrupted.
"What?" I asked as my world crumbled into bits.
"I'm at the hospital, this is the address..." he said and gave me the address.  That day I didn't go to work, nor for several days later.  I stayed with my dad as much as I could until the nurses sent me away.  
That happened three weeks ago, so this is why I can't shut my phone off, even if I wanted to.  If something happened to my father.  I needed to know.
***
Thursday:
I went to work and home as usual.  I worked at ten o'clock in the morning at Ralph's Supermarket and I was a simple cashier.  I did the basics.  I just passed the food through the scanner, touched buttons and charged for the items.  I had to smile at clients and be nice, although some days I just wanted to take a pork chop and hit a client on the head with it, especially when they contradicted the prices that the cash register marked, but other than that, all went well.  Luke Stevens and I rarely spoke although every time he took a cart to bring or leave with the clients he always looked at me, smiled or winked snobbishly. 
Other women in the morning shift found him attractive and I wondered why he didn't look or pay attention to any of them.
"Because you're harder to get," Luke Stevens used to say after I asked him the same question.  I used to raise my eyebrow and lift the side of my upper lip in reproach.
"That's a good reason.  Because I really like you," he insisted and I just rolled my eyes.  I hated having him as my admirer.  I just wanted to be left alone.  Then I arrived home and got ready for my next job.  My belly grumbled with hunger, so when it did I took a glass of water and a spoonful of sugar.
"This will ease the hunger," I said to myself and I ate the grainy sugar, sweet on my tongue, swallowed and then I drank the water.  It always worked.  Then I put my uniform on and headed to the diner as always.  
***
Friday:
The usual except for one little detail.  Tomorrow was my birthday and although I just wanted to sit back on my couch and press my nose against a book my father insisted that I go to his house.  He said he had a "surprise for me".
"Dad you should be resting and you shouldn't be spending your money," I said.
"Well, I'm not resting on my daughter's birthday and I can spend my money on anything I want.  Is that clear?  Now I want you to come tomorrow at noon.  I'm going to prepare a special lunch and dinner for you and for your brother and there's something I want to tell you so you better be here," he said.
"Of course, I'll be there dad."
"Fine.  I'll see you tomorrow sweetie.  Goodnight honey."
"Goodnight dad."
"I love you," he said over the phone.
"I love you too," I answered and hung up the phone.

Chapter Four
Father
I was happy because Anabella was coming home for her birthday today.  I had been cleaning the house a bit since I had a thing for stashing newspapers and Anabella hated it and called me a hoarder if she saw a mess of them on my table, so I threw them out. 
To be honest, I was a bit lazy for wiping the dust out of the drawers and shelves but I wiped them because if Anabella saw the house as messy as I usually left it, she'd take a broom and a cloth and she would come here to clean and I didn't invite her here to work.  I invited her because I wanted to spend time with her and God knew she needed a break from hard labor.  However, that would all change today because I had a surprise for her that would finally make her dreams come true.  
In fact, she will have to accept my present without a choice in the matter.  It wasn't an easy thing for me to decide, but it was the only thing I could really do for her and once I made my mind on it there was no turning back.  I had her gift in a manila folder with a small Happy Birthday sticker on it.  Now she was going to College.  
Someone knocked on the door, but it was ten o'clock in the morning so I knew it wasn't Anabella and my son Brian had the key to the house so why would he knock on the door?  Maybe he left the keys here.  No, that couldn't be.  I walked to the door.  It was just my neighbor Randolph.
"Hi there Joe, what's up?" he asked me.  Randolph was a chubby man, not much different from me, but he had blue eyes and more white hairs than I did. He was ten years older than I. 
"Just hanging," I said.  He laughed.  I stepped out of the doorway and allowed him to come into the house.  Randolph closed the door and sat on the couch.
"Joe I wanted to thank you the other day for fixing my car.  I'm sorry I haven't paid you yet for it," Randolph said.
"I told you, you didn't have to pay anything Randolph.  I'm not a damn mechanic.  What you need to do is get to a mechanic before it breaks down.  It's a miracle it's still running," I said.  Randolph laughed.
"Well, every time it needs a miracle I just go to you," Randolph said.
"So, what brings you here?" I asked.
"Brian told me today was your daughter's birthday and I was wondering if you wanted me to drive you somewhere," Randolph said.  I couldn't drive a car and Randolph usually gave me lifts.  He was so used to it, he always called me over the phone before he left for work to see if I needed to go somewhere.  We were like brothers now.
"Na, I'll be celebrating here.  I told her I'd be cooking for her," I said.
"But you can't cook squat," Randolph said.
"I can cook.  I'm making hamburgers," I said.  Randolph laughed.
"Hamburgers?  Well, that's not bad.  I don't mind staying if I can have one as long as it's not poisonous," Randolph said.  I walked to the stove.
"Oh, well, laugh it up, but I make killer burgers," I said.
"Well that's why I'm concerned.  I don't want them to kill me," Randolph said.  I took out a turner and Randolph who was on the couch grabbed my remote control and turned on the T.V.
"I wonder if there's anything good on," Randolph said.
"Bah, when have you seen anything good on T.V. in the morning?"
"Cartoons?" Randolph answered with a question.
"I don't waste my time watching any of those things.  I'm too old for that," I replied.
"Well, I'm older so I'm wiser," Randolph answered and I waved at him.
"Bah, you're just senile," I answered.  Randolph flipped through the channels and suddenly I heard a loud and huge boom sound, like that of a thunderbolt or an explosion of metal or large amounts of hard material like steel or shards of cement.  I didn't know what that was.
"What on Earth was that?" I asked.   
Randolph frowned at me and then I felt a strange shaking and realized that the Earth was moving. The ground was really shaking and so were the things inside of the house.  I was terrified to see the kitchen drawers opening and the plates falling off the cabinets.  
"Joe, let's get out of here," Randolph said as the shaking went on.  Randolph opened the door and I ran out with him, but I didn't know if it was a good idea to be running out into the woods since I lived in the countryside.  So, I stood up beside a wall on the porch.
"What are you doing Joe?  Let's go," Randolph said. 
"No.  I'm staying here.  I've heard it's a bad idea to be running off into the woods," I said.  Randolph nodded in agreement I supposed and he stood next to me against the wall until the shaking stopped.  My heart pounded fast and soon I was feeling dizzy and I had to sit on a chair, but instead my knees buckled and my butt cheeks hit the floor.
"Don't worry Joe.  Listen to me.  Everything is okay.  Everything is going to be okay," Randolph said.  I really needed to hear his words because my chest was hurting and I was heaving.  I concentrated on his words as they comforted my weak heart.  I heaved and touched my chest in pain.
"Joe, listen to me, it'll be alright.  It was just a little shudder, but it's over now.  We can go to the hospital right now if you want," Randolph said. 
"I need to call my daughter.  I need to know if she's okay.  I need to call Brian," I said.
"Here, uses my cell phone," Randolph said.  He reached for his pocket and handed me the phone.  I dialed Anabella's number first.  I couldn't get a hold of her.  There was a busy sign.
"Oh, my God, what if something happened to her?  What if something happened to my baby?" I asked panicked.
"Joe nothing happened.  Maybe she just can't take it right now.  I'm sure she's fine," Randolph said.  
"I need to call my son," I said and dialed Brian's number, but his too was busy.
"My children Randolph.  My children!"
"Maybe the phones aren't working, but I'm sure they're fine," Randolph said.  I tried to get up, but I was still shaking all over wondering if they were okay.
"What the hell was that Joe?"
"I don't know, but it sounded like an explosion or something.  Lord have mercy on my children, please," I begged.
"Joe, they're alright.  They know how to take care of themselves, now come on.  Let's go see what the hell was that," Randolph said.  I hoped my kids were okay and I was going to call them later on, but to be honest I was just as curious as my friend and neighbor here and I wanted to see what had caused the Earth to shake.

Chapter Five
Father
Randolph drove a square shaped car, a Kia which he used to say was a piece of shit, but I always told him that many wished to have a piece of shit like his, but he wouldn't listen to me.  Today it didn't prove to be what he always stated.  Although the car's blue washed out color and lack of air conditioner moved swiftly through the roads.  At first, he drove fast, but then he hit the brakes when he saw a huge hole in the middle of the road.
"Oh, my God," I blurted out.
"It must have been the earthquake," Randolph said.  He reversed the car and parked it in a corner.
"Let's just leave it here and see what happened," he said.  I nodded in agreement and as we walked into the forest we could see the massive dark smoke over the trees.
"It must have been some sort of a crash.  Maybe an airplane," Randolph said.
"It must have been a big airplane to make the ground shake like it did," I said.  Randolph nodded as we paced along the deep forest.  My boots sank on the muddy ground.  It had been drizzling these last couple of days here, so the leaves were still humid and wet.  They smelled of freshness and pure grass, but beyond the logs and leaves I could see a strange opening of the forest.  We walked about three miles.  From time to time I had one of those logs and Randolph would stop and look at me with worry.
"You know Joe, you can stay here."
"The hell with that.  I wanna see what that was," I would say and take in the chunks of deep breath.  Randolph nodded knowing that I was a stubborn man.  I wouldn't stop for nothing if I didn’t' want to, even if the trip meant my sudden death, which I hope it didn't.  After those breaks I would take my hands off the trees and continue on with the walk until we reached the strange opening.  Logs and branches were scattered all over the opening and a huge dark stone shaped object with a dark point at the top was buried deep in the ground.  I didn't know if it was stone or not, it looked like metal made, but I was unsure.  There was smoke all over the tops of the trees, but there was no heat coming off the object.
"What the hell is that?" Randolph asked.  I approached the enormous stone, but I was beginning to realize that it wasn't really a stone.  It seemed concrete like, made of metal, but at the same time I wasn't sure if it was made of steel or what.  It was nothing I had ever seen before.  The metal thing or whatever the heck it was had some strange markings of lines and symbols I couldn't understand.  I extended my hand and reached out for it.
"Joe, don't touch it," Randolph said, but it was too late.  I had touched it.
"Wow," I said.
"What?  What is it?" Randolph asked.
"I don't know, but it's not hot.  It's cold actually.  Why isn't it hot if it just crashed?" I asked.
"Joe I don't like this, let's get the hell out of here.  I think we should call the police or something," Randolph said.
"Don't be such a scary cat," I said and touched it again, but Randolph hardly moved.
"What do you think it is, some meteor or something?" Randolph asked.  I shook my head.
"No.  This isn't a meteor Randolph.  I think it's a spaceship," I said.  It was the only logical explanation for it.
"Oh, hell no, shut up Joe.  How can you say something like that?  Do you know how stupid you sound?"
"Then what is it?" I asked him.  Randolph paced to get near to the object, but he hesitated when he extended his hand and decided not to touch it.
"Joe, come on, let's get out of here," Randolph insisted.  I stepped back from the large black metal object and walked towards Randolph, but he didn't move an inch.  Instead he stayed there watching it with wide eyes and a jaw dropped, but this lasted only for a while and after a minute or so he turned around and pulled my arm.  I didn't want to leave, but I turned around thinking that maybe Randolph was right and that maybe it was a stupid idea to stay here alone.  Who knew what this thing was.  For all we knew it was something made by the government or something dangerous.  Some things were just better to be left alone I thought.  We were about to leave when we heard a sound, like that of tire going empty.
Psssssst
Naturally, we turned around.  I didn't only feel the shivers, but the curiosity was much bigger than my nerves and so glanced at the enormous object and noticed that a smooth, dark panel slid up and a bright blue light shone from the gap it created.  I had to squint because the light was bright, but it wasn't enough so I covered my eyes.  Randolph suddenly squealed and ran away from the place leaving me behind.
"Randolph!" I cried out loud, but I tilted.  I had to see what came out of that weird object.  The blue light faded slowly and as it did I took my hands out of my forehead and I squinted less and less until the blue light was completely gone and now the opening was dark as rotten teeth.  I didn't know what to do.  Should I just go walk into the hole to see what or who was inside, stay put or run the hell away from there.  I was unsure.  Then I saw very thin, metal grey fingers clutch the sides of the hole with a loud bang noise and then a metallic grey face appeared with blue lights as eyes and slot for mouth.  I turned around and tried to run away, but I tripped on a damn log.   I scampered upwards to see a machine in front of me.  It had limbs like a man, it was even dressed with a white robe.  There was something about him that seemed friendly.  His face was childlike and innocent.  He walked towards me.  I covered my face with my arm, my elbow raised at him and I screamed.  The robot screamed back.

Chapter Six
Anabella
I placed the hanger with a dress in front of me and looked at myself in the mirror. I didn't know if it was the exhaustion on my face or if I really just felt unattractive today, but I didn't want to wear that dress so I placed another one in front of me and did the same with a red one I really liked, but no. I wouldn't wear that dress for my birthday today.
The truth was I didn't know what to wear. Should I wear a dress with a V line? Should I wear a black, blue or red dress, they were the only ones I had or should I wear the only skirt I owned? Should I dress in casual jeans and a buttoned blouse? Exhausting.
I was unsure and insecure about what to wear and what not to wear, but then what woman isn't in these occasions. I was thinking of inviting Chandra, my co-worker to come with me, but she was probably too busy I thought. I decided to go casual, since it was just my dad and my brother and we were just going to spend the evening at his house. As that thought came into mind my cell phone rung. Half-naked I ran to the coffee table on my living room where I had left it and picked it up without reading the caller ID. I should have done so. It was annoyingly, Luke Stevens.
"Hi beautiful," he said. I frowned angry, looked at the phone for a split second and then I hung it up. My mobile phone rung again, but I ignored it and headed for the shower. As my cell phone just continued to ring on without stop, I rinsed my hair, bathed and dried myself with a towel. I couldn't believe that he was calling me non-stop. I wrapped a towel around myself, headed again for my cell phone and switched it off. Silence for me was bliss.
I dried myself and decided to go with jeans, but with a nice blouse and some flats. My hair was long, so I had to spend quite a while with the blow drier. This was the moment when I felt that I hated my long brown hair with blonde, natural highlights and wished that I was bald. However, once I was done with the blow drier I felt like a new woman and my attitude towards my hair instantly changed.
I got dressed, I wore my makeup and then I looked at myself in the mirror. I thought I looked pretty descent. I couldn't ignore the fact that I was beautiful and that my good looks had always made things easy for me, always until now. Still, I was different from other girls who wished that a boy would glance at them twice, for me a one-time glance was enough and the attention I lured among the opposite sex was uncomfortable to me and never truly welcome.
The problem with being beautiful is that you don't know if people and particularly men truly like you for who you are or if they like you because of your appearance. The thought can be quite agonizing and the stress levels very high. It also creates a trust issue with those who are from the opposite sex.
Take Luke Stevens for example. I didn't know if he really liked me. He hardly knew me at all and every moment we shared was based on trivialities which led me to conclude that he was only after my body and not after my love.
Sometimes I felt lonely. Sometimes I just wanted to throw myself in the arms of a man, of any man, but then there were times when my head sunk in and reflected upon that thought. Did I really want to launch myself in the hands of any man? Any man who didn't love me would hurt me, humiliate me or use me and if he did love me, but I did not in return then I would end up hurting that man. I didn't need to launch myself into the hands of a man. I needed to work for my dreams, and become the best person that I could be. Maybe then the man of my dreams would come to me one day and he would no longer be a dream.
***
Father:
I peered in the eyes of the strange being in front of me. Apparently, he was a robot. I stood up to take a run for it, but I realized that the robot wasn't even following me so I stopped. He, or I assumed it was a he, glanced at me and moved his head to the side like a little puppy.
"Hello," I said to it. He didn't move or talk. He simply looked at me and although I was in a shiver I slowly paced towards him and stopped briefly. The robot walked towards a shrub of red roses and he caressed the petals of one particular rose with his finger.
"Rose," I said. He looked at me and repeated the word.
"Rose," he said and then he got closer to the rose and just looked at it. I supposed if he was some sort of an alien he had probably never even seen a rose or know what it was, but it was curious to me that he ignored me since I too must be a being he's never seen or at least I'm assuming that I'm a being he's never seen before. I certainly had never seen anything like him before. His white robe ruffled against the wind and the smoke in the sky had dissipated.
"Rose," he repeated again and then he grabbed it and pulled it and the petals of the rose fell on the muddy ground.
"Oh, you have to be careful because if you do that it breaks," I explained. He looked at me, but in a very brief manner and then he watched another rose, but this time he touched it's stem and passed his metallic fingers on its stem.
"Be careful, the thorns can cut you," I said. I approached him slowly.
"Cut," he repeated and I nodded.
"Yes, cut," I said. Then the robot pulled the stem of the rose and he held it in his hand.
"Rose," he said.
"Yes. It's beautiful, isn't it?" I asked him.
"Beautiful," he repeated.
"Yes," I said and nodded. Then he stared at me and walked towards me with his mechanical legs. They had a hard sound on the ground, that of metal and materials. As he approached I felt nervous now and even more when he invaded my personal space.
"Rose," he said almost shoving it into my face. I nodded nervously. Then he grabbed my head and squeezed. I screamed terrified, but I could hardly move. Soon, I blacked out.
Chapter Seven
Father
I woke up to find my arms and legs bonded in a bed.  I saw a strange room with panels on the walls and the light was very bright.  I felt cold in there and very alone.  I struggled to break free from my binds, but I could barely wriggle myself out of them.  They were tight, very strong, yet weightless like a rubber band, but uncomfortable.  I heard a clicking and shuffling of metal from a few feet away from me.  Then a door slid open with a swish sound and in came the robot that I had seen before.  His white robe was still on him and it shuffled as he moved. He paced here and there in the room with a device that looked like a Candy Cane, but it was wider and silver colored.  I was unsure of what he was doing.  He seemed to scan the room with   
"Hello," I said.  The robot spun around and walked towards me.  I shivered without knowing what to expect from it.  
"Hello.  Is your name Joseph Antonio Torres Salvador?" The robot asked me.  I was surprised.
"Yes, how did you?"
"I found this piece of plastic with a photo of you and this name beside it.  I am sorry for the cables in your cerebral cortex, but I have been studying your language," he said.
"What?" I asked astounded.
"Your language is amazing.  You have only twenty-six letters in the alphabet yet you have managed to create a series of two hundred and twenty-eight thousand, one hundred and thirty-two words within the combination of those letters, although you only know forty-five thousand of those words," the robot said.
"What?" I asked confused. 
"We are analyzing your world Joseph Antonio Torres Salvador."
"Just call me Joe," I said.
"Just call me Joe?"
"Joe, just Joe," I repeated.
"Oh.  Very well," the robot said and then he paced through the room again.  I tried to shake my hands, but I barely could.
"Um, do you think you can untie me now?" I asked.  The robot tilted his head towards me.  
"I apologize Joe, but I cannot do that until my master commands me otherwise," he said.
"Your master?  You have a master?" I asked.  He nodded.
"Yes, I do," he answered.  So, he was a slave of somebody else or of something else.  I was honestly terrified at the idea, but I had to speak to the person, alien being in charge.  I needed to get out of this ship and go back to my house.  I would do anything to go back.
"Can I speak to your master?" I asked.  Then the robot rushed over to me and shushed me placing his finger on his mouth which was nothing but a small, thin slot which was where his mouth should be if he were a living being.
"I do not recommend that Joe.  If you are unheard he may release you," the robot said.
"What?  What do you mean he may?" I asked, but the robot didn't answer.
"My name is Rox.  If you need any assistance please let me know," he said.
"What?  Wait a minute... Rox," I said, but the robot turned around and the door opened automatically sliding upwards and making that swish noise again.  
"Rox, Rox!" I yelled, but he ignored me and left.  I didn't know what to do.  Was it normal to sweat in such a cold place?  I didn't know what the temperature in here was, but instead of feeling the chill, I felt the heat waves of my nerves and my heart rate going fast.  I prayed to God because I didn't want to have another heart attack.  The door slid open again and it was Rox.  I didn't know if I was relieved by his presence or disturbed.  Maybe he had spoken to his master and had decided to let me go.
"I am detecting rapid pulses and heart beats, is this a normal condition?" He asked me.
"What?"
"Why must I repeat myself constantly?   Am I using complex words or are my combinations of them mistaken?" 
"No.  I'm just nervous and scared.  I want to go home," I admitted.
"You must know that returning to your home may not be a possibility," Rox said.
"What?  Please, I want to go home.  I have to go home," I said panicked.  My chest began to hurt as my heart beat increased.
"Ahh," I yelped in pain.
"Why are you?  Oh, your heart beat has accelerated.  I have not been able to finish my scan on your body.  I do not understand.
"My chest..." I said in huge gulps, "it hurts..."  Rox walked towards me, showing his tiny eyes made of light and then he placed his metallic hand on my head.
"Please let me go.  I have a daughter, a son.  I'm begging you," I pleaded.
"That decision is not up to me," Rox said with his same unemotional tone.  Then he fidgeted with something in my head and I remembered that he had said that I had needles all over my head.
"What are you doing to me?" I asked.
"I am inducing you to unconsciousness," he said.  I was about to protest, but in that moment, everything went black.

Chapter Eight

Anabella
I switched my cell phone back on and checked on my missed calls.  I had seventeen missed calls from Luke Stevens and one from my brother Brian.  Obviously the seventeen missed calls were ignored and I dialed on my brother's name instead.   The phone rang several seconds and then I heard his deep   over the phone.
"Anabella, why didn't you pick up?" He said.  That was typical of him.  Brian was extremely impatient.
"Brian my phone was off," I replied.
"What if something happened to dad?" He asked.  I panicked.
"What?  Did something happen to dad?" I asked with a beating heart that rushed its pace like a racer.
"No, but something could have happened.  Why are you so careless?  Don't you give a shit about dad?" He accused me.
"You know that's not true.  Brian, just tell me why you called," I said losing my breath and my patience.  
"Why else would I call?  I'm outside your apartment," he said.  I walked towards the window to check.  I moved the printed blue flowered curtain to take a peek and as I did I heard the honking of his car.
"See?" He told me.  
"Okay, I'm coming," I replied.  I grabbed my purse and walked out of my apartment.
***
Brian had a blue Toyota which I really loved.  I opened the door of the car, entered and put my seatbelt on.
"Took you long.  I've been waiting for fifteen minutes," he said as he drove off and left the miraculous parking space in front of my nutmeg, bricked old building apartment.
"You can't be serious," I said and he frowned.
"Well, I am," he replied as he drove off.  I hardly glanced at the city of Chicago anymore.  I was always so busy working day and night that I hardly had any time to take a glance at all, but there it was the, busses, the shops, the bakery, the hardware store, restaurants, sporadic trees with branches for shading the sidewalks, people walking in and out of places, on the sideways and cars parked here and there.  
Brian stopped at a red light.  I glanced at him and he frowned back at me.
"By the way what day is it today?  November..." he said in a playful tone.
"November four," I answered.
"Oh, right... happy birthday," he said with his chocolate eyes glancing at the street and I rolled my eyes.  He was a very diligent driver who wore his seatbelt on, checked his car for any creaking or twinkling sound and he used both hands on the steering wheel.
"Thank you.  I thought you forgot about it."
"How can I forget when dad does nothing but talk to me about it all week," Brian said.
"He talked about my birthday all week?" I asked.  Brian changed stepped on the gas slowly when the red light turned green.
"Yeah, he's been talking about it all week.  First, he was moping around the house, depressed because he didn't know what to give you and then a few days later he was ecstatic about it.  He says his present will change your life."
"What?  Oh my God, what did he do?" I wondered out loud.
"I don't know," Brian answered.
"I told him not to spend any money.  I hope he didn't buy me a couch or something.  The last time he came to my apartment he was complaining that mine was too small," I said.
"I hope he doesn't give you the one that's home," Brian protested.  I tapped him on his shoulder and laughed.
"You really are a jerk," I said.
"Yeah, but I'm a jerk who likes comfort.  I don't like my shit being moved around," he said.
"Don't you mean dad's shit?" I asked, but the minute I said that I regretted.  I could see the pain in his eyes, although he tried to brush it off quickly.  He punched the button on the radio and turned up the volume.  A DJ was talking about some situation that happened a couple of days ago with some musician, but I didn't know who he was talking about and right now I could really care less.
"Brian, I'm sorry," I said, but he waved me off.
"Na, that's alright.  Don't worry about it.  Today's your birthday, just chill," he said.
"Brian... please," I mumbled and grabbed his shoulder, but he shoved me off.
"I said don't worry about it, just leave it alone," he replied.  I tried to be calm, but I felt remorse for what I had said.  It was not my intention to insult him.  I knew he had just come out of the Navy and was trying real hard to get a job as a cop.  In fact him being at my dad's was a real blessing because with his heart condition.  Now Brian wouldn't leave him alone and help him when I couldn't.
"I think it's excellent that your living in dad's house," I said.
"I told you to drop it," Brian reprimanded.
"No... seriously, dad needs you, I need you.  If it weren't for you dad would have been dead," I said.  Brian didn't look at me and he kept his eyes on the road.  Then after the silence felt awkward he answered.
"Okay," he said.  I didn't think he felt all that better in that moment and neither did I, but I knew that on our way to Forest Avenue East Peoria, he'd cheer up.  The ride from here to there was an hour and a half so there would eventually be some chit chatting later on.  I knew that he would forgive me and if not I would request it since it was my birthday today and for one day, this day, I was a queen.  He took route 66 to go to the Center of Illinois.  I was leaving the city and heading for the country.
  I crossed my arms as the loudspeakers almost blew my ears away. We were listening to some hard rock, since Brian seemed to have a devotion for crazy heavy metal and it was driving me nuts. I was about to touch the button to change the radio station when luckily "Livin' on a Prayer" was the next song and I had to admit that I loved this classic rock song. On a red light, Brian and I looked at each other awkwardly and then all of a sudden, like two seconds later, my brother was nodding his head and singing at the tune and I followed. We laughed as we sang and I knew that the tension between us was gone.  
Chapter Nine
Anabella
The rest of our trip went well.  Brian allowed me to change the stations and I was thrilled to listen to some fine hip music.  I loved Marc Anthony since he reminded me of where my father was really from.  His ballad, "I want to make it with you", just melted my heart away and I could hardly sing it out loud.  I could only dream.  My brother however, made trivial jokes at me for it, but I could see him blush a bit like an idiot.  The song was just nice, warm, romantic and nostalgic.  It just placed me for a few minutes in a dreamlike state and then it was over. 
After an hour and a half of travelling, watching street lights, businesses and trees we had arrived at East Peoria, but we were shocked when we saw a huge crack in the middle of the street.  My brother hit the brakes with haste and my upper body basically wobbled headlong and I was lucky I didn't hit myself on the window thanks to my seatbelt.
"Are you okay?" Brian asked.
"Yeah," I mumbled.
"What on Earth happened here?" Brian asked.
"I don't know," I replied and shook my head.  Brian reversed the car and had to drive around the crack, meaning that he had to drive on the edge of a sidewalk and touch grass with his tires.  As we passed by and left the enormous crack on the street behind I noticed some people outside on their porches pointing at the sky.  I looked at Brian, but he didn't look at me.  Then I peered out from the front window to see why others were pointing towards the sky.  There was a huge white line that crossed it and a few miles over the Peoria Park, in the forest area there were traces of white smoke.
"Something must have happened," I mumbled out loud.
"What do you mean?" Brian asked.
"Brian, look," I said and pointed.  Brian didn't want to, but he obeyed and glanced up to see what I meant.  He stopped the car to take a good look at the smoke.
"What the hell is going on?" He asked, but he was asking the wrong person.  Dad's house was a few blocks away from where we were.  Brian was sure that he would have an amazing story to tell so he parked the car over on his parking spot, which was basically on the sidewalk in front of the house and then we got out.  
"That's strange.  The door is wide open," Brian mumbled under his breath.  We opened the gate and passed the chain linked fence to enter his gray, wooden house with an A shaped roof on it and on his small porch where he had all of his tools and junk stashed.
When we entered the house; things were splattered all over the floor, dishes, pots and pans and other belongings like his various books and picture frames.  A manila folder was nicely placed on the table.
"Somebody broke in here," I mumbled.  Brian darted to the other rooms leaving me there.  I walked towards the objects that were in the floor and started to pick them up.  Brian came back with his cell phone on his hand and a handgun in another.
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"Don't touch anything!" He barked.  I placed the book on the table next to the Manila folder.  Then I pressed my hands to my mouth and gasped.  
"What?  If the gun bothers you that much, I'll put it away," he said and he tucked it in his pants.  I shook my head.
"No.  Look," I said pointing at the manila folder.
"What?" Brian asked.
"What if dad was kidnapped and that's his ransom note," I suggested.
"Ransom?  Who's going to kidnap dad?  He's broke," Brian said annoyed.
"Oh my God, it can't be... a suicide note?" I mumbled to myself.  Brian walked towards the table and grabbed the folder. He was about to open it when dad's friend appeared on our door.
"Brian!  Brian oh my God, thank God you’re okay," he mumbled as he sprinted towards my brother.  He hugged him.
"Randolph, you're sweating all over, what's going on?" Brian asked him.
"Brian you have to help me.  It's your dad.  Your dad was abducted," Randolph said.
"Abducted?"
"By aliens.  Well, not by aliens.  Apparently, they are robots," Randolph explained.  He could barely breathe since he seemed exhausted and out of breath.  He took out a tissue cloth and pressed it on his forehead and wiped away his sweat with it.
"What the hell are you talking about Randolph?"
"I'm telling you, your dad has been abducted by robots.  We saw one.  He was wearing a white robe," Randolph said.  Brian dialed on his cell phone.
"Oh, I already called the police and tried to explain, but they laughed at me and hung up.  They didn't believe me," Randolph explained.
"I'm not calling the police.  I'm calling my father," Brian said.
"That's an excellent idea," I said trying to contribute, but I really didn't know what to say and honestly, I wondered if Randolph was one of those retired veterans who had nightmares and believed in every single one of them.  My heart went out to him.
"Damn it, there's no signal," Brian said.
"I've tried calling your dad several times, but the robots must have disabled his phone."
"Randolph stop with this robot crap and tell me where he is, this isn't funny to me."
"Or to me," I stated.  Randolph grabbed my arms and I yelped.
"What are you doing, let her go," Brian ordered, but Randolph wouldn't let me go.
"Anabella please believe me.  I'm your father's buddy.  I'm telling you the truth."
"I said get your hands off her," Brian repeated and Randolph obeyed.  His chubby hands were sweaty and he had passed it on to my arms.  
"Brian I know where he is and we need to help him now before that ship leaves to, lord knows where, to another planet or dimension.  We have to help him before it's too late."
"You know where to find him?" Brian asked.
"Yes, but it's very dangerous.  They can kill us.  They're stronger than us," Randolph begged.
"Not when I have this," Brian said lifting his shirt.  He was showing his handgun.
"Are you kidding?  That gun won't do squat to that robot.  He probably feeds off bullets for all we know."
"Take me to him Randolph."
"Brian, it'll kill you, we need back up," Randolph said.
"I'm a trained killer.  Now tell me what I want to know," Brian warned him with a sharp glance.  Randolph nodded.
"Okay... okay...okay.... let's go then," Randolph stammered.
"I'm going too," I said.
"No you're not.  You're staying right here," Brian said, but I insisted.
"No Ana.  Stay here in case he shows up and this is all just a practical joke for us on your birthday and if it is I'm going to kill him," Brian muttered.  I rolled my eyes at him.
"If it's a practical joke maybe I should go," I complained.
"No, it's not a joke," Randolph emphasized and Brian thought about it and then he nodded.
"Why not?  Sure, let's go," Brian agreed, but Randolph shook his head in disagreement. 
"No, it's not a joke," he insisted, but Brian and I knew better.
"I have to tell you Randolph you are one hell of an actor," Brian said, but Randolph wouldn't stop.
"I said she's coming and that's the end of it," Brian ordered and Randolph surrendered to his orders.  I grabbed the manila folder.
"Oh and by the way sis, happy birthday," he said and we all walked out of my father's house.

Chapter Ten
Randolph drove a blue worn Kia.  His car was square shaped and small.  I sat on the back seat and Brian sat himself on the passenger's seat next to Randolph.  I put my seatbelt on and noticed Randolph's eyes on me, but his expression seemed fearful.
"Happy birthday," he said.
"Thanks," I mumbled back.  There was an awkward moment of silence between us and then after he turned the ignition on he spoke to me again.
"For what it's worth Anabella, I'm sorry..." Randolph murmured at me.  I frowned confused, but Brian interrupted us before we could exchange any more phrases between us.
"Oh, that's enough Ralph.  Just take us to where dad is so that we can finish with this charade already.  He said he was going to cook some lunch and I'm hungry," Brian said annoyed.  I shook my head.  Oh, Brian, I thought to myself, but I decided to keep quiet.  Again as we drove down the street we found ourselves with that huge crack again.
"This is what happened after the alien ship crashed.  Their ship hit so hard on us that it left a crack after the earthquake," Ralph said as he drove the car through the grass and sidewalk to avoid the enormous hole.
"There was an earthquake?" I asked.
"Yep.  It must have been right after it crashed.  Look at the smoke, it's over there, although it's not that visible anymore," Randolph said pointing with his chubby finger at the sky.  He was right, the smoke was dissipating.  When we had arrived, we could see it more clearly, but it now seemed to disappear with every white cloud that passed it by.
"Amazing," I said.
"Oh, you're not buying this, are you?" Brian said.  I shook my head.
"No. Of course not.  I know it's silly.  I'm just surprised with the smoke, it's turning white and thin like mist," I said.
"We could have been mistaken," Brian suggested.
"Brian, you have to admit that it is strange.  When we arrived we saw smoke coming from the forest," I said.
"We could have been mistaken," Brian said.
"I know what I saw," I responded.  My brother turned around as much as his seatbelt could allow him and Randolph continued to drive on.
"Are you seriously believing this alien story?" Brian asked.  I laughed.
"Of course not Brian.  Don't be ridiculous.  I'm just saying that the smoke is strange," I replied.  Brian turned around.  I could glimpse his eyes through the rearview mirror, he glared at Randolph.  Randolph drove on and looked at me nervously.  Then he stopped the car in a corner.
"This is it," Randolph said.  My brother opened the door and I took off my seatbelt.  Randolph was still looking at me with his nervous blue eyes, but there was nothing else that we could say to each other.  I knew that he wasn't well, but I didn't want to be rude so I opened the door and walked next to my brother.  Randolph got up and joined us.  
"Maybe after you see this, you'll believe me which is a good thing.  The more witnesses to this, the easier it's going to be.  If you don't mind I'm going to take a picture of this thing.  I didn't do it last time because after the alien robot appeared I freaked out.  I shouldn't have left your father alone..."
"Shut up Ralph, it's enough.  Now take us to dad and stop it.  You're freaking Anabella out," Brian said.  Randolph looked at me with sorrow and then he turned around.  We followed my father's friend.  I felt cold and crossed my arms, but Brian thought that I was nervous and he placed his arm around my shoulder.  
"Don't worry Ana, he's just trying to freak you out," he said.  I looked at Randolph, but he didn't turn.  He headed on into the deep forest and so did we.
***
Father: 
I woke up, but this time I was no longer strained to the strange bed.  I verified my wrists and they were red with markings, but I could hardly see my skin right because the room was lightly lit with a strange purple light.  I touched my head in hopes that my head was still there and luckily I could feel my soft brown hair on the top of my head.  Whatever needles were on me were finally gone, but I still felt the irresistible sensation of fear.  I stood up very quickly.  I wanted to leave this place as soon as possible and for me soon was right now, but there were no windows or doors that I could see.  I touched the paneled walls and jerked back when strange purple lights turned on.  The lights were all over the wall.
"What in God's name?" I asked to myself.  Unknown symbols appeared before me. I heard many clicks from a deep voice and wondered if that was their language.  Honestly I didn't know and the more I heard the dialogue, the more scared I was and the more I felt that urgent necessity to leave this place.  I didn't know what to do, so I walked towards another dark part of the paneled room.  I figured maybe I could leave this place if there was a button or something that could open the door.  I had seen the robot man come in and out of the room.  I just hadn't seen how he had entered or left, so it was up to me to guess and find out.  I ran and placed my hand on the wall, but more purple lights appeared in front of me with unknown symbols and a dialogue that I did not understand.  It sounded something like sha, lapasha, and then other sounds that were very unfamiliar like pistcha or latschi with different beats and rhythms.  What the hell did I get myself involved in?  
I went to the other panelled wall, but got the same reaction and then after a minute of this I couldn't take this anymore.  I was going mad and I started to scream and bang on the walls.
"Ah!  Somebody help me!  Help me!  I'm trapped, somebody!"  Then a door slip open upwards and the robot man appeared.
"Shush.  Please be quiet.  The master is working," Rox said casually placing his index finger on his mouth.
"I can't take this anymore.  Rox, please I have daughter outside.  I have a son.  You have to get me out of here.  Let me talk to your master," I begged.  Rox approached me and I jerked back.
"Are you afraid of me?" Rox asked looking into my face.  I didn't answer, so he pulled back and then continued talk to me with his casual, mechanical voice.
"Well, it is not I that you should fear and I do not suggest you go talk to the master and please do not touch our Parsha.  You will not understand it," he said.
"Please.  I'm begging you," I said hoping that I would convince his master.  
"Why do you wish to speak with my master?" Rox asked.
"I just want him to let me go," I answered.
"But I have already told you that is not the master's intention."
"Because he hasn't spoken to me," I said.  Rox moved his head from side to side and then he looked at me with his eyes made of lights.
"What is the difference if you speak to him or not?  He has already decided for you to stay."
"Please.  Just give me a chance to talk to him.  Don't I deserve a chance?" I asked him.  Rox seemed to be contemplating about my question, but it was taking him a very long time to answer and I was getting desperate.
"Rox?" I asked.  Beads of sweat ran down my head and cheeks.  I was nervous.
"I do not know the answer to your question.  Therefore, I will take you to the master upon your insistence, but before I do you must make me a promise," Rox asked.
"Sure, anything," I said.
"Do not attempt to challenge my master.  His physical condition is twenty times stronger than yours.  He will eliminate you if you do so and I do not wish to see you crushed.  You are a very interesting subject," Rox said.  I swallowed hard and I thought to myself what any other man would have thought about in this moment. Brian and Anabella... whatever happens to me I want you to know that I will always love you, always and forever.        



Chapter Eleven
Father:
I followed Rox through the aperture and as I did I noticed that the strange purple lights surrounded most of the ship.  I saw images in them of planets, stars, meteor showers and soon enough plants and strange creatures I had never seen before, but I passed by the images so quickly that I could only have a glimpse of what the walls of this strange ship presented.
"I am sorry.  We are experiencing technical difficulties due to the crash," Rox said.
"What did happen anyway?" I wondered with authentic curiosity.  I didn't understand how could such an advanced species as yourself could crash?" I asked him.  
"I did not provoke the crash for I am not the Captain of this ship," Rox said.
"Oh.  So it was your master then?" I asked.  Rox suddenly turned around and I stopped instantly.  My nose almost crashed on the middle of his non-nasal face.
"Do not blame my master for anything that has happened.  Is that clear?" He said.  I nodded quickly.
"Sure.  I wasn't blaming him.  I swear," I said.
"Joe, do you treasure your life?" Rox said and I nodded again afraid and confused.
"Then please... do not say anything against the master," he said and turned around.  His robe ruffled with his movements like a long cape.
"I didn't mean to-"
"Your intentions will not matter to him.  Only your actions.  You must be very careful when you are to speak to him," he said to me.  We walked a long corridor of with paneled walls and then an area where I could see rocks as walls and the floor was all a purple mist as we continued to walk along the space craft.  Voices of other beings spoke languages I couldn't understand.
"What are they saying?" I asked Rox as my heart began to beat faster.  Rox stopped again.
"I am detecting strange heartbeats from you again.  I will give you something to calm down your heartbeat," he said.  He placed his index finger up and something out of the tip of his finger popped up.  It was two inches long, metallic and it was in the shape of a square.  It looked like an eraser on a pencil.
"What's that?" I asked.
"Shmla," he said.  I frowned.
"What?" I asked. 
"It is to calm your heartbeat.  I will induce this chemical on your chest and you will immediately receive the relief you need.  Please open the buttons of your shirt," Rox ordered and I obeyed.  He pressed his cold, metallic finger on my chest and I felt a pinch like when one goes to get a shot at the hospital.  It was quick and painless.  I noticed however that the two-inched squared tip was gone.  
"You will be relaxed within the next twenty-five seconds," Rox said and he turned around.  As instantly as I opened my mouth I felt the rapid heartbeats slow down.
"Damn that was fast," I blurted out unintentionally.
"What is damn?" Rox tilted and asked.
"Oh, nothing.  It's a bad word.  You shouldn't use it," I said shaking my head.
"Well for the Sha' it is considered quite a slow way of healing and they grow weary and tired of it, but it is the Shmla is the only thing that is available for relaxation," Rox said.
"I wish Tylenol worked in twenty-five seconds," I remarked.
"What is Tylenol?" Rox asked.
"Tylenol is a medicine for fevers and for coughing... and for... colds," I said.
"Oh.  That is interesting to know.  I have always had a passion for medicine," Rox said.
"You're a doctor?" I asked.  Rox stopped up to a certain point where there was a dead end.  He looked at me with his bright blue lights that were his eyes.
"I am many things.  Joe my master is in his Mshli or his quiet room.  I will enter and you will follow.  You will not speak until spoken to.  Once I have announced you, you will bow and then kneel in front of the master with your head bowed.  You are not to stare up to the master unless he tells you to.  Your hands must always be visible and you cannot move or leave until you are ordered to," Rox said.  My hands already trembled and I was wondering if the Shamla or whatever he called it was working on me anymore because I felt my heart beats drum again.
"You must breathe very slowly Joe.  It is now the only thing that can calm your heart.  Please do so.  You are a very interesting subject and I do not wish to see you die," he said.  I swallowed hard.  Then Rox turned around and the wall suddenly lifted and I was walking behind Rox.  I was totally afraid of this master he kept on talking about and my arms and legs just couldn't stop their trembling.  Suddenly Rox stopped and gestured for me to stop too.  I wanted to see who his master was because the curiosity was overwhelming, but then also the fear was so intense, the beads of sweat on my back unfolding, that at the same time I didn't want to see him.  Rox spoke in that strange language that I had heard before on the images of the walls and then I heard the master's voice.  It was deep, husky and very cold.  I did not like it and I wanted to flee from that place, but I didn't have a choice and when I heard Rox say my name I knelt and bowed down to whoever the hell the master was as fast as I could.  My eyes were down and I tried to keep my hands visible like Rox had instructed.  I didn't dare to say a single word and waited to be talked to.  The seconds went by as the awkward silence was all over the place.  The purple mist was not in this room.  It had a dark, stone like floor instead and I trembled when I felt a dark cape brush my foot.  I saw part of his dark clothes, like that of a long shroud maybe walking around in circles.  I breathed slowly as Rox had said and after the strange silence Rox interrupted it.
"Joe is not-"
"You mean the human?" He asked interrupting Rox immediately with rage.  I swallowed hard and felt that I wanted to defend him, but I didn't know if it was a good idea to do so.  Instead I kept quiet.
"Yes Master-"
"You will call me by my real title and not use this profane language that we speak of the humans!" He interrupted again and I could have sworn that he had roared.  I wanted to see him, but I was feeling more fear as the seconds just passed by.
"Bhashata Brok," Rox answered, but he seemed either unaware of his master's mood or unmoved by it.  I in the other hand was terrified, but then again he was something and I didn't know what the hell he was.  
"Human, why have you interrupted my Lipstishia?" He asked.  I was about to meet eye contact with him, when Rox interrupted and urged me not to.
"He has only asked a question, not requested to be looked upon," Rox said.
"Be quiet!" His master said.  I immediately faced the floor again and thanked Rox in my mind for saving my ass.
"Humans seem much inferior than what we thought.  This one bores me," the master said.
"I want to leave your ship," I answered with a grain of courage.  I didn't like to see myself as inferior to anybody else.  
"How dare you have the audacity to express your desires.  This is my ship, my crew and my rule.  Your desires are irrelevant to me," the master said.  
"I don't belong here," I replied.  I wanted to look at him so badly, just to see who the hell he was.  I was scared, but tired of looking down.  If I was going to die now at least I wanted to see what the hell this was and I figured I was going to die like a man and not like a coward.  Brian I love you.  Anabella I might die here honey, but your dreams will come true.  I swear it upon my grave.
"This is not new to me human.  It is obvious by your inferiority that you do not belong," he said. I looked up.  I was tired of this.  I had never been so afraid in my life, but I was dying like a man today.
"No!" Rox yelled.  I saw him.  He was tall like a man, not as huge as I'd expect, but still he was tall.  He had dark blue skin, thick and straight jet black hair and yellow eyes that terrified the hell out of me.  He wore a black garment with long sleeves and a very long black skirt that reached the floor.  He had a dark cape and he wore some sort of a jeweled head band that almost looked like a crown.
"You challenge me!" He roared and came charging at me.  I covered my face and the master grabbed my neck.  I hung on his arm as I choked.  I felt all of his force upon me and he had a fierce anger of a wild animal as he attacked me.  I tried to fight him off and fidget, but he was too strong.
"Bhashata Brok!" Rox yelled as I choked.  I don't know what he said, but I was suddenly launched with force onto the wall.  I hit my back on it and fell to the ground.  I panted.  Rox and the master spoke to each other.  I stumbled and I could barely stand.
"The human must return to his kneeling posture," Rox said unemotionally.
"Know your place," the master shouted pointing at me.  I heaved and rubbed my harmed neck.  I had never been squeezed like that before ever in my life.  My chest was hurting me.  For sure I was going to die of a heart attack now, but at least I knew who the hell he was and I knew I would die bravely like a real man should do.  Rox came to me with a speed I never thought possible.  I could barely glimpse him at all and he was already beside me.  He did his index finger thing again and pressed it on my chest.  Again my heart rate was slowing down and I knelt again.  However, I was not willing to look at the floor again and I stared back at him.  The master slapped me hard in the face and I fell to the floor.
"Understand this you impotent, inferior human.  I am Prince and Lord Sha' and you are nothing but a slave.  You can accept your condition now or die with the rest of your pathetic Earthlings.  It makes no difference to me.  Your world has now been claimed by me, Brok, the Prince of Sha.  Our dominion will be absolute and you will no longer rule.  As of now the human race is claimed by Sha and all of those who oppose it will die," he said.   I didn't know what to think or respond to this.  Blood was already dripping from my lip.  He looked at his dark blue hand and noticed the red liquid in his hand.
"Take him away!  I never want to see this human again.  I need to be decontaminated," the master said.  Rox bowed, grabbed my arm and took me away.  I was terrified beyond shame.
Chapter Twelve
Father
I was heaving as Rox grabbed me by my arm.  Slowly, he helped me walk through the dark corridor with the purple mist on the floor and the strange purple lights that now dimmed.  I dragged my feet as I panted in pain.  I could feel my neck swollen and a few drops of blood roll down my lower lip.  I pressed my finger on it and looked at my own blood.  I still couldn't believe it.  What the hell was that, I wondered.  My heart beats accelerated.
"You must calm yourself now Joe.  The worst is over," Rox said.  I heaved.  It was a little hard for me to talk.  I tried to, but only puffs of breath came out of me and on my second intent my voice was raspy.
"Joe, please avoid speaking.  Your vocal chords have suffered a minor damage.  I will fix them as soon as you return to your confinement," Rox replied.  I wanted to reach out to him.  
"Rox... please... I need to... leave this... place," I murmured with pain.  Rox didn't answer me and continued to help me until we arrived at that room where there were no windows or doors.  He placed me on the strange dark bed that seemed to be made out of something that looked like leather.
"Please lay down," he ordered and I followed his instructions, but I had to try to convince him to help me.  He was a good guy.  I knew that if I tried to reason with him eventually he would help me.
"Rox..."
"Joe, please be quiet," he said.  Then he rose his middle finger to me.
"What..."
"Be quiet," Rox said again.  What was that supposed to mean?  Was he... Oh no, I was wrong.  A two-inch needle popped out of it.  He approached and leaned into me.  He grabbed my chin and lifted my head up.
"This will hurt Joe, but your vocal chords will heal in one minute," he informed.  
"Please... free me," I managed to mumble at last.
"I cannot do that Joe.  My master has not ordered me to release you. Now please avoid to speak," he said and he injected the needle in the middle of my neck.  I had never felt such horrible pain and I wished I could scream, but I could not.  Tears streamed down my eye ducts and made a line all the way to my ears.  I felt a heat run through my throat and then a horrible stinging sensation and a strange taste of metal in me.  That damn minute felt like an eternity to me until it was gone.  I screamed finally having my voice back.  Rox touched the walls and digital symbols on them that I did not understand.  A glass cup with purple liquid appeared on the wall and I didn't know how to describe what I was seeing, but I could swear that the cup became three dimensional and he was able to retrieve it from the wall.
"Holy shit," I uttered out.
"This is not holy shit.  This is Lishktank.  Drink," he said handing me the glass cup.  I grabbed it and looked at the purple liquid inside.
"What is this?" I asked.
"A drink.  I assure you it has all of the properties of your Earth water.  The only thing that is different is that it has a color," Rox said.  I looked at the cup and then at Rox.  I drank from it.  It was pretty good.
"Lish... what?" I asked.
"Lishktank," he repeated.  I glanced at the liquid once again, nodded and took another huge gulp.  Then I held out the glass to him.
"Thanks.  Rox I need to get out of here.  I have a family.  I have kids.  I can't stay here and I don't want to."
"I cannot help you," Rox answered.
"Why not?" I asked.
"Because the master has not ordered me to release you," Rox said.
"Rox, please.  Can't you see how wrong your master is?  You don't think I'm just some inferior human, do you?  I know you don't.  You said I was an interesting subject," I said hoping to God that I could reason with him.  He seemed intelligent enough to understand.
"Yes.  You are an interesting subject, but I cannot disobey my master.  I am programmed to obey him regardless of my personal desires.  Now please rest.  I will try to assist you whenever my duties are fulfilled," he explained.
"Rox, please," I begged.
"I'm sorry Joe, but I cannot act against my programming," he said.
"Why not?  It's obvious that you're intelligent," I insisted.
"That I am, but my behavioral patterns are determined by my programming," he explained.  He turned around to leave, but I got up from the bed and touched his arm.  It felt strange because I felt it very thin, but hard under his robe.  
"Isn't there a way to shut down that programming? Just that part," I said.  Rox looked at my hand.  I retrieved it quickly.
"Sorry," I said.
"Why?" He asked.
"For grabbing you like that.  I didn't mean it."
"I do not understand your apology.  Why do you apologize for grabbing my arm?" Rox asked.
"Because... I don't want you to feel uncomfortable.  Look, is there a way to shut that part down?" I pushed on
"Not that I am aware of.  My programming is intertwined," he said.
"What the hell does that mean?" I asked.
"It means that if you eliminate any part of my programming you terminate my existence," he said.  Oh shit.  I wished so bad that I could do something, but if it meant killing Rox things would just be harder.  He had been so attentive to me and had even saved my ass back there with his master that it would be hard for me to kill him.  Part of the wall simply slid up like a door and Rox left my horrible room.  The lower part of his robe ruffled as he left and then the door, the wall or whatever just shut.  I wondered why the hell was it so hard for me to shut him off anyway.  In the end, he was nothing, but a robot and then that got me to thinking.  No.  I want to escape, but not like that.  I'm going to have to find another way out of here.  I wasn't going to kill Rox for being just a robot because then I would be like the beast who wanted to kill me just because for being a human. 
***
Anabella
I walked through the forest and it was damp and muddy.  Randolph's chubby and small figure paced in front of us as we followed him into the murky forest.  My brother Brian was inches in front of me with his handgun out.  He peered around the trees and trunks, but followed Randolph without any distractions.  I saw a chipmunk munching on a small pine cone.  He looked cute with his two front teeth nibbling on the pieces, but I moved forward.  
The sky darkened and I had the impression that the clouds above would bring raindrops to the trees and ferns.  My shoes were plastered with mud.  Oh, damn.
After walking about two miles Randolph stopped and leaned onto a tree.  His elbow lay on a tree trunk.  During this stop I was finally able to take a break and look at the Manila folder that was in my hand.  I noticed something I hadn't noticed before, a birthday sticker on it and thought that maybe the answer to our riddle was in here.
"Brian, look.  Dad gave us the answer in this folder," I said showing it to him.  Randolph squeezed his eyebrows together in confusion, but I opened the Manila folder to prove his scam once and for all.  However, this had nothing to do with a game.  It was a purchase agreement of my father's house.
"What is this?" Brian asked.
"Your dad was selling the house for Anabella's dream," Randolph said.  I was still shocked with disbelief.
"Oh my God," I said amazed.  I didn't want my dad to sell his house, but to see that he would go to these lengths to help me with what I wanted was just unbelievable.  I wanted to give him a hug and cry.  Brian snatched the purchase agreement and the Manila folder from my hands.  My hazel eyes traveled towards his ill-tempered face.
"So, he'd give up his house for you, awesome," Brian said.  I knew he was jealous, but he didn't mean any harm by it.  He loved me, but he just hated the idea of dad selling the house over for me and not doing the same for him.
"Brian..." I mumbled as he tucked the papers away and then he walked towards Randolph and  handed him the Manila folder and not to me.
"I'm sure that's probably just another one of dad's amazing jokes, but don't destroy it, just in case.  Good to know that dad cares for somebody's dreams," he said.
"Brian..."
"Randolph where the hell is my dad?  I'm tired of jokes.  Just tell me where he is," Brian asked losing patience and as always avoiding to speak about his own feelings.  He wasn't going to talk about this again and so I let it go.  Randolph heaved for a moment before answering and then he spoke to Brian after catching some serious amounts of deep breaths.
"It's a bit further on," Randolph answered.
"Okay, stay here," Brian said leaving.
"Wait!" Randolph shouted.
"Brian, wait up.  I'm going with you," I said as I trotted towards him to follow.  
Randolph spoke up.
"Don't go out there alone Brian!  I'm begging you, let's get a group together and-"
"Shut up and stay here.  I'll be right back," Brian spat back.
"Brian, don't speak to him like that," I reprimanded.
"I'm sorry," Brian said with wide awkward eyes at me.
"Not to me Brian, to Mr.  I'm sorry, what's your last name?" I asked looking up at Randolph.
"Tolle.  Randolph Tolle," he answered.
"Mr. Tolle," I finished.
"Mr. Tolle, Randolph I'm sorry, okay?  Let's go," Brian said and he pulled my elbow.  I watched how Randolph, Mr. Tolle with flattened, worried eyes.  I saw him shake his head and I could almost feel that he was warning us to stop, but it was just my imagination and nothing more.
*****************************************
We walked some more into the forest and I had to gaze more at the ground then on the front due to the twigs and annoying deadwood.  Then Brian suddenly stopped me with his arm.
"Brian?" I asked annoyed, but then I gasped wide eyed and a dropped mouth.  I covered it as quickly as I saw it.
"Is this serious?" he murmured unmoved.  A large dark object, cone like shaped made of some sort of a metal, rock kind of a material stood before us, like a giant metallic Native American teepee.  Brian carefully approximated the unknown object and I was just as curious about it myself, but my brother stopped me with his hand.
"Anabella go to Randolph and tell him I believe him," Brian urged.
"No.  I'm not leaving you here.  Are you crazy?" I whispered back as he held me back with his arm.
"I said get the hell out of here... and go get help" Brian insisted.   I didn't care what that thing was.  I didn't want to leave my brother there.
"I'm not leaving," I answered back and Brian pushed me hard and I fell to the muddy ground.
"I said beat it," Brian said and ran towards the object.  I clambered to up to my feet again when there was no sign of Brian anymore.  
"Brian?" I asked and imagined that he was behind the object so I walked towards it.
Boom, boom!  I heard the echo of two gunshots and knew that my brother was using his handgun, but why?
"Brian!" I screamed panicked and raced towards him.  He had been behind the object just as I had suspected, but he was lying on the ground.  I covered my mouth shocked as I took all of this in.  My brother was dead, I thought.  No, check him, another thought said to me and I immediately pressed my finger on the side of his neck and on his wrist.  It was beating which meant that he was alive.  However, there was a fading light coming out of the object, sort of like an aperture that leaded towards some sort of a tunnel and I could see the shadow of someone.
"You!  Where is my father?  Come back right now!" I demanded and followed the strange figure who wore some sort of a cape.  I ran as fast as I could, my heart beating, but demanding for answers that needed to be fulfilled.  I wasn't leaving this strange place without my father.  I didn't care who or what that was.  Purple lights surrounded this place and as I ran turning left and right I lost whoever I was pursuing in that strange, corridor.  
"I don't care who you are, do you understand?  I want my father back!  I want him back," I said with desperation.  I heard a sound, footsteps and walked towards the sound.  I felt a panic that tugged into my trembling legs and for a moment I stopped walking.  
Maybe it was luring me into a trap.  What if my father was already dead and this... this whatever was doing the same to me.  I wanted to turn back, but it was too late and besides the torture of not knowing whatever happened to my father would be more severe than my own survival to avoid an atrocious end. 
 I waited for a moment, thought about everything that happened in my life including the purchase agreement.  If I left right now I still had a chance to live my life, my dream and to do what I always wanted to do, but what would happen if I left?  Could I leave my father, the man who was willing to give up everything he owned for me?  No.  I couldn't betray my father like that.  My father had to be alive.  I could feel him in my heart.  He was here and he was alive and I was going to find him no matter what.

Chapter Thirteen 
Anabella
The air around me grew cold and I rubbed my arms rummaging for heat.  Mist came out of my mouth as I penetrated furthermore into this strange place.  The walls surrounding me were made of a strange concrete, rock quality and yet purple lights surrounded it like when Christmas arrives and people place lights on their trees and exteriors.  The lights however morphed into shapes of creatures and strange purple foliage.  I hardly understood what I was seeing, but it seemed that there was a whole new world surrounding me.  However, as I walked on through the strange corridor I stopped after seeing a familiar image on the wall.  It was the image of a single rose.
Swish.
I tilted and saw a strong purple light coming out of an aperture a few feet away from me on my left.  I walked towards it.
“Father?” I called out.  I was unsure.  I was afraid.  I had to rationalize my fear and imagine that it was really just my father and not a strange entity or extraterrestrial as the reality of this seemed to hint.  There were no such things as aliens.  This had to be something else, something familiar, but unimagined.  As I approached I felt the air around me growing colder.  I shivered and rubbed my arms again.  This time my arms had to remain crossed.  I passed through the thickness of light and cold until I reached a dim shadow and what I saw terrified me.  I screamed and ran out of that place.  My heart pounded out of its core and I heaved, cried and shrieked.
“Oh my God,” I said to myself and repeated trembling like a mantra.  I covered my mouth as I tried to pass the shock.  My eyes watered and I cried.   What on Earth was that?  I wondered still trying to take in what I had seen.  My mind almost drowned in fear until I heard a small banging on a wall.
“Dad?” I asked and trotted towards the banging.  I saw someone, a stranger hooded with a white robe and I wondered if it was my father.
“Dad?” I repeated touching his shoulder and the stranger turned around and looked at me.  Its face was metallic and unknown to me.  Blue lights peered at me and I opened my mouth in shock.
“Greetings,” the robot said and it extended a metallic hand towards me half covered with a long white sleeve.  I looked at it and then reached out for it.  Strangely I greeted the robot feeling its cold, metallic and hard hand.  Its fingers felt like grasping many thin tubes or pens at the same time.
“Greetings?” I mumbled questionably.
“My name is Rox,” The robot said indifferent with my question.  It either did not understand or care.
“Where is my father?” I asked it.  The robot didn’t answer and I wondered if it had broken down or something.  I stretched my hand to touch it and it frightened me when he spoke and I jerked back.
“I prefer if you did not touch me on my face.  It is disturbing to me,” it said.  Was this thing serious?  I didn’t know.  
“Where is my father?” I asked again.
“I was analyzing your question and trying to search for your father, but unfortunately I do not know who your father is or where to locate him.  The ship still has its technical difficulties.  Our computers are working on hacking your computer mainframes, but it is a complicated procedure.”
“Hacking our computer mainframes?  What are you talking about?” I wondered confused and with a chill.
“The Sha is in preparation to conquer your world,” the robot said as a matter of fact.  
“What?” I mumbled out loud with shock.
“I have noticed that when humans are overwhelmed with disbelief they tend to ask “what”?  May I ask why?” It said to me, but I ignored its question in the hope of answers.
“You have encountered humans before?  Like me?” I asked it, but the robot shook his head.
“No.  Not like you.  You are the first human female of your species that I have encountered and I must say that human females have fair traits.”
“So, you were the one who hurt my brother,” I said.
“I do not know who your brother is,” Rox responded.
“The man who tried to defend himself with a gun.  Brown hair, brown eyes, six feet.  He shot you and you hurt him back.  He’s on the ground, unconscious,” I answered.
“Oh, so that was a weapon?  No wonder it scratched some of my outer structure, but I have managed to repair it.  As for your brother I did not hurt him.  I simply induced him into unconsciousness.  I can assure you that he is completely functional,” Rox said.
“My father’s name is Joseph Antonio Torres Salvador.  Have you seen him?” I asked.
“Yes, but he only wishes to be called Joe,” Rox answered.  I was overjoyed.
“Please take me to him.  I beg you please.  He has a heart condition and can die if he’s excited,” I urged.  The robot nodded.
“I will take you to your father,” Rox said.  I was glad to know that I would be taken to him.  He walked forward into the corridor and I followed him.  Sometimes I looked back nervous as we paced along those purple lit corridors. I felt that I was walking inside of cavernous tunnels instead.
“I suspected that he must have a serious heart condition.  I constantly received readings of an accelerated heart beat that strained his inner organs and blood streams,” Rox said.
“Oh my God.  If that’s true we need to hurry.  He can seriously die,” I said.
“No.  I can assure you that his heart is functional and that the beats have been monitored and controlled.  I have induced him with Shmla several times.  Especially after he met the master,” Rox said as he walked.  I could hear his heavy, metallic steps throughout the corridor and wondered who he spoke about when he mentioned the word master.
“Shim what?  Master?” I asked him as we passed the purple lit walls.  Rox made a sudden stop.  Then he pressed something on the wall and strange symbols with the purple lights in them appeared.  He pressed some of these strange symbols like buttons and then the wall slid up and opened.
“Your father is here,” he said pointing the way and I ran inside to see my father.  He lay in bed shivering.  The lines of his eyes and mouth showed some strain, but his sleep seemed peaceful. 
“Dad,” I said and he opened his eyes.
“Anabella?  Anabella,” he answered and hugged me.  I hugged him back.
“Oh Anabella!  I never thought I’d see you again.  I had this terrible nightmare,” he said.
“It’s alright dad.  I’m here,” I whispered in his ear.
“Thank God,” he said, but then I felt him jerk and pull me toward him.
“Dad?” I asked and tilted.  I looked at his shocked expression as he glanced at Rox.
“Dad?” I repeated.
“It’s true.  It’s all true,” he murmured.
“Hello Joe,” Rox said.  My dad got up from the bed and walked towards Rox.  
“Rox, I’m begging you, please take us out of here,” dad said.
“I cannot do so,” Rox said and I panicked.    
“What do you mean you can’t take us out of here?  We’re leaving,” I got up and insisted.
“I can only take your daughter Anabella off this ship.  The master has no knowledge of her existence and therefore I have not been ordered to retain her here, but I have been ordered to keep you here indefinitely,” Rox said to my father.  My dad turned around and pulled my arm.
“Dad?” I shrieked as he pulled me with force and pushed me towards the robot.  I could barely force myself out of his hands and almost slipped, but didn’t because Rox grabbed me by the elbows.
“Ouch.  Dad?” I protested.
“Get her out of here right now,” my father said and Rox nodded and pulled me away from my father.
“Dad!  Dad,” I screamed as tears streamed down my face.  I struggled and wiggled to try to loosen myself from the robot’s firm and strong metallic grip.
“Your father is intelligent and intelligence always pertains,” Rox said.
“Where are you taking me?” I asked.
“I am taking you back into your world,” Rox answered.
“What about my father?” I shouted as the robot continued to take me through the corridors of the ship.
“Your father must remain in this ship forever.  He is a prisoner of the Prince of Sha.”
“No!  I demand to speak to your prince,” I shouted.  Rox stopped in full and peered into my eyes with his bright blue lights.
“That is not wise,” Rox said and then he continued to drag me through the ship.
“No!  No, no!” I shouted.  Rox grabbed me and carried me.  I tried to push him away with my hands, but could not fight him.  I slapped him on the face, but it hurt me instead of him and I ended up rubbing my own palm. 
“Dad!” I wailed and cried as I was carried away.  There was nothing I could do to stop this robot.  There were no moments I didn’t try or insist upon it leaving me.  I hit and pushed as hard as I could, but I was powerless.
“Tiatini, Pantu!” I heard a rough and low tone voice.  The robot stopped completely like if it had died and finally I was able to release myself from its grip.  I fell on the purple mist and hit my buttocks on the ground.  I hurt myself a bit, but I didn’t have time to complain about that.  I had to reach my father and get him out of this dreadful place.  I placed my hands on the floor and staggered to get to him.  I ran behind the robot and took off knowing that we had left my father somewhere in the rooms behind and hoping that I would escape whoever it was that stopped the robot who carried me.  Suddenly memory of the shock of that strange creature I could not mention before invaded my thoughts once again.  Whatever it was, it seemed harmed, but its appearance had shocked me to the point that I just wanted to take it out of my mind.  It was obvious that this Sha or whoever was a monster who probably enjoyed harming others.  
The robot had said it himself; “our computers are working on hacking your computer mainframes, the Sha is in preparation to conquer your world.  Your father must remain in this ship forever.  He is a prisoner of the Prince of Sha.” 
 I didn’t know who the Sha were, but I knew that they didn’t come here to be our friends.  I ran through the corridors left and right as my heart beat fast.  Think, think… where is my father? My thoughts wondered, but I barely knew.  I didn’t want the desperation to overtake me, but the seconds ticked away and I could not remember or compare the passages.  To me they were all the same.  
“Dad?” I wondered desperate.  Maybe if I called for him out loud he would hear me and try to make some noise.  I tried again.  It was my only option.
“Dad?” I asked looking left and right, trying to hear a sound.  Hoping that I would hear anything, anything at all.  Then I headed forward and I bumped myself against a dark wall stumbling to the floor.  Surprised to see it move I crawled backwards realizing that I hadn’t hit a wall at all.  It was some sort of a strange creature.  He looked like a man, but he wasn’t a man.  Facing me was an alien that was not from this world with dark blue skin who had long, black raven hair that fell all the way to his chest.  His yellow, fierce eyes pierced into my face and eyes.  Surprised and overtaken by fear; I could do nothing at all, but stare back at the unknown.  


Chapter Fourteen
The creature looked at me and I stared back at him with surprise.  At first, I made no movements, but then I noticed how the creature studied my every expression and after a few moments that seemed to linger forever I crept back never losing eye contact and little by little I got right back up and walked backwards.
“You have dared to enter my ship unauthorized!  Have you come to face me yourself?”  The husky voice of the creature said.
“No!  I have come to rescue my father from the Prince of Sha!” I answered.
“Have you?” The creature asked studying me from head to toe.  I walked backwards as I felt the cold, yellow eyes stare onto my body.
“Yes and I will not leave until he is set free,” I said.
“Is that so?  Then maybe you will stay here forever.”
“My father is sick.  He cannot stay here.  He will die,” I answered.  My heart beat fast and I was trembling with fear embracing my bones, but I wouldn’t leave my father here to die.  
“He will die regardless,” he answered.
“Not if he is attended in a hospital like he should,” I said and the creature began to walk around me, staring my every move.  He was very tall and strong.  He almost seemed like a man when he was in the shadows, but his sudden movements showed that he was something else.  I suddenly felt his body next to mine and I barely froze.  I could hear his nostrils close to me.  His hand touched my hair and he sniffed.  I felt my fingers grow numb and my heart grew in speed.
“Why should I care what happens to your father?  Your world will be conquered by us and you will all become slaves.”
“I assure you that we will not surrender so easily.  You will find resistance among our kind,” I said.  Then I felt the creature walk close to me again and face me with incredible speed.
“Really?  Will you resist me?” He asked and I shuddered.  He grinned and then I answered.
“Why do you speak in terms of war?  I said that I have not come here to face you, but to set my father free or do you lack intelligence?”  Suddenly, he roared with such anger that I thought that the walls would crumble around me and that the ceiling would fall right on me.  He had such a strong lion roar that for a moment my knees buckled and surely, I knew that I would die devoured by this savage.  He had six long fangs, three on each side and his long cape ruffled as he moved.  Suddenly his long dark nails scratched a wall beside me and I saw shreds of rock fall onto the ground.  I jerked back terrified at his claws.
“Have you come here to insult me?  The prince of Sha?” He roared, but I spoke higher.  I would not show my fear, no matter how afraid I truly was.  The beast would only see my courage and nothing more.
“I have come to reason with you and if you are as intelligent as you claim to be then you must be reasonable,” I said.  This beast of a creature suddenly stopped and frowned with a thoughtful stare.  His golden eyes were somewhere else and I knew that my words had somehow stung into his mind.  
“I am reasonable human.  What do you offer?”
“I offer you peace,” I said.
“Are you the leader of your people?  Are you a queen?”  I shook my head.
“No.”
“Then you cannot offer what you do not have.”
“I offer myself,” I heard myself saying.  Did I really say that?  
“Yourself?” He wondered.
“Yes.  I will take my father’s place,” I answered.
“You?  You would take your father’s place?  You know that if you do, you will stay here forever… in this ship,” he said glancing at me with suspicion.
“Yes.  I’m aware of the conditions,” I said.
“And still you would stay?  Knowing that you will never return to see your family or your planet?”  He asked me.  The question shocked me for a moment.  I realized that I was giving up more than just myself.  I was giving up my life, my future and my dreams.  I was giving up the warmth of the sun and the breeze of the wind.  I was giving up on the trees, the sea, the rain and the Earth.  I was giving up on the noise of the city on and my home.  I would have to say goodbye everyone I ever knew and everyone I would never get to meet, the places that I loved and the places I that I would never get to see.  I was giving up on food, drink, chats and laughs.  Never again would I ever read stories, books or the fairy tales that touched my heart or listen to the music that yearned when I ached.   I was giving up on new encounters and friends; on the soul mate I would never meet and on the moments that would take my breath away, but if all of that meant that I could save my father then it was worth giving it all up.
“Yes,” I said with tears in my eyes.  Goodbye dad… goodbye Brian… Chandra… Randolph and even the annoying Luke Stevens who didn’t seem so annoying to me in this moment.  Maybe he really did care for me.  I guess that now I would never know.
“Very well. Tiatini, Pantu,” he roared and I heard heavy and mechanical footsteps.  Rox approached us.
“Release the detestable human.  She will take his place,” the prince said.  Rox walked just a few feet away from us and he pressed on the walls again and the wall slid right up.  I couldn’t believe that I was so close to my father, yet so far away from him.  I didn’t know how their doors worked or where they were at all and therefore I could have never released him by myself no matter how much I wanted to.  
“Dad!” I yelled as my father was being yanked out of the room.
“Anabella?  What the hell is going on Rox?  I told you to get her out of here,” my father said as Rox pulled him out into the corridor and passed me by.  I screamed for my father and ran to him.  I barely touched his hand when the alien grabbed my elbow.
“Wait!” I yelled.
“Take your hands off her!”
“You dare challenge me again?” The alien blasted and roared with anger.  Then he yanked me to the ground and ran abnormally fast towards my father.
“We have an agreement!  If you hurt him the agreement is off.  You have me to harm,” I yelled.
“Anabella?  What the hell are you talking about?” My father asked.
“Send him away now!” The prince shouted holding himself.  I scrambled back up and tried to go to my father, but it was too late.  I tried to follow him, but when I arrived at the corner of the corridor I had lost him.  I could only hear his faint voice from a distance, but I couldn’t hear his words anymore and soon even his voice was gone.  I whimpered silently and covered my wet eyes.  No matter how many tears I shed I knew that they would never, ever be enough.
“Come… Anabella…” the alien said uttering my name with his low, raspy voice.  I panted as I followed the tall alien with long dark hair.  I couldn’t see the shoes that banged on the floor or the edge of his cape due to the purple mist that covered the floors.  I wiped my tears, but more hurtful and warm tears swarmed in my eyes and rolled over my cheeks.  I passed my hands on my eyes a couple of times and sniffled. 
The purple lights swarmed and changed as I walked passed the corridors.  I noticed that plants disappeared from view and that circles replaced their images.  I felt like the ship tried to hide something away from me, something I didn’t really care about in this moment.  I only tried to imagine that my father was well and that Randolph would take him to a hospital and that soon he would think that everything that happened on this ship was nothing, but a dream. 
The alien stopped and pressed the walls again.  More of the strange symbols appeared on it, but he pressed a single symbol and the wall slid up with a swoosh sound.
“These will be your quarters.  They are appropriate for a female being such as yourself,” he said.  I glanced around, but I didn’t really see anything.  My mind was just somewhere else.
“Rox will be here to prepare you for our journey.  We are leaving shortly,” he said.
“Leaving?  What do you mean?  Leaving Illinois?” 
“Leaving your planet.  We will be heading back to Sha,” he said.
“Sha?” I asked horrified.
“Yes.”
“But I don’t understand.  I thought that you were coming here to conquer our world?” I asked.
“It’s already being done,” he said showing his fangs.
“What do you mean?” I asked crossing my arms and shivering.  The alien then walked towards a nearby wall and touched a few buttons.  I felt that the air was less cold.
“I mean it’s already in course,” he said impatiently.  I stared at him quietly.  He puffed in some air and then he spoke again as he looked into my hazel eyes.  I was too heartbroken to argue with him in this moment.
“You will come into my home and be my slave as we have agreed upon.  There you will live with me… forever,” he said.  I nodded and cried silent tears.  A long moment had passed and I thought that he had left the quarters, but when he spoke again I realized that he was still there.  However, I didn’t look at him once.  I stared at the floor.
“Anabella… what a strange name to me.  The females of my planet do not bear such a name and yet it rings and fits you well,” he said, but I never looked up.
“What you have done is uncommon in my culture.  I have never seen anyone give up their life for another.  This human quality is intriguing to me and I wish to explore it more.  Are all humans the same?” He asked.  I shook my head.
“I don’t know,” I answered.
“In my world to take a life is honorable, but today I have learned that to give a life is more courageous and even so to allow such a deed,” he said.  I didn’t answer.  I honestly didn’t care what he thought of me.  He was nothing but a monster.
“You will address me,” he ordered.  I glanced up at him with tears.  I could hardly speak and when I did my voice almost cracked.
“What… would you want me to say… master?”  He looked at me for a moment.  Rox stepped into my quarters just after I asked him what he wanted from me.  I just wanted to be left alone.
“My name is Brok and you will address me by my name.  Is that clear?” he roared and I nodded.
“Prepare her.  We are leaving,” Brok said.  He left the room angered and in a rush.  I could care less.
Chapter Fifteen
Father
I know I promised myself that I wouldn’t kill Rox, but this was something that I couldn’t bear to stand.  I struggled to get him off me, but it was very hard with a machine that unlike me, couldn’t feel the pain of hurt.  
“Rox, my daughter.  I’m begging you to take me back.  Let me reason with your master,” I said as I was pulled with force.  I tried hard to force my legs to stay, but I only felt the strain of being pulled back.  I didn’t want to kill him, but for my daughter’s safety I would kill an entire army if I could.
“The master has ordered me to release you.  Is that not what you wanted?” 
“Not like this Rox!  Not at the expense of losing my daughter.  You take me back.  Take me back now!” I barked, but Rox would not stop to listen and his tone seemed unchanged by the dramatic circumstances around us.  I realized that I had been fooled to believe that he had any feelings whatsoever.  He was nothing but a machine after all and I should have killed him when I had the chance to do so.
“I have been ordered to release you and so I will perform my duties,” Rox said.
“Rox stop.  I promise I’ll leave this ship, just stop for a moment,” I said and Rox stopped.  I fixed my wrinkled shirt and stood up like a man.  If I couldn’t reason with him I was going to have to go around him.
“Rox I can’t leave my daughter here in the hands of your master.  Do you understand?”
“I cannot disobey my master’s orders Joe.  I thought you understood me as well.”
“Okay, okay.  I do.  What if I can tell you that you can still help me out and obey your master all at once?” I asked.  Rox tilted his head sideways like a little puppy.  
 “How can this be achieved?” Rox asked and already in my mind I had the perfect plan.
***
Anabella
Purple lights surrounded my quarters as I sat on my bed.  It had a design of purple that I did not understand.  Rox, the robot was in front of me and he stared at me with his blue eyes that were made of lights.
“Would you like anything prior to your preparation?” Rox asked.  I shook my head as tears streamed down my face.  They were unavoidable. 
“Why is your face wet?” Rox asked.  I sniffled trying and wiped my tears away with the back of my hand.
“Allow me,” Rox said and he touched his arm.  A purple triangular shaped light appeared.  He touched buttons made of light that seemed to create something out of it and then a purple cloth appeared.  I gasped amazed.
“How did you do that?” I asked as he handed the cloth to me.  
“By integration,” he answered as I wiped my tears with it.  I could hardly believe what I had seen and yet there was the cloth right there in front of me.
“I don’t… I don’t know what you mean?” I asked honestly.  For a moment, my depression was instantly locked away and replaced with curiosity.  A curiosity that wouldn’t last long enough to conceal the pain inside of me, but still it needed to be fed.
“Oh, well integration means that we can create matter with the correct patterns of mass, energy and the exact calculations of the property of the elements in its basic atomic structures,” he answered. 
“You can create matter?” I asked astounded.
“Yes, as long as long as they are non-living organisms.  Prince Brok tried to create a living one, but his attempt was condemned by the King and his punishment was to seek love or face death.”
“Love?  What does love have to do with trying to create living organisms?” I asked.  Rox sat down next to me.  The edges of his long white robe fell to the floor and he placed his hands on his lap and looked at me.  Strangely I felt that his eyes were filled with warmth.
“I was not always like this you know,” Rox began as I scrunched my eyebrows and wondered what he meant.
“I used to be a Sha and my name used to be Rok.  I became Rox after I was punished to seek love for lacking empathy,” he said.
“You mean you were a Sha like… like?”
“Yes,” he said and nodded.  I couldn’t believe that Rox had actually been a living being.  I needed to know more.
“What happened?  The Sha did this to you?” I asked appalled and Rox nodded.
“But how?  How could they do this to their own kind?” I asked.  This race of beings were worse than what I had previously imagined.  If they did this to their own kind what would happen to those who weren’t like them?  Had I only saved my father for a limited time only?  I wish there was something else that I could do, but what could a person like me do?  I was a nobody, a nothing.  I couldn’t warn the world about this and even if I did they probably wouldn’t believe me.  I thought of Randolph and how he tried to warn us about this and how we couldn’t conceive to believe that it was really even a slight possibility.  Now I felt like I was a Randolph too.
“The Sha are very wise.  They know when someone is rotten and how to fix the problem and the lack of empathy is an illness that cannot spread in our world.”
“Lack of empathy?” I asked.
“It’s called Pstanktimi.  It is an illness that has a cure though and that cure is love. Unfortunately, the illness can only be cured after a certain point.  Once that point is reached, the only cure left is to implant the mind in a controlled state of being and mind or sudden death,” Rox answered.
“I don’t understand,” I said because I honestly didn’t.
“Pstanktimi is an illness that if controlled allow the Sha to live normal, happy liives.  However, if it is uncontrolled it can lead to chaos, devastation and even the extinction of Sha.”
“What does this illness have to do with you and Prince Brok?” I wondered.
“If the sick are capable of finding love in its true form they will heal from this illness and lead normal lives.  If they cannot then they are sentenced to become an Ebud or a slave within an artificial structure or are sent to die.  Pstanktimi is highly contagious among the Sha and its only effective eradication has been by these two means.  I have been studying your world and I have seen that your illnesses are of a structural nature.  The illnesses of the Sha however are of a behavioral nature.  The Sha have no physiological illnesses per-se, just minor discrepancies that can easily be fixed with a certain amount of artificial chemicals.  However, the Sha’s neurological system is sensitive and is highly resistant to artificial chemicals,” he said.  All of this was very foreign to me and very unreal.  How could creatures who can integrate create matter can’t cure themselves of depression or the lack of empathy?  This made no sense to me.
“But haven’t you been able to create some sort of a medicine?” I insisted.
“Medicines easily fade.  It is the way the Sha are made.”
“So, the cure is becoming a robot or death?”
“Yes,” Rox answered.
“So now you’re what, a robot with empathy?”
“Yes,” Rox answered.
“With empathy, but without a free will?” I asked.
“Robots must be submitted or will terminate the race of the Sha.  As I have said, the Sha are highly intelligent and wise.  They know what may be rotten and how to fix the problem.”
“Why can’t they fix the lack of empathy then?”
“I have already explained that the neurological systems of the Sha are highly resistant to artificial chemicals.”
“Well can they resist any mechanical fixes?  Like implants?”
“Unfortunately, they are also resistant to those as well.  My master has failed to find love in the vastness of the universe and instead of having empathy his travels have made him lose whatever else was left of him.  Instead of coming into contact with the worlds he has explored he has decided to conquer them and colonize them for the kingdom of Sha.  It showed great strength among the governors of Sha and therefore his absolute cure has been on hold, but three stars ago-” Rox said.
“Rox, have you prepared Anabella for our journey?” A husky voice interrupted.  It was the voice of Brok.  
“Negative,” Rox answered.
“What have you been doing then?” Brok asked.
“We have been discussing your absolute cure of Pstanktimi,” Rox answered and I heard such a loud roar that I had to cover my ears.
“You are not to discuss my Pstanktimi condition with no one, is that understood?” Brok said.
“Yes,” The robot answered.  I swallowed hard with a wide-eyed expression.  Rox had gotten into trouble because of me.
“Now prepare our guest.  We are leaving this planet.”
“Yes master,” Rox said.  Then he tilted his head towards me.
“I’m sorry I got you into trouble,” I said.
“Please lie down.  I will prepare you for our travel,” Rox ordered.  He seemed undisturbed by the situation and so I decided to leave it how it was and lie down like he had ordered.
“Rox, can I ask you a question?” I asked.
“Most certainly, you can,” Rox answered.  Long purple lighted straps appeared on the corners of the bed. To say that I was surprised would be a very far-fetched expression.  I simply felt bewildered by them.  Rox placed the straps on my wrist and tied them tightly on each side.  Then a long strip appeared from the middle of the bed and he tied me with it as well.  The lights lit around my extremities and seemed to be unreal and lite like a veil, but they were very well enforced and I could not move my limbs.
“What’s going on?” I asked.
“I am preparing you for our journey.  Your physiology has never met with such speed and your body needs to be on rest mode.  We will be travelling with the speed of light, but afterwards our portal maker will be creating a worm hole which we will use to travel through the other side of the universe.  He had been severely sick in this journey and I had warned Brok about it, but he ignored my warnings which was why our ship ended up crashing in your forest.  But our portal maker has been restored and is now functional.” Rox said.  A long needle appeared in the tip of one of his fingers.
“Now I will inject you with jatatenta which will allow you to sleep throughout the entire journey,” Rox said.
“Wait Rox!  I have so many questions,” I said.
“Now is not the time to ask your questions Anabella.  Now it is time to move beyond,” Rox answered and he injected the needle.  I was instantly asleep. 
Chapter Sixteen
Anabella
I suddenly opened my eyes and Rox was next to me, looking at me with his blue lights and I jerked.
“Jesus!” I uttered out loud.
“No.  My name is Rox,” the robot responded.  His ignorance of the colloquial expression was appealingly humorous to me, but I ignored my instinct to laugh and I smiled instead.  The veils of lights were gone and I was no longer strapped in them so, I sat up and brushed my hair back with my fingers.
“We have arrived and are now in the planet Sha,” Rox said.
“Already?” I asked.  I wondered what time it was.
“What time is it?” I asked.
“Time?  Oh, you mean your human time?” He asked and then he was quiet.  I stared at him blank faced waiting for a response, but when I felt that the silence had become quite awkward I insisted on having my question answered.
“Rox?  What time?” I asked.
“It is 4:07am,” Rox answered.  It was four o’clock in the morning?
“So, I’ve been sleeping for fifteen hours?” I asked.
“No, not according to your Earth time.”
“What do you mean?  You said I’ve been asleep for fifteen hours?” 
“You have been sleeping for twenty-four months and fifteen hours.  As for your Earth time you have been asleep for twenty-two thousand, sixteen hundred and thirty-five light years to be precise.”
“What?” I asked shocked.  Had I heard correctly.  No it had to be a mistake.  I’ve been asleep for how long?  I didn’t understand.
Click, click, click
“Excuse me,” Rox said, but it was still a shock to me and I could hardly speak.  Rox went in silent mode again, but I was still so surprised that I just really couldn’t talk right away anyway.  Was he serious or was he messing with me? Two years, but then twenty-two thousand and how many light years?  This had to be a mistake.  I had to be dreaming or I didn’t know what was going on.  Maybe I had been drugged with something and now I was hallucinating all of this.  Oh for the love of God if this is so, please wake me up!
“Prince Brok has already left the ship and is currently working on the planet’s political strategies, nothing that really concerns us now, but he has instructed me to take you into the castle.  There he will meet with you after he has dealt with his political agenda,” Rox said as my thoughts still swirled in my mind.
“Anabella, did you hear me?  He will meet you after he has dealt with his political agenda,” Rox repeated to me.
“Political agenda?  Why would he even want to meet with me?  I thought I was his slave?”
“He has changed his mind about your condition of slavery and has determined instead accept you into his guest.”
“A kidnapped guest?  Wonderful,” I said sarcastically, but Rox obviously didn’t get my humor.
“I am glad to see that you have adjusted to your new condition.  Now, shall we move forward?  Surely, you would like a meal and maybe a tour around the castle?” Rox suggested.
“I’m really not that hungry,” I said.  My stomach grumbled, but my attitude didn’t agree with my physical needs.  If this was my new reality I just wanted to sleep forever and I never wake up again.  
“Rox, when you talk about the time that’s passed on Earth, you know, when you said that twenty-two thousand something years have passed, but then only two years what does all of that mean?” I asked.  I knew it was a dumb question, but I thought that maybe I didn’t understand right or I’d get a “got ya” reply.  
“Oh, yes.  This is called a Perceptual Space Travelling Time Clocking Measurement of Duality Movement.” I was still puzzled.  What the hell did that mean?  I frowned confused. 
“Which means?”
“It means that we perceived our trip from one galaxy into the next with a time frame of twenty-four months and fifteen hours because of motion.  While your planet Earth sits still within the parameters of the speed of light, our ship is in motion towards thirty times the speed of light, we call it the Speed of Alakon.  The speed of Alakon is a combination of string travel and universal worm holes that carry us into enormous quantities of speed.”
“I never felt anything,” I mumbled. 
 “You are not meant to feel anything this is why you were set to sleep.  Your human body isn’t meant for such speeds.  The lights that held your body to the bed are called Nano Travel Trips which are used for species that have a weaker bone and muscle structure.  The Nanos enter through your pores and run all over your blood system and target your brain cells.  They maintain your body stable as our ship flies intense velocities.”
“Do Sha people use it too?”
“No.  Their body can handle the speed and their brains would reject any sort of implant.”
“Then why have them?” I wondered
“Because Prince Brok has conquered other lifeforms Anabella.  Now shall we leave?” Rox asked.  I was still shocked by all of the information I had just received and I wasn’t really sure if I had understood everything, but I nodded him and followed him out of my room.  The corridors were the same and the purple mist on the floor remained.  As we passed the ship I saw strange markings and symbols appear digitally on the walls.  I also saw very strange creatures, one looked like a bird with the head of a dinosaur and legs as wobbly as a snakes’ body.  I didn’t know how that thing, whatever it was could stand tall, but it did.  Strange flowers appeared with petals that looked like inverted triangles and long rectangles.  I didn’t know if they were really purple since the lights lit all of these things in purple.
“Rox, what are those things?  On the walls?” I asked pointing towards one of the flowers.  Rox tilted to look at the direction where I was pointing.
“Those are Stumnikai, from the planet Katksilt.  It is a wonderful world created with geometrical shapes and mathematical representations.  This is only the perception of how the Sha can best illustrate that world, since it is in the fourth dimension.  The Sha are still studying them, but they are very difficult to understand.  Come along Anabella.  I must take you to the castle,” Rox said.  I passed by the halls left and right and then stopped when I saw the rose again.
“That’s a rose,” I recognized.
“Yes.  That is pertinent of your world.  Would you like me to grab it for you?” Rox asked and I frowned.
“How would you do that?” I wondered.
“I forgot that two years have passed and that you have forgotten that we can re-create matter.  Give me a moment,” Rox said.  He passed by me and stood in front of the wall and pressed the wall.  Digital buttons with symbols appeared and he pressed them.  Then he placed his hand on the wall and grabbed the rose.  I was shocked.  The rose wasn’t purple, it was red and it had a green stem with thorns.
“Here,” Rox said with the flower in his hand.  I grabbed it, but I pinched myself with a thorn.
“Ouch,” I mumbled.
“Be careful.  They have thorns.”
“I know.  Why was it on the wall though?” I asked curious.
“Well, because when I showed it to the Prince he was amazed by it and immediately ordered to have it filed in our ship’s file banks.”
“Well, it doesn’t surprise me that he loves roses.  Most people find them to be incredibly beautiful,” I said.
“Yes, the prince thought that the thorns are its major attribute,” Rox said.  I frowned and stared at the rose for a moment.  How could its thorns be its major attribute?  It made no sense to me, but then I remembered that the prince wasn’t from my world and that his standards for beauty wouldn’t necessarily be Earth like.  I was in so much trouble and suddenly I felt afraid.  Why was I now considered a guest and not a slave?  Did slavery even mean the same thing as in Earth like terms?  I didn’t know if there was a God out there, but if there was I only hoped that he remembered that I was here on a space ship.

Chapter Seventeen 
I held the rose in my hand and from time to time I sniffed its delicious scent. I realized that it was the only thing precious to me since it was the only thing that was a part of home for me. My mind travelled along the memories of my father. If it was true that all of those light years had passed then he was... and my brother too. I thought of Chandra and of Luke Stevens. He didn't seem like such a pain anymore. I realized that the famous expression that you could practically find on any hallmark card was right; "You don't know what have until it's gone." I never thought that this would happen to me. How could I have even conceived of such a thing? I could only say how sorry I was for all of the times I mistreated him and judged him without even giving him a chance. Maybe I was a selfish fool and I only thought about myself and my plans, my dreams and everything that surrounded me. Now he was... gone like everything and everybody else. I wanted to cry, but Rox placed his hand on my chest and interrupted my thoughts. I frowned.
"Wait here," He ordered. He pressed the wall in front of him and an intense light shone from the wall. I panicked and jerked back. I dropped the rose and stumbled backwards as I tried to run.
"Oh my God, they're going to kill me," I blurted.
"No. We are travelling to Sha," Rox said.
"But I thought we already landed on Sha?" I said.
"The ships don't land here they anchor here," Rox said. Was this a water world? The light began to fade and I got up.  I saw the wall expand a bit and heard clunking noises.  The ship shook in a rocking movement as I was on all fours on the floor.
"The ship has been successfully anchored. You can come out now," Rox said, but I shook my head.
"This atmosphere is alright.  You can breathe in it. Now come," Rox said. I glanced at the rose, grabbed it and then I walked towards the opening where there was a world out there that I didn't know. Once I was out I saw a light purple sky greet me and what I saw later on was definitely unworldly. Many other ships were anchored with huge chains on enormous red swirled branches. The branches were so thick that they were used as bridges and I saw many blue aliens with black and blonde hair going up and down like ants. Some came up and down their ships unnaturally fast and others seemed to be walking on them very slowly. The sky in the planet had two moons, a visible nearby planet with rings and I could clearly see a galaxy nearby.  The view was spectacular. The trees were as high and round as roller coasters. The planet was interconnected with floating islands and the branches seemed to link each and every one of them down towards a large mountainous space of land.  
On the bottom of the land there was an infrastructure of dark towers, but there was an enormous dark and menacing building that seemed like a huge castle or cathedral and I wondered if it was Brok's castle.  My jaw literally dropped.
"Anabella, if you do not wish to walk you can be sent down with a Jenku," Rox said.
"What's a Jenku?" I asked.
"Magnet travel. These trees have large amounts of magnets, so the Sha have come up with opposite Magnet shoe soles that react through digital movement. I simply inject your shoe with a Jenku shot and you will feel the pull.  I will direct them to go all the way to the bottom of Kruk Sha, the capital of our world.  It will save you a lot of time."
"No way Rox. I want to see all of this," I answered.  
"As you wish," Rox answered. So I walked down the bridge and held on to the rope fencing because the steps were steep and very uncomfortable to walk on.  However, I couldn't allow my discomfort to ruin my curiosity.   I just had to see this world. It was too amazing.
As I paced down the branch I saw similar ships arriving and leaving the planet.  Once I had travelled around two and a half miles I was able to see more of the vegetation of the place. Now I understood why Brok had found the thorns beautiful because the tops of the trees didn't have leaves, they had amazing yellow thorns zigzagging each other. A silver colored insect past by me and as I continued to walk further and further down.  The insect was as big as a button though and I hoped it didn't like human flesh.  Luckily, it ignored me completely.
As I trotted down the steps which seemed to have been man made or alien made I saw sphere shaped houses that looked like huge balls. They seemed to be made of some metal form and the doors were glass, but when the residents entered or came out of their sphered shaped homes a purple light shone and they seemed to disappear inside.  I couldn't see anything on the inside and I wondered about them, but then I saw a huge orange bird fly through the sky.  The bird didn't have feathers though, it seemed reptilian looking with a dinosaur face and huge claws.  The spectacle was unbelievable.  It cawed in the air, with its huge beak like mouth and it glided in the air like a feather.  It dived into a purple ocean and it then it flew back up with something wiggling in its mouth.  I smiled with awe.  The birdlike creature went up into the sky and disappeared, but as I continued to walk further downwards I saw other creatures doing the same.  They were all orange with black stripes and none of them had feathers.  They cawed, but sometimes they also gurgled and it was difficult to understand why, but it was honestly an amazing event for me.  However, the rest of the aliens all dressed in dark long jackets and boots, ignored what seemed to be a routine event, but for me it was just absolutely amazing.  They stared at me instead.
"Why are they all looking at me?" I asked Rox and I tilted.  Rox wasn't near me.
"Rox?" 
"Yes Anabella?" I heard, but he was nowhere to be seen. I tilted my head left and right and frowned confused.
"What's going on and why aren't you with me?"
"I am in the capital," Rox answered.
"Already?"
"I used the Jenku.  I am waiting for you here," Rox said.  
"How can I hear you?" I wondered.
"I installed the Wave-"
"Never mind.  Rox... the people here are all... staring at me.  Why?" I asked.
"Because you are the first human they have ever seen.  They will not disturb you," Rox said.
"Rox, I've been walking a lot, but I'm too tired, I've decided to use the Junk thing," I told him.
"It is Jenku, not Junk and I will arrange it quickly," Rox answered.  I waited and waited.  I tapped my foot and didn't feel a thing.
"Well, Rox, are you sure the Junk thing is working because-" Suddenly I felt a pull and shouted.  Something strange was going on and then all of sudden I was gliding down the steps like on roller blades.  I screamed, shouted and waved my hands up as I felt the immense pull. My heart beat faster and I could feel the trembling adrenaline all over my bones. Down and down I went and the wind brushed my face and totally smacked my hair and it ruffled in the purple.  Then I reached land and I was standing on red ground.  Before me was yellow grass and I felt my heart was going to pop out of my chest any second now.
"What was that?" I said stunned by shock.  I had to breathe because of the intense experience.  I had never really been much of a roller coaster rider, so this was new, exhilarating and delirious all at once. I wondered if I could even lift my foot, so I tried it very slowly in case I was still stuck to the ground, but it turned out I was okay.
 I looked forward and saw Rox in front of me.  His white robe ruffled with the wind and what seemed like small insects with red and blue bright lights hovered around the glass and some other colors floated around the robot.  I smiled watching them buzz and fly away.
“I am most pleased that you have decided to use the Jenku because we have pressing matters to attend to.  Master Brok has made contact with me and he has urged me to take you to the castle at once,” Rox said.  I nodded.  Then Rox knelt down and touched a plant that was filled with thorns.
“Be careful.  Those look sharp and they might cut,” I said.
"They will do no such thing," Rox said and then I was quiet. I saw the same digital buttons suddenly appear and again Rox touched smoky buttons, although these were yellow and soon some sort of a cylinder-shaped object appeared in front of us and it hovered a few inches over the yellow grass.
"Come Anabella. We still have a bit more roads to cover. We cannot dare allow the Prince of Sha to wait for our arrival.



Chapter Eighteen
The dark cylinder shaped object's doors suddenly popped open and went up like an old Delorean.  It hovered a few feet from the yellow grass.
"Please enter," Rox said.  I looked at him perplexed.
"I don't know... I don't..."
"Please sit down.  I will accommodate you," Rox said.   I walked towards the object and recognized a dark, chocolate seat.  I tilted to look back at Rox who waited patiently for me.  I sat down and felt my back incline comfortably backwards.  I tilted to search for a seatbelt, but I didn't see anything.  Rox walked to the other side of the object and sat next to me.  Then the doors automatically closed and I felt two purple straps made of lights embrace my chest.  The object simply hovered away quickly.  
I wondered who or how this strange car was driving through the forest.  I could see a beach close to me with red sand and strange yellow creatures that looked like turtles and snakes wriggling and crawling all over the place.  The yellow snakes wriggled in the purple water and the large bird like creatures flew and dived into the water to snatch them into their beak like mouths.  The trees beside them looked dry with large branches that had huge yellow thorns.  As the cylinder car moved forward I saw more trees and noticed another strange bird creature fly towards a tree.  The creatures placed their mouth on the tips of the thorns and I noticed that they were swallowing.  But swallowing what, I wondered.  
"Anabella, do not be afraid.  You will see the Kimbruk up front, but they will ignore our hover transport," Rox said.
"What is a Kimbruk?" I asked and Rox pointed with his robotic chin up front.  I glanced forward and saw what seemed like a huge stampede.  They looked like horses, but when the "hover transport" passed them by I noticed they had huge lion heads, black and white large manes on their heads, a tail with a huge dark ball on its tip, white bodies and they had flat large feet.  One of the creatures looked at me and it had blue eyes with cat like red irises.  Rox was right, the creature ignored the hover transport.
"Wonderful creatures," I pointed out loud.
"Yes, but they are carnivores.  You must never roam around this area without a hover transport.  They will eat all sorts of flesh regardless," Rox replied.
"Seriously and they just run around free?" I asked shocked.
"Yes." Rox answered.  
"That is the statue of Kruk.  Kruk was Prince's Brok's great, great, great, grandfather," Rox said.  I glanced at the statue that was two miles away.  The statue was amazingly large, bigger than the statue of liberty.  It seemed to be an exact replica of Brok's great grandfather with its blue skin and yellow eyes with long dark hair just like Brok, but the clothes the statue wore was very different.  The statue wore a short-penciled skirt, sandals and a dark open vest.  The jet black hair amazingly ruffled in the purple sky with pink clouds and from where I was I could see birds pass by it.  My jaw dropped at the incredible vision of it as we passed by the enormous sandals.  
I tilted my head to look at the statue from behind and I still couldn't believe this amazing world.  The statue held a strange circle in his hand and I assumed it was some sort of a weapon, but I was unsure.
"What's the statue holding?" I asked.
"A Fruke.  It's a musical instrument," Rox replied.  I was surprised at that answer.  My eyes gazed at the lands again and I saw the Kimbruks run wildly behind us.  They roared from time to time and turned left away from where we were headed.  Then I looked up front again and a few miles in front of us I could see an imposing infrastructure with large spikes as high as the sky.
"What's that?" I asked pointing at it.
"That is the castle Anabella.  Your new home," Rox said.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing.  I was finally here, at the end of my freedom and at the beginning of my harsh reality.  I felt my cheeks go hot, my heart thumping and my lungs going tight.  I didn't want to cry, but hot tears streamed down my eyes.  I didn't want to see the castle with its enormous, black steel like structure, imposing columns and towers or its strange round arches, there were at least more than twenty placed surrounding the castle.  Statues were randomly positioned in front of windows and look alike gargoyles were posted on the walls and columns.  
A huge dark gate opened automatically by sinking into the red ground and the hover transport entered through it. Then the gate grew back and the hover transport stopped in what seemed to be the front lawn. Enormous red tree trunks with huge branches and the yellow thorn leaves were up front. Orange rocks laid in front of some of the tree trunks and creatures that looked like squirrels hopped about the area.
The hover transport's doors popped up and opened. The purple light straps disappeared from sight. I was free from the seat belt.
"We have arrived," Rox said. I got out and walked towards Rox who was waiting for me in front of the hover transport. The front door of the castle slid open automatically and for a moment I felt my pulse jolt. I tilted to look at the hover transport thinking that maybe I could just stay in there instead, but the hover transport began to digitally vanish like sand with purple lights into the ground.
I glanced back at Rox and then at the front door of the castle and I jerked back when I saw a different kind of an alien with orange reptilian skin, long, purple, octupus tentacles as hair with huge purple bright dots, a very small nose, entirely pitch black eyes, very separated and very thin lips. The creature wore a long dark skirt and it had strange tentacle looking toes and fingers and a black shirt.
"Welcome Anabella to the Kingdom of Sha," a female voice said. I was amazed, but I didn't speak. Tears streamed down my cheeks. I was scared. The creature leaned towards me and I jerked again afraid that it might hurt me.
"Oh, don't be scared Anabella. I am your living assistant. Prince Brok felt that you might have the need for an actual living being," she said and frowned at Rox. I stared at Rox, but didn't really see an expression on his face.
"Come my dear. I will show you to your room," she said.
"What about Rox?" I asked looking back at him.
"Oh, that old thing? Don't worry about him. He will be around, but he is needed in another area," she said.
"Excuse me," Rox bowed lightly and left me. I stared at the creature's strange hair tentacles and I could hardly take my eyes off them.
"My name is Krimla. It is a pleasure to finally meet you. The prince has talked so much about you," Krimla said.
"He has?" I wondered as I tried to take in all of the inside of the castle.  There was purple mist in the ground, statues of all sorts of strange creatures and items that I didn't really understand and digital drawings appearing and disappearing from the walls.
"Like the ship," I said as Krimla walked next to me.  She held my hand and lead me to a dark stairway.
"What's that my dear?"
"The digital creatures," I murmured out loud.
"Oh, yes!  They are digital libraries my dear."
"Digital libraries?  These are books?" I asked awed.
"Yes.  Now come along," she said as she led me into a room.  I could hardly believe it. 
"I don't understand?  Does this mean that the walls are filled with pages?" I asked.
"Pages?  I haven't heard that term in a while.  Well, you can say so, but we call them Prucks or in your language, Creative Windows."
"Creative Windows?  That's confusing," I mumbled out loud.
"Don't worry dear, you'll get it.  If not, just call them Prucks," Krimla said.
"I prefer to call them pages if you don't mind," I said.
"You can call them whatever you want, it will not change its function," Krimla replied as we walked up the stairs.  We reached a hallway and walked some more and I noticed that there were empty frames on the rocky looking walls.  Then as we passed them by strange symbols appeared.
"More books?" I wondered.
"Yes," Krimla answered.  We walked on the long hallway, turned left and then right.  The mist still permeated in the floors as we passed and soon she waved her hand and a stone looking door opened.
"This will be your room Anabella," she said as we entered.  The room looked exotic with strange plants that surrounded it.  The ceilings were basically round arches, but there were recognizable items like a bed, a bedside table and a desk with a chair.  
"Anabella, you can place your rose here," she said showing me a glass tube with purple liquid.  I stared at it for a moment.
"I promise that it will be safe," Krimla said nodding.  Her tentacles wiggled in the air.  I placed the stem in the tube.  The red rose revitalized and flourished with strength.
"See?" Krimla said with a smile in her lips and then she placed what seemed to be a tube vase on the bedside table and then she walked towards the wall.  She pressed a few digital buttons and then purple lit closet with lights appeared from the wall with digital looking clothes and shoes.
"Hum... now let's see what would be more suitable for you," she mumbled and passed what seemed to be images of clothes.  
"I don't understand," I said.
"Ah, yes... perfect!" She said pulling a hangar out of the wall with a digital image of a long purple dress that transformed into real clothing once it was out of the closet.  My jaw dropped.  She placed the dress in front of me.
"You will look amazing in this dress.  I am sure that Prince Brok will be pleased," Krimla said.
"I don't understand.  Why do I have to wear a dress?" I asked.
"Prince Brok has invited you to lunch," Krimla said.
"Lunch?  He's invited me to lunch?" I asked with disbelief. 
"Yes," Krimla answered, but she didn't seem to notice my dissatisfaction because she answered with joviality.
"I can't have lunch.  I won't.  Not with him.  He's nothing but... but..."  Krimla shook her head.
"Oh no Anabella, you cannot reject the Prince's invitation.  You must have lunch with him.  It is imperative that you follow the Prince's rules."
"After he abducted me and took me away from my planet?  Now I have to act like if everything is okay?  I should be dead on Earth!  I should be dead!"
"Shush.  Be quiet and do not speak nonsense.  Nothing happens without a reason and events do not unfold randomly.  If you are here it's because you are destined to be here.  You can not deny the destiny that awaits you," Krimla said.
"But I can change it!" I cried.
"You are bound by the Kingdom's established rules and the breaking of them will bring gloomy consequences.  If you don't wish to eat you don't have to."
"I don't have to use a dress either," I mumbled out loud and crossed my arms.
"No, but you have to accompany Prince Brok to lunch," Krimla said.
"I don't want to."
"It doesn't matter what you want or don't want.  When the Prince of Sha requests your presence, it is your duty to appear.  You have a few minutes to calm down.  I will leave you here, but I will return when the Prince has arrived.  I am sorry for what has happened to you, but changes are inevitable and I suggest that you adapt to them if you want to survive," Krimla said opening the door.
"What do you mean?" I blurted out loud, but Krimla left before she could hear me ask.

Chapter Nineteen
Warning:
I want to leave this note before you read on.  This chapter has strong content because it is highly sensitive due to it's intense emotional scene.  In this chapter I wrote about Anabella's last memory with her dying mother, who as you know if you've read the previous chapters, died of cancer.  If you feel that this subject is too strong for you please scroll all the way down where I will leave a brief summary in an Author's Note with a brief summary.  My intention isn't to hurt anyone and this is a fictitious work.  Any resemblance to reality is purely coincidental.  Thank you.
*************************************************************************
I gazed upon the room and although it seemed fresh and clean it was empty to me.  I approached the sheetless bed and I sat there for a moment.  My mind drifted back into the memory of my father being dragged away from me by Rox.  Tears streamed down my face.  The last shadow of Brian lingered in my thoughts.  He lay quiet on the grass. His eyelids were closed, his pale face motionless and his short dark hair in place.  I remembered bending down and checking his pulse.  He was alive back then.  Twenty two thousand years ago he was alive.  More silent tears that broke me still streamed down my cheeks.  I had felt him alive a few hours ago.  How could he be gone now and how could now be twenty two thousand years later?  It didn't make sense to me, yet this was my reality.
Maybe I deserved this and everything that had happened to me after my mother's death, I thought.  Memories of my dying mother came to haunt me as I laid on the sheetless bed.  I closed my eyes as tears streamed down my face.
"Anabella, please come here.  I need to talk to you," she said.  I approached the hospital bed where she lay with her hospital gown that covered her bony body.  I was so annoyed with what was going on, but at the same time so scared that I approached the bed.  My mom grabbed my hand and smiled a weak smile for me.  I didn't know it at the time, but years later I realized how much courage and strength it really took for her to do that.  Her smile wasn't meant to save herself, but to save me.  I still remember that moment like yesterday and there is nothing that can ever take that memory away from me.  I remembered that her hands were pale, more than usual and her lips cracked.  Her bald head shone like a shield because there she was battling to continue to be my mother, even though the battle was almost lost.  
"Anabella, my sweet Anabella," she said and kissed my hand.  Heavy tears streamed down my face.  My mother shook her pale face as best as she could because that day she barely had any strength left.  Her movements were slow and her voice was raspy and low.  My mother shook her head.
"Oh no honey.  This is not goodbye.  This is see you later.  I'm not going to leave you ever.  I will always be a part of you and one day..." she told me with deep gasps.  More silent tears streamed down my face.  I wiped them with the back of my hand and snuffled.  I just didn't want to accept that she was leaving me.  It was just an anomaly for me and I could not understand why my mother would leave me when I needed her so much.
"Mom, please don't go," I said making things very difficult for her.  She however, had been a true champion.
"Listen to me Anabella.  I don't want to go, but it's my time.  I will go because it's my duty to go, but one day we will see each other again and when we meet again I want you to talk to me and tell me everything you've done because I'm sure that you'll do so many things that I'll need to catch up with you," she said to me and I couldn't take it anymore. 
"Anabella, please don't cry, please.  I will always be here."
"But you won't mom!  You won't be here.  You'll be...  I don't want this.  I don't want this!" I shouted desperate as a child would do.  If I could turn back the clock I would have reacted differently.  I would have told her how good she was to me and how much I loved her and that I would always love her and miss her, but that didn't happen.  
"Neither do I Anabella, but it's not in my hands anymore."
"Can't the doctors do something?" I complained annoyed.
"No they can't.  They have done everything they can."
"Then why don't you get better?"
"Because I can't Anabella.  I've done everything I can and I just can't."
"Then you're not doing enough!"
"I did everything Anabella.  I'm sorry," she replied
"I hate you!  I hate you so much!"
"Don't say that.  I know that's not true," my mom said with red eyes.  I didn't know then, but she held her tears in for me.
"It's true!  If you leave me I will always hate you!  You're being so selfish!  Then why don't you just leave then already," I shouted from the top of my lungs and trotted out of the hospital room angered with red hot cheeks and crying.
"Anabella I will never believe that, do you hear me?  I will never believe that you hate me, never because I know you're lying!  I love you," I heard her shout, but I ignored her and left.  I was filled with an uncontrollable rage and I couldn't face her again.  Then that evening my father went to the hospital, visited her and on April 29,   she had died.  I was devastated and completely destroyed with the news.  I remember I had thrown up in the bathroom and screamed to the point that I had a nervous breakdown.  I was unable to attend the funeral due to my nerves and I had to go to therapy.  After a year I had more or less forgave myself and accepted the fact that I was going through a denial phase, but I could never forgive myself completely and what I had said would haunt me forever.  I never should have said that to her.  I should have told her the truth.  She left this world having that last memory of me and there was nothing I could do to wipe that sin away from me.  I would always carry with me that heavy load.  She had died and instead of telling her how much I really loved her and that I would miss her forever I lashed out and left a huge scar that was way too deep.  I wept as my mind ran in circles with the words running through my mind; mom I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.  I loved her so much, I loved her still, right now in this very room and that same feeling of impotency I had felt back then had entered the very fibers of my being in this moment of hopelessness. I shivered all over.
"Mom!  I need you so much!  Please," I mumbled in my bed feeling the lethargy of my situation.  I thought that if I was in another planet far away from Earth then maybe she was closer and could hear me call her.  I cried and cried until I couldn't bare the pain anymore.  I fell asleep with tears in my eyelids.  
*******************************************************
I was walking towards an empty park and saw a swing rocking by itself.  I thought it was strange, because it wasn't windy.  Trees were nearly everywhere and the very gentle breeze smelled good, like honey.  I walked towards the swing and sat down on it and swung myself for a while.  My legs went straight up as I played in the swing and the wind ruffled my hair and the sun was warm and it brushed my face and I liked it.  
"I wish somebody could push me," I remarked.
"Sure, I'll push," I heard.  I sprinted up from the swing, turned around and I saw my mother.  She was beautiful and she wore a white printed dress with blue flowers.  Her lips were red, her cheeks chubby and rosy and her hair was long and healthy.  I could barely believe it.
"Mom?"
"Yes girlie, that's me.  Now are you going to let me push or not?" She asked.  I sat back on the swing and she pushed me from behind.
"I love you mom," I told her.
"I know Anabella.  Believe me, I know."


Chapter Twenty
"Anabella, Anabella."
I heard my name on someone else's voice and I rubbed my droopy eyelids and opened my eyes. It was Krimla.
"Anabella, the Prince of Sha is here and you fell asleep. Come," Krimla said. Her tentacle hair twirled in the air. I sat up and realized that I still had my shoes on. I looked at the bedside table and gazed upon the red rose. It was still there, beautiful and bright. I stood up and followed Krimla out of the dark stony room with the usual purple holograms all over the walls. Krimla walked quickly with her long legs and tentacle shaped toes and I had to jog behind her to keep up. We walked the long and wide hallways with haste. It was inevitable for me to feel the shivers that swept my whole body. I wasn't sweating, but I trembled with nervousness.
"Try to calm down, everything will be alright," Krimla said.
"How do you-"
"I can perceive emotions," Krimla answered.
"Can you perceive all emotions?" Krimla asked.
"Yes. I usually block this perception though because emotions can be quite unstable. I don't like tuning in, but your emotions are too strong and I can feel them interrupting me. I can assure you that the master will not harm you. If he would have wanted to do so, he already would have," Krimla said. I was still nervous, but I needed to hear those words. My heartbeat slowed.
"Now when you go into the dining room you must bow to the master. You must not speak until you are spoken to," She instructed me and I nodded. We walked down the stairway and passed what seemed to be some sort of a living room, but I wasn't really quite sure what it was. Krimla stopped at the foot of the door. She looked at me and smiled gently.
"Well Anabella, the master awaits," She said and I nodded. I entered the dining room. It was like nothing I had ever seen. Unlike most of the hallways and rooms, this place had glass walls and I could see the purple water and all sorts of strange creatures of red, gold and green swimming around. There was a dark, long rectangular shaped table. The dark chairs had a black backplate with pilars on its crest rail.  
I scanned the room, looking for Prince Brok.  I saw him in a shaded corner, silent and waiting.  His gold eyes shimmered in the darkness.  I forcefully bowed at him quietly and with distaste and then I walked towards the chair that had a triangle shaped plate, with strange food on it and the purple water placed in the glass.  I wished for regular Earth water instead.  I stared at the food without touching a single utensil.  I placed my hands on my lap disgusted and I didn't want to eat in front of him while he watched me like a stalker.
"Why have you not eaten the food?  You can eat it," Prince Brok said.  I could hardly answer.  I had to hold my own inner temper.  I was screaming inside like a crazy rock and roll fan.  I was so scared, sad and mad, that I really needed a moment to calm my inner demons.
"Well?  Why haven't you eaten?  Are you too good for the food I provide?"
"I'm not hungry," I replied dryly.
"I don't care.  You will eat.  You will eat now," the prince replied.
"I can't.  Why have you brought me here?" I asked.
"Because you offered yourself to me.  Did you not forget?"
"I mean, why am I now your guest and not your slave?" I asked abruptly.  The prince moved from the shadows and walked towards me.  He was tall and his dark long hair was loose and it reached his hips.  He wore a dark long jacket and boots.  His features were fearless and cold.   I wanted nothing to do with him. 
"I do not have to answer to you.  I do what I want."
"So do I.  It's called freedom.  I am no longer your slave."
"You are under my protection and my house.  Would you like to know what would happen to you if you decided to abandon this house?" He grumbled with a roar.  I swallowed and shivered all over.  What did he mean?  I didn't understand, but I wasn't sure if I wanted to know the answer to that question.  I simply shook my head believing it was enough for the conversation.  The prince approached me even further and invaded my private space.  He leaned towards me in the most disturbing manner and I could feel his breath on me.  I leaned back on my chair, eyes wide open and terror swirled in my throat and tongue.  I felt it dry.
"Inimical Destruction," he said breathing on me.  My jaw half dropped.  My heart pounded at the nearness of him.  I was so afraid I could hardly move in the chair. 
"Are you going to kill me?" I barely whispered.  The prince sneered with a bad attitude and that made me more uncomfortable.  He never answered my question.
"I gave you an order!" He roared and banged his hand on the table.  I shrieked and jolted on my chair.  My fingers trembled as my hand slid over the table and I nervously grabbed the strange looking fork.  It had only two tines.  
"Eat!" The prince shouted again at my face.  The food in front of me looked disgusting, like a pile of dead worms and dirty mud.  I shook my head frightened and cried.
"Please don't make me eat this," I begged.
"Why?"  He asked.  I shook my head.
"Why?" He insisted and roared.  Tears streamed down my cheeks and I shook my head again and closed my eyes desperate to leave this place.
"Because it looks disgusting," I uttered quickly.
"I must look disgusting to you too... You don't judge what you don't know!  Now eat it!" The beast roared.  My hand trembled as I placed the fork inside the disgusting looking worms.  I could barely hold the fork still and I grabbed whatever the food was with my fork and opened my mouth to pitch it in.  The food went into my mouth, touched my tongue and I realized that it wasn't so bad.  I chewed.
"You see?" He asked as tears rolled over my cheeks.  I had never been so frightened before in my life.
"You will come here every day at the second noon and at fourth seven."
"What does that mean?" I whispered.
"Krimla will tell you, if not, Rox will be of assistance," -the prince said and then he went on- "You are eating Lamcha.  It is a wheat that the Sha farmers grow for me.  It is the finest in the Capital.  Do you like it?" He asked.  I nodded afraid.
"I knew you would find the taste satisfactory.  I studied humanity's consumption habits, some are very disturbing, others not so bad, but not impressive.  That food that you are digesting has every single mineral, vitamin and protein your body needs.  At dinner you will receive all of the calcius, fiber and carbs you will ever need," the prince said as I slowly tried to ingest the food.  It really wasn't that bad, it had a rare sweet taste of a combination in between strawberry and grape, but I was so nervous I barely had the nerves to eat.  I felt the air in my nostrils grow cold and I could barely stop the trembling fingers as I grasped the fork in my hand.  I placed it on a napkin next to the triangular shaped dish and grabbed the glass that was filled with the purple colored water.  I sipped and greeted the fresh taste in my lips.  It helped me calm my nerves as Prince Brok stood a few paces in front me.   He glanced at me quietly.  Placed his hand on his strong chin.  
From time to time I gazed at him suspiciously, but he barely moved.  His eyes were on me as a hawk.  I ate and drank the water beside my plate.  I couldn't eat the whole meal because I was too nervous and I had to leave most of it as my stomach churned.  I placed the strange fork next to the plate, wiped my lips with a napkin and placed it beside the plate.
"Aren't you hungry?" Prince Brok asked me.  He walked towards me as I answered.
"I'm full... thank... you," I said.  The prince invaded my space and I felt his warm breath on my cheek.  He made me feel uncomfortable as he moved his face.  His eyes studied my bone structure, my facial features and my hair.  I trembled under his breath.
"Why aren't your parents here?" I mumbled.  He stepped back.
"My parents?"
"Yes.  Rox said that your parents-"
"You can leave now!" the prince roared interrupting me.  
"I'm sorry.  I'm just trying to understand," I said.
"I don't need your understanding!  Get out!  Now!" The prince roared showing his fangs and then he banged the table with his hand.  Black, blade like nails scratched the table leaving thin, long scraping markings on it.  I jerked back and urgently got up from the chair and headed for the door.
"You really are a beast!" I shrieked as I ran away from that hideous alien.  

Chapter Twenty-One
Cold tears streamed down my hot cheeks as I fled the dining area.  I passed many different rooms and corridors with haste.  I ran breathless until my legs were worn.  I stopped as my chest went up and down.  I felt my lungs were about to explode and the pain in my heart was unbearable.  I heaved, held on to the wall and fell on my knees.
"Anabella Torres?" I looked over my shoulder.  
"Rox," I gasped.  Rox stretched his hand to me.  I grabbed it and he pulled me up.
"That is my name.  You are Anabella Torres," Rox replied.  I half smiled.
"Yes, I know.  I was just surprised to see you here," I said.
"So am I.  I thought that you would be having lunch with the prince," Rox said.  I shook my head.
"That monster?  How can you call him a prince?" I asked.
"Because he is a prince," Rox said.  I paced slowly and realized that there was a door at the end of the corridor.
"Where does that door lead me?" I asked.
"To the back gardens.  Would you like a tour?" Rox asked.
"I would like anything that would take my mind off of that... prince," I spat out loud.
"Then follow me," Rox said.  I grabbed his metallic hand and let him lead the way.  He opened the door and outside we were greeted with a purple sky where I could see a planet with rings, and a nearby constellation.
"How could such a horrible creature live in such a beautiful place?" I asked.  It was meant to be a rhetorical question, but Rox answered regardless.
"Horrible creatures are entitled to enjoy beautiful places too." I shrugged my shoulders and smiled drily.
"I guess so," I replied.  Rox pressed his metallic, cold finger below my eyelashes and touched my tear drop.
"Why are you crying?" Rox asked me.  I shoved his hand away.
"Because... do I really have to explain?" I replied.  Rox looked at me with his two blue, lights.  Sometimes I forgot that he was a robot, he seemed so alive.
"Rox... can I ask you a question about the prince?"
"It depends on the nature of your question.  Ask and I shall respond to the best of my abilities," Rox said.
"I wanted to know more about that Satmani condition..."
"You mean the Pstanktimi condition.  I am forbidden to discuss it with you," Rox said.
"But I don't understand the condition itself," I replied quickly.
"The condition is an emotional illness where lack of empathy exists n the patient.  Twenty five percent of the Sha population suffer it, but can be easily cured by love.  However, the Pstanktimi condition has four stages.  By the third stage it is nearly impossible to be cured and by the fourth stage it is completely impossible to recover and the patient must either submit his consciousness into a robotic anatomy with controled programming or die.  Most are able to find a cure by as far as the second stage, but those who cannot must endure tranfusion of conciousness or death to terminate the illness," Rox said.  The wind brushed my hair and I combed it back with my fingers.
"So in what stage is Brok?  Is he like already in the third stage?" I asked.
"I cannot discuss his condition with you," Rox said.  I panted frustrated.
"I just want to understand what's going on with him.  He's so... evil," I mumbled out that last word afraid of voicing it out loud.  My hands shook a little, but I decided to ignore my shivers and simply rubbed my hands on the sides of my thighs.
"Anabella you don't even know the master.  Evil is a strong word," Rox replied.
"That's what he is."
"I know him and I can assure you that he is not evil.  He is in pain and you might be the only one to help him," Rox said.
"Help him?  How can I possibly help him when every time I try to ask him about it, he shuts me out?  Besides, if anybody should be mad, it should be me.  He kidnapped me.  He took me away from my planet, my home, my family and my entire life and for what?"
"I cannot answer those questions Anabella.  Only the master can answer those questions.  I am here to provide you with any services or requests that you may ask.  You wanted a tour of the gardens and I can provide that service for you."
"Can I request to go back to Earth?" I asked.
"No.  I have been programmed to ignore that request without hesitation."
"Can I request transport to leave this place or to go stay somewhere else?" I asked.
"Those requests are denied," Rox replied.
"Don't you feel anything?" I asked.  Rox moved his head sideways like a little puppy and stared at me with his blue lights.  His white robe ruffled as the wind blew gently and he looked at me for a while.
"My feelings are irrelevant.  I am programmed to obey my master at all times," Rox replied.
"Yeah, I imagined.  Just take me back into my room please," I said.
"Yes, Miss Torres, come right this way," he said leading the way back into the castle.  We walked the hallways, the stairs and then the corridors where I returned to my room.
"If you need any accommodations, please let me know," Rox said.  I nodded and closed the door as Rox left.  I didn't feel like doing anything.  I felt numb.  I laid my body in bed and rested my head on the hard mattress.  The only thing I loved about the room was the red rose next to my bed.  I looked at it until my eyelids grew heavy.  Then the rose blurred and I fell into a deep sleep.
**************************************************************
I woke up without knowing what time it was or where I was for a moment.  Everything surrounding me was dark until I sat down on the bed, my two bare feet high, but trying to touch the floor.  Purple holograms all over the walls lit up and I knew where I was again.  It really wasn't a bad dream, it was actually real.  I was really in the planet Sha, held captive by an evil prince called Brok.  I slouched a bit and slid from the bed.  My feet touched the floor.  It felt smooshy so I checked my feet to see if I had stood on something, but there was no stain on me, so the floors were simply like that.  What a strange world this was.  I approached the door, opened it just a bit to have a lined view, but I couldn't see anyone passing by the hallways.  I opened it a little bit more and halfway through I realized that the castle was empty, or at least over here at my zone it was ghostlike.  I crept out of my door looking left and right, just in case, but there was nothing.  It was quiet.  Slowly, I paced through the hallways and as I did the purple lights of the holograms would come to life, but would just as fast go off when I passed by them.  They only seemed to turn on by motion.  I held on to the stair rails and slowly walked down.  As I was halfway through the stairs I heard whispers and for a moment I froze. Shit.  My heart pounded a bit, but the whispering continued so I hadn't been detected by the moment.  Who were they and what were they talking about I wondered.  I walked as quietly as I possibly could down the rest of the stairs and tipped my way towards the voices.  I heard the voice of a woman.  It was Krimla.
"We can't allow him Pundok... if we do it's all over," Krimla said.
"Most of the Senate is already convinced, even his parents are halfway convinced.  However, we still need three more votes." another one said, but I didn't recognize his voice. 
"Shuttu and Balon will not give you those votes.  Tamil has openly expressed his loyalty.  Maybe Shakaal," Krimla said. I wondered what in God's name were they talking about so I leaned closer to hear what they were saying, but as I did the purple light of the holograms betrayed me.
"Leave quick, someone is there," Krimla whispered.
"Rox, maybe?" the voice said, but Krimla didn't answer.  I just heard a rush of footsteps and I raced out of that hallway.  The purple lights lit everytime I passed and I grew anxious at every turn.
"Who is there?  Is that you Rox?" Krimla asked.  I ran as quickly as I could and stopped at the sight of a door.  I had no idea of how to open it, but I began to press and press all sorts of buttons that appeared on the hologram until finally I was able to open it.  I fell on the floor heaving as I heard Krimla's voice.
"I just want to know what you heard!" She said.  The door automatically shut and Krimla was out of sight.  I closed and opened my eyes relieved that I hadn't been caught eavesdropping on a conversation that seemed to be private.  I didn't know what they were talking about anyway.  All I knew was that I had gotten up from bed to explore the castle.  I didn't know how, but I was already planning something in the back of my mind.  I was planning an escape. 

Chapter Twenty-Two
I waited in the dark room, heaving nervously.  I barely moved from where I was nor did I wonder within the area.  I waited until I thought I had spent enough time in there.  I opened the door in front of me, but in that moment, I heard a strange rattling sound.
"What is that?" I wondered.  I turned around and was about to scream, but I couldn't scream. Huge tentacles grabbed me.  One of them hugged my back and twirled it's slithering discusting gooey tentacle around my waist.  Another one slobbered all around my head and mouth.  I pulled the tentacle with all of my strength, but I could barely remove it away from myself and then I felt a strong tug and an instant pull.  Immediately I was next to a slobbering creature with a humongous head the shape of an egg that moved and seemed as soft as a piece of jello.  An oval shaped dark eye pierced at me and a lot of growling came out of it, but I didn't understand.  The growling became intense as I tried to get it off me.  The hairs of my arms rose like a porcupine's and my heart beat fast.  When I didn't know what else to try I hard bit into the tentacle and the creature finally let me loose. I turned around and was about to take a run for it, but something stopped me.  His lime green head glowed.  I didn't know why but I felt like if it was somehow very sad and crying.  Slowly I paced towards him with my hands at my sides.  The sides of my jaw and chin were covered in gooey slime.  My heart raced and my breath grew heavy, but I didn't have the heart to turn around.  I wanted to comfort it, however I could.
"What are you doing in here!" I heard a voice and tilted.  It was the prince.
"I was... I was..."  The prince walked towards me and grabbed my arm with force.
"That hurts," I said as he pulled me out of the room.  I tilted my head to look back at the creature and I didn't fear him anymore.  I had realized that there was only one person to fear, the person who was yanking me away.  If he could even be called a person.  To me he was nothing, but a beast.  The prince pulled me aside and then he closed and locked the door.
"I forbid you to go into that room again."  
"I saw something like that in the ship.  What is that thing?" I asked.  The prince turned his head to look at me.  His deep yellow eyes pierced me and they felt so unnatural I was still afraid.
"A Kron," he grumbled.
"A what?"
"Why were you in there?" Brok asked me.  I didn't expect this question.
"I was lost," I lied.
"I might have known.  You have been sleeping many hours.  It is only natural for you to no longer feel the need of sleep," the prince said.  I didn't respond.
"Anabella... may I ask..." he said hesitating.
"What?" I asked.  The prince shook his head.
"Never mind.  I don't want to see you in here again," he said and turned around to leave me, but I wondered what he wanted to ask me so I followed him.
"What did you want to ask me?" I insisted.  He turned around to look at me.
"Are you alright?" He said.  I nodded.
"Yes, why?" I questioned.
"I am your master and I have the authority to ask of you whatever I want.  Now return to your room.  I want no more incidents in this castle.  We will talk tomorrow," he said pointing forward.  I frowned and crossed my arms, but Prince Brok would not move.
"Did you hear what I said?  I told you to go to your room.  We will talk tomorrow.  Are you humans so intellectually inferior that you cannot understand a demand upon request? I said go to your room!" He roared.   I marched along and then in front of him completely annoyed at his cruel and foolish remarks.  I hated him so much I could hardly stand him.  From time to time I tilted my head and I would catch him looking at me with a frown.   
"Stop looking at me," the prince mumbled.
"Why?"
"Because I demand it!" The prince roared.  I tilted around and didn't look at him again.  I didn't want to look at him right now.  I couldn't even stand him anymore.
"Why did you kidnap me?"
"I did not kidnap you.  You exchanged your life for the life of your father.  Your ignorance abhors me," the prince said.
"I've had enough of your insults!"
"And I've certainly had enough of your incompetence.  Do not speak to me," The prince argued and I answered back.
"I certainly won't."  The prince roared, then he grabbed me and pressed me to the wall.  Purple lights lit behind me as he grabbed my wrists up.  We stared at each other and for the first time I saw some very thin white lines on his face.  They were so thin I hadn't seen them from a distance, but now close to him like this I could see they were scars.  I looked under his long black eyebrows and into his deep yellow eyes.  I recognized the signs of weariness and distress.  He carried the burden of pain.
"I apologize.  Please forgive me," he said.  I felt a heavy load on myself, like if his life depended on my forgiveness.  I swallowed hard and then I nodded.
"Okay," I replied mumbling.  The prince let me go.  I had to rub my wrists because his hands had been firmly tight on them.  He stared at me again.  I stared at his facial features.  He seemed almost human until I glimpsed his eyes.  He breathed on me and then he paced backwards a bit giving me my space back.
"Thank you." he said and then he left.  As he walked away, purple lights of lit the walls.  His long hair tousled and his cloak ruffled at the bottom.  His boots didn't bang as heavily as I thought they would and his hands were formed as fists at his sides of his hips.  He was a large being, but still I could see him disappear in the distance until he was gone.  My heart still pounded hard as I remembered his breath on me.  As I walked into my room my legs shook, but the shaking did not last.  Halfway to my room the trembling stopped.  Purple motion lights turned on and off in the walls every time I moved and soon I was used to it.  Arriving at my door I heard footsteps and turned my head.  A purple light was on from afar, but there was nobody there.  I opened my door pressing the hologram buttons that appeared in front of it.  The door slid open and I entered.  I had to take off the gooey slime that was all over my body.     

Chapter Twenty-Three
I took off my clothes and entered the bathroom.  It was a recognizable room with a faucet and a dark, square shaped tub.  I didn't see the handles in the tub and I wondered how to open it.  I passed my hand inside of the tub, but didn't find a way to open it, so I slid it upwards to the dark, rocky looking walls until a hologram popped up.  I didn't understand most of the symbols.
"I don't understand what this means," I complained.
"English," I heard a computer voice say.
"What?" I asked, but I saw the symbols in front of me transform into words that I could finally read and understand.  My jaw dropped.  I couldn't believe it.  The words on, off appeared.
"You can hear me?" I wondered.
"Yes Anabella Torres.  I am your intelligent room service.  I know four million five, hundred and two languages that are throughout the universe," the computer said.
"Awesome," I mumbled out.  Then I pressed the hologram button with the word "on" printed on it.  Purple water came out of the horizontal tub spout.  I touched it with my hand.  It was cold.
"This is too cold.  Could you heat it?" I asked the computer, but I was looking at the wall.
"Lishktank heated," the computer replied.  I burnt my hand and took it out of there immediately.
"Ouch!  It's too hot.  Could the Lishktank please be warm?" I asked, but there was no reply.  I placed my hand under the purple water and felt it's temperature to be bearable.  I slipped in the square shaped tub and sat against the corner of it.  Then I placed my feet under the running water and felt the water massage my toes.  The purple water splashed all over my feet and sideways as the tub filled up.  I felt a little strange that I was under purple water at first.  The color made me homesick.  It just made me feel alien in this world and I missed what was transparent water.  It felt like water, but it was actually Lishktank, it wasn't really water, at least not like the planet Earth's water.  I missed green trees and grass.  I missed my friends and my family.  
The tub was filling up and I wondered if it was good idea to just let myself go.  I sunk my head  inside of the purple warm water.  My brown and blonde dirty hair floated.  I held my nose and closed my eyes for a moment.  There was nothing but darkness and spaces of shadows all over my sight.  Nothing came out of my body.  I couldn't hear anything with my ears drowned inside the heavy water.  For a moment it was all peaceful, but it didn't last long.  Soon I felt asfixiated and although I wanted to stay below surface for a few more minutes, instinct overtook me and I had to sit up.  I heaved intensely, one, two, three, four and five seconds had passed and still I heaved a bit more, but the intensity desisted.  I rubbed my eyes gently and passed my fingers over my wet hair.  I looked at the wall in front of me.  Nothing had changed.  
I got out of the water realizing that I just couldn't enjoy myself in this moment and I wrapped a towel around my body.  For a strange second a feeling that I was being watched had crept over me and I had held the towel tight around myself.  
"I'm just delusional," I said to myself and I headed back into the bedroom.  It was weird to walk on the gushy floor although no slime or any kind of particles were really on me, it was almost like walking on jello.  I placed the towel next to my bed and I touched the walls where soon enough holograms of buttons began to show up.  There were so many words that it was just very confusing to me.  I decided to speak to the computer instead.
"Can you please hand me some Pjs?" I asked.  Then a bunch of letters P's and J's began to appear in front of me.
"No, no.  I want pajamas.  It's clothing for sleeping," I said.
"Pajamas, PJ's, sleeping wear," The computer replied and then a sexy negligee appeared in front of me.  I shook my head.
"No, no, something warm and comfortable," I said and the negligee disappeared.  In front of me appeared a long-sleeved pajama gown.
"Can it be in white?" I asked.
"As you request.  Please take your pajamas, PJ's or sleeping wear.  Sleep well," the computer said.  I took the holographic image and as I pulled the hanger, the image became real clothing.  Half of it was image and half of it was real as I pulled slowly.  What I was seeing was just unbelievable.  I pulled it out completely.  I was amazed to see how it fit.
"Thank you.  It fits," I said and I placed the pj's over my head and pulled it down towards my body.  I was going to ask for panties, but somehow I was a little embarrassed by it.
"Yes.  Your data has been integrated in our computer mainframe," the computer replied.
"It has?" I asked.
"Yes.  Your data has been installed by Prince Brok of Sha," it answered.  How could the prince know of my measurements?  I shook my head at the thought.  I didn't really want to know.
"Can you hand me... some underwear?" I asked and a pair of panties appeared in front of me.  I snatched them out of the holographic image quickly and I put them on.  Then I went back to bed.  It was strange because I had slept so much yet I was still so exhausted.  I guess that's what depression did to me.  It wore me out.
***************************************************************
"Get up Anabella!  Rise and shine," Krimla said to me.  I yawned heavily before I opened my eyes and I felt that my blankets were being yanked away from me.  I hurriedly covered myself pulling my pj's all the way to my thighs.  My pajamas didn't reach my knees though.
"Up Anabella!  Goodmorning," Krimla said to as I rubbed my eyes.  I stretched my arms upwards as she continued to talk.  Her purple tentacles seemed to be more alive today, they floated in the air and some of them touched her orange cheeks.
"You must get dressed and go to the dining room.  The prince is expecting you.  He seems to be in better mood today.  He told me is he is willing to wait for you."
"He said that?" I asked.  Krimla nodded.
"Yes and please wear something nice today.  It's such a lovely day,"- Krimla commented and went on. - "I prepared the bath for you, I hope you don't mind and I wonder... did you hear anyone walking around the house last night?"
"Me?  No.  Why?" I lied waiting for her response.
"Oh, for no reason.  I was in my room and thought I heard someone walking around, so I stood up, opened the door, but didn't see anyone in the hallway which is odd considering that the lights on the hallways always are on motion when I turn them on," she said.  I knew this was a lie, but I nodded my head and played along with it.
"Oh," I replied.
"Very well then.  I will let you prepare for your breakfast.  The prince has ordered something special for you," she said and left the room.  I bathed in the tub again, dressed and smelled my rose before I left.  I wore a black dress with printed red, white and blue roses. My hair was loose. I didn't know if it was considered nice or not and I didn't care.  If the prince wanted my company, then he would have to accept me for me.

Chapter Twenty-Four
I stared at the rose for a long moment.  It was the only thing that kept my sanity while I lived inside of these depressing walls.  Then, Krimla and I walked down the hall and towards the kitchen.  The holograms of the walls were lit and they usually changed in form.  I looked at them and felt homesick.  It was unavoidable when everything here was so different and alien.  It was all beautiful, I admit, but it was not natural to me.  I just wanted to see green leaves and blue skies.  I wanted to eat a real apple and maybe even see an annoying chicken for a change.  Yes, I was most definitely homesick.
We arrived at the front of the kitchen. Krimla opened the door for me.  I stared into her dark eyes and wondered about the conversation she had in this same kitchen and why was it such a secret?  She smiled at me.  All I could do was smile back at the moment.  I realized who cared what she was talking about with some guy I hardly knew as long as it didn't affect me.  I wasn't going to stay in this place anyway.  I was tired of all of the drama.  I didn't understand why I was a guest in this castle or a captive or whatever I was.  I was tired of it.  I just wanted to find a way to go back to my planet even if my family was gone.  It was still terrible for me, but at least on Earth I could somehow start over.
I walked in as the colorful creatures swam around the walls of the kitchen.  Most of them had squid or octopus’ characteristics or were lizard like.  None of them looked like true fish and although they were very beautiful I just wanted to see a fish for a change.
"Good morning," the prince said.  I looked at him awed.  He seemed different today.
"Good morning," I replied.
"I hope you like your breakfast," he said.  I nodded senseless and walked towards the table.  My eyes popped wide open when I saw the table I could hardly believe it.  My jaw dropped and I smiled.
"But how?" I asked surprised.
"It wasn't my idea, it was Rox," the prince said.  In front of me I had scrambled eggs with green peppers, tomatoes and onions, sausages, toast and slices of apples on another plate.  Instead of the strange silverware I saw a true authentic fork and in a glass beside it there was an orange liquid that looked like orange juice.  I was so shocked that I had to actually go to the cup and smell it to see if it was true.  Then I gulped a few and realized it was true.  A bouquet of roses was in the center of the table.  I could hardly believe it. 
"Well, if you don't like it I can take it back," the prince said.
"No," I replied and I sat down.  The took the first bite.  My God I was in heaven.  I never thought I'd eat any Earthly food ever again and this was just too amazing.  I enjoyed every single moment of it. 
“Mmm,” I mumbled as I chewed and sniffed the food.  
"I'm glad you like it," The prince said.
"Thank you," I replied with my mouth half full.  The prince walked towards a chair that was next to me and he sat down.  He stared at me as I ate and suddenly I felt guilty.  
"Would you like to taste it?" I asked.  He shook his head.
"No," he replied.
"Are you sure?  Really?"
"No thank you.  I already ate," he said and then he put his hands together and placed them under his chin.  I tried to eat slowly, but I was too excited and I sincerely  forgot about my manners.
"You look very beautiful today Anabella," the prince said.  I swallowed some of the tomato and onion I had in my mouth.
"Thank you," I said.
"Anabella, what would you do if I told you that I cleared my schedule today?" He asked.  At first the question shocked me and I really had to think hard about an answer before I gave it to him.  I wasn't really certain of his intentions with me.
"Why would you clear your schedule today?" I asked.
"I'm tired of doing the same thing over and over again.  I've been doing it since I was nine years old.  I know that I have a duty and responsibility to my planet and fellow Sha, but I need a distraction," he said.
"A distraction before you..." 
"Yes?" The prince asked.  I shook my head.
“Say it,” he insisted.  I gulped the piece of sausage before I could say anything.
“Oh, you know…”
“No.  I don’t,” he replied.  Did I really have to say it out loud?  Why was he so cold, even with his own person?  I didn’t understand.
“Yes?” He persisted.
“Your death sentence,” I finally said.
"I had a feeling about you.  I knew you were uncommon," he said.  I placed my eyes down for a moment.  I knew he meant to say that I was different from the rest of my kind, something that wasn't quite true.  I shook my head.
"No.  You're mistaken.  I'm not uncommon.  I'm more common than what you may actually think.  I'm not different or special.  I'm just like everybody else and I'm sorry if I gave you that impression.  If you think that I'm different from my fellow humans you're wrong."
"So, you are not special.  You are just like all the others?"
"You're wrong, we are special and yes I'm as special as the rest of them," I replied.  The prince studied me and for the first time he genuinely smiled.
"You are all special?  I doubt that, but I will give you the benefit of the doubt if it makes you happy."
"Yes, it would," I answered with a frown.  I was no longer as excited about breakfast as I had been before.  The prince certainly knew how to destroy a good time in five seconds.   
"Certainly, you protect your species.  That is something I can respect.  But now let's talk about other matters if you would allow it," the prince said.  I nodded and he talked on.
"Anabella, I would like to show you around my gardens today if you don't mind.  I know for a fact that you love roses.  I was thinking that if you'd like to have a section filled with roses I would gladly build it for you."
"That's okay.  You don't have to do that."
"I want to do it for you."
"Why?" 
"Because I want to make you happy."
"If you wanted to make me happy, you wouldn't have kidnapped me in the first place."
"And if you wouldn't have taken your father's place you wouldn't have been happy with that choice either."
"Why did you capture him in the first place?"
"Because your species is dangerous!"
"Dangerous?  This coming from a being without empathy?"
"You know nothing of me!" He roared and banged the table.  I jerked.  Then he stood up, grabbed the chair and launched it at the wall of glass.  There was a huge bang noise, but the glass didn't crack or shatter.  The chair however was split in two.
"Get out!  Get out of my sight!" He roared and I ran away from the kitchen.  I couldn't take it anymore.  I had enough.  I ran until I reached the huge front doors.  There I touched the door, but nothing happened.
"Right, the holograms," I thought to myself and I touched the walls.
"I want these doors to open, right now!" I ordered.
"Request denied."
"I can't stay in here forever," I said.
Then the doors suddenly opened and Rox was in front of me.  
"Hello," Rox said.  I didn't waste my time with him.  If I was leaving this castle, it had to be today, it had to be right now so I ran passed by him.  I didn't feel Rox follow me, but just to make sure I tilted my head from time to time to look back.  He just stood there with his long white robe just watching me so I didn't hesitate for one second to look back.  I just continued forward without knowing where I was heading or how to leave this place and go where exactly.  My legs just spread wide open and continued to run until I couldn't run anymore, until my feet were killing me.  Although I wore flat shoes, they weren't as comfortable as sneakers.  I took one of them off and rubbed the calluses that had already formed on them.  They were red and itched so I scratched, but I knew I couldn’t stay here for long.  I put on my shoe again and ran on.  The logs of the trees and the dirt was red.  The sky was brilliant purple and reptilian looking birds flew above and nested in the strange looking trees.  I was so tired of this world and its alien form that I just wanted to go back to Earth regardless of my personal situation, but as I ran I made a sudden stop.  A few feet across me were kimbrucks.  The kimbrucks had black horse shaped bodies, lion heads with black and white manes on their heads, huge tails with sphere shaped points on them and huge flat feet.  My first reaction was to be completely still.  I could hardly move anyway and my heart was faster than my entire body.  Breathing wasn’t the hard part.  The hard part was to keep my breath as silent as I could.  The kimbrucks hadn’t seen me yet.  Their tails and backs faced me and they seemed to be distracted by something.  Slowly and with trembling legs I paced backwards.  I never looked back though.  My full attention was directed towards the kimbrucks.  They growled having their heads on the ground.  At first it wasn’t clear to me, but then I realized that they were having a snack.  I didn’t know what they were eating, but a living creature, now dead was being devoured.  I stepped on a branch. Crack!  
The kimbrucks tilted their huge mane heads immediately.  Shit.  Red irises with blue cat like eyes stared directly at me.  Enormous, blazer like teeth sneered at me with dripping green blood.  I was going to die.

Chapter Twenty-Five
I felt that my heart was literally coming out of my body and every breath pained my chest.  
“Just keep on eating.  Don’t even worry about me,” I whispered as the kimbrucks growled.  Obviously, they didn’t understand what I was saying, but I thought that maybe if I whispered my wishes to them they would actually come true.  My whispers were ineffective.  As I paced backwards little by little I heard them growl.  I tried to walk away with a faster pace and they imitated my speed.  Holy shit.  I was going to die.  I ran as fast as I could.  I heard the foot prints behind me as tears streamed down my cheeks.  My heart boomed like thunder.  If the creatures didn’t kill me, my heart would.  I shouted.
“Help, help!”  The animals roared as high as I called for help.  I tripped over a red stone and turned around.  The beast was coming at me from the air.  I covered my face in fear waiting for death, but it didn’t happen.  I heard a loud thump.  The kimbruck lay beside me dead with his jaw and eyes wide open.  I screamed and scampered upwards to see the prince and Rox fighting the kimbrucks.  The prince was using a boomerang spin around the air and hit them.  Rox was using his hands to push them aside before the boomerang impacted the creatures.  Once the boomerang hit them they automatically fell to the ground.  More of them came to fight.
“Prince Brok!” I shouted panicked and the prince looked at me and was instantly shoved on the dirt with the huge foot of one of the kimbrucks.  The creature was now on top of him.  The kimbruck kicked him with his flat feet, but failed as the prince skillfully dodged his every kick.  The kimbruck tried to eat his head off, but the prince moved with haste and took cover.
As the creature would not let go of the prince I grabbed a rock nearby and launched it at the creature’s head.  Its hair waved in the air and his face tilted.  His huge mouth growled at me.  The kimbruck ignored the prince and was now crawling towards me with a huge roar.
“No!” I heard the prince shout behind it.  He scampered on all fours, crawled to it in a hurry and punched it on the leg.  The kimbruck tilted to attack him, but a boomerang came out of nowhere and slashed the creature’ head.
“Are you okay?” The prince asked me, but I was still in shock.  I couldn’t move, much less talk.  I breathed heavily and trembled all over.
“Anabella!”
“I’m okay,” I replied still shaky.  Out of the blue, the prince pushed me to the ground with force.  I fell sideways and hit my arm.  It hurt me bad enough to feel it’s sharpness.  
“Ouch,” I wailed rubbing it.  What the hell was wrong with him?  Did he save me to kill me, I thought, but then I realized that he had actually saved my life.  The prince was already fighting another kimbruck, but he was doing this with his bare hands.  I screamed as I saw the prince grabbing the blazer sharpened teeth of the creature.  For sure if he didn’t have a weapon he would be killed.  I looked back at Rox who fought three kimbrucks at the same time.  As they tried to attack me or the prince, Rox would punch them with his rough hands or attack them with his boomerang weapon, but where was the other one?  I scanned the forest and saw it on the floor.  I ran to grab it, but the prince was already wailing and screaming in pain.  The kimbruck was going to eat him up I thought and panicked.  I grabbed the weapon, but I cut my hand.  
“Ouch,” I complained and dropped it.  Red, blood oozed out.  How was I going to help if I didn’t even know how to use that damn thing I thought.
The prince screamed again.  I turned to look at him.  He was still fighting the same creature.  I wanted to call Rox, but he was already too busy disposing the other kimbrucks.  Prince Brok pushed and pulled the upper and bottom teeth.  I wasn’t sure at first what he was aiming at, but then I realized that he was trying to rip the mouth apart.  Could he really be that strong?  I didn’t know.  I wanted to grab a stick, a stone or anything to try to help him.  The kimbruck made force and I could see the veins on Brok’s arms and biceps.  He was truly making a lot of strength against the creature.  The creature fought to try to close and devour his arms, while Brok forced the jaw to remain open.  I grabbed a stone, ran towards them and hauled it at the creature.  The creature was momentarily distracted and angry.  Brok opened his jaws and did something I didn’t expect.  He bit the kimbruck in the side of his face and purple blood streamed down.  The kimbruck lost control.  Suddenly, the prince forced its jaw open.  A bone cracked.  I covered my eyes in utter terror as the kimbruck fell limp on the ground.  Then I covered my mouth in disbelief as I saw the prince with his mouth smeared in the purple blood of the kimbruck.  He roared furiously at the rest of the kimbrucks that surrounded him.  His golden eyes were now bloodshot with such hate I could hardly look at them myself without feeling some pulsing fear inside of me.  Three kimbrucks must have felt that same evil because they quickly ran away.  A dozen kimbrucks surrounding the grounds around us were now dead.  Brok looked at me with a heavy breathing.  The savage look on his face had fainted as quickly as it had appeared in front of the other kimbrucks.  His fury had dazed off, but I noticed that his arms and hands were covered in blue liquid.  I assumed it was blood.  His blood.
“You’re hurt,” I said.  Brok touched his bloody arm.  He growled in complaint and jerked his arm away from me.
“Are you hurt?” Brok asked me.  My shock had still been so overwhelming that if I had been hurt I wouldn’t have even felt it.  So, I looked at my arms and legs.  My feet and shoes were muddy red, I couldn’t see much of my dress, but I assumed that it was ruined.  However, I I was intact.
“I’m okay,” I replied.  Brok nodded.
“That’s all that matters.  Rox, get rid of them now,” Brok ordered.  Then he took off his shirt and cleaned his bloody mouth.  Surprisingly he had an amazing pack of abs and a broad chest that I didn’t expect.  If it wasn’t for his blue skin and strange eyes he could almost pass for human.  Almost.  
“Yes Master,” Rox answered.  After the prince washed his mouth, he kept his shirt in his hand.  I couldn’t help, but hesitate. 
“Thank you… for… saving my life,” I said.  Brok nodded.  He seemed very serious about the whole thing.
“You’re welcome.  Now let’s go home,” Brok replied.  I kept quiet and simply nodded.  In that moment, we both apologized without ever saying the words out loud.  There was just a silent agreement between us that only we understood.
As we returned to the house I still shook and needed to cross my arms to try to stop the shaking.  Brok walked next to me, shirtless I realized, but I ignored his huge chest.  I felt more concerned with his arms and biceps.  His blue blood oozed down and rolled to his hands onto the red mud and yellow grass.  I wondered if he even felt the pain.  He seemed to ignore it completely or maybe he actually didn’t feel pain at all.  I was uncertain.  He walked next to me so quietly that I could hardly hear him breathe.  
“Are you sure that you’re okay?” I asked again.  I didn’t know why the hell I was so worried about him, but I was.  
“I can walk home, if that is your concern,” he said gruffly.
“No, I mean your arms,” I said.
“They are attached,” he answered.
“Why do you have to be so mean all of the time?  I’m just asking you a question, can’t you answer it with a simple yes or no?” 
“Maybe I don’t like answering ridiculous questions,” Brok answered.
“Brok, please.  I’m trying to be nice to you.  Do you even know how to identify courtesy when you see it?  Apparently not,” I said.
“I don’t need your pity,” he spat out.
“Brok… it’s not pity.  I did feel sorry for you a little bit, but now I just don’t because you are such a jerk,” I said. 
“Good,” Brok snarled and then he glared at me and puffed angrily.  Gosh, I was so tired of arguing.  Why wouldn’t he tire of it himself?  It wasn’t enough to fight off a bunch of huge and hungry kimbrucks.  He had to continue to argue with me too.  I realized I was just going to have to compromise if I wanted to have some peace with him.  I backed off.
“Look Brok, I’m sorry,” I said.
“For what?”
“For running away,” I replied.  The prince shook his head.
“No.  You have nothing to apologize for.  I was the one who told you to leave the house,” he said and then he half laughed.  What?  Seriously I was beginning to wonder if he was bipolar or something.
“Now I don’t have to apologize?  That’s good to know,” I commented as he looked up at the purple sky.  He shook his head.
“I really thought that if you left the hurt would finally be over,” he said.  I frowned confused.
“The hurt?  What do you mean?” I asked.  
“Look at that,” he said pointing up to the sky.  I looked up and watched a golden giant bird fly by very close to us.  We both tilted and turned to look at the giant bird.  The bird was heading towards the kimbrucks.
“Rox, let it eat,” I heard the prince say.
“Yes, Master,” Rox replied.  I looked at him put away something, but what I didn’t know.
“That’s a humka.  It eats dead flesh.  I’m guessing it has a whole family of humkas to feed I’m sure,” Brok said.  I shook my head knowing that this was just a distraction.
“Brok what did you mean when you said that if I left the hurt would be over?” I asked a while later after we were walking back to the castle again.  Brok didn’t look at me.  Instead he placed his bloody shirt over one of his broad shoulders.
“Every time I see you I feel pain,” he finally answered after a long pause, but not once did his golden eyes gaze at me.  They seemed to be avoiding me even though I was in plain sight.  His eyes were focused on the castle.  
“You do?” I asked surprised.  I didn’t expect that at all.
“Yes,” he answered.
“Why?”  I wondered as we walked on.  I didn’t even know that my presence pained him and I wondered if there was some sort of biological factor that I was unaware of.  After all I was a human and Prince Brok was… well, something else.  Brok was silent for a moment.
“Truly, I do not know.  I thought that if you left the pain would leave me, but when you ran away it became unbearable,” the prince answered.
“What are you talking about?” I asked.  We arrived at the huge doors of the castle and they opened as soon as we were in front of them.  
“Oh Prince Brok!  What on Sha’s name has happened to you?  Your highness?” Krimla asked appalled.  
“I am fine Krimla, leave me,” the prince barked at her.  Krimla bowed, looked at me sharply and then she left the area.  If looks could kill, she would have killed me right there and then apparently.  That’s how sharp her stare was at me.  Anyway, I walked with Brok up the stairs and into a corridor.  He arrived at a door and opened it by punching the hologram buttons of the wall.  It slid sideways and we entered.  The prince touched more buttons and hurled the bloody shirt at the wall.  I didn’t know how else to explain it, but the wall swallowed the shirt.  
“Sit,” he ordered me with a low growl.  I saw a chair nearby and sat down.  He walked to the end of the room in a corner.  Then he punched more hologram buttons and pressed his arm on the wall.  Soon he began to shout.
“Oh, my God, what’s wrong?” I panicked getting up from the chair.
“Stay there,” he barked.  I sat back down in a hurry and waited as he wailed with pain.  He roared terribly, but not once did he leave the wall nor did I move.  Then he stopped.  He heaved heavily.   I waited as his golden eyes were focused on the floor.  He was looking for a distraction I was sure.  I couldn’t really do anything at the moment.  I didn’t know what to say.  I just stared back at him as he composed himself very slowly.  For a moment, I had forgotten about his cruelty and I was strangely looking at his huge chest, back and shoulders.  His abs were hardly pressed and for a moment I found myself admiring his physique.  What the hell was wrong with me?  I thought and decided to look elsewhere, but then he took off his ponytail and his long hair just ruffled.  I didn’t want to admit it to myself, but he looked absolutely amazing.  Certainly, he had the body of a royal.  As he found composure he didn’t seem so menacing or terrible now.  I didn’t fool myself though.  After seeing him rip that kimbruk’s jaws apart I knew that he was strong and menacing, but somehow I felt that he wasn’t a real threat to me or at least I hoped not.  
Why would he risk himself for me like that though?  I caused him pain when I was with him.  If I was such a burden to him, then why save me from being devoured?  He did say that when I left the pain became unbearable, but what did he mean by that?  If I stayed I hurt him, but if I left I made matters worse for him.  I didn’t understand why he saved me, but after seeing his deep wounds and cries I was thankful that he did.  He was so alien to me and I really tried to understand him, but maybe my humanity wouldn’t allow that to happen.  Maybe my perception of reality or something was just too limited.  I honestly didn’t know.  He was certainly a mystery to me.
“I’m sorry if this offends you, but I’m healing myself.   You can leave at any time if this disgusts you,” the prince said.
“I’m not going anywhere,” I answered.  The prince looked at me with his golden eyes in awe.  I was just as shocked.  I couldn’t believe I had just said that.  Did I really mean it anyway?  What the hell was wrong with me?  Here I was, a prisoner of the terrible Prince Brok from Sha and I was actually consenting with my kidnapper.  Was I going insane?  I didn’t know.  Maybe it was this mystery about him that didn’t allow me to think straight.  
I recalled the reason why I was thrown out of the kitchen in the first place and I had to admit that he had been right on both accounts.  I wouldn’t have been happy with leaving my dad here and humans really were a dangerous species, but why had I been so angry about that when I knew that it was true.  Because an outsider had said it, not a human, but an alien being I admitted to myself. 
 Still with all of his strength I doubted that any human could actually fight him off.  Not only was he a lot stronger, but he also had a technology that was beyond our own.  So yes, humans were dangerous, but I didn’t think he was that helpless either.  
He turned around and proceeded to do the same thing with the other arm.  He wailed in anguish.  I couldn’t really do anything, but wait and see him, his abs, his big shoulders and back.  Shit.  He was suffering and here I was looking at God knows what.  I was beginning to think that I was really losing my mind.  I gazed at the floor, but as he wailed I couldn’t help myself.  I had to look at him again.  Then the wailing stopped and he breathed heavily fighting the shock of the pain I supposed.
“The process has concluded,” he said.  I looked at his blue, chest, abs, strong arms and biceps.  The blue blood had smeared the part of the wall where he had placed his arms and he still had some on himself.
“You still have… some blood… there,” I said pointing at it.  I didn’t know why, but I just had to touch it.  I had to touch him.  I jerked quickly.  I didn’t understand why I wanted to touch him.  Was it curiosity?  Yes, of course.  He was an alien being.  I was obviously curious about him and how he felt.  He seemed to be extraordinarily warm.  He half laughed showing a bit of his fangs.  His fangs immediately pulled me back into reality.
“Oh, yes.  I must get washed,” he said.
“Maybe I could help,” I muttered out loud.  What in the heck did I just say?
“You want to help me get washed?” He asked.  
“No… I mean… not washed like… just your arms,” I stuttered like an idiot.
“Oh,” he said frowning for the first time.
“I need some cloth and water with soap,” I said.
“Sure, I will get them quickly, just stay here,” he said.  He left the room.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” I whispered out loud.  He came in quickly with what seemed to be a bowl of silver and a cloth of gold.
“Nothing that I know of,” he replied.  
“What?” I asked confused.
“You asked what the hell was wrong with me,” he said.  He had overheard me.  I was so embarrassed by it.
“Oh, no… I didn’t mean… wait a minute how could you possibly hear me?” I asked.
“The Sha have more acute hearing than humans,” he said.
“Oh,” I replied and then I continued on brushing off the embarrassing situation.  Luckily, he hadn’t realized that I had been talking to myself nor did he get offended by the question which was a miracle.
“You can sit down over there,” I said pointing towards the bed.  The prince walked towards his bed and I sat next to him.  Then I grabbed the cloth that he held in his hand and dipped it in the purple water.  I squeezed it as much as I could and then I pressed it on his arm.  The blue blood was washing off him.
“Thank you,” he said.  I smiled.
“Na, don’t worry about it,” I said.
“I don’t,” he answered.  I looked at him and for the first time he smiled at me.
Chapter Twenty-Six
Brok put on a new shirt.  It was the first time I saw him with a white shirt.  He looked really nice I thought.
“White looks nice on you,” I said as we walked out of his room.
“Just nice, huh?” he said annoyed.
“What’s wrong with looking nice?” I asked.
“I don’t want to look nice.  I want to look respectful,” he said angrily as we passed the hallway.
“Respectful?  What’s that supposed to mean?” 
“Are you telling me you don’t know the definition of respect?” He asked.
“No, of course I know what it means.  Yes, you look respectful.  You look very respectful.  Are you satisfied now?” I said.
“No.  I do not want you to satisfy me.”
“Then what do you want?” I asked giving up. 
“I want you to be honest with me.”
“I am honest.  I swear,” I said crossing my heart and placing then placing my crossed fingers up.  
“What is that gesture you are doing?  I do not understand that.  Explain,” he said.
“I cross my heart and hope to die,” I replied.
“Why would you hope to die?” he asked me.
“It’s just an expression.  I’m promising that I’m being honest,” I said.
“Then why not simply state that instead of hoping to die?” he asked so seriously that I had to shake my head and laugh.
“Why are you laughing?  What is so amusing?” he demanded and it just made me want to laugh some more, but I tried hard to control my giggling.   Finally, I had seen the stairs and I grabbed the handle as quickly as I could to try to avoid his stare.  I knew that if I looked at him now I would certainly laugh too much and make him feel bad and I didn’t want to make him feel bad.  For the first time in a while I was finally having some fun.
“Nothing,” I said shaking my head.  He immediately came after me and then walked next to me.  I gazed at him.  He looked at me with suspicion and frowned.  I had to look down at the stairs or something or I knew I’d burst into more laughter.
“I know that it is not nothing and that it is indeed something,” he said grumpily.  Finally, I was able to control myself.
“No, it’s nothing.  I promise Brok.  Prince Brok,” I corrected and he bowed at me as we reached the end of the stairs.
“Fine, but do not think that I believe you so easily.  I will discover why you laughed eventually,” he said and I nodded half smiling.
“Okay Brok.  I believe that you will, but what about me? I must look awful,” I said.
“That would be an impossibility for you,” he said.  I was awed at that answer and quite frankly embarrassed.  I didn’t know how to respond to that, so I decided not to.  We reached the first floor and passed what seemed to be the lobby and the living room, although it seemed to be a waiting room or some sort of thinking room.  I still didn’t understand the structure of the Sha castle, but I was sure that I would understand it eventually.  
We walked turning right where there was a huge hallway and the kitchen was entering the first door on the right, but we didn’t go in there.  I looked inside and saw Krimla wiping the table.  She glanced at my way scornfully before placing her attention back to the table.  What the hell was her problem anyway, I wondered.  I didn’t know what was up with her, but I knew that she was doing something strange, talking about something at night with somebody.  I tried to remember the person’s name, but I hadn’t paid too much attention to what she had been saying or to who.
“Well, these are the gardens,” Brok said.  I glanced out to the view and it was tremendous.  The gardens were fluffed with yellow bushes and shrubs, trees were everywhere and there was a huge fountain of a mermaid.
“I didn’t know you believed in mermaids?” I asked wondered by it.
“Mermaids?  Oh you mean, Pudosha,” he said.
“Pudosha?  That sounds like a bad foot decease that stinks or something,” I remarked, but he ignored me.
“Pudosha is the goddess of the sea.  She lives in the lipshtanka.  Those who have encountered her say that she seduces the males and while she kisses them she eats their tongues out,” he said.  My eyes popped wide open.  I couldn’t believe it.
“Are you serious?” I asked and for a moment there was a pause.
“Yes,” he said.
“Oh my God, that’s terrible, but has anybody ever…” I stopped.  Now he was laughing at me.
“What?  Are you making fun of me?” I asked and he shook his head laughing.
“What’s so funny?”
“It is only a legend of Sha you silly girl.  An old myth,” he said.
“Oh.  I knew that, I was just testing you,” I replied.
“You authentically believed it.  Do not lie to me,” he said.
“I’m not.  I was just testing you. Seriously,” I insisted.  He smiled.
“Why are you lying?  I know you believed it,” he said laughing.
“I did not.  Just leave me alone,” I said and he laughed harder.  I however tried not to laugh and formed a thin line with my lips.  Just like Brok didn’t understand the cross my heart expression I didn’t know Pudosha was just a myth.  Go figure.  I guess the expression the one that laughs last has the better laugh.  This was definitely the case. 
“Okay, I will not talk about it longer, but I do not wish to leave you alone.  I am having too much fun,” he said.
“Oh, at my expense is it?” I asked as we walked around the beautifully trimmed garden.  The rocks were huge though and the aspect foreign to me, but I could appreciate beauty even if it was unusual.
“Well, I must admit that today has been an exciting day.  First I was able to bring you Earth like food.  Then I battled kimbrucks with my bare hands-“
“You only battled one kimbruck with your bare hands,” I said.
“Yes, you saw only one kimbruck, but we will say that I battled four,” Brok said.
“Why would you lie about that?  Isn’t one enough?” I asked teasingly.
“No.  One is not enough.  If I want to show strength I must say that they were four, besides four is our sacred number.  It will bring me respect,” he said.
“You know Brok, sometimes one is better than more,” I answered.
“I disagree.  More is always better,” Brok said.
“Oh really?  So, if you have more headaches, scars or accidents, it’s better?” I replied.
“More tragedies teach you more lessons.  More headaches mean that you are busy, more scars teach you how to fight…”
“And as for more accidents?” I asked.
“Mean that there is a destiny,” he answered.  
“Hum…  I didn’t look at it that way before.  Are you a philosopher Prince Brok?” 
“No.  I am a ruler, a prince.”
“A politician.”
“Yes.”
“What about you Anabella?  What did you do when you lived on Earth?  Surely you must be a politician’s daughter?”
“Ha, ha, no thank goodness,” I said laughing.  
“I will ignore that remark because I am having so much fun with you,” he said.
“Oh, right, you were actually enumerating the things that made this day so fun for you,” I said.
“Yes, but I don’t have to enumerate them all because you were there.  I am interested in knowing your profession.  Surely you were someone very important,” he said.  I quickly shook my head and felt blue.  My eyes dropped to the floor.
“Are you sad?  You miss your profession?” He said.  I laughed nervously.
“Not really,” I replied.
“I am anxious to know what you did on Earth?  Were you a doctor?” He asked me.  
“No.  I was… a waitress and a cashier,” I said embarrassingly.  I felt so stupid the minute I said it.
“How thrilling.  You had two professions.  That is amazing.  Tell me, what were your tasks?  I am very curious,” he said.
“You are?  Why?” I asked.
“Because I am.  Please tell me,” he said as we walked.  I was silent for a moment.  I couldn’t believe he was excited about that.  I knew that once I explained what my tasks consisted his fascination would end abruptly.  Maybe it was better this way.
“Well… I had to serve food to people in a restaurant.  A diner actually.  Sort of like a servant,” I said.
“You were a servant?  A woman like you?  No, nonsense.  I do not believe you.  You want to make fun of me again,” he said.
“No Brok.  I was a servant,” I replied.  His expression changed a bit, but then he brushed it away.
“Okay, what about the casher job, that must be the exciting one, I’m sure,” he said.
“No, not really.  That one consisted in checking out merchandise,” I answered. 
“Those were your professions on Earth?  I cannot believe it,” he said almost scandalized.
“Well it’s true.  Now you know that I was just a dumb servant girl,” I replied.
“You are not dumb,” Brok answered.
“How do you know?”
“I’m talking with you now.”
“You don’t know me,” I spat back.
“I know that you are not dumb.  Servants are not dumb.  A person who serves others has courtesy and dignity.  I am sure you did your job well,” he said.
“Well… I guess so,” I said.  I felt a little defensive, but I was kind of relieved he felt that way about servants.  
“Thanks for that,” I said.
“For what?” Brok asked.
“For your kind words,” I answered.
“My words were not kind.  They were true.  However, I must tell you that here you will not be a servant, you will be served,” he said.  I didn’t say anything for a while.  I just glanced at the garden.  I touched a couple of shrubs and then for my surprise I saw the cutest creature I’ve ever seen in my life.  It was brown and fluffy.  It sort of looked like a seal with huge eyes, but with the body of a rabbit.  Unfortunately, it didn’t have long ears, but it had the cutest mustache and eyes ever.     
“What is that?” I asked.
“It’s a boon,” Brok answered. 
“Is it dangerous?” I asked.
“No.  It’s harmless,” Brok answered.  The boon was on the ground chewing on a spike shaped leaf that must have fallen on the ground.  The spikes here in this planet were harmless of course, they were elastic, fragile and chewable like the leaves of trees, in fact these spike shaped objects were actually the leaves of the trees, they were just shaped differently.  
“Can I go touch it?” I asked him.
“Yes, go,” he said.  I walked towards the boon.  It was the cutest thing I had ever seen.  It didn’t see me because it was very distracted with the leaves that were spike shaped.  I approached it by the back and suddenly I caught it in my hands.  The boon certainly moved like a rabbit.  It stretched its back legs and tried to scamper away from me, but I held it tight on its belly.
“Shush, don’t run away, I won’t hurt you.  I just wanted to pet you and say hi,” I said in my high-pitched pet voice.  Brok walked towards me with curiosity printed all over his face.
“Why are you talking to the boon?  It does not understand,” Brok said.  I laughed.
“I know that.  I just want to be friendly to it,” I said.
“Why?  It’s just a boon.  It won’t talk back,” Brok said.
“Humans tend to talk to their pets or defenseless animals,” I explained.
“Why?” Brok asked.  
“Because… I don’t know.  We just do it because we make them part of our family or want to be nice.  I really don’t know,” I replied.
“Humans certainly have strange customs,” he said.
“Yeah,” I answered and then I talked to the boon again. After some pet talk I said goodbye to it and let it go.
“Did you like that boon?” Brok asked me after I let it go.
“Yes,” I answered nodding.  Brok stared at me for a while and there was a silence between us.  I didn’t know for sure, but it felt like if there was a moment between us.  A moment that scared me and that I didn’t understand.  I interrupted it as soon as it felt awkward to me.
“Okay, so where will the rose garden be?” I asked suddenly.
“Follow me and I will take you there,” he said.  I followed him deeper into the garden.  There was a rock passage up front where I could hear the whooshing sounds of a spring.
“A spring?  Here?” I asked with wonder.
“Yes, right up front.  Would you like to go see it?”
“Yes, I would love to,” I said and ran up front.  Brok followed me running until we reached the spring.  Purple water streamed down it.  It was beautiful, but it unavoidably made me homesick.
“If only it was crystal clear,” I mumbled.
“What?” Brok asked.
“The spring,” I replied.
“Let us go to the area where I want to put your rose garden.  If you would please follow me up the stairway,” Brok said. 
“What?  The stairway?  What stairway?” I asked.  Brok pointed left with his finger.  I could hardly believe it.  There was actually a set of stairs made of stone and bamboo sticks.  
“That’s incredible,” I said.
“Come,” Brok said and I followed him up the stairs.  I could see the mountains, and at a far distance the kimbrucks which were amazing although I was no longer interested in seeing them up front and there were hundreds of little boons everywhere.  
“Wow and these creatures, they just roam free everywhere?” I asked.
“Yes,” Brok answered.
“But isn’t that dangerous to your civilians?” I asked.
“This is the capital.  Only the royal family, servants and the senate live here and all of them live indoors.  We have our Krostas that take us anywhere without fear of harm.  The cities are surrounded by tall walls.  The animals are not interested in trespassing,” he said as we walked up the spiral stoned steps.  We reached the top where there was an abandoned old terrace.
“This is the spot,” Brok said.
“Here?  Wow.  Brok this is… this is amazing,” I said.
“I’m glad that you like it,” he said and I was happy until I worried.
“What is wrong?  Why that face?” Brok asked.
“Are you sure this is a good idea?  I mean what if the roses affect the environment or something like that?” I asked.
“It won’t.  I think the roses will complement the garden.  They are wild, earthly and you like them.  That’s all that matters,” he said.
“Oh, well… yeah, complementing the garden is an important issue,” I mumbled.
“Yes and so is making your stay as pleasurable as possible.  I will begin to construct it here,” Brok said.
“I’d like to help,” I said.
“Yes.  I will allow it.  You will help.  Give me a moment,” Brok said and he took out a small device.
“Rox, bring me the rose seeds, the growth accelerator and a pair of gloves.  Anabella has decided to help in the making of the rose garden.  Anabella, what is your favorite color?” Brok asked.  I hadn’t thought about it before, but I pretty much liked the one that was in my room.
“Red,” I replied.
“Red it is.  Rox make sure that those seeds are from red roses.  I want this area filled with them, do you understand?” 
“Yes master,” Rox replied.  I was glad to hear from him.  I had grown worried and I kind of missed him.
“I’m glad to hear that he’s okay,” I mumbled.
“Why would he not be okay?” Brok asked.
“Because of the kimbrucks,” I replied.
“The kimbrucks?  Ha, ha.  Rox is made of Chliklt,” Brok said.  
“Right.  You see I won’t even repeat that because I know that I won’t be able to,” I said smiling.
“Ha, ha, ha.  I am enjoying our conversation.  Anabella I hope you like your garden,” Brok said.
“I do,” I replied.
“But it hasn’t even been built yet,” Brok said.
“I know, but I like it regardless,” I said.  Brok stared at me for a moment as I tried hard to ignore his golden eyes upon me.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

After a while of trivial conversation Rox arrived with the seeds.  His long white robe ruffled in the wind as he came towards us.  I couldn’t help but look at him and wonder how his appearance was before he became a robot.  Did he have long, black hair like Brok or was he blond?  Was he thin, athletic built or fat?  I truly didn’t know, but I was very curious and thought that I’d ask him when we’d finally meet with each other again.  
I glanced back at Brok thinking that what awaited him was far much worse.  Brok wasn’t going to become like Rox.  Rox’ consciousness was placed in a robotic body, but Brok was going to be killed.  I wanted to talk to him about it, but I knew that if I did he would get angry and his joyful mood was a refreshing breath of air for me.  However, I didn’t that conversation.  At some point I was going to talk to him about it.  As I thought about this Rox handed him the pair of gloves and a small vial.  I assumed that the growth accelerator was in it.
“Thank you Rox.  You can go now,” Brok ordered.
“Yes master.”
“Nice to see you Rox.  I’ve missed you,” I commented.
“Thank you,” Rox replied.  Then he bowed at me, turned and left.  I watched him leave as the wind blew his long white tunic.  As I watched him leave I was thinking that I really did miss him.  He was such a cool dude.  I knew he was a robot, but still there was something sweet about him.  His essence was certainly still there. 
“I did not know that you felt affection for him,” Brok said straight faced.
“He was always very kind to me,” I answered.  Brok stared at me with a strong silence and then he stared back at Rox as he disappeared from view. 
“So, are we going to do this or what?” I interrupted.  Brok’s golden eyes shifted towards his blue hand.  
“Yes, let us do this,” Brok said with a smile.  Sharp fangs shone briefly.  They still scared me a bit, but not as much as they did before.  I sat down on the red dirt.  Brok frowned and opened his eyes wide.  He seemed confused.
“What are you doing?” Brok asked.
“What do you mean?  I’m here to plant some roses,” I said.
“You don’t need to sit down on the dirt.  Look,” he said and poured some seeds on the ground.  Then he poured a few drops on the ground and amazingly the seeds began to grow roots.  They grew longer and thicker.  I got up as they began to sink into the ground.  I could hardly believe it myself when I saw stems growing taller, then leaves and finally the roses themselves.  My jaw dropped as the bushes just continued to grow.
“Here is your rose garden,” Brok said.  
“Wow, that’s amazing!  What is that?” I asked touching the vial.
“This is the growth accelerator.  It has all of the nutrients that plants need in one single drop, but in this same drop there is also a cell from the planet Dilso that manipulates growth in subatomic particle levels.  We were able to harness that particle and use it for our own vegetation.  We call our growth accelerator Ti Shapta,” he said.
“Wow, that’s amazing.  So Sha trades with the planet Dilso.  That’s a amazing,” I commented out loud, but Brok shook his head.
“No, Sha does not trade with Dilso.  Sha simply takes from Dilso,” he said.
“Oh,” I murmured disappointingly.  Was he saying what I thought he was saying?  
“I am glad that you are pleased with your garden.  Your roses look wonderful,” he said.
“Yes.  Thank you,” I replied dryly, but he didn’t seem to notice or care.
“The thorns are marvelous,” he said.
“Yes, Rox told me that the thorns were your favorite aspect of the rose.  You’ve missed the whole point of the rose though,” I said.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean that you’re not looking at the flower per se… the petals,” I said.  Brok approached the rose bushes and touched the petals.
“I like the softness of it and the color is certainly amazing,” Brok said.
“And it has a wonderful scent,” I said without much feeling.
“Does it?  I was unaware of that?  Where is the scent?  In its thorns?”
“No, in the rose bud.  Let me show you,” I said and Brok nodded.  I approached the rose bush and I tried to take the rose out as carefully as I could, but unfortunately as I pulled it I cut my finger.
“Ouch,” I complained.
“What happened?  Are you alright?” Brok asked.
“Yeah, it’s nothing,” I said.  I was finally able to pull it out and hand him the rose.
“May I?” I asked.  Brok frowned looking confused at first, but then he nodded in agreement.  I pressed the petals to his nose.
“Smell,” I said.  Brok sniffed.
“Incredible!  This rose has a scent!” Brok said excited.  He snatched the rose from my hand.
“Ouch, be careful,” I complained again.
“Oh, I did not mean to hurt you.  Let me see your hand,” he said.
“I’m fine,” I replied, but Brok insisted and I extended my hand.  Brok grabbed it and I realized that Brok had never held my hand and that this was his first time.  He studied it with his golden eyes.  They scanned every line and imperfection on it and as he did I felt his strong and warm, blue hands holding mine.  He touched my lines with his finger and passed it softly all the way to the finger that was cut.
“Your blood is like the color of this rose.  How strange is it to see red blood.  So strange,” he murmured.  I laughed.
“What?” he asked.  I shook my head.
“It’s funny that you say that.  For me your blue blood is very strange,” I said and Brok laughed.  For the first-time we agreed on something.
“Ha, ha, yes!  It must be strange for you and yet it is common in my world.  Honestly, Anabella we are creatures of different lands,” he said.  I smiled.
“Yes,” I said.  Brok looked at the bit of blood coming out of the tip of my finger.
“It’s really not that bad.  It’s just a silly cut,” I said.
“Regardless, I do not want to see you hurt,” he said.  Then he took out a napkin from his pocket and pressed it on my finger.  He looked into my eyes as he pressed the napkin gently.  I stared into his golden eyes and felt my heart beat accelerate. 
“Are you afraid of me?”  Brok asked me suddenly.
“No,” I replied quickly.
“I like your eyes.  They are beautiful and rare,” Brok said.  
“Yours are rare too,” I replied.  I wanted to say that they were beautiful, but honestly I didn’t find them beautiful.
“So you find my eyes to be hideous?” Brok asked.  He pressed my finger a bit harder until I felt discomfort and I snatched my hand out of his with haste.
“I didn’t say that,” I replied.
“But you did not say that you find them beautiful.  So, it is obvious that you find my eyes to be ugly,” Brok said.  I was silent.
“Well?  Why are they not beautiful for you?  Is there something wrong with them and the way they stare?” Brok insisted.
“No.  Why do you care what I think about your eyes anyway?” I asked.
“I don’t have to explain myself to you.  You are my guest, not my judge,” he replied.
“Could you please stop arguing with me?  Frankly, I’m getting tired of it.”
“I am not arguing with you Anabella.  I am asking you a question.  You can discern an honest question from a true argument, can you?”
“You confuse me,” I admitted. 
“You confuse yourself.  I am asking you why you find my eyes hideous.  What is confusing about that question?”  He asked.  I realized that he was right.  He was just being purely curious, but quite frankly I found it disturbing.  
“Can we talk about something else?”
“Yes,” Brok answered almost immediately.  I felt relieved, but I didn’t know what to talk about.
“How is your finger?” Brok asked me.
“Oh, it’s good, thank you,” I replied.
“You are welcome.  I am glad to help,” Brok said and then he pressed the rose on his nose again and sniffed.
“Hum… I must say that I am beginning to enjoy this rose and not just because of its thorns,” Brok commented.  I smiled.
“Well, I’m glad because there’s much more to a rose than its thorns,” I said.  Brok smiled.
“Indeed,” he said sniffing at it again.  I sat down on the yellow grass and Brok observed me with a frown and confused.  I touched the grass.  I felt weird about it because of its yellow color.  It didn’t look like the real thing, but it felt like it and I felt the orange rays of the sun over me.  I sincerely felt the heat to be a wonderful thing on me.  I closed my eyes and felt it sink into my pores.
“What are you doing?”  Brok asked.  I opened my eyes and looked into his confused face.  I smiled.
“I’m enjoying this moment,” I said.  Brok sat down next to me.  He touched the grass and dirt.  Then he looked up and closed his eyes.  He seemed so child-like that I had to laugh.
“Can I not enjoy this moment too?” Brok asked me.
“By all means Brok, please enjoy it,” I said with a smile.  Brok smiled back at me.
“You have a beautiful smile,” he said.  My smile suddenly disappeared from my face.
“Okay,” I replied.
“You’re welcome.”

Chapter Twenty-Eight
We contemplated the view of the castle, the forests and the bird creatures that flew in the purple sky and we did it for quite a while.  It was strange to see a purple sky.  I didn’t know if I’d ever get used to it.  With all of its crazy flaws, contaminated air and busy streets I seriously missed the city of Chicago.  If thousands of years had already passed on Earth as I arrived here on Sha I wondered how it looked like today.  Were humans finally able to get rid of the contamination of the world?  Were robots now the new waitresses and security guards?  Did I have any descendants from my brother’s side?  I was certainly curious about it.
“What are you thinking about?” Brok asked.
“I’m thinking about Earth.  I’m wondering how it is today,” I said.
“Oh.  I thought you were enjoying this moment?” He asked.
“Yes, I am.” I nodded.
“Good.  However, I am growing bored.  I would like to do something else,” Brok said and got up from the ground.  It was another subject that he was avoiding and for the moment I chose to follow, but I knew that this subject would come up again sometime soon.  I would talk to him about it again at the right time.  
“Like what?” I asked.  Brok extended his hands to help me up.  I grabbed them and got up as he pulled me.  Then I wiped my skirt a bit and stretched.  Brok seemed as joyful as a child.  It was both strange and refreshing.
“I do not know.  Tell me Anabella, what did you enjoy to do on Earth?  Have you any hobbies?” He asked me.  I was thrilled about the question, but I didn’t have too much hope.  I hadn’t seen any books here on Sha.
“I loved to read,” I replied.
“Read?  But is that not an individual activity?” Brok asked me with a lifted brow.
“Yes… you’re right,” I replied.  Brok crossed his arms for a moment and stared at me.  I wondered what he was thinking, but he was seriously too alien for me to guess.
“What about games?  Did you play games on Earth?” Brok asked.  I laughed with disbelief.
“Games?  I haven’t played a game in ages.  I used to play when I was a girl.”
“What games did you play?”
“I don’t know,” I answered embarrassed.
“You don’t know?”
“Well… I used to play with dolls.”
“Dolls?  What are the rules of that game?” Brok asked me.
“There really are no rules.  I used to play imitating my mother.  I used to be the mother of the doll or had tea with it.”
“Tea?”
“It’s a drink.  I thought you knew everything about my world,” I replied.
 “I know enough, but not everything.  Anyway, that game does not interest me.  Tell me now, what games do you play as an adult?” He asked me.
“Are you kidding?  I don’t play games anymore.  I rarely have time for that,” I replied.
“You play no games?  Certainly, you must get bored.”
“Not with the two-part time jobs I have… I mean had.  I rarely had time for myself,” I mumbled out loud.
“Well that is no longer your situation.  Let us play a game.  I will teach you.  Come,” Brok said.  I followed him down the stone steps.  Again, I was confronted with the view of the mountains and the sea of Sha.  They were absolutely breathtaking with colors of red and yellow.  The trees looked like the dry ones on Earth with huge yellow spikes like leaves.  The large tree that attached the islands above was simply overwhelming.  I could see the constellation from where I was and the anchored space ships that floated on the air.  I held on to the handles as I walked down.  My feet were smeared with dry mud, but Brok didn’t seem to mind. 
 Brok’s long hair ruffled with the wind.  His hair was so straight and so beautiful.  It shone with the sun’s rays and although he had on a long white sleeved shirt I could still see through some of his blue strong-muscled arms.  Why was I looking at his arms anyway?  That made no sense to me, yet it was hard not to look at them.  He was so surprisingly athletic that I could still see him bare chested in his room.  Was I actually fantasizing with his chest and hard core abs?  I had to stop.  I gazed elsewhere distracting my mind from such insane thoughts until I reached the bottom of the garden.  
We walked back into the castle and into the halls.  I checked out the kitchen, but Krimla was no longer there.  I wondered where she was and why was she behaving so strangely, giving me these insane glances.  I didn’t know why, but I promised myself that I would find out.  As Brok and I walked we talked a bit more.
“Anabella, I must confess that I have not played this game in a long time,” Brok said.
“I wouldn’t worry too much about it Prince Brok.  I’m sure I’ve never played it before.”  Brok laughed showing some of his fangs.
“Ha, ha, ha.  Yes, of course you haven’t.  It’s called Tipshtalpult.”
“No.  I’ve never played that,” I said.  Brok smiled.
“I will teach you.  It is not so difficult,” he said.  We arrived at what seemed to be the living room.
“What is this room for?” I asked.
“It’s for entertainment,” he said.
“Oh.  We have a room like this.  It’s called a living room,” I explained. 
“Yes, exactly,” Brok agreed.
Brok approached a dark table that looked like it was made of oak.  He touched the table and purple hologram buttons appeared.  I didn’t recognize any of the symbols, but I smirked trying to keep my calm.  After a short-period of time a huge screen appeared in front of us.  Inside of the screen I saw purple water with some waves.  
“Okay so this is Tipshtalpult.  In this game, you must swim with a ball in your hand.  Your goal is to get the ball to the other side and into the net.  If you’re able to swim below the water and get it inside of the net you get a point.  The short version game is to reach three points and the long version is to reach seven points.  Because you’re so new at this game, we’ll play the short version,” Brok said.  I crossed my arms and frowned.
“Oh, so you think I can’t play the long version?” I uttered out.
“This game is extremely physical.  Do you have the endurance?” Brok asked.  I thought about it for a moment and realized that he wasn’t really being cocky with me, he was just looking out for me.  Honestly, I didn’t have the physical endurance.
“No,” I admitted kind of annoyed.
“So, we will play the short version.  Anyway, whoever reaches three points wins.  In the game, we will each have three team members with us because it’s the short version.  If it were the long version, we would have seven more team members with us.  When you’re the one holding the ball, I must try to take it away from you, the other team members will do the same and vice-versa.  If I am able to take the ball from you, you must give up the ball to me in the place where you stand and from there we play.  No one does any points until the ball is placed inside of the correspondent net,” Brok explained.
“Oh.  So how exactly do I know which net is mine?”
“The net will be placed at the edge of the pool facing your position,” Brok said.
“Okay.  I seriously don’t understand,” I replied.
“Once you enter the pool with me the nets will form automatically.  They will be placed behind you,” Brok said.
“Oh,” I remarked still a bit clueless.
“We shall begin. You can go into the water now to start the game,” Brok said.  
“What do you mean?  Is there a control or something?” I asked.  
“A control?”  
“You know a control for the game,” I said.  I didn’t quiet explain it right and so as he looked at me with bewilderment I tried to explain again.
“I mean to say a control with buttons or a computer of some sort to manipulate the game.  Something with buttons to control the movements,” I said trying to explain myself the best way I could.
“This game is physical,” he said.  I stared at the screen with the purple water in it and then at him.  I was still quite clueless.
“Oh, of course.  I forget humans don’t have this technology.  I will explain.  You just go to the screen and touch it.  Like this,” he said walking towards the screen.  I hesitated for a moment scared. 
“Brok, wait!”  I said.  Brok tilted towards me for a moment with a frown.  I shook my head apologetically.
“Never mind,” I said.  Brok touched the screen and in a flash he was inside of the screen.  My jaw dropped.
“Come on in,” Brok said waving at me.  His strong chest was bare.  I could see his six packed abs and arms.  I gulped for a moment as I saw him smile.  Was he seriously talking to me or was I imagining all of this?  I stared inside of the TV silently.  I didn’t know what else to do.
“Come on Anabella!  Let’s play Tipshtalpult,” Brok said again.  I glanced sideways before entering wondering if it was a joke.  I didn’t know how to talk into the screen.  Was this seriously going on?  Was Brok really inside of the screen or was he somewhere else and he was just transmitting?  This was the weirdest thing I have ever experienced in my life.  It was surreal like the rest of my new experiences in this planet I supposed.
“What if somebody turns off the screen?  Would we be inside of it forever?” I asked.
“What?  No, of course not.  I have the control.  Come in,” he said to me.  Shakily I touched the screen and I felt a strong pull.  I screamed in one moment and in the next I was in the water.  
“Oh, my God, what is this?” I asked.  I was inside a swimming pool with a yellow bathing suit on and purple water below me waved.  I had to move my legs.  It wasn’t as warm as I was led to believe, but I imagined that since we were going to swim so much it would be okay.
“This is Tipshtalpult. Here,” he said.  He tossed me a small blue ball and I caught it.  It fit perfectly in the palm of my hand.  Then purple digital figures began to appear beside me.  I stretched my hand to touch them and felt a pleasurable vibration on my fingers.  They looked like thousands of broken pieces of glass.    
“What?” I wondered shocked as the shapes formed beside me.  They were also forming beside Prince Brok.
“Don’t worry, those are your team mates.  They are avatars,” Brok explained.  The shapes formed into pink avatars.  I touched them again and this time they were solid bodies.  
“Okay, so the nets are already placed.  So, this means that you have to turn around.  Are you ready?” Brok asked with a grin.  I looked up at him and nodded. 
“Okay good.  One, two and three go!” Brok said.  I turned around and dove into the water.  I swam as fast as I could.  I blew my nostrils out and felt the cold liquid touch my face, skin and hair.  Some bubbles came out of my nose.  I opened my eyes to see a blurry purple floor.  I could hardly see a thing as I continued to flap my legs and arms.  One of my hands was shaped with a fist as I swam.  The water splashed as my limbs crashed with it.  The avatars beside me swam and I could hear them below water.
“Swim faster, swim faster.  You can do it.  You can do it,” They chanted and so I did without stopping.
“One avatar has been defeated,” I heard under water and I made a sudden stop.  I turned to see two avatars, one being pulled into the water and another one freeze.  I didn’t know who my avatar was, but I saw Brok swimming towards me.  
“Another avatar has been defeated,” I heard.  I looked back and noticed that only one avatar swam behind me.  So, the dark pinks were mine and the light pinks belonged to Brok.  He was so close by I almost shrieked both with the fear of loss and with joyful laughter. I swam on and heard a roar coming from Brok.  I didn’t even bother to tilt around.
“The third and final avatar has been defeated.  Player’s defensive tactic is weakened,” I heard a voice say, but I didn’t stop.  Instead I pushed my legs hard, as hard as I could and I opened my eyes underneath the surface.  I was at the corner of the pool and I could see the net down below.  I swam down towards it.  I was close to the net.  I could almost reach it, but suddenly I felt strong hands on my legs.  My heart beat jumped and I knew that I had been caught by Brok.  I didn’t know what to do, but I could feel his strong arms pulling my legs and hips.  I did the only thing I could.  I dropped the ball and continued to fight Brok off like if I did have the ball.  Brok pulled my arms with force to try to take the ball away from me without knowing that the ball had already been dropped.  
 “Gotcha! Give it to me,” He said with a broad smile.  His sharp fangs showed.  I felt awkward in his arms.  I looked into his bright, golden eyes and he looked into mine.  Time froze, his smile dropped and changed into a glimpse of wonder.  I wasn’t conscious of my facial movements, but I knew that I wasn’t smiling anymore.  I looked into his face.  He looked into mine.  We didn’t move.
“One point for the Anabella team,” the computerized voice said.
“What, how?  That is impossible!  Open your hand, let me see,” Brok said.  I opened my hand and he was surprised to see that it wasn’t there.  I smiled.
“Gotcha,” I said laughing, but Brok’s smile turned into a frown and he immediately let go of me.  He stared at me with his golden eyes for a long moment until it became strange to me.
“What?” I asked.
“You humans are certainly not as unintelligent as you seem to be,” he remarked scanning me all over.
“What do you mean?” I asked confused with a half frown and a smile on my lips.  Brok shook his head.
“Nothing.  Nothing at all,” Brok said observing me.  A light pink avatar swam towards Brok with the small blue ball on its hand.
“It is your turn Prince Brok,” the avatar said.  Brok took it without removing his golden eyes away from me.  I didn’t know why, but he seemed different.
“Let us play on,” Brok said.  I wondered what he meant by his comment.  I wanted to ask him about it, but after a while he seemed settled in so I decided to forget about it and play along.  Although I tried my best to win, I didn’t.  Brok won the game, but it still felt fun.  I really needed a distraction from the sadness that over swept my heart.  It was a breath of fresh air.
Chapter Twenty-Nine
We returned to the castle after the game.  Brok got two towels out of the walls.  He pushed a few holographic buttons and the digital image would actually turn into the real thing.  He handed me a towel and I wrapped it around my body.
“I have to say Brok this technology that you have is astounding.  How did you create it?” I asked curiously.  Brok was rubbing his face with the towel.  Then as he passed it towards his wide, blue chest. His golden eyes looked into mine.  I felt a quick beat in my heart, but I ignored it.
“The Sha people created it a long time ago.  We used subatomic and cellular technology to create it.”
“Oh,” I replied.  With the touch of holographic buttons Brok was able to get a fresh new sleeveless black shirt.  
“What about me?  What should I wear?” I asked.
“I don’t know.  You look radiant in anything,” he complimented.  I laughed nervously.
“Ha, ha, don’t say that.  Seriously, what do you suggest?”
“I cannot seriously suggest anything because I find you seriously beautiful,” he said.  I felt my cheeks hot and embarrassment flushed all over me.  I didn’t know what to say and Brok was so quiet that it felt awkward.  I had to interrupt it quickly.
“Well, maybe a dark dress would do.”
“Yes, of course.  I’ll just put this in English and then you can choose what you want to wear… here,” he said.  I went to the wall and pressed the item of preference.  Then it came out and I hung it on a nearby couch.  I felt strange as he looked at me.  I didn’t know what to do.  
“Prince Brok, could you give a moment?  Just some privacy?”
“Yes.  Excuse me and let me know when you are prepared.”
“Thanks,” I said as he headed out.  I dried myself the best way I could and slipped the short, dark dress on top of the yellow bathing suit.  After I finished I called him back in.
“Brok, you can come in now,” I said.  Brok came in.
“You look like the star of Avakishtansi,” Brok said.  It didn’t seem like an insult.  I accepted his compliment, humbled.
“Thank you.”
Anabella are you hungry?  Would you like to have some lunch?” Brok said.  I really was kind of hungry with all of the physical activity I had been doing throughout the day.  I felt like I had done a lot.  I guessed a warm meal wouldn’t hurt.  I smirked.
“I’d love to,” I answered.
“Come then,” he said with a short smile and I followed him to the dining room. 
“Rox, bring me what I told you and bring it to the dining room now,” Brok said.
“Yes, master,” Rox responded.  
“What is that thing that you use to communicate with Rox?” I asked.
“It’s called Chambo,” he replied.
“Chambo,” I repeated.  
“Why is it that some of your words are easy to pronounce and others so difficult?”
“We have acquired language throughout the exploration of the galaxy.  Because we lacked the words of newly discovered technologies we had to appropriate words from other planets.”
“Oh.  That makes sense.  The same kind of thing happened on Earth, only instead of planets they were countries.”
“Yes, I know,” he replied.
“I wonder how it is now,” I mumbled out loud.  I looked at him in search of an answer, but I had the impression that I wasn’t going to get my answer.  At least, not at the moment.
“Anabella, would you like to hear a story?” He asked me.
“Sure,” I replied almost automatically.
“Once a upon a long time ago, around 72.8 billion Krushta years ago-“
“What’s Krushta years?”
“It means the time measured by our two moons.  We don’t measure our time through Krushta anymore, now we measure it by the dwarf planet above us and divide into two.  Now can I continue with the story or will you interrupt me at every moment?”
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to.  I was just curious,” I said.
“I know, but I want to tell the story.  Please don’t interrupt me again.”
“Okay,” I replied.  Brok went on.  He spoke about the days of the Lord Kulpa Ti.  He was a member of the senate.  Based on Sha history, Kulpa Ti was a good Sha, educated at home in the forests of Proltor, wherever that was with his father and two uncles.   During that time the female Sha species had only one purpose, to reproduce and die after the third child.  Apparently, it was a way to deal with over population, but apparently it wasn’t efficient and they abandoned the idea years later.
“Kulpa Ti became so powerful in his village that one day the King of those days, Slamberg of Leikish, approached him and offered him a position in the senate.  Kulpa Ti was unsure of the position, but Slamberg assured him that he was destined to take such position and to think about all of the good that he could do,” he said, but as he carried on I couldn’t help, but wonder why he didn’t want to talk about Earth.  Was there something wrong on Earth, something I didn’t know about?  I must be overreacting I told myself.  I gazed at Brok with his golden pair of eyes and dark, blue skin.  He used his hands as he spoke about his story and he seemed so different from what I had perceived the first time I came here that I just didn’t know what to think.  I took out my finger and slid it on the walls as I walked with Brok.  I noticed that lines of buttons as I simply kept my finger pressed against the wall.  I removed the finger and the buttons just disappeared.  I had been formulating a theory in my mind about these holograms and it now seemed confirmed.
“And so Kulpa Ti killed Slamberg and acquired the fortune of the kingdom.  Anabella, are you alright?  You seem distracted?” Brok asked me.  I looked up at him.
“Oh… sorry,” I said.
“Can I assume that you did not listen about Slamberg’s fall?” He asked me.  I shook my head apologetically.
“I’m sorry.  I was… looking at the walls.  I was thinking that maybe anywhere I touched the holographic buttons would just simply appear,” I lied.  
“Of course, they appear,” he said with a slight temper.  He crossed his arms, frowned a bit and then he swallowed a gulp of air.  I ignored his brief annoyance.
“Can I ask why?” I asked.  
“What kind of a foolish question is that?  Do you have the ability to ask it?” He responded.  Oh sometimes he just made things so complicated.  I ignored his remark again.
“Why?” I corrected.  His crossed arms went down and he instead placed them behind his back.  His long hair hung all the way down to his waist.  I noticed that his legs didn’t have little hairs.  I didn’t know why I noticed that and I chose to ignore my ridiculous curiosity about him.
“Because the castle has an intelligence service.  Anabella, I thought you were listening to my story.   I thought you found it interesting.”
“I do… it’s just that-“
“Lunch has been served,” said Rox through the Chambo.
“Thank you Rox.  We are already near,” Brok answered.
“Yes master,” Rox said and the communication was over.  
“What were you about to say?” Brok asked me.  I had lost my chain of thought and then I remembered, but I lied again.
“Oh, no… nothing, never mind,” I said.  The prince nodded and opened the door for me.  Facing me was the majestic dining room with trays of fruits, cakes and food.  It didn’t look like a lunch for two, it looked like a feast.
“This is amazing,” I said.
“You are amazing,” Brok said.  There it was again another compliment.
“You seem to like to compliment other female species Prince Brok, thank you,” I said.
“No, not other female species, only you, but you are very welcome.  Now come on Anabella, let us feast!”
“Okay, but in one condition.”
“What is the condition?” Brok asked me.  I smiled.
“The condition is that you allow me to tell a story of my own after you’ve finished with yours.”
“I will accept the condition.  Now let us eat, tell stories and laugh,” he said and I agreed.  We walked towards the table.  The prince pulled a chair for me and I sat.
“I think it’s the first time we’ve been able to get along,” I mentioned as I stared at the empty plate in front of me.
“Yes and we get along pretty well, do you not agree?” The prince asked me and I nodded.
“I guess so, although sometimes I feel that I have to ignore your temper,” I said as the prince sat next to me.
“I am sorry Anabella, but I am controlling my temper.  I believe that it is not actually my temper that you are ignoring, but my moods.  They are cultural constructs which are difficult to ignore.  Krimla, we need your service,” Brok said.
“Right away my Prince,” Krimla said over the Chambo.  
“You know, we really don’t need her services right now.  I can just get up and serve myself,” I hesitated.
“Nonsense.  You have served enough.  It is time to be served,” Brok said and a moment later Krimla appeared.
“Please serve us our lunch Krimla.  Whatever Anabella wants, you provide.  I on the other hand want one portion of each thing here.  I would like to try the Earth food for a change.”
“Yes,” Krimla said as her purple hair moved.  She looked at me with a deep frown, but didn’t utter a word.  Her hands were on her hips waiting and I wondered what had I done to receive such a look of hatred, but decided to ignore it although it made me very uncomfortable.
“Um, well, some fruits please and then I need another plate for the food and a slice of cherry pie for dessert.  That also goes on another plate,” I said.
“Good Anabella.  Very good.  I congratulate you.  Excellent.  Krimla I also want my foods divided in three different plates.”
“Yes Prince Brok.”
I couldn’t really eat or talk comfortably with Krimla walking around and serving us, so I pretended to distract myself with the aquarium which was honestly an effortless thing to do.  The creatures I saw swimming around the walls were very exotic and unworldly.  It was easy to lose my mind just looking at them.
“Be careful with the Munt, it hypnotizes,” Brok said.
“What?”
“Yes, the green and purple one over there.  They do that when they want to catch their prey,” Brok said grabbing a fork.
“Oh.  Thanks,” I said staring at Krimla.  I just felt too awkward with her in the dining room.  I snatched the fork and silently nibbled my food.
“Krimla, you can leave now,” Brok said.  Krimla nodded and walked away.  Brok glanced from her to me and I realized that he must have caught my discomfort.
“Did Krimla do or say something to you?” Brok asked me.  I shook my head.
“No, of course not.”
“You do not like her?” He asked.
“No… no… it’s nothing like that,” I replied.
“If you would like another servant-“
“No.  She’s okay,” I replied.
“Are you sure?” he asked me.  Not really.  She met in secret with somebody last night talking about lord knows what, almost tried to kill me or at least I thought so and then the next morning she lied about it.  I nodded.
“I’m sure,” I said.
“Krimla has never manifested any problems, but if you have a problem with her let me know and she will be immediately relieved from here,” Brok said.  I shook my head again.
“No,” I replied.
“I will trust your word Anabella.  I will trust in your word for now.  So, would you like to know what happened later after Kulpa Ti killed Slamberg of Leikish?”
“Actually, Prince Brok, would you mind telling me why Kulpa Ti killed Slamberg of Leikish in the first place?  I’m sorry and I hope that you do forgive me, but I failed to hear that part,” I said.
  “I told you that Kulpa Ti had been tricked by the king, did you not hear when the King slaughtered his family?
“King Slamberg slaughtered Kulpa Ti’s family, but why?”
“Because he had to think of the best interests of the kingdom and Kulpa Ti’s family stood against those best interests.”
“What happened then?”
“Then Kulpa Ti became the King of course and he reigned for the next twelve Krushta years.”

Chapter Thirty
We ate and drank.  After he told me his story I effectively told the story of the The Lord of the Rings.  I told him about Lord Sauron and the ring of power.  The prince assured me that because of Earth’s technology the story could not be real.  I nodded and accepted that it was not a real-life story, but promised him that it would be very good, so even though it wasn’t real he chose to listen to it regardless.  He was quickly enamored with the Shire and his favorite character by far seemed to have been Samwise Gamgee.  He laughed and listened attentively.  His golden eyes seemed to capture each segment of the story.  We sat there for hours.
“But what happened to Saruman?”
“He remained in his tower,” I replied.
“That was a strategic mistake.  Gandalf should have destroyed him while he still had the chance,” Brok commented.
“What do you mean?  He was just tired of all of the bloodshed.”
“Precisely if he was tired, he should have finished him off.  An enemy as Saruman was dangerous to have been left alive.  He has a thirst for vengeance, plus he has powerful influence.  Gandalf underestimates his enemy,” Brok said.
“It’s just a story,” I replied.
“Yes, definitely it is only a story.  I imagine that Saruman apologizes and Gandalf believes him.”
“They don’t meet again, or at least not that I’m aware of.  I’ve only read Lord of the Rings.  I never read the following books.”
“Oh, what a pity.  This story seems very interesting, but don’t stop now, tell me the rest.  I am dying to know,” Brok said.  I had to laugh.
“I really need to walk a little,” I said.
“Yes, let us walk around the castle.  I would like to show you my art collection,” Brok said.  
“Okay, sure,” I said.  I was about to get up.
“No, no, no.  Allow me,” Brok said standing from his chair very quickly.  He pulled my chair again and I stood up.
“Thank you… thank you for the meal and for being so nice to me,” I said.
“No Anabella, I thank you,” he said.  He grabbed my hand for the first time and strangely I felt alright under his grasp.  We walked out of the dining room.  Krimla walked towards us and she immediately noticed that we were holding hands.  She didn’t seem to like the gesture, but was very good at hiding it.
“Krimla, please remove the left overs.  You can eat it with the rest of the servants if you wish or you can feed it to the pets or throw it all away, it is indifferent to me.”
“Yes, my prince.”  
“Don’t throw that food away, eat it yourself or give it to the pets, but don’t be wasteful, please…” I said.  Brok raised one of his black eyebrows and glanced at me.  Then he looked back at Krimla waiting for her response.  Krimla stared back at the prince and responded.
“Of course, Miss Torres.  Whatever you wish,” Krimla said and entered the dining room.  Brok and I walked away together.
“Very good Anabella, very good,” Brok said.  I nodded and tilted a bit to try to glance back at Krimla, but all I really caught of her was the back of her purple tentacle head and her dark dress.  I walked on forward with Prince Brok and continued to tell him the story of the Lord the Rings the best I could.  
We reached the seventh and final story of the castle when I was finally at the end of the tale.  Frodo Baggins had finally left Middle Earth.
“What a marvelous story.  Very enjoyable,” Brok said.
“It wasn’t my story, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien,” I responded.
“Did you know him?”
“No.  He was already dead when I read the story.”
“Oh, my condolences,” The prince said.
“It’s okay.  I really never knew him anyway, he died a long time ago, but his work was preserved,” I replied.
“I knew you had books on Earth, but I did not know how marvelous they were.”
“Were?  So there are no more books on Earth?” I asked.
“Anabella, I have tarnished contact with Earth for thousands of years.  I am no longer in contact with your planet.”
“What do you mean?”
“After I met you I chose not to invade your planet.  I experienced a change of heart.”
“Really?  You really decided not to invade Earth?”
“Yes, I did,” he said.
“So Earth is okay?”
“Yes,” the prince answered.
“And the people, what about them?”
“They are alive and well,” The prince answered.  Tears streamed down my cheeks.  
“Thank you,” I said.
“Why are you crying?” the prince asked me frowning.  I shook my head.
“Nothing… I… I didn’t know… I thought…”
“Well, now you know.  Anabella I do not wish to see you cry. It bothers me,” Brok said.  I wiped my tears with my palms and fingers.
“I’m sorry.  I just got emotional,” I responded.  There was a door in front of us.  Brok opened.
“This is my art collection.  I hope that you enjoy it,” he said and together we entered the room.  The room wasn’t really as big as I thought.  It was big, but I expected something more.  I thought there would be thousands of portraits hanging on to the walls, but instead they were all large screens.  
“This is it?” I asked.  Brok laughed.
“I have thousands of art collections, but if you think it is insufficient then I shall purchase more,” he said.  I laughed.
“I just imagined it differently.”
“There are one hundred and ten screens in this room.  We shall walk and see the first one hundred and ten art forms and then if you would like to see more, we will simply walk back.  The portraits will change automatically and you will be able to see the other artworks.  We will be walking the gallery back and forth,” Brok said.
“Oh,” I replied.
“Does that discomfort you?”  Brok asked me.
“No, it’s not… it’s nothing like that, it’s just that things are so different here,” I said a little homesick.  I missed my planet.
“You will enjoy it.  I promise you,” Brok said and I smiled.
“Of course, I will.  I’d love to see your collection, so let’s see it,” I said and Brok smiled. 
   
 Brok showed me around his collection.  We walked together holding hands and as we did he showed me paintings of landscapes and other people from Sha.  I immediately noticed a slight difference from all of the other Sha people.  All of them had something that Brok did not.  On their foreheads they had two very small horns and they were the color of their hair.  Some Sha people had white, blond hair and eyebrows with pitch black eyes and others had raven black hair like Brok, but I noticed that if they had black hair their horns were black and if they were blond their horns were white.  
“Brok, why do most of these Sha people have horns, but you don’t?” I asked.  Brok didn’t respond.  He pulled his hand away from me and placed his hands on his back.
“Brok?”
“I was born ugly,” he said.
“Ugly?”
“I do not have the horns of Yingshu, the horns of beauty.”
“What?  That’s ridiculous.”
“Be silent!” He shouted.  If I wouldn’t have spent the time I had spent with him today my first instinct would have been to run out of the gallery, but I wasn’t afraid of him anymore.  I stared at him for a moment.  I looked at his eyes, his forehead, his face and his body.  I gulped.
“I don’t think you’re ugly,” I said shaking my head.
“You don’t know anything,” Brok said annoyed.
“You’re right Brok, I don’t.  There’s a lot that I don’t know, but I know that you’re not ugly,” I said.
“Do not tell me what I am or what I am not.  I know what I am,” Brok said.  I was silent for a moment.  I really didn’t know how to respond to that.  
“Okay,” I said.  
“I think I’ve had enough adventures for today.  I will retire to my room now.  You can stay here if you wish.”
“You’re leaving?”
“I am tired and my mood has changed.  This day has been very interesting Anabella.  Thank you.  I will go back to my duties tomorrow.  Maybe and if you would like it, we can do something else.”
“Sure,” I replied.  Brok turned away.
“Brok!” I said.  Brok turned around.
“Yes?” He asked.
“Thank you… for today.  It was nice,” I said.  Brok nodded and left the room.
Chapter Thirty-One
I was left alone in the gallery.  I paused for a moment unsure of how to react.  The last painting that we had seen was that of a Sha male looking straight at us, with his two mini horns, dressed in a dark cloak.  Suddenly I opened the door and scanned the hallway.  The only thing I saw was Brok’s straight black hair waving away.  I followed in pursuit.
“Brok!  Prince Brok, wait!” I rushed.  My legs went as fast as they could.  I turned left.  Bang!  I tripped and crashed right in front of Brok.  He didn’t fall back though.  He was so strong that he remained there, standing in place.  I almost fell back, but Brok caught me in his arms.
“Anabella, why are you following me?” Brok asked.
“I don’t know,” I replied.  Brok shook his head disapprovingly and then examined my face.
“Are you alright?  Let me look at you,” he said verifying my forehead.
“I’m fine.  I just…  I wanted to apologize,” I said.
“Anabella, I do not want your apologies, I just want you to be honest with me.”
“Then good, because I was being honest,” I said.  Brok raised an eyebrow with suspicion. 
“You are saying that I am beautiful then?” He asked me.  I swallowed.
“What?  I didn’t say that.”
“So, you were lying when you said that I was not ugly?”
“No.  What?  No, I wasn’t lying.  I didn’t say you were beautiful, I just said you weren’t ugly.”
“You are not making much sense Anabella,” Brok told me.
“You’re not ugly, you’re just different.”
“I have had enough of your gibberish for one day.  I don’t need you or anyone to tell me who or what I am.  I am weary and I need some rest.”
“You may not be beautiful based on the Sha standards, but you are a strange kind of a beautiful,” I said.  Brok frowned.
“What does that mean, particularly?”
“I still don’t know yet.”
“Neither do I, so until you clarify what you are exactly referring to I will remain ugly in the eyes of the Sha and of the human species.”
“Well, I’m sorry to disappoint you Brok, but you are beautiful to me,” I said.  Brok’s eyes suddenly popped right open.  Holy shit.  Did I just say that?  I didn’t know what I said.  I had to be losing my mind or something, certainly I was going nuts.  I turned around immediately and marched on out of there.
“Anabella, wait.  What did you just say?” Brok asked coming towards me.  Holy shit.  I didn’t answer and panicked.  My legs were now trembling, my muscles lost their strength and I felt a wobbly sensation all over my arms.  Had I just said that I found Brok attractive?  What the hell did I say?
“I thought that the Sha were superior to humans?  I didn’t know you were deaf,” I said.  What the hell was wrong with me?  Brok grabbed my arm.
“You find me beautiful?” He asked again, this time he had a smile on his lips.
“I don’t know.”
“But you said-“
“I just changed my mind,” I said quickly.  
“Are you sure?” Brok asked me again.  He grabbed my arm and I felt a lump in my throat.
“Master Brok, master Brok!” Rox said.  Brok turned around to look at the robot.
“Rox, can’t you see I’m busy now.”
“Your father has been trying to communicate with you,” Rox explained.
“Oh, I forgot I had turned off my Chambo.”
“Here,” Rox said handing him his communicator.  I had no idea what Brok was saying, he was speaking in the Sha language, but after a few seconds he let go of my arm.
“Anabella, I must leave.  We will finish our conversation later on.  Have a nice day,” he said and walked away.  Rox had saved the day.
“Would you like anything in particular?” Rox asked me.  I shook my head.  I was still trembling all inside and I couldn’t really respond.  Rox nodded and left.  My heart was still beating like the unstopping energizer bunny.  Had I really said that he was beautiful to his face and what did that mean?  Did I really find him attractive or was I just being nice to him?  I needed to get out of here.  I headed for the garden and remained out there for the rest of the day.
***
“Anabella!  Anabella!  It is dinner time.  Where are you?” Krimla said.  I opened my eyes.  I hadn’t realized that I had fallen asleep on the grass.  I got up and immediately ran to her screams.
“Anabella!” She shouted again.
“I’m coming,” I shouted back as I ran.  I saw Krimla, wearing her boring, black gown standing on the middle of the doorway.
“Anabella, dinner is ready.  Come.  The prince will arrive soon.  He wants to have his supper with you, we cannot disappoint him,” she said.
“He’s coming to dinner?”
“Of course.  Come.”
“Maybe I shouldn’t come,” I said unsure as I followed her into the house.
“Don’t be silly.  Of course, you should come.  He is expecting you.  It is your duty to eat with him every day, do you not remember the rules he has set for you?”
“Oh… right,” I said.  I had totally forgotten about that.
“It’s too bad that you don’t have time for a quick shower, but I’m sure he won’t mind.  You do have a lovely aroma on yourself.”
“I was in the rose garden,” I replied.
“Lucky for you then.  Come,” She said.  We entered the dining room.  I sat at the corner of the table.  It was still empty, but soon Krimla came and went with different dishes.
“Maybe I can help set up the table,” I suggested.
“Nonsense.  You stay right there.  I am your servant,” she said.
“Krimla… I’ve noticed your glances at me.  Have I done something to offend you?” I asked.
“Glances?  What are you talking about?”
“You’ve been looking at me oddly lately,” I said.
“You are a foolish girl.  I have done no such thing,” she said.  I frowned angrily and stood up from my chair.
“Krimla, are you calling me a liar!”
“No.  You are just imagining things, that’s all,” Krimla said as she placed the forks, the spoons and the plates in order.
“Krimla look at me.  That’s an order!” I said.  Krimla stopped what she was doing and looked into my face.  She was expressionless.  I studied her features with care.  I looked into her orange skin, her huge pitch black eyes, her almost noseless face, her lips and her purple hair, but I couldn’t find those glances of discontent that I had seen before.  I didn’t know what to say.  Maybe I had imagined things.
“Never mind.  You can carry on,” I said.  Krimla left and appeared with trays of food.  What the hell was wrong with me today?  Was I going crazy or something?  I didn’t know what exactly was going on with Krimla, but I was determined to find out.  I know that she’s been hiding something from me and she has been looking at me strangely throughout the day.  
“Good evening,” Brok said coming to the dining table.
“Good evening master.”
“You can leave us now,” Brok ordered.
“Yes master,” Brok said and Krimla left the dining room.  I didn’t know what to tell him.  I was so nervous that I felt my heartbeats in my throat.
“Hello Anabella.  How are you this evening?”
“Fine,” I mumbled.
“Good,” He answered.  In front of me was some chicken soup or I supposed it was something similar.  I grabbed the spoon and began to move the steamy liquid softly, from one side to the other.  Curves of smoke came out of the dish.  
“Won’t you ask me how I am this evening?” Brok asked me breaking the silence.  I gazed up at him.
“Oh, yes.  Of course, sorry.  How are you this evening?”
“I’m wonderful,” he said.  Holy shit.
“Oh… good,” I answered.  He smiled.
“It’s not every day when a young, beautiful woman as yourself finds a Sha creature like me to be beautiful too.  I am delighted with such a compliment,” he said.
“Oh… okay,” I said.  Brok looked at his dish and stirred the soup.
“This looks delicious.  I must confess Anabella, I thought little of your Earth food, but now after I have tasted it I have realized that I have grown accustomed to some of its new flavors.”
“I’m glad you like it,” I said.
“I still believe that the Sha’s nutritional nourishment is superior to Earth’s though.”
“You’re entitled to your opinion,” I said.
“Oh, it is not my opinion my beautiful Anabella, it is a fact, but I will allow you to believe that it is an opinion if that satisfies you.  I am too happy to allow futile discussion to come between us.  I am still thinking about what you said to me.  Do not think that I have forgotten,” he said.  Shit.  I smiled a bit trying to cover up my nervousness which was a lot.  A knot had formed in my stomach and I really didn’t think that I could eat right now.  Brok however began to munch on his meal and he seemed almost to be in frenzy state.  He was really getting me to the point where I just couldn’t even grab the spoon anymore.
“You know Brok, I had such a giant lunch with you this afternoon, that I’m really not that hungry,” I said.
“Oh Anabella, that was hours ago.  Certainly, you must be a little hungry.”
“No, not really.  I think I’m just going to go to my room.”
“I have not finished my meal.  That would be rude,” He said.  My throat went dry.
“I don’t… I don’t want to be rude… I’m just feeling…”  Brok froze and stared at me.  His spoon was in mid-air.  He placed the spoon back on his bowl.
“What is the matter with you now?” He asked.  I got up.  I just couldn’t stay there anymore.  I was going to go nuts if I did.
“I have to go,” I said.
“Go where?”
“To my room,” I replied as I ran out of the dining room.  Soon I was up the stairs and I felt his footsteps below.
“I’m going to allow this tonight, but don’t you think you’ll be getting away with this again!  Do you hear me!” He shouted as I headed towards my room.  I closed the door, locked it and ran to the bed.  I was so scared that I didn’t know what to do, so I just wept like a little girl until I couldn’t weep any more.  
Chapter Thirty-Two
The next day I saw Brok in the hallway.  He looked at me without saying a word and left.  Krimla had told me that he was going to attend to some of his political businesses as usual and that he wouldn’t be back until dark.  She told me that I could go wherever I pleased as long as it was in the castle and that I would be called upon for lunch and dinner.  She said that if I needed anything at all to let her know and that she would assist me in any way.  Then she disappeared telling me that she had to keep the house  clean and that she didn’t have the time to really be with me.  I nodded and explored the castle on my own.  I wondered if this castle ever had an ending.  It seemed like the more I explored it, the more I found and the more I tried to reach out, I just could not.  I decided to see some of the rooms.  One of the rooms was filled with thousands of objects.  Objects that I couldn’t identify, but they all had different shapes and sizes.  They seemed useless to me, but I wondered if the objects were from other worlds and what were their purposes.  
At night, Brok came in to the dining room, but we spoke little and this soon became a custom of every day.  Every day he would leave to do whatever it was that he was doing and I would have to stay here and wander off to different places in the castle, yet I could never actually go out of the castle and explore.  It wasn’t all boring though.  As I went out into the gardens I would discover a new creature every day.  Insects that were huge and of different colors, plants that were foreign to me and from time to time I would caress some of the boons.  They finally accepted me after weeks of visual contact.  I would sit nearby and look at them and they at me.  Every time I tried to extend my hand to them, they would vanish immediately believing that I was some sort of strange new predator.  But over time and after they noticed that I was gentle, one of the boons chose to give me a chance.  His little fluffy body hoped over to me.  I didn’t dare to move.  I just sat there frozen, waiting for the brown little fluffy cute thing to come to me.  
First the boon would approach me, but when I tried to reach for it, it hoped away, so I devised another strategy.  I decided to just sit there and pretend to ignore the little fellow.  He twitched his little mustache.  I so wanted to grab it and just pet it and give it some friendly love, but I maintained my strategy.  Every day the boon would come just a little bit closer to me.  Every time he looked at me though I pretended that I was either looking at the sky or caressing the grass.  I was anxious to have him in my hands, but I knew that if I tried to force him, he would simply skip off somewhere, climb a tree and never approach me again and so I waited patiently for an entire month until one day the boon had finally hoped into my lap.  I grabbed it and petted it.  His heartbeat was very fast.  I didn’t want to give it a heart attack so I didn’t over pet him.  Little by little, the other boons followed and soon I was able to caress a bunch of boons.  
I would lie down in the ground with them and start rolling my body until I was tired.  I laughed under the purple sky and the boons hoped next to me.  Some even made the cutest sounds ever until I finally just lay still under the yellow grass.  I observed the planet with the rings on the sky and I laughed out loud.  The boons rushed on top of me and petted me with their lips.
“Ha, ha, ha, that tickles,” I laughed.  They were so cute.  
“Oh, so you want to tickle me, huh?  Get over here,” I played and I would tickle them on their throats and on top of their sides of their buttocks.  I realized they were ticklish there.
“Amazing,” I heard Brok say.  I sat upright in a flash as the boons hoped away and headed deeper into the gardens.  The rays of the sun shone across Brok’s dark, blue skin and his eyes were so bright that they were mesmerizing below the pale, purple sky.  I could barely take my eyes off them.  Brok blocked the sun from his eyes placing his hand on his forehead.
“I’m glad to see that you are having fun in my absence.  I see that you have acquired some new friends,” Brok said to me as he approached.  He extended his hand to me.  I grasped it and got up from the ground.
“I guess…” I mumbled back.
“Anabella, I am glad to see you here.  I have been so busy these days that I haven’t had a moment with you.”
“Oh,” I replied.
“I have noticed your silence in the dining room.”
“Well, you always ask about my day and it’s really not as different as the day before, so I figured why bore you.”
“I can never be bored as long as the words are coming out of your mouth.”
“Really?”
“I think it has to do more with the sound of your voice actually.”
“You’re joking,” I said half smiling.  Brok grabbed my arms to him.
“Thank you.  I needed to see you smile,” he said.  I laughed.
“What?”
“I’ve had a rough day today.  Things are not going well,” he said and then he let me go.  I walked beside him as we approached the door.
“What do you mean?”
“Politics.”
“Oh.  What’s the problem with politics?” I asked him, but Brok shook his head.
“I don’t want to bring my problems to you.  I however, do want your company if you don’t mind.”
“Okay,” I said.
“Wonderful,” he said and we walked for a long time, but without really saying anything to each other.  I didn’t know what to say and I felt awkward to just be walking around the castle without saying a thing.  I really wanted to try to cheer him up, but I had no idea of how to do that.
“Brok, what’s your family like?” I asked.
“Royal, highly sophisticated and completely disproving of me and my ways.”
“What ways?”
“I do not wish to speak about my family if you don’t mind.  They do not love me, they only tolerate me and I only tolerate them.”
“That can’t be true.”
“It is.”
“Brok…”
“What?” He asked.  I hesitated for a moment.
“I was thinking… maybe there’s a way I can cheer you up.”
“Good, because I was growing bored,” he said.  I ignored his remark and went on.
“You know maybe we should have a party,” I said.
“A party?  What is a party?” Brok asked.
“Well… a party is something that people do to have a good time.  There’s music and food-“
“Dancing?” Brok asked.
“Yeah!  Exactly, dancing and people… I mean you can invite Sha people.”
“People bore me.  Let us have a party, you and I alone,” he said.  
“But what kind of a party would that be, just you and I?”
“Aren’t I enough?” He asked me.  I nodded.
“Of course, you’re enough.  I didn’t mean that, but if you want to throw a party it can’t just be you and I, you have to invite other people.  You don’t have to invite your family members, you can invite anyone you like.”
“Alright, I’ll throw a party.  It sounds like fun,” Brok said kind of reluctant.
“It is, I promise you, it’s very fun,” I said.
“Alright.  I’ll have Rox arrange the whole thing.”
“Um… that may not be a good idea.  Can I arrange it instead?”
“Yes, but the first thing we need is a date.  Let us have this party tonight,” Brok said.
“Tonight?  That’s way too soon.  I need a couple of days to do it.”
“Will three days suffice?” He asked.  He seemed to be kind of in a hurry with this party.  I wondered for a moment if I could pull it off for three days and then I remembered that all I really needed to do to have this party jamming was to use the intelligent servant of the house.
“Um… I think I can arrange the party for tomorrow night actually.”
“Wonderful.  Tomorrow night it is.”
“But Brok, wait a minute, should the food be from Sha or from Earth?”
“Do whatever you want.  It’s your party.  I will leave that to you.”
“Brok, but how will I know if the guests will like it?  I mean I don’t even know who’s coming.”
“Do not worry.  I am the prince of Sha, they will like whatever I serve.  It’s their duty to obey,” he said.  That was comfortable, but it was also kind of strange.  
“Thank you, Anabella.  You have been such a light in my life.  I don’t know what I’d do without you,” he said.
“Probably the same thing you did before you knew me?”
“Yes, probably.  Thank you,” he said and he kissed me in the forehead.  My smile waned.
“I hope I did not offend you.”
“No, not at all… I wasn’t… I wasn’t expecting it,” I stammered.
“I won’t do it again.  I apologize,” he said.  I shook my head.
“What?  No, no… don’t worry about it.  It’s… nothing,” I said.
“Okay.  I must go now.”
“So quickly?”
“Yes, but I will see you tonight and you can talk to me about the arrangements,” Brok said.
“Okay, I’ll see you later then,” I said.  Brok nodded with a smile and left to the front of the house.  Not very far away was Krimla.  She was looking at us, with her hands to her waist line and with a menacing frown on her face.  She turned away to quickly for me to even say something to her or to reach her on time.  Certainly, I did not just imagine that.  Her expression was pretty clear to me.  What the hell was her problem?  I wondered.  I had to find out. 

Chapter Thirty-Three
“Krimla!  Krimla can I talk to you,” I called out to her.  Krimla walked towards me.  I saw her small shape from the shadows of the floor.  She came at me, walking with a regular pace, not too fast nor too slow.  She seemed quite calm in her manner and when I saw her gentle face I was perplexed.
“Yes, Miss Torres?  What can I do for you?”
“Um… well… there’s going to be a party tomorrow night,” I said.  
“A party?  What is that?” She asked me crunching her eyebrows, her forehead wrinkled and her purple tentacle hair moved.
“Oh… well… a party is an event where people come to dance, eat, talk and share a bit.  Brok’s friends are coming over and I needed to know where I can arrange this party.  The space needs to be big.  Do you think maybe the garden could work?” I asked.
“If the guests will be dancing and moving about, maybe a party there is not such a good idea.  They could step on the organisms that live there, damage the flowers and certainly you would not want to see that happen to the master’s garden?”
“Oh, no, of course not.  Then the garden is out.  Is there a big room where we can hold the party?”
“Yes.  There is a dancing room that you can use.”
“Awesome!  Why didn’t you say so the first time I mentioned it?”
“Because you did not ask.”
“Thanks,” I said and turned to leave.  However, I felt a hand grab my arm.  I tilted to see Krimla’s orange grasp on me.  
“Krimla?”
“Miss Torres, I need to speak to you.  I wish I could tell you all that I know,” she said.  I turned to look at her.  She seemed burdened suddenly.  Her pitch-black eyes were wider and droopy looking.  Her mouth had curved a bit downwards almost like an inverted u.
“What is it?” I asked.  I was starting to worry about her.  I knew she was hiding something.  Hopefully, she would finally reveal it to me.
“Anabella… please I beg you-“
“Krimla!  What are you doing?” Rox asked.
“Rox, get out of here,” I ordered immediately.
“Yes, Miss Anabella.  As soon as Krimla goes to her chores.  She is significantly behind her duties and schedule.  Krimla, you must go attend to your duties.”
“Yes. I will.”
“Wait a minute!”
“Anabella, the master has given me the specific task to help you with the party.  Shall we begin?” Rox asked me as Krimla walked away into the hallway.  Soon she was nothing but a memory.  Her pace had been fast and now she was gone, back to her duties, whatever those were.
“Okay, sure, come on,” I said.  I asked him to show me the dancing room and I began to work with the holographic buttons and such to try to make this the best party ever.  At least the decorations would be the coolest.  I really didn’t know enough about the Sha culture to know if it was going to be a satisfying experience, I just hoped it would be.  I tried to ask Rox about the colors and the only responses I got from him were excellent or marvelous.  After showing him everything I was just totally exhausted because for him everything was excellent or marvelous.
“Rox, you have to help me out.  This is not helping me,” I said.
“You have asked my opinion and I have voiced it.  Is that not what you wanted of me?” Rox asked.
“Yes Rox, but come on, there has to be a preference in the colors at least.”
“I do not have a preference, all colors are beautiful,” he said.
“Okay, I know, but I mean, what set of colors would look better.  I can’t just put up balloons and stripes of all colors. I need to create a set.”
“Then you must determine which colors to use for the party.”
“That’s what you’re here for.”
“Then I will determine the colors?”
“Yes.”
“The colors should be red, yellow, green, blue, orange, purple, pink, grey, black, white, fuchsia, aquamarine, lime-“
“Okay, you know what, never mind.  I think that I’m going to have to determine the colors.”
“Yes Miss Torres.  As you wish,” Rox said.  I nodded.  It was just hopeless.  I figured the Sha people were probably already bored with purple and black so I chose the colors light blue and green lime.  Hopefully, it would be a different experience for them.  Then after that I had to determine the food which would be no easy task.  There was a huge menu of Earth food.  I decided I was going to provide both Earth food and Sha food.  I figured if one was to fail, the other would not and the music would certainly be something soft and melodious.  I didn’t have a clue as to what kind of music did the Sha like to hear.
“Rox, does Prince Brok own music?” I asked him.
“Oh yes, the finest.  But he has it stored in the music room.  I would need to reprogram the music room to have it heard from here.”
“Could you please do so.  I want to know what kind of music do the Sha people hear.”
“I tell you it is delightful,” Rox said and he left.  I imagined it had to be something amazing if the Sha people were as sophisticated as Brok had told me.  So I began to fix up the dancing room with stripes and balloons.  I felt that some huge balls and maybe lime green and light blue lights would make the room look awesome.  I wanted mirrors everywhere, so I made sure that the hologram program did exactly what I wanted. 
After the touch of buttons alone, the room began to transform instantaneously.  Little pieces of squares rumbled upwards to the walls and they all mixed and formed together the giant mirrors I wanted to have in the room.
“Awesome,” I said as I heard each clicking of the small fragments form together.  Then light blue and green lightbulbs appeared shining the room with its color.  It looked amazing.
“I want to change the lamps though, more retro,” I said to myself and began to gaze upon the menu of lamps within the computer system.  I had to look at dozens of them until I finally found the lamps that I wanted to put, but then when the house placed them I was exhausted when I realized that I didn’t actually like the look on them.
“Shit,” I said.  I was tired.  
“I’m taking a break,” I said to myself.  I was about to take a breather when Rox came in with his white robe.
“Anabella, the music has just been installed,” he said to me.
“Oh, good.  I need some relaxation, put it through,” I said.  Rox nodded, went to the wall and pushed the buttons.  I lay back on the floor and closed my eyes.  I heard the most guttural, low shout I have ever heard in my life and I shouted in extreme panic.
“Ah, ah, ah!  What the hell is that?” I shouted to Rox.  
“Music!”
“Turn that damn thing off right now!” I said almost having a heart attack.  Rox turned it off.
“Is something the matter?”
“Are you kidding?  What the hell was that?”
“Music,” Rox said.
“That is not music!  Don’t you ever put that thing on ever again.  Do you understand?”
“Yes, Miss Torres, but I assure you that it is music.”
“It sounds like a cat being tortured to death by a monster or something.  Don’t you ever put that thing on ever again.  I’m serious,” I said.  Rox nodded.
“Yes, Miss Torres,” he replied.  I lied back on the floor again and closed my eyes.
“Miss Torres, will you sleep?” 
“No.  I’m just going to rest a little bit.”
“Would you like some Earth music?”
“Yes please.  Put on Beethoven, from the classical period,” I said.  I closed my eyes and soon the piano was on.  I smiled thinking that it was wonderful.  An hour later I felt good again and I was back on my feet.  

Chapter Thirty-Four
I was up and decorating the room like crazy.  I decided to change the lamps and place little lightbulbs like Christmas lights.  It looked spectacular, with the mirrors as walls and the lights lit low.  I wanted to place some candles as well, so I arranged some of the tables with the holograms.  The tables appeared in image form, but as I pulled them into the room they became a reality.  The tables materialized and now I needed to place the candles on them, but I wanted candles everywhere, so I asked Rox to help me create tall and short shelves made up of mirrors.  
As these shelves formed I punched buttons to create candles made with green lime and light blue wax.  They were amazingly beautiful and the wax itself shone.  I gasped.
“Wonderful,” said Rox.  I gazed back at him with a smile.
“Yes,” I said nodding.  
“Okay, let’s place these candles,” I said and Rox helped me out.  We placed candle after candle.  The room looked amazing.  Then I changed the color of the floor and replaced its dark color into gold.  
“The golden color contrasts with the colors.  It looks very appealing,” Rox said.
“Yes, it does, doesn’t it?  Thanks,” I replied.  Rox nodded.
“Is there anything else we need to add?” Rox asked.
“Well, I’m going to add the music, but it’s going to be Earth music.  I’m sorry Rox, but I just can’t stand that Sha music.  I really can’t,” I said.  Rox approached me from behind.
“Anabella, I believe that Earth music does have a higher quality,” Rox said.
“Thanks.  I appreciate that,” I said.  
“Beethoven has the most exquisite voice,” Rox commented.  I had to laugh.
“Oh no Rox, Beethoven doesn’t sing, he plays the piano,” I said. 
“Oh, the piano, I have seen it in our information files, yes.  You are right, it is an instrument,” Rox said and I nodded. 
“Do you play the piano?” He asked me.  I shook my head.
“No.  I never learned.  I really wanted to, but I didn’t.”
“Why not?” Rox asked.
“Well… because I never had the time to learn how to play it before.  I was always so busy working shifts, school… when did I have time,” I mumbled out loud.
“You have time now,” Rox said.  I stared back at him.  He was right.  There was nothing stopping me from learning now.
“You’re right Rox, I can learn how to play the piano now!”
“After the party arrangements,” Rox said.
“Yes, of course.  That would be so amazing.  I can picture it now, me sitting in front of a large piano and playing.  Rox, I don’t know if I can do it,” I said unsure.
“You can think about it after the party,” Rox suggested.
“Yeah, you’re right.  I have to finish the arrangements first.  Now that the deco is already done, I have to select the food and the music.  Do Sha people have drinks with alcohol in them?”
“No.”
“Okay.  Maybe we’ll just have some punch or some drinks that contain very little alcohol,” I said.
“I would like to taste alcohol, but unfortunately I can only digest energy boxes,” he said.  I had no idea of what he was talking about and I wanted to ask, but Krimla called me for lunch.  
“I will keep you company,” Rox suggested.  I smiled.  I was glad to have him as a companion.
“Thanks, Rox! That’s great.  You know, I really did miss you,” I said shrugging my shoulders.  I touched his metallic hand.  He stared at it with his two blue lights that served as eyes I supposed and I had to laugh.
“I’m guessing no one has ever grabbed your hand before?” I asked.
“No… never.”
“Not even when you were a child?  I’m sure that your mom must have done so,” I commented.
“No, never.  My mother never took my hand before.”
“Do you feel me?  Do you feel my hand?” I asked.
“I can feel it’s frailty and its palpitations,” he said.
“Wow, seriously?  You can feel its palpitations?” I asked.
“Yes.  It is an interesting feeling,” he said.  I smiled and soon I let go of his hand.  We entered the huge dining room.  Krimla came in to serve us and as she did, Rox and I sat down.  The aromas coming from the kitchen were highly welcome and my stomach grumbled as Krimla came in with trays of rice, beans and chicken.
“Good afternoon, Anabella.  I see that you have a new companion today,” She commented as she brought in a tray of mashed potatoes.  I placed my hands together and smiled.
“Yes,” I replied.  Krimla grimaced and left the tray on the table.  Her tentacle hair seemed to have some static.  It moved left and right, up and down very gently.
“Yes, and she is glad that I am here.  She has indicated that she has missed me,” Rox told her.  Krimla nodded with a large spoon on her hand.  She dipped the spoon on the potatoes and smeared them on my plate.
“Too bad that your companion cannot eat with you,” Krimla spat out suddenly.  
“That’s alright.  I’m just happy to have him with me,” I said.
“Oh, but I’m sure you wished that Rox really could eat something with you,” Krimla said.
“Does my inability to eat with you displease you Anabella?” Rox asked me.  I looked at Krimla with scorn.  I wondered what the hell was her problem now and realized why Brok treated her in such a cold manner.  I usually wondered why he never said please or thank you to her, but now I knew why.
“Of course, not Rox.  The only thing that displeases me are Krimla’s rude comments,” I said as I grabbed a napkin that was placed next to the plate.  I placed it on my lap.
“Oh, was I being rude?  I apologize.  I was trying to be empathetic.  I thought that you really wished to have a companion to eat with you and not a simple object next to you, but now I realize that you did not need my empathy,” she said.
“Please leave me alone with Rox,” I uttered.
“Very well.  I will come back with the rest-”
“Don’t bother,” I interrupted her.
“Anabella, I have not brought you dessert and it is my duty to-”
“I think this is enough Krimla.  You can do your other chores,” I said.
“I must insist in fulfilling my duties.  If I do not complete them I will be thrown out of the castle and jobless.  That means that I must beg for food, a roof over my head-”
“Okay, fine.  Just leave the dessert without talking,” I ordered.
“Yes, Miss.  As you wish,” she said and she left.  I stared at Rox and he looked right back at me.  I wasn’t sure, but I thought that maybe he had smirked at me.  How cute was that, I thought, a smirking robot.
“Rox, can I ask you a question?”
“Have you not asked a question now?” He responded.  I smiled.
“You’re right.  Rox, do you remember when you were… a Sha?” I asked.
“Yes,” he answered.  I wasn’t sure if I was entering dangerous territory.  Was I being too nosy?  Yes, I was, but I was too curious to care about it.  I opened my mouth to ask the question when I heard Krimla’s tapping coming our way.  Rox moved his head sideways like a little puppy and then he tilted to look at Krimla.
“Is that cherry pie?” Rox asked her.
“Yes, Rox.  It is.  The master wants to please Anabella in every possible way, so he has chosen to allow Earth food to be served in the table.  In fact, he is enjoying it himself as well,” she answered.
“Good, because Earth food is wonderful.  I was already missing it myself way too much,” I said.
“Even though it is less nutritional and more harmful for the master,” she uttered out and then turned and left.  I glanced at the food and then right back at her.  
“Krimla!  Wait a minute, what are you talking about?  Come back here,” I shouted.  Krimla brought back her little figure towards me and stood in front of me.  One of her hands grasped her hip.
“Yes, Anabella?” 
“What did you mean with the food being harmful to the master?” I asked.
“I meant exactly what I said.  The food is harmful to the master.  His blood pressure has lowered significantly ever since he’s been exposed to it,” she said.
“But he didn’t say anything to me,” I said.
“Rox, tell Anabella,” she said.  I looked at Rox and he nodded.
“Yes, it is true.  The master’s blood pressure has lowered significantly, but we still cannot determine if the Earth food is the source of his low blood pressure,” Rox said.
“Oh please, you know better than that.  He’s hiding information from you,” Krimla said.
“Is that true?” I asked him.  He tilted towards me.
“I am not programmed to answer that question,” he said.
“You’re not programmed?  What the hell does that mean?  Rox, you’re going to answer to me.  Is the Earth food hurting the prince?” I asked him.
“I am not programmed to answer that question,” he repeated.  Krimla waved her hand at him.
“It’s useless.  He won’t answer the question,” she said.  I ignored her and turned to Rox.  I grabbed both of his hands hoping that there was a Sha in there, somewhere in that head made of metal and cables and lord knew what else.  I had to try.
“Rox, the master is your responsibility, is he not?” I asked.
“Yes.”
“And if he harms himself, isn’t it your job to help him?” I asked.
“It is my job to help him to the best of my ability,” he said.
“Okay… so I just want to know so that I can help him too.  I don’t want any harm to come to him, so you need to tell me the truth.  Is the Earth food harming him?” I asked.
“I am not programmed to give a response to that question,” he said.  Shit.
“You see I told you,” Krimla said and left the dining room.  Her head shook from side to side with disapproval.  Now I understood all of those glares and annoyed ticks.  Apparently without knowing it I was harming the prince.
  I stared into the blue lights of what were supposed to be the eyes of Rox.  He just sat there in silence.  I couldn’t hear anything coming out of him, not even breath and why would I?  He really was only just a robot, wasn’t he?  I looked at my plate.  It had some mashed potatoes on it, but I wasn’t hungry anymore.  
Chapter Thirty-Five
For the next several hours I continued to work on the party.  I didn’t want to think about the food issue, at least not until the prince arrived, but I couldn’t help it.  Was I really harming the prince?  I didn’t want to harm the prince and I didn’t know why, but the more I tried to avoid the thought of it, the more the thought of it just hammered into my mind.  I didn’t know if it was a good idea to introduce Earth food to the other guests, since they were probably all from the Sha world.  So, I changed the menu from the Earth food to the Sha food alone.  It didn’t matter how much it bothered me.  I felt that it was much worse to harm these people because of my selfish appetite.  I didn’t want to be responsible for a massive food poisoning so I decided to opt the Earth food out.  
“Rox…” I said calling him on the Chambo.  I tried to persist from time to time on my question to see if somehow, I could get an answer from him, but Rox remained the same and so did his responses. Over and over again his answer was that he was not programmed to offer a response.  
“Okay,” I would answer trying to calm myself down, but it wasn’t an easy situation and so I tried to occupy myself until Brok arrived at night for our usual dinner.
“Hello, good evening Anabella.  You look beautiful,” he said with a grin.  I tried to smile back with the lump on my throat and the half nausea in my stomach.  I could barely speak.
“Thanks,” I mumbled and nodded.  He walked with me to the dining room.  The colorful creatures swam about here and there.  They looked beautiful during the night time.  Tonight, the lights were lower and the creatures emitted a nice glow of different colors.  Krimla came walking in with a tray of salad.  She served us both without looking at neither of us, then she disappeared.
“Wonderful.  I love the green,” Brok said.  He grabbed his fork and was about to eat from his triangular shaped plate.  Before he could stick his fork on the green lettuce I placed my hand on his.
“Wait!” I shrieked.
“What is it?  Are you alright?” Brok asked me.  I glanced his way and then at his hand.  I didn’t know what to do or what to say or how to say it.
“Anabella, answer me!  What is the matter?” Brok insisted.  How could I tell him the information I knew without harming Krimla’s position?  I didn’t want to get her fired since it meant that she’d be a homeless beggar.  I had to think.
“Anabella!”
“Is the food from Earth harmful for you?” I blurted out loud.  Brok’s eyebrow shifted upwards and his golden eyes sprouted out.  
“Who told you that?” Brok asked.  I swallowed the dry lump that had formed in my throat.  I didn’t want to give Krimla up.  
“Well?”
“That doesn’t matter,” I replied.
“It does to me,” Brok said.
“I… I noticed,” I lied.  I didn’t know how he’d react, but I decided to keep a cold, calm look.  I figured that if I didn’t move or blink, maybe he would buy it.  Brok frowned as he examined me.  My face was blank.  He moved his legs a bit and studied me some more.  I kept my face as serious as I could and then after a long pause he spoke.
“It may be doing some harm to me, but it is not certain,” Brok said.  I sighed.
“Oh… well…” I said.
“How did you notice?”
“I… sometimes I saw your hand tremble,” I lied.  He nodded.  Thankfully, he believed me.  Krimla and Rox were off the hook.
“I cannot deny that yes, sometimes it trembles, but it is so little that I am truly amazed that you noticed it at all.”
“Well, I admit that it wasn’t easy to notice, but I did,” I said.
“Anabella, do not worry about this.  It may just be a temporary reaction.  It may not be even permanent.  For all I know I my body could just be getting acquainted with the new food.”
“What if it’s not?  What if the food is really hurting you?”
“Are you worried about me?” Brok asked with a smile.  I shoved back in my seat.
“Well… yes,” I admitted.  
“Why?” Brok asked me.
“Because… you’re… my friend,” I said.  Brok nodded calmly and his smile vanished away.
“Of course,” he said.  I glanced at him with fear and doubt.  I didn’t know why, but I just wanted him to be safe.
“May I ask how are the party arrangements?” Brok asked me.  I nodded relieved from that subject.  My chest had been constrained, but now I could finally breathe again.
“Well… I have to admit it’s faster and easier than arranging them on Earth.  What takes weeks there, takes a day here.”
“But do you like it?” 
“Yes.  I totally love it.  It keeps me busy.”
“Good.  That’s what I want, to see you happy,” -Brok said.  He picked up his fork with a smile and then he called out to his servant demandingly,-  “Krimla, Krimla!  Bring me the steak!” 
“But doesn’t that harm you?  I don’t think it’s a good idea,” I said.
“Worried about me?”
“Well… you are my friend,” I responded.  He pouted his lips and frowned very briefly.  I could barely catch a glimpse of it as Krimla came in with a tray of steaks.
“Yes, master,” she said serving him.  I had a new lump in my throat.
“You know what, why don’t you eat something from Sha today?  In fact, let’s all eat something from the planet.  I would like to eat something else for a change.”
“Nonsense.  You love this food.  Remember when you told me that you were so poor that you ate cubes of sugar to curve your hunger?”
“Yes.  But that was months ago.  Things have certainly changed.”
“Yes, they have Anabella and for the better,” he said with a smile on his lips.  Then he turned towards me and grabbed my hand.
“Anabella I haven’t thanked you, haven’t I?” He asked me.
“For what?” I asked.
“For being your wonderful self,” he said.  I gazed at Krimla who served the steaks on his plate.  She didn’t seem too pleased.  I looked back at him and nodded.
“Thank you,” I said.
“No, thank you.  I assure you that what I said was not intended to be a compliment, but it turned out that well, it naturally would,” he said.  Then he stared at Krimla. 
“Serve Anabella,” he ordered.  Krimla nodded.
“Yes master.”
“Oh, that’s alright, I’m really not that hungry.”
“Eat Anabella.  You’ve been working all day.  You need your nourishment.”
“What about you?”
“Oh, I’m eating very well thank you.”
“Brok, I’m serious.  I’m considering to take the Earth food out of the menu for the party.”
“Nonsense.”
“What if somebody gets poisoned by it?”
“Nobody will get poisoned by it.  Krimla, tell Anabella that she is being silly,” Brok ordered.  Krimla replied immediately.
“Yes, Miss Torres, you’re just being silly,” she said, but when I gazed at her eyes, I saw a hot scorn and very tight lips.  
“Would you like anything else Master?” Krimla asked.
“I do not see the drinks Krimla.  Have you forgotten your duty?” Brok asked her.
“No, master.  I will bring them.”
“I would like some grape juice.  That is my favorite Earth drink.”
“Yes master,” Krimla said, bowed and left.  I stared at her for a while wondering about her thoughts, wondering how she had been forced to lie about something that displeased her.  I looked down at my plate and then at Brok who smiled at me with his bright white teeth and fangs.
“Anabella stop worrying about me.”
“I just, I don’t want to be the reason for something to happen to you,” I replied.
“Nothing is going to happen to me sweetheart,” he said.  My eyes suddenly popped out of its sockets did he just say sweetheart to me?  I nodded, but didn’t answer.  I didn’t know what to say.
“Anabella eat!” He ordered.  I grabbed my fork and tasted the mashed potatoes.  I felt it’s grainy, salty substance on my tongue and I totally loved the taste and the sensation of warmth that it gave me.  It felt like home.  After that last discussion Brok and I spoke of other things, stories mostly.  He spoke about the history of Sha.  I felt like I almost knew the people by then and after our dinner we rose from the kitchen and walked together towards the gardens.  The nights in Sha were not so dissimilar from Earth, it was mostly dark and filled with stars, but we could always see the planet with rings shine with an orange glow and the constellations from here.  We didn’t explore much of the garden at night.  Sometimes we only reached a nearby tree where most of the boons played during the day time.  At night they would all cuddle inside of the wholes of the trees keeping their fuzzy little bodies warm.
“A beautiful night, isn’t it?” Brok asked.
“I’ll admit it, it’s always a beautiful night here,” I said.
“Anabella?  May I ask you a question?” Brok asked me.
“Sure, although I believe you’ve asked me questions that would last me a lifetime,” I laughed.  Brok laughed gently.  A soft breeze touched his black hair.  His arms were so muscular and dark blue.  Sometimes I forgot that he was not human.  
“Anabella, do you like it here, with me?” he asked.  I nodded.
“Yes, of course,” I replied.  He grabbed my hands and looked into my eyes.
“Anabella, I must ask you something.  You don’t have to answer right away,” he said.
“Okay…” I said wondering what this was all about.
“Anabella ever since you came here… not came, but… are you angry at me?”
“For what?”
“For having kidnapped you?” He asked.  I wriggled my hands out of his and turned around.  Had I been angry at him because he had kidnapped me, the answer was, yes of course, but somehow, I couldn’t be angry at him anymore.  
“I was…” I said.
“And now?” Brok pressed on.  I turned around.  My heart was beating mad.
“No,” I stated simply and I did so because it was the honest truth.
“Anabella I want you to know that I did not anticipate my feelings for you,” he said.  I breathed nervously.  My heart was pounding fast, my hands were trembling, even my breath.
“What…” I barely said.
“There is something that you should know.  I can no longer hide my feelings for you.  If you reject me I will accept it, but I’m hoping that you will not.  I do not wish to pressure you and therefore I do not wish your answer in this moment, but I do need to confess something to you.”
“What is it?”
“You really do not know?” He answered.  Holy shit.  I couldn’t answer, or nod, or blink.  I could hardly move.  I knew something, yet I didn’t absolutely know it with certainty.  What if I made an ass of myself?  No, I really truly wasn’t sure.  As I stood there frozen, he grabbed my hands again and began to caress my knuckles with his strong, blue fingers.  They looked so different on mine, yet so familiar.  My heart would not stop its disastrous beat.
“Will you marry me?” he said.  I was shocked with disbelief and I could not speak.
“Anabella, did you hear me?” 
“Yes…” I nodded after a pause.  I squirmed my hands out of his and turned around.
“Anabella…”
“Why are you asking me to do this?” I finally said.
“Because I love you,” he said.  I turned around to face him in all of his glorious splendor.  I could barely speak and he looked at me with his golden eyes, waiting patiently for the new information to sink in I supposed.  After a long pause of stares, he turned around and walked away from the garden leaving me there with my shock. 
Chapter Thirty-Six
As the night went on, I could barely sleep.  Brok’s words just kept on hunting me during the late hours.  The image of his face, his eyes and hair were upon me like a strong wall.  The wall just continued to close around me by the minute.  I turned and twisted under the covers.  The pillow under my head bothered me several times, so I constantly changed its position, from placing it above my head, at the side of my head, folded it and then I hugged it.  After several minutes, I tossed it out of the bed annoyed.  
More minutes passed, I got up from the bed and grabbed the pillow again.  I placed it again under my head and the game went on for several hours, from here to there, to everywhere just like the green eggs and ham book that I both loved and loathed as a kid.  The pillow wasn’t the only thing that distracted me.  My position also distracted me, so I sometimes curled up like a ball to rest, but it wasn’t good enough so I laid on my back, my front, my side and still nothing worked.  Brok’s words would not go away.  “Will you marry me… because I love you.” 
Those words hunted me.  What did he mean?  Was he really in love with me or was there another explanation?  Sometimes he seemed so sincere and kind, but other times he was cruel and harsh.  I didn’t know what to believe.  
“I do not wish to pressure you and therefore I do not wish your answer in this moment…”
I tried not to feel pressured, but the words seemed to have an opposite effect.  The night hours were just a torture to me because I wanted to sleep with all of my heart, but I could not.  How would I face him tomorrow?  I had no idea.  I wasn’t even sure of my feelings for him to be quite frank.  This was madness.  He was an alien and I was a human.  How could a relationship between two different species work and could it even be possible?  He was a humanoid, but still… it was strange.  I didn’t deny it, I was scared.  How could it actually work out and what about this Earth food problem?  In my heart, I knew that he was lying and now I knew why.  He was risking his own health because of me, because he loved me.  That in itself is only one of the many dangers of our relationship.  Who knows what else I could do that could affect him adversely?  What if I killed him with a kiss?  What if his tongue had some substance that could kill me?  He had fangs after all, so who knows what could happen?  I seriously didn’t know what to do or how to act.  All I knew was that I was left with a bunch of unanswered questions. 
 This was madness.  I wished I was back home with my brother and with my dad.  Maybe if I would have turned out to be Luke Stevens’ girlfriend I wouldn’t be in this mess.  Luke Stevens?  Na.
Slowly, the tiredness weighed on me and my eyelids began to drop until they just closed.  
“Good morning Miss Torres, rise and shine,” a computerized voice said.
“Argh, not now,” I said pressing my face under the pillow.  How many hours had passed?  I felt that I had just fallen asleep. No way was I getting up from my bed.  I was extremely exhausted.  The lights in my room however turned on in high and there was banging on the door.
“Anabella,” Krimla cried out.  My droopy eyes did not want to open.  I yawned.  I felt that I was truly a sack of bones.  Krimla cried my name out again.  I heard the shush sound of the door sliding open. Krimla’s footsteps were audible to me.  They had a squishy sound, kind of like the squashing a sponge.
“Krimla… not now, please… I’m tired,” I whined.
“Anabella, is everything ready for the party?” She asked me.
“Yes, yes.  I mean… no.  I…” I said under the pillow.
“What is wrong with you?” Krimla asked.
“I’m sorry… I’m just…” - I yawned. – “So tired.”
“Well, that is unfortunate.  Would you like me to help you with your task?”
“No, gosh no,” I said nodding my head.  Krimla stood there for a moment looking at me, her hands firmly gripped on her hips.  Her hair as usual moved like waves and her ash dark eyes pierced at me.  I sat upright.
“Give me an hour and I’ll come down.  I really had a bad night,” I said.
“Okay.  Oh, I almost forgot to tell you that the master left a message for you on the chambo.  Here,” she said handing me the small device.  I sat up.
“Thank you,” I said grabbing it with trembling hands.  Krimla just stood there, looking curiously both at me and at the chambo.  I stared back and after a long and awkward silence between us until I decided I had enough spying on me for one day.  I cleared my throat.
“Um, um, thank you.  Is there anything else?” I asked her.  She shook her head.
“No, not really,” Krimla said.  
“Okay, then if that’s all you can go now.  By the way… thank you for telling me about Brok… Prince Brok’s condition,” I told her.  She nodded, turned around and left.  I stared at the little object in my hand and it was as big as a box of matches.  There was a little button on the corner side.  I imagined that if I wanted to hear a message I would have to press that and so I did.  His voice immediately send a chill up and all over my spine.
“Hello Anabella.  I hope you are well this morning and that you had a good night sleep,” he began.  Yeah, right, I thought to myself as I continued to listen into the message.  My heart was beating as I heard his voice though and I had a stupid tendency to smile.  His voice pleased me.
“I cannot wait to come home to see how this party that you have organized.  I am curious about it.  I think it is an excellent idea for the other Sha members of the council to meet you.  I have invited my parents as well.   They have expressed an interest in meeting you.  I will see you then my beauty.  Take care,” he said and the message was over.  He’s inviting his parents? I thought.  Oh my God, this was serious.  It was one thing to talk to random party goer strangers, but to his parents?  Was he taking last night’s silence as a yes?  I don’t even know what I still think about all of this.  I had to admit that I did like him a lot.  He wasn’t the monster I thought he was, but love...  I didn’t want to think about it right now.  I sighed and tried to go back to sleep for a while, but the effect of the message was too strong and I ended up twisting and turning.  This time I decided to screw it.  I was getting up.
So, I got dressed, went downstairs and ate breakfast as usual.  Then I asked Rox to help me out with the invitations. I knew that Brok had already ordered all of the members of the council and Senate to come along tonight.  I didn’t know how many of them they were actually coming to this party.  I only hoped for the best.  After sending the invitations it was time to search for a dress.  This would be a formal party, so I needed a formal dress.  I headed towards the living room and began to scan for hours until I found the perfect dress.  
“Wow,” I said as I glared at it.  It was perfect.  The color of the dress ruby red.  It was long and sheath shaped.  The upper part of it was pattern laced.  It had a boat neck that looked like a smile of a smiley face and what I liked about it the most was that it didn’t show.  My chest would be gracefully concealed.  I knew that the long elbow length sleeves would look fabulous on my body and although the upper part was pattern laced, from the waist down the dress was made in soft satin, taffeta.  It was stunning.  Now all I had to do was to pass the image on the screen to the hologram intelligence program.  I pressed the buttons to do so and in a matter of seconds the dress was in holographic form.  I got up, touched the hologram and pulled it out until the dress was materialized out into the real world.   

Chapter Thirty-Seven
I was nervous.  It was time for the party.  My heart raced with both joy and anxiety.  Hopefully, everything would go well.  Krimla and Rox were helping me out.  I had already bathed and used soap with rose fragrances.  I figured I would use a rose fragrant cream as well.  I hoped I smelled nice for the other Sha council members and senate.  I did not know if they would appreciate the scent of a rose.  I remembered that when I first met Brok he was most attracted to its thorns and not to its true beauty.  With luck, they wouldn’t be the same.
  Now however even more questions invaded my mind, like; what would I talk about with the council members and the senate?  I realized I knew nothing about politics.  When I lived on Earth if I voted once it was a miracle.  I barely even voted or cared for the candidates.  In fact for the most part I didn’t even know half of the people who ran on the ballot anyway, much less this other world, although I doubted that elections were done here.  I frankly had no idea of how the Sha system worked.  I remember the several times I tried to ask Prince Brok about it, but he always seemed stressed by it.  He never wanted to talk politics with me, so I barely knew anything.
Despite all of my insecurities I had to talk myself down, tell myself to take it easy and to try to relax.  After all this was just a party to meet the Sha people, not to talk about politics.  For all I knew they would have a lot of questions as well, so we were probably riding the same boat.  Of course, they were a bunch more and I was just one human, so that made things a little unnerving, but I figured if Brok liked me, they would eventually like me too.  
I wore my dress and slowly, but not in turtle mode I slipped my arms through the elbow length sized sleeves and fixed myself up the best I could.  I looked at myself in the mirror and a wow came out of my lips.  I had to admit, I looked radiant.   High heels that were ruby red were waiting for me on the floor next to the dresser.  I picked them up and placed them on my feet.  They were sparkling and gorgeous.  I was not too used to high heels, but luckily, I had practiced wearing them a couple of times, so the practice sessions would have to do.  Hopefully, I wouldn’t fall flat on my butt.
Someone knocked on the door.  My heart jumped.  I thought that maybe it was Brok.  
“Come in,” I said expecting him at any moment.  It wasn’t.  It was Krimla.  She came in with her usual look until she saw me in my dress.  Her jaw dropped opened.  She was about to say something when I turned around to look at her, but she was silent.  
“What’s the matter?  Are you alright?” I asked worried.  Maybe she was suffering of a heart attack or something, but since she wasn’t a human I really didn’t know.  She shrugged and shook her head rapidly.
“You look… beautiful,” she said.
“Really?  I still have to fix my hair though,” I said.
“Lovely,” Krimla said.
“Thank you,” I replied.
“Oh… I forgot… I came in here to tell you that the prince is on his way here.  He will be coming with his parents,” she said.  My pulse just accelerated twice over after she said that.  I was going to say, what?  I had to relax.
“Oh… thank you…” I said.  Was I going to faint?  I needed to catch my breath.
“Are you alright?  You seem strange?” Krimla asked me.
“No… I mean... yes I’m fine.  I’m just a little nervous,” I said shaking and nodding my head all at once.  My belly churned.  I was not as relaxed as I thought I was.  
“Oh, don’t worry Anabella, you’ll do fine,” Krimla said.  I had to wrap my head around that idea and I quickly nodded taking it in and trying to make it sink.
“Yes… thank you.  I have to fix my hair and put on some make up,” I said.  This worked wonders as a distraction.  God knew I needed one.
“Can I help you?” Krimla asked me.  I nodded.
“Yes.  I would really appreciate it, if you did.  I’m going to show you the hairstyle I want.  It has to be done exactly like you see.  Here,” I said touching the buttons of the wall.  The hairdo appeared on the wall in a hologram.  
“This is what I want,” I said.
“Wow… this hair will look… wonderful,” she said.
“Thank you,” I replied.
“Okay, so let’s do it,” she said.  Quickly and without hesitation she got her hands and her fingers to work.  I felt her fingers turning and twisting my hair.  Sometimes an occasional ouch came out of the process and Krimla would gently apologize and move on.  After half-an-hour later my hair was done.  I wore a simple, yet very effective French pleat.  I had on long bell like earrings.  
“I never knew how much difference a hair due would do to a creature’s appearance,” Krimla commented.
“You seem surprised,” I said playfully.  I had to try to calm myself down.
“I must admit that I am surprised.  Yes.  I am interested in changing my hair apparel as well,” she said.  I turned around and looked at her hair for a moment.  It seemed pretty much alive with all of that static around it.  Her purple hair moved slowly, almost like defying the rules of gravity itself.  I had no idea how to help her or if it was a good idea.  I wondered if her hair was electric.  I didn’t want to receive a shock.  I thought that maybe it was better if she dealt with her own hair and I abandoned my impulse to help her.
“Well, thank you, but I have to put on my make-up.”
“I can help,” Krimla volunteered, but I shook my head.
“No Krimla, I’d like to do it myself if you don’t mind.”
“Okay.  I will inform you when the guests arrive,” Krimla said.
“Yes, thank you, but I would like to know when Brok arrives,” I replied.  Krimla nodded and left me.  I searched for make up on the computer and once I found I pulled out of the hologram as usual and took immediately worked on putting it on.  I rummaged looking for the perfect colors or at least for the colors that I thought that would look perfect on me.  If I didn’t like a dash of this blush or that eyeliner, I had a bunch of wipes to wash my face with.  I experimented with what I felt comfortable with and with what I liked the most.  I only failed the blush test, so I ended up wiping my face, but everything else seemed to make my face look quite fine.
“A red ruby lipstick it is,” I said to myself half smiling.  I barely used any strong colors on my makeup, but tonight was a special party night.  Tonight, was a formal situation, not my usual and casual day out and so hopefully I would cause a good impression.  At least Krimla thought that I looked beautiful, so that had to count for something, right?  I added some blush for the final touch and I was done before the first bell rung.
“Anabella, the guests are arriving,” Krimla told me.
“Good.  You better escort them into the party room and make sure that Rox helps you with them,” I said.
“But what about you?  Won’t you meet with them as the coordinator of the party?” Krimla asked.  I shook all over, but I had to calm down.
“I’m waiting for Brok to arrive.  I figure, it’s his house and in the end it’s his party so… once he’s here we can greet them together,” I said.
“Oh, okay.  What should I tell the guests then?”
“Tell them that they are welcome to food and beverages.   I’ll come down as soon as the prince is here.  Oh and tell Rox that he can turn on the music.  The music that I selected for the party,” I ordered.  Was I becoming too bossy?  My gosh I was nervous.  Just relax.
“Yes, Miss Torres,” Krimla responded and out she went to meet with the guests.  
“You can do this.  You can do this,” I told myself.  Minutes later I was told that the prince had arrived home.
Chapter Thirty-Eight
This was it.  It was now or never.  I took a deep breath and looked at myself in the mirror.  I looked fine.  My hair was fine, my shoes were okay and although the dress was long, it wasn’t a length size that I couldn’t manage.  All would be fine.  For a moment as I looked at myself in the mirror I was reminded of my mother and of her beauty.  I would never forget about her as long as I lived and I was sure that she was watching me from somewhere and that she was keeping me safe.  That alone gave me the courage to open that door.  
As my heart beat with rapid speed I walked as carefully as I could.  I seemed balanced enough to do so.  After the many months that I had spent here I already knew the hallways like the back of my hand.  I walked towards the stairs and as I held on the rails I saw many people who were natively from Sha.  All of them had blue skin, but some had pale hair, others black and others an orange tone.  Their eyes were mostly the same though, most of them had that golden color regardless of their hair color.  Only one of them had dark eyes.  Most of them were of a medium height and not as tall as the prince, but they did have strong bodies and their wives seemed to have them too.
Luckily, they were all dressed in formal dresses and suits.  I wasn’t going to be an embarrassment.  Hopefully, they would appreciate some great Sha food and human music.  There was no way in hell that I was listening to that other stuff.  
I walked down the case of stairs and the stares on me were unavoidable.  As soon as I paced down, everybody was looking at me.  Their voices now hushed in a silent glamour.  I instantly shook knowing that all of the attention was now on me.  I wasn’t used to such attention and it made me increasingly nervous.  
The prince stared up after the people who accompanied him pointed towards me.  A male and female Sha were with him.  They both had dark hair with streaks of silver on it and their faces looked more mature than Brok’s.  I assumed they were his parents.  Brok pulled or shoved people away nicely to make space for himself and by the time I reached the last step, Brok held his hand up towards me.  I took it and he led the way for me.  Everyone seemed shocked by this, but nobody talked about it.  Everyone stared.  
Brok looked different and handsome… I meant to say, that he looked fine.  The thing that distinguished him the most tonight from all other nights was his hat.  He was wearing a beret that had long, pitch black feathers on its right side.  A dark scarf dangled on his neck like a necklace and a golden belt hung at his side like strip band of a beauty pageant contestant.  A long dark coat wrapped his muscled body and I wasn’t sure, but I thought that his long hair was probably in a tail.
The prince ignored everyone around us.  Most of them would not take their eyes off me and I could see them whisper in each other’s ears.  Not only that, but I noticed the two little horns on their heads.  Everybody had them, all of them except Brok.  The prince however ignored them all and walked towards the two Sha people who accompanied him.  He never let go of my hand and every time I glanced at him, he smiled with gentleness.  All I could do was thank him for his kindness and for his compassion.
“Father, this is Anabella.  Anabella, this is my father King Mroutt,” Brok said.  I bowed gently towards his father, but I could barely repeat the name.  I didn’t want to embarrass Brok, so I didn’t ask for the name again.  I simply bowed to the king in the most respectful way.  The King nodded.
“This is my mother, queen Kristta,” he said and I bowed at her just as I had done with his father.  Kristta was an easier name for me to pronounce.  I would ask about the king’s name again when we were alone.  She wore a white dress with long sleeves and a v line.  It was shaped like a bell.  She looked beautiful in it.  Her hair was long and straight.  It was jet black just like her son’s hair.2
“Nice to meet you,” I said.
“It is interesting to meet you Anabella.  Is it true that my son has asked to marry you?” The king asked.  Wow, these creatures were direct.
“Yes,” I replied.
“And what is your answer?” The King asked.  The prince gazed at me with a frown and then he interrupted the conversation before it could go on.
“Father, she is still contemplating the idea.  I do not wish to obligate her to make a choice,” Brok answered.
“That’s a miracle.  Tell us Anabella, how were you able to change our son’s heart?” His mother asked.  
“I don’t know,” I confessed awkwardly.  Krimla came to greet the guests in their language.  I didn’t understand why, but everyone was laughing and then the guests began to follow her.  We were going to the party room.  Brok grabbed my hand again and stared at me.  I looked back at him.  Then he whispered in my ear.  
“You look mesmerizing,” Brok said.  I smirked, but I didn’t respond. 
“I am almost tempted to obligating you into marriage,” he said.  Then I whispered back at him.
“I know you don’t really mean that.”
“I do mean that, but I won’t,” Brok said.
“Good,” I replied back at him as we walked on.  
“Do you know why not?” Brok asked me.  I didn’t answer, but I shook my head.
“Because I love you,” he said.  I was shocked.  I couldn’t believe it.  He said to me again.  How was I going to make up my own mind if he would constantly whispered in my ear that he loved me.  Instead of feeling confident, I felt more nervous.  I tried to calm down, but instead I almost tripped.  Brok grabbed my arm and avoided my embarrassment. 
“Are you alright?” Brok asked me.
“Yes,” I replied.
“I didn’t mean to make you nervous.  I was just trying to be courteous.  You know that I won’t obligate you into doing anything you don’t want to do.  That is the curse of loving someone.  To love and to acknowledge that they are free,” Brok said.  I swallowed hard.   
“Ah,” the people said when they entered the party room.  They seemed astounded, but in a good way.  I was grateful.  The room was brightly light with lights of white, although small lights of green and blues flashed.  With its large mirrors as walls and the additional ornamental plants that I incorporated later on made the room look incredibly exotic.  It was like stepping into an unknown jungle, but instead of using their plants, I used Earth plants and instead of using their flowers, I used red roses instead.  The tables were all placed at the far right of the room.  There was quite a buffet there with pastries of different colors, foods of all sorts and a booth with drinks on the side.  Rox was in charge of the drinking area.  He had already opened many bottles of champagne and wine and with his rapidity he served them in their glasses and he continued to serve.
“Please eat and drink as much as you want.  Enjoy the music,” Krimla said to them.  The people walked towards the buffet.  They grabbed plates and Krimla helped with the serving.  
“What is that sound?” Queen Kristta asked me.  We were listening to some piano notes.
“That queen Kristta is Earth music,” I replied.
“How appealing.  I am enjoying this Earth music,” the queen said.  I smiled for the first time feeling at ease.
“Thank you,” I replied.
“King Mroutt, are you listening to this?” 
“Yes,” the king replied.  However, his mood wasn’t as cheerful as the queen’s.  He pulled Brok’s arm and went to a corner with him.  I was going towards him, but the queen stopped me and asked me about the music.  I tried to explain the best I could, but I couldn’t keep my eyes off from Brok and his father.  What was going on and why did his dad seem to be in such a bad mood.  
“And tell me… do you know how to play these instruments?” The queen asked me.
“No, I don’t,” I replied.
“Oh, that’s too bad.  I would have loved to see you play something.”
“Yeah,” I replied.  Brok’s voice raised and others around him began to glance at his way.  Something was going on, but whatever it was, it didn’t last long.  The king walked out of the dancing room.  
“Excuse me,” I told the queen and walked towards Brok.
“What’s the matter?” I asked him.
“Not now,” the prince replied annoyed.  
“Brok!”
“Let me be,” he grumbled before he left the room.  I was going to follow him, but the queen stopped me.
“Don’t worry about them Anabella.  They will soon return,” The queen said.
“But I don’t understand… what’s going on?”
“They have a difficult relationship,” she answered.  I didn’t want to tell her what Brok had told me about them, that they didn’t really love him, but that they just tolerated him.  I felt that it wasn’t my place to say something like that to them, plus I barely knew them.  I kept my mouth shut.  Soon another Sha man came towards us.  He wore a dark green suit.  His long gray hair was in a ponytail.  The queen glanced at his way and introduced us immediately.
“Oh Anabella, this is the economic leader of the Senate, his name is Pundok,” the queen said.  Pundok grabbed my hand and kissed it.  
“How very nice to meet you,” he said.  I took my hand back as gently as I could and I smiled.
“Nice to meet you too,” I said.  Pundok, Pundok… where had I heard that name before?
“I must say that your Earth music is lovely.  The Beetles are my favorite,” Pundok said.  I noticed his two little dark thorns on his forehead. They seemed to be sharper than the usual horns that others had, but I didn’t say anything about them.  I knew too little of what they meant to actually say anything about them.  I only knew that Brok thought that he was ugly because he didn’t have them. 
“You know of the Beetles?” I asked.  I was honestly surprised.
“Yes, of course.  After the Senate studied your world we knew many things about it and music was one of those things.  Is their record part of the menu?” He asked me.
“No… not really, but I’ll include it in a next party,” I said.
“Yes, you must do more of these parties.  However, I don’t see any of your foods on the buffet.  I wonder why?”
“Well… I wanted to make the people of Sha more comfortable.”
“That’s a relief.  Thousands of our men died because of the consumption of your food,” Pundok said.  The queen shushed him.
“Pundok, don’t say that.  How rude of you!” Queen Kristta said.
“Oh, I’m sorry queen.  It was not my intention to be rude, but to be honest,” Pundok said.  The queen sneered at him, but I waved at her.
“Mr. Pundok, wait a minute, is this true?” I asked.
“Yes,” Pundok replied.
“That is not yet a fact Pundok, that is only a theory,” the queen replied.  I frowned suspiciously not knowing what to think.
“A theory… yes of course my queen, but it is a very strong theory,” Pundok replied.  His dark eyes didn’t leave my face and I wondered where I had heard his name.  
“Mr. Pundok, have we met before?” I asked him and he laughed.
“Why Anabella, I thought that the prince Brok was the only Sha that you knew.  I didn’t know that he allowed you to meet others like myself,” he said.
“Oh… right…” I said.  What an idiot.  How could I have met him when Prince Brok was the only Sha being that I knew, but his accent, his voice or something seemed familiar to me.  I shook my head and laughed in return.
“You’re right.  Maybe you remind me of a human,” I laughed.  Pundok laughed again.
“I doubt it,” he mumbled out loud.  He never took his eyes off me.  Other Shas came to me and asked me thousands of questions.  I felt alright.  I really didn’t feel as bad as I thought I would, but there was something missing in this party and that something was the prince.  

Chapter Thirty-Nine
The music of the party changed from instrumental to song.  I heard a wow in the audience.  The song was “Completemente Enamorados” which translates in English “Completely in love,” performed by Chayanne.  The song was a slow ballad, an oldie, but I totally loved it.  Queen Kristta approached me with other Sha people.
“What an amazing melody!”
“Blah!  I prefer the high notes of the Tumpla any day of the week.  This music is ridiculous,” another Sha member said.
“Anabella, come here, quick.  I would like you to meet some more Senate members,” the queen said waving at me.  I walked towards her as she continued to speak to the other three Sha people she was accompanied with.
“Isn’t she lovely?”
“For a human I suppose,” the other one said.  I swallowed hard.  I hoped that this conversation wouldn’t be too uncomfortable.  I approached the group and greeted them as kindly as I could, bowing to each member.
“This is Shuttu, Brutt and Luckutus,” The queen said.  Hard names for me, I thought.  It would take me a while to remember them all.  Shuttu and Brutt had long orange hair and golden eyes, Luckutus was dark haired, but he had purple eyes.  Luckutus was the shortest of the three, in fact I think he was the shortest of all of the Sha people I had seen.  Shuttu on the hand was chubby looking and Brutt wore glasses.  Then another Sha came towards us.
“Oh, this is Tamil,” The queen said.  Tamil had long, blond hair and blue eyes.  He smiled and grabbed my hand to kiss it.
“Nice to meet you Anabella.  The prince has told me nothing but wonders,” Tamil said.  I smiled back.
“I’m sure he has…” Luckutus sneered back.
“Luckutus we are not all species supremacists,” Tamil said.
“Sure, even though the evidence of mixing with this species suggests that it is overwhelmingly dangerous to our kind,” Luckutus said.
“Evidence?” I asked, but I seemed to be ignored in the conversation.  My throat went dry.
“Luckutus, not evidence, but theory,” Shuttu said.
“Oh, that’s right, nowadays nothing that we see is evidence, but mere theories.  My dear you look very lovely and I don’t mean you to particularly be a threat to us, but certainly your kind is not as charming as the prince describes,” Luckutus said.
“Luckutus, that is enough.  Be polite,” the queen said.
“Of course, queen Kristta.  My apologies to you Miss Anabella,” he said bowing towards me.  Frankly, I could care less of his hypocrite politeness.  I wanted to know what was going on in my home planet.
“Luckutus, may I ask how do you know about my species?”
“Anabella, this conversation is political.  This is a party.  We should be here relaxing, not talking about politics,” the queen said.  Rox had a tray filled with glasses of wine and as he walked past by us, the queen grabbed two glasses of them and she passed one of them to me.  I grabbed it, but didn’t drink from it.  The queen however was sipping it with joy.
“Queen, it’s not my wish to be disruptive in any way, but I haven’t seen my planet for… years.”
“You haven’t missed out on much honey, I can promise you that,” Luckutus said.
“Luckutus, that’s enough!” Shuttu said.
“How dare you speak of these matters with Anabella!  The prince himself ordered that this should not be discussed outside of the political realm,” Tamil said with a loud voice.  Some of the party members now looked over at our way and Luckutus cleared his throat.
“You are right.  That order must have slipped off my mind.  I apologize.  I was just being sincere.  After all the girl does deserve to have some information,” Luckutus said pointing towards me with his chin.
“I doubt that the order of the prince slipped off your mind as you suggest,” Shuttu said.
“Well, you must be an incredible mind reader, are you not?” Luckutus discussed.
“Mind readers are forbidden Luckutus!  Did that slip your mind also?”
“Maybe you should tell us, since you seem to read minds so well,” Luckutus said.  Shuttu frowned and grabbed Luckutus by the collar.
“Are you accusing me of being a mind reader?  I should kill you right here and now!” Shuttu shouted.  The guests were definitely looking now our way.  I was scared.  I tried to intervene by putting myself in between them, but the queen grabbed my arm and shook her head to discourage me.  
“Shuttu, you do not have the standing or the strength to defeat me!  Come then, try your best shot,” Luckutus said.
“Stop it!” I yelled, but the crowds were now coming in and they chanted “Fight, fight, fight”.  They formed a circle around the fighters and now they were all observing it with their fists out and up.  They seemed excited by the event.  I on the other hand was horrified.  
Shuttu swung a fist at Luckutus, but Luckutus blocked it and then pushed Shuttu with force.  Shuttu slipped and fell on his back.  I tried to intervene, but the queen held me back further and further away from the fight.  I was so tense that I wanted to crash down and cry.  I knew that this party was now absolutely ruined forever.  Shuttu got up.  He tried to tuck his tummy which flapped like a pile of gelatin. He snatched a chair.  He ran as fast as he could, with his trembling belly towards Luckutus and smacked him on the head with it.  Luckutus tripped backwards, but he didn’t fall to the floor.  Angrily he moved forward and grabbed the chair.  Both of them were furiously growling at each other while holding some part of the same chair.  They were like two lions fighting over a pile of meat.
 “What is this?” I heard a roar from somewhere else.  It was the prince!  The guests immediately left the circle.  However, Luckutus was able to take the chair out of Shuttu’s hands and he smacked Shuttu’s legs with it.  Shuttu tripped and fell on the floor.  Brok grabbed Luckutus’ back part of his collar.
“Luckutus, what have you done!” The prince asked.  Luckutus immediately let go of the chair.  His eyes popped open immediately and he turned around to face the prince.  When he saw him, he immediately went to the floor and knelt.  His head was now down, his eyes on the floor.
“Prince Brok, please I beg you forgive me,” Luckutus said.
“No mercy!” Shuttu cried out loud.  I was shocked and terrified beyond belief.  I didn’t understand anything of what was going on.  I only understood that there had been a fight over a mind reading insult or something like that, but seriously, this was crazy.
“Explain yourself!” The prince said.
“Luckutus accused me of being a mind reader,” Shuttu said.
“Is this true?” Brok asked him.  Luckutus nodded.
“Yes… but I beg for your mercy.  It was a mistake,” Luckutus said.
“A grave mistake indeed.  You should be punished.  Do you know what is the punishment for your insult?” The prince asked.
“My tongue should be cut out,” Luckutus answered.
“Then you knew the consequences of your insult?” Brok asked him.
“I did.”
“Then you know that the consequences must be met with the action committed, is that not correct?” Brok asked him.
“Yes,” Luckutus answered.  What in the hell?  I couldn’t believe that this was going on.  
“Rox, get me my blade,” the prince commanded.  
“Yes master,” Rox said and he left the room.  The queen no longer held my arm and so I vanished into the crowds.
“Brok, Brok!” I yelled.  Brok looked back searching for my voice.
“Anabella?” Brok asked as I approached.  Rox and I arrived at the same time.  He handed the long, sharpened blade to the prince.  Luckutus lifted his head up and opened his mouth.  He took his tongue out and was ready to have it removed.
“No!  Don’t do this, please,” I begged.  Luckutus looked at me stung with surprise.  Brok’s eyes were wide and the rest of the guests gasped in wonder.  I looked around me and all I could see were stares of amazement.  I didn’t care.  
“Anabella you do not understand.”
“I understand a mistake when I see one,” I said.  Then I approached Luckutus and looked into his purple eyes.
“Luckutus, this mistake will never happen again, will it?” I asked.  Luckutus placed his tongue back in and responded.  
“No,” he said shaking his head.
“Luckutus you did not mean what you said to Shuttu.  You were furious because he contradicted you, isn’t that right?” I asked him and Luckutus nodded.
“Yes.”
“He was talking of a forbidden subject,” Tamil said.  
“Is this true?” Brok asked.  Luckutus nodded.
“He was only confused, weren’t you Luckutus?” I insisted.  Luckutus looked at me with astonishment in his eyes, yet he nodded.
“Prince, this is not a life or death issue, this is an issue that should be further discussed in your political realm.  I have the firm belief that Luckutus is as stressed as the rest of the Senate about political issues which is why this party has been held in the first place.  However, Luckutus needs rest and should leave the party at once.  Tomorrow he will be renewed,” I said.  Luckutus stared at me in awe, but the prince was quick tongued.
“Is this the truth Luckutus?  Are you also stressed by politics?” Brok asked him.  Luckutus nodded almost immediately.
“Yes, my prince.”
“Stand up then.  Your tongue has been spared tonight.  You should thank my Anabella for this mercy,” the prince said.  Luckutus stood up with watery eyes.  He looked at me.  He still seemed shocked.
“Thank you, Miss Anabella,” he said.  I nodded.
“You’re welcome.  I hope to see you again more rested.  I’m sure that you and I will be good friends,” I said.  Luckutus nodded and left the party.  Shuttu glared at me.  Tamil didn’t seem too happy about it and he walked towards Brok, but Brok waved him away.
“We will talk tomorrow about this.  Let us enjoy the rest of the party and I want no more forbidden discussions in this party,” the prince ordered.  Everyone nodded, but their stares towards me intensified.  I wondered if I had done the right thing or not, since their stares were no longer friendly.  Even the queen looked at me with discomfort.  I suddenly felt all alone in this party.  The prince approached me and grabbed my hand.
“You are wonderful,” he said to me.  I looked around and glanced at the other party guests, but I didn’t feel as wonderful.
“Your friends don’t seem to like me.”
“Do not worry or care about their feelings.  I am the prince and they must obey me… and if you answer yes to me… my wife,” he said.  I placed my head down feeling a blush on my cheeks.  
“This party is so ruined,” I mumbled.  The prince grabbed my chin, placing my head up.
“You will not look at the floor, but up, where your eyes belong,” he said.  I half smiled.  I still didn’t feel as good as I wanted to, but his words soothed me.
“This is the best party I have been too.  In fact, it has been the only one,” Brok said.
“That explains everything,” I replied.
“In my world fights are very thrilling and this will be talked about for the following days to come.  Now you will become part of a Sha discussion,” Brok said.
“Me?  I didn’t want to become part of a Sha discussion.”
“Well, rather you want it or not, you will become.  You will be known as the human of mercy,” he said.  I swallowed some bile.  The human of mercy just seemed like a very big title for me and I sincerely doubted that I could uphold such a title, in fact I didn’t want to.
“Could you please forbid that title on me?”
“Of course.  Now tell me, how has the party been so far?  Disregard the fight of course.  I can tell that you did not like it at all.”
“Of course not.  The idea was to relax, not to have people kill each other over political discussions or name calling,” I said.  The prince nodded.
“These are stressful times Anabella.  This is why I avoided this subject with you.”
“I know it has to do with my planet,” I said.  The prince cleared his throat and avoided looking at me, but I went on.
“I want to know what’s going on,” I insisted.
“This is not a good time or a place Anabella.”
“When would be a good time exactly?” I asked.
“I do not know, but it is not now.”
“Brok, please…” I pleaded with droopy eyes.  Brok looked at me for a moment.
“Damn you!  Alright.  I’ll tell you tomorrow, but under one condition,” Brok replied.
“Anything,” I said.
“Hum… anything?  Now that’s interesting. You would do anything I ask of you.  Anything at all?” Brok asked me.  I frowned back at him.  He laughed.
“Ha, ha, ha.  I promised not to force you into marriage, although I am very tempted to do so.  No, of course not.”
“Then what?” I asked curious.
“I will tell you if you dance with me,” Brok responded.  I laughed.  
“Seriously?” I asked.
“Yes.  I verified some Earth information.  You had mentioned dancing, but I wanted to be sure what Earth dancing was, so I checked some files.”
“And?”
“A little different, but not so much.”
“Okay, but let’s dance after this song.  This one is already ending.”
“Wonderful idea,” he told me and then he clapped his hands twice.  Rox came to him and he ordered the robot to lower the volume of the music.
“Listen up, ladies and gentlemen, members of the Senate and the Council.  Now the dance will begin.  Anabella and I will be the first to lead, then you may follow if you can!” Brok said with a huge grin, his sharp fangs showing.
“Hooray!” Cried the crowd, their fists raised up in the air.  Roars and laughter came out of their mouths, the King was nowhere to be seen, but the queen cheered and clapped.  The fight scene and the pardon seemed to have been forgotten for the moment.  People cheered at us with joy.  I had to smile.
“Wonderful Anabella!”  Said Tamil with a smile.
“I must say that this party has been memorable.  Anabella, you are wonderful,” said Shuttu.
“Love human parties, the music, the dances and the decorations,” the queen said.
“Yes, very nice,” Pundok said.  Others cheered on and laughed.
“Long live Prince Brok, long live Prince Brok!”
“May the princess live forever!” Shouted others.  I blushed.
“Wow, did you hear that?  Some have already embraced you as the princess,” Brok said.
“Me?  A princess?” I asked shocked.
“Not just a princess, but the princess of Sha,-“ Brok said and then he cheered back at the crowds with his fist up and shouted.- “We shall dance.”
The volume of the music went up.  The song was totally unexpected.  I could hear it’s slow and sexy melody of piano, bass and guitar.  The rhythm was slow, the song was perfectly performed by the late Selena and the title of the song “I could fall in love with you”.  I literally felt my heart beat leap out of me and go directly into my throat.  Brok held my hand and my delicate fingers.  I felt his body come so near to me that I could almost be a part of his own body and veins.  My cheeks were on fire, my chest wanted to explode and I felt my knees go weak.  Brok held the small of my back tightly, but gently and together we danced.  However, I felt that my feet were no longer touching the floor.  I was flying, gliding in the sky with him.  The faces in the room smiled, but soon they disappeared from my eyes and I was alone with Brok.  I rested my cheek on Brok’s arm.  We danced slowly, but rhythmically.  I closed my eyes, listened to the music and just let my body go.  The lyrics just dragged me into oblivion.  “I should keep you to myself and never let you go… I could fall in love… with you…”  Selena sang.  I don’t know where I was, but I was no longer on Sha.  
“Anabella?” I heard Brok whisper to me.  I looked up and glanced into his golden eyes.  I couldn’t speak.
“I love you,” Brok said.  I couldn’t answer, but I saw his face approach mine.  I did not move or flinch.  His lips approached me and I fully allowed them to kiss my lips.  I embraced them.  His lips were soft, his fangs sharp, but he was gentle.   Frankly, I was tired of fighting him off and not just him, but my own emotions.  I was tired of being afraid of him when he was not the beast I thought he was and I finally accepted that I too had fallen in love with the prince of Sha. 
Chapter Forty
After our kiss, I opened my eyes.  Was I dreaming? I thought to myself.  Brok’s golden eyes looked into mine and smiled.  After a moment, I glanced around to see if the rest of the guests were paying attention to us, but they were enraptured in the music.  Most of them were already dancing and seemed to be just as entranced by the music as ourselves.  Brok looked around as well.
“Is something the matter Anabella?” he asked me.  I shook my head.
“No.  Everything is fine.”
“Yes, it is.  In fact, things have never been so fine,” Brok said.  I smiled as he still embraced me.  I still had his hand in mine and his arm still held me in place and we were still dancing in slow motion.
“Brok, can we go someplace?  Someplace private?” I asked him.  Brok nodded.
“Yes, of course,” he said and we broke our dancing pose and left the room.  The queen gazed at us and smiled.  I smiled back politely.  Others didn’t seem to share the same enthusiasm as the queen.  The King was nowhere to be seen and I assumed that he had left the party just like Luckutus had done so earlier.  There was also a group of Sha people within the party who didn’t seem too pleased at us as well. Pundok was among one of them.  I knew that I wasn’t capable of pleasing everyone so I moved on.
The prince and I held hands as we left the room.  I wanted to talk to him somewhere away from all of the prying eyes.  I hoped that maybe now after our dance and kiss I could finally convince him to tell me what exactly was going on in Earth.  Not that I kissed him exclusively for that reason.  The truth was that I had already fallen in love with him.  I had not accepted this because I thought that it was impossible to love him.  He was so different from me, not just physically, but his stature, his position in this world and his strong character, but I was learning that when it came to love none of those slogans truly mattered.  All that mattered was the feeling between us and the moments that took our breath away.  Brok and I approached the garden.  The place where I loved to spend my time the most.
“Brok.”
“Yes, my love?”  I swallowed hard and then I grabbed his hand.  Brok smiled.
“Brok, I want to know what’s going on in my planet?” I said.  Brok’s smile waned.  He immediately shook his hands-off mine and frowned.
“Is that why you kissed me?” He asked annoyed.  I frowned back.
“What?  No of course not!  How dare you,” I said.
“You kissed me to manipulate me, is that it?”
“What?  You’re crazy!”
“You don’t really love me at all, do you?  You have been faking your love for me, all this time,” he said.
Are you insane?  How could I be faking?”
“It figures.  I knew it was too good to be true.  So, tell me, what do you want?  Do you want to return to Earth, is that it?”
“I can return?” I asked.  I was suddenly overjoyed by this idea.  On the one side I was hurt and upset of his accusations, but on the other I was incredibly hopeful of the idea of returning to Earth.  I was anxious to see the future of my planet.  Brok on the other hand didn’t seem as enthusiastic.  He took his hat off and scratched his head.
“Damn you Anabella, I thought you loved me!”
“I do love you.”
“Right and that’s why you’ll abandon me on the first chance you get,” Brok complained.  I approached him and grabbed his face in my hands.  Then I kissed his lips.  They were soft.
“Of course not.  Brok I do love you truly.”
“Then why would you want to return to Earth?  Certainly, you want to abandon me!” He said.
“Brok, put yourself in my place for one moment.  If you were suddenly snatched from your planet with no news about it at all for months and months, wouldn’t you want to return?”
“So, you still look at me as if I am your captor instead of the man that loves you?  I should have known that you would never forgive me.”
“Brok, we’ve been through this already.  I gave myself up for my father, besides you were only doing what you thought was right at the time and so was I,” I admitted.  Brok frowned again and placed his hands on his hips.  His hat still dangled on his hand.
“Brok, please.”
“I will allow you to return to your planet if you comply in one condition,” Brok said.
“Yes?” I asked.
“You must come back to me,” Brok said.
“I promise,” I replied.
“Now you must understand what’s at stake here if you don’t return.”
“But I will return.  I promise.  Besides I know there’s nothing there for me anymore,” I said sadly remembering that more than twenty thousand years had passed on Earth and that my family and friends were long gone.  Brok sighed.
“Alright, alright.  I’ll tell Rox to use the time transporter,” Brok said.  
“The what?”
“The time transporter.  I’ll tell him to use the time transporter to get you back into the time of your family’s lifetime,” Brok said.  Water formed in the irises of my eyes.  I could hardly believe it.
“You would do that for me?” I asked.
“Yes Anabella.  I would do anything for you.  You already know that I love you,” Brok said.  I did what my first instinct told me to do.  I hugged him.
“Thank you, thank you,” I said with tears streaming down my face.  I could hardly believe that I was going back to Earth, but now better than that, I was actually going back in time to see my family, my father and my brother.
“Anabella, you can only live in the past for three days.  After that you must return or your cells will begin to deteriorate,” Brok said.  I nodded.
“Also, if you do not return in three days I too will die.”
“You are such a baby,” I said.
“I’m serious.  If you don’t return I’ll order my own execution and die.”
“You can’t be serious,” I said suddenly.
“I am.  You have given me a reason to live, but if you leave me forever then that reason is gone.  As you know I was waiting for my own execution because of my lack of empathy, but now I feel that empathy is all that I have left.  I am different.  I feel different.  You have made me change,” Brok said.  I grabbed his cheeks again and kissed him for a third time.  Brok smiled.
“That’s called extortion,” I replied.
“That’s called truth,” Brok said.  I frowned and ignored his wails. 
“So, when can I go back?”
“Whenever you want,” Brok answered.  He didn’t seem too happy with all of this.  I however was ecstatic, but I dared not to show my true feelings about the subject.  Brok seemed hurt already by the prospect.  
“Prince Brok I promise to come back,” I said.  He nodded.
“Alright.  So, I’m guessing that you would like to leave tonight?” Brok asked me.
“No, not tonight.  I would like to leave tomorrow, if that’s alright with you.  It’s been a long day and frankly after all the excitement that’s occurred during these last hours I wouldn’t mind to rest my head a little,” I said.
“One more night with you is better than a thousand without you,” Brok said.
“Brok could you stop being so melodramatic.  I am coming back,” I said.  Brok nodded.
“We’ll see about that,” Brok said.
“Brok?”
“Yes?” Brok replied.
“Thank you,” I said.
“You’re welcome.”

Chapter Forty-One
I didn’t want to return to the party room.  I was so happy talking to Brok about my trip tomorrow and about my family.  However, I heard the clicking of the high heels and tilted to see who it was.  Brok turned around to see the presence of his mother.
“I wondered where you two were?”  Queen Kristta asked.
“Here,” Brok replied.
“Just talking,” I said.  The queen’s dark long hair ruffled with the gentle breeze.  
“I’m sure you’re talking about the wedding arrangements.  Yes?” The queen asked.  I blushed immediately.  I was totally embarrassed. 
“Mother, please.”
“Alright, alright.  I promised not to interfere,” The queen said.  I frowned at Brok.  He had obviously talked to her about us.
“And so you must keep your word,” Brok said.
“I will son.  I will, but first I would like to thank Anabella.”
“Me?” I asked surprised.
“Of course, dear for this lovely party and for helping my son with his… disability,” she said.  Brok frowned annoyed.
“Oh… you’re welcome,” I replied feeling awkward.  The queen then pulled Brok’s braid and bringing it forward.  Then she kissed it.  
“Goodbye my son.  I must go.”
“Send my regards to father,” Brok said.
“I’m sure he loves the party and can’t wait to see you tie the knot.  Goodbye my dear.”
“Goodbye,” Brok said.  Then the queen grabbed part of my hair and kissed it.  I felt very strange about it, but I figured it was a cultural thing.  The queen left the garden.
“I think it’s time to start dispatching the rest of the guests.  What do you think?” Brok asked me.  I nodded and yawned.  I was definitely in for it.
“Yeah, I think it’s a good idea,” I said.  Brok held his elbow up and I enlaced my arm with his.  We walked together towards back to the party room and Brok informed the guests that the party was over.  Everyone in groups said their goodbyes to us.  Most of the groups that came smiled at me, wished me good luck and gracefully said that they were charmed with me.  Not all of the groups were gracious, some were a bit husky, but inoffensive.  Pundok came towards me.
“Well Anabella, I must say that it was very interesting,” Pundok said.  He looked deep into my eyes and into Brok’s.  However, Brok seemed occupied with other guests.
“I’m glad that you find the party interesting,” I replied.
“Not just the party.  You were certainly an unexpected pleasure,” Pundok said.
“So are you,” I spat back.  Pundok bowed and left.  He walked towards the prince, said his goodbyes and walked away.  He walked with a long, proud stride and I wondered where had I seen or heard of him before.  I watched him closely, as closely as a hawk and my gaze didn’t abandon him until he left.  
“Nice to meet you, wonderful party,” other Senate members said.  Tamil came towards me and said goodbye.
“It was a very nice experience.  I loved the music.  We must exchange it,” Tamil said.
“Yes,” I said half smiling.  Honestly, I was okay with giving him some music, but receiving Sha music didn’t appeal to me as much.  However, I tried to be as kind as I could.  Tamil seemed to be alright.  
“Prince Brok!  My loyalty to the kingdom,” Tamil said.
“Thank you,” Brok answered.  They waved goodbye at each other and half an hour later the rest of the guests were gone.  Frankly, I was exhausted.  Rox and Krimla were picking up and throwing things in garbage cans.  
“I’m beat.  I’m going to bed,” I told Brok.
“Yes, please do so.  After all you must rest for your trip,” Brok said.
“Yes.”
“Trip?” Krimla asked.
“Mind your business.  You have tasks here to finish,” Brok said.
“Yes, master,” Krimla replied.  I frowned at Brok and scorned at him.
“Brok, why do you have to be so mean to her?  It’s alright Krimla.  Yes, I’m travelling to Earth… tomorrow,” I said.  Krimla dropped a tray that she had recently grabbed and it fell to the floor.  The tray crashed.
“Tomorrow?” Krimla asked.
“Yes, tomorrow.  Why?  Is there something wrong with that?” I asked.  Krimla glanced back at Brok and answered hesitated.
“Oh, no, no, of course not Miss.  May you have a good trip.  Excuse me, but I must finish up in here,” Krimla said snatching the tray on the floor.  Heaps of food had spilt there and I wanted to help, but she waved me away.
“No Miss, please.  This is my job,” Krimla said.
“Anabella, she’s right and we should leave them to it,” Brok said.  Had I seen Krimla afraid of Brok?  I wasn’t sure, but the exchange of looks in between them made me suspicious.  However, I decided to ignore it, after all I was too excited since I was tomorrow going to Earth.
“Okay.  Goodnight Krimla.”
“Goodnight Miss.”  I gazed over at Rox.  
“Goodnight Rox.”
“Goodnight Anabella.”  What a cool robot.  Rox wore his white robe over his metallic body and he still looked so awesome.  His body moved fast.  He didn’t need to rest or take a break.  He could just go on and on.  
“Come,” Brok said to me.  He placed his arm over my shoulder and left with him.  I felt warm and safe under his arms.  
“Brok… I’ve been thinking,” I said.
“About what?”
“About your marriage proposal,” I replied.  Brok however, shook his head.
“No, no, no.  I don’t want you to precipitate your answer yet,” Brok said.  I nodded.
“I know that you’re afraid that I may say no.”
“I confess that I am, but I don’t want you to say yes because of my fears.  I want you to say yes for you,” Brok said.  I nodded.
“I know.  I wasn’t going to say yes because of your fears.”
“What are you saying, exactly?” Brok asked me.  I inhaled as much air as possible through my nose.  I was very nervous, but after everything I had been through and after tonight I realized that I was never going to be the same again.  It didn’t matter if I went back to Earth or not.  I just could not imagine my life without Brok anymore.
“I’m saying yes.”
“You’re saying yes?” Brok asked me with a smile.
“I’m saying yes,” I repeated.  Brok grabbed me and swung me in the air laughing.  I laughed both surprised and with some ounce of fear.  I didn’t expect him to grab me like that.  
“You’re saying yes to me?  Are you really saying yes to me?” Brok asked again.
“Yes,” I repeated.  Brok laughed and cheered.  He placed me down again and he kissed me again.  His lips were soft and tender.  His tongue moist and warm.
“Thank you, Anabella, thank you for making my life worthwhile.”
“Don’t say that,” I scorned.
“It’s the truth.  Thank you.  I love you so much.  You have made me so happy,” Brok said.
“Really?” I asked.
“Yes, of course you have.”
“So now you won’t have to worry about my return,” I said.
“Yes, thank you.  It would have been torture to me.”
“Oh, Brok!”
“Say that you love me!” Brok begged.
“I love you,” I said.
“Yes,” he yelled and then he held me again in his arms and kissed me gently.  We kissed for a quite some time and then I reminded him that I was very tired.
“Of course, Anabella.  Sleep my love.  I love you… so much,” Brok said.
“I love you too,” I replied.
“I love when you tell me that you love me,” he said.  I had to laugh.
“Okay.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Yes.  I will not go to work tomorrow.  Tomorrow we will have breakfast before you leave,” Brok said.
“Okay, goodnight.”
“Goodnight,” he said.  I grabbed the rails of the stairs and walked up and to my bedroom.  When I arrived, I closed the door and dove into my bed with a smile.  What a wonderful night, I thought.  The party had been a success, I was engaged to a person I loved and soon I would become the princess of Sha.  
Chapter Forty-Two
I woke up the next day with much enthusiasm.  The birds were chirping, the sky was brilliant purple and the sun was deliciously warm.  I was so happy to know that I was going back to Earth.  I was not only going back to Earth, but I was travelling through time, something that seemed impossible had not only turned into a possibility, but into an actual fact.  I was going to see my dad and my brother.  I wondered if I should go see them before or after I left.  It would be strange to see myself with them though.  I would have to discuss this with Brok who-
Knock, knock.
“Yes?”
“Good morning, beautiful!” Brok said.
“Brok?” I said and smiled.  I got up from my bed and I was still in my Pj’s, but I was nevertheless too happy to care about my appearance.  I ran to the door, pounded on a few buttons and the door slid open.  Brok had a smile on his face and a rose in his hand.  He stretched out the rose for me.
“This is for you, beautiful.”  
“Thank you,” I replied snatching the rose.  I sniffed its deliciously delicate scent and stared at my fiancé.  He was dressed in loosely casual clothing, dark pants and a white short-sleeved shirt.  
“You look nice,” I said.
“I do not believe you.”
“But it’s true, that shirt accentuates your arms,” I said.  Brok smiled and his cheeks turned purple.  
“Are you… blushing?” I asked.
“No,” he replied bluntly.  I laughed.  Brok, however didn’t laugh with me today.  He wasn’t angry, but he seemed more serene than other days.  I hoped he was alright.  
“Anabella, I will be waiting for you in the garden today, since you will be abandoning me,” Brok said.
“Would you relax, it’s not like I’m leaving forever,” I said.  Brok didn’t respond.  He sighed and I wondered if he was weary or sad.  He was probably feeling a little melancholic since I was leaving so I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and kissed his cheek in the hopes that my little gesture would cheer him up a bit.
“Sure,” Brok grumbled.
“I love you,” I insisted, but Brok merely smiled back at me.  He only smirked at me although he did nod.  However, he dropped my hands to the sides of my hips and I seemed to be totally powerless under his burden.  I stared back into his face hoping that he would kiss me in return, but instead he moved his face from me and then turned his body altogether and walked away from me.  Why would he do that? I wondered.  
“Brok?”
“I am happy that you like the rose,” he said.
“Of course, I do,” I responded quickly.  
“And the rose garden,” he said.  I nodded.
“But you know what I like the most?” I told him.  
“What?” He asked as he walked nearby the door.  The door made a swoosh sound and slid up.
“You,” I replied.  He turned to face me.
“Okay,” he said simply.
“Okay?  Just okay?” I asked.  He ignored my remarks.
“I’ll have breakfast made for you.  What would you like to eat?”
“I don’t know… an omelet with the usual things that I like,” I said.  Brok nodded, turned and left.  The door slid back down.  I thought it was strange of Brok to not react with joy after I told him that I liked him the most.  He seemed a bit joyful when he gave me the rose.  Did something change?  Maybe he was suffering from one of his mood swings, that or he was truly trying to guilt trip me with this time travelling trip, but I wasn’t going to change my mind.  I loved him.  I loved him more than I could ever love anyone else, but I had a right to go back to see my planet.  After all I was entitled to see my family and I would do just that.  I changed into some casual jeans and t-shirt.  I figured it was going to be a long trip and although I would probably sleep all the way through it anyway I wanted to be as nice looking yet as comfortable as possible.  Black was going to be today’s colors.  It didn’t mean at all that I was sad, I just wanted to look as ordinary as possible.  After I dressed I went downstairs with a smile on my face.  Strangely as I trotted down the steps I found myself with Krimla who was dusting the holographic screens laughing and singing things I didn’t understand.  Today she was not dressed in her usual boring attire of black, today she had on a blue sapphire dress with white lacing I was almost in shock to see how content she was, it was almost unreal, unnatural even to see her in such a state.  I almost tripped, but she was so far gone she didn’t seem to notice me.  After I arrived to the first floor I stood there and observed her.  She just seemed to be somewhere else.
“Good morning,” I said to her.  She didn’t listen or ignored me.  I was unsure.
“Krimla!”
“Ah!” She screamed before turning around.  I jerked myself after the brief scare of her reaction.   It was unexpected.
“Anabella!  What are you doing here?  Aren’t you supposed to be travelling to Earth?” She asked me.
“I’ll be leaving this afternoon,” I said. 
“Oh,” she said placing her hand on her chest.  I wondered if her heart was still beating harshly after the scare.  I wouldn’t be surprised.
“You seem to be in a good mood.  Does it have to do with my trip?” I asked her.  Krimla shook her head.  
“What?  No, not at all.”
“I’m guessing you’ll have less work now that I’ll be gone.”
“Yes, that is true,” Krimla said nodding.
“Okay then, but it’s not like I’m leaving forever.  Brok wants me back here in three days and I intend to keep my promise,” I said.
“Oh, but I was not celebrating your departure.  I was simply celebrating my own life,” she said.
“It’s your birthday?” I asked and she frowned annoyed.
“No.  Would you like anything Miss Torres?” She asked in a bad temper all of a sudden.  I decided to ignore it and to move on.
“No, not at all.”
“Well if you’ll excuse me miss, but I have work to do.” 
“Okay.”
“Have a nice trip,” Krimla said.
“Thanks,” I replied and left to the garden.
The sun was warm and bright, I could see it’s bright light illuminating the purple skies.  The skies were so beautiful that for a moment they reminded me of Earth.  How I missed the clear blue skies.  During the last months, I had been scanning through several pictures of Earth, particularly during the evenings.  Every night after dinner I would sit down on the living room with Brok and I would pass the pages of books that were made on Earth.  I simply had to pull them out of the holographic images and there they were, thousands of books, some of them with pictures of the moon, the stars and the skies and others with simple words, words that were too beautiful and too powerful to be portrayed in a single picture.  
The rays of the sun were like a fountain of words, perfect in every shape and form.  The trees were as beautiful as they were bizarre, with their colors of yellow and their shapes of spikes, the dirt was red and lovely like the cherries I ate during the afternoons when I had any ice cream flavors that I wanted and the breeze was warm and tingling.  For the first time, I admitted to myself that the planet Sha was actually an amazing place, that living in the castle doing whatever I wanted and whenever I wanted was just a liberating experience and that I would truly miss being the princess I never thought I was.  As I walked towards my fiancée I realized how lucky I was to have found him, how he truly took my breath away and how I no longer had any needs of any kind.  His long hair was over his shoulders, my God how shiny and beautiful those thin strips of raven colored hair.  
He was so handsome, his hands so strong, his arms so warm.  I wanted him.  I wanted him to be with me forever.  He sat there on the chair with his hands folded on the table, carefully placing them out of the triangular shaped plate, making sure that his dark nails would be intact from the stain of food. 
 He was glancing out into his enormous garden, forest-like space with his golden bright eyes, just looking at the flowers, shrubs and trees in front of him.  I stood silent in the hall for a moment and watched his features.  He looked sad to me.  The wind blew part of his hair and it brushed his blue face and he seemed like a lost puppy without his mom.  I wondered if it was a good idea to leave now, maybe I could wait a little longer.  I was unsure.  He looked at me and I hesitated.  I didn’t expect him to see me spying at him, so I feigned ignorance and walked towards him.  He immediately got up and waited for me as I came over.  Strands of dark hair crossed over his face.  He looked perfect.
“I was waiting for you,” he said.
“I’m here,” I answered.  Brok nodded and pulled out a chair for me.  I sat down and as I did I noticed a little brown notebook next to his plate.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“Oh, this… well, this is something I would like to give to you Anabella.”
“What is it?”
“It’s my heart,” he said.
“You’re what?”
“My heart.  Do you remember when we sat together to read a few poems of your world?” He asked me.  He picked up the notebook and opened it.
“Yes?”
“Well, during my spare time at my work I would look back for the poems we read together the nights before, but because I could not remember them all I decided to write them down in this notebook.  These are the poems that remind me of you,” he said.
“Of me?”
“Yes.  Of us,” he said.
“May I?” I asked and I extended my hand.
“Of course,” Brok said and he handed it to me.  I immediately noticed that the notebook was almost full.  Brok’s handwriting was amazing.  His cursive handwriting seemed to be almost as incredible as that of a book itself.  There were no errors apparently in it, every letter was either as thin or thick as it should be, every “o” was round, every “i” was thin, it was like looking at a masterpiece.  I read the poem that was right in front of me.  It was titled “Sonnet 75” by Edward Spenser.  I read out loud.
““One day I wrote her name upon the strand,
But came the waves came and washed it away:
Again I wrote it with a second hand,
But came the tide, and made my pains his prey.
“Vain man,” said she, “that dost in vain assay,
A mortal thing so to immortalize.
For I myself shall like to this decay,
And eke my name wiped out likewise.”
“Not so,” quod I, “let base things devise
To die in dust, but you shall live by fame:
My verse your virtues rare shall eternize,
And in the heavens write your glorious name,
Where whenas death shall all the world subdue,
Our love shall live, and later life renew.””
“Brok…”
“Look at this one,” he said passing the page.
“Brok… this is lovely,” I said.  He pointed towards the page.  This poem I knew well.  It was titled Sonnet 18 by William Shakespeare.  I felt my cheeks boil.  I rolled my lips and sucked them before I read it.
“Please,” Brok urged me.  I closed my eyes in a long blink and then I opened them again and began to read out loud.
“Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day?
Thou art more lovely and more temperate:
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,
And summer’s lease hath all too short a date:
Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
And often is his gold complexion dimmed;
And every fair from fair sometime declines,
By chance or nature’s changing course untrimmed;
But thy eternal summer shall not fade,
Nor lose possession of that fair thou owest;
Nor shall Death brag thou wander’st in his shade,
When in eternal lines to time thou growest:
So long as men can breathe, or eyes can see,
So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.”

I breathed in deeply.  It was lovely.  A gentle breeze made the pages of the notebook pass on and when I saw Sonnet 116 by Shakespeare I stopped it.
“Brok, I would like you to read this one please.  I know that you wrote it thinking about me, but when I read it I think of you,” I told him.
“This one?” Brok asked me.
“Yes.” I replied.  Brok grasped the notebook and read with his deep, husky voice.
“Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments; love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove.
O no, it is an ever-fixed mark
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wand’ring bark,
Whose worth’s unknown, although his height be taken.
Love’s not Time’s fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle’s compass come,
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
If this be error and upon me proved,
I never writ, nor no man ever loved. “

Brok looked up at me.
“Do you truly believe this?” He asked me.
“Yes,” I answered.  Brok nodded.  He seemed relieved suddenly and smiled at me, the most beautiful smile I had ever seen in my entire life.  No human being could smile like that, no hot, popular twenty first century pop star could pull it off like Brok did this morning.  Brok was unique.
“What?” I asked him.  He shook his head and laughed.
“What?” I asked him again.
“Nothing.  I am just, confused,” he said.
“Confused?” I wondered and he laughed some more.
“Yes, confused.  Confused and I love it,” he said.  
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t know.  I can’t explain it, but I know that you make me feel this way,” he said.
“Try,” I demanded.  He tried to stop himself from laughing but he seemed to have some chuckles left.  
“Brok?”
“Okay.  I will try, but it may confuse you as well.  You see I am very sad because you’re leaving me-“
“Brok I already told you- “
“Let me finish- “Brok told me.  I nodded and then he went on. “But now after I have been here with you and given you my heart I… I’m also happy.  I am both happy and sad.  Does that make any sense to you?” Brok asked me and I nodded.
“Yes,” I replied.  Brok nodded in agreement.
“I am happy to know that you love me,” he said.
“So am I,” I replied.
“I will hope that you do not forget me, but if you do, it will be alright.  At least I lived long enough to know what love is.  It was worth it,” Brok said.
“Would you cut it out.  I said I’m coming back Brok.”
“I will pretend to believe you Anabella, if you’d like.”
“I don’t want you to pretend, I want you to trust me.”
“I do trust you, but I’m realistic.”
“What do I have to do to prove myself to you?”
“You can always stay here and marry me,” he said sarcastically and with a grin.
“Brok, I’m serious,” I replied.  
“Alright!  I believe you,” Brok said.  
“Good,” I said laughing.  Krimla came in with our food and after she left we ate.
“You know Brok, Krimla seemed very happy today,” I said.  Then I grabbed some omelet with my fork and chewed on it.  The cheese was sticky delicious. 
“In what manner?” Brok asked as he chewed on his Sha food.
“She was singing,” I said.  Brok looked at me perplexed.  His arm instantly froze and went down back to his plate.
“Singing?” 
“Yes.  That surprises you?” I asked.
“Yes, it does,” he said.  His eyes were now wondering into the hall.  He didn’t say anything for a while.  
“Are you alright?” I asked.  Brok blinked twice and glanced back at me.
“Yes,” he replied and went on eating.  We ate silently until our plates were empty.

Chapter Forty-Three
After our breakfast Brok held my hand and walked with me into the garden.  We were playing a game we sometimes played called, what do you see?  The game was quite simple, we asked each other honey, honey, what do you see and the watcher had to tell the object’s color or with what letter it started or maybe a small description of what that thing was.  Sometimes I guessed, sometimes I didn’t and sometimes Brok forgot that I didn’t really know the Sha alphabet and so when he said a letter that I could not identify his turn was immediately terminated.  After a while I grew tired of the game and I began to sing my favorite song; I want to make it with you.  
Brok observed me and smiled as I sang it.  I didn’t want to sing it too much and after a while of singing I felt kind of embarrassed, but Brok encouraged me to go on.
“Please, don’t stop.  You have a lovely voice,” Brok said.
“You’re kidding, right?”
“No,” he said.  I tried to find some sense of humor, but there was none.  So, I sang on.
“I want to make it with you, 
I really, think that we can make it through…”
As I sang with my hands in his I noticed that he would not stop staring back at me.  I tried not to blush, but it was nearly impossible to do so.  I cut through the song to finish it quickly.
“Hey, you cheated,” Brok said.
“I’m tired of singing,” I said.  Brok laughed.  I felt that our morning although wonderful was taking too long. 
“Brok.  I want you to know that I’m ready for my trip,” I said.
“You really are anxious to leave me, aren’t you?” Brok said.  I frowned.
“Brok-“
“I think you’re right Anabella.  It’s time for you to go.  Rox should be finishing with the ship’s engines and its systems.  I’m sure you’ll have a safe trip,” Brok said.
“Thank you,” I replied.
“Anabella, before you go, I would like to give you something,” he said.
“Another present?” I asked.
“This is for you, in case you decide not to return.”
“I already told you-“
“I know what you said, but I would still like you to have it,” Brok said.
“Okay,” I nodded.  So Brok reached to the pocket of his pants and he handed me something that looked like a little powder box.  It glowed under the purple sky like Brok’s two golden spherical eyes.  I grasped it and observed it carefully.  I flinched at its touch.  It was cold and smooth to the touch.
“What is it?” I asked him.  He placed his hands over it and his warm fingers slid and touched my hands making a firm contrast.  I felt a tingling sensation in my palms as his nails rasped them gently.  A slight cut appeared.
“I apologize,” Brok said.
“No, it’s okay,” I replied and I wiped it off with the side of my jeans.
“See, nothing there,” I said showing my palm to him.  He nodded.  
“This is my CamVisor,” Brok said.  I frowned and he noticed my confusion.  There seemed to be a slight button on it, so imperceptible I could barely see it myself.  Brok pushed it and the cover slid open.  
“It’s just a mirror,” I said, but Brok shook his head.
“No, it’s not just a mirror, although you can use it as such if you wish and it would be the most beautiful reflection it’s received, I’m sure,” Brok said and I smiled.
“Brok!”
“Why do you always feel ashamed of my compliments?  They are nothing, but true.  Now, to answer your question, no this is not just a mirror.  This is a device that allows me to see… different things.  If I want to see my castle I just ask it to do so.  I have deactivated the fingerprint security system to allow you to have it.  It is yours.”
“So, if I want to see you…”
“All you have to do is ask,” Brok said.
“What if I want to see my father?”
“You can’t see your father.  Your father lives in the past.  You will need my ship and the Tuclu to do that.”
“The Tuclu?”
“The Tuclu is a creature that rides with our ships for space travel.  They have the ability to find safe wormholes for us,” Brok said.
“They don’t happen to be like fat whales and have large tentacles, right?”
“How do you know about their physical appearance?” Brok asked me.
“It doesn’t matter,” I replied.  Brok seemed a bit worried, but didn’t mention the creature again.  He shook his head and went on.
“This is for you.  I hope that you find what you are looking for,” Brok said.  I nodded and kissed his soft lips.
“I love you,” I said.  Brok opened his mouth, but it was Rox’s voice that I heard.
“Master, the ship is ready and fully functional.”  Rox was in front of us.  Brok blinked twice and I had to laugh.  His gesture just seemed too funny to me.
“Yes Rox, thank you,” Brok said.
“Rox, place Anabella’s things in the ship and prepare for take-off.  I will accompany her to the ship, personally,” Brok said.
“Yes master.  Excuse me,” Rox said to us and left the garden.  
Chapter Forty-Four
Brok and I walked back into the castle and again I found myself with Krimla, singing and even dancing as she dusted the hallways.  Brok glanced at her and then ignored her strange behavior and walked on.  We reached the front of the castle where the cylinder-shaped hover transports were.  Brok opened the door for me and I sat in, or more accurate I was half lying there on the chocolate seat.  Purple see through straps immediately appeared and buckled me up automatically.  I was already used to the technology and it no longer frightened me.
  As for Brok, he got in on the other side and drove the hover transport passing by the forests.  I could no longer turn to face the enormous castle with all of its statues and columns.  I remembered how afraid I was when I had arrived here and now how much my feelings of fear had changed into comfort.  The castle had been my home and I would miss it.  I would miss the rose garden, the digital library and art room, the game room and the dining room.  I would miss Brok among all, but also Rox and even Krimla, although I thought that sometimes she was just too crazy.
Anyway, the engines turned on and Brok immediately drove off.  The giant front gates opened for us and Brok immediately drove on.  We passed the forest, the enormous statue of his great grandfather and soon we were passing by the center of the Kimbrucks’ home.  I hoped never to see these giant horse-like creatures with lion heads again, but there they were running along, wild and free next to our hover transport.  Brok had to drive dodging these creatures left and right.  
Bump!
One of the Kimbrucks hit us with its tail.  I flinched, but Brok didn’t seem impressed.  I on the other hand had a bit of a scare.  After I flinched I reacted with a laugh.  It was the only time when Brok looked back at me.
“What’s so funny?” He asked.  I shook my head.
“Nothing,” I said.  
I still had no idea why they were allowed to run free and something told me that I would never really no why.  From there we passed the great statue of Brok’s grandfather, Kruck, up to the giant tree with its enormous red trunk and its swirled branches that extended as high as the skyscrapers back at home.  The ships were all floating and chained or more accurate like Rox had explained to me the first time I had arrived here, they were anchored on to the branches.  This tree still seemed to amaze me.  I wondered what would happen if somebody would try to hack it all out.  How would the Sha ships arrive to the planet?  Not only were the ships in danger, but also the houses of the peasants living in there.  They would be homeless.  
The door of the hover transport opened automatically and the purple straps with all of its beautiful lights came off me.  I got out before Brok could reach me.
“You will abandon me forever,” Brok uttered out loud.  I stared at him and he looked completely destroyed.
“Brok, I told you- “
“Time to go, my princess.  Let me place the Jenku on your shoe,” he said.
“Aren’t you walking me to the ship?”
“It’s too painful for me.  I cannot watch you leave.”
“Okay,” I replied.
“I love you.  I truly and honestly love you with all of my heart,” Brok said.
“I know.  I love you too and I’m coming back,” I said.  Brok didn’t respond, he nodded and took out a long needle.  He injected the shot on the soles of my shoes.  Then he turned around and entered the hover transport.  I felt an instant pull and soon I was taken upwards.  I had to flap my arms and hands to keep my balance.  My heart was beating like a conga.  I almost cried out, but I didn’t.  I tried to tilt my head to look at the hover transport, but I couldn’t.  In a few seconds, I was up on the tree trunk where the prince’s ship was anchored.  The hover transport was on its way back to the castle.  I couldn’t see him anymore, he was too far away.  The ship’s door opened, but I didn’t want to enter it.  I wanted to see the hover transport as much as my eyes could reach.  The hover transport looked smaller and smaller, almost the size of an ant.  Then it disappeared from me.
I entered the ship.
Swoosh.
The door closed as it slid down rapidly.  As I walked further inside of the ship I came to realize that it didn’t seem as foreign to me as it once did.  With its purple lights, everywhere it practically felt like I was still back home.  Only, I wasn’t home because Brok was not here with me. 
The hallways were long and I walked through them trying to remember where I was last stationed here, but I honestly could not remember.  The instant I turned left I was shocked by surprise when I found myself with Rox.  It was a miracle that we didn’t stumble upon one another.
“You scared me,” I said with a rushing heartbeat.
“My apologies.  It was not my intention to scare you, I wanted to greet you and to show you the main bridge if you wish to see it.”
“Yes, of course,” I said.
“Follow me,” Rox said and we began to walk together towards the main bridge.
“Wow, this is exciting.  I was never brought to the main bridge,” I said as we passed by the dark halls with the purple lights that formed holographic objects.  
“I am aware.  It was why I have chosen to show it to you while you are here.  After all, you are the princess of Sha.”  I laughed.  It was still too foreign to me, although I was getting used to the idea.  After a long walk we had to go up a long ladder to get there.  From time to time Rox’ robe tickled my face, but I climbed on without stopping though.  As I grasped each bar I wondered if the ladder was made of iron, it seemed like it, but I wasn’t sure and honestly, I didn’t care.
We reached the top and a door automatically slid open.
Swoosh.
I saw a large room with many screens.  However, there were only four seats which were tall and oval shaped with a desk and keyboards in front of them. The keyboards had the Sha symbols.  I had tried to study some of them with Brok, but I didn’t remember most of the meanings.  I only remembered the symbols that represented prince or second in command, which was represented by a crossing zigzags and a triangle at its center.  
“Would you like to sit down?” Rox asked me.
“Where?”
“Anywhere, except for the center.  That is the captain’s seat and I will be the captain of this ship in this trip,” Rox said.
“I imagined you would say something like that,” I said.  I sat down on one of the lasts seats.  It was strange, but in a sense it kind of reminded me of my days in school, except for the keyboard that was part of the desk though, but it did remind me of school.  I had always been a good student, but why I failed as an adult had nothing to do with my grades.  Unfortunately, school didn’t teach me to have enough confidence in myself and life was hostile and unfair or at least it was until I met Brok.  
Rox sat down on the seat that was located in the center.  Automatically, purple straps surrounded my abdomen and I was soon strapped in.  Rox touched the keys of his keyboard as I held on to the edges of my seat.  The screens turned on and soon I heard a rumbling of the engines.  
Crack, crack, crack…
“What’s that?” I asked scared.  Was there something broken?
“Removing the anchors,” Rox said.
“Oh,” I sighed.  The engine rumbled beneath us, but the ship barely trembled.  
“Leaving Sha,” Rox said.  I nodded.  I waited to feel the take-off, but I never felt it.  Rox was just pushing keys here and there, but I didn’t see anything.  After a while I had to ask if everything was okay to what Rox responded.
“Yes, everything is in order.  We are in space.”
“Already?” I asked.
“Yes.  Would you like to see it?” Rox asked me.
“Yes,” I replied.  My screen suddenly turned on and there in front of my eyes was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.  I could see the stars and gasses of colors in the deep dark space.  The spectacle was amazing, but Rox didn’t allow me to linger much on it.
“Tell me Anabella, which date would you like to travel to exactly?” Rox asked me.
“Oh, I don’t know… maybe the same day I was taken?” I said.
“No.  That would be a mistake.  We would find each other with our other selves, that is not a bright idea.  There could be an anomaly in time,” Rox said.
“Oh.  Well, I’m not sure.  What do you suggest?”
“I leave that decision to you, as long as it is within the time frame of the five-year period after you were taken to Sha.”
“Why?”
“Because your civilization is destroyed after the five-year period.”

Chapter Forty-Five
My eyes popped wide open.  My jaw dropped.  What had Rox just told me?  It could not be true.  
“What?” I asked perplexed.  Had I misheard him?  
“Your civilization is destroyed after the five-year period,” Rox repeated.  He said without any ounce of emotion.  I started to feel a strong pull under my head.  My chest was tightly closing.  My breath was escaping my body and it was difficult to catch up with it.
“My… what?”
“Your civilization,” Rox replied.  I felt dizzy.  A feeling of illness suddenly came over me.  I was nauseated.  I tried to breathe in and out.  I grabbed the purple strap that had me pinned down to my seat as a seatbelt and tried to pull it out, but it was impossible.
“Get this thing off me,” I screamed.  Rox pressed a few buttons and soon the strap was off me.  I tried to stand up, but tripped and fell to the floor.  I coughed and tried to take in some air.  I didn’t know what Rox was doing, but soon I felt his metallic arms and hands on me.
“Get off me!” I yelled.
“Anabella?”
“I want to see it.”
“What would you like to see?”  Rox asked me.  
“I want to see the… what happened…”
“Are you referring yourself to the destruction of your civilization?”  Rox asked me.  I wanted to punch him in the face.  How could he talk to me about this so casually?  He was a nothing but a robot after all.  Krimla had been absolutely right.  All he did was follow instructions.  However, a new doubt overwhelmed me.  Why would Brok not instruct him to hide this from me?  I didn’t know and right now I didn’t care.  I had to see this thing happening for myself.  I had to make sure that this was real.
“Yes.  I want to see it,” I replied.
“You will not like what you will see.”
“I don’t care.  I want to see,” I said.
“Yes, Miss Torres, but you need to go back into your seat to establish the time link,” Rox said.  I nodded unsure of what he was talking about, but I obeyed him.  The purple straps pinned me back to my seat.  Rox took a syringe and gave me a shot.  My eyelids dropped and soon I was asleep.
***
“Wake up.  Wake up.  Wake up.”
I opened my eyes.  Rox’ little blue lights stared up at my face.  I was still in the main bridge on board the ship.  His metallic hand was on my shoulder and the purple straps were off me.  I scratched my eyes and yawned.
“We are here.  I have landed far away from what used to be the city of Chicago,” Rox said.
“What used to be?” I asked.
“If you’d like you may look at it through the screens.  It is unnecessary for you to-”
“I want to get off immediately,” I said cutting him short.  He nodded.
“Follow me,” Rox said.  We left the main bridge and headed downstairs.  We walked down the corridors, but before we left Rox halted and worked with a holographic computer.  He pressed a few buttons until a weapon appeared.  He pulled the holographic image out and handed it to me.
“You may need this,” Rox said, but I shook my head.
“No,” I said.
“You cannot leave this ship without protection.  I have been re-programmed to protect you unconditionally throughout this trip,” Rox said.  I grabbed the handgun and hid it in the pocket of my jeans.  Hopefully, I wouldn’t have to use it.  Then we walked on and headed for the exit.  The door slid open and we walked out of the ship.  We had landed on a mountain top and the first thing I noticed was the grey sky.  The sun’s rays peaked out from the grey clouds, but I could barely see it on the horizon.  Had it shrunken?  I glimpsed to the far left and from a far-away distance I saw what used to be the city of Chicago.  The buildings were totally destroyed.  The concrete had either been pulverized or badly smashed.  The cars were totaled, but I noticed that the cities were completely deserted.
“Where is everybody?” I asked.  Rox took out a set of binoculars and handed it over to me.  I immediately put them to use.  I scanned the city.  The damage of the infrastructure was eminent.  The trash was everywhere, some of the doors had been broken after they had apparently been boarded. Then I saw the unbelievable.  Humans were tied by their hands and being led by someone from Sha.  The Sha creature had a large, cylinder looking weapon in his hand.  He had dark hair, like Brok.
“What in the hell?” I asked.  I tilted towards Rox and handed him the binoculars with disbelief.
“What’s going on?” I insisted. 
“Sha has conquered Earth,” Rox explained.
“What the hell does that mean Rox?  What’s going on?  What happened here and why are humans like me being enslaved?”
“Earth was Prince Brok’s next target.  The war lasted far more than what he intended to.”
“What are you saying?” I asked still in shock.  The wind blew my long hair.  Tears streamed down my eyes and were sporadically blown away by the breeze.  I didn’t know how to take all of this in.
“Before you were taken into the ship, the prince had initiated the war on Earth.  The Sha people were already infiltrating every and all of Earth’s communications including your military forces worldwide.  However, after he met you, he decided to slow down the initiation of the war and tried to make contact with humans to know more about them.  Everything was working well for the first year. Humans and Sha were engaging with each other well,” Rox explained.
“So, if everything was alright, what happened?”
“Politics got in the way.”
“Politics?”
“The Sha began to grow sick.  The more contact they had on Earth, the worse the symptoms became.  At first the Sha thought that humans were holding a secret war.  The Sha began to ask many questions and they brought their technology with them.  The government however suspected that the Sha was using the excuse of the deaths of their people to conquer Earth.  Negotiations were long and carefully conducted, but the divisions in the Earth government were creating problems and not just the division of governments, but the people were becoming paranoid.”
“Divisions?  What do you mean?”
“Your Earth was composed by more than one government.  It was segmented by what you used to call countries.”
“Yes,” I nodded.
“Although there was a stronger government who tried to have a discussion with us, other governments were reluctant and there were even prohibitions to enter into their countries.  During an investigation, an accident occurred.  It made things difficult.  Humans became hostile towards the Sha.  Brok began to receive pressure from the members of the Senate to retreat or to attack Earth.”
“And all of this happened while we were travelling?” I asked confused.
“No.  The past will always be in the past.  This was the moment after he met you.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Our ship has the capacity to communicate with past lines.”
“What do you mean?”
“It is difficult to explain, so I shall use a metaphor if you don’t mind,” Rox said.
“No, I don’t,” I replied as the wind blew Rox’ robe.
“We can communicate with the past in the present time.”
“How?  No wait, don’t tell me.  The Tuclu?”
“Yes, but I am surprised as to your knowledge of the Tuclu.”
“Brok told me about it,” I replied.  I felt bile in my throat by the mention of his name.  I was still shocked that while Brok was with me he had already waged war on my planet and conquered.  While we ate, drank and danced, humans were suffering here on Earth, dying and becoming slaves.  I had been filled with ridiculous lies of being a princess.  I now wondered how many of the Sha people laughed at me at the party while Brok presented me to them.  I had been used like an idiot.
“Rox, what happened to my family?  My brother, my father?”
“Your brother is dead.  He was part of the resistance of humans.  He fought very well.  Pundok offered him a position on Sha, but he declined.”
“Pundok?”
“Pundok was against the war,” Rox said.
“Pundok?” I replied with a shocked question.  I was completely lost.  What in the hell was going on?
“Yes.  Pundok thought that the war was too expensive.  Prince Brok has been raging wars with other planets for fifteen years and although he brought technologies and some interesting creatures with him the wars were extremely costly and not only that, but it also cost many Sha lives.  He debated that humans and Sha could co-exist in peace allowing a healthy space distance among each species.  He was the first one to argue that the Sha were suffering of food poisoning and not of an ambush as others suggested including his good friend Tamil.  I shook my head with disbelief.
“Are you serious?” I said.
“Yes,” Rox replied.
“So… Pundok and Krimla?”
“What about them?” Rox asked.
“What does Krimla have to do with all of this?” I asked.
“Nothing,” Rox replied.  My stomach was rumbling and churning.  I wanted to throw up and I did.
Chapter Forty-Six
 I fell on my knees with disbelief.  My breath was almost rancid with the scent of vomit.  My pulse accelerated.  I could almost feel my veins pounding out of me.  I felt my heart in my throat.  I just wanted to die.  If all of this was true, if Brok really did all of this behind my back... I felt bile coming up again and a rush in my chest.  God no, I threw up again.  Tears came out of my swollen eyes.  I just wanted to disappear.  I wanted to die.
“Anabella this trip has not been productive.  I think that it is best that you follow me back into the ship and-”
“Leave me alone!” I barked back.  Rox paced back a few steps.  I didn’t know what to do.  I sat on the grass and cried.
Boom!  
I tilted immediately to look towards the noise.  Smoke hugged one of the rotten buildings.  I stumbled upwards and snatched Rox’ binoculars.
“Yes!” I cheered as I saw the humans breaking free from their ropes and attacking the Sha being.  The humans were using their own ropes to choke him, but the fight wasn’t an easy one.  The Sha being was stronger.  However, their goal was to take his weapon.  If they did that, they could set themselves free.
“Anabella, let us travel elsewhere.  Would you not like to see your brother?” Rox asked me.  I tilted to look at him.  I truly longed to see him, but I wanted to know what happened with the humans.  I tilted and gazed upon the group to see if they were able to overthrow the Sha being.  They pushed and pulled, punched uppercuts and swings.  Their hits were not strong enough to take him down.
“Anabella, please.  Your civilization does not win the war,” Rox said.  Most of the humans were on the ground and four were wounded.  The Sha had retrieved his gun.  I dropped both my hands.  The binoculars hung on my hand until I dropped them.  I didn’t want to see anymore.  Tears just poured out of my eyes like a fountain.  I fell onto the ground and touched the grass. I was green, the perfect color, the color I had been accustomed to and its consistency was right and good, but everything else was not.  I couldn’t stand up.  I was too weak.  My spirit was broken.  Rox carried me into the ship.  The last thing I saw was the grey sky and then I saw nothing but bleak darkness.
*****
“Anabella.  Anabella.” I heard Rox say my name out loud.  I opened my eyes little by little, until I could finally gaze upon my surroundings.  The dark walls were light by purple bright lights.  Holograms of different objects.  As they changed of form.  A brown and fluffy creature appeared in the lights.  It was a boon.
“Rox?” 
“Yes,” Rox replied.  My body lied on a flat bed.  I sat up and tilted my head here and there trying to adjust myself.  My vision was still kind of blurry and my mind was kind of dizzy.  I breathed in and out.  Rox stood next to me, his hand on my shoulder.  I heaved, glanced at him and frowned.
“What happened?” I asked him.
“You fainted.  The experience of watching the fall of humans was emotionally overwhelming to you,” Rox said.  My heart pounded fast.  So much that it hurt me.
“Ouch,” I said feeling a sting in my chest.
“We have changed course.  We are now a year after your abduction,” Rox explained.  I got up from the bed slowly.  My head prickled a bit, but the pain was easing.
“One year later?  Now I can see my father.  My brother,” I commented.  I paced to the corner of the wall, pressed the usual keys and opened the door.  Rox followed me.
“Anabella, I must tell you that your father is not out with your brother,” Rox said.  I halted and turned to him.
“What did you say?  What are you talking about?  Where is my father?” I said pacing towards him panicked.
“I said that your father is not out there with your brother.  He is here.”
“Here?  What do you mean here?”
“He is here, in this ship with us.”  My heart thumped again.  My stomach churned.  What was he talking about?
“I don’t understand,” I replied.
“Follow me.  I will take you to him,” Rox said.  He walked in front of me and I followed with a horrified feeling in my abdomen.  Bile swarmed around my throat.  I thought I was going to die.
******
I walked behind him.  He led the way down stairs and into the dark hallway, but we went down through a staircase I had never seen before.  It was cool down there with strange purple mist covering the floors and walls.  I felt like I was walking inside one of those spooky Halloween houses, but without the zombies.  Rox suddenly halted and pressed a few keys in front of him.  These keys however were not holographic, they were normal computer standard keyboards.  I frowned confused, but decided not to ask.  I had enough surprises to last me an entire lifetime I supposed.  Different from the other doors I was used to in Sha and in the ship, this one took a few more seconds to open and when it did it opened like a regular door.
Crack.
The door opened.  I tried to push on it, but it was extremely heavy.  Rox stared at me for a second dumbfounded.  I shook my head apologetically.
“Sorry,” I said.  Rox pushed the door and as it made a loud screeching sound it fully opened and there in a bed sat my father with a long, grey mustache, beard and matted hair.  He looked up and stared at me.  I went black.  Long, lined tears streamed down my eyes.  His eyes opened wide.  My legs shook, however I froze in place.
“Anabella!” He said and instantly got up.  The book flipped out of his lap and headed straight to the floor.  Not that it mattered.  He ran towards me, opened his arms and wrapped them around me.  Tears streamed down my face.  I was shaking all over as we twisted in our embrace.  Tears rolled down my cheeks like endless streams.  I didn’t want the embrace to finish, I didn’t want him to let go.  I felt like the little girl I hadn’t felt like in a very long time.  I had dreamt for this moment thinking that it would never happen and now here he was with me, embracing me and giving me his love and support.  He had been here this whole time, locked in this room waiting for the perfect moment to come and rescue me.  I now believed that he was willing to stay in this room for me forever.  This was everlasting beauty indeed.
“Anabella, I missed you so much.  You have no idea, but I was with you.  I was with you in throughout the hole journey.  My princess,” he said.  I didn’t want him to let me go.  I felt so safe in his arms, but like all good things, they could never be eternal.  After he took his arms off me, he grabbed my hands, kissed my knuckles and then let them go.  A single tear swept his cheek.  I was moved.  I had never seen my father cry before.  I thought I would shatter in a million pieces.  He immediately rubbed it off with the back side of his hand and smiled.  His eyes were so bright, they were like two brilliant suns.
“Dad… I thought…” I said cracking up.  I could hardly speak.
“I know,” my dad said nodding.
“Joe, we have returned to Earth in your lifetime,” Rox said.
“Rox my man, thank you so much,” my dad said patting him on the shoulder.  
“Ouch, I forgot that you were made of metal,” my dad remarked.  I half laughed, half heaved and my chest dropped.  I tried to wrap my mind around all of this.  
“So, what happened?” I asked.
“Well, your father suggested that if he was jailed he would be out of the master’s way without-“ Rox suddenly stopped talking.
“Rox?” I asked.  His head shook sideways.  He seemed to be doing it involuntarily and soon it moved with more violence.
“Rox!” I shouted panicked.  My father grabbed my hand and yanked me out of the room.
“Now’s the time to make a run for it,” he said.
“Rox!” I screamed again, but he could not hear me.  We headed out of the ship and out into the woods.  We were back on Earth.  It was so unbelievable to me, so surreal, to see the heavenly blue skies again, feel the warmth of the sun, yet somehow, I was not relieved.  My mind raced with everything that was going on and I hardly had any time to process it all.  I didn’t know why my father yanked me away from him.  I didn’t know what happened to him and once we were halfway through the forest I had to stop.
“Dad, stop!” I yelled.  My father stopped abruptly and turned to face me.  His jeans were all ripped, his face pale and his own body a lot thinner. 
“Why did we leave him?  What if something happened to him?”
“Anabella I can care less.  He’s nothing, but a robot.”
“But what if he was, oh, I don’t know… damaging or something?  We have to go back.”  My father heaved and held his weight on a nearby tree.  He took huge gulps of air before he responded.  His eyebrows a perfect line of annoyance. 
“No, we are not going back Anabella.  We are never going back.  I’m calling the police, the military, the F.B.I. anybody who’s willing to listen, they can handle this sort of a situation.  That master of his is deadly, they’re going to kill us all, wipe us out like roaches.  I have to warn everybody I can now.  This is our chance.  He was the only one on the ship, right?”
“Yes,” I replied.
“Perfect, come on,” he said.  I followed him out of the forest and on our way we found ourselves with my brother Brian and Randolph.  They had a couple of friends with them and police officers. 
“Anabella!” He shouted.  He saw me first and ran towards me.  He hugged him and I tried to hug him back, but I was too weak to do so.  I could barely hold myself up any longer.  I wobbled in his arms.
“Anabella!  Dad!”  Your alive,” he chanted.  Once he dropped me I slipped onto the dirty ground.  It was deliciously humid and brown.  The smell of grass entered my nostrils and I felt a singularity with the ants and the deadwood below me, but I could no longer continue to have my eyes opened.  I couldn’t take it anymore.
“Anabella?” My name was the last word I heard uttered from everyone’s lips.  Then I blacked out. 
Chapter Forty-Seven
Boom!
I opened my eyes and jerked in the bed immediately.  The room was dark.  I uncovered myself and I had been changed into cleaner clothes.  I tried to open the window.  I couldn’t.  I headed straight for the door and a rush of light streamed down on me.  I was at my father’s house.  Confused and bewildered I headed to the front door.  Police sirens swarmed the area of the forest.  Large clouds of smoke puffed in the air, the smell was intoxicating, but apparently, I hadn’t realized it in my sleep.  I was a bit dizzy, a bit tired and my legs wobbled.  
“What’s going on?” I asked to myself.  Not far away from me was Randolph.  His heavy figure coming towards me.  His clear blue eyes peering at me with a big frightened stare.
  “Randolph?” I asked.  I hadn’t seen him for a while.  I was so relieved to do so, although I was also very confused.  He carried a shotgun in his hand which was so uncharacteristic of him.  He was usually an odd, but nonviolent man, so it totally caught me off guard.
“Hi Anabella,” he said.  His voice cracking a bit as he heaved to get to me.  I walked halfway towards him to help him.
“What’s going on?” I asked.  A helicopter flew right above us and headed towards the smoke and craziness.
“Your dad hijacked a cop,” Randolph said.
“He what?” I panicked.
“He did it because they didn’t want to believe him.  He forced the cops to follow him.”
“Oh my God, is he okay?”
“Yeah, he’s alright.”
“What in God’s name happened?” I asked.  Randolph hesitated a bit and then answered.  He seemed tired, his eyes travelled around with weariness, his shoulders were hunched, even his fists seemed weak.
“Well… after the cops arrived another ship appeared five minutes later.”
“Brok!” I uttered.
“What does broccoli have to do with all of this?  Oh, I see you must be starving.  I didn’t even know that you were a vegetarian,” Randolph said running his mouth.
“No Randolph, it’s Brok!  The alien, the prince of Sha,” I replied.
“Wait!” I said and ran back into the house.
“Best thing you’ve done!  Just stay in there and don’t go wandering,” I heard him say, but my intention wasn’t to hide inside.  I was looking for the CamVisor.  I trotted towards my father’s room and almost tripped in its darkness.  I rapidly switched the light on and scanned for it.  It wasn’t too difficult to find.  Since it seemed like a little mirror my father must have completely disregarded it as something alien and might have thought that it was just a girl thing.  I grabbed it from the bedside table and darted out into the light of day again.
“Anabella, you can put your makeup on inside,” Randolph said.
“This isn’t… never mind.  Show me Brok!” I said.  Brok’s image appeared to me in the mirror.  It was incredible because it was like if I was almost seeing a film.  Randolph sighed with surprise when he saw him.  His eyes widened with fear, but I ignored him and continued to watch. 
 Brok carried himself with pride although there was something strange in his stare.  He seemed different, maybe just humiliated because his plans didn’t come out as he thought he would.  However, Brok was not alone.  With him were a group of other Sha people, all wearing some sort of dark body armor.  They carried weapons with them.  Certainly, they didn’t come here to chit chat with us.  Brok seemed to have finally revealed himself.  However, I still felt something coming off him, something I couldn’t quite grasp.  I was surprised to see Krimla by his side.  She was wearing that enchanting dress of hers before I had left.  Strangely, after they chatted a bit she kissed him on the cheek.  I was in disbelief.  Was she his new girlfriend now or had they both been tricking me all of this time?  My heart stung again and there was a strong lump in my throat.  How much more could I take? 
Brok nodded and waved her away.  He didn’t seem to satisfied with her kiss.  Maybe she wasn’t his girlfriend after all, but she was certainly working her way to do so.  Then something happened that I did not expect.  Now Brok was alone and his eyes still seemed to puzzle me.  Something was not right.  He looked totally and utterly broken.  The sadness swept his entire gaze, lips, cheeks and nostrils.  He stood so straight, yet it seemed to me that somehow, he was only pretending.  Could I be seeing him right or was I still being naïve?  Of course, I was being naïve, stupid and foolish.  Brok was sincerely a monster, a beast, a terrible creature that loved conquest.  It wasn’t enough to conquer many planets.  He was so evil that he had to conquer my heart and yet even after I have seen everything I have seen, after I’ve witnessed his entire monstrosity out there in the open I still felt… something.  I still loved him, but I knew I could not.  I would be crazy to continue to love him.  Was I feeling pity for him?  Maybe.  Then, why did his expression of sadness destroy me more than the eradication of Earth itself?  Maybe I was losing my mind.  
 I was about to close the CamVisor when I saw someone I recognized behind him.  It was my father.
“Father!” I yelled, but he could not listen to me.  Brok turned around and faced him.  They were exchanging words with each other, but what were those words, I had no idea.  I became desperate.
“Take me to them,” I ordered the CamVisor.  
“Are you crazy?” Randolph said.
“It’s my father.  Brok is going to kill him Randolph.  I can’t let that happen,” I said desperate.  I glanced back at the CamVisor.  The images of them disappeared.
“What are you doing?  I said…” I stopped.  An image of a map appeared. 
“I’m going with you,” Randolph said.  He suddenly raised his shotgun like if it was some protective shield.  Like if that gun would really do anything to Brok.  I guessed it was better than nothing.
“Okay,” I said and together we followed the trail. 
Chapter Forty-Eight
The CamVisor functioned like a GPS, basically pointing to where we were, to where we were going.  I jogged along the way in a weak manner.  From time to time my chest would hurt, but I couldn't go back now.  The smoke was intense.  I heard more shots and Randolph grabbed me by the elbow and pulled me towards a nearby tree.
Bang!
The tree next to us received a bullet.  The hole in it was deep, but not too big.
"Jesus!" Randolph yelled.  I could barely breathe.
"It's this way," I said pointing north.
"This is a stupid idea Anabella, let's get out of here," Randolph said.
"And leave my dad?  No, never.  I'm leaving," I said and rushed out of his hands.
"Wait!"  Randolph wailed at me.  Soon the smoke surrounded him and he disappeared in it.  I wanted to go back, but I seriously didn't have the time to do so.  Hopefully, he would be alright.  The map took my towards the high mountain range north-east, away from all of the action taking place.  
Bzz
Strange laser shots were being fired at the police involved.  They were all too busy firing back.  They did not see me and I wouldn't disturb them.  I headed towards the domed shaped mountain with a heavy heart.  As I brushed the deadwood with my feet I hoped that my father was still alive.  I ran, scampered and climbed to the top and the ship was beside a huge cave.
I walked near it and wondered how this thing would open up.  My fingers pressed the strange material, traveling in a circular mode.  I was trying to find a way in.  A crunching sound came from behind.  I turned my head, but didn't see anything.  It was probably the wind or maybe my nerves.  
Boom, boom, boom.  
The bullets just flew over and so did their strange laser guns.  I had no idea what was going on down there and I didn't care.  All I wanted right now was to save my father from my ex-fiance.  I tilted my head again to focus on the problem in front of me.  I knew that most of this ship was programmed to holographically respond and I continued to tap on it until I saw a hologram.  I recognized the symbol to open the door.  I pressed it immediately.  The door slid open. 
Swish.
I entered the ship.
****
I ran as fast as I could and headed for the main bridge.  I turned left and then right inside of the corridors a couple of times until I reached the ladder.  Up and up I climbed it.  The door automatically opened which was a new one for me and there in front of my eyes I saw Brok lying on the floor with Krimla by his side crying.  Piles of blue blood flowed out of the flank of his belly.  My dad was still holding the gun on its grip.  Fresh smoke came out of it's muzzle.  His hand was trembling and his face was painted with shock.  My mouth opened wide, my eyes watered and my body began to shake.  Then I screamed.
"Ahh!"
Krimla immediately tilted towards me.  She was still kneeling beside him.  Her hairs barely flowed in the air.  
"You!  This is all of your fault!  If you wouldn't have come along in the first place, he would have still been alive.  He would have married me!  He would have learned how to love me.  I hate you.  You must die," Krimla shouted.
"No!" Brok yelped out loud.  Krimla turned to look at him.
"What?" Krimla asked shocked.  
"No... don't..."
"Why the hell not?  Brok she hates you.  She found out about your secret!  She knows that her Earth ends up destroyed and that her kind are slaves of Sha.  She knows!" Krimla yelled.
"You can't... I... I..." Brok said heaving.  My chest just wanted to explode out of it's place as I heard him gasp in the floor, dying.  
"You came here for Rox, who cares about her."
"No.  I... I came back... I came back for... her," he gasped out loud.
"Why?"
"Because... I love her," Brok said.  I froze in place.  My knees shook. 
"No!" Krimla shouted.
"Ana... Ana.. bella..." Brok said calling my name.
"No, no, no!  If I can't have him, nobody else will," Krimla said and she took out what looked like a laser blade out of the back pocket of her dress.
"No!" I shouted.  Krimla lifted her arm ready to aim at Brok's chest.  Brok grabbed her wrist, trying to fight her off.
"Dad!" I shouted. 
Boom!
A shot was fired, but not from my dad's gun.  It came from behind me.  I turned around to see who it was.  The shot came from Randolf's shotgun.  I tilted to see Krimla fall on Brok's shoulder.  I immediately trotted towards him and ignored the rest of my surroundings.  I didn't care if my shoes and part of my pjs were drenched in the blue blood, all I cared was to see him and take him into my arms.  
"Brok," I murmured.  I could hardly speak.
"Ana... I..."  I shook my head.  Tears streamed down my cheeks.
"No.  Don't talk.  You need your strength."
"But... I'm... I'm so happy... I am so... happy to... see you.  I've seen your face.  I... can die now."
"Don't say that!  You're not going to die."
"I love you.  I love you... so... so much... I wish I could tell you... everything..."
"You will," I replied.  I reached down to his hand and grabbed it.  It wasn't as warm as it was before.  It seemed to be cooling down.
"Before I die... I... I need...  I need to know," he said in between coughs.  Blue blood sprouted out of his mouth and nostrils.  I tilted to call out to my dad.  He was next to Randolph now, watching everything we were doing and listening to every word that we exchanged with each other.  They both seemed shocked.
"Dad!  Help me," I begged.  My dad ran towards me.  He looked at Brok with a frown.  He seemed confused.  Then I tilted to look at Brok's face.  His golden eyes were shutting closer and closer.
"Brok, stay with me," I said and kissed his lips that were drenched in his blood.  Brok smiled and then his eyes froze in place.
"Brok?  Brok?" I shouted.  He froze completely.  His chest didn't move up and down like it was supposed to, his eyes didn't blink and I couldn't hear his breath.  Brok was gone.
"Brok!  Brok!"  I shouted.  I checked his wrist.  I didn't feel a pulse.
"Dad, do you know CPR?" I asked desperate.  My father shook his head.
"Anabella, forget about it.  He's gone."   
"No!" I wailed.  I opened his mouth and blowed into it.  I had no idea if I was doing it right or not, but I blew and blew.  Then I did compressions on his chest and did the whole process over and over again, wailing and screaming in pain.
"No, Brok, don't do this to me!  Don't leave me here, I love you!" I shouted and cried.  My dad pulled me with force and hugged me.
"He's gone Anabella.  He's gone," he said as I whimpered tucked onto my father's chest.  The pain in mine was unbearable.

Chapter Forty-Nine
"Well, this is an emotional scene," A recognizable voice said.
"Rox?" 
"Hello Anabella.  Joe," Rox said.  Then he looked at Randolph.  Randolph looked at him with some skepticism.
"I believe I do not know your name," Rox said.  Randolph pointed the shotgun on him, but my dad stopped him.
"No, no, he's good," my dad said.
"Rox, he's dead.  Brok's dead," I said.
"Hmm... interesting, since we have developed a new resuscitation method," Rox said, for the first time there was a glare of hope.
"A new what?" 
"Resuscitation method.  Has he been dead for more than three minutes?" Rox asked.
"No," I replied immediately.
"Than allow me," Rox said walking towards Brok's body.  He knelt down to look examine him.
"Hmm.  Well, there is a serious problem with his digestive system due to the exposure of human food.  We can however place his conscioussness into an avatar," Rox said. 
"Like you?" I asked.
"Not quite.  Please step back.  This process will take a while," Rox said.  Then other Sha people entered the main deck.  They immediately aimed their weapons at us, but Rox stopped them.
"No.  They are our friends.  That is Anabella and her father and this is... who are you?" Rox asked Randolph. 
"Her friend?"
"Is that true?" Rox asked me.
"Yes," I said immediately.  The weapons went down.  Then the Sha members began to speak to Rox in their Sha language.  There was a brief exchange between them and afterwards they left.
"They will bring the avatar now.  Let us end this affair," Rox said.  He walked to one of the computers of the main deck and began to punch the keys on the holographic screens.  Soon two strange and dark capsules appeared next to Brok.  The capsule's door opened with a swish sound.  Rox approached the prince, carried him and placed him inside of the capsule.  Then one of the Sha soldiers returned with a small handbag.
"What is that?" I gasped.
"I don't know," my father said.  The Sha soldier placed the small handbag on the floor.  Both capsules immediately closed.  Then a strong light lit the entire room.  It was so bright, that Randolph, my father and I had to squint until it became unbearable.  Then we covered our eyes and finally we had to close them.  Then just as the main bridge had lit, it darkened.  The capsules popped open.
I opened my eyes to see Brok's lifeless body on the first capsule and then I glanced towards the second one and I gasped.
A young man stepped out of the capsule.  His hair was short trimmed and blond.  His eyes were blue, his skin pale, but there was something about him, something in the way he looked at me.  His features were very familiar to me.  His chest was bare and he was a couple of inches taller than me.  He ran towards me and grabbed my hands.
"Anabella?" He said to me.  I frowned with dismay.  I was confused.
"Brok?" I asked.
"Yes, it's me," he said.  His voice had changed a bit.  It wasn't as deep or as husky as it was before.  I looked into his eyes unsure of who he was.
"You look so... human."
"I am human," he replied.  I just couldn't see him.  Every trace of himself was gone.  His dark long hair, his height and even his golden eyes.  Then he kissed me and the way he kissed me, that nice, tender, sweet way of doing it made me realize that it really was him!  His lips parted from mine.
"Brok!  It is you," I said.  He nodded.
"Yes, it's me Anabella."
"Oh my God, but... your appearance... what are you going to do?"
"I'm staying here... with you," he replied.
"On Earth?  But what about your castle, your title, your family?  What about Rox?  I can't let you give all that up for me," I said.
"Oh, he won't have to give it up Anabella.  We have already built a home for the both of you," Rox replied.
"What?  How?"
"We have the ability to travel back and forth through time Anabella.  The truth is that I wanted to tell you everything so bad, but I didn't have the courage to do it.  I couldn't.  I couldn't let you know like that, knowing that you would hate me.  I wouldn't have been able to take it.  So I let Rox do it for me instead," Brok said.  I glanced back at Rox surprised.
"Indeed.  The master programmed me to tell you the truth, but knew that since it would be so unbelievable for you, I would take you there as well.  The master also knew when and how to find you because your CamVisor has a tracking device."
"It does?" I asked astounded.
"Yes," Rox replied.
"Rox you can shut up now.  I think it's time to reprogram you again," Brok said.
"Wait a minute and what about Krimla?  What will we do?"
"Oh, I think I have an idea," Brok said letting go of me.
"She's dangerous Brok.  She was meeting in secret with-"
"Pundok.  I know.  I wanted to free all slaves of Sha.  Not just humans, but other species as well.  My thoughts were to follow the pattern of your planet, to trade with them instead.  Pundok as the Senator who handled the economy had a few issues with this matter.  He had made it abundantly clear that it was a mistake and that it would be costly for us.  I knew that he was right, but we had benefited too long from these peoples and they received nothing in return.  He met in secret not just with Krimla, but with other senators as well."
"How did you know?"
"The night of the party.  My father and I spoke about the issue of the slaves.  He was trying to persuade me to change my mind.  He agreed with Pundok.  However, later on I spoke to him about this issue and I talked about you.  It radically changed his mind when he realized that I had been cured," Brok replied.
"What about this war that's going on?"  I asked.
"The lasers will not harm a single human.  They just put them to sleep," He answered.  My father and Randolph approached us.
"Hmm.  Uhmm," my dad said.  I smiled.
"Oh, this is... my father, Joseph," I said.  Brok approached him and extended his hand to shake it.  My father crossed his arms.  Holy crap.
"Well, well, well, how convenient.  I remember how you captured my daughter and tried to get me kicked off the ship, don't think I've forgetten about our little encounter.  You're not so tough now, are you?" My dad said.  Oh-my-God.
"Dad, please.  That's-"
"I still got a few rounds in this gun," my dad spat.
"Dad!"
"Plus my son is an ex military man, am I clear?" My dad said.  
"Yes Sir.  Very clear," Brok said and swallowed hard.  His adam's apple bounced.
"Good," my father replied.  I stared into my father's eyes pleadingly.  I was embarassed enough.  He looked into mine and then his gaze softened.
"Okay, son.  Since I shot you down let's make it even, okay?" My father replied.
"Yes.  That is a wise decision," Brok stated.  He hadn't lost his authoritative gestures or statements.
"Of course it is," my dad replied.
"So can you grab my hand now?" Brok asked.  My dad grumbled.
"Dad!" I begged.  My dad looked at his hand.
"Oh, alright," he said and extended his hand to him.  Brok grabbed it firmly and shook it.
"Can I call you dad?"
"Don't push it young man," My father said.  Brok nodded and I laughed.  I was happy.
Chapter Fifty
So, you're probably wondering what happened after Brok became human, right?  Of course you are.  Well, after every police officer was dozed down, the Sha soldiers were ordered to stand down and return to Sha.  When they all awoke, they thought they had all been involved in a dream.  Some thought otherwise, but no one really cared much.
Rox would now take Brok's place in the kingdom.  He wasn't formerly the prince, he was instead named magistrate.  He had an assistant and her name was Krimla.  Yep, Krimla was resuscitated and turned into a human avatar as punishment.  She hated it at first until she became ironically Lukutus' girlfriend.
The King and Queen communicated with Brok through the Chambo.  They were usually travelling galaxies now that they knew that their son wouldn't need to be executed after all. It's obvious that the war between the Sha planet and ours didn't occur. The timeline had now changed and since Brok was staying, how could he destroy the world that he was now a part of?  Obviously, he didn't.  My brother never died in a war of resistance.  The war .  I hooked him up with my best friend Chandra. They got along so well, they ended up engaged. 
As for Luke Stevens, I heard that he dated somebody else, but you're probably not as interested in Luke Stevens and I don't blame you.  I'm uniterested as well. 
Well, Brok and I married.  We had a wonderful outdoor wedding during the nighttime where the people of Sha and my family were invited.  It wasn't an easy situation, but it was manageable and everyone survived.  Although it was outdoors, it was a total secret of course, but it was lovely with hundreds of brilliant lights, flowers which were of course red roses and plenty of food.  Servants from Sha came in and out.  Rox looked handsome now in his new purple robe, next to him was a Sha woman I had never known, apparently a new girlfriend.  I was happy for him.  He was always such a wonderful person.  Yes, person.  He was no longer an it.  A.I. bloomed during his reign and he was able to find a cure for indiference.  He simply called it a love potion. 

After we married we decided to stay in Illinois.  We moved to Lake Forest.  Never in my wildest dreams did I picture myself living in a mansion, but there I lived, with a great garden, wonderful view and amazing food.  Dinners were the best time for us and especially for Brok.  He ate so much I decided to declare a diet for us in the house.  It was necessary because he just wouldn't stop eating chocolate cake and although great, I didnt' want him to develop diabetes, so cakes were once a month. 
  My father didn't have to sell his house for me, but he did it for himself.   Now he lived with us.  It took some time for him to get used to Brok, but eventually they got along pretty well and became good friends.
As for me.  I was finally able to complete my dreams.  I went to college just like I had dreamnt, debt free since I was a millionaire and studied in English.  I became a publisher instead.  I was now constantly surrounded by books and words like I so much cherised.  The library was always full and sometimes Brok even helped me out with them.  A year later, after becoming a publisher I had to tell Brok the excellent news.  I was pregnant!
Brok was anxious through the entire process.  What if he came out with blue skin, golden eyes or looked abnormal, he would tell me.  I would always respond with an I'll love him no matter what he looks like.  However, his fears never came true.   We had a beautiful baby boy and called him Jonathan.  He had clear blue eyes and blond hair, just like daddy.  After that we had two more children, Arabella and Benjamin.
At night I would sit down with them and tell them the story of how I met their father.  I never referred to myself specifically, I usually called her Belle instead.  Before the end, they would always ask me how could Belle love such a monster and my answer would always be the same.  Because there was too much beauty in the beast's heart and that beauty was the truly everlasting one, the beauty from within.  
"You see children, our physical beauty although nice and sometimes an advantage withers with time, that's why the Everlasting Beauty is the one that lives in the heart.  Understood?" I explained.  Arabella yawned.
"Yeah mom," they replied.
"Okay my little munchkins.  Time to go to bed," I said.  The children who slept together although they had their own bedrooms and beds, tucked each other in and closed their eyes.
"I don't want to sleep," Benjamin complained, but soon he closed his eyes and fell asleep with the rest of this siblings.  I walked out, stared at them from the threshold.  Then I closed the door to leave them soundlessly asleep.  I headed to my bedroom and after I changed into my favorite negligee I saw a red rose lying on the covers of the bed.  I knew it was the same rose that I had carried with me, the same rose that had kept me company during my moments of despair, hope and joy.  Then I felt a hand grab me.  It was Brok.  He held me in his arms, caressed my hair, my cheeks and my arms.  Then he ducked his lips onto mine and kissed me with passion.  I felt his softness swirl into my mouth.  I was somewhere else, not on Earth, but maybe in paradise.  I didn't want him to stop, but then his lips parted from mine.
I gently released myself from his grasp.  He stared at me as I reached out for the rose and held it in my hand.
"The rose," he said.
"I can't believe that you still like it's thorns," I said.
"I still do. They remind me of my home planet, but I've also learned how to appreciate it's petals.  The softness of them drive me crazy," he said.
"Are you still talking about the petals?" I asked. Brok laughed.
"Perhaps," Brok replied. I laughed. Then he grabbed the rose and passed the soft petals gently on my cheeks in a circular motion. I closed my eyes and felt the softness of it. Then he placed the rose in a glass covering shaped as a dome where it now usually remained. 

 It was a symbol of many things, our love majorly and because Brok had the technology to keep it everlasting, he used it.  
"I want to thank you, so, so much," Brok said.
"For what?"  I asked frowning.  
"For saving my life, for loving me.  For being who you are," Brok mumbled in my ear.  I immediately shook my head.
"No, no, you saved me.  You gave me a life I never thought I'd have."
"I didn't give you anything, it was all yours to start with.  You earned it before you even had it.  Besides all of this, without you, is nothing," Brok replied.
"I think the same thing too," I mumbled back into his ear.  Brok carresed my knuckles and my cheeks.  Then he nibbled my ear.  It deliciously tickled and I felt a jolt of frenzy on my spine.
"I love you Anabella."*
"I love you too," I said and then we kissed each other like a couple of teenagers.  I felt his soft lips, his tongue, his breath touching me all over, even into the very depths of my soul.  We embraced and headed for the bed.  What happened next I leave it to your own imagination.  All I can say is that I had my happily ever after, after all.

The End

