

Family across Space
by Stephen Brandon
Copyright 2017 by Stephen Brandon
Published by Stephen Brandon at Smashwords 

* * *

Smashwords Edition License Notes 

Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer.  Thank you for your support.

* * * * *

Author's Note 

This book is a work of fiction.  All characters, organizations, incidents, and dialogue are from the authors imagination or used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or other persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.  Real and fictional locations are used for background only.  
This story came to me as I was waking up on a Saturday morning in August. Wouldn't you know it, everything conspired against me sitting down in front of my computer until that evening. I managed to get two chapters down before the evening passed. I vaguely remembered more interesting parts, but just didn't have time that night to type them up. Maybe I should have typed them up before typing the dull first two chapters. 

* * * * * *


Table of Contents ~(ToC)~

Authors Note
Acknowledgments
Chapter 1    The Gate 
Chapter 2    The Ruins 
Chapter 3    Staff 
Chapter 4    Tracks 
Chapter 5    Hunters Outpost 
Chapter 6    Abram's new Home 
Chapter 7    The Farmers Cabin 
Chapter 8    Symbolism 
Chapter 9    The Room
Chapter 10  The Visitor 
Chapter 11   The Rescue 
Chapter 12   The Hospital 
Chapter 13   Bending the Rules 
Chapter 14   Frenzy 
Chapter 15   Lidia Mae
Chapter 16   Pirate or Spy
Chapter 17   Warning
Chapter 18   Repast 
Chapter 19   Innocent youth 
Chapter 20   Unknown 
Chapter 21   Dinner out 
Chapter 22   The Estate 
Chapter 23   A War
About Stephen Brandon

* * * * *


Acknowledgments
My wife has put up with me for over forty six years.  Without her support and love, I don't know who, what, or where I would be. I thank her from the bottom of my heart, and dedicate my books to her!  
I also acknowledge the efforts of all the teachers I had and the librarians. The writers of all the books I've read, also deserve credit. 
* * * * *


Chapter 1   The Gate

“Mother there is a visitor at the gate. He request to see you.” 
“Take him to the visitors house and tell him he can see your father when he returns.” 
“But Mother, he says it is important, and he has fathers helmet.” 
“Son, that means your father is either injured or dead, arm two servants, we will meet him in the courtyard. Have your sister gather all the children and prepare to go out the back way if we need to. Have the cook come here immediately.” 
“Yes Mother.” 
As they approached the stranger standing in the courtyard, he stood calmly in his dust covered robes. Just before she got within arms reach, he dropped to one knee and held out her husbands helmet. In a soft voice he said, “Mother Malone, I've talked to your husband. He sent me with his helmet and a note.” 
She reached out and took the helmet. Tucked inside was a piece of parchment. Pulling it out she read; 

Sugar Plum 
This is to introduce Joseph. Danger is on its way quickly! Follow his instructions no matter how impossible they sound. His friend and I are on our way to save the village. 
Henri

“Joseph, evidently you've convinced my husband that danger is nearby. What are your instructions.? 
“Mother Malone, you need to gather everyone and instruct them to grab a small bag that they can carry with several sets of clothing including sturdy sandals. Your attendants from the village should gather baskets of food for three days, tools, and weapons. Everyone should be here in the courtyard in less than an hour prepared to depart.” 
Thinking a second, Mother turned to the armed attendants and put out her hand. “Give me your spears. Go and tell the cook, nurse, and housekeeper to come to the courtyard immediately. Then go to the barn and bring back all the hand carts.” 
When the cook ran into the courtyard, Mother turned and said, “Everyone is leaving within the hour. Pack all the travel food in the storeroom in small bundles, and have them brought to the courtyard. Also what you need from the kitchen to prepare food.” 
“What about my husband?” the cook cried.
“Henri is on his way to the village to get everyone there, so tell the others if they are worried about their children, husbands, or wives. Quickly now, we don't have much time.” 
After all the attendants left the court yard she turned to Joseph who was still on one knee and said, “Stand up and explain exactly what is going on. I want all the details.” 
“Ma-am, there is meteor headed for this valley, we only discovered it yesterday. At first we though it would crash in the western ocean. This mornings observations were more precise and appalling. Our leader made the decision to evacuate as many of the residents as possible. Unfortunately we only have enough room for the village people and those on your farm. We hope the hills surrounding this valley will shield the villages and farms outside the valley.” 
“I don't understand how we can quickly get everyone out of the valley, and where is a safe area near here?” 
“Ma-am, there is no completely safe area near here. Our leader decided to use some of the old technology to transport everyone to a safe area. You must realize that this will seem like magic to most of the people in this area. I will need your help to convince all your people to go through the gates.” 
“If I remember correctly, the technology you are talking about is forbidden, because of the plagues explorers brought back.” 
“Yes ma-am, it is on the forbidden list. However, if we don't use it, everyone will die! Our leader has picked a safe area for us. My people trust him with our lives and now ask you to trust him with your and your peoples lives.” 

Less than an hour later several men arrived at the gate and one approached Joseph. “Sir, where shall we set up the gate?” 
Mother immediately said, “Can you set it up just outside the main gate there?” pointing toward the double doors that were open. “Joseph, what will if feel like going through? I remember reading that it drove many people mad.” 
“Ma-am, it will feel like you are being twisted inside out, but it only last a few seconds. We will need to explain that to your people so they won't panic like the livestock would. That is why we are only taking people.” 
A few minutes later Joseph said, “It is time.” 
Mother turned and looked over her people in the courtyard and raised her hand. “Listen up everyone. Danger is upon us. To live we have to go through that gate. You will feel like you are being twisted inside out, but it will only last a little while. If you feel sick step to the side, but keep moving towards the hills.
The cavern was large and dark as they entered it. Everyone was tired and they were collapsing after walking so far. Jacob's people set up lanterns and started fires for cooking. Henri organized guards at the entrance to keep animals out. 
When Jacob returned he suggested that Henri organize groups to go out in the morning to survey the area for a new village and farm. This planet, he said, never had people on it and the animals are wild and not afraid of man. 
A year later the village was finished, and had a tall wood fence with four gates, that they closed at sundown. The farm house, storehouse, and first barn were within another tall wood fence. Each of the other barns and storehouses each had its own tall wood fence and a small keepers house. Only two men and one child had been killed by wild animals. Every adult carried a long knife, sword, spear, or bow and arrows. The wild animals started learning to avoiding the villagers and farmers. 
Jacob's people had set up in the cavern. However over a dozen of them had been killed by animals. Very few of them armed themselves. Somehow the animals knew that they were much easier prey. 
Henri and Jacob organized groups to go out and explore the land outside their valley. 

* (ToC) *


Chapter 2   The Ruins

Andrew and Chad, Henri's sons trained four young men from the village, and four from the technicians. Jacob monitored the training for several weeks and then left his son Abram to report to him when Andrew said the training was complete. 
He visited the farm and talked to Henri about the expeditions. He also gave each of the boys a radio and taught them on how to use them. Jacob brought maps and instructed the boys on how to update them with terrain marks. One team would turn left, and one right after they left the valley entrance. They were to look for good water sources, good land to farm, mineral sources, and places easy to protect. 
Chad's team turned left at the valley entrance and found a river in less than a day. Unable to cross they turned back toward the mountains and zigzagged back and forth until they found the entrance to another valley. It took two weeks to explore that valley. Hunting was good and they got careless. Wolves attacked because of the fresh meat left in the camp. They were lucky that no one was bitten or badly hurt. In the morning they turned right and headed back toward their valley. It took them two days travel to find their markers and reenter their valley. 
Andrews team turned right and followed the hills. A week later they spotted a cave entrance. The climb to the cave took an hour. Once they entered the cave they realized it was another cavern and it had crystals on the walls. A small stream flowed out of the cavern. The water tasted bitter. After leaving the cavern they followed the stream for several days until they found a river. Turning they followed the river upstream for two days and then turned inland. The forest changed that day and they found old fruit trees. Andrew split his team and they circled the fruit tree section. It took all day. That night when they compared notes they realized the stream on the mountain side of the fruit tree section was larger than the section they crossed on the river side. The next morning they backtracked to the stream and followed it downstream until they found a pond. Exploring around the pond they stumbled upon what appeared to be stone ruins. In one ruin when they dug down into the leaf mold they found what appeared to be tools. Exploring the area they found slightly smaller trees, on might be old trails, one toward the river and the other toward the mountains. Andrew decided to follow the possible trail back toward the mountains.
They made good time until they reached another stream. Tasting the waters the team decided it must come from the crystal cavern. They also searched the river bank and finally found some large square stones. The way they were overgrown explained how they missed them on the way down. After crossing the stream they continued up the trail. 
Several days later they came upon the entrance to another valley. Entering the valley the first thing they noticed was that one of the valley walls was straight and vertical. Reaching the bottom of the wall they found cut stones that were almost overgrown with brush. Camping amongst the stones that night they decided to return to the valley entrance and check around for any other trails for one day and then return to their valley to report their findings. They found one other trail leading off to the right of the valley entrance, and it was paved in rock, although badly overgrown. It took over a week to return to their valley entrance. 
The farmers were happy to get the fruit tree seeds, but the technicians were wary when they heard the report. Their leader decided that further expeditions to the ruins and up the paved trail were needed, once radio relay stations were built and setup. 
* (ToC) *


Chapter 3   Staff

In the new valley, the crops yields were almost double. Even though the ground had to be tilled by hand, because there were no horses to pull the plows. The first winter was mild and no one died from the fever. 
By spring the technicians offered several bits of technology to the farm and village. The first was electric lights. The second was a mechanical plow that was pulled through the field by a wagon on treads. It used electricity, and had to be plugged in at night. 
Every few months they brought out another invention to make life easier. 
One evening Melissa, Mother's forth child, told her told her that she'd found out from Abram, Jacob's oldest son. They were making these inventions from the old books they brought through the gate. Melissa also admitted that Abram wanted to take her as his wife, and his father was almost ready to ask for Abram to be allowed to court her. Henri got mad and forbade her to see Abram.
That night Mother talked to Henri and reminded him how unhappy Tracy was married to the farmer in the village. At breakfast he informed Melissa that she was confined to the house until Jacob requested permission for Abram to court her, and then she would be chaperoned everywhere. 
A week later Jacob came to see Henri. Mother could see that he was nervous, and after the introductions she took all the children out. Jacob started by bringing up the fact that the technicians had some new inventions to bring out. 
Henri just grinned and stated, “That's not new news.” 
Then Jacob wanted to talk about a new expedition to what was referred to as the crystal cavern. 
Henri stated that he already had an expedition out to the crystal cavern to collect more crystals. 
Finally Jacob stated, “I would like permission for my son Abram to court your daughter Melissa.” 
Henri said, “Jacob, finally, you get around to why you're here. Melissa will be chaperoned any time she and your son are together. Second, he will have to build a house outside the cavern. Third, he'll have to have one crop harvested to prove he can feed her and their children. I'm not saying he has to become a farmer, but he needs to know more than how to read an old book, and build a machine from it. Forth, he needs to learn how to fight so he can protect his wife and children from animals, or any humans we might find on this world. All my and Kimberly's children are learning the sword and bow to protect themselves.” 
“This is going to be harder on him than Kimberly was on Cedric.” 
“My sister was a grown woman and a widow. She knows how to take care of herself. My daughter is inexperienced and young. She has not had to deal with any of the hard facts of life and death. Abram's job is to protect her and treat her like the jewel she is. The harder he has to try, the more he'll grow and the more he'll cherish her. Can you see my point?” 
“Henri, you are a hard man. I understand your point. My son has led a sheltered life compared to your sons. I'll tell him tonight, and if he shows up tomorrow to request training, I'm sure he'll become the man you are looking for to marry your daughter.” 
“Good!” 
“Henri, I'm also going to recommend to the leader that all the young men learn at least the bow and sword. We hid before we came here to protect our knowledge. Now we must be out in the open. I think I'm also going to suggest that we open a school to teach every young child to read and write.” 
“Jacob, that is also a good idea. That should remove most of the superstitions the villagers have.” 
Two days later Henri sat on his porch while his eldest son handed each young man in the group an ax and saw. “The first thing today is to find proper trees to make a bow, and cut them down. Tomorrow we'll drag them back here and split them to dry. Day after tomorrow we'll use some seasoned wood to start making training swords and shields.” 
One of the young men raised his voice and stated, “My father said a man with a staff could defeat a man with a sword. I want to learn the staff.” 
With a smile Andrew replied, “Good, after you learn the sword and bow, my father will teach you how to use the staff as a weapon. Since he is so old and feeble, you might last a minute or two while he trains you.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“The same staff you train with, is the one you can kill an animal or man with. Discussion is now over. Follow me to the hills where the good trees grow.” 
Mother heard Henri laughing as he reached back and picked up the solid oak staff, that he'd walked with when she'd first met him. She could hear the ring of the iron caps that he'd put on both ends years ago, when one split. Thinking to herself, I've never seen him go anywhere without something he could use as a weapon. James is old enough to train. I think I'll suggest to him when he cuts his tree, he make a new staff for his father. That one has enough sweat and blood on it. “Girls, set up the targets. It's time for your bow training. 
* (ToC) *


Chapter 4   Tracks

Rubin the fourth didn't like his fathers occupation. He learned it though. However, when he was required to attend the school to learn to read, write, use of the sword, and the the bow, he fell in love with the bow. He then knew he would become a hunter. 
The farmers had found a few animals and tried to domesticate them, but failed. 
Rubin learned and excelled with the bow. He made not one, but three. His little brother brought him birds he killed with his sling, but Andrew loved making things more than anything else. 
Animals were scarce in the valley. The hunters went up or down the river in the boats they'd help build. New territory always yielded bountiful game. 
Rubin was out with two other hunters when he found the footprint. He ordered them to take the game they'd killed and return to the village immediately. 
Following the trail, he was truly alone for the first time in his life. 
The first night he moved off the trail, built a fire to cook his food. After eating, he buried his fire and moved up the trail and then found a tree to sleep in. 
He followed his routine for four days. The morning of the fifth day, he'd just killed a small animal, and he planned to have it for his evening meal. Bending over he spotted a deer across the clearing. Crouching, so as not to disturb it, he heard the whistle of an arrow. The deer bolted for a few steps and fell. 
Hiding he watched the area to find the other hunter. Suddenly an arrow penetrated the ground in front of his face. Grabbing the arrow, he scrambling quickly back into the trees and started around the clearing. 
Another arrow ricocheted into the tree he was hiding behind. Pulling it quickly from the tree, he ran deeper into the forest and then circled back. Taking a breath he compared the two arrows. They were slightly shorter than his, and had two blue bands in front of the flights. 
Making a decision, he approached the meadow. The dead deer was still there, although a few carrion birds had found it. Waiting until one of the birds was in line with the carcass, he let fly one of his arrows. He smiled, because the shot was perfect, pinning the bird to the deer. 
Turning he made his way back to near where he entered the clearing and set up camp. After cooking his small animal, he leaned back against a large tree to eat. While eating he thought he heard the rustle of leaves. Whoever this other hunter was, they were good. 
Carefully moving to leave no trail he found a tree to sleep in. Climbing the tree next to it, he crossed the limbs to it, and tied the leafy branches to hide his position. 
Waking at dawn he scrambled down and circled around the clearing and the tree looking for tracks. Almost back to his original location he finally found a broken twig. It was hard following the trail until it crossed his, then the other hunter followed his trail up to the tree and then around in circles until he gave up. 
Back in the clearing the deer was gone along with his arrow, but the dead bird was just a pile of scattered feathers. Selecting the best he put them in his hunting bag. From what he could detect from the trail, two larger hunters had helped remove the deer. 
He followed the trail until if came to a stream. Spotting a rose bush, he cut several straight canes. Sitting under a tree he whittled them down and mounted the bird feathers he had as flights. Using the remains of the small animal he skinned and eaten, he secured them and cut pouches from the skin. Packing wet clay in the skin pouches, he mounted them like arrowheads. After hanging them to dry, he went hunting and got a small deer. 
Returning to his campsite by the stream he butchered the deer after making a drying rack. After scraping the deer skin, he mounted it above the drying rack to catch the smoke. After a quick dip in the creek he cooked dinner. 
Wrapped up in his cape he lay down like he was going to sleep. After dark he moved and listened. For several hours to woods sounded normal. Like a door was closed, all sound from the other side of the creek stopped. Awhile later he heard a snap and thump from the other bank. Pulling one of his new arrows he watched and waited. What looked like a bear was ambling down the creek, sniffing the air.  It started forward at run and then suddenly stopped, spinning around. He could see an arrow sticking out the bears side. 
Knowing a wounded beast was terribly dangerous he dropped his new arrow and quickly fired several of his arrows. Finally the bear fell over. Quickly crossing the creek he pulled his knife and made sure the bear was dead. Whistling quietly he listened for a reply. All he could hear was some breathing. Following the sound he found a dying wolf, and a blood trail. The wolf had been killed using a knife. He realized following the other hunter would be doubly dangerous. Before they were just stalking and watching him. 
Taking one of the other hunters arrows he stuck it through both of the wolfs ears. That way if the hunter or his crew came back they'd know he'd left a message. Laying stones in an arrow formation pointed back toward the dead bear, he repeated the arrow message through the ears, only this time he use one of his arrows and the other hunters arrow he pulled from the carcass. Removing his other arrows he cleaned them in the creek and set them to dry at his campsite. 
In the morning he packed all the deer meat he could carry in the skin, and headed back toward the river. Almost to the river he ran into his hunting crew and several other hunters. After telling his tale they turned aside and hunted for another two days. 
As they were packing up to return to the boats, the hair on the back of his neck stood on end. He knew he was being watched. Thinking quickly he took one of the bag tipped arrows, one of his regular hunting arrows, and the other hunters shorter arrows, tied them together and hung them from a branch. 
They paddled back upriver for three days before coming to the hunters outpost. 
Returning to the valley, he visited the woman that kept the flower garden. He asked her if she could train her roses to make straight shafts like the ones he'd found. She said, “With tender cuts of meat for my poor old teeth, I can grow you straight rose shafts for all your arrows.”
* (ToC) *


Chapter 5   Hunters Outpost

The valley prospered. A farmers family moved out to the area where they'd found the fruit trees and built a farm. It became a stop over for the hunters on their way to their outpost on the river. 
In the spring Rubin was one of the first hunters back to the outpost. One of his crew brought him a skin bag. When he unwrapped it, he found the arrow bundle and a rough drawn map. He took his crew of two plus two young men that wanted to become hunters down the river to where they were last year. In one day they got several large deer. 
After preparing some traveling food, he told them to hunt and return to the valley. He was going to follow the map. Four days later he came to the creek. At his campsite he found a pile of stones with an arrow pointing upstream. Hanging from a limb over his old fire was a cloth bag with jerky and dried berries. Studying the new map from the bag he located the landmarks and estimated the distance. He though, I could cut across, but why do they want me to follow such a wandering trail? Are they trying to take my measure? 
He estimated he'd be at the end of the trail the next day. That day he saw several deer, but didn't hunt them. Toward evening he saw a wolf. One arrow and it lay dead. Gutting it, he slung it over his shoulder and walked to the marked spot on the map. 
There was a stone fire-ring and a cabin. Knocking on the door he realized it was empty. Taking his small shovel he dug a hole under a tree back up the trail, and butchered the wolf. Returning to the cabin he found the smoking room. Hanging the meat, except what he would eat for dinner, he started a fire. Hanging his quiver and bow, he went out to collect extra wood. That night he prepped the wolf skin and put it on the stretching rack. For three days he gathered wood and finally went out and killed a deer. A week later that meat was dried too. 
He drew a map showing his path back to the river and upstream to the hunters outpost. Across the small clearing from the cabin, he turned and fired one of his rose shaft arrows into the door frame above the door. 
Ten days later he tied his canoe to the new dock at the outpost. No one was around, and after unpacking and having a good meal he went to sleep. 
In the morning he found one of the other hunters arrows on the table. While making breakfast a group of hunters arrived from the valley. After feeding them, he told them to go upriver. After they left, he took his bow and unstrung it. Sitting on the porch he cleaned all his gear and put it up to dry. Returning from a swim in the river, he found a deer hanging from the butcher rack and an arrow with two blue rings. This confirmed to him that the other hunter was watching. He cooked up a double portion with dried vegetables. 
Setting out two plates he sat down and waited. 
At dark he ate his cold meal and covered the other plate. Then he prepared one of his travel bags with dried meat and vegetables. He hung the bag from a tree limb at the edge of the clearing. 
*(ToC)*


Chapter 6

Abram had his house built and a new crop in the field. His fall harvest wasn't that good, but he didn't starve over the winter, and had some preserved and dried vegetables left. He'd had to get Melissa to come over and teach him how to preserve vegetables by drying and pickling. 
Later that spring he asked his father arrange the marriage date. 
Melissa looked like a goddess the day he married her, and took her to their new home. 
Within weeks, to him it seemed like his home was a rendezvous point for the cavern, farmers, and Malone estate people. Melissa would not allow someone to stop by without feeding them, it was the Malone way. 
Toward fall his father told him about the inn's in the old world, and how they made their livings. Abram put out the word that visitors were welcome, but asked that they bring food to resupply what they ate. Or they could bring something to trade. 
With the help of a few friends he built another building and put shelves in it. At first they looked very bare, and then items started accumulating. 
By the end of the next summer he was so busy trading that he had to call upon farmers from the village and young men from the cavern to harvest his crops. To his and Melissa's surprise, hunters and farmers stopped in more often during the winter. She had to get a girl from the village to help her cook, and keep the dining room. 
His trading post was enlarged to make room for a larger dining room and then several bunk rooms for people overnight. 
After his spring crop was planted, he came in one afternoon to find his kitchen empty, except for Henri. Henri didn't look happy as he sat with his staff across his lap. “Boy, I'm not to happy about the way you're working my daughter.” 
“But Sir, the visitors and trade just grew without any reason. I've hired a boy to run the store and a girl to help Melissa. What else can I do, except turn visitors away.” 
With a grin, Henri said, “I think you should move outside the valley, that way you'll only have the hunters and travelers between the valleys visiting.” 
“I'll have to talk this over with Melissa first, if she agrees I'll start looking.” 
“Oh, she will agree. Of that I am positive. 
“Now Abram, hire another young woman and boy and teach them how to run your business. I'll have some of my hands put in your spring crop. 
“This winter you should check several sites outside the valley located near the entrance. Some of the farmers should be able to tell you about the soil, and even help you start new buildings.” 
“But Sir, how do I compensate them?” 
“Abram, have you ever really looked at my farm, or should I say estate? Have you ever asked your father about what used to be called money?”
“No Sir.”
“I'll send Chad over to teach you what you can't learn from Melissa. She knows how to run the household, but not how to handle the estate. You may not have noticed, as busy as you've been, but you are going to make me a grandfather in the early winter next year.” 
“Sir, she told me. She's already put out word that she needs another woman here.” 
“Good, that is a load off my mind, but I want you to send her back to the estate by the end of summer. Her mother is setting up a set of rooms for her and the baby.” 

Before the end of the summer Abram sent Melissa home, then went out with several hunters to look around outside the valley. With their help he found several favorable locations, two along the stone roads. 
He had talked to his father about a mechanical wagon and trailer to move large items for building a new home. The scientist and mechanics in the cavern brought out several new machines for cutting trees and building walls. 
That winter a dozen farmers joined the crew from the cavern to build him a trading post and home within a stockade outside the valley. One of the farmers son's asked him if he could move in with the girl he wanted to marry. 
Abram simply told him that he'd claimed all the land around, but he could work some of the land and pay him a rent for his home and land. The young man agreed. Between working some land and building a home within the stockade, he had himself setup by winter. He moved his new wife in with him early that winter. 
Abram had his business in the valley run by young men from the cavern. Quickly his stockade outside the valley became an overnight stopping point for hunters and those traveling between the valleys. 
It wasn't until late winter the first stranger stopped in. She was dressed like a hunter, but had none of the valley's money. She simply offered to trade a bear skin and half a deer for room and board. She stayed until the weather broke. 
It was several days later that one of Rubin's men pointed out that there was an arrow sticking in the outside wall near the gate. When Abram had it brought in, it had metal arrow tip and two blue bands back near the flights. 

*(ToC)*


Chapter 7

The strange arrow hanging above the buffet table was a source of conversation among the hunters. They'd all heard heard the story from Rubin's hunting crew. How he'd come across a deer shot by an unknown hunter. How he'd tracked him. How he'd killed the bear and used the other hunters arrows to mark the kill. And here was a similarly marked arrow hanging above the buffet table in Abrams outpost. 
Six hunters saw Rubin and his crew entered the stockade. After finishing their business they entered the inn. Throwing down their gear at a table they headed for the buffet. 
The six hunters were silent as they watched. Rubin looked up one time in the direction of the arrow and then reached for the scoop in the pot of stew. His hand froze partway. He snapped his head up and focused his eyes on the arrow. The hunter behind him bumped him, yet he didn't notice. Reaching slowly upward he grasp the arrow and lifted it down from the pegs. By then his crew all had their eye's on his hand. One commented, “How did that get here?” 
Rubin turned slowly and looked at the six hunters sitting at the table and asked, “Did one of you bring this in?” 
Together they announced, “Talk to Abram.” 
Catching Abram, Rubin asked where the arrow came from. 
Rubin told him about the stranger that spent a week in a room during the blizzard, then left. How one of his men spotted the arrow stuck in the stockade wall near the gate later. “She was smart with her trade, but acted mute. Her hand signs were close enough to the hunters hand signs that I understood. It wasn't until the next day when she was eating in here that I realized that the stranger was a woman.” 
“A hunter woman!” exclaimed Rubin. 
“Yes, definitely a woman. The mysterious hunter you've been tracking several years is a woman. I saw her arrows.” 
One of the other six hunters quipped, “Rubin, you're chasing a woman, a huntress. You know she isn't from the valley.” 
“Tell, you know she isn't alone downriver. I've seen several different sets of tracks with hers.” said Rubin. 
Tell then commented, “Rubin, is that why you changed your shafts from wood to rose, so the stranger would know?” 
“Yes, but I never thought he was a woman.” 
“I suggest that you come back to the valley and inform Henri and Jacob. Then, when my crew is rested, we'll drop you downriver so you can chase her, err I mean explore the area.” 

Three days later Rubin met with Jacob and Henri. After making an extra quiver of rose shaft arrows, and a full pack he was ready. 

Tell's crew dropped him downriver. Traveling inland several days he arrived at the cabin. It was deserted. The first thing he noticed, was that the arrow was missing and there was more firewood stacked. 
Several days of hunting and drying meat were uneventful. He drew a rough map on the table and departed. Three days travel toward the mountains showed no tracks or other indications of settlements. Returning to the cabin, he updated his table map. 
Several days later he headed in the downriver direction. The mountains came back toward the river after several days travel. Where they came close together he climbed a tall hill and looked downriver. He contemplated camping several days on the mountain. Game was plentiful. 
That evening he thought he saw a campfire downriver. 
In the morning he moved his camp further up the mountain and camouflaged it better. Checking the mountain completely he found several old camps. 
Completely alert and using all his skills he traveled downriver to near where he thought he'd seen the campfire. To his surprise it was another cabin, only occupied. He found the farmers field. 
That night he tied one of his older flint tipped rose shaft arrows to the beam above the door, and returned to the forest to watch and wait. 
With amusement he watched a young girl jumping up and down the trying to grab the arrow. A young man emerged and then yelled back into the cabin. An older man emerged and after one look, cut down the arrow and told the young man something. Within the minutes, the young man emerged with a pack, and headed inland from the river. 
Rubin went hunting. Game was not plentiful near the cabin, but he managed to kill a small deer. After preparing it for travel, he returned to watch the cabin. Three hunters arrived that evening. 
Shouldering his pack he slowly approached the cabin across the field from the direction of the river. Making enough noise to raise the dead, he stomped up on the porch and knocked on the door. 
The door opened slowly. Facing him was the farmer and two hunters. Leaning his bow against the outside wall, he pulled the skin with the meat in it off his shoulder. Extending it toward the farmer he turned around, and walked over to the porch rail and leaned against it. 
One of the hunters dragged a chair out and leaned its back against the wall. Pulling his knife he started whittling on a stick. Rubin watched for awhile and then the young girl came out with a small wooden bowl full of stew. Accepting it Rubin smiled and moved his head up and down. 
She just stood there and watched him as he opened his pack. He'd brought several trade items. Selecting a sewing kit, he opened it and showed the young girl the three needles and colored floss. Threading one with blue floss he motioned her to step closer. As she did, he noticed the other hunter notch an arrow. Slowly taking here sleeve he drew the needle through the rough cloth and spent several minutes sewing several blue squares on it. Then he handed the sewing kit to her and picked up the bowl of stew. It was almost cold, but still good. Kicking his legs straight he listened to the girl tell someone in the house something. 
Standing up he slung his pack, picked up his quiver of arrows, and pulled one and handed it to the hunter sitting on the chair. The hunter looked at the arrow with a puzzled look for a minute and then said something. Rubin thought, well this is the time to take a chance.
Opening his mouth, Rubin said, “I don't understand you. I come from upriver,” pointing that direction, “I am an explorer and hunter.” 
The third hunter walked out the door and picked up Rubin's bow. Looking it over he compared it to his. Taking the arrow from the other hunter he notched it and aimed at the other building. Straining slightly he fired and hit the building. Then he pulled one of his arrows and notched it. It was shorter than the rose shaft arrow, but fired easily and hit near the first. Then he handed Rubin his bow. 
It was shorter than Rubin's bow. After flexing it several times he put his hand over his shoulder and felt around in his quiver. Pulling one of his new rose shaft arrows he notched it and sent it thudding into the building between the other two. With a grin he handed the hunter back his bow, and kept his hand out waiting for his bow. After a short wait he got his bow, drew another arrow and sent it thudding into the building within inches of his first. Placing the end of his bow on the porch, he stepped through placing one end by his foot. Grabbing near the top, he bent the bow and removed the bowstring. His bow straightened out and was now almost as tall as he was. Bowing slightly, he then pointed in the direction the boy had run off in and the direction the hunters came from. The farmers wife came to the door and said something. 
The hunter facing him waived his hand and answered her. She replied loudly as she stomped onto the porch. Grabbing Rubin's sleeve she pulled him through the door and into the cabin. Pointing at a chair she motioned for him to sit. 
Placing his pack and bow in the corner, he sat at the table. She pulled three fired clay plates with a design painted around the border and placed a set of metal utensils at each. The fork only had two tines, and the knives showed evidence of many sharpening. Turning from the fire, she placed a large wood platter with a chunk of meat on it. Dipping a spoon into another pot she filled a wooden bowl with vegetables. Then opening a metal door in the chimney, she pulled a fresh baked loaf of bread. She then called her husband and they both sat down. The farmer bowed his head and mumbled something and then made a sign with his right hand. 
She cut a slice of meat, placed a spoon full of vegetables, and followed that with a fresh cut piece of bread. Then she picked up the plate and passed it to Rubin. He returned his empty plate to her. After repeating the sequence, she handed it to her husband. She then filled her plate and motioned her Rubin to eat. After he'd cut a thin slice from the meat, they picked up their utensils and started eating. Rubin wondered what the three hunters were discussing as they ate. After finishing the meal, she cleared the table and placed a book in front of Rubin. It showed much use and had a faint picture on its cover. What the hell does she want me to do with this? Opening the book he immediately recognized it as a child's letter book. The pictures were similar, but the letters were different. Motioning for something to write on and with he looked through the book. 
She placed several sheets of paper and a fine trimmed quill in front of Rubin. How shall I start? First he glanced around and then drew a stick figure of a man. Below that he drew another, only he put some curves in it. Then below than he drew two smaller figures. Beside the first he wrote in block letters MAN. By the second he wrote WOMAN. By the smaller figures he wrote boy and girl. Sliding the paper over to the woman, he pointed at the first figure and then at her husband. Pointing at the second figure he pointed at her. Pulling the paper back he drew an arc above the smaller figures and wrote children. Then he pointed at the word children and pointed at the three children sitting on the other side of the room. 
She nodded that she understood and reached for the paper. 
On the second sheet, he drew a rough picture of the fireplace. Below it he drew the pots she had hung and beside them a chair and a table. Writing the name of each beside each, he slid that page over to her and leaned back. 
The hunters were actively discussing something now, then one grabbed his gear and left. Through the open window Rubin saw him snatch one of his arrows from the wall of the other building and head into the woods at a run. 
Rubin got up and retrieved his pack. Digging deep he pulled his favorite book. He'd brought it from the old village. It had been his grandfathers and had a fine scribed cover. Pulling his quill and ink pot he started drawing a picture of himself on the inside cover. Then he printed HUNTER, RUBIN. Then he drew a picture of the the farmer, his wife, and the children beside a sketch of the cabin. Below the cabin he wrote CABIN. In fine letters below each figure he wrote the same he written on the paper. Drawing an arc he labeled it FAMILY. Then he enclosed the family and cabin and wrote HOME. Looking up he noticed the look of angst on the womans face. Evidently writing in a book is verboten! Turning his book he slid it across to her, then the ink-pot and quill. 
She went and got another sheet of paper and copied what he'd drawn and written. Then she looked around and started writing labels in fine letters below the words he written by each drawing. After returning the book, ink-pot, and quill to him she passed the paper to her husband to look at. After a glance he handed it to Rubin. Carefully Rubin copied all she'd labeled exactly as she written it without the smudges. Opening his pack he pulled a pack of fine absorbent clay and sprinkled it over the page in the book. Jiggling it to ensure it dried all the ink he tilted it over the page and did the same. Stepping outside he blew off the inside page of the book and piece of paper. Returning to the table he resumed his seat. 
Pulling his map roll from his pack he selected one and handed it to her. One of the hunters immediately recognized it as a map and jumped to grab it. In a flash Rubin pulled his knife and placed it on the hunters hand. 
With a disgusted look the hunter released his grip on the map, and slowly pulled his hand back. The woman started yelling at both of the hunters and then grabbed a broom and started waiving it at them. They went outside. 
Crap, that did it, now I'll be a prisoner. 
That evening the farmers wife took food to the hunters and made them eat on the porch and Rubin sat at the table with the farmers family like a guest of honor. As it started to get dark the farmers wife offered him a bed, but he refused and unrolled his bedding in a corner. As he stood up he listened to the farmer tell her something and then she slid a large kitchen knife under his pack that was to be his pillow. 
An argument on the porch woke the farmers family and Rubin. Shortly someone pounded on the door. I guess they got reinforcements to detain me.
As the farmer opened the door, Rubin saw an older woman in a fine leather jacket holding an arrow. She handed it to the farmer with a comment. He turned and handed it to Rubin. 
Immediately recognizing the arrow with two blue bands, he pulled one of his and handed it back to the farmer. When he handed it to the woman, she growled at the two other hunters and stepped through the door. Seeing Rubin, she motioned him toward the table. 
At the table she laid a sheaf of papers. As soon as Rubin sat, she handed one showing a map of the river with an arrow on it. Following the river he immediately realized that her map showed the traders outpost, Abram's stockade, and the entrance to the first valley. 
He nodded his head up and down, then retrieved his map roll. Placing three maps end to end he traced his route from Abrams stockade to the cabin, and then down beside the river to the farmers cabin. 
With a grin she said something to the farmer. He bowed and barked a command at his wife. She quickly assembled a meal and wrapped it in paper. With a smile she handed it to Rubin. 
The older woman stood by the door impatiently tapping her foot as Rubin packed his gear and restrung his bow. Again she motioned him to follow her.
* (ToC) *


Chapter 8

After a two day leisurely walk they arrived at a stockade. He immediately realized this was more than an outpost, plus the walkways around the top indicated that it could be used as a defensive fort. 
She started barking orders and within moments there was a line of hunters. With a smile she motioned Rubin the follow her as she stopped in front of each and said their name. The last two stuck their hands out to Rubin, so he said his name and grasp their hands momentarily. 
With a comment from her they stepped back and took off at a run. Grabbing packs they headed toward the gate.  She then motioned Rubin to follow her to a small building. Inside there were several bunks. Motioning him to place his bow on one bunk, she turned and waited by the door. Well, I'm a prisoner. Guess I'll unstring my bow and pull my books and papers. Rubin followed her to the larger building and they turned into a large room with several tables. With no comment she went to the table on a slightly raised platform and sat. A young man brought two steaming cups and set them in the center of the table, then returned with a platter of bread and meat. She grabbed a slice of bread and then speared a slice of meat with a knife he saw her pull from her sleeve. 
When he drew his sheath knife, she shook her head and yelled something over her shoulder. Within moments the young man reappeared with a delicate looking knife in an engraved sheath. He pulled Rubin's left sleeve up and strapped the sheath to his arm. Looking closely, Rubin realized that the sheath contained not only a knife, but a two tined fork. Pulling the knife he speared a chunk of meat and wrapped the bread around it. He watched her pull a jar of reddish paste over and using the stick in it spread a little on her sandwich. After a moment Rubin decided to try it. He smeared some on his sandwich and then took a bite. The spice mixture took his breath away. As he fanned his mouth with his eye's watering he realized she was laughing. 
She was still laughing as she took a bite and started to chew. He then realized that they had an audience from the kitchen plus several hunters from outside. More than one was laughing as the young man handed Rubin a cup of milky looking liquid. After a sip, the spicy burning cooled off. After eating she pushed one of the cups from the center of the table toward him and motioned him to take small drinks. After a sip, he knew they drank their wine hot. Before he finished his cup the young man returned with two clean white cloths. Rubin watched as she carefully cleaned her small knife and replace it in her arm sheath. He followed her example. 
She then motioned him to follow her. In an office she named another man and then motioned him to have a seat. He pulled out a large pad and motioned for Rubin to pass him his book. Opening it he looked at a few pages and then turned to the inside cover. Carefully reproducing the drawings and words he then started adding words using a different colored ink. 
Then he started free drawing and writing words beside them. At the bottom of the page he wrote a bunch of symbols and pointing at each making a sound. Then going up he pointed at each symbol in a word by a picture. Then he sounded out each symbol and then quickly said something that Rubin guessed was the word. 
After a few days of tutoring by the young man, Rubin started understanding the words, at least for objects like chair, table, food, and sit down. While his tutor taught him, another copied pages out of Rubin's book letter by letter.
Rubin wondered how long his incarceration would last until one afternoon there was a disturbance out in the courtyard. Following the tutor out, he saw a pack of wolves inside the open gate. Several of the hunters were down and the rest were fighting the wolves with knives. Two young hunters were on the wall platform, but they missed most of their shots. 
Rubin bolted and ran to his bunk-room. Slamming the door he grabbed and strung his bow. Slinging his quiver over his shoulder, he climbed the top bunk and punched through the roof. Carefully he crawled to the edge and took a sitting position. 
Six arrows and five dead wolves later the rest of the pack turned and ran for the gate. Just outside the gate he saw two hunters, one short and one that looked like the one that had departed several days before. Drawing another arrow he aimed at the wolf in the middle. Just as he released his arrow they turned and started toward the hunters. His second arrow took the lead wolf in the shoulder. His third took another in the flank. Jumping down from the roof he ran toward the gate notching another arrow. Running and shooting he managed to hit another wolf with his remaining arrows. By then the wolves were on the two hunters. 
Drawing his hunting knife he jumped into the pack and started knifing wolves. Three hunters from inside managed to get their hunting knives and they killed the rest of the wolves. Only one hunter was bitten. The others stood back and Rubin understood part of what they said, 'bad water.' 
Looking closely at the wolf laying on the bitten hunter, he recognized the mad dog sickness. He remember a story his father had told him, about a hunter that had been bitten years ago in the old valley. He'd been bitten on the hand. He knew he would die so he begged the farmer he'd saved, to cut his arm off. He lived. 
Rubin grabbed another hunter and yelled the word for hot wine and spice paste.  He took off at a run. Rubin looked at the wounds on the tall hunters leg above his knee and made a decision. 
Pulling his eating knife from his sleeve he motioned several of the hunters to hold the tall hunter down. He screamed as Rubin cut a plug out of his leg around every tooth bite. As he cut the last tooth bite out, Rubin again said the word for hot wine. Someone handed him a cup full. He heard a groan as he slowly poured it into to wounds. When the cup was empty he held it up for more. After every wound had been treated several times, he asked for the spice paste. He was shoved out of the way and an old woman took his place. 
After looking at his work she pulled out a bottle and hollow stick. Sucking the liquid from the bottle, she shoved the hollow stick in each wound and blew the liquid into the plug hole. The tall hunter screamed each time. Then she took a piece of cloth that looked new and wrapped it around the tall hunters leg. Standing, she looked at Rubin and then shook her head up and down, then started telling the other hunters something. Each one that had been in the fight started removing their clothes, even the short one. Throwing an eye at Rubin, he realized she wanted him to strip also. Two other hunters came out with shovels and started digging a hole. Each hunter threw their clothes in the hole. The old woman grabbed each and turned them around and poured the liquid from the bottle over every scratch. 
As she was treating Rubin he noticed the short hunter still had his under tunic on. As he was turned he realized the the short hunter was a woman. The old woman turned to the short hunter and spoke one word. The short hunter pulled the tunic over her head and said something. All the other hunters turned their backs and started back into the fort. 
Rubin stood there looking at the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen until the old woman slapped him on the back of his head and pointed toward the gates. Without glancing back he went to his bunk-room and got dressed. As he walked back out he saw the fire outside the gate, and the other hunters pulling the dead wolves out using ropes that they also threw in the fire. At the evening meal, his tutor handed him his bow without the string. He could smell the strong odor of the liquid the old woman used, and the fact that much of the paint pattern was faded and smeared. The wood was beginning to split at the seams. He also handed him a new leather quiver with shafts. Tied to the bottom was a bag of feathers and arrowheads. “He instantly knew that they considered anything touched by the blood of the mad dog sickness so contaminated that it had to be burned. Someone had made a decision that his bow was more important than the rule.”  Rubin took the bow and walked over to the window. There he reached up and laid it across two rafters. Cutting a strip from the bottom of his shirt, he tied the bow to the rafter. Then walked over to the door and washed his hands in the pot of hot water again. 
Going back to the table he stood until the older woman that brought him into the fort sat down. Then he sat down and reached into his sleeve. “Damn, where is that little knife? He realized that the old woman had motioned him to throw it into the fire pit.” Pulling his sleeve up he pointed at the empty sheath and then at one of the serving boys. Suddenly everyone else jumped to their feet. 
The short woman hunter walked into the eating room and right up to the table he was sitting. She stepped up on the platform an reached across the table and took his left arm and removed the arm sheath. Pulling another from her pocket she strapped it on his arm. Then reaching down she undid her knife belt an placed it in front of him. Every hunter in the room was on their feet. Rubin realized that he had to accept the gifts and probably the responsibility that went with them. Slowly he stood, and strapped the belt around his waist. Bowing his head toward her he furiously thought, what can I give her in exchange. He only had two things that he valued. One was the tooth from the first bear he'd killed on a thong around his neck, and the other was a locket his mother gave him before he left to become a hunter. He reached up and pulled both leather thongs over his head and held them out hanging from his fingers. 
The woman that brought him to the fort said something and the young huntress bowed her head. 
Rubin took his thumbnail and opened the locket. Inside was only a drawing of him. He remembered what his mother had said, “When you find the woman to make your wife, put her picture inside.” 
Several hunters at the closest table started commenting about something. Rubin could tell that they were studying the locket, and the picture of a young man holding a bow. The comments went from table to table. The young huntress stood there with tears in her eyes. Slowly she reached out and took the bear tooth thong and put it over her head. With slumped shoulders she walked over to a server and took the bread and meat platter he had and walked back to Rubin. Sinking to her knees she set them on the table beside him. 
Suddenly it dawned on him. She just made herself my servant. Mother would never approve. Pulling the knife she given him he reached over and cut one hair from her head. Coiling it he put it into the locket and snapped it shut. Standing he walked to the nearest table and grabbed a chair. The hunter that stood by it started to say something until he growled. Everyone except the huntress was on their feet again when he returned to the head table. He pushed every chair down and placed the one he grabbed by his. Reaching down he pulled the huntress to her feet and placed her in that chair. Reaching over to the platter he speared a slice of meat, cutting it in half with the eating knife. Cutting a piece of bread, he wrapped it around the meat and held it in front of her mouth, with two fingers.  She  stared at him with her mouth half open. 
Her eyes popped wide open. She spoke a sentence. 
The only word Rubin recognized was what he thought was mother. 
The woman that brought him to the fort answered her. 
She jumped up and rushed into the kitchen. She returned with a small jar. Pulling the bread and meat from Rubin's hand she placed it in the jar and screwed the lid on, then placed it in her blouse pocket. Sitting down she cut herself a piece of bread and meat and started eating. 
Rubin looked at her then swallowed the other half of the bread and meat he'd cut. Then he reached toward the middle of the table and cut himself a decent piece of bread and meat and smeared a little of the spice paste on it. Finishing it he got up and started for the door. 
The huntress got up and started to follow him. Stopping and turning he looked at her. Several hunters jumped to their feet as he reached into her blouse pocket and pulled out the jar. Grasping her arm he guided her back to the main table and put the jar in front of the empty chair by the older woman. Turning to head back toward the door he was met by a solid line of hunters with their knives out. 
He knew he'd done something that they would kill him for. Grasping his hands behind his back he closed his eyes, and took a step forward. Then a second step. Then a third step. Then a fourth step. When he took the fifth step he open his eyes and saw no one except the huntress in front of him. She held up the jar, opened it, and ate the morsel of bread and meat. Holding up her hand, a server placed a cup of hot spice wine in it. She took a sip and then handed the cup to him. After taking a drink he handed it back. She walked to the fireplace and threw the cup and remaining wine into the fire. 
Recognizing the symbolism from old stories he'd heard and read, he stood quietly until she returned to the main table and sat in the chair he'd gotten her. OH hell, I think I just got married. Then she patted the seat of the chair he'd sat in. As he sat down she cut a piece of bread and meat in half. With two fingers she held it up to his mouth and he took a bite. Then she put the remaining portion in her mouth and ate it. 
The room was silent as they ate and swallowed. Then everyone started yelling. 
When Rubin and the huntress tried to leave all the other hunters started shaking his hand and pounding him on the back. By the time he made it to the door she was nowhere to be seen. 
Thinking to himself as he prepared for bed. She'll either come to my bed, or I'll wake up in the morning with a knife in my chest. He was sound asleep when she finally found him in one of the jails that her mother had placed him when he arrived. It had a stout door that could be opened from the inside, only if the latch thong was fastened to the outer latch. 
She was surprised when he didn't act awake as she crawled over him to get to the inside section of the bunk. She'd found out his name was Rubin when her mother had given her a talking to after dinner. She also knew, he didn't know her name, or position among the hunters. 
* (ToC) *


Chapter 9

In the morning he shook her awake and said, “I've got things to do.” 
Her puzzled look was all he needed to understand that she didn't understand him. Squeezing her hand he dressed and left. 
In the carpenters shop he was selecting wood when the bow-maker entered. The bow-maker tried to give him several good bows, but Rubin kept shaking his head from side to side as he selected dried wood. The bow-maker kept a firm eye on him as he stacked the six pieces he selected to one side, and followed him to the eating hall. 
After eating he found his tutor and got a blank pad. On it he drew a sketch of himself and then one of the huntress. It took awhile for him to get the idea across that he needed to know the word for woman and huntress. Every time he pointed at her picture the tutor just laughed. Finally frustrated he left and returned to the carpenters shop. 
When the bow-maker entered he was drawing the outline for two bows on a slab of wood. The bow-maker tapped his arm and motioned for him to follow him. In the back was a large table with holes drilled it it and a box of pegs. It was just like the one Rubin's father had in the back of his shop. After getting his wood he motioned like he was using a drawknife and pointed around. The bow-maker scowled, then led him into another room where he saw several work benches and tools hanging on the wall. 
Rubin saw the bow-maker watching him like a hawk as he tested the first piece of wood, tested its flexibility, and marked it with charcoal. Walking to the wall, he checked three drawknives before he found the one he wanted. Placing the wood in a table clamp he started shaping it, then reversed it and shaped the other end, then the middle. Finished with the rough shaping, Rubin started looking around until the bow-maker finally opened a drawer and showed him where the rags and oil were. After cleaning and checking the blade for sharpness he carefully placed it back on the wall and selected another. Rubin watched the bow-maker watch his every step, and grunted when he found the sharpening stone and sharpened one knife before using it. 
He was working on the second piece of the second bow when the huntress entered with a bundle of food and jar of drink. He started to waive her off until he realized that it was dark beyond the door. Putting the tools and wood up, he walked out of the bow-makers shop and closed the door. Indicating that she should lead, he followed her back to the dining hall. It was empty. He sat and ate while she watched. 
He started back to his bunk-room when she grabbed his arm and tugged him in a different direction. He followed her to a larger building and up to the room on the second floor. It smelled different than any room he'd ever been in, plus it was large, and had a bigger bed. She opened a door where all his gear was hung on pegs, then pointed at another door. When he opened it the first thing he saw was a large wood tub full of water.
She laughed as she saw the look on his face. She handed him a robe and closed the door. 
Rubin laughed to himself because he hadn't seen an inside washroom since Abram had shown him his fathers home in the cavern. The soap smelled funny, but the water was warm. Placing all his clothing, except his knife belt, arm sheath, and boots on the shelf where he saw her clothing piled, he pulled on the robe and entered the bedroom. He walked across and placed his boots in the closet and hung his knives on pegs. 
She was sitting in the bed looking at him. She motioned for him to join her. As he sat down on the edge of the bed she blew out the last candle. 
* * (ToC) * *


Chapter 10  The Visitor

The knock on the door so early in the morning took both Rubin and Zarola by surprise.  The small stockade was well hidden inland half way between the valley hunters outpost, and her mothers fort. 
Crawling out of their warm bed, Rubin thought about the happy years they'd had until Emmy, Zarola's mother, disappeared just after her fiftieth birthday. Zarola had a bad few years afterwards. Not even their five children helped to much. 
He glanced back at his beautiful wife as he moved into the main room. That touch of gray in her hair makes her more beautiful. At the door he raised the latch and pulled it open. 
With shock he looked at the young woman standing there. She looks like Emmy when I first met her. I wonder if she's related to Zarola? “A little early to be waking someone up, isn't it.” Looking toward the gate he asked, “How did you get into my compound?” 
With a sense of dread he listened to her say, “I come with a message for you and your wife. Please get her up, I'll wait at the table.” 
Zarola woke slowly, until he told her a messenger was waiting at the table. Her eyes popped open as she threw back the warm covers. Hearing noise in the main room, Rubin turned and left the sleeping room. 
The messenger had brought the fire back to roaring life and had put the water pot on to heat. Turning she looked at him and stated, “Its been a long time since I've done this. I miss it, plus I'm sure Zarola would appreciate a hot cup of chocolate.” 
As Zarola unsteadily walked in she glanced at the messenger and sat at the table. “Extra sugar in my chocolate Emmy.” 
The messenger hesitated, and then resumed making the hot chocolate. “Zarola, you really need to cut back on the sugar.” Straightening up she turned holding three cups. 
Rubin got a good look at her. She's not dressed for travel. Those slippers and skirt offer no protection from the cold outside. “Where did you come from messenger, and what is your name?” 
She set the cups of hot chocolate on the table and sat down. “Please sit down Rubin, I have a story to tell first. 
Many years ago men explored the stars and planets in the sky. Sometimes they brought diseases back. Other times they brought back wondrous objects, yet they found no other men among the stars.” 
Rubin remembered the histories the technicians told, and remembered the machines that their books told about, and how to build them. 
“Many groups left Earth and settled among the stars. One group took heed to the illnesses that accompanied some of the returning explorers. They concentrated on medicine and scoured all the planets exploring for herbs and other cures. They succeeded. 
“I am from that planet Rubin. I know you have some idea about what I speak.” 
“Yes, I've seen some books the technicians have that describe machines and how to build them.”
“Zarola, your people purged themselves of all technology after they moved to this planet. I'm sure your grandmother told you about some of the myths, like the one where the stars were different than today.” 
Zarola jerked her head up from her contemplation of her chocolate cup. “How do you know the stories my grandmother told me?” Then staring at the messenger, she paled and said, “Mother?” 
“No my dear sister, our mother is elsewhere. She asked me to see if you wanted to help her.” 
Zarola whimpered. “Mo-Mother is still alive, how can that be?” 
“That is story you will have to ask her to tell. She so wanted to be with the children as they grew. 
“Zarola, Rubin, I need an immediate decision. I must leave within the hour.” 
Rubin said, “We need to tell our children, so they won't morn.” 
“Esther suggested that you might want to write them a letter saying the you got itchy feet and decided to explore. We agreed that that would probably be best. That way if you ever return, you can tell them about some of your journeys.” 
Zarola mumbled, “Yes, that would be best, I don't want them to go through what I did. Rubin, get the paper and ink.” Rubin and Zarola wrote five letters and placed them in jars, sealed them, and set them on the table.
Quickly gathering their packs, adding clothing, and a few supplies, he set them by the door. After helping Zarola into her heavy coat, he grabbed their bows and two quivers of hunting arrows. “I think we're ready. How far must we travel?”
“By the way Zarola, my name is Seren and our younger sister is Esther. She's waiting outside in our vehicle.” 

After closing the door to what looked like a giant size car, Seren said, “You need these shots to keep you from getting sick.” Then she stuck both of them with needles. Turning toward the front she said, “Esther, we're ready, go.” 
An hour later they landed on the moon, and the spacecraft slid into an airlock disguised as an opening in a cliff. 
Rubin held Zarola's hand commenting, “Don't worry, I read about machines like this as a child, in the technicians books.” 
“But, nothing like this exist in the valley,” said Zarola. 
“Zarola my dear, these machines and the knowledge to build them are from another world, just like the people in the valley.” 
Walking back from the front, Esther said, “Yes Rubin. Our scientist caught the transport field when they realized that your people would land on a plague planet, they pulled it here and redirected it to the valley. 
“They've been watching and recording your activities since. Emmy was one of three rescued over the years.  
“Chad, Henri's son was another. The other you don't know.
“Chad is waiting at our next stop with a crew of fighters. He asked for you two. He hopes that your knowledge of the woods will help them locate Emmy and her crew of explorers.” 
Zarola, commented, “We're to old to be of much use. I can't travel like I use to.” 
“Don't worry Zarola, both of you will get a medical treatment before getting to the planet.” 
~ ~ ~
“I'm Doctor Franks. This treatment will make you feel ten years younger within two days. Eat one of these food bars each day while you are on the expedition. They'll continue to feed your body with the nutrients needed.
“Come back safe with Emmy and her crew.” 
~ ~ ~
“Rubin, Zarola, here is new under clothing and boots. They will help you keep warm and comfortable.” 
“Thanks Chad, you look younger than my eldest son,” commented Rubin. 
“Yea, well, their medicine does wonders. My crew is proficient with weapons, but couldn't find their way across a valley without getting lost. You will be our scouts and trackers.
“The planet we'll end up on fell from technology and the people turned savage. Emmy's last transmission informed us that they were being attacked by two small groups of natives. We don't know why, but she asked for you two. 
“Normally, no one is picked up unless they are about to die, and won't be rescued.” 
“What happened to you Chad?”
“Rubin, I know you would never made a stupid mistake like I did. I didn't set up my camp right. I was attacked by a bear in my sleep. I only escaped by falling off a short cliff and broke my leg. Lucky for me I was under observation at the time, and rescued.” 
“Oh, I've made a few dumb mistakes, but none that bad.” 
“OK, everyone line up in front of the transporter door. Our next stop is the moon above the planet for a final briefing.” 
* (ToC) *

Chapter 11  The Rescue

Seated in blue chairs the crew listen to the young man pointing at several maps. “Emmy's crew was last located at this point. They'd set up camp for the night. The attack evidently caught them by surprise. None of the motion detectors detected the natives. 
“Emmy's transmission stated that the survivors were headed east toward the mountains. 
“Her last transmission asked for you Rubin. We lost track of the team after they entered the forest and her radio quit broadcasting. 
“There have been no infrared signatures from that area in the last two days. It's the last clear area where you can be inserted. 
“We hope you can pick up their trail. You'll have to move fast and be prepared for ambush at any time. 
“There are locater transmitters in your clothing and boots, and extra transport beacons in your packs. If you find someone alive, just activate the beacon and step away. The transporter field will transport everything within three meters. 
“All your packs are keyed to the transmitters in your boots and clothing. If they are separated by more than one hundred meters they will emit sleeping gas. The last shot you got makes you immune to the gas. If we don't get a signal, we'll transport the pack and whomever has it to a secured location here. 
“Any questions?” 
Chad asked, “Has this technology been used before.” 
The briefer hung his head and quietly replied, “Yes, our emergency response team used it. We got half their bodies back within hours. They were shot with poison arrows. The antidote was included in the last shot you got.” 
“What else did you forget to tell us!” 
“Chad, that's all except the natives are cannibals.” 
“Oh great, we're walking meals. Anyone want to back out?” 
No one said anything. 
“OK team, we'll transport at dark. Everyone get some rest.”
~ ~ ~
The clearing was quiet. The goggles that they given them made everything look like it was early morning.
Chad waived his arm and Rubin started circling the clearing.
Locating the trail he waived his arm. 
After following the trail for an hour the found a campsite in the woods. There were three sets of human bones in the fire pit. As he examined the fire pit, he heard Zarola hiss, “Get back to your guard positions.” 
Glancing up Rubin realized that three of the team weren't in position around the camp. They were standing, looking down were he was examining the fire. Hearing a noise from the direction they entered the camp, he rolled to one side and whispered into his mike. “People behind us in the woods. Everyone prepare to move.” 
One of the guards that was over looking sprouted an arrow from his chest, and screamed as he fell. One of the others poked his pack and then rolled away. With a popping sound he disappeared leaving a hole in the ground. 
Chad threw a grenade into the woods. Saying, “Follow me,” he ran across the small clearing and into the woods. Zarola was a step behind him, followed by the rest of the crew. 
In his ear he heard Zarola say, “Everyone single file until I stop. Then take up a guard circle around Chad. We've got to eliminate those following us.”
Quickly Chad said, “Use you stun guns. Rubin, can you get any of their weapons?” 
“I'll ambush the last one. Then attack from their rear. Just don't shoot me.” Slipping off the trail he hid behind a tree. 
Five natives passed him, quickly he overtook the last one and hit him on the head. Grabbing his quiver of arrows he wrapped a rope around the natives arms and neck, dragging him to the nearest tree he made a loop around it, then started following the rest of them. 
Approaching a native crouched beside a tree aiming an arrow, Rubin took an arrow and shot him. As he fell over, Rubin realized that the natives had no resistance to the poison they used. Over his radio he heard, “Rubin, we got three. How many more out there?” 
Rubin replied over his mike, “I got two. I saw five. What do you want to do with them?” 
Zarola's reply shocked him. “Cut their throats.” 
Chad came back saying, “Drag them up here, we'll send them up to the station. This planet will be quarantined anyway.” 
Removing the natives quiver of arrows and knife, Rubin dragged him up to the other three. 
“Where's the other one?” asked Chad. 
“Back down the trail tied to a tree. It'll take to long to backtrack and get him.” 
“Tie those four together.” said Chad pulling his radio. “Base transport some arm restrains and then retrieve four prisoners.” 

Hours later they found another fire pit, but no bones. No one broke discipline and crowded around to look. 
After a short break the team moved on. 
Just after dawn, Chad called for a stop. “We'll move off the trail and make camp. Rubin, Zarola, do you think you can safely scout ahead? You won't have the advantage of darkness. My crew makes to much noise traveling.” 
With a look, Zarola said, “We'll scout ahead. If we run into natives we'll head back so you can ambush them. Start following us in an hour.” 
Rubin handed her a quiver of native arrows and said, “The native I shot with one of their arrows dropped without a sound. I don't think they have an antidote for their own poison.” 
She turned and quietly started up the trail. Rubin followed ten paces back.

Hours later she stopped and waived Rubin up. What he saw disgusted him. Four natives roasting what looked like a human leg over their fire. Pulling his stun gun he motioned that he'd take the two on the right. 
Zarola touched his arm and then he watched her slide the intensity slide all the way forward to lethal. Bowing his head and saying a quick prayer for the natives, he slid his forward and aimed. The natives fell over, one into the fire. None made a sound and in a few minutes another group entered from the opposite side of the clearing dragging a man. They slid the intensity slides half way back and opened fire on the group. One managed to get away. 
Rushing into the clearing they grabbed the prisoner. He was dressed in a suit like Chad wore. He was bleeding from several wounds. 
Zarola dropped her pack and pulled the transporter beacon. She stuck it in the victims pocket and slung her pack over her shoulder. Sliding her gun slider forward she gave each of the natives another shot and started up the trail. 
Rubin heard over his radio, “Chad we are moving again. Don't go into the campsite with the bodies unless there is a transportation hole on the other side of it. I put my marker on a survivor.” 
“How many prisoners do you have?” 
She replied and heard a gasp over the radio. “Nine dead, one got away so catch up as fast as you can.” 
“Base, this is Chad. Zarola put her pack beacon on a survivor. Have medics standing by, it should signal shortly.” 
Rubin and Zarola took opposite sides of the trail and crept forward. Shortly they spotted a native. Putting him down with an arrow, Rubin slipped forward and sideways to try to spot more.
“Freeze” he said as he pulled one of his arrows. A native was two trees in front of Zarola and hidden from her view. Pulling his bow all the way back, like he did when he was hunting bear, the rose shaft hissed a flat trajectory into the chest of the native. Looking forward where the other native was, all he saw was a bush moving. 
The woods were silent, except what sounded like a bird call. “Zarola, I lost one directly ahead of me.” 
Seconds later he saw two arrows headed across the trail toward her. “Down,” he screamed. They missed, but then arrows started thudding into the trees around him. 
Dropping flat he crawled behind another tree. Looking at the shafts in the other trees, he realized that they came from high up. Reaching around the right side of the tree, he started shooting into the canopy. Changing hands, he reached around the tree and continued to fire into the canopy. “Zarola,” he whispered, “they are in the trees too. Are you OK.” 
“Yes dear, one landed on me when I shot him out of my tree.” 
“Chad, this is base. We're sending in a shuttle. It will stun everything in your vicinity. Have your scouts pull back to your location. ETA five minutes.” 
Rubin and Zarola had no sooner pulled back when a giant boom shook the forest. Then they could hear and see the bodies of natives falling out of trees. 
A different voice said, “Chad move your team up fifty yards. Then I'll make another pass.” 
As they moved forward, Rubin heard another scream high in the air and a flash of silver. “Move forward again. Hopefully you're within sight of the other crew.”
Moving forward they came to a meadow. Near the middle they saw several people that couldn't be natives. Arrows stuck into the ground around them. 
Chad yelled, “Stun the other side of the clearing. They are still firing.” Chad's team rushed into the clearing firing in all directions. 
Rubin heard Zarola's voice in his ear, “There are some crawling forward on the left. I'm using their arrows.” 
He watched as she aimed up into the air and followed the high arc of the arrow as it hit the ground beside a crawling natives. He started firing too. By his fourth shot, all the natives but two jumped up and ran back toward the trees. Then he and Zarola ran to the middle of the clearing. 
The first survivor Zarola grabbed yelled in fear until she slapped him and yelled, “Where is Emmy?” As he pointed, she dropped him and ran over to the prone figure. As she turned the body over everyone could hear the wail, “Mother!” 
Rubin grabbed the guy and dragged him over to Zarola and her mother. Zarola will be in a killing mood in a few seconds. Making sure they were clear he said into his mike. “Base, transport four up.” 
As they tumbled off the pile of dirt that came with them, two medical personnel grabbed Emmy and he grabbed Zarola. Another individual ran up grabbing the survivor and said, “Follow me to decontamination now.”
Just as they were at the door Rubin felt the air push at him and from the corner of his eye saw another pile of dirt appear with several people tumbling off it. Keeping a firm grip on his wife he followed the guy and survivor into another room. “Remove all you clothing and walk through that door, down the hall to another room where you'll find more clothing.
Zarola fought him as he stripped her clothing off and yelled, “I can't be seen undressed by another man.” 
Rubin replied, “This is the same as what we did when you were attacked by the mad wolves. We must be cleaned.” Then she stopped resisting and held him around the waist as they walked through the door.
In the hall the lights turned bright blue and a fine rain hit them from all sides, then hot air almost blew them down. 
In the room at the end of the hall Rubin found long shirts and slippers to put on. A voice from the air said, 'Go out the other door and turn left. The first door on the right is medical. Wait there.'
Rubin said loudly, “Where did you take Emmy?” 
The voice said, 'The doctors are working on her. Does her daughter need anything.' 
Rubin replied, “Only the good news that she will be OK, and when we can see her.”
'I'll keep you informed.'
~ (ToC) ~

Chapter 12  The Hospital

In the room, were two beds. Rubin guided Zarola over to one and they sat. He held her trembling body until she cried herself out and fell asleep. Carefully laying her down he lay down beside her and put his arms around her. He also fell asleep. 
He woke up feeling someone shaking his shoulder. “I'm Esther, is Zarola OK?” 
“How's Emmy?” 
With a guilty look, Esther said, “They did what they could, then transported her to a major medical center.” 
“When was that?” 
“Several hours ago. If you'll follow me we'll get you something to eat, some clothes, and then I'll take you to her.” 
After eating, Esther led them to a room and got them forest green shirts and pants with slippers. Zarola is still in shock. 
Esther then said, “Rubin, Zarola, our next stop is the transporter room. We'll be going to a major medical center. Emmy was transferred there. We may have to wait for them to let us see her. Stay brave big sister. Mom was in real bad shape when you brought her in, but the doctors worked real hard keeping her alive. Are you ready?” 
Rubin grasp Zarola's hand and said, “I think so.” I hope she can keep it together. It was bad enough when she disappeared. If she dies now without talking to Zarola, Zarola may never recover. 
Through the door in the transportation room and into another plain room. 'State your medical emergency please while I summon a triage team.' 
Esther quickly stated, “No medical emergency. Guide please.” 
'If there is no medical emergency, use of this room is in violation of medical and criminal codes. Security has been notified.'
“Computer, Outpost 431 override medical protocol, non-citizen visitation rights granted by commander Outpost 431. Inform security and get us a class one guide.” 
'Security has been notified and is on the way. Outpost 431 is under quarantine. You will be quarantined until medically cleared. Do not resist security or medical personnel when they enter.' 
Esther shrugged her shoulders and said, “Computer, the other woman here has had extreme emotional trauma and wounds. Expedite Expedite Expedite.” 
Within seconds the door flew open and four medical personnel entered with a gurney followed by two armed men in uniform. “About time somebody got their ass off their chairs,” exclaimed Esther, “Rubin, put Zarola on the gurney.
“You two.” The security guys looked puzzled. “Yea, you security guys, find out where they are operating on Emmy Lassic, she's was transferred from Outpost 431 last night. Then report to me.” 
“Ma'am, we don't take orders from out-posters.” 
“You will damn sure take orders from me. If you don't, you'll find yourself guarding a quarantined planet for the next decade along with your immediate chain of command and detachment. Do you understand me.
“Medic, this patients name is Zarola. She is Emmy Lassic's daughter. What medical section are you taking her and her husband to? 
One of the medics said, “This woman isn't in the medical database. The instruments indicate she hasn't completed medical enhancement.” 
“That's what I was trying to get across to the computer. What section of this building will you take her to. Her husband has the same status. I have to call Director Lassic.” 
“They will be on the eighth floor. You can trace them from there.” 
She followed the gurney out. One of the security guard grabbed her arm saying, “Miss, you will be detained until I get this cleared up.” 
Esther turned to him, “My displeasure for now, I hope your lieutenant knows of a nice quarantine planet because if you irritate me anymore, you may find yourself on the surface guarding the ground.” 
“Your ID now.” snapped the other guard. 
“Here's my eye, scan it.” 
“Oh shit,” replied the guard as he read the scanner, “Joe that's Esther Lassic, commander of sector 14 outpost. Remember the briefing we got at shift change. Sector 9 outpost commander brought a patient in, and the both the emergency trauma teams were scrambled. 
“I think we should escort her to Trauma 1. Let them sort this out, it's above our pay-grade!” 
Five minutes later at Trauma 1 entrance, the guard pressed the intercom button and said, Esther Lassic is at the door with two security guards. Guide requested.” 
Moments later a guide opened the door and after checking her arm computer said, “Esther, The Director is in the waiting room. Your mother should be out of surgery shortly. I was told you were escorting your sister and her husband.” 
Esther replied, “The receiving computer needs servicing, I had to declare them emotionally traumatized and wounded to get them in. You can locate them, hopefully, on the eighth floor under the names Zarola and Rubin.
“Miss, would you please scan the guards and list them as detached duty under me. Authority Planetary Outpost section 14, and you have my retinal scan as commander. 
“Now, you two will proceed to the eighth floor and find my sister and her husband. You may inform whomever you want of their status and your situation. When they are released, you will escort them here to Trauma 1. I will be waiting! Do you understand me completely?”
Snapping to attention, both said, “No questions ma'am.” 
Following the guide into waiting room, the guide commented, “Not the sharpest knives in the set, were they.” 
With a shake of her head, Esther commented, “If you see them again ask them which quarantine planet they're assigned to.” 
“Oh, I can tell, you're your fathers daughter, and just like your sister. Last night when the chief of the trauma team said he was going to pull the plug, she told him that she had a nice quarantine planet that needed a trauma team. He took one look at her, then scrambled the backup team. I've worked trauma for over thirty years. I've never seen the resources scrambled like last night. When the Director walked in and demanded her status, two of the nurses fainted. 
“I've had to field calls from half a dozen outpost commanders, and higher ranking officials this morning. Can I get you a cup of something while I inform your sister and father you're here?” 
“No I'll get my own. I need to sit down.” replied Esther. 
Esther overheard the guide outside the door tell an aide to get an energy meal to the occupant of the waiting room. 
~ (ToC) ~

Chapter 13  Bending the Rules

Several hours later Rubin and Zarola were escorted into the waiting room. Rubin looked at an exhausted looking Seren and Esther and commented, “You girls look tired. How's Emmy?”
He grabbed Zarola's hand as Esther said, “Dad, I mean The Director is visiting her now. I'll have to get permission for both of you to visit at the same time. Rules only allow one visitor at a time per hour.” She got up and headed toward the door. 
Rubin had to hold Zarola to keep her on her feet and then guided her to a chair. 
A man with silver in his hair walked in and said, “Seren, who are they?” 
“Dad, this is my half sister and her husband. They were on the rescue team. You may demote me for bringing in not-citizens for the rescue, but mom's last transmission called for them.” 
The Director said, “You know the law. No non-citizen is allowed on the home-planet.” 
“Dad, you know Mom. She's been broken hearted for decades over Zarola. If it weren't for her direct training, neither Esther nor I could have qualified for our positions without extra decades of service. Now, I've blown my whistle.” 
Thinking for a few second, The Director stated, “I might be able to get an exemption for Zarola as a step daughter, but her husband, I don't know.” Sitting down he picked up the phone and said, “Connect me with The Directors office. 
“Sharon, route this call to the president, I'll hold on.” 
Sir, his office said he was en-route to the hospital trauma section. 
“Zarola, what's your husband's name?”
“Rubin, Sir.” 
“When the president gets here, I want you two to sit by Seren, and don't say a word or even look up. His security knows my family and will probably point their weapons at you because you're not cleared. Please do this for me.” 
Zarola answered by saying, “We can do that.” and squeezed Rubin's hand. 
A few minutes later another silver haired man rushed in with two security guards on his heels. “Johnathan, I got here as soon as I could get rid of the leeches. They said Emmy is out of treatment and in a recovery room.” 
“Yes Mr President. However, I have a problem that only you have the authority to solve.” 
“What rule have you bent this time Johnathan.” 
“It wasn't me Sir. During Emmy's last transmission, she called for her eldest daughter.” 
“Well, what's the problem.” 
“Mr. President, her eldest daughter and her husband are non-citizens. Either Seren or Esther or both of them decided since she was on a primitive planet, to retrieve her. She and her husband are both expert woodsmen. Their expert skills were needed in the rescue operation.” 
“I think that rule can be bent, use of experts is authorized.” 
“Yes Sir, due to their ages someone authorized explorer medical treatment.” 
“Well, you have the authority to offer that. I don't see any unsurmountable problem.” 
“Sir, the problem is Esther brought them here, in the event Emmy needed the extra support. May I introduce you to my stepdaughter Zarola and her husband Rubin.” 
“Oh-h, now I see the problem Johnathan. 
“You two, outside, no one enters without my permission.” 
“But, Mr President, we can not allow them to be in your presence, without clearing them.” 
“Johnathan, do either of them have any weapons and will you vouch for them?” 
“Yes Sir.” 
Turning to his two security guards the president said, “They are unarmed and have been vouched for by The Director of Planetary Outpost. On my authority they are cleared to be in my presence. 
“Seren, call your command and have the expedite paperwork to hire them as expert consultants, and give me the control number. 
Johnathan, as soon as you have the control number I want you to call Jack over at citizenship and have him expedite a, uh, diplomatic passports for them.”
“Yes Sir.”
“What sector was that planet Emmy needed rescuing from.” 
Seren answered, “Sector 3, outpost 431, Sir.” 
“After your Dad gets through with his call, call the local commander and have him file and after action report, and tell him to include the control number. Also tell him to include all personnel, especially the contract consultants Rubin and Zarola.” 
“Yes Sir!” 
Turning to Rubin, the president asked, “Did either of you receive any medical treatments after getting here?” 
“Yes Sir, they took Zarola to a medical station on the eighth floor and after checking her gave her some medication and bandaged her wounds. All they did was give me some kind of shot and treated a few wounds.” 
“Guard, get me a trauma guide in here.” 
 The young lady that escorted Esther entered. “Isn't Esther here?” 
“No, I called for you.”
“Yes Mr President.” she answered. 
Rubin and Zarola were taken to the eighth floor and given some medical attention. Go down and find the physician and make sure he filed a complete report including any treatment he administered. Try to get the attending senior nurse to also file a brief report including the control number that Seren here has. Any questions?”
“No Sir.” 
Esther entered as the guide left. 
The President turned to her and said, “Well, Well, Well, looks like you or Seren are going to loose your command and get a bad report for bending to many rules. Any comment?” 
“None Sir, at least my mother is alive. Shall I send my resignation up through the chain of command, or submit it directly to your office?” 
“Damn Johnathan, you and Emmy grew a couple of tough girls. I wish my kids had turned out as good.” 
“Sir, you're forgetting Zarola. She was seasoned by the same mother, only never had the befit of my guidance.” 
“Seren, go down to the cafeteria and get us all meals. I haven't tasted raw hospital food in decades. Every time I visit, they call in some restaurant chef.”
“Yes Sir, Mr President.” 
“Now Esther, I know you probably know the commander of their planet, right. Call him and see if he can find any investigation, observation, or reports on Rubin or Zarola. Any kind of history would do. Give him the control number Seren got and have him submit them under it with any personal observations within the last few years. I'm sure they've done something to draw attention to their family.” 
“That's easy Sir, Rubin made first contact with the southern civilization in less than a decade after arriving on the planet. He and Zarola were married at her mother fort a few weeks later, and they were the go betweens and arbitrators for both groups. Thats how we were able to locate them so fast. Since their children are almost grown, he already submitted a report requesting permission to make contact with them for local use.” 
“I can see you two have had an interesting life. 
“Well Esther, that makes it much easier. Inform him that I would appreciate it if he resubmitted the original request and support documents including the control number. I hope you didn't bend to many rules getting them off the planet.” 
“Sir, we filed all the appropriate paperwork, but conducted the operation like a snatch. One of the other individuals from that planet is an authorized member of the outpost system. He's an interesting individual, and is now a citizen. He was also the rescue as team leader.” 
“OK, get to it. Johnathan, you may want to keep an eye on that planet. It appears that it has some outstanding individuals.”
“Yes Sir.” 
The President sat down and said, “We now have a lot of paperwork converging from different origins. Johnathan, you'll have to control the situation until Emmy is moved out of trauma. At that time I think you should arrest the kids and turn them over to the Citizenship Department. Personal family emergency should give you and the kids cover until then. I'll get my staff to keep track of all the paperwork and grease any of the skids that squeak. 
“Esther, Seren, the least you can expect is a reprimand from your commanders. If you get dismissed, I'm sure I can find you a position somewhere. I know you won't want to join the civilians on the dole.
“Johnathan, concentrate on Emmy and your family. I'm going to have a security liaison here temporarily, with the excuse that I'll be visiting an injured family friend. You may have to dodge some nosy reporters.” 
There was a knock on the door and the trauma guide walked it. “Mr. President, task accomplished. Mr. Rubin Rosendo IV was treated for physical exhaustion, malnutrition, and multiple wounds. Mrs. Zarola Rosendo Lassic was treated for emotional stress, physical exhaustion, malnutrition and multiple wounds. I had to use my medical override code to get that. 
“However using that control number I got a swamped with information. That control number referenced eighteen admissions by name for medical treatment charged to outpost 431 in sector 3. All charges were approved. There were twenty-nine citations submitted for awards under that control number. There was an after action report demanding a change of planetary status from hostile natives to quarantine. One of the reasons listed was that the natives are cannibals. There were several other control numbers and report numbers referenced. There were a lot of reports on some planet in another sector marked sensitive. There was also a request for passports. Then I started getting the headers of classified reports and request.
“Thank-you Miss, some of those unclassified items are hot enough to bring reporters out like flies.” commented the President. “Posting the non-classified to the public records will probably take two or three weeks unless there are leaks.” 
* (ToC) *


Chapter 14  Frenzy

The first reporters found the reports on rescue mission about two and a half weeks after the rescuers were treated for their wounds. It took three more days before the first one realized that not all the injured rescue team personnel were citizens. 
The medical personnel refused to release three until they'd recovered enough to walk. Zarola and Rubin were immediately arrested and transported to immigration control. As they were being processed, it was discovered that they had diplomatic passports on record. Their diplomatic immunity caused another round of stories, because their planet was listed as open for limited contact. 
Then the more reports of the rescue mission were located along with the cannibal planets reclassification. As the stories were slowly let out by the news services, hints of scandals were rampart. 
Between Rubin and Zarola request for interviews and their charm, all the news media got was high ratings for several months.
* (ToC) *


Chapter 15  Lidia Mae

Lidia Mae was told by her brother when he returned to the valley that their parents had left letters and disappeared. After reading the letter she was despondent. On her nineteenth birthday, instead of celebrating she packed and slipped away. She must have thought that her training and two hunting trips had prepared her for the wilderness. 
She soon learned how wrong she was. Attacked by wolves, she barely escaped with her life. Losing everything except her weapons, she had to hunt to survive. She was half starved when she stumbled into her parents compound, and then had to chase the wild animals out. 
Three weeks later her brother Zed arrived. 
He was irate that she'd slipped off and told no one. After a quick hunting trip, they ate good while she recovered her strength. 
She thought her instructors in the valley were tough. They were nothing like her brother, as he retrained her. They crossed the river and started tracking, hunting, and exploring. Very few of the hunters hunted the far side of the river, so the animals were extremely wild.
After almost a year Zed told her he had to get back to the valley. Lidia swore she'd never give up looking for her mother. However, she returned to the valley with him. 
~ ~ ~
Finding no one willing to search with her, she departed the next spring. She took one of the new long range radio's with her along with several items the technicians had made just for her. 
She was appalled at the condition of her parents compound, but didn't stay after writing them a letter, and telling them she was looking for them on the far side of the river. 
Many years she built winter camps so she continue exploring further. Finally she came upon what she thought was a great lake, but the water was salty.  Turning north she explored until she came upon a treeless land that was cold even in the summer. 
Turning south east she explored for several months. Finally she spotted signs of humans. There were two large cabins in the large clearing. 
Watching the cabins for several days she finally spotted a young man. He reminded her of someone she'd seen in the valley when she was a child. He looked exactly the same. She could tell he was an expert tracker when she followed his trail to where it crossed hers. 
She awoke the next morning to find him sitting across her fire from where she slept. “Who are you and how dare you slip into my camp while I sleep.” 
“My name is Chad and I've seen hunters die while asleep. Hot chocolate?” 
“You were in my supplies?”
“No I brought my own. Would you like some?” 
“Yes.”
“My friends and I have been watching you since you turned north at the salt sea. You move well for one so young.” 
Esther walked into the camp. “Chad, are picking on my niece?” 
Jumping to his feet, Chad declared, “No Commander. I was just offering her some hot chocolate.” 
“I'm sure you were. Fix me one too. Lidia Mae, you're are pretty far from home.” 
“How do you know my name, and where I'm from?” 
“That's easy, I was in the valley several years ago and talked to Zed. He was worried about you, but his family needed him. I told him I'd find you and bring you back.” 
“You can't make me go back until I find my parents!” 
Pulling her radio from a pocket, Esther said, “Inform Zarola that Lidia Mae needs to see her on the planet.” 
“What do you mean, see me on the planet?” 
With a smile Chad stated, “You'd have looked until you were old and gray. They aren't down here.” Then he pointed up at the moon. 
“Chad Owens, you don't have the authority to inform her of that!” 
“Sorry commander, but we need her help and the only way is to shock her into accepting the rules immediately.” 
Minutes later as Lidia Mae sat with her mouth open, as a spacecraft descended into the clearing. “A flying wagon?” 
Esther smiled and answered. “Yes, a flying wagon from the moon.”
A young looking man stepped out and stated, “Commander, Rubin request that you bring her up. The Director is on his way.” 
“Lidia Mae, follow me please.” Esther turned and entered the flying wagon. “Come on, we need to see your parents before the Director arrives. 
“Chad, get your team assembled and up immediately.” 
“Yes Commander.” 
The trip to the moon only took minutes. As Esther led Lidia Mae out, Rubin and Zarola stood by a silver haired man. “Mother, here she is.” 
Zarola simply put her arms out and said, “Come here Lidia.” 
Lidia Mae stood like a deer and said, “Mother? You look so young?” 
“Come, your father and I have a lot to explain and very little time.” Zarola led Lidia May away. 
~ ~ ~
Esther said, “Father, uh Director, I need to bend a few rules again.” 
Shaking his head he replied, “You know it's easier to ask forgiveness, than get permission.” 
“Yes Sir, but you're here.” 
“Um-mm, no I think I'm on Sector 9 outpost 1, unless someone messed up the gate address. I'm not due at outpost 14 for another two weeks.” 
“Yes Sir, I'll see to it that the gate address is fixed.” 
~ ~ ~
“ Lidia Mae, have a seat. We know you've been looking for us for years. The rules and laws we are now under prohibit us from contacting family and friends. The reason is that it would become evident that we don't age as fast. By now you should have gotten over the shock that we as young as you.” 
“Yes mother.” 
“However, an emergency has come up. We need a contact with the technicians that won't arouse suspicion or directly violate the laws. You've been gone for years, but everyone should remember you.” 
“What do you need me to do mother.” 
“The situation is that a comet will pass close to the planet. Usually that is no problem, but this comet is made up of very toxic substances. The scientist that have studied it, have come to the conclusion that it will severely pollute the atmosphere. The amount of poisons may kill all life on the planet.” 
“Mother, what is a comet?” 
“Lidia Mae, by this time next week you will know more than the technicians. Your task will to contact them, convince them, and help design a defense. We are bending quite a few rules and a few laws. Only by having someone native to the planet do it, can we get it done. Now, the rule that cannot be circumvented is, telling anyone where you got this knowledge. Contact with advanced civilizations, usually have bad effects on planet bound societies. Am I understood?” 
“Yes mother.” 
“After the task is completed, you must disappear from the planet.” 
“But what about Zed, Rubin, Emmy, and the others.” 
“You must tell them you are going exploring again, and may not be back. If you were getting married, and moved to a far land with your husband, you may not ever see your brothers and sisters again. You've documented your travels so far. Some time in the future, someone can return more maps and your items to them so they will have closure.” 
~ ~ ~
Ten days later Lidia Mae walked into Abram's Inn and ordered a room and meal. In her belt pouch were several gold nuggets. She traded one for some money and paid her bill. The next morning she headed into the valley, riding on the supply wagon. 
After spending the night at the estate she headed for the technicians cavern. Joseph Jr. was a spitting image of his father. He and Theodore explained the situation in the cavern, and the fact that many of the younger technicians had moved to the village and estate. The technicians that remained were mainly scientist trying to figure out the secrets in the old text. 
They were disturbed when she explained that they needed to build a transporter. They knew the dangers of moving between planets, and the diseases that could be brought back. 
Then she told them that this transporter would move objects from one location to another, with no contact in the cavern. They still resisted the idea until she explained about the comet that was headed their way. 
They demanded to know where she got her information. She lied and said she'd run across several old men that were scientist, but they died on the trip back. She'd made notes, but didn't know how to build the device they told her about. 
Finally convinced, they showed her the old transporter frames and controls. With her notes, and secret contact with the moon, they slowly rebuild the control system. A new remote viewer was built into the controls, and it amazed them when it was first turned on. 
The first test was moving a boulder from one side of the valley to the other. 
Then she gave them the coordinates for the comet and a destination to put it. It took three test for them to acknowledge the fact that the flames in the second planets atmosphere, were parts of the comet. 
The power drain on the valley electrical system was over ninety percent per transfer. Six months later the tail of the comet started to break up, because enough of the comet had been removed. They continued to move the comet's head until the tail was blown away by the solar wind. Only a little touched the planet. 
Linda Mae took some of her notes and burned them. The rest she put in the archives after helping Theodore pack the transporter control system back in the hidden portion of the cavern. 
After spending several weeks with her family she announced that she had to go back out exploring. Thomas, Zed's son wanted to go with her. She and Zed both told him he was to young, and still needed to complete his education and hunter training. She told him she'd return someday and take him, if he learned all he needed to survive. Then she told him a secret, melted sand would turn into glass, and by adding certain elements would produce electricity. The day he could do that, she'd head back.
~ ~ ~
A month later across the river, she ran into a lone hunter. His only comment was, “Are you ready to leave this planet?” 
When she answered, “Yes,” he took her hand and pressed a panel on the side of his pack. 
* (ToC) *


Chapter 16  Pirate or Spy

After Lidia Mae's medical treatments, additional education and training, she joined the rescue team for Sector 9. 
Two years later rumors started to surface about a planet of humans that wasn't under the Director of Planetary Outpost. A spacecraft of unknown design and power system had been located. It had crashed on an asteroid in Sector 7. A mining survey team discovered it in the uninhabited system. 
Several volunteer teams were recruited, furnished with interstellar ships, and tasked to find that civilization. Knowledge and history of the civilization was task 2. Task 3, after survey and evaluation, was contact. 
~ ~ ~
About a decade later a rescue team was requested from Sector 9. The signal indicated a ships crew marooned on a tropical planet. Ship damage and other factors prevented a transport locking signal, also communications was spotty. 
Chad put together a team of four plus a spacecraft crew. The ship was lightly armed, but on full alert when they transported into the star system. 
They detected two unknown spacecraft. The closest turned and attacked them. His ship crew defended the ship until they could transport out. 
Two weeks of debriefing left them feeling like dishrags. They were given a heavily armed spacecraft and told to retrieve the survivors, then destroy any traces of Exegeses technology in the system. 
~ ~ ~
Transporting to the system just inside the heliosphere, they did a passive scan of the system. There was one spacecraft detected in the system. The Captain had the navigator plot a transfer to the opposite side of the planet it was orbiting. 
As they came over the horizon, one well placed shot tore the spacecraft in half. The wreckage was transported back to their original entry location while the planet was scanned for wreckage.
Two sites were identified, and teams sent down. One had survivors. Both sites were bombarded from space with small asteroids, to destroy all evidence of technology. Nowhere else on the planet were any signs of civilization. 
Transporting back to their entry location the Captain wanted to destroy the spacecraft, but Chad convinced him to transport it back to the Sector 9 main outpost for study. 
A year of study gave them the language, the computers gave them the size and number of planets in the alien empire, and rebuilding the ship gave them a passport to penetrate and explore the empire. The biggest problem they discovered, was that the previous occupants of the spacecraft were pirates. 
It took the council six months to authorize placing listening devices on the planets. Another few weeks to design them to self destruct upon any type of scanning or tampering. Most were placed in what were determined to be private structures on each planet. Immediately they discovered that each planet had a distinct dialect and the dialects even varied on the planets. Each member of the team practiced and learned a different dialect. The six members of the original crew were replaced. Then they were ready to infiltrate the empire. After slight modifications to the ship they headed in to the most primitive of the empire's planets, Wonder. 
Landing in a wilderness area Chad and Lidia Mae went hunting for fresh meat and a possible native. They found both. Passing themselves off as hunters they spent several days with the native, and then was invited back to his home in the closest town. From there they visited the city and the spaceport. Their training payed off as they recorded the procedures and equipment codes the natives used to identify spacecraft. After returning to their spacecraft, they launched and reentered the system and requested permission to land at the spaceport. Encountering no problems passing themselves off as traders, they bought a cargo for the second planet in the empire. 
One nice thing they learned was that identities weren't checked. All business in the empire was cash and carry, no credit. Paperwork was kept to a minimum, and individuals names were the passports used in business. 
Their cargo sold at a good profit and they were referred to another trader to carry a cargo back to planet 3. After a few years they were getting well known to the spaceport crews. One evening a member of the spaceport crew introduced them to an individual that wasn't a trader, a Mr Jones. He wanted them to carry a cargo to a fourth planet. After careful consideration they agreed, but half the cargo fee was to be paid in advance. They made sure he knew they deposited most of the fee with a legitimate trader. 
The four men that loaded the cargo remained in the cargo bay. Their contact said they were part of the cargo. After insuring they had food and water, Chad had the engineer weld two bars across the cargo bay's inside doors. When the individual objected, Chad simply replied, “It's not that I don't trust them, I just don't want to tempt them because I have women on board.” 
The fourth planet had only one small town, and a dirt field for a spaceport. Just before landing, Chad saw two ships on the field, one had fallen over. He told the Esther to hover just above the field. He wanted the rockets to cook the field so they'd have a solid surface to land on. It worked, but they had to wait several hours for the area to cool. 
Mr. Jones then asked for access to the navigation computer to remove the coordinates to this planet. Chad turned to Esther and told her to handle it. They watched as she copied the coordinates in her note pad, then rewrote the log indicating a navigation error that put them near an uninhabited system, and a breakdown that took several days to repair. “Captain, next time tell me in advance, it's much easier to fudge it, than rewrite it.” 
Mr Jones then commented, “Captain, your crew has done this before.” 
“Mr Jones, lets just say my crew has experience, and leave it at that.” 
Taking a note from his pocket, Mr Jones stated, “Give this to Max, he'll give you the account number for the rest of the payment. A trader handles my money too.” 
After departing, Chad asked Esther if she could make some visible repairs to the navigation computer interface to support their story. Cannibalizing the engineers station interface she spent several hours jury-rigging. 
At planet 3, Wonder, they picked up a cargo for planet 2. Arriving at Century they were surprised to find out that the spaceport had been upgraded. The first thing the supervisor wanted to do, was download their navigation data. When only a decade of data downloaded he demanded to know why. Their cover story was that they bought it cheap and repaired it. Then he demanded to know why their last trips didn't match the data. Chad told him about the repairs and asked him to have his own man check. The technician had a fit when he looked at the repairs to the navigation interface and turned red when he saw the engineer interface. The port supervisor grounded the ship until both had been replaced and certified as operational. 
Two weeks later Chad invited the supervisor back to observe the new interfaces, and then asked him why there was no navigation data on the ships computer. The supervisor claimed that the empire's navigation data should be there along with the download file showing who and where the last inspection was. The port supervisor claimed that it wasn't his responsibility. Then he stated that unless Chad had the data replaced, the ship would remain grounded. 
Chad simply told him that since he had the only copy, he'd have his contacts contact the supervisors supervisor. 
The next day a letter arrived from the port supervisor apologizing for loosing the navigation data. It also stated the the ship was now cleared to depart. 
Chad checked with his trader friends and they suggested that his next stop be on the home-world to get his navigation system completely checked by the manufacturer. He also gave him a high value cargo to deliver. 
The ship had to go through the same routine again, and Chad showed the letters and bills for repairs. The spaceport supervisor looked at the hull, and then requested the ship be scanned. The scan showed the repaired hull and framing where the ship had been rebuilt. The scan results and recertification were entered in the computer, and he recommended that Chad purchase a backup computer that would backup all data from all the on-board systems. 
The computer manufacturer, a friend of the trader, made Chad a deal if he would carry a few loads of parts for him. 
Chad's investigative team was gathering information about the empire by the handful. Picking up another load from Wonder, they transported to Sector 9 headquarters to download the data and turn in a report, on their way to Century. Alice replaced Esther as first officer. They continued their circuit between the three planets for many years until the Director of Planetary Outpost determined they had enough data about the empire to make direct contact. 
~ ~ ~
They had just docked at the home world space-station to unload when the survey ship from  Exegeses entered the system, and was challenged. For two days all ship departures were delayed. On the third day the survey ship announced that it was returning to its home planet to file a report, and a diplomatic ship should return within a year. 
The empire sent a warship to stop them from leaving, but they outmaneuvered and outran it to escape. 
All ships captains were ordered to report to the military. They were drafted into the military and their ships scheduled to be armed with military grade weapons. Chad's ship got to make a round of trips before his scheduled upgrade date. 
Every upgraded ship was required to carry a military load each year. Chad simply transported his to Sector 9 headquarters to let them analyze the military equipment and weapons before delivering them. 
~ ~ ~
The diplomatic ship was in the outer system when Chad's ship and another arrived. The military immediately contacted them and told them to destroy it. The other ship launched two missiles, and then Chad launched his two. He knew the diplomatic ship knew the codes to disable the missiles. What he didn't expect was a rail-gun reply. The other ship was holed, and his was hit as the diplomatic ship exited the system. The other ship was hit in its cargo bay and his had a gash down its length tearing off one of the landing supports. After limping in for repairs, a member of the repair crew suggested Chad rename his ship, The Lucky Dragon. The other ship was referred to as The Hole in One. Those nicknames stuck with the ships. 
On Chad's next trip the space-station dispatcher referred to them as The Lucky Dragon, so Chad had maintenance paint the name on the ship while waiting for cargo, right under the registration number. 
The spaceport supervisor thought it was a good joke, but the military commander wasn't amused. He assigned Chad to transport troops and equipment out to a newly discovered planet, that turned out to be planet 4, Greenland. To add insult, he placed him under the command of a younger less experienced freighter captain. Captain Anderson landed his ship directly on the muddy unimproved field and cut power, then his ship started leaning. Chad had his pilot bake the landing area before he landed and cut power. 
The younger captain demanded that Chad send his pilot over to fix his landing problem. Chad agreed to, but reminded him that it would be several hours before his landing area cooled off enough to exit The Lucky Dragon. Then he had Alice explain to the other pilot how he could use the side thrusters to stabilize the ship while lifting off, and then pick another spot and bake the landing area with their rockets until they could safely land. The temporary spaceport dispatcher immediately started calling the Captains Anderson's ship, The Leaning Ship. The only other upright ship on the field took off and it's captain told dispatch he'd spread the word. 
Hours later the young captain visited Chad and asked him how he knew what to have his pilot do. Chad pointed out the airlock at the ship laying on its side and simply stated, anytime your unsure about the surface you're going to land on, bake it the consistency of concrete, and never cut all power until your ship settles. Your pilot can slowly decrease thrust until you're sure. 
* (ToC) *


Chapter 17   Warning

A year later, when Chad's ship returned to the Empire's home-planet, there were several of Exegeses warships were in high orbit. There were also several derelict warships. 
They were immediately warned not to approach. Everyone within the system was talking about the ultimatum that the Empire's government had been given. The empire would accept diplomatic contact and cease their warlike behavior against any outside contact. Their other option was to be conquered, and a caretaker government to run the empire.
The Lucky Dragon sat in space for almost a week before the Empire's government conceded to the ultimatum.  It only cost the Empire six more warships. 
Landing to unload their cargo, the traders had many theories about who the others were. Chad and his crew just commented that they were probably humans from a larger empire that decided to do a preemptive strike to prevent a full blown war. Those rumors traveled to all the places the traders frequented, including the bars and clubs. 
With several letters and a good cargo, The Lucky Dragon took off and passed the orbiting Exegeses warships with only a query as to their destination and registration. Chad took his time exiting the system and detected several other trading ships take off. They were informed that Exegeses warships would be encountered at all of the empire's planets. All were simply asked the same questions, given the same warning, and allowed to go on their way. 
Arriving at planet 2, they just answered the warships questions and landed. The traders were ecstatic that warships were not interfering with trade. After a few days relaxation, his ship had a cargo for planet 4. 
Arriving at Greenland, there were several derelicts in orbit with the Exegeses warships. Chad answered the warships questions and was given permission to land. There were eight trading ships at the spaceport. All the captains were fearful to take off, after seeing what happened to the warships that took off. 
Chad made a deal with his main trading house to carry a load of meat and fish to the home-planet. He was assured of a good profit, because no traders had launched in over three weeks.  Lidia Mae was laughing as she commented about the audience they had in the spaceport. Minutes after taking off, Chad heard Lidia Mae on the radio answering the warships inquiry. “Our ships registration is 3-20688, The Lucky Dragon. We have a cargo of meat and fish for Empire. Our Captain is the only one with enough guts to take off. If you would, delay anyone else a day or two so we can get a good profit by being first.” 
This is Captain Andrews of the Exegeses warship, The Iron Fist, “We were given instruction to just monitor trade and report ships and destinations. Tell your captain that I should not do this, but I'll inform the spaceport that they are quarantined for forty eight hours to give you a head start. On your next trip, I'd like you to make a delivery to my ships of fresh meat and vegetables. Military rations get tiring after awhile. Lucky Dragon, safe and profitable voyage. Out. 
Spaceport, this is Captain Andrews of the Exegeses warship The Iron Fist. Your planet is quarantined for forty-eight hours. After that notify us prior to any spacecraft wishing to depart. We will also question them when they reach orbit. End of transmission.” 
The Lucky Dragon's crew listened to the announcement, and were cheering as they heard the reply from the spaceport. Especially the captains in the background yelling and cursing Chad for letting his crew member make such an outrageous request, and getting it. 
Arriving at the Empire's home-planet, The Lucky Dragon was simply question by the warships in orbit. The ground spaceport told him to land in an isolated part of the spaceport for inspection. As they entered the atmosphere, Chad called the trading houses. He told the story of leaving Greenland and his crew members request to the warships in orbit. He then put his cargo up for bid and told the traders where he was instructed to land at the spaceport. 
The shortage of fresh meat brought him a higher than usual price, but not as high as he hoped, because the traders knew more was only a few days out. As they were unloading a military commander entered the ship. “Captain, I need you to make an unscheduled stop on Paradise.” 
“Commander Jensen, I don't know where Paradise is, and my charts are only a few months old.” 
“It is a newly discovered planet with only one trading house and a military outpost. If they haven't discovered it yet, they will soon. I have orders to hand carry to the local commander.” 
“I see Commander. What cargo can I carry there and what about a return trip. I do need to make a profit.” 
“Contact the Wilson trading house. It will be mining equipment. Your return cargo will be minerals.” 
“All right Commander, will I get credit, because I made a military trip several months ago.” 
“Captain, that program was discontinued.” 
“Commander, can I get the military weapons removed? They do cut into cargo space.” 
“No Captain, the government and the invaders don't care how the trading ships are armed. The damn politicians busted our budget. None of the trading ships could stand up against any warship. At least now, you stand a chance against pirate ships. 
“I'll be back as soon as you're loaded.” 
~ ~ ~
Take off was routine until they answered the Exegeses warships inquiry. They were then instructed to assume orbit and prepare for inspection. Within an hour a small spacecraft rendezvoused with them. The young crewman that boarded just checked the paperwork and and took a quick look around the cargo holds. He then handed Captain  Chad a locked box and told him to deliver it to the warship captain orbiting Paradise. 
Commander Jensen watched and wasn't happy. As soon as they were on their way he asked Chad to open the box. 
Chad replied, “I don't dare. It may be booby trapped, plus there is a seal on it.” 
“You're right to be cautious Captain. I was just hoping. Well we'll never know.”
The delivery of the box and the commander to Paradise went without problems. 
The military commander on Paradise requested Captain Chad to deliver a light load to Greenland and bring back a load of fresh food. Commander Jensen wasn't happy with the side trip, but stayed aboard. He didn't even act surprised when the local commander handed Chad a small bar of gold to help pay for the trip. 
Taking off Chad had Lidia Mae inform the Exegeses warship of their destination and request if they needed anything. The reply didn't surprise anyone, it was a request for fresh food. 
On Greenland, Chad bought enough extra fresh food to fill his cargo holds. When he hailed the Iron Fist after takeoff, Commander Jensen had a fit. He quickly realized that Captain Chad was playing both sides when the Iron Fist Captain told him to pull alongside to unload. He watched as Lidia Mae told the stevedores from the warship to pick a cargo hold and unload half. The price was two small gold bars. 
Captain Andrews of The Iron Fist boarded and called Captain Chad to meet him in the galley. Handing over the gold bars he pulled out a bottle of whiskey. Looking around and spotting Jensen he commented, “I was wondering if you'd live up to your side of the bargain. After all, I did get in a little trouble delaying the other trade ships so you could get a head start. Did you get a good profit delivering that food to Empire?” 
“Well Captain, I made more that I would have, but as soon as they found out that other loads were only a couple of days behind, they quit bidding each other up. 
“The warships around Paradise also asked me to bring them a load of fresh food once they found out where we were headed.” 
“Well Captain Chad, just call me Andrews. You could introduce me to your crew.”
“Andrews, this is Lidia Mae ships cook, Alice my first, Bender the second engineer, and Commander Jensen of the Empire space force. The rest are working their post.” 
“Hum-m, Commander Jensen of the Empire. I wasn't aware that the trader ships had a military presence aboard.” 
“They don't usually, I'm just shuttling him between planets. After all, your people shoot down Empire warships. That turns us traders into passenger carriers.” 
“Come on over Commander, I need to ask you a few questions.”
With reluctance Jensen joined them at the table. Andrews poured him a drink, and said, “Commander, sorry about your losses, but your politicians kept having your warships attack us. If your military commander will contact the warships in orbit before taking off, they'll get the same free passage as traders. Since the Dragon is headed back to Paradise and then Empire, you can inquire with the commanders of both blockades. Chad, I'm sure the commander at Empire would appreciate a load of fresh food.” 
“Andrews, I won't have room. I'm supposed to pick up a load of minerals, and that will contaminate the holds. Tell you what, I'll get the holds cleaned and be back to pick up food. You can tell me where to deliver it when I get back.”
“Chad, I'll hold you to that. Bye the way, what's the real going price for half a cargo hold of frozen meat, fish, and vegetables?” 
“Oh, a gold bar and a hand full of gold coins. You wouldn't begrudge me a nice profit for the risk, would you?” 
With a laugh Captain Andrews slapped his hand on the table and stated, “The next load, don't gouge me so bad or I'll have to make a deal with other traders.” 
“Captain Andrews, allow me a good profit. Several of my crew want to buy their own ship and I told them I'd help.” 
“My brother in law back home owns a shipyard. I could probably get them a better price, but the local military would tear it apart looking for technology. It would probably be better for them to buy local.” 
“You're right. It just occurred to me. What about the derelict warships in orbit around the planets?” 
“Chad they belong to the local military. 
“Commander Jensen, inform your military chain of command to petition the Exegeses warship, Captain Smith, to salvage your ships. Just between us, we just struck first to prevent an all out war. Pretty soon one of your explorers would have found evidence of our existence. Your governments attitude needed adjusting.” 
* (ToC) *


Chapter 18   Repast

As the Lucky Dragon entered the Empire system, Alice called Chad to the bridge. “Captain, an unknown ship just jumped in on the other side of the system. I don't recognize its configuration, shall I notify the authorities.” 
“Call Commander Jensen quick.” 
“Commander Jensen, my first just spotted a small ship jump into the system and then go dark. I know you need to inform your military, should we inform the Exegeses warship commander, because they have the most military forces here.” 
“Chad, that's not one of ours. Call the blockade commander while I notify my chain of command.” 
“Alice, call the Exegeses warship commander and give them our sensor readings and its location. Might as well tell them we also have half a hold full of food for them and arrange a price.” .
With amazement Jensen looked at Chad and yelled, “This could be dangerous, and all you think about is profit. Hell!” 
Chad calmly stated, “Their equipment is better than ours. They probably already spotted them, and are taking steps to track that little ship. If they weren't looking that way, I'm building good will by telling them. I always take care of business, it's my job to run a profitable ship. 
“Hell, they beat the space force like a drum. They'll probably be here for years. If I can get an exclusive contract to supply them with fresh food, well imagine the profit my crew will make. I'll be able to afford several ships. 
“Hell, if we have anything that they consider a luxury, maybe I can get that contract too. Just imagine the profit the first trading run between our empire and theirs. I'll be able to retire in luxury in a few years!” 
Scratching his head, Jensen commented, “You'd do anything for money, wouldn't you.” 
Hotly Chad replied, “No, I would not commit treason or become a spy, either would get you killed. I intend to live a long decadent life after I retire.” 
“You walk a fine line between both Chad, hell you might even resort to piracy if it would give you a large profit.” 
“Tell you what Jensen, after you get your time in, come and join my crew and I'll make you rich, and you can keep me honest.” 
Captain, we have a call coming in from the warship. 
 “This is Captain Smith of the Exegeses warship Vincent. Captain Chad, thanks for the heads up on the interloper, but we'd already spotted it. However, the offer for a cargo of food is appreciated. What are your references?” 
“Captain Smith, I deal with several of the larger trading houses. But, I think that you want to know which of your people I've dealt with, right?” 
“That's correct Captain Chad.” 
“I've delivered food to Captain Andrews on the Iron Fist at Greenland. He recommended that I contact you and the others as I made my rounds.”
“Dock at the space-station and I'll send over an inspector.” 
“Will do Captain. End of transmission.” 
~ ~ ~
The inspector took samples and scans of the contents of the hold. After a few minutes he offered five silver bars for half the load. 
Chad shook his head no and said, “Alice, educate this young woman on the cost of fresh food. In fact give her a tour of the trading houses on the station, but have her change out of her uniform first.” 
“Yes Sir Captain.” 
Commander Jensen stated, “If she goes on the station out of uniform she may be classified as a spy. I'll contact the station commander and get permission to escort her out of uniform. We both know the trading houses will jack up their prices once they realize she is from one of the warships.” 
“Thanks Jensen.” commented Chad. “I didn't think about the spy bit.” 
~ ~ ~
Commander Jensen returned later with a general. “Captain Chad, I understand you have made some contacts with the invaders.” 
“I wouldn't say that, I've only talked to two of the ships Captains, and had contact with a few of their crew.” 
“That's more contact than I've had and I'm--, well  I was the commander of all the space forces in the system. How did you manage it?” 
“General, it's a result of letting my ships cook handle the communications when we were leaving the Greenland system, and the fact that all the ships captains that landed there were so intimidated that they were afraid to take off. I'd already had gotten by the blockade here once with just a couple of questions from them.” 
“I see Captain Chad. Could I get you to arrange a meeting for me with the blockade commander.” 
“I'll try Sir. Where would you want it, here at the station, on their ship, or somewhere neutral like my ship?” 
“I think your ship would do fine for a first meeting.” 
Turning to Lidia Mae, Chad growled, “Call the Vincent and see it Captain Smith would like to attend a dinner here, and tell them there will be two guest of honor. Captain Smith and General Robertson. If he agrees, you better have a meal that will put the Empire's best chefs to shame. Do you understand?” 
“Yes Sir, can I quit now, or do I have to wait until after the dinner.” 
“After the dinner. You started this with your wise crack back on Greenland.” 
* (ToC) *


Chapter 19   Innocent Youth

The unknown ship was observed for a day and then it suddenly took off out system. A pursuit spacecraft was sent, but lost them when they exceeded the speed of light. 
The sensor readings showed that it was not in any ship database. 
~ ~ ~
Two days later a small cube shaped ship dropped into the Empire system. They immediately contacted the Vincent.
Captain Smith called for another dinner with General Robertson. Over drinks Captain Smith announced, “That strange cube shaped ship is one of our exploration ships. We intend to send it out to locate the society that built the ship that we detected last week. They have two open positions. 
“I've already talked to Captain Chad and he is furnishing his cook, since she also knows about trading. 
“It would be beneficial to our future working together, if you could furnish a military man, not a spy. Eventually your scientist will determine and design equipment equal to ours. 
“My chain of command estimates that we only have a few hundred years lead in technology. They would also prefer that your Empire develop its own technology. Sudden jumps in technology tend to destabilize a society.” 
~ ~ ~
Three days later a young sergeant, Tom Frame, reported to the space station and boarded the Wanderer. He was one of the Empire's elite marines. No one noticed him fall for Lilia Mae, not even her. 
After their tour of the ship, he retired to his cabin and she to the mess. Several hours later she announced the first meal and handed the Captain Mengesha a shopping list for supplies. His first comment to the two new crew members was, “Call me Wilbur, true this is a military ship, but we are not active. We are a branch that only does exploration and diplomatic duty. That doesn't mean that the chain of command is ignored, just more relaxed. Now lets see if the cook is any good, or if I have to get a replacement.” 
Within a week the full crew reported. 'Attention all personnel, report to the mess for mission briefing.' 
Everyone was congratulating everyone else for getting a plum job, until Captain Mengesha walked in and smiled. “OK, pipe down, our mission is not the easy job you think it will be. First thing in morning we'll go to the asteroid belt and cut six sections to mate to the sides of the ship. We'll do this until everyone, including the cook, is proficient. One of the military scouts gave us the vector that we'll follow. Our first stop in any star system will be the Oort cloud to camouflage the ship. If any indications of technology are detected, our entry into the system will be like a comet. That will give us plenty of time for evaluation before we get deep within the system. If no technological indications are detected we'll accelerate in and then go ballistic through the star system gathering all data using passive sensors. Any questions so far?” 

“Sergeant Frame, you are in for a surprise. You will get a scouts longevity treatment, a little bonus for your participation on this mission. Lidia Mae, pickup the completion medications for his treatment and double check to make sure you have all the supplements he'll need for the next six months. You will supervise his treatment protocol. Now everyone report to medical on the Vincent. Report back here upon your release by medical. Dismissed.” 

The first star system was three weeks out. The Captain had his fun berating the crew as they messed up one try after another cutting camouflage for the ship, to make it appear as a comet. It only took three tries to get it right. Accelerating toward the star he had the ship go passive as soon as they reached two hundred kilometers per second. The trajectory would take them through the Goldilocks zone, and take seven months to traverse the system. So far no radio signals had been detected. 
Three months in they detected a signal that was artificial. It came from the third planet. A telescopic survey located the glint of either an artificial satellite or ship in orbit. No cities or other indications of civilization were detected on the planets surface or its moon. 
Five exploration packages, were prepared. These little stealth satellites had been designed by the military. They gathered information using passive sensors and then transmitted back to the launching spacecraft using compressed burst near the frequency generated by the star in the system. The electronics were all embedded in rock, which made them appear as loose asteroids. Launching them from the out-gassing plume behind the ship made it look like parts of the comets head exploded. 
Weeks later the first sensor reading were received. The ship orbiting the planet did not match the profile of the ship that had briefly entered the Empire system. Its electronic signature indicated that it was probably a heavily armed spacecraft. The crew came up with the idea that it may be bait for a trap. 
Using the entangled communication suite, Captain Mengesha sent all their findings to Exegeses and requested a warship enter the system to gage their reaction. The Wanderer would continue its ballistic camouflaged course through the system. 
Three weeks later when the military warship dropped into the system, and activated all its active sensors, the reaction was immediate. 
The unknown ship immediately raised energy shields and accelerated toward a point where it could jump out. Unfortunately for them another warship jumped in at their planned exit, and started transmitting a demand for them to power down. They changed their trajectory and exceeded the speed of light. 
Our military ships had launched several probes and one managed to catch the ship before it jumped. We now had a tag that we could follow. Over the next several months we triangulated five locations. The fifth location was the one we wanted, because the unknown ship remained there. 
Captain Mengesha took the ship back to the home base in the Exegeses system. Calling Sergeant Frame in he informed him of their location. He then said, “I know you are a loyal Empire citizen, and in its military. As you know we conquered the Empire because of its aggressive military policy. I'm going to ask you to give your word as a noncommissioned officer that you will turn a blind eye to any military related resources you see while here and on this ship. In other words, please do not report back to your superiors our military status.” 
“Captain, I was already instructed on that point by General Robertson. Since this is an exploration spacecraft, I was to observe all weapons systems and report back. As far as other military spacecraft, I was to report any space battles observed and the efficiency of weapons and tactics used by everyone involved. As you know, I am a covert insertion specialist for planet operations. I had to obtain help and information from some of your crew just to perform my assigned duties here. I think the best way for me to not see any military operations here would be to have me escorted while off ship, or confined to the ship.” 
“Thanks for your honesty Tom. Who would you like for an escort?” 
“Captain, I'd love to be confined to the company of the cook. She's something else.” 
“Oh, what makes you think that?” 
“Beyond the fact that she is in charge of my health, she's a beautiful young girl.” 
“Tom, I hate to burst your bubble, but she is twice your age. The longevity treatment has a tendency to make one look, feel, and have the physique of a much younger person. You would not have noticed this until you got back home and compared yourself to your friends. Normally only an active citizens of Exegeses gets these treatments. Those that don't work, don't get the treatments. You are an exception, because you are actively working on a federation mission.” 
“What does that do to my status Captain?” 
“After we return and you're released, you will no longer receive treatments. When they wear off you will start to age at a normal rate.” 
“How long can you live with these treatments?” 
“Tom, that's a question that's hard to answer. Most of the explorers and scouts that usually die of unnatural causes. Those are high risk jobs. Only a few like myself attain what used to be considered great age. I'm three hundred and forty-nine. Like I said, you qualified because this is an open ended mission, meaning we might complete it in a few years, or it may take a decades.” 
“Well, now that I know this, I'd still like Lidia Mae as my escort. I imagine she will be flabbergasted at this request. She's not married, is she?” 
“No she's not Tom, however her sisters will definitely take you to task if you do anything improper. They're both in the planetary command structure and have workers that would do anything they asked. Her mother was rescued from a barbarian planet, and is also high in the command structure. Her stepfather is in command of the planetary outpost division. If that's not enough warning, think on this. Up until about thirty years ago she was wandering the wilderness of a primitive planet by herself. Since then she's participated in missions to primitive planets and dealt with those people efficiently. She's not someone to trifle with!” 
“Yes Captain, I'll take your warning seriously. I'll have to watch my step, or I may not get to use the longevity you've given me. She hides her experience well. She seems so  innocent. Are you sure we're talking about the same girl?” 
“Yes Tom, who do you think was one of the crew that gathered information on the Empire for a decade?” 
“She was one of the crew of the ship that Commander Jensen briefed me about?” 
“Yes, and he even tried to seduce her for information. Did he mention that?” 
“No, he only mentioned that there was an attractive cook aboard that said she'd slice him up and make sandwiches for the crew if he didn't behave.” 
“Damn, now I'll have to watch for missing persons, and check the meat I eat. You didn't have to mention that Tom.” 
“Well you asked Captain, now I think I'll go get some coffee.” 
* (ToC) *
Chapter 20  Unknown

Dropping out of the jump two light hours out from the target system, the Wanderer accelerated up to point one of light speed. Weeks later they started entering the outside edge of the local star's Oort cloud. Slowing they searched for several water and ice rocks. Locating suitable rocks they cut and attached them. As soon as the camouflage was mounted, Captain Mengesha aimed the ship in to the system. All three of the navigators worked mapping the system. The large orange star only had two rocky planets and two gas giants. After a few zigzags the trajectory through the system was laid in for their artificial comet. They even deliberately knocked a few ice asteroids out of their orbits.
Everyone pulled maintenance and placed sensors on the outside of the camouflage. Once finished they had little to do for four months. Then they would be inside the orbit of the fourth planet. 
To their surprise in a little over two months they started picking up signals strong enough to analyze. The first were radio and then pictures. Alice the first officer was ecstatic that they had the extra time to analyze the culture and learn the language. 
The main concentration of signals were from the second planet. As they got closer they at first thought it was a double planet, but further analysis detected a massive moon. It was slightly less than a quarter of the diameter of the planet. Orange stars don't have big a Goldilocks zones. The planet had an elliptical orbit ranging from .8 to 1.4 AU. Everyone came to the conclusion that these humans had settled this planet recently in galactic time. 
Picture analysis told the story. These humans had physically adapted to the heavy gravity of the planet. Spectrographic analysis of the atmosphere showed strong sulfur dioxide lines along with a higher than normal oxygen percentage. 
Their orbit through the system took them back to the outer edge of the system where they dumped the camouflage. They accelerated further out for over a week before jumping back to Exegeses. 
~ ~ ~
Arriving at Exegeses and after exhaustive analysis the Director Lassic put forth his report the congress. The Unknown civilization presents a clear and viable threat to both the republic and their conquered Empire's planets. The only way to defuse the situation is to meet the Unknown civilization with a diplomatic force of sufficient strength to discourage their aggressive tendencies, until trade could be established, and peaceful relations developed to a point where war would be detrimental to both parties.
After receiving approval from the congress, Director Lassic ordered his rescue planning supervisors to put together a plan and diplomatic team. 
After a brief meeting they put out a request for volunteers. The Medical sections were tasked with putting together a program to bring the volunteers up to strength and endurance to withstand a 2 G environment. Every volunteer was given a chance to withdraw after being informed that the treatment protocols were highly experimental and may not be reversible. 
~ ~ ~
The new Exegeses diplomatic ship was run through the asteroid belt several times to convincingly mark the hull and make it look aged. The diplomatic crew and their backups had fun beating the crap out of the interior until it looked well lived in. It had been built to meet the stresses of a 5 G gravity field. The repairs to apparent catastrophic damage were of the strongest materials available and in places they cause more hull damage on the shakedown run. Even more repairs were completed before the team certified that they considered it suitable. They then christened and named the ship, Cream Puff.
~ ~ ~
Coming out of jump space on the edge of the Unknown civilization star system, the Cream Puff started broadcasting the fact that they were a diplomatic ship from the Exegeses Star Federation. 
Everyone expected to be challenged, but not the hundreds of missiles that were launched at them. Captain Fey just ordered the pilot to jump the ship in closer to the main planet. 
Again they were targeted with hundreds of missiles. Jumping within the orbit of the 1st planet, Captain Fey broadcast the fact that they were a diplomatic ship desiring to make peaceful contact, not become a target for their missiles. Before closing the microphone she uttered the old curse that the first team had uncovered. 
Within minutes there was a thousand percent increase of communications traffic system wide. As it died down they finally heard, 'Welcome diplomatic ship from the Exegeses Star Federation.' 
After making contact with the sending station on the second planet, Captain Fey received a system wide safe transit pass. 
Tom the first officer commented, “They lost us, they don't know where we are. I suggest we jump to a location in the third planets orbit and then proceed to their home-planet. 
Proceeding from the third plants orbit to the home-planet took several hours at standard in-system speed. Cream Puff's sensors got a workout tracking every object that moved. Approaching the second planet Captain Fey requested docking instructions and was instructed to land at the spaceport near the capitol. Captain Fey announced, “Diplomat crew suit up in heavy suits, you'll go outside and start inspection and initiate contact as soon as we land.”
The pilots started to object until they were reminded that the ship was built and powered to handle a 5 G planet, so they had plenty of excess power. Tom announced ship-wide, “I've instructed the pilots to make a hard landing, about 3 G to see what kind of response we get. Also we can claim damage and leave part of the crew on-board.” 
When the ship bounced the second time the navigator reported multiple vehicles headed their way. Some resembled fire suppression vehicles he'd seen back home. 
Captain Fey announced, “Diplomat crew with bodyguards outside now. Bodyguards will start a ground inspection of the hull, and pay attention to the landing field for any damage.” 
The first truck to pull up discharged several suited figures, and all but one started pulling hoses from the back. The suited figure from the front walked up to one of the spacesuited figures from the ship and inquired. “Do you need help with damage or fire?” 
Tom waived his hand and replied, “No, we can handle any damage. You know how inexperienced pilots are. She'll remember to slow down in time, next time. Her face ate the pilots console. By the way, I'm Tom the main diplomat.” 
The man from the truck replied, “I'm Chief Flatfoot, the commander of the emergency crew at this spaceport.” He then turned and yelled, “OK, funs over for now, get that gear repacked and the truck back in the station.” 
His crew jumped to and was packed and gone in a few minutes. Turning back he stuck out a hand and said, “Just call me Chief. The boss will be here soon. I think they expected your ship to explode, because when it hit the field the first time they dived into the emergency tubes. Most of those wimps have never been off planet.” 
“Well Chief, I'm Tom Smith. Besides being the chief diplomat, I'm the ships first officer. Let the field control personnel know that we'll leave half the crew here to make any needed repairs. Ten of us will need transportation to the capitol to meet with the people in charge of negotiations.” He then noticed a military type vehicle circling the ship. One individual sitting in the back was evidently taking pictures and sensor readings. 
“Is that one of your boys Chief?” 
“Hell no Tom, that vehicle is from the defense motor pool, so you might as well consider him overly curious. Your ship is the first ship not belonging to the Orange Sawyer Federation to land here.” 
“So that's what your group of planets call themselves.” 
“Yes, although the government acts more like a tyranny. The wimps squawk and expect every citizen to jump. Rats, here they come, stop by and see me when you get a chance, my office is in that building.” 
A short fat man rushed up and stuck out his hand. “I'm Mr Jamison, the diplomatic liaison for the president. How many of you will need transportation to the capitol?” 
Tom immediately realized that this guy was some bureaucrat desk pounder that was given this job without any instructions. Sticking out his hand, Tom said, “I'm the chief diplomat. There will be nine support personnel and myself that will need transportation, quarters, and several offices while we negotiation a peace and trade agreement with your government. Are facilities available now, or would you rather return in the morning after making some security arrangements?” 
Looking flustered, Mr Jamison walked back to his vehicle and picked up his radio. A few minutes later he announced, “The area we were going to put you in is to small. I'll return in two days with transportation after suitable facilities are setup.” 
Hiding his grin, Tom shook his hand and bid him a good day. As soon as he started his vehicle, Tom said out of the corner of his mouth, “Chief, any entertainment around here. It seems like your government wasn't ready for us and that guy didn't know what he was doing.” 
“Tom, I'll pick you up in an hour, wear some dark clothing so you can blend in. I know a little bar just outside the gate. Food and drinks are good.” 
“I'll have to bring one of my bodyguards Chief, they think I can't find my ass with both hands if I'm sitting on them.” 
With a grin the Chief quipped, “You got that kind subordinates too. Tell him no guns, however most people carry knives and a good appetite.” 
“Will do Chief, see you in an hour.” 
* (ToC) *


Chapter 21  Dinner Out

The bar looked like a hole in the wall as they approached it. Just inside the door a bouncer scanned them and told the bodyguard that if he used the knife for anything more than cutting his food, he'd be in trouble. Walking down the dingy hall the Chief slapped the left wall twice. A hidden door opened into another hall. At the end of that hall was a brightly lit room with tables and soft music. “This is the company club. If you aren't recognized you end up in the bar. I only send my enemies there, because the drinks are poor and the service even worse. Linda, we need a corner table and the usual.” 
Drinks arrived quickly. Taylor sniffed his and then took a gulp. 
The Chief leaned back and laughed as Taylor gagged and sputtered. 
With a grin he said, “That's a little stronger than what I usually drink, but it smelled so good. Sir, am I on duty tonight?”
“No, I think I'll survive without you babysitting me. However, I'm not dragging your drunk ass back to the ship.” With that Tom tipped his glass and took a sip. “Damn Chief, that is good. I think you should pick the food to.” 
“The plate of vegetables surrounded a small piece of meat with a light sauce. As soon as Taylor took a bite he groaned. “Chief, I'm sorry, my bodyguard has no class. He's an embarrassment to take anywhere.” 
When Tom took a bite, he slowly chewed and glanced at Taylor. “I know why you groaned, but not so loud.” 
“Tom, this is one of the chefs show plates. He wins awards with it. I don't remember anyone that's sampled it that hasn't groaned in pleasure, except you.” 
“Hell Chief, I was moaning and groaning inside! I'd love to have the ships cook taste this and then try to duplicate it. She'd go nuts, and probably try to kidnap the chef to get the recipe.” 
“Linda, take one of the boys and go get the cook from the ship. Tell him that Tom wants him to taste a new recipe.” 
Tom immediately stated, “Linda, the cook's name is Lidia Mae. If you can, would you carry something suitable for her to wear. Just tell the Chief what it cost and I get the money to him for you.” 
As soon as she was out the door, the Chief turned to Tom and said, “Linda is my daughter. She will take good care of your cook. Now damn it, call me Ed or Edward. My title ain't proper amongst friends unless there are wimps around. That means you too Taylor, or I have you hand delivered to the bar. Get my drift.” 
They were working on desert when Linda walked back in with Lidia Mae. Taylor took one look, and the desert fell off his fork into his lap. 
Lidia May looked at him and said, “Reel you eyes in and shut you mouth. You'll attract bugs.” 
Ed looked at Tom, “I told you that Linda would take good care of her. Evidently Taylor has never really looked at that young woman. If I wasn't a grandfather, I'd be drooling too.” 
Lidia Mae pulled out a chair and dropped into it just as Taylor was starting to rise. “Taylor, if you protect the boss like you offer me a chair, he's in trouble. 
“Linda, may I have one of those drinks you mentioned and something to eat. Evidently these men couldn't wait, so I think it best if they just sit and stare.” 
Linda was laughing as she walked away. 
After sipping her drink, Lidia Mae commented to Ed, “This is good, but a mite tart for my taste.” 
After sampling her plate of food she looked up at the man that delivered it to the table and stated, “This is quite good. Are you the chef?” 
All he did was smile as Linda poked him in the side and said, “Yes he is.” 
“Lidia Mae flashed a smile and said, “I'd love to trade recipes with you, but I taste a home secret here. I'll bet you just improved on your grandmothers recipe. This is home cooking at its best!” 
“Actually, it is my grandfathers recipe.” 
“Sir, I'd offer my body for it, but my boss wouldn't like that, and I have to live on that ship until I get home.” 
“Young lady, my wife would torture both of us if I accepted that kind of offer. However, I'll give you the recipe before you leave, if you promise never to prepare it on this planet.”
Offering her hand she said, “That a deal. If I can make it as well as you do, only my children will get this recipe. Do your children appreciate the cooking talent you have?” 
Someone across the room hollered, “Hey cookie, are you going to feed us or just moon over that gal. Or maybe we should go next door to the bar. We might be able to get some stale bread wrapped around a piece of boot leather.” 
With anger on her face and a clenched fist, Lidia Mae started getting up when the chef stated, “Don't bust their chops. They are regulars and very good tippers. Right Linda.” 
As Linda was delivering them more drinks, Lidia Mae apologized, “I'm sorry, their attitude about an excellent chef just burned me up for a minute. If I'd gotten over to them, I probably would have castrated them using the forks on their table.” 
The chef looked at Tom and said, “Can I adopt your beautiful young woman. She has the fire that my daughters lack. 
As Tom opened his mouth, Taylor stated, “You wouldn't want this little barbarian in your kitchen. She runs the ships mess like a military camp, and shows no pity on anyone that doesn't clean up after themselves.”
Ed quipped, “He runs his kitchen the same way, they must be kindred spirits. Now we have some deep talking to do.” 
~ ~ ~
Several hours later back on the ship, Tom turned to Taylor and Lidia Mae and asked, “Did he give us the low down on the government I think he did?” 
Taylor just nodded and said, “I'll have a full report to you in the morning.” 
Lidia Mae added her comment, “You really need to watch your step. The upper crust of this society is rotten to the core. I think the only reason they don't revolt is because they keep the rot in the high society, and leave the common man alone. The mere fact that we exist, and are here is going to shake them up. Just after dark the hull started heating up. They were using battleship grade sensors to try to probe our ship. The Captain finally had to raise the shields a little after the hull got hot enough to burn one of the engineers. Lucky no one was outside, they would've been cooked.” 
* (ToC) *


Chapter 22   The Estate

After a day of preparing the ship for instant takeoff, and implanting transmitters in everyone that would leave the ship, the Captain announced that everything that could be done was done. 
Ed stopped by just at dusk and handed Lidia Mae an envelope. As she opened it he looked over her shoulder and commented, “I figured he'd send the recipe in code. His grandfather was a chemist.” 
Lidia Mae replied, “This is the only way he could send it. Matching ingredients between two different cultures is impossible. From this I can figure out what each ingredient is, or make it from raw chemicals. Tell him many thanks and that I love him. After I duplicate this, I can tweak it for the people back home that will appreciate it. No one else will even get a sniff.” 
As Ed was turning he whispered, “Be careful, those wimps are planning something. There is a military buildup just outside town.” 
~ ~ ~
In the morning, Mr Jamison arrived on a bus. The ride into the capitol ended at a walled estate. Jamison explained that the president was busy for two days. They could use the time to set up their office. There would be soldiers guarding the outside walls of the estate. They could use everything inside for their diplomatic mission. 
Tom thanked him and asked if he had any assigned radio frequencies so they could communicate with their ship. 
Jamison promised to get him some frequencies by the morning, and left. 
~ ~ ~
As Jamison walked out the gate, Tom turned and stated, “OK, now we're set up. I want every observation device located and put on a switch. I also want all entrances and exits tagged with sensors. 
“Lidia Mae, check all food and liquids to make sure we won't be poisoned. 
“Taylor, I want every inch of the estate, including the outside walls checked for explosives and other death traps. 
“Report in every thirty minutes. We've only got six hours to secure ourselves. Lets get everything inside first.”
By dark most of the estate had been checked and no traps or listening devices found. Tom still set up a portable shield in the innermost rooms, as a secure area. 
Lidia Mae cooked a late dinner, afterwards everyone went upstairs to bed except Esther, Timothy the guard, and her. After another cup of coffee, Tim said he was going out to patrol the grounds. 
% % %
OK men, there are ten of them inside the estate. I know you don't like to be limited to knives and clubs, but tonight we're supposed to be criminals. Our objective is to kill half the men and kidnap at least two of the women. If they get raped in the process, they'll be more talkative when the interrogations start. Remember, they are aliens from another star and not us. They use braces for support and breathing mask. 
The observers watched them seal the main building and set up environmental equipment. Breaking down the front doors should allow our air to weaken them. If you have time, open or break out a few windows on the second floor. Only three are observed to be still up. Two in one of the front rooms and one walking around outside. The two guards on the back wall are volunteers, so don't club them to hard. They'll be discovered in three hours by their relief. Quiet in and out. Go!
% % %
“Esther, I don't care what mother says, I was perfectly safe in the wilderness back home.” 
“Yea Lidia, you and the wolves got along real good. Several times they almost got you. Like the eighth winter when they dug into your stockade. If your fresh meat hadn't attracted them, they'd have eaten you. Mom was that far from having you rescued then.” 
“Oh bull, I was well protected in my cabin. I think I need some more coffee.” As Lidia Mae was pouring she heard a crash and footsteps pounding on the stairs over the kitchen.  Glancing over the divider she saw Esther struggling with two men. One said, the other one must be in the kitchen. 
As he headed her way she grabbed an ice pick and ducked behind the center counter. He was still swearing as she drove the ice pick through the back of his neck and up into his head. Snatching the knife from his belt she jumped on the divider and launched herself at the men holding Esther.
As soon as one released Esther to stop the attack, Esther twisted and drove the edge of her hand into the front of his neck. As he raised his hands she pulled his knife and drove it under his ribs with a twist. 
Lidia managed a slice on the last mans arm as he knocked her out of the air. He had his hands around her neck as Esther drove the bloody knife into his back and twisted it. He bled out moments later. Lidia was gasping as Esther pushed him off her and whispered, “There are more upstairs. Where are your weapons?” 
“Upstairs Esther, however.” Lidia Mae croaked back as she waived her bloody knife. 
Together they started up the stairs. At the top, with his back to them was one of the invaders forcing open a window. The knife slipped between his ribs put him down. 
Esther gasp as she saw the body of Nancy half out her room door, beside the body of another invader. Hearing the sound of something breaking, she rushed the second room. A stranger was backing toward the door dodging to avoid the chair leg Brenda was swinging at him. He fell as Esther's knife penetrated his throat. “Grab his knife Brenda, we're under attack.” 
Lidia Mae entered Tom's room expecting the worse. Two dead invaders lay on the floor and Tom was bleeding from multiple cuts. “I'll be OK, protect Smith.” 
As she whirled and left the room she saw Brenda, “Tom needs immediate first aid. Esther, follow me.” Running down the hall, they saw another invader backing out of a room, and without a thought they knifed him as they passed. A sound from another room slowed them. As Esther entered the door, another of the invaders was standing over the body of James. He started to turn as she drove her knife into his side. The ripping jab was so violent that she broke the blade off. 
Lidia Mae burst through the door to Smith's room to see him calmly sitting on his attacker pounding his face into the floor. “You're bleeding Sir.” 
“Not to worry, get me the wire from that lamp. I want this one alive to question.” 
Wrapping the invaders hands together she stomped on his shoulder until she heard the bone break, then dragged him over to the bed and tied him to its leg. 
“That was uncalled for Lidia!” 
“Sir, we have casualties.” 
Exiting the room they found the survivors in the hall passing out weapons. Esther glanced at Smith and growled, “The hell with diplomacy, we've been attacked. 
“Esther, I've got a live one in my room. Secure and interrogate him.” 
“Yes Sir.” 
“We'll have to give him up when they don't report back, I mean discover the attack. However, I don't care what condition he's in as long as he's alive, and can tell his superiors what pushovers we are. Get my drift?” 
With a grin Esther said, “Brenda, would you care to assist me? Lidia Mae, take Tim and bring Taylor in. If anything outside moves, kill it.”
Near the back wall they found Taylors body, with his throat cut. 
As they reentered the main building they found Esther and Brenda standing on either side of the live invaders body. He was tied spreadeagle on the table. Brenda had just finished jabbing a fork into his inner thigh and was twisting it's handle. “Esther, how many more forks in that box. I think I saw a nut cracker in the top drawer. All he wants to do right now is whimper.” 
Lidia Mae commented, “We found Taylors body. I've no more patience. Cut his pants off so I can castrate him.” As she stepped forward, the prisoner struggled. Tim grabbed Lidia's arm and said, “Wait, I've got a better solution. It will make him scream like a small child. Get a candle. Slow cooking his testicles will be better, because if he doesn't talk, when we return him he'll never be able to perform.” 
Esther looked at Tim and said, “Burning flesh stinks so...” 
“Who cares Esther, we can open a window, and we ain't staying here. I'd let Lidia do it, but she's to mad to do it slowly.” 
The prisoner croaked, “I'll talk, I'll talk.
“We were sent in to kill half the men and kidnap several of the women for interrogation.” 
Lighting the candle, Esther asked, “Who authorized the attack?” 
“I don't know, they had their faces covered.” 
“Brenda, hand me the candle. I'll start by dripping hot wax on his parts and then work down his leg. Then as the wax cools I'll apply the flame, and slowly work back up.”
“Tim, let me. One of them killed Nancy.” 
“No, an asshole instructor taught us this method. I still have some of the scars from his training. Find me a small sharp knife. A few small cuts in certain areas will increase the pain.” 
With the first drops of hot wax the prisoner cried, “I don't know any more except we're supposed to be out in an hour.” 
Smith stepped forward. “Esther, sounds like a major attack coming. Notify the ship to  come here, and issue all weapons. Which building can we make a stand in that the ship can land beside.” 
“Sir the gatehouse is stone like the wall. It only has two doors and one window. 
“Tom, can you handle securing the gatehouse?” 
“I'll need five minutes, then have Brenda secure the path.” 
“Move it Tom. Lidia, contact the ship and tell them our exit plan. 
“Sir, I'll need you to carry extra weapons and equipment. 
“Tim, should we let this guy live?” 
“Esther, I think that would be best. Their command structure should know that we know of their plans. Tell the ship to transmit a warning order to Planetary Outpost.” 
“Belay that Esther. This governments attitude will only get better after we invade and conquer them. On my authority, inform them to prepare an invasion force. Now lets get out of here.” 
In minutes there were multiple small explosions in the main house as they ran to the gatehouse. 
The ship landed minutes later and they boarded. “Captain, expect heavy resistance on the way out.” 
The Captain announce ship-wide. “Battle stations, return fire only, prepare for maximum acceleration in two minutes.” 
Missiles and fighters met them as they exited the atmosphere. An abrupt change in trajectory left the missiles behind. The ships lasers went full on and burned many of the fighters as they tried to catch them.
 A planetary diameter out, the pilot hit the jump control. 
* (ToC) *


Chapter 23

The federation council wasn't happy when they received word on the Unknown civilizations government and the attack on their diplomatic mission. While they argued and debated, others made preparations. 
Director Lassic of the Planetary Outpost ordered ten more ships built to the 5 G standards, only these were warships. When Esther and Lidia Mae arrived at his headquarters he immediately dispatched them to bring General Robertson from Empire. 
By the time they arrived in the Empire home-planet system, another incursion from the Unknown military had been stopped. Only one of the enemy ships had gotten close enough to launch missiles at the planet, before being destroyed. 
The commanders of all the Planetary Outpost sectors and General Robertson were briefed by 1st Officer Tom Smith and his diplomatic crew. The only point of uncertainty was the actual name of the unknown government. Was it Orange Sawyer or Orange, or Sawyer. After the briefing Director Lassic pulled the general aside. 
“General, I expect you to brief your government. They've already felt the hit from Orange. Now, I would like to offer you a position in the Planetary Outpost organization as Commander of the empire region 23. You will of course have to get approval of your government. I can sent a commander with you to explain the duties and responsibilities to your leaders.” 
“Why thank you Director. I'm sure there will be some resistance to my appointment. Are you sure you want a military man, and not a civilian in that position?” 
“You're right, I'd appoint one of my commanders, but I think the resistance would be more of a hindrance than its worth. This is not a political position. If it would help, I can send the appointment down as a directive drafting you into the Planetary Outpost.” 
“Director, you know that however its done, I'll end up as a piranha to my fellow countrymen. Lets try it as a political offer first.” 
“All right. I'm sending six more warships for your systems defense. I'll assign my granddaughter as liaison. I'm sure Commander Jensen and Sergeant Frame will be delighted to see her.” 
“What do you mean Sir.” 
“Both of them tried to put, as we call it, their moves on her.” 
“Really, I'll have to have a talk with them about that.” 
“No need to General, Lidia Mae can handle them.” 
“Lidia Mae, you mean the cook. I never would have guessed.” 
“Yup, she likes to cook, but don't let that fool you. She rather direct, than order people around. But when she needs to, she's as tough as your hardest top sergeant.” 
“She's to young to be that seasoned.” 
“She's your age General. I forgot to mention it, but you'll be getting longevity treatments as soon as your appointment is confirmed. I expect you to nominate some of your best for treatments. I suggest you put in for Exegeses citizenship when this unpleasantness is over.” 

The six Exegeses warships arrive and took up positions around the system. 
The politicians debated for three days before they agreed that maybe General Robertson would be better as commander over the Empire than some Exegeses citizen. They gave him instructions to get every advantage he could for them. Before he surrendered his military control he promoted another general to be his replacement. He was junior to several others, but he had merit. Ramming the promotion through only took several hours. Briefing General Poling, he instructed him to formally petition the Exegeses warship commander for permission to salvage all the Empire warship wrecks still in orbit. 
With that done he moved to his country home, and watched the detail from the Vincent set up security and communications for his new position. The even built a small spaceport on his property. 
For almost a year routine ruled and paperwork was the usual pain. Then Robertson was called to headquarters. Director Lassic informed him that the new warships were coming out of the space docks and as soon as testing was completed would be replacing ships stationed in his system. 
His next question upset Robertson, “I haven't gotten as many recommendations for longevity treatments as I expected. Why?” 
“Director, I've only recommended quality people that I would trust my life and family to. In the years to come, I expect more people to align themselves with Exegeses values and then you'll have to make the decisions.” 
“I see. Now to the defense of sector 23 and the possible need to invade to Orange Federation. 
“General, the council has finally given cart-blanch authorization to the Planetary Outpost command to handle the security problem with the Orange Federation as we deem appropriate. We're watching them from long distance and estimate that they will have their space military prepared to launch a full fledged invasion in three to five years. Even with a year since the last contact, they are still ramping up their industrial base. 
“I want you to push the rebuild of your space military, and have them prepared for action in about two years. That's when our strategist indicate our greatest chance for successful diplomacy with force. 
“Their home-planet is the highest G rated planet in their federation. Their superiority complex even extends to their colony planets. They don't even make concessions to official visitors from their colonies. From prior intelligence, the general population doesn't even like the government. They consider it rotten, but the government leaves the population alone, so no big issues exist to ferment a rebellion. We don't have much information on their military, so we don't know if they'll surrender to an overwhelming force, or fight down to the last man.”
“That's a lot less than what you knew about us.” 
I know, we even captured two of their merchant ships. All we can tell is that their paperwork is more of a headache than any we've ever analyzed. Even knowing the language and informing the merchants that we were military, and not pirates, they fought to the last crew member. One even tried to self-destruct his ship. The majority of our analysis have come to the conclusion that we'll have to go in and blow away their entire military space force, and then land infantry to take out their government. It could get very nasty. We have around a thousand personnel undergoing the gravity enhancement treatments. We could use a large group from your planet to assist.” 
“Director, one of the problems raised when the longevity treatments were mentioned was the fact that it changed the persons DNA. Now this gravity enhancement treatment will raise the same problem with their religious beliefs.” 
Robertson, if you remember your advanced biology, there is a countdown strand in either the DNA or RNA that determines the number of times a cell will reproduce. The longevity treatment chemically add to that countdown strand. The gravity treatment simply speeds up the same adaptability that the human body has. We could duplicate it by moving our population to a 2 G planet for a hundred or so generations. No DNA from any other life form is introduced into the patient. It's all done chemically to the patients own DNA. I'll have the medical section put together a briefing series for you to take back.” 
“Thanks, that never occurred to me when I accepted treatment.” 
“I know. Emmie, my wife had the same concerns when she was first given the treatments. 
“OK Director, I'll get the ball rolling back home.”

* (ToC) *


Chapter 23   A War

A little over two years passed before the order came down to launch the fleet. A dozen  of the new warships from the Exegeses fleet dropped into the Orange Federation home system, thousands of missiles were launched at them. As a unit they jumped between the Orange fleet and the home-planet. The commanders of the orbital defense stations must have panicked because they launched thousands of their missiles. As they'd done already, they  jumped to a location on the other side of the Orange fleet and opened fire crippling many of the warships. Then the orbital station missiles started arriving causing more damage to the crippled Orange fleet. 
Their next targets were the orbital stations. Two ships attacked each with missiles and laser fire turning them into orbiting junk. Few escape craft headed toward the planet. 
Once the main defensive fleet and orbital stations were eliminated, the remainder of the fleet jumped into high orbit. The next move was for the diplomatic ship to announce on all radio frequencies that the government had one hour to surrender. Immediately drops ships full of enhanced G soldiers dropped to surround the planetary capitol. They prevented anyone from fleeing either by ground or air. 
Other new warships attacked known military bases around the system. Their commanders were given a simple choice, surrender or die fighting. The first few tried to fight. After they were destroyed more of the commanders simply surrendered and requested fair treatment for their soldiers. 
In less than a day the Orange Republic's space fleet was crippled and their capitol under quarantine. The hour deadline passed and the Exegeses soldiers started moving in. The populous was well trained by their police and military. When confronted, the dropped to their knees and held their hands over their heads. The soldiers simply herded them to the rear area where they were put under guard. 
Anyone or group that resisted was met with overwhelming fire. Five hours later they had the capitol building complex surrounded. They had to stop there because of the energy shield surrounding the complex. When they called for assistance one of the new warships dropped from orbit and landed on the energy shield. The added stress on the shield caused it to collapse in less than a day, and the ship dropped into the complex crushing several buildings. Minutes later the ship started moving horizontally around the complex crushing the remaining buildings, and then returned to orbit. 
The soldiers maintained their perimeter and waited for the survivors to come out and surrender, or die fighting. News organizations from all over the planet had camera drones orbiting the capitol. Many of the monitored broadcast commented favorably on the restrain of the invading soldiers. 
Warships were dispatched to every identified military base. They simply broadcast that the military commander could surrender or die fighting. Most surrendered, especially after watching the civilian news from the capitol. 
A battalion of engineers landed and leveled the remaining rubble of the planetary capitol complex and then fused the surface. It then became a spaceport for the Exegeses fleet resupply and troop movement center.
As in any war there were pockets of resistance. They were dealt with as quickly as resources could be assigned.
More Orange Federation warships entered the system. Most surrendered as soon as they saw the remains of their government and space fleet. All the captains of the colony warships were given two simple orders. Return to your colony, inform them of the situation here, imprison the old government, set up a new government led by elected members of the general populous, and wait for us to send inspectors. If you cannot comply, or the colony resist, our inspectors will call in a fleet to destroy it. 
Within weeks representatives from the new colony governments started arriving to meet the commander of the invaders. Their main concern was the safety of their citizens and their freedom. All of them were shocked when they entered the diplomatic ship, because they were handed an individual gravity control. They were also amazed to see light and heavy gravity personnel working side by side. After briefings by the Exegeses diplomats and receiving a copy of the surrender terms, they departed. 
General Robertson, and a few of the other Planetary Outpost commanders observed the proceedings. One commented to Robertson, “War ain't what it used to be. Planning, tactics, technology, and surprise are the keys now. The last planetary war I observed took eight years of attrition until one side surrendered.”
Robertson replied, “You're right. Sector 23 was conquered faster because we were infiltrated, and enough intelligence collected that we never stood a chance. My old government at least had enough common sense to surrender while they were still alive. Surrender by dying is stupid.” 

# (ToC) #


About the Author
{My claim to fame, written by someone else. Thanks.} As an earthbound retiree, Stephen writes mostly science fiction and short stories. He is a voracious reader and has written for a few years, publishing his stories on Smashwords. 
I've loved westerns and science fiction since I picked up my first book at the public library. 
You don't have to be a professional reader critique a story. Leave your comments either at my email address [Saturn2017@gmail.com], or on my Smashwords page [link]. Thanks!
I hope you enjoy them! 
