
Table of Contents
About the Author
SYNOPSIS
Title Page
Prologue
Chapter 1 Holding on to the Past
Chapter 2 The Law
Chapter 3 Chronological Problems in Relative Terms
Chapter 4 Space and Mendz revisited
Chapter 5 The Corridor
Chapter 6 The Mall
Chapter 7 The Cloned Death Squad
Chapter 8 Trouble in Mall Paradise
Chapter 9 Anyway Out!
Chapter 10 Back at WSAS, a Stroke of Luck!
Chapter 11 The Truth revealed
Chapter12 How to Stop Mendz before He Gains Control
Chapter 13 Abduction
Chapter 14 The Anonymous Caller
Chapter 15 Unwanted Meeting with the Drug Master
Chapter 16 Locked in the Mendz Lab
Chapter 17 Bluff or Call
Chapter 18 The Final Showdown
Chapter 19 The ChaseChapter 20 Farewell to Olympus...Gods No more
Chapter 21 The Antidote, Three on a match is bad luck?
Chapter 22 The Journey back through Nebula
Chapter 23 Home There's No Place like Home
Epilogue
The End
Disclaimer and Copyright
About the Author
Rosey Frost is an author of vision, and to some extent an optimist. Sometimes he is a philosopher. This is not the first book, and probably not the last that Frost has completed. He had worked before authoring news reports as a professional journalist in Western America and dealt with every daily reality imaginable.
Obsessed with the struggle of man to survive in his modern environment and the lack of interest in solving the problems faced by future generations, Frost was quite disillusioned by a system that only talked about what faced mankind in the time ahead.
He ended his career as a journalist and without any monetary means left, found himself in a struggle for his own self-survival. He joined the armed services where he faced the problem of involvement in nothing less than a war of beliefs.
After his tenure as professional soldier, he realized the fruitless efforts of making war against his brothers was not the solution and again put pen to paper. This time not as a member of the free press, but as a writer of novels intended to be entertaining as well as delivering some message of hope for the future.
SYNOPSIS
International Space Station II Astronaut Timothy Grace is chosen from a field of volunteers as the perfect subject to test “Eternity 1.”
Developed by the Mendz Laboratories, the drug is nothing more than a small blue pill with white lettering. After legal and proper experimentation, the government of the 22nd Century is convinced the program is safe and would be a “benefit to the human condition.” A formal test of the drug on a single human subject is granted.
The world is drastically plagued by shortages and in need of technological advancements that would sustain life, but many of the critics are doubtful of the worth of the new project. Many are not sure that it will even work and with the expected results as outlined by its inventor Doctor Antonovich Mendz.
Prior to Grace, all test subjects were animal and had no “soul.” Grace will be the first man to explore his “Fountain of Youth.”
Mendz, however, finds a flaw in the “Eternity 1” formula shortly before the scheduled test and does not reveal the error to the public in an effort to keep the project “alive.” He later develops a more stable formula and takes it himself to prove his opponents wrong, but the fate of the first subject, Grace, is not known.
It becomes a battle of life and death between the two, Grace and Mendz, in a confrontation that will change the course of mankind’s future.






Farewell Forever Starlight Wish




By Rosey Frost









Prologue
Man has ventured into the vastness of space, breached the sound barrier and conquered the depths of the sea. He has always tried to go farther, faster and achieve more than he did the day before. It is human nature to want to achieve and man possesses an indefinable will to learn and an even more unsuppressed desire to know.
It is strange that in the massive flow of what is termed modern civilization that man has all but ignored the one question that regulates his every physical reality...time. Perhaps while having a lack of it!
Without time nothing would move forward and hypothetically backward either. But as the course of the day unfolds each is faced with the same problem, man struggles in his environment with the sad realization that he "comes up short" with this all important factor. Whether it be for the absence of a week to take off and go on vacation or simply to stop the day's hectic routine and drink that quiet, relaxing cup of coffee, the planet goes nowhere without time.
Then it can be said that it is outstanding to look back and unbiased review the already accomplished accomplishments of modern man.
Sometime in the near future man will stop and go ahead on a new horizon. He will breach the barrier of time. Many believe time travel not possible. Many say that this dimension in not tangible and therefore out of reach, but man will in the future someday sit down and take time to drink that all important coffee and discover his fountain of youth.
He will stop time in the very real sense and the physical reality in which only he exists. He will overcome the process of growing old and learn the meaning of life eternal.
This story, like all stories, does have a beginning and an end. The year of the breakthrough comes in 2127 AD. Through the gene encryption of the worm, man discovered the code to his own existence and later developed a age-halting formula that he quickly placed in the simple form of a pill.
It was equally quickly decided that a volunteer would be necessary to test this idea, not without the danger of failure in mind, and also that this volunteer must completely understand and be prepared for the possibilities of his attempt to stay forever young.
Naturally this was not just a weekend stay in the Comfort Inn or a trip in orbit around the earth.
This was a forever question.
The hero in this story came from the ranks of NASA and the ISS (International Space Station) II. Timothy Grace, veteran astronaut of numerous ISS II missions came out of the random computer generated as the most qualified to take the blue test pill...appropriately called Eternity 1. The 35-year-old was physically tested and retested, but the drug he took would prove to be his final test.
Ponce de Leon had attempted to find his eternal “Fountain of Youth,” but that was another time and another story. His voyage was just legend.
Most skeptics had assumed the Eternity 1 project was a hoax, and not ready to perform its purpose or really just not feasible. The results were more than any of the experts had expected or even lived to tell about.
Chapter 1 Holding on to the Past
2142 Repair mission on ISS II (Second Series International Space Station)
"Houston you are breaking up. Not reading you clearly. It seems to be a communications disturbance. Be advised I am deploying the gravity weld now to the panel. The panel seems to be again 100% operational. Will switch to solar power in next few minutes...Houston, do you copy?" said the astronaut gravely into his com-link. There was no response, not from the Houston tracking center or from his colleagues within the shuttle. Astronaut Timothy Grace felt that he was forsaken, all alone in the void of outer space as he clung to the side of the ISS II unit.
"Can anyone read me," he said. Then suddenly a beam of white light struck his space suit and he was gone...vanished. Only a blue-white static was left in his place.
Back on earth, Dorothy Grace and Rita Ulrich sat in the den and shared tea together. As Dorothy brought in the service, she explained to Rita that being married to a pair of space "addicts" was not easy. Both shared this fate, and began to laugh as they each raised their respective teacups. In the background ran the midday soap operas on the television. "Frankly, I am a bit worried about Timothy. Since he has enrolled and tested this Eternity 1 project, he has been a bit moody. I suppose everything will be fine when he gets back. He is up there (in space) on a repair mission, I suppose that was it. He hates maintenance flights," she said in confidence to her closest friend.
Rita was aware that Timothy had tested the Eternity 1 drug. She did not want to disrupt the quaint atmosphere by asking Dorothy questions regarding her marriage status as she was bound in life to the earth's first potential immortal. But what was about to take place would more than disturb the two's tea drinking.
They were not long engaged in extolling in their lives as astronaut's wives as a message came over the normal programming on the television: "We interrupt normal programming to bring you breaking news. Astronaut Timothy Grace disappeared with no trace today while working on the International Space Station II. NASA officials cannot explain his sudden vanishing, but they are not ruling out external forces. Grace, chosen as the forerunner in the Eternity 1 program, was on a standard repair mission when what the officials are terming an 'accident' occurred."
As Dorothy heard the news, she went into an almost immediate state of shock. Rita was now hugging her as both were crying hysterically.
Out on the streets large television monitors spread the news as pedestrians who were conducting business stopped in their tracks to listen to the report. The nation was shocked as well.
1882 Somewhere in the mid-west of developing America.
"Don't tell me I dealt five aces," said Jake, "That was a fair-and-square game. I have two pair, aces and queens." Tim just looked down at his cards. Tipping his buffalo hat back, he stared at the pot of three double-eagle gold $20 pieces and then he twitched his lips and said to Jake,
"Nobody has a doubt that you are a fair man, because I have four-of-a-kind."
With that Tim placed his cards on the table one at a time, counting all four kings as he laid them side by side and then reached to the center of the table and collected his winnings.
An elderly, bearded man sat before his writing desk. Poised directly in front of him was an old-fashioned telephone with liftoff earpiece and built-in microphone directly over the dialer, standard 1850’s, and one of the first of its kind.
The phone rang and he picked up the earpiece placing it over his ear. “Hello Bell here,” spoke the man into the microphone, “I am sorry. I do not understand a word you are saying. Please speak directly into the microphone.” The communicated message was garbled at best. “I am sorry but you are not on a good connection,” added the man as he replaced the earpiece to its holder on the phone. “My word, I wonder when they are going to get it right,” he added in a mental note to himself.
Suddenly a white flash of light filled the hall where the poker game was being played and all was no more. The area looked like it had lain vacant for years, dust-covered and broken in time.
The antique piano had that stood next to the bar adjacent to the playing table had vanished. And almost as fast as the white light appeared, was the memory of such a game forgotten...almost as fast, but this time it was no game.

In the very distant future on a mansion estate
A tall obtrusive dark figure sat with both hands busily at work on a computer keyboard.
Surrounded by a large hall with works of art, sculptures and paintings from every imaginable epoch, the figure typed hastily into the computer, "RUN MESSIAH PROGRAM." The response was equally fast..."NO known location of MESSIAH at the present."

Approximately 600 years later, 2494, Security Containment and Holding Area of WSAS (World Scientific Associated Society).
WSAS was a facility like none other before, created by man to serve mankind. It was modern technology at its best. The halls led through a maze of laboratories for every imaginable implementation. The computer links were state of the art and the best brain center produced…ever. The center could, quite feasibly, think on its own if need be. Even the silverware in the cafeteria was of the most modern design. There was no expense spared to provide quality.
Outside a cleanup team was policing the WSAS grounds making sure all was in order.
Suddenly one of the two workers heard a stirring noise in the bush at the base of one of the old shuttle launch pads.
“Hey Earl, there is someone or something over at the shuttle pad. I heard it and I think I saw it move,” said the one to the other. Earl turned the maintenance cart they were riding on in the direction of the place his partner had pointed out.
The launch pad was overgrown with thick plants that almost consumed the entire metallic structure. It had not been used for years. When the two arrived, they found a naked man lying in the fetal position on the cement surface. He was cold in his nakedness and not in his right mind.
The two men carried him into the cart and covered him with a makeshift blanket as they transported him to the center.
The water spigot dripped endlessly and seemed to fill the room throughout as it reverberated with a throbbing pulse. It was the only sign of life that Timothy Grace had noticed for at least six hours and reminded him of some archaic form of torture. He did not know where he was, but noticed rather obviously that he could not just leave as he wanted. Much more than that was the problem of where to go if he could freely move from one place to another.
The room was dim and dark except for a single light that illuminated a very unusual table. He sat quietly at the end of an oval table that did not seem to be supported by any legs. He remembered sitting at a table but also was certain that this was not the one he had in mind. "Poker," he thought.
Probing for the conference table's supports he looked under and then went to his knees moving his hand blindly over the underside of the oval surface in an effort to ascertain how the table was standing. In the middle of his investigation, he heard a door open and close as a streak of white light pierced the room from the door and was quickly shadowed by the figure that walked through.
Somewhat embarrassed by the turn of events, Grace rose to his chair and clutched the extended hand that awaited him in greeting. "Umm, hello Mr. Grace," said the voice behind the hand, "I... I am surprised to find you are so interested in the floor." He placed a briefcase on the table with his free hand.
"It's not the floor, it is the table," responded Grace, "I don't see any legs on the table and that faucet has been leaking for quite some time. I tried to stop it but it leaks and that is the only thing I find normal about all of this." Grace was both relieved and dismayed to make such a confession to his as yet still unknown visitor. "At least you have water here. Wherever here is," he added looking around the room he had been in for more than six hours.
"Would you like a glass of water Mr. Grace?" asked the mystery person, "I am sure you have a lot of questions, and I must say I have some as well. So let's have a little conversation to better get acquainted." The tall interrogator reached in his lapel and pulled out what appeared to be a pack of cigarettes. Placing one in his mouth, he then inserted it in a small round ring wall plug.
Grace noticed this but it really did not register in his thinking process.
Then the visitor filled a glass of water from the still dripping faucet and placed it on the table taking a puff of his trick cigarette. "Now, where should we begin? Should I start or would you like to Mr. Grace," asked the man quite nonchalantly.
"Would you like a cigarette?" he asked Grace, "I saw you staring at me as I took them out of my suit jacket."
"Damn, yes...yes I would," responded Grace, who probably in his entire life smoked less than a full pack of cigarettes. The man handed him a cigarette over the legless table.
Grace took it abruptly and reached into his orange jumpsuit pocket remembering he had a pack of wooden matches. Striking the match on the table he aroused an immediate sense of concern from his visitor.
"What in the devil are you doing," insisted the man, "Here let me light it for you and put out that fire you started."
Grace extinguished the match and began to hand the cigarette back.
"No...," he said to Grace.
"No...Now what?" responded Tim, "You said you would light it for me."
"Well first you have to put it in your mouth," responded the man, "You have to moisten the filter."
"Okay," complied Grace hesitantly and placed the cigarette in his mouth and then handed it back.
Taking the cigarette from him the visitor walked again over to the round socket in the wall and placing the tobacco end in ignited it. For the first time Grace noticed a blue light coming from the wall socket with a digital readout as follows: Subject "Unknown..No record of subject after records review."
"That is a readout from my body fluid or something?," asked Grace.
"Exactly," answered the other, "Does it disturb you? To be more specific it is readout of filed DNA records. This is our first problem, just between you and I."
"Oh," answered Grace in astonishment, "Is that the norm here."
"Yes," answered the other, "Let me show you and sort of break the ice. Maybe this will help you."
The other took out another cigarette and placed it in his mouth, then in the plug. The blue light readout said: Subject "Myles D. Thomas, senior adviser to WSAS, 4675-B3822.
"Well, Mr. Thomas," said Grace.
"Yes, I must admit this is a strange way to introduce myself but I think it served its purpose," said Thomas.
"What's the "B" for?" asked Grace.
"The "B", oh that, that is my area of residence, a sort of zip code. You can understand that," responded Thomas, a dignified 65-year-old with sincere, hard blue eyes. Although Thomas was in his senior years, he moved like a much younger man.
"Well, pleased to meet you Myles D. Thomas from B3822," responded Grace dubiously, "What am I doing here?"
"Pleased to introduce myself and meet you as well," said Thomas handing Grace a document binder, "Read this. It may help to explain."
Grace looked puzzled as he took the document from Thomas and opened it on the table. Before his eyes was a historical recollection of none other than his own family tree presented in entirety as a cover page. The next page was a not too detailed life summary of Grace himself. He noted there were many areas in the chronological order that were omitted or simply not known. He believed on the latter and at best that he himself could remember. Also there was an absence of a time of death in his lifespan that disturbed him, only an entry to an estimated time of "Disappearance".
Suddenly as he read further, the astronaut's life passed before him. He was now more confused than ever and shut the document closing his eyes in disbelief. He shouted out the question, "What year is this!"
Chapter 2 the Law
Thomas looked with deep concern at Grace, who stood before him at the other end of the almost magical conference table, and felt a type of strange sympathy for the man with such a question.
"We are in the year 2494," responded the senior adviser in a somewhat somber tone to Grace's question, "I see what you have read dismayed you a little."
"Dismayed is not a word I was thinking of," said Grace from the chin as he rested it on his chest, "I don't understand all of this and I can't seem to remember anything. Not the least of which is who I am. When I read this is really the first time that it dawned to be concerned with who I really was," said Grace stressing the word 'I.'
"Can you fill me in: Tell me what has happened to me or at least attempt to explain the information you have shown me and how I came to be in this place?"
"Well that is a lot of questions to answer all at once," said Thomas, "But I will do my best. First of all you have been here for approximately seven hours. We found you crouched at the base of the old ISS (International Space Station) II launching pad. It has not been used for years now.
You were pretty out of it, almost unconscious, and when we found you were in the fetal position without a stitch of clothing uttering something about 'deal the next hand.' "
"That explains this orange jumpsuit," said Grace, "I was wondering where it came from. It is not unlike others I have worn."
"Yes and something else. In your right hand you were clutching a pack of box matches. We let you keep them. You found them earlier when you tried to light your cigarette. Remember?" asked Thomas, "You must have known you had them because you went to them right off. In your other hand were three gold $20 coins from circa 1880. Those we confiscated."
"Yes," responded Grace, "I may be a little out of sync but I can still remember what had just happened a few minutes ago. But why did you take the coins a let me keep the matches?"
"Well Mr. Grace it is the latter that has aroused our suspicion in you. You see in our time gold does not exist. In fact it has not been found on the planet for over 200 years now and it a crime against the state to possess precious metals of this type. Of course the circumstances surrounding you were strange at best. We actually just stumbled on you when someone from a cleanup team decided to check that particular pad. So you can see our dilemma. What I am interested in is your situation.
"It was not long after we tried to run a check on you based on your DNA to find out who you really were. You probably have surmised that you did not match any of our scans, as you saw from the cigarette cleanser, there was no data readout on you," added the scientist a bit bewildered.
"A cigarette cleaner is that what that thing is?," asked the now dumbfounded Grace, "So you think I am some type of spy."
"Yes to the first question. It removes all harmful particulates of the horrendous habit and keeps the smoker healthy as if he had never started smoking. I am not sure of how it will affect you but I am sure one cigarette will not kill you, especially you," Mr. Grace.
"What do you mean by "Especially me?" asked Grace.
"I am not really prepared to go into that just now. It depends on you," responded Thomas.
"Why do I feel I have heard this somewhere before? You mean I am a security risk or something. A saboteur or spy?" asked Grace again insistently.
"Roughly speaking yes," said Thomas bluntly. "But don't worry; spy is not in our vocabulary at this time. We do not really have what you would consider enemies in this time, but you have been labeled a high security risk."
"So what is going on? You are not telling me everything. There has to be more to it than just that. Three gold coins do not warrant the death penalty," said Grace angrily.
"Mr. Grace you should not be concerned with that. The death penalty has been abolished long ago. We just need you to fill in a few blanks for us... If you can," said Thomas.
"That's great you want me to fill in a few blanks. Well I will tell you straight off that there is no larger blank than the one up here and I am sure there is more to this than what you have showed me and maybe more to it than you want me to know," said Grace pointing to his forehead.
 Chapter 3 Chronological Problems in Relative Terms

Somewhere on the outskirts of the large Metropolis know as Swingtown,  again in the clandestine lab
There in the middle of the large hall rested the green blinking computer terminal. Again two hands approached the terminal, belonging to the figure of residence who owned the house and surrounding property. He sat at the desk and typed the words:
"RUN MESSIAH PROGRAM." This time the computer responded with the command, "Please enter Access Code Now to Star-bright, Starlight Wish Messiah."
A blank space for log-in was soon filled with five cluster stars and then "ACCESS GRANTED" appeared on the screen. Next the terminal blinked repeating the message line: "PROGRAM UPDATING, Please wait," and then shortly after came the result of the update: "Designated Anticipated Arrival of Messiah...CONFIRMED!"
The dark silhouette of a figure dressed in a long white robe passed his hand over the monitor slowly and then turned off the computer with a quick flick of the wrist and began to laugh an insane laugh. The picture on the screen vanished as the computer logged off. It was a picture of Grace!
Back at WSAS in Swingtown
"Okay I will be up front with you Grace. We have an enemy, but it is not one that we can even verify exists. It is more a security issue at this point," said Thomas.
"Like me," responded Grace, "So do tell. How did you manage to find out who I was before even I knew? With all your sophisticated methods failing to avail you of my identification it must not have been easy to generate a random solution in a whole world of questions."
"It was not simple and we quit honestly are not even sure that this documentation is accurate. We had hoped you could help us. We got lucky. The computer is programmed to generate accurate matches based on DNA and then if none are found proceed to random infinite pro-logic searches. We were lucky in that the list of employees of the WSAS is priority, both past and present, and the computer found you as sort of a random fluke possibility that best fit the search profile. You NASA astronaut Grace, NO ONE ELSE BUT YOU," answered Thomas, "NASA was a forerunner of our association."
"Oh so that's very relieving and yes I can maybe help you. I am starting to come out of this six-hour hangover and I can assure you I am the genuine Timothy Grace," he said definitively.
"That is a good start. Can you remember anything else that might be helpful in piecing together this puzzle?" probed Thomas further.
"Yeah, it is strange and might sound strange but I remember playing poker. That is how I came to have the coins. I won them," he said.
"That is not much to go on," responded Thomas, "Do you expect me to believe you gambled your way to us."
"Sorry but it is the best I can do. And it sounds like quite a gamble," answered Grace rhetorically almost sarcastically.
"Here take a look at this," said Thomas and handed Grace another document file. "Do you remember anything about this?"
Grace opened the document not unlike the manner in which he had opened the first and began to scan over the questionable facts or better termed contents of the papers.
The document was labeled "Top Secret" and referred to a test survey known only as "Eternity 1."
"Did you ever hear of a Doctor Antonovich Mendz?" asked Thomas.
"Yes I see his name in the folder you just handed me," said Grace suppressing his true response.
"Come, come Mr. Grace I have not got all day. Now I am sure you are not telling me the complete truth," insisted Thomas stressing you and me.
"How can you tell? Did you see my pupils dilate or something," jokingly answered Grace noticing his humor returning.
He did not expect a response but Thomas was prepared and pulled a video disk of sorts out of a wall panel that apparently opened into a video viewing monitor. "This is no joking matter Mr. Grace," said Thomas as he inserted the disk. The playback exposed a newsreel version of a report on the drug known as "Eternity 1."
The narrator in the video described it as a now historic "breakthrough!"
The video went on to describe the inventor of the drug and later market designer, a none-other-than Doctor Antonovich Mendz. "The announcement by Mendz Laboratories came today that the first drug designed to prolong life expectancy indefinitely would be ready for testing.
Contributors to the Mendz labs have commended the Doctor in his efforts and were enthusiastic about the timetable and the new timetable of life Eternity 1 proposes to offer mankind.
"An unnamed government spokesperson for the project has labeled the drug as 'a massive leap ahead in the fight against disease' but warned of the danger of the drug being used by unreliable sources. It was decided after much debate that the drug would remain in its formula form and only one test pill developed to be administered to a qualified volunteer.," so ran the report over a sequence of images from Mendz Laboratories Research and Development Branch, circa 2135.
"Have you seen enough Mr. Grace?" said Thomas as he paused the video, "Do you remember now? I can go on. I can go on to explain the nature of the original drug test and who the volunteer was or would you like to explain. It would be better if you cooperate. You signed a contract with him.
That really made news."
"I know who Mendz is or was, and yes I was that volunteer," said Grace referring to an incident now out of the pages of history, "It was like being a number in the lottery, waiting for the time you were picked. Not knowing if it would be like what you expected it to be. The news report jogged my memory."


Chapter 4 Space and Mendz revisited
Grace went on to explain his association with the Mendz project and of his exploits in space. "I was a veteran of 18 years in the space program," he began, as a now vivid memory took Thomas back over the course of nearly 400 years of recorded history in dramatic first-hand fashion.
"I started on some of the second ISS runs, the new advanced prototype that superseded the original docking station. It was the norm for people to go to and from the station and I was initially slated as nothing short of a tourist pilot for the wealthy. My first official flight was January 28, 2142. I was 26 years old and a rookie but I loved the simplicity of my job and I was the youngster in the mix." Grace went back to his fondness memory, detailing his early days as a shuttle pilot. The past came to life before Thomas' eyes and he could sense in Grace a sense of pure pioneer adventure.
Recalling the year 2142 at Nassau the Bahamas orbital earth link, January 28, 9:05 AM
"I am your Captain for today's flight plan, Captain Timothy Grace. Please fasten your G-belts and make sure that all on-board gear is secure," rang Grace's young voice over the monitor. "All cabin hatches should be closed for takeoff and all pressure suit locks engaged. Please also double check that your helmets are secure," he continued as it began to sound like a routine flight. That is exactly what it was as Grace went into final countdown pre-checks. "We of the ISS II hope your flight will be enjoyable as well as educational," he added turning off the cabin conference loudspeaker.
"All final checks in the green," said Grace talking now to launch headquarters in Florida, "All backups show green. Await final launch approval for Orbital Earth Bahamas, ISS round trip Delta Bravo 676. Do You Copy Florida?"
"This is Florida ground and tracking," responded a voice over the radio, "We copy. You are clear for launch pending final gantry check in 10 mikes. When verified, we will inform. Delta Bravo, Florida out."
"There were 13 passengers on that initial flight I made and each experienced for the first time the vastness of the universe and the feeling of being "above" the only home they ever knew. It was nothing less than a divine experience, to be a witness to what eternity had in the making. I experienced it several times. I think your report was right. I made 21 flights to the ISS II as it was known for casual tourist activity and I think about 17 repair missions."
"It was on the last repair mission. I think it was the 17th repair flight or the last recorded repair flight that I made. I do not really remember. Let's call it that. I was already 42 or should have been 42, that is when it happened. I already was three years in the Mendz program and was already having trouble coming to terms with my age," Grace remembered. He went on to explain how he was instructed to repair one of the solar panels on the ISS II and on the day of the repair flight a noticeable electronic turbulence registered on the control panel of his shuttle.
"I was outside the ISS and began to effect remaining repairs on the panel," he said. "There was this flash of light, bright white light. It ran through every portion of my body. I burned blue-white as I noticed the static field encompassing my suit as it seemed to enter every portal of my pressure suit. Then suddenly I had blackout. I do not remember anything after that point." Timothy's memory slowly faded back to the holding area where Thomas was listening intently.
"That would explain the last entry in the chronological log I gave you that we got from the computer," said Thomas back in the present, "there is no date of death listed in your file just that you disappeared while on a repair mission. You simply vanished from the radar without a trace."
"Ah ha, so what happened to me after that if I might ask?" said Grace perplexed...
"Do you have a theory?"
"The first thing you should be aware of is in the second folder. This might help answer your question," responded Thomas.
"You mean the Mendz file?" asked Grace.
"Yes," answered Thomas, "Look at the last page."
Grace flipped through the file to the end and found only two words: "PROJECT TERMINATED."
Chapter 5 the Corridor
"Is there anything else that you can remember? Anything at all," begged Thomas. Grace noticed a sense of urgency in the thru-now undaunted voice of Thomas.
"Yes I do remember where or where I thought I was after the white light stopped," said Grace.
"So where were you or where do you think you were?" asked Thomas.
"In the darkness," said Grace.
"Don't be coy. Of course you were in the dark, the darkness of space," insisted Thomas, "but tell me of how you think you got here after the accident. That is a difference of over 300 years."
"No, that's not it," answered Grace "That's not it at all. I was not in space, not as we would call above the planet. I was in another dimension. In a type of corridor, it was a corridor between maybe heaven and hell. At least I am sure it was a corridor."
Grace began to describe to Thomas his immediate reactions after the accident at the ISS II. He said he found himself naked in a long narrow corridor that lead to nowhere but was always lighted at the end by the same bright white light. Grace recalled walking for what seemed to be an eternity onward, forever forward, in direction of the light. He did not even notice his own nakedness until he reached what appeared to be an end to the corridor.
There before his eyes sat a figure of a man in a large slab stone-carved chair. The person in the chair took out a box of matches. The same matches that grace had in his possession. Using one of the matches, the figure struck it on the stone arm of the chair and ignited a large well-crafted cigar.
Grace explained to Thomas that he stared at the figure in disbelief as he watched as the entity took a deep puff from the cigar and greeted him saying, "Hello Mr. Grace. Nice to see you could come."
Grace remembered the conversation vividly. "How do you know my name," queried Grace.
"That is seemingly irrelevant don't you think as I do know who you are. Do you know who I am that would be a better question," responded the voice from the chair.
"Okay, next question, where this place is and don't tell me it is irrelevant because I am here," flustered Grace.
"Hum, so you do not know where you are. Where would you like to be?," asked the queer cigar smoker, "Don't you think that is more important."
"Stop....Stop answering my questions with questions," retorted Grace, stammering on his first word.
"Maybe you should stop asking questions and start to try to find answers then," said the voice,
"Like for example what does every man want...power, fame, or just to live forever... Isn't that more like the answer to your questions Mr. Grace?"
"Who are you anyway and what do you want with me," shouted Grace at the figure in the stone chair thinking to himself that he possessed as much intelligence as the rock he was sitting on.
"Again Mr. Grace, who I am is really of no consequence and what I want from you depends entirely on what you want," said the voice in what Grace considered to be as close to a concrete answer as he had yet to hear. "I want to get out of here and as far away from you as I can," asserted Grace.
"What if man could live forever? He would know only the value of time except in its infinite form.
What if there was no tomorrow, and no yesterday and man trudged on without ever really placing a value on his life. Now that would be boring. Would it not Mr. Grace?," said the voice.
"Who do you think you are, God or something? How can you say that is that? Life and Death, just real simple, but I am sorry go back and do it again Grace. It was not good enough the first time Grace, or it was just not meant to be," complained Grace almost maddened with anger.
"Maybe the answer is in the stars, Mr. Grace. Did you ever make a wish as a child? Did you ever wish on the stars? And what was that wish? Didn't you wish for help? I mean when you come right down to it, every wish by nature is a wish for help or you wouldn't be wishing," said the voice.
When Grace heard this he experienced a deep sense of trust for the man sitting in front of him that he could not explain.
"But nevertheless you are here. That is a reality and you are you. So you must be. You must exist in some state. Whether it is here or over there," said the voice casually pointing in different directions. "I really do not care which it may be. Remember Mr. Grace, three on a match is bad luck," added the occupant of the stone chair, handing Grace the pack of box matches that he had initially used to light his cigar.
"Then he just bid me farewell. That was all Thomas. I swear it," said Grace finishing his narration coming back to the present, "You probably think I am crazy and I don't blame you."
"Okay I see you are under some stress here and I am certainly no psychiatrist," answered Thomas, "Maybe that was enough for one day."
"But how can you explain the matches," asked Grace, "You said your tests proved conclusively that they were from the same time as the coins if not older. Then where did I get them and then there are the coins. "
"I didn't say anything about the matches, but you are correct. And as for the coins we do have museums, but it is also highly unlikely that you stole them. Maybe you just embedded this figure in the chair with me when you saw me smoke my cigarette. I don't know, but I think we both have had enough for one day. I will tell you what you want to know tomorrow. Say we will start from scratch at 10 AM.
"In the meantime, there has been a room prepared for you and a provisional bank account set up for you. If you hurry you can go to the mall and buy a few items that you might need. I have a feeling we are in the beginning of a long relationship," said Thomas taking Grace by surprise.
"So you trust me after all that we talked about. Even worse, I am beginning to think that you even believe me," mused Grace.
"Trust is not a question Mr. Grace. We have no reason not to trust you. You have nowhere to go.
The question is how you got here. For the present let's just say, you went from playing poker to repairing a space port solar panel and wound up in another dimension. Not the normal day for most, but I think I got that in the right order. Why not?" responded Thomas, handing him a slot key card to a room listed above the address line of the card. "That key card is also a provisional money card. Don't spend it all in one place, and if you should get lost there is a self-explanatory navigation chip device built in for your convenience as well. There are a few other surprises that you may need to find out for yourself included in the card's program, but take it one step at a time," added Thomas as he closed his briefcase that contained the files he had given to Grace.

Chapter 6 the Mall



Taking the card from Thomas, Grace simply said, "Thank you," as he returned to a quasi state of calm. It came merely as a surprise to him that after nearly 10 hours of interrogation and questions that he was now simply let to roam at will and .there was however always something that failed him.
He left the room and senior adviser Thomas behind and proceeded into the elevator at the end of the hall. A thousand thoughts went through his head all at the same time and all equally confusing as the last 10 hours.
Grace was suffering from a mild sense of depression and had quite extensive memory loss or so it seemed to Grace himself. It was a form of self-diagnosis, some type of self-protection to prepare him for what was ahead and with this in mind he planned his only reasonable course of action. More a means to react than counteract, Grace knew himself and what he was capable of, but he had to evaluate his present condition as best he can. He tried to follow what was in his heart and had up to now and to the best of his ability been completely truthful with Thomas.
Really, to Grace Thomas was no more than a far distant or a far removed...removed by the space of almost 300 years...working colleague, and for this reason he had nothing to fear from him. But it was quite obvious that Thomas had intentionally left him with open ends. For example, what did he mean by an enemy that could "not be verified" to even "exist?"
The word "exist" rang ever louder in Grace's psyche and ate at him like a dog on a bone. Was this all real or was it just a bad dream he was having that in a few hours would end and he would wake up in a cold sweat only to forget the whole thing? Timothy did not know what lay ahead of him, but he was sure of one thing. If the present situation were as it all seemed that would make him well over 300 years old, give or take 100 years. But why did he have such a foggy view of the years gone by? Surely there would be more to his memory than just a talk with a vague and nebulous figure in a stone chair or a poker game in the 1800's.
At least he would remember the passing of some close friend or family member, but the only evidence and recollection of things past was in the incomplete document that Thomas handed him. He did know without a shadow of a doubt that the entire thing was drug induced. The drug "Eternity 1" at this point was the only point of debarkation that Grace could determine. And he could not bring himself in the very real sense to believe that this was all simply a bad trip or was it?
Getting out of the elevator, Grace was attended by a security guard at his desk post that wished him a "good evening." Timothy walked silently out of the WASA Center and out into the "new world." It was not a feeling unaccustomed to Grace. He knew it well, every time he left the atmosphere and went forward into the vastness of space. It was always an experience, like reliving time and time again the same emotion of Columbus' discovery. It was almost his daily routine.
For the first time, he viewed the wire mesh of modernization as flying autos dominated the hectic daily activity before the close of the day's business. Looking right and then left, he reverted to the card in his hand and began to run the navigation program that Thomas had mentioned.
"How can I be of service to you today?" said a female mechanical voice from a small loudspeaker on the card. Before Grace could think to answer, it added: "My name is Dorothy. Please state clearly your planned destination."
This time Grace responded, "Dorothy I would like directions to a local shopping mall to this location." He was not sure if that was enough detailed information.
"Are you sure you do not want to go to your room first Mr. Graves?" asked the card's program.
"The name's Grace not Graves," responded Timothy, "and no I do not want to go to my room. I want to go shopping at the mall. We can go to the room after that. If you know where that is and you do not have a mistaken identity programmed in you."
"Let me confirm your reservation. Wait one moment please," responded the card and then linked directly into the hotel's reservation files, "Yes I have a room for one, confirmed at Tidings Street Inn for Mr. Timothy Grace. Sorry .about the previous mistake. It was Just probably a program glitch in my system."
"Oh so now they have computers who can repair their own mistakes," said Grace to himself,
"Wait ignore that you little chip!"
"I have stricken the remark from my attention bank, Mr. Grace," said the card.
"Thank you, “said Grace, "That was nice of you."
"The mall is 500 meters immediately to the right and then we must proceed left for 25 meters at the intersection. It will be on the left and is called Skyview Mall. I really do not understand why my banks did not have you name correct I must again apologize," remarked the computer programmed chip.















    Female Computer Companion

"It is okay. With all the confusion that I have been through today there is really no telling what to expect next," concluded Grace. By this time Tim had become accustomed to having conversations with Dorothy although she was just a machine. In the display window, was a very living portrait image of an attractive 33-year-old, brown haired, hazel eyed woman.
Walking down the street seemed all very foreign to the one-time space pioneer, but he had his course and like all highly qualified men of adventure was prepared to get to his planned destination. Turning left at a crowded intersection, he immediately caught view of the entrance to Skyview Mall, which was really as its name depicted. Seemingly dangling high above the metropolitan street on what appeared to be nothing less than suspension wires was a large round platform.
Grace looked up shading his eyes from the sun. "Is that the mall up ahead, up there?," asked Grace into the chip card.
"Yes it is Mr. Grace.," responded the card, "We are almost there. Please be prepared for weightless magnetic transport along synthetic cable cars."
Grace was familiar with the method. It was a threat he realized in his later years at NASA. They had planned to connect the ISS II along a series of synthetic cables designed from light particle studies. With the advent of the new string cable was talk about the need for future shuttle missions. They were nothing more than stretched sequences of light-bombarded coaxial covalent cables strengthened to support over 100,000 times its weight. Each cable could theoretically bear the burden of an entire city block. Of course, the elevator cable car was very fast.
Grace got in an no sooner than he said, "Mall please," was he viewing the first floor to his shopping trip some 5,000 meters above the city he was just walking through.
Chapter 7 the Cloned Death Squad
Meanwhile, on the estate of the unnamed entrepreneur sat the lone figure again at his computer terminal. He tipped into the machine, "Give known location of the Messiah." After the program blinked the "PROGRAM UPDATING" command line came the answer the man had been waiting for. Before the machine could display the response, he said "Switch to verbal command." Surrounded only by his mausoleum-like residence, the mechanical voice responded,
"Messiah’s known location at present is Skyview Mall."
"Computer, print out detailed security map of the mall's override functions," added the man.
Then he started another program on the computer as his stood up at the desk and walked into the large laboratory next to the hall that contained a mass of medical and technical instruments.
Sitting down in an examination chair, he exposed both forearms from under the robe he was wearing. He waited while two restraints automatically locked on his arms preventing him from moving. Soon, two large veils with needle-like points pierced each of his forearms. The glossy red fluid filled the vials and was transported along a massive relay of tubes until the restraints freed him and the vials receded.
He walked back into the computer hall where he reviewed the now-printed security plan from the mall. The terminal monitor was busy complying with the last command and as the program went into a series of calculations a loud rush of fluid could be heard coming from the adjacent laboratory.
The monitor began flashing one message line after another..."Inferno One engaged...Multiple clone replicas now in progress...Genetic Facial Alternations in effect...Eternity Chip Deactivated...Estimated Clone Lifespan...48 Hours...Clones programmed to seek and destroy.
The lab was now silent, ahead where one of the alcoves once stood open to view from the computer hall was now a large lead barrier that began to rise into its original storage location in the ceiling of the structure. As the lead door rose higher and higher, an ultra-violet beam of light could be seen coming from the area. As the light filtered away, 10 large glass casings now held bodies of duplications of the entrepreneur, each with different programmed genetic facial features. Soon the lab was filled with the living fluid that once filled the casings, as it drained into gutters on the floor.
The 10 glass cases opened and for the first time 10 pairs of eyes did so as well, only to see the robed figure standing before them.
"Find him," said the man to his squad of newborn killers. "Find him and do not come back until he is dead! He is at the Skyview Mall. Do not leave a trace of evidence and do not get caught. All the necessary issues have been resolved. "
Not saying a word, each of the nude figures in the glass vacuoles descended from their respective platforms and began to cloth themselves with body armor and equipment that was conveniently hung on 10 identical racks in a dressing area near the casings of their "birth."
Then they quickly arranged themselves into an organized body and left the estate on the wind with their mission to find and kill Timothy Grace.
Chapter 8 Trouble in Mall Paradise
Grace had left off the elevator and as he walked through a security scanner was greeted by the mall's automated program: "Welcome to Skyview Mall, we hope you enjoy your shopping experience."
He then looked at the customer directional assistance chart and found the entry "Men's Clothing, 1st Floor. He was uniquely dressed in his orange jumpsuit and wanted to discard it as soon as possible, but as he looked around him the range of variety in style was obvious. After watching passersby dressed in circular orbital pattern dresses and rocket like ensembles, he decided to test his luck with the fashion of the future. He browsed the isles until he found something that fit his taste, a pair of jeans and a brightly colored pattern shirt. Naturally socks and underwear and a few other basics including a belt were also important. He went into a fitting room where he quickly tested the fit. Clothes were still the same, he concluded, as he walked out of the fitting room again wearing his jumpsuit. Along his way he could not help but notice the flora and fauna of the beautifully decorated mall. Everywhere to see was the fresh growth of hydro gardens and the temperature was a very comfortable constant 65 degrees inside the facility.
Unaware of the time, Timothy went on shopping until it became necessary to use the facilities.
Shortly before closing, he finally located the entrance to a toilet in an adjacent hallway. He found the unusual entrance quite refreshing as a type of LCD screen illuminated the toilet's door with a relaxing moving picture of a sailboat sailing alone a quite harbor with a pristine sundown as the background. Above the doorway was a red light scroll that read simply: "Men's Room. Please Keep This Facility Clean. Thank You." It was a type of 'men's room screensaver,' and after his short lived captivation in the harbor scene, he remember his urgent purpose for originally being there. He proceeded directly to the toilet. Over the intercom he could hear the announcement,
"Please finish your last minute shopping. The mall will be closing shortly."
By this point the clones had reached the mall entrance and far beneath the platform formulated their plan to extinguish the time-traveling astronaut.
"We must wait until the mall is empty or nearly empty. He is in the men's room," said the lead clone to the others as he completed a scan of the mall platform from a device that was fastened to the forearm of his black body armor. The sun was going down and the clones had assembled out of sight of mainstream activity on the Tidings Street.
"Is he alone? We must have him alone. We cannot afford a witness. Scan the men's room again to be certain," said another.
All of the clones simultaneously looked down at their forearms on which was fastened the same link to the laboratory facility of their origin. They all patched into the computer banks and in seconds had determined that Grace was alone as he went to the toilet.
"Good...that is perfect," said the leader to the others, "Wait a few minutes. We must time it right.
Lock the toilet facility behind him before the mall closes, but make sure he is alone."
One of the clones with a special security override devise browsed the small monitor on his forearm and scrolling through a virtual map of the mall had quickly located the door to the men's room in which Grace had visited. With the click of a virtual button, the clone assured his comrades, "The door is now locked."
Unknown to Timothy far above the street scene, the door behind him was now locked from the outside, as the intercom repeated warning that the mall was closing. Timothy hurriedly finished his business and proceeded to leave the men's room with what he had thought would be sufficient time to exit the mall. To his surprise, when he attempted to exit the toilet he found the door would not open. At first he thought the door was jammed and retried to open it, this time using a bit more force. Again he was unsuccessful and began to panic. By this time the mall had all but emptied and the automated teller machines were well on their ways to calculating the day's income.
Just as the last shopper had left, came one last elevator up to the platform occupied with 10 dark forebears of death. One after another they took up position throughout the mall, each covering an exit, until the last remaining two proceeded directly to the men's room where Grace was held captive.
Timothy was aware by now that the mall was empty and had hoped a service person would find him in his predicament and eventually free him. "Is anyone there?" he shouted out to a vacant hallway, now absent of any activity. "Hello, I am locked in the men's room. I need help!" he shouted louder.
Looking out through the door of the bathroom, the empty hallway was clearly visible although when looking through the other side only the beautiful depiction of the harbor could be seen.
Suddenly, Grace detected movement outside and his hopes were raised, but something struck him as unusual. The two figures which did not hear his initial plea for assistance were well armed and had positioned themselves on either side of the hall. They were unaware that Grace could see their every move; after all they were only clones.
Grace determined quite decidedly that the ominous attendants in the hall were not there to help him. And in an effort not to arouse suspicion reverted from his petition for help and returned to the toilet area, flushing one as a diversion.
He observed the clone’s reaction as he noted that one signaled the other with thumbs up after hearing the flush.
"What should I do!" he thought confused by his situation. He was careful not to activate the voice chip's program in an effort not to bring more attention to an already dangerous encounter.
He decided that surprise was his best and only strategy. Use of a blunt instrument was now priority, as he proposed thrusting himself through the LCD glass screen and running like he had never done before.
The two clones outside pulled up on the trigger of their respective weapons ready for an assault on the men's facility.
Suddenly shattering the display, Grace came crashing through as a thousand small splinters of glass that once was the door landed on the floor in the hallway. Taking the two clones in an instant of confusion, Timothy turned up the hallway and ran back toward the shopping area.
No sooner than the glass had settled, was the malls system altered. "You have damaged mall property. If this was an actual emergency, no criminal charges will be made against you. Please insert your identification card at one of the terminal access ports," ran the security message.
The message was repeatedly made until the security system had allowed only 30 seconds before complete security lock down.
Grace was speedily and frantically running through the isles of the shopping mall with no specific destination in mind. He had narrowly avoided one and then another of his pursuers.
Activating the Dorothy chip as a last ditch effort, he shouted "How do I get out of here?" to the device.
"It appears the mall has been locked down as a security measure. It will not be as easy as breaking down the door. All the exits are now barred with a security force field to prevent access in or out," said the chip.
The clones had since become aware that things had gotten out of control. They began to take measures to cover their tracks, in a manner to allow for the successful completion of their mission.
The lead clone called to the others to gather at a rally point.
"We must cover up. Grace is still in here, but we do not have much time before mall security will transmit the incident to authority channels and we will have a mess on out hands if an investigation team arrives on the scene," he said, "Replace the damaged toilet door and override the security channel to prevent all outgoing signals. Block all attempts from the computer and shut down further security measures. We already have him where we want him. No need to overdo it."
All of the clones began working with the arm links to alleviate the situation as detailed by their leader.
Back in the hall, the thousand splitters that dotted the floor reassembled and fell back into their original location. The door screensaver was again active, but this time the ship was not smoothly gliding over the harbors calm waters, but stammered clumsily along its way.
"Then activate the mall sprinkler system and make it look like a false fire, but block outgoing attempts for fire fighters. They will think the alarm malfunctioned," said the clone to the others.
This was quite common and the most efficient course. It would erase all trace except for the Grace's body, concluded the death squad. That they would take care of personally!
Chapter 9 Anyway Out!
Grace was still trying to find a quick way out as he implored the Dorothy chip to do something.
"There has to be a way out of here. After all your primary function is to be a key," he demanded.
"Yes. My system detects that the mall security program has been disabled and in its place a fire alarm has been activated," said the chip locking in on what was nothing more than the clone's override signal. As the chip relayed the information, the mall's sprinkler system went on and it began to rain in the facility.
"If that is the case, none of the security locks on the exits will be open. They are also probably blocked with a force field, but there is one other possibility," continued Dorothy in what now was a deluge of water.
"And what might that be," inquired Grace as calmly as he could under the circumstances.
"The fire protection system shows a small ventilation window in its plan," noted Dorothy.
"And where might this window be," asked Grace sensing that he was running out of time before the clones would again find him.
"You are now standing directly below it," said the computer link in haste. "I hope this water does not damage my circuits," she added.
Grace looked up and about 250 meters overhead was a closed domed window that reflected the now approaching sundown. "Can you open it," he asked with a sense of urgency.
"Yes I think I can. One moment please," said Dorothy.
Within the space of a few seconds the automatic window began to slowly hatch open to one side. Then the glass dome jammed only halfway before it reached its completely open position Grace had hoped for.
"Well beggars can't be choosers," he said as he looked for a means to scale from the floor to the ceiling.
Standing in front of him was a mall display for yachting, "All that you need for your Yacht." To one side was also diving apparel that was predominated by a special offer for a shark repellant stun gun. The gun was displayed under a sign that read: "Do not kill our rare evolutionary seniors the next time you dive. Stun the shark and preserve nature." The gun was nothing more than a long barrel that housed a single stun rod. Grace was certain that a device used to fire under water would reach the window above.
He searched further and by the yacht display found a roll of antique boating rope. Attaching the rope to the free end of the stun rod he inserted it in the gun. He placed the weapon in its firing configuration and pointed it overhead at the half-opened window. He had only one shot and he must make it count.
As he cocked the weapon into position, the stun rod suddenly activated. Grace ignored it and fired. The rod shot up and the antique rope went along as if they were made to fit together. The shot grazed the frame of the window and the rod bounced off one side of the glass and then lodged into place between the short end of the opening.
Down below Grace tugged frantically on the rope and when he was assured it was stable begun to ascend. Hand over hand he went up, moving tenuously ever closer to the open window and his freedom.
By now the clones had reached the location by the yacht display and noticed the rope dangling as Grace struggled onward and upward. A few of the clone's shots, laser blasts, passed him as he moved up the rope. One nearly hit him on the shoulder, but landed over him, striking only the ceiling above. It exploded harmlessly, as he paused to breathe a sigh of relief. Then he looked down and immediately was confronted with his next problem.
One of the clones had begun to ascend the rope behind Grace in an effort to catch him before he reached the window. Grace was almost to the top and now left the rope in a single movement, grabbing the open frame of the window. As he pulled himself up, the clone got hold of his leg and attempted to dislodge Grace from the window frame.
Timothy kicked back and the clone fell slightly down the roped and began relentlessly climbing back in pursuit.
Grace was now able to stand above the window on the roof of the mall platform. The astronaut remembered that he still had the box matches in his jumpsuit pocket and taking them out ignited one and began to set fire to the rope he had used to escape the mall shopping area. It was too tight to dislodge by hand as the stun rod was jammed against the partially opened window and the weight of the clone on the other end rendered it impossible to deal with. Grace was now in a race against the clone and hoped the fire he started would weaken the rope to the point of snapping.
He added another and then another burning match until the fire burnt through the rope just before the clone had regained his position. The rope tore away, now ablaze, and the clone fell helplessly back to the mall showroom.
Grace took the still jammed stun rod and carefully tossed it through the opening striking the clone that now lay on the floor of the mall. The activated stun rod flashed with an electric shock that left the clone jittering on the floor.
The astronaut knew he was not out of danger yet. He was now standing unprotected on the roof of a platform some 5,000 meters high. Going over to the edge he tried to locate one of the elevators that led into the mall. He was lucky the sun was now down and the night sky distracted from the harrowing view of the depths beneath.
"Where is an elevator unit?" asked Grace.
Dorothy responded, "The nearest elevator is on a direct bisecting line from this location."
"Would you speak in normal words," pleaded Grace.
"It is on the other side of the roof," she responded.
Grace ran across the roof and located the elevator shaft. "Can you open the shaft's security lock?" shouted Grace.
"Yes I CAN!" exclaimed Dorothy, "but I need your help."
"What do I have to do?" asked Grace.
"Kick it in," responded Dorothy, "I am calculating you have a 49% chance of successfully disengaging the security lock if you hit it at the right angle."
"Oh, you are a great help" said Grace as he followed the instructions of his portable computer.
Holding on a service access hand bar on the underside of the roof, he kicked forcibly against the lock. Then again, and with the third thrust, the hatch to the elevator sprung open and he jumped in.
On the other side of the elevator window, a surprised clone turned to see Grace standing separated from him by the elevator door. Grace gave the verbal command "down please" and waved goodbye to the attacker as the elevator instantly responded.
Grace could hear the clone saying to the other squad members, "He is over here. He is getting away." The other clones ran to join him, but something strange happened that Grace witnessed just before his descent. No sooner than the the clone had said "He is getting away," did each one of the squad disintegrate, one after another. In a few seconds, all that remained was 10 piles of muddy sand on the mall floor that were soon washed away by the mall sprinkles. Not even a trace of the body armor or weapons was to be found.

Chapter 10 Back at WSAS, a Stroke of Luck
Although he was a bit revealed by his escape, he decided it was no time to let his guard down.
Grace instructed the computer chip to do everything to prevent future problems.
"Can you tell me what happened to them," he asked, referring to the clones he left above.
"From the readings I am getting, the source signal of the clones has stopped. This same source signal generated a sort of self-destruct command. It appears they were acidified terminated," she said somewhat surprised.
"Are you sure that we are not being watched or tracked?" he added.
"Yes I am sure. I have locked on to the original signal but I am unable to isolate its location.
What I can do is block all such incoming attempts. It seems the signal followed my circuit frequency. That is how they found us, but they were unable to identify what type of frequency I am using. It must have been when I looked up your room booking. That is a free-to-air circuit.
Anyone can patch in on that and then they just followed the navigation program back to us, like a back-angle," explained Dorothy.
"Wonderful! You led them to us. Is the booking at the hotel still secure?" he asked.
"I am sure the booking is secure. Strangely enough the signal that followed us ignored looking into the hotel's banks or was unaware of its nature and as it has since stopped, I am sure they will not find us. I am blocking further attempts," she assured him.
"Okay! Where is my hotel...The Tidings Street Inn?" he asked.
"Yes we are only a couple of blocks from it. We are at present in the middle of Tidings Street," she said.
As Grace walked into the hotel he went straight to his room, as displayed on the key computer card, Number 222. He did not even trust checking. He walked through the door after slotting Dorothy's key and breathed another sigh of relief.
Dorothy immediately emanated a green-illuminated mesh security beam and began scanning all incoming inputs. She was designed to protect Grace as well as direct him.
"The beam should not alarm you. It is only for your safety," she said sympathetically, "You must be tired. Here let me help you. I will slip into a more comfortable mode. If you require companionship I can emanate a hologram. I can be any woman you want me to be." As the chip said this, a very realistic holographic image of a beautiful redhead dressed in a sheer nightgown appeared before Grace and began massaging his forehead.
"No thank you. That won't be necessary," he blurted out, reaching up to remove the hand he felt or thought he felt on his forehead.
"Well alright then. As you wish," she responded in a very disappointed tone, "Maybe you just need some rest. You are really no fun. My program needs to relax as well you know. You never pay attention to me."
In a few minutes, Grace went into a deep sleep not remembering the attempted 'affair' by Dorothy.
Timothy awoke in his bed to the voice of the chip altering him that is now "Time to get up Mr. Grace." He awoke within the green illuminated security net still hovering around him. As he passed one hand through the field, he raised both arms and yawned as he moved to his bedside.
He then went straight into the shower, but not before he assured himself that all was secure.
"No one or nothing has attempted..." before he could finish the sentence the chip-link assured him by saying, "No Mr. Grace there were attempts made but I randomized all incoming signals and sent the searcher on a 'wild ganze chase.' Did I use this colloquialism correctly?"
"It's 'Wild GOOSE Chase,' " responded Grace, "Does this mean you are having another problem?"
"No it has been a strain on my system to scan all night and the personalized banks are not priority so that is really the only problem here. I tried to convince you last night that computers need rest too. But rest assured there is no threat. In other words, I am just a little tired," responded Dorothy.
Grace found the chip's answer to be reassuring and went on with his shower. "Do you know I actually had a dream last night? I think I should let you know that my memory is returning. You were in my dream," he said in a loud voice as he lathered himself.
"I was in your dream?" asked the chip.
"Well not really. It was my wife. I began to have memories of my home. Her name is Dorothy as well...Mrs. Dorothy Grace, " he shouted from the bathroom.
"That does not surprise me. I was programmed with a matrix random only to your profile," said the chip card in an almost jealous tone. "I hope you are pleased. If it disturbs you, you can call me Gwen or something that you see fit and I will erase Dorothy." The chip was again generating the holograph now sitting in the desk chair of the bedroom as he showered.
"No it is fine," he said as he turned off the water and finished bathing, "But I would really expect some answers from Thomas today that is what is really bothering me. His lack of concern almost got me killed yesterday evening. That was yesterday, right?"
"Yes Mr. Grace you can relax. All is as it seems, but I really would not call it a 'lack of concern' on Mr. Thomas's part. He was using you to find out what he needed to know. It was more like he used you as bait. I know that is hard to accept, but you have me to protect you and I am sure Mr. Thomas knew that as well. There really was no other way. I hope you understand," replied Dorothy back in original card mode.
"That is even worse!! That bastard set me up to get information! Of course I understand it but I don't have to like it," he retorted a bit upset in light of what he had been through.
From the shower room, Grace could not hear the room service bell that sounded in the room.
The Dorothy chip had sent for breakfast without his knowing and automatically unlocked the door allowing the cart to be rolled in. The room service attendant left as silently as he came and did not stop to wait for a tip. It was automatically booked by the card.
As Grace came out of his shower he was surprised to see the buffet before him.
"I took the liberty to order your breakfast," said Dorothy, "I hope you do not mind."
"No that's fine," he said, going to look for the bag that he salvaged from the mall, "How much time do I..., we have, before we must be at the center?"
"Approximately, one and one half hours remain before the appointment with Mr. Thomas," relayed the chip, "It is now 8:32 AM."
After breakfast Grace and his female computer friend ducked out of the hotel. The computer chip card maintained a watchful eye as they both made their way along Tidings Street to the secure center of WSAS. It was not long before they stood before the entrance to WSAS.
Grace was expected, as a team of WSAS security officials met him at the entrance. Thomas was at the head of the group. As Thomas approached, Grace pulled back his fist and punched Thomas right in the nose. The others in the group had no reaction as if it were almost expected.
"Consider that a blast from the past," he said, "I am lucky to be alive. You almost got me killed last night!"

Chapter 11 the Truth revealed

After Thomas relieved his sudden nosebleed, he and Grace left the security team behind and went toward the conference room. There they were greeted by two teens which had stopped them just before they entered.
“Hello, you two. I did not expect to see you both today. May I introduce my niece, Debbie Thomas, and her friend, Mathwell Barns. Debbie, Mathwell…Mr. Timothy Grace,” said Myles.
“Pleased to meet you,” responded Grace.
“What is wrong with your nose uncle Myles?” asked Debbie.
“Nothing I have just a little nosebleed. It will be alright,” he responded removing the handkerchief from under his still-bleeding nose.
“You know for a man that is over 300 years old, he does not look a day over 42,” Debbie said to her friend as she stared at Tim.
“Well that’s enough introductions for today. Let’s see about lunch before we continue with our business. Shall we,” said Thomas, trying to avoid the remark made by Debbie.
The dining area was alive with activity as the early lunch crowd began filing in. In the cafeteria, Tim was a bit confused. Looking at a variety of cubical, multicolored sponge like substances that were stacked carefully on a serving plate, he quickly recognized the synthetic food. Spying a bright red apple further down the line, he said, “I think I will stick to the real stuff.”
Together the foursome found a vacant table in the middle of the dining hall and sat down.
“So tell me Mathwell how you got your name?” asked Tim over lunch in an effort to make conversation.
“They projected before my birth that I possessed a high proficiency in Math. They were right. I am now responsible for much of the computer programming here in the center,” responded the youth.
“Oh I see,” said Tim, amazed by the fact he was talking to a 17-year-old, “Do you have any normal hobbies,” he asked.
“Yes I play only archaic war scenario games,” responded Mathwell, “and I always win! My motto is ‘Only Barns can Kill Barns.’”
After an exchange of small talk, Tim and Myles left the cafeteria alone to return to the conference room. The two teens continued talking at the table as they completed their midday meal.
“Before we go any further, I would like to say I am sorry for punching you,” said Tim to Myles.
“Think nothing of it,” responded Thomas, “I would have done the same. It is I that must apologize to you.”
It was not a question any longer that Thomas had not told him everything and Timothy was definitely not happy about the shopping trip encounter with the death squad.
After apologizing and laughing the incident off, it was only a matter of moments before Thomas began to explain the situation. "We have not had what you call a war on the scale that you would consider a war in well over 50 years. People have been engaged in efforts to try and control external factors that have developed on the planet such as shortages and the climate. It is really united efforts designed to free mankind from the dependence on mother earth and in the same time replenish her. That is the basis of the building you are in. It is not called the World Scientific Associated Society for nothing.
"Of course, we do have crime and we have reserved a security branch to deal with offenders, but if a full scale war were to actually occur I really doubt the engaged parties would know how to conduct it.
"What I can tell you that I did not mention to or at least avoided completely explaining yesterday is this," said Tomas as he pointed to a computer monitor that contained a detailed list of bank and financial transactions that appeared to be ongoing and actual even as the two spoke.
"What you see here is a breakdown of unaccounted for transactions. Not that the money is unaccounted for. On the contrary, the money is directed and redirected to it seems one specific source client, one that we cannot identify. If we cannot find out who is doing this, we cannot stop it," he continued.
"So what is so strange about that? Many businesses and entrepreneurs prefer to remain anonymous regarding online operations," replied Graves.
"Yes in essence that is true, but not for over 200 years," responded Thomas, "The accounts we are tracking are unexplainable. You see the problem is each time we think we know from where the money originated and then where it is anticipated to go, we encounter the same thing. The account is connected somehow by a security hold based on the time of its original opening and in most cases over 200 years. It is like walking into a bank before closing and while waiting for your information the teller clerk posts a 'This line closed' sign in front of your nose. It is all very skillfully organized indeed and at first we thought it to be a farce!," concluded Thomas.
"That would be a problem, but I still do not see any danger or threat," added Grace.
"There you are dead wrong. Do you see this figure at the bottom," asked Thomas, pointing to a number that was growing larger by the minute resembling some type of marathon fund raiser.
"Yes," said Grace simply.
The number was well over the trillion mark, and had encroached well into the zillion (a number with 15 zeros) level.
"This number is almost unimaginable. No business or person on the planet has that much money. It is in the zillions and rapidly increasing. Estimates place it within 25% of the entire wealth of all combined monetary entities. Some of the banks with related funds have problems with interest payments. Can you imagine that? This is more power through wealth than has ever before been experienced. It is hurting the financial flow of the entire system in which it is corrupting," added Myles, "And the big problem is we cannot find out who the beneficiary is. For all intents and purposes, he, she or it should be long in the grave."
"Yes I see," said Grace.
"That is what I meant when I said yesterday that we do not have an enemy we can verify. This person does not intend to open some charity you see and he without a doubt does not want to be discovered. He is a real threat and we feel we have only started to touch the surface of the problem. Then you came into the picture," articulated Thomas.
"So you thought I was your mystery zillionaire?" asked Grace.
"Exactly, we had information on you that was strange, maybe a better word would be foreign, and we had to know if we could trust you," said Thomas.
Grace felt a bit uneasy by Thomas's last remark. He felt like a pawn.
"We monitored you through your Dorothy unit and saw the proof of what we have feared for some time now. Those clones were not paid for by the YMCA and the technology utilized is strictly forbidden," noted Thomas.
"Do you still have the YMCA?" asked Grace in amazement.
"No man! It's not like what it used to be. They just kept the name, but that is neither here nor there. Let us stay on imperative matters. You were, after what happened at the mall, ruled out as a security risk as we were certain no one would go through such pains to disguise his intentions," said Thomas.
"That is very relieving," said Grace sarcastically and still a bit ill at ease.
"In fact, Mr. Grace we need you!," emphasized Thomas.
"No way I am not volunteering any more for anything," answered Grace.
"I am afraid you have no choice," insisted Thomas, "Although we now believe our information to be accurate, we still cannot explain your sudden appearance here. This is just a theory. The idea may surprise you somewhat," Thomas key logged up on the screen a hypothetical explanation based on compiled facts of what Grace's sudden 'reappearance and disappearance could' mean.
"We believe that you are a random factor in this scenario. Somehow it is all related to the Eternity 1 drug. You have no real idea of any post or prior knowledge of what happened to you after the ISS II accident. We had decided to ask you to agree to a memory scan, but we found that would not be necessary. Here is the date of your disappearance," said Thomas pointing to the monitor on the year 2142.
"We have this year as our focal point, but nowhere to go from there. The computer ran a few probability scans and at first kept arriving at an infinite value, but then it found something strange.
Infinity in relation to eternity did not surprise us, but what came later only added to our doubts about you," said Thomas quite seriously.
Thomas reached into his notebook and pulled out a photograph of an archive picture dating back to the 1880's.
"Do you know who this man is Mr. Grace," asked Thomas.
"Frankly no," replied Grace, looking at the photograph of a man dressed in wardrobe fitting a gentleman from the late 19th Century.
"You see no similarity?" asked Thomas, this time more urgently and unquestionably caught off guard by the response.
As Grace took a second look at the photo his eyes widened. He found he was staring into his own eyes.
"Yes Mr. Grace!" said Thomas, observing the surprise in Grace's disposition, "It is you!
"Do you want to know what you did? It is quite intriguing and even a bit nostalgic."
"Do tell," replied Grace setting the photo on the magical gravity table with no legs.
"You Mr. Grace started the company later to become known as Hansiatic Transatlantic Grace, LTD. You had as your know associates a Thomas A. Watson and another, a Scotsman named Alexander Graham Bell. You were responsible in part for the production of one of the greatest communications breakthroughs in the history of man, the telephone! To say the least you became a very wealthy man through your telecommunications venture. That explains your poker game.
You were a gambling man and it proved profitable," said Thomas enthusiastically.
Grace sat back in his chair.
"You do not remember anything. Is that right?" asked Thomas.
"No not a thing," answered Grace.
"Then we're assuming that your past, as is the norm in most cases, hinges on your future and vice versa. In simpler terms, what was will be only if what is to come actually does," concluded Thomas, "I know that sounds a bit confusing, but it is true."
"So I am stuck here with this future whatever that may be. In this time!" said Grace disillusioned from what he had just heard.
"I did not say that exactly. Things can change and we definitively cannot rule out what the concurrent effects of Eternity 1 will be," ended Thomas as he refilled the photo that was now lying on the table.
Chapter 12 How to Stop Mendz before He Gains Control
"So what do you propose Mr. Thomas?" asked Grace reluctantly, as he now was aware that even to volunteer was not in question whether he wanted to or not.
"You are not thinking," answered Thomas, "Did it not occur to you to think of who this invisible counterpart to you is in our time?"
"No not really. I would just be satisfied if you would determine your own enemies one at a time and quite independently of me," he answered.
"Not even a vague interest in a man that could determine your own destiny...not even a vague guess. You have lost your sense of adventure," noted Thomas.
"You do not mean Mendz again?" said Thomas, "He is your threat?"
"And yours as well I'm afraid Mr. Grace," replied Thomas, "But we cannot find him. That is why we need you."
"You want me to led you to him? But I have two other questions. Have you ever heard of Dan Dare and do you believe in green men?," asked Grace.
"No, not really to both of the last questions, but yes I want you to lead us to the Doctor," answered Thomas.
"Well, that is a relief. At least I can rule out an invasion from Mars. Okay I'm in," replied Thomas, wiping his brow in a gesture to brush away sweat that did not exist.
"I do not completely understand...an invasion from Mars...There is no life on Mars," added Thomas.
"It was a comic book. I don't expect you to comprehend a joke. I said I was in," concluded Grace.
The two shook hands and began to formulate a plan based on the facts that were available.
It was clear that Grace and Mendz were counterparts in the scheme of things as it was now being played out. It was also clear to Thomas that it was no coincidence the astronaut was arrived at the point when security efforts to ascertain the identity of the mystery personage were coming to an end. The only thing left to do was formulate a means to bring Mendz out in the open.
As of now there was no feasible conjuncture open to the WSAS that could be used to determine his location, and it was just relatively recent developments that pointed the finger at Mendz as the prime suspect behind what Thomas was now calling an attempt to "buy the world." It was not without substance that he conjectured his hypothesis. Thomas was convinced Mendz was a danger, not only to the WSAS but to world harmony. Although he was aware that the Doctor had somehow managed to avoid being detected, he was far more concerned with another threat. He was sure the immortality drug had worked, but that Grace's dose had somehow backfired into an inadvertent and quite chaotic run through time, something like time travel diarrhea.
He knew that Grace was the link and the only hope in exposing Mendz. Being first and foremost a scientist and not a strategist, he could only pray that his efforts would not go in vain and Grace would not dematerialize in a doomed future owned and operated by Mendz Laboratories. Thomas, who had now somewhat of a fondness for Grace, knew that he could trust the astronaut explicitly.
"We have the information on the computer about Mendz's past: Maybe there is something there that will give us a clue," said Grace.
"I have been through that and the bank information a hundred times over and I have even tried to tie something together in my sleep," responded Thomas, "I am certain he has developed an intricate coded blocking system that can disguise his every move from being detected until it is too late.
"This is one of the problems that I am most disturbed by. The WSAS is a free intellectual entity.
Our findings are provided to people around the globe in open forum. By his nature, Mendz has undermined the trust in the society and if that is made public, we could face a global uprising of lunatic or underground intellectual flow. In our society that could be dangerous, while long established rules for in-practice technology are fragile."
"I don't completely understand what you are trying to say," responded Grace.
"You would not be wise to ignore these rules," said Thomas, "You do not like it when people ignore you. I do not like to be ignored. Just one example is the clone technology he has developed. There are many out there with other plans and formats not in accordance with WSAS standards. That could escalate to a crisis if we do not show a strong hand when dealing with Mendz. Do you understand now?" asked Thomas.
"Yes, I think I see..." responded Grace, but before he could finish his sentence a monitor in the conference room popped on and it was the Doctor this time who was doing the talking. Back in his lab, he had tapped into WSAS code channels as he had succeeded in breaching the security firewall.
"I am not ignoring either of you," said Mendz over the broadcast on the screen apparently able to listen in to their every word!
Chapter 13 Abduction
One explosion after another was heard, as the building was rocked by the impact of the blasts.
Outside in the halls of the WSAS normal business activities came to a screeching halt. Tables much smaller than the conference room table but of the same design were carrying gathered specimens and samples. Suddenly everything flew out of the hands of their bearers. WSAS workers were thrown into the walls of the halls in which they were walking through. It seemed Mr. Mendz was not willing to wait for Grace and the WSAS to make a formal house call. He had taken the upper hand and attacked the facility that was trying to stop his progress.
The dead were numerous and as the smoke had cleared another squad of Mendz's clones raged through the holes left by the explosions. This time they were heading directly to the conference room and Grace. This time they would not fail.
The security force of the WSAS was caught completely with its guard down as efforts to stop the clones proved futile. They were quick and deadly. One after another, the clones moved relentlessly ahead until they reached the conference room door. Leaving a trail of dead WSAS officials behind them, only the door separated Grace from his doom.
The two teens worried about Myles, ran in the direction of the conference room. They found him on the floor. Thomas had been knocked unconscious by one of the blasts and when he came to Grace was gone. Only the two teens and one other WSAS agent, who had followed the youngsters, were present.
With the help of Debbie and Mathwell, Thomas got back on his feet. "I am worried about Grace," said Thomas to one of his colleagues who had managed to survive the onslaught.
"He still has the Dorothy unit with him," said the other to Thomas "We can track him if she is activated."
It was now not the fact that the unit could track Grace and lead the WSAS to Mendz, but Thomas had only Grace's well-being in mind.
He reached over to the monitor that had for just in a space of a few minutes carried the Doctor's words, and switched it over to the Dorothy Program. The screen remained void of any signal. No information and no direction were made available.
Thomas had surmised the unit was inactive to remain undetected.
"At least he may have a chance when Dorothy sees that it safe to reactivate," noted Thomas, still groggy from the blast. "She is now his only hope," he added.
Chapter 14 the Anonymous Caller
It was the day after the break in, and all was slowly beginning to return to normal at WSAS.
Thomas was feeling a bit like he had failed Grace, and to some extent he had. He was hard on himself as he prepared the incident report of the abduction, using such words as “inexcusable on my part” when referring to the kidnapping of the astronaut. Not that it would matter, as Thomas was the senior adviser and there was no supervisor over him. It was just a committee of associates that would review what was in the report and stamp it as “read.”
Even with the absence of the strange newcomer, business as usual was the theme of the day. Of course the normal leads would be checked and rechecked, but Thomas lacked the vision of hope that anything would or could be traced to a tangible result. They had nothing and Mendz was free to do what he wanted with his captive.
Thomas was sitting quietly alone in the conference room drinking his morning coffee when the video phone rang. The video portion of the message was purposely left out of the incoming communication and the voice mechanically altered. Thomas nonetheless immediately realized it could only be about Grace.
The anonymous called requested a meeting with Thomas in the Lunar Bar, a cheap strip joint in Center City that was a resort for the less favorable portion of society. The caller had promised information about Mendz and his location.
“I do not have long. This may be traced, but if you want to know where your friend is we can reach an agreement. Be at the Lunar Bar at eight tonight. I will tell you what you need to know, but in return I want access to clone development technology,” said the altered voice over the phone.
“How will I know it is you if I cannot see you,” answered Thomas, thinking the request for the outdated clone data a bit strange indeed.
“Don’t you worry about that? I will find you. Just be there,” concluded the caller as he broke the communications link.
Thomas was struck with mixed emotions after the seemingly one-sided conversation. One thing he was certain of was that a gray-haired man of his stature would certainly be easy to spot in the Lunar Bar. An elegant gentleman of his years did not fit the bar’s clientele.
He thought it over, but decided not to take any backup with him. If the caller could supply information that would lead to Mendz and eventually recovering Grace from captivity, he did not want to take a chance of losing the opportunity. Any security presence could spook the mystery caller into flight and Thomas did not want to have two mistakes on his conscience in two days time. Of course he was worried about it being a setup, but the leads that the center had been following were vague at best and at worst, hopeless!
It was shortly before dusk that Thomas left a note on the conference table, one that he knew no one would read before it was too late to act, and left the center for his rendezvous with the caller.
At the Lunar Bar
Shortly before eight, Thomas arrived quite undetected in the back alley of the bar and paid the cab fare. He got out of the hovering craft and walked cautiously around to the front entrance. Outside was the normal street activity and loud ruckus caused by the unsavory guests entering the bar. Thomas noticed nothing unusual and went in.
The music was loud and every variety of girls were dancing on their seven respective platforms with very little more than their birthday suits on, much to the enjoyment of the guests mobbing around them. The air was thick and rank and smoke filled every corner of the bar, emphasized by a constant light show that illuminated the entire area.
It was not long before Thomas sighted a free place at the main bar and sat down ordering a scotch and water. The bartender looked at him rather strangely saying “A sipping man, we do not have very many mother’s milk children here. Are you sure you do not want something stronger, like our special “Lunar Blast!”
“That will even get you going and the girls will like it even more,” added the bartender, “If you catch my drift.”
“No thank you,” responded Grace, “The scotch will do just fine.”
“Okay, you’re the boss, but don’t say I did not try to give you advice,” said the bartender placing a cold glass of water next to a double shot glass of scotch on the table.
Thomas took a short drink from the scotch and looked around. There in the far corner of the bar was a lone figure concealed behind the shadow of smoke. He was looking directly at Thomas
and Thomas was certain this was his mystery caller.
The man dressed in black leather pants and a rugged, almost armor-like over shirt approached the bar where Thomas was seated.
“Mr. Thomas, I presume,” said the man with a very scratchy voice.
“Yes, what is it you have to tell me?” asked Thomas immediately.
“Well I will not explain to you why I want the clone information, but the information I will give you is exact and true. You must only assure me that the return is of equal quality. I am sure this is of enough value to you that you can supply me with what I want in return and I am not requesting a king’s ransom for your friend,” explained the stranger, “The rest is up to you.”
“At least tell me who you are. How can I be sure you are not the actor behind all of this,” said Thomas sternly.
“Would I be here out in the open if I were the man you are trying to arrest,” responded the man, "and would I not have asked for much more? My identity is of no consequence to you. I need your help just as much as you need mine.”
“Okay let me see what you have. I personally promise you if it is what I am looking for you will be well rewarded with what you want and much more,” answered Thomas quite satisfied with the answer. Up till now there was no real reason to doubt the man’s intentions were anything but sincere.
“You can find Mendz…” as the man began to speak he choked on the words he was trying to say. Then in a sudden fit of rage he reached out with both of his hands and fastened them securely around Thomas’s neck. It took Thomas by complete surprise as he began to struggle for air.
The bar was undisturbed by the incident as the bartender was in the back room taking care of inventory. Not wanting to be involved, the other guests at the front bar simply moved out of the way of the two locked in what seemed to be an irresolvable drinking dispute.
Almost as suddenly as the attack had taken place, it stopped. The man then grasped his own throat and fell to the floor. He was dead!
Thomas was now recovered from the attempt to strangle him and looked down at the dead body lying at his feet. The bartender had returned to his station by now and had seen the man fall lifelessly under the bar.
“What is with him?” asked the bartender, almost out of concern, but only worried about the business he had just lost.
“He is dead,” responded Thomas after checking for a pulse.
Coroner’s Report
The body lay at rest on a metal slab table in the coroner’s wing of the WSAS facility. The white antiseptic environment surrounding the room, led one’s eyes directly to the table where the corpse was shrouded in a white cloth.
Thomas and his colleagues waited with anticipation for the coroner to explain the results of the autopsy. He began to explain to the scientists gathered around the table as he removed the white sheet only to expose the lifeless naked body of Thomas’s mystery caller.
“What you are looking at gentlemen is not human. At least it is not completely. He is or better stated was a clone,“ said the coroner much to the surprise of his audience.
“He had somehow developed a resistance to an annoying lifespan chip that had been incorporated into his biological functions. The technology is foreign to me, but this particular clone had outlived his planned life expectancy by more than a week. He was not created with much more than a 48 hour purpose,” added the coroner as he removed his wire-rimmed glasses and pointed to a point at the base of the brain of the corpse where the chip had been inserted.
“That is why he wanted the clone technology files. He just wanted to live. Something in him really short-circuited. My neck is still feeling the effects. Can we use his system functions to trace the place of his origins,” asked Thomas, “There must be some data stored in the chip. It is mechanical.”
“I am afraid that is impossible,” responded the coroner, “It is impossible while when the clone’s biological functions stopped, so too did the mechanical ones. The chip had been cleanly erased at the time of death.”
Chapter 15 Unwanted Meeting with the Drug Master
Although the paintings that hung on the wall were of considerable worth, the majority of them seemed frozen in time by a blandness that haunted the entire area. A coldness that could be felt in every corner of every room on the estate predominated. At times the massive estate resembled a bunker complex designed to keep out all who may wander onto the premises.
"Are you familiar with the English author John Milton, Mr. Grace?" asked Mendz.
"Paradise Lost was one of his greatest works of literature. Satan was banished from the beauty of the heavens. A punishment that God saw just, as Satan was the most beautiful of all of His creations."
"Satan was desolate in his attempt to rebel and recapture the kingdom he was doomed never again to see, and in a final outrage against his punishment cried out in despair, 'It is better to reign in hell, then to serve in heaven.'"
Grace was led into the large hall of the Mendz residence with his hands bound tightly behind his back. Two clones of Mendz held him fast, one on his right and one on his left. He heard the Doctor's question. "Milton was not one of my required readings at the shuttle training center," responded Grace a little bit dazed from his captivity.
"Really it is quite a shame! If you do not understand Milton how can I hope to explain?
"Nevertheless, I will attempt to talk in simpler terms so even you can understand. First of all, you and I are in the real sense of the word immortals in a dying world. I as protagonist could be set in this play as the Antichrist. You on the other hand are both God and the Messiah wrapped into one role."
"I am honored to meet the world's first immortal Mr. Grace, finally. You do not realize how long I have searched."
"You have led a long life thanks to the knowledge I possess. If it were not for my mind you would not be here today.  It is of no consequence. Your life will soon be over."
"How rude of me, I have not properly introduced myself, perhaps in the excitement of the moment. I am Doctor Antonovich Mendz," he said, walking behind a model of a molecular structure, "Alcohol, Mr. Grace, just one miracle of nature and almost responsible for every chemical reaction within the human body," he added, referring to the model now in front of him.
"I think I am aware of whom you are and I am also aware that you are mad to want to own the entire planet. I recognize you from pictures I have seen and eventually others will as well. You will be exposed," responded Grace, "This is the first time we have met face to face."
"Naturally if you cannot see that paradise is attainable,  you cannot hope to have any claim on this future. You are quite helpless here in the future," continued the Doctor almost ignoring the fact that Grace was standing in front of him, "You must die along with this dying world, because I do not wish to share with you all that I have worked for. In Milton, Mr. Grace, Satan never did quite attain what he wanted, but it is really difficult to say what that was anyway. The story continued with eternity as the background and epoch after epoch of holy wars in the heavens for an all or nothing, winner takes all stakes. Of course, there was never really any definite winner determined by the author and very probably fittingly so," rambled Mendz.
"Hence we have the never ever ending theme that good must triumph over evil but nowhere to turn. I do not plan to fall into this trap. Not always as easy as it looks; not true Mr. Grace?"
"Get to the point Mendz. I understand what you are getting at, but just get to the point," answered Grace.
"You remember when you tested Eternity 1 and the mild aftereffects that you experienced. What you do not remember is what happened after that. I was disturbed by your sudden disappearance, as you might have imagined so were many of my contributors. Later after reviewing the formula, I found a single flaw that rendered it unstable. You disappearance Mr. Grace, was actually both a curse and a blessing."
"I was aware that the flaw may have existed before its testing, but was unwilling to share this information with the public mostly out of monetary reasons. It was worse than I thought. Actually what happened to you frankly, no one knew. Except for one person, and that person is me."
"You went through a vortex, a sort of hole in time," continued Mendz, "but I did not even know what the extent of that meant," he added.
"After I changed the formula with the alterations, I took it as an injection on myself. It functioned for me much better than in the test with you. It took time but I adapted. I learned how to exist in a secure life, able to conduct business activity and at the end of the day look back while drinking a relaxing cup of coffee. I have literally lived a span of over some 250 odd years, learning to better protect myself from the outside world while amassing a sizable value of historical as well as financial knowledge. I have led a secluded life that is true, but it was necessary. I have done some good in the time given me."
"Oh yes Mr. Grace, when you disappeared, I was there to send your wife a sympathy card or should I say the 'memory' of your wife. If I recall, she passed away in the year 2187, probably of loneliness. It was purely a platonic gesture," concluded Mendz.
Grace hunched forward when he heard the words of the madman ranting in front of him wanting only to get his hands around his throat, but he was restrained by the guards at his side.
"You have my 'sympathy' as well," added the Doctor, "You see while you have been materializing around the universe I have been very busy. Unlike you I have lived through these many long years. And in that time I have learned how to live profitability gain control of what I need and even fight disease, but earth is not what it used to be. She has been ravaged and has little more to offer besides power itself. Everything is in short supply. .oil, certain metals no longer exist...in fact the air we breathe is threatened as the sun scorches the surface with ultra violet rays.
"Did you know I now own almost a quarter of this planet's wealth and my projection is that by the year 2700 I will control over 67% of everything on earth, including the natural resources that will remain to be used. There is not much left to share anyway you see. I also control almost completely ever secure channel, including computer transmissions of all variety. There is no chance this location can be disclosed and my identity will remain a mythos with you out of the way."
"The drug was and still is what it claimed even after all the controversy, bureaucracy and the initial test on you. I saw the error and corrected it, but seclusion soon became a matter of utmost importance as I could be accidentally killed. It became the rule I live by. A rock could fall on my head or maybe some bizarre turn of fate even worse. I soon was engaged in years of debate with myself as to whether or not disease could kill me. Not the disease from our world, that never came in question, but some unknown viral strain in the life that lay ahead of me. My fears soon gave way as you see I am still here, living proof in the light of day, a testimony of what man could be...immortal for all intents and purposes."
"You mean you lived like a vampire, preying on the innocent," Grace said as he interrupted. "It does not matter now. It is a little bit late to draw comparisons on your actions. You are a very unique evil to say the least. What you have said is all very clear Mr. Mendz, you are sick, but can you answer one simple question?" he asked.
"And what may that be?" responded Mendz almost flattered by Timothy's remarks, except for the part about being sick which he ignored.
"Why am I the Messiah and you the Antichrist?" returned Grace.
"Mr. Grace, you insult both our intelligence with this question," answered the Doctor, "You stumbled on the answer even as we speak. Why you are the Messiah, because you are completely innocent. You see this is a very simple 'game' that we are playing, if you want to look at it that way, and there is only room for one 'winner.' I hold all the cards."
"Maybe you do not know all you think you know," said Grace, "I am here as well. That is something you cannot explain, even if you have expected that I may cross your path. You are either afraid of me or you need me or you would have killed me right off!"
"I assure you, I do not need you. But yes you are correct; I do not live in terms of uncertainties."
"When I answer the question of your existence then it will simply cease, and I will answer that question! It is better to be sure than sorry even in today's world. Your mind, your body, and your soul are all here because of me. Now take him away, but first let me sample my 'product.' “As the Doctor concluded his speech to Grace, he reached forward and pulled a sleeve up on Grace's arm and with a syringe drew a blood sample. As Mendz reached over to lay the sample on a table next to the desk, he brushed up against the astronaut's breast pocket and the Dorothy unit fell out onto the floor.
"And what is this, a room key to your hotel coming complete with a compliments of the house card game," said Mendz only noticing the markings of Tidings Street Inn, Room 222. The Dorothy unit had now converted into a pocket poker game that was in progress, appearing forgotten and never brought to an end by the user. "You have forgotten to call or raise. You were playing party games," laughed the Doctor, "You can take your game to your new room that I have waiting for you. It may help to entertain you in the short time you have left!" The clone guards then led him silently away to his prison as Grace grabbed the key card out of the Doctor's grasp with his bound hands. Dorothy had remained inactive throughout the entire encounter and remained undetected.
Chapter 16 Locked in the Mendz Lab
As he lay in his bed in his cell, Tim soon fell into a deep sleep. He began to dream, something he had not done since this episode in his life had begun. A strange calm came over him in his sleep and his dreams took him back to his childhood years. The days he spent alone at his favorite pond. He would spend hours skimming stones over the water.
In the dream there was something different however. He was at the pond and it was high noon.
The sun burnt high in the midday sky as he was playing along the bank of the pond. Suddenly the rock he had skillfully skipped jumped along the water and came to an abrupt halt. In the middle of the pond was not the normal oak tree that once stood proudly, but a vacant stone chair.
The chair was too large and too heavy to be supported over the water’s edge, thought young Tim, but there it was nevertheless.
The rock he had tossed stopped at the throne and sank. The stone chair was obviously out of place in the dream and beneath the level of understanding Grace could manage in his sleep.
All at once the noon sun disappeared and the stars replaced the daylight sky.
“What should I wish for,” thought young Tim. In the dream, the boy in him had wished simply for a new toy.
He was now a man. Voices, voices, he heard voices in his sleep. Was he just really dreaming or was it a real dream? He did not know where he was or when he had been there.
His perception was dull. He heard the voice of the juggler, the clown and the visage seated in the stone throne. He heard the man over the old telephone who claimed to be Graham Bell and Dr. Mendz.
He then heard the cries of animals being slaughtered, not with a knife, but with a surgical needle. Test subjects from some twisted ides. They were the grotesque reminders of a failed attempt to attain something that should not have been tried. It was doomed to fail. It was out of reach. All that was left were the deformed mutations of human deviance.
His wife and children were speaking to him but he could barely understand what they were trying to tell him. They at least could not have been dreams or so he thought. “We are not a dream daddy,” he thought he heard his daughter Bethany say. “We will all just be dead when you wake up.”
He could see her face. He could feel her presence. He heard a loud echoing scream and then it all just vanished into thin air.
This was all most confusing because if it were not for the fact that he had two sons and no daughter, he may have believed it.
Then he was awake only to find himself locked in the reality of the nightmare in which he had been living. The single light in his cell blinded him and burned in the back of his mind like the sun in his dream, bringing him back to the reality that he was alone.
It seemed like it had been days, even weeks. Grace was not sure of time. Not that he had ever been sure of time since the beginning of his escapade, but he had now lost all feeling for night and day.
He now fondly recalled the time he had first spent in the containment chamber back at WSAS and remembered the water dripping from the faucet. This cell was much worse.
He must have awaked a dozen times only to be fed by a pair of clone guards. They provided him with only enough to sustain him.
Although Grace was weakened by the events encountered somewhere deep inside he believed that all would again be well. It was at best optimism to think after all that he had been through that there was a possible solution to the walls of problems he was now surrounded by, but there was always a light of hope that burned. The undaunted will that made him what he was took over. He was not going to lose his identity and much less his life or so was his resolve in his moments of solitary thought.
It gave him a feeling of inner peace to come to the realization that there was a future, beyond the one that lay ahead of him as orchestrated by man. With only the minimum of hope, he felt that he could survive through eternity with or without Mendz, WSAS and most notably, his present prescribed life. The calm that he had experienced in the dream had somehow returned, but only in passing.
In his heart, he wished to be home. He longed for purpose to return. But each time he would wake, he knew that this was the weakness and not the action necessary to return him there. He searched reaching ever deeper into his soul, but still nothing that would free him from his captivity. In the end his hope diminished and dimmed, until it was no more.
"There is no way out! I am living as if condemned to hell before all immortality is lost;" he thought. He was nearly insane. He was lost in time, caged like an animal in an eternity without soul or meaning.
The faucet dripped, but only in another reality. The house hearth burnt somewhere, but not for him. The wife he had hoped to raise a family with was gone and all that he knew did not exist.
Soon existence itself had little meaning and his soul no value. He was void, empty of all that would be called human.
Then the little machine that had accompanied him through his turmoil gave him his hope back.
"How unusual," he thought, "Just a machine to save a life." But that was the reality of the situation.
Chapter 17 Bluff or Call
"Did you ever play cards?" Mr. Grace, whispered the Dorothy unit while reactivating her main program. She was sure that it was safe now to try to determine what had aspired in the time she was inactive. "You are back. How did you do that?," asked Grace.
"They were unable to detect my primary program. The card game disguise worked!," she responded enthusiastically and with a sense of new hope, "To put it another way it was a bluff, a calculated risk. Somehow I think I got the idea from you."
"So now what?," said Grace, "Your trick worked, but we are stuck in this dungeon prison.
Wouldn't it have been better to call in the cavalry? What I wouldn’t do right now for a good ole telephone," said Grace.
"Call the what? No, no Tim, if I was programmed with telecommunication devices we would be doomed. I am running on a bi linear matrix to this location and doing my best not to be detected.
If I had any direct communications programming, it would be easy to spot. Telephone lines are easily traced. That is why they left it out, too great of a security risk," answered Dorothy, responding to his question with only their safety in mind.
"Never mind," he said, "Think of a way out of here."
"Take the elevator. Like we did in the mall," said quickly answered back.
"Oh, yeah sure take the elevator like we were a part of a casual day of shopping. I don't think so. I been through that scenario before remember and I told Thomas I am not volunteering for anything. Are you crazy? Have you lost your chip, you stupid chip?" whispered Grace although he wanted to shout.
"Yes exactly," said the chip, ignoring the impertinence, "My trick worked once and I calculate a 97% chance that it will again. I am not programmed to be stupid, but if you like I can..."
Grace stopped the unit amid words and responded, "Okay I believe you, just explain."
"As I have said, my circuits have remained quite undetected. The card console that I had fabricated functioned as a perfect disguise. While in my active state in the Mendz computer hall, I did manage to retain a plan of this facility although location vectors prevented me from determining an exact location. I do not know why this happened, but it is at present non sequitur to the resolution of our present folly.
"The elevator I mentioned is at the end of an air conditioning duct that lies directly perpendicular to this room. That means that at some point the duct must cross over or under this prison. I am showing the former is more feasible," explained Dorothy.
"If you travel down the shaft of the air conditioning unit, it will empty out above a delivery elevator. It is more a shaft than a duct, but I am sure an average person can pass through it on all fours," she continued, "There is an access port to the duct directly on the other side of this room's door above the frame."
"And how do you propose to get the door opened? We can't just walk out of here and jump in the shaft like we want to take a short vacation," responded Grace.
"No but the 97% probability of my poker trick working again is the answer," said the Dorothy unit rather proudly.
"Oh, and what do you propose. Sit and plan poker until we win. That won't get the door open and if I know you I would lose. I really do not what to play cards with you until Mendz decides it is time for me to die," said Grace.
"No silly you won't play against me but against a clone guard. That will be our opportunity. It will serve as the distraction we need and the element of surprise will be fully in our favor. The clones could not possibly suspect that we might know where we have to go to get out of here," she said.
"So if your plan for a diversion acts like a diversion, we could get out through the shaft when we find the elevator," he answered a bit dubious.
"Yes exactly," she said.
Grace sat down with the chip card in his hand and began acting like he was engaged in a serious game of poker. "Bluff or call," he screamed out loudly, then adding, "You cannot beat this hand you little chip," even louder. One of the clone guards overheard the goings on in the cell and was immediately taken in by the staged "excitement" of his prisoner.
The guard looked in through the small access slit in the door to only find Grace avidly in the middle of his hand. "What are you doing in there," said the guard.
"Are you a poker player?" asked Grace.
"No I have never played as my life expectancy is too short," answered the clone.
"Well there is always a first time. I understand the idea of having a short life expectancy myself," responded Grace, "Let me show you. You may not get another chance."
In the cold environment provided by the Doctor, the clone did not take very long to make up his mind. The clone responded with an almost childlike desire to learn something, as he quickly decided to open the cell door. He entered the room alongside Grace and looked down at the poker game.
Grace acted equally as quick and grasped a metal strut that he had removed from his cell bed and had concealed under the seat on which he was sitting. Thumping the clone with one blow over the head was enough to produce the desired effect. The clone fell to the floor dropping the Dorothy unit at his side. Grace picked the clone up and laid him in the cell bed, covering the unconscious guard with the blanket in an effort to make it appear like the cell was still occupied.
The door was still open and the astronaut picked up the chip-card and locked the door securely behind him as he left the cell. Grace immediately began going to work on removing the shaft's fenced opening. The panel jarred loose and Timothy now found himself inside the duct as he replaced the fenced, wired panel back into its original location.
Crawling along the shaft, it seemed like he would never reach his goal. Movement inside the duct was difficult and took great effort with each attempted advance due to a lack of breathing room.
Finally, Dorothy cried out, "Stop!"
Grace was not at the end of the air conditioning shaft and the service elevator was within sight.
Viewing the perpendicular shaft that housed the elevator to freedom and waiting for the moment he thought would be safe, he climbed down the crawl way ladder on the side of a wall adjacent to the his transportation out of the estate. As he reached the floor of the facility, he knew luck was with him as the delivery elevator was not in use and even better, unguarded.
There was nothing to prevent him from activating the elevator controls, but he really was unsure of which way to go...up or down??? He asked the Dorothy unit for advice.
"My systems indicate to me that we should proceed approximately 150 meters in the upward direction. Just press the top button on the control panel. That should do it," she responded. She was still having problems with navigational and/or directional equations as the plans she had copied were only two dimensional. She managed to calculate the correct escape route.













Outside and Freedom

Soon Grace came out on the surface and vaguely in the distance behind him, he could see a large structure. It was dark now and his sense of day and night had not yet returned. He had assumed it was the one of his recent captivity, but he did not wait around to find out what would happen next. Someone or something was preventing Dorothy from proper navigation; this was obvious from the number of wrong turns she had now suggested.
They walked along a path leading away from Mendz. It was all that Tim could think of:
Distance between he and the madman he left behind now probably wondering what went wrong.
Grace could see a fire was burning in the distance. It seemed to be coming from a metal drum and warming themselves by the fire were two figures of ragged appearance.
They looked at Grace, but did not speak to him. They had nothing and were obviously homeless.
Tim thought to ask the Dorothy unit how such a thing was possible with the society so advanced as it were, but reconsidered and remained silent. There were poor in his day and he had seen many people cast out on the street.
The Samaritan in him wanted to help, but there was little he could do in light of his own plight.
He realized that the insidious maniac Mendz and others like him as well were more the cause of this than anyone, but he very likely also held the key to freeing them from their condition.
Science was a crime against mankind he thought in anger of the moment.
It took them what Grace held for at least 10 hours by foot and Dorothy's constant indecisiveness as to which way to go, but they both managed to arrive back at WSAS unharmed. The encounter with the two on the way resulted in anything less than the right direction back, but nothing negative became of it.
Much to the surprise of Thomas when he heard of the astronaut's arrival, he ran an meet Grace in the hall. WSAS was now prim and proper and no trace of the attack could be found. "My word…you are back with us!" said Thomas as he approached Grace almost wanting to reach out and hug him, "I can almost not believe my eyes. How did you do it? We had no trace of you when the clones took you and no leads to follow."
"It was Dorothy. She came up the escape plan," he said, "She was really a good girl."
"Thank you Tim," responded the unit from his breast pocket a bit muffled, but also a bit embellished by the compliment.
"We have to act fast. Use Dorothy's memory and construct a path back to Mendz as best you can," said Grace handing Thomas the chip-link.
Thomas gave the unit to one of his assistants passing by in the hall with urgent instructions to plot a course back to the Mendz facility from the stored data in the chip.
He then ordered something that he had never done before. Thomas ordered the facility to full alert status and every available security officer to combat readiness!
In a time in which man had forgotten the value of his own flesh and blood came the bombs! The earth was divided by population differences. It was a bitter division that was promulgated by corruption and greed of one side’s desire to dominate the other. The classes, if it could be so defined, were two in number…the haves and have nots. This was the battlefront of the Great and Useless War. It was fought to eliminate the have nots and only succeeded in destroying all that man had previously known. Only the human divisions were all that was after the revival and rebuilding.
The haves again controlled the last large metropolis that was named in the language of the ancients. It was known as “Laude que Populi.” Both massive and modern, the residing elite enjoyed every luxury. The city dwellers were known as the Zeuglings.
The have nots inhabited the outskirts and had their own name for the city they were forbidden to enter. They call it simply “Swingtown.” It was the common name used by those who were forced to claw out their daily lives like animals. Their inheritance was the barren earth. Desolation was their quality of life.
They did not share in the beauty of Swingtown, but provided some of its basic needs.
These were the Popi as they were called. They were the ones of little value, as they could only stare at the majestic walls of the city and wonder what lay behind them.
All this was past history, but somehow Tim found that history can repeat itself as he was now forced to be an active witness of the next battle. The march on Mendz was now to pass thru the outskirts of Swingtown, but the lines of confrontation were somewhat different.

Chapter 18 the Final Showdown
"I swear it was here! Right here in this spot!" shouted Grace, standing over the area that he recognized as the location of the Mendz estate hideaway. The security team was a bit disillusioned by the turn of events. They had hoped that Grace could lead them to Mendz and the case of the unknown fanatic that they had been tracking for almost three years would be closed with his arrest. Instead the team from WSAS stood dumbfounded, some kicking stones around the reasonably barren field in which they now found themselves. If this was the right location, Mendz's estate had disappeared.
They thought up to now Mendz was just a lunatic with delusions of ruling the world...not really a criminal act...at least not in the business community. He was, up to now only insatiably rich, but the attack on the WSAS center had raised him to the most wanted man on the planet. The WSAS team was thinking as a single entity. They thought only to revenge their dead colleagues they left back at the center. Coming up with only a dusty field, lowered their moral considerably.
"But this is where it was. I am sure," said Grace to Thomas.
Thomas looked at his hand held navigator and concurred with Grace. "Although we did not get a definite fix on the location, all indications are that we are actually in the right place," he said, "I don't understand it." Thomas walked away from Grace shaking his head negatively. He began to organize the team into scan groups in an effort to find any missing clues that could give them some idea or direction in which to turn.
Thomas' back was turned to Grace and he was now standing some distance away from the astronaut when the ground under their feet began to shake. Everyone in the area had first suspected a mild earthquake was taking place in the middle of the investigation. Then Thomas turned and witnessed what the others were already starring at.
From beneath the ground, rose slowly first a roof, on which Grace happened to be standing.
Then it became quite obvious that the roof was attached to a sizable structure. It was circular and built out of a very resilient, very polished bronzed metal. It rose like a hand-greased piston until it stabilized into its final position above the surface.
Grace, well aware of what had happened, had long since jumped from the roof and was standing alongside the structure's main frame. Watching with his hand on the building's wall as it grew higher and higher, he waited until it stopped. He decided to stay concealed and wait to see what developed.
WSAS team members had now reacted by raising their weapons, pointing them in the direction
of the facility. They knew it would be futile to open fire, but they were at least ready. All those present had expected something to ensue.
Then a few moments later a door began to open where once no apparent doorway existed. Grace still on the far side of the circular structure could not see the doorway in the front, but had witnessed a similar portal's opening in his area.
From the access openings came out, one after another, armed clones. They began to assemble on an opposite plan to the WSAS security force until they well outnumbered the WSAS team.
Each was dressed in complete body armor and ready for a fight.
Then as the ranks of the clones were completely filled came one more figure out of the portal and took up position in front of the clones.
He raised his hands and looking from side to side said, "Is this what you are all looking for?" It was Mendz himself!
"So here is the battle for Paradise," laughed Mendz as he summoned an considerable number of clone soldiers to his side.
The confrontation with the clone army assembled before them was now inevitable. WSAS team force opened fired, aiming directly into the ranks of the clones. The clone forces responded in kind. Only a matter of seconds had passed and many from both sides lay dead or wounded on the field of battle as lasers blazed through the now approaching day's end.
The clones utilized some form of force shield that made it difficult for security team squad members to attain an advantage. Each shot from WSAS was to some extent partially deflected by the mob of clones that were now advancing in overwhelming numbers.
On the roof were three laser blaster positions, each manned by two of Mendz’s henchmen. They were used as a type of anti-aircraft weapon, but proved also very effective against the ground troops of the now diminished WSAS.
Chapter 19 the Chase
As Grace was still concealed on the side of the now completely risen structure that was utilized as a direct access into what was clearly the subterranean Mendz estate, he watched around a corner as the Doctor ducked out of harm's way. "Zip, zip...," one laser blast after another flashed as the battle between the makeshift security force and the clone army raged on. It was a Homeric battle, neither side gaining a clear advantage.
Between the crossfire Grace managed to follow the Doctor through the closing metal door that was nothing more than an armor-plated product of the Mendz Labs. As the door slide firmly into place Grace succeeded in squeezing through unknown and undetected by Mendz who was now quite a way ahead running down a long hallway that led into the underground estate. At no point in his captivity did Grace realize that he was actually beneath the surface, but he quickly recognized most of what he had seen and began to pursue the Doctor.
Footsteps rang out and reverberated through the hallway, when the Doctor stopped hearing more than his own steps. He turned suddenly and saw that Grace was not far behind him and called out,
"Do you honestly think this is all? My power extends far beyond the halls you are now seeing. I will be on my escape train on the 12th level and in China before you catch up to me."
Grace was closing in on him and did not pay attention to what Mendz said. He was concerned with only getting his hands on the lunatic.
The Doctor began to run in a counter direction designed to confuse his follower. Grace was unfamiliar with the area he was now in and that as a result of the planned diversion by Mendz.
Although he tried to lose him, Grace continued ever forward. They were now only meters apart and Grace jumped forward dropping his laser as he caught Mendz in mid flight of his spring. The two fell to the floor and Grace could see light from above peering through another port of entry or exit depending on the vantage point.
Grace wrestled Mendz to a halt and punched him soundly in the face. The Doctor felt the blow and raised his hand to his mouth as Graces punch rang true.
"You were saying something about China, I believe," said Timothy, now certain the Doctor had no chance of escape.
Mendz was not daunted by Grace's apparent success and tried to reach overhead to pull a light cable down. Grace did not notice the Doctor's intentions, as Mendz dislodged the cable exposing only an active electric wire. He thrust the wire into Grace's chest as the shock was just enough to force Timothy to loosen his grasp. Mendz sprung to his feet and ran up a set of stairs into the direction of the light. He gained access to the door above and opening the metal door ran out into an open field behind the battle that was still progressing on the opposite side of the building.
Grace was just coming around and recovered from the shock enough to get to his feet and again take up pursuit of Mendz.
Now both were standing alone in the field barren of life that was concealed from the activity on the other side by the structure entrance of the estate. Mendz had stopped running and was pointing his laser at Grace. "This is it!," he said, "You have caused me enough problems for one lifetime."
"You have a knack for understatement," responded Grace, raising his weapon, zeroing in on the Doctor.
Both men were standing apart from each other, opposed along a line not unlike a wild west showdown at high noon.
"Well Mr. Grace, it looks like only one of us will see tomorrow," said Mendz, configuring his laser in the firing ready mode.
Grace responded in kind.
Mendz's weapon was charged and in the green, but no shot came from the gun. Grace was alerted by the sound of the Doctor's laser as it's high-pitched charging sound was completed. It was a quick process and Grace had thought in the split second before his weapon was ready fire that he was doomed. But luck was on Grace's side as the shot he anticipated did not come. Grace aimed and fired, and in a split second the Doctor lay on the ground with a laser burn in the chest that was still smoldering.
Chapter 20 Farewell to Olympus...Gods No more
"You see Mr. Grace," said the Doctor, stunned by his wounds "There is more to this than you think.
"The blood sample I took from you indeed proved that the drug you took was stabilizing, but that was the original formula. I matched it against my gene diagram and found that the constant state of the drug was taking hold, however, that is not the complete picture. Although the drug is stabilizing, the effects are fading. I noticed it immediately after I ran the comparison. In fact, the aging process in beginning to accelerate," he continued. Grace was now kneeling at his side and supporting his head as he spoke. Mendz began to cough and blood spurted out of his mouth to his chin. "I would have had less than five years of life remaining before the drug would kill me and senility would set in much sooner than that. I have already started to feel the effects. I do not know exactly what that means to you, but you can certainly expect the same..." he began to cough as he broke sentence.
"Mr. Grace, I am sorry. I want you to know that. I have lived far too long. I am sorry and tired," he said as he began to cry.
"Don't talk. Try to stay calm," responded Tim, seeing the condition of his defeated adversary had worsened. Mendz was at death's gate and Grace felt a strange sense of sorrow come over him. His life of over 250 years was now coming to an end and ironically Grace did not know how he would go on without his guidance.
"Mr. Grace, do you remember the story I told you about Milton? Milton's Satan was a tragic hero. I hope I have played a convincing role. There is something I want you to have," said Mendz as he reached under his robe a pulled out a disk. "It is all stored on this disk. I hope it will help you. My plan would not have worked anyway. If there is hope left in this world, maybe it should be left up to mortal man to find it." With that the Doctor's head turned silently to one side and his eyes closed, he was gone and over 250 years of science died with him. Faded like the Gods from Olympus, the earth's second immortal came to the end of his mortal life. Grace was the first to experience this.
Grace took the disk out of the hand that was still clenching it. As he looked up, Thomas and the others had apparently succeeded in overcoming the clone resistance. Thomas cried out from a distance as he approached, "Timothy, are you alright!?"
"Yes I am fine," he shouted back.
Thomas was now upon the scene, nursing a shoulder wound that he received in the skirmish. He realized that Mendz was dead. He picked up the weapon that lay at the side of the Doctor's corpse.
"He won't need this anymore," said Thomas securing the gun. Then Thomas noticed something. "Tim, Mendz's weapon was not even loaded," he said, "You were lucky he forgot to check if it was loaded."
"No Myles, I do not think luck had anything to do with it," answered Tim as he stood up over the Doctor's body.

As they looked both simultaneously downward, the facial features of the Doctor had now contorted into a corpse of a man well over 150 years old. Mendz was now grotesque in appearance. It was the full effect of forced evolution. Grace reached down tearing a piece from his already torn jumpsuit leg away. He placed the cloth over the face of the body of the Doctor and walked away with Thomas, explaining to him about the disk.
"It appears we won by default," added Thomas, "I think when Mendz died; the bio-link between he and his clones was broken. The rest that were still fighting just disintegrated like those in the mall."
Chapter 21 the Antidote, Three on a match is bad luck?
"He told me before he died that he did not have long to live anyway. A reversal in the drug's effect began to take hold and that he was aging rapidly. He was to some extent already stricken by a type of senility. I am not even sure it was him talking. He was delirious," said Grace.
"So that explains why he did not load his laser," said Thomas, "He wanted to die."
"Yes apparently he felt bad enough to feel guilt and he almost made a confession to me before he died. I can't call it anything short of confession. He wanted forgiveness, but he did leave me this disk," replied Timothy, "He mentioned something about an antidote and he was under the belief that, if it worked at all, it would only work on me. Why I don't know. I am not scientifically adept in this area. It's my only hope now."
"Why," asked Thomas, "You are not feeling any side effects."
"My just being here is one huge side effect, but the Doctor was certain that the same fate awaited me as well. It may take a little longer in my case, but the same result none the less," explained Grace in a dejected voice. As he spoke, Grace began to fade, becoming almost transparent. He faded in and out and the disk did so as well. Thomas watched as his friend transfigured before his eyes.
"We have to find out what is on that disk," said Thomas to Grace, noticeably distraught by what he had just seen.
The two walked hastily back into the mansion. Ahead of them were the dead corpses left by the confrontation between the clones and WSAS security forces. As a burial detail began its work, they stepped over one body after another and as Grace and Thomas entered the mansion's computer hall there was a video playing on the computer monitor.
It was an archive video of Mendz in his younger years and the cover from the video that lay in front of the terminal was marked, "Never released Interview. March 2056."
The video skipped and kept repeating the same message as it had probably been damaged in the aftermath of the battle. The message was a few words from Mendz and was: "I dared to say the earth was round. Of course, my Fountain of Youth is not without its problems...without its problems" Over and over ran the image with the now haunting words until Grace reached down and removed the disk.
"Great, now you tell me," he blurted out, "Well let's take a look at the new version."
He replaced the disk with the one that he had just received from Mendz.
Immediately a close up shot of the Doctor appeared on the monitor. Mendz eyes were weary as he spoke. "Mr. Grace if you are viewing this I am probably dead and you have a problem. I know you do not understand, even to this point, completely what has happened to you. As you know my lifespan lasted over 250 years with the help of Eternity 1. You trusted me when you took the test drug without meeting me. Please Mr. Grace, you can trust me now that you have met me in person and I am no longer among the living.
"There is a chance that the process will occur slower in you than it did in me. It is primarily because you took the drug in its original form. I took the drug after I made alterations adapted to the formula in an effort to stabilize its workings. For me these alterations have rendered it impossible to take any form of antidote. It, in effect, means that the antidote I have developed would be inert if taken by my person.
"Of course, I could have tried painstakingly a trial and error method to find a cure for myself, but that was ruled out by the inevitable approach of senility. It may sound strange, but I simply ran out of time.
"The antidote I developed was made with you and you only in mind. If successful, it should create a reversal in the drug's now marked ill effects. In simple terms for you Mr. Grace, as the drug stabilizes the antidote will hopefully stop its final declination. Like a cure for cancer, the drug's negative side will go into remission and stop eventually.
"How long and to what extent, I do not know.
"Think positively because no one can tell exactly where you have been for the past 250 years!
With luck you may end up back as normal shuttle pilot Tim once again. My prayers go with you.
Again, I wish you luck," concluded the video as "End Transmission" appeared on the screen. As the video faded to black, Timothy sat in awe of what he had just witnessed. A small drawer opened at the end table and a red capsule was exposed with the words "Stop Eternity" written in white engraved on it.
"Oh that’s great! Timed release,” satirically shouted Grace at the top of his lungs, “The original test pill was blue," Grace remembered, as he could not help but notice the pill resting auspiciously before him, "This must be the Doctor's anti-pill."
"Yes but are you willing to take the chance. It could be a death sentence," insisted Thomas.
Ironically Tim's fate was again in Mendz's hands, even in death. He remembered the first testing of the drug that now seemed so long ago. He now remembered the day he took Eternity 1 vividly. He remembered signing the waiver forms and before testing looking up at a group of scientists dressed in white smocks standing together above him in a wired glass observation room. They stared at him rather discreetly as he digested the pill, one in particular. Grace now realized it was Mendz who was at the head of the scientists that day in the long distant past.
Coming back into the reality of the present, Grace could now only see the same eyes staring back at him again. "I have no choice. I cannot just click my heels and wish I were home," he asserted, "and I tell you I do not belong here. I want my life back and would rather not go on with the future under my present set of circumstances."
“As Time appears now a factor, Tim, you do not have much of it left. You almost faded into black a little while back. You must decide,” said Thomas in a concerned voice as he shuffled through the rubble. He found something in an adjacent room. There behind a metal door that had been jarred opened by a laser blast were a number of marked cages. Something was moving in the cages. Thomas looked into the cages, each with a number followed by a date. Some of the dates on the cage stretched back over 300 years. They housed living examples of the early test specimens the Doctor had created with his eternity drug. They were living abominations of living examples of Mendz’s failures and could no longer be recognized as being species found on this planet. It was only when Thomas found a cage that had appeared to contain a dog did he realize what he was seeing was nothing more than deformed, ageless mutations. The date on the cage was 2255, long after the first human tests were performed. He walked back over to the computer hall were Tim was still debating over his alternatives. He did not say a word to him about what he had just seen. He thought it would be better left unsaid.
Tim looked curiously at Myles as the two were now seemingly bound in friendship. "You know Myles. I feel like I have known you all my life," said Grace rather fondly to Thomas.
"Thank you. I think I'll take that as a compliment," responded Thomas, still holding his shoulder that took a laser shot in the fight.
"Are you okay?" asked Timothy a bit concerned.
"It will be fine. It just grazed me," responded Thomas with a half smile. "So I guess this is it!"
"It is the moment of truth. I am worried about this," added Thomas in a more serious tone.
"It's now or never," replied Thomas popping the pill in his mouth. He looked into the monitor and then he looked at the display on the Dorothy unit. “You have cat eyes,” he said to Dorothy as he looked at the small image portrayed as “Dorothy. This time he spoke for the first time with real intent. “…And about that offer in the hotel, it was really tempting,” he added, as he laid the small hand held computer on the table.
They both had expected something to happen, but did not know what. Then Thomas said,
"Maybe we should just bid another farewell." As Thomas spoke the words, Timothy was no longer present to hear them much less to respond to them. "He did not even say goodbye," thought Thomas in confusion. The Dorothy unit was still on the table beneath the monitor and had, if she was able to, a tear in her eye. Grace was gone with no trace of him anywhere.
Suddenly, Thomas found himself alone in the hallway back at WSAS. He was walking toward the conference room where he first met Tim, but did not know why. He opened the door to the room much in the same manner he had done about a week ago when he first met the astronaut.
This time the room was empty and Thomas had begun to forget. It was a week ago once again!
He realized he had unconsciously left his cigarettes on the conference table. He picked them up and put them in his shirt pocket. There was no sign or trace of his wound, but he felt a strange pang in his shoulder that he passed off as a result of the weather. He left the room closing the door behind him. He had no recollection of Timothy Grace or an Antonovich Mendz. He had only his future.
Chapter 22 the Journey back through Nebula
Ascending and falling, Timothy's body was not his own. He was void of form and in transit between two presents. It was the wormhole that had complete control now over his destiny. Grace was able only to see a cloud. It soon became apparent the cloud was the result of a burning cigar. Grace was certain he was now seeing or recalling the meeting with the strange entity in the stone chair.
A thousand images flashed in front of him. At the same instant, he was sitting in his den at home and then Grace had returned simultaneously again fixed on the stone chair. It stood alone now with no occupant. Not a far distance to the side stood the man or being from the corridor. Timothy did not know if it was right or left, east or west. Grace had attempted to talk with him, but his vocal cords did not function and he felt the void of speech as his tongue did not produce a single syllable. His words had no form. He could not see the face of the personage while the cigar smoke from the thick cigar he was puffing blinded any attempt of recognition like a thick fog.
"I see you have resolved your dilemma. I am pleased," said the figure or Grace thought that he heard the words coming from the direction where the figure appeared to be standing.
Suddenly, there was an endless aurora of color. Grace was dotted with brilliant, vibrant colors from every range of the spectrum...blues, reds and greens. The pattern less bursts of light continued until it had all ended in crescendo, like a grand finale.
He was again in his pressure suit, standing alone on a sand beach that reached in all directions along an infinite plane. He walked near the edge of what appeared to be incoming tides, but he did not experience the water rushing over his space boots. It was like a reflecting mirror in the sand and as he looked down and saw his reflection in the water and for the first time realized he was breathing. It was a dry air that passed through his lungs as it sustained his now revitalized metabolism.
The waves had subsided and Grace now found he was walking along the deserted beach without direction. He looked over his shoulder to find a long trail of his own footprints that he had left behind.
Ahead he caught sight of something that he had not noticed before. As he came closer, it was clear to see what he had stumbled upon was a tent standing alone as he was on the beach. It was colorful with thick red, green and orange stripes.
Grace again looked back to see the path he had just traveled and as he looked back a clown was standing directly in front of him. Then there was another clown and another, until there were three in all.
The three clowns danced in a row as Grace stood within a few feet of them viewing their performance.
As the clown in the middle broke away from the dance routine, he crouched curiously at the knees and stared at Grace without saying a word. As he pointed at the tent, the clown beckoned to the astronaut to enter.
Grace quietly reciprocated and followed the red hand that opened the tent’s entrance, pulling away the canvass material to one side. Grace looked at the clown’s red bulbous nose and red hand. Neither appeared to be makeup, but the actual part it was portraying. The red nose and the red hand were actually the red nose and red hand of the clown’s personage.
The clown simply stared at his hand and then again at Grace when he noticed how surprised the astronaut was at his appearance. Then he just raised both hands over his head and shook his head waiving his curly white hair over his eyes as he did so.
Grace now was in the middle of the large circus tent. Hung from the middle of the tent over a large stage was a banner with the words, “Life’s Circus.” Under the banner a juggler was standing tossing a number of balls. When the juggler saw Grace, he quickly collected his in-flight balls and stopped, bidding Grace to come forward.
There in the middle of the stage was placed a large cannon. The juggler was gone and the clown was again there, standing alongside of the cannon. He motioned toward Grace to get into the cannon. Grace did so without hesitation. Why he did this was unclear even to Grace himself, but the astronaut was now loaded into the barrel of the cannon. Looking out he could distinguish the red hand that led him into the tent performing a silent countdown before his eyes. Three, two and then only one red finger remained. Grace felt prepared for an imminent explosion that would propel him forward and outward, but nothing happened. He waited a moment longer, still covering his head with both hands, but still nothing.
Grace rose from the barrel of the cannon and got out. He shouted to anyone who was there willing to listen, “Nothing happened. I am thirsty!” No one responded.
He left the tent the way he came in only finding a small lemon tree with relatively large fruit outside. He looked out onto the horizon and saw that the stone chair was slightly submerged in the sand as a result of its weight. Not even noticing he was now dressed in his favorite pajamas, Grace did not think anything of it as he picked one of the lemons from the tree and bit into the sour skin.
He saw footprints in both directions and knew they were his. The beach ended abruptly as it began. Then there was only darkness. Timothy was part of the darkness. He again had no feeling and no sensation...only darkness. The stars were gone, not that they had been there in the first place. He was blind. It was a barren, void stretch of darkness...darkness and nothing else.
Then his eyesight slowly returned and the darkness was broken by light. All the other had remained pitch, but it was clear to distinguish a small dot of light that when not directly focused on could easily be missed or passed over. He could see it rise and imagined it must be a star. But as he looked closer, it became more detailed and clearer in his sight. It was beginning to assume a blue tone that soon broadened its definition alongside the white. It was round in shape. It was earth. It grew larger and larger before him as his eyes were filled with the image of the round planet almost as if his eyes and the planet were one in the same.
The stars were again fixed in place and Grace thought to himself that he must be dead. He floated in a manner unknown to him. Not even the weightlessness of space could be compared with the feeling he now experienced. It dawned on him that he had no life support, but he was still able to vaguely discern his own rhythm of breathing.
"I am dead," he said to himself. Otherwise the astronaut could not logically come to any other conclusion; he believed he was no longer alive.
Chapter 23 Home There's No Place like Home
"Frankly, I am a bit worried about Tim," said Dorothy to Rita, "That is why I invited you over for tea this evening."
"Don't worry Dot. Tim is made out of a hard stone. He will come through. I know my husband has talked about the stress they are going through at work. I'm sure that is all it is and I am sure they will both do just fine."
"Yes, I guess you are right. I did not even see him when I came home, but I think he is in bed.
He has been sleeping for quite some time and I just hope he is ready for tomorrow when he wakes. I hope he is in a good mood," added Dorothy.
"We will all be there for moral support. Don't worry," answered Rita.
The two just finished drinking tea in the den.
The next morning, Timothy awoke in his bed, the bed he knew and loved so well. He was in his bed in the house he knew and loved so well on the street where the house he knew and loved so well should be. He could almost not believe it. He looked at the wall in the adjacent study and caught sight of his NASA commendations and photos of him in his space suit that were hung proudly on the wall.
"There is no place like home," he thought. Although he could not explain an abundant presence of sand, he sprung out of the bed and went straight to the window. Looking out the bedroom window, Grace recognized the familiar front yard and the oncoming approach of the newspaper carrier that he caught sight of in the neighbor's walkway. 

He thrust the window open and poked his head out screaming down to the news boy, "What year is this?"
Looking up and greeting him taken off guard by the question, the carrier answered, "Hello Mr. Grace. It is 2145 last time I looked."
Grace was satisfied and mumbled, "At least you can still trust the newspaper."
He was sure he was home alright, although he thought, "How could this be?" Was it all a nightmare, just a bad dream that he now awoke from?
At rest on the nightstand beside the bed, he noticed were three gold $20 pieces and a partially used box of matches. "It really was, but what about Eternity 1. I remember it all," he thought or so he thought.
He ran quickly into the bathroom where he stared directly into his own eyes in the mirror that was hung on the wall. Looking deeply into his own eyes he noticed something on his chin. There in his beard was a single gray hair. He smiled a wide smile as he plucked the gray hair out.
Holding the gray hair between two fingers, he began to laugh. Loud and endlessly he laughed, so loud that he had alerted the entire house that he was awake and very probably the entire neighborhood could he him through the bathroom window.
Next he went blindly into the study and searched his files. Throwing a stack of files on the desk, he went through one file after another in a fit of panic until he came across the one he wanted; a document binder marked "Eternity 1 Test." Fear gripped him by the heart as he was reminded by the thought of the original signing of the test program's contract and the day he took the little blue pill marked "Eternity 1". He thrust the file on the desk and randomly flipped it open. In place of the contract and verifying medical documentation of the test, there before his eyes was a letter from the Mendz Labs simply informing the aforementioned volunteer, a one Timothy Grace, that the program had been terminated due to the untimely death of a one Doctor Antonovich Mendz. The letter noted that "no action on his part would be necessary, but that his appointment to test the Eternity 1 pill was immediately canceled. We of the Mendz Labs regret to inform you of the project's termination," ended the letter.
Grace began to unconsciously forget.
Uncertain of what to make of this development, Timothy decided that a relaxing breakfast with a long cup of coffee was next on the day's agenda. He was engulfed by a raging hunger, a hunger for life. He headed out of the study in direction of the stairs that led to the kitchen on the first floor. He turned with a quick merry jump holding onto the stair's railing. There in the stairway he was surprised to see his wife, who greeted him halfway on the stairs with a cake well-light by a number of burning candles.
"Have you forgotten your own birthday," said the woman to him ecstatically, "It is your favorite, Devil's Food!"
“No, not really…Oh, it’s my birthday. It’s my Birthday!!” exclaimed Time taken in by a moment of surprise.
It was true! He had almost slept through his 38th birthday and he was sure he was aging, normally.
"Well silly, aren't you going to blow out the candles and make a wish?" asked Dorothy, his wife, as she reached over the cake carefully and kissed him on the cheek. She was real. No trick image.
It was the real Dorothy, not some fabricated computer program. His wife of many years in the flesh!
Dorothy pulled back giving him room as he took in a deep breath and letting it out, extinguished the candles.
Later that evening, Tim was feeling at ease with himself and his old accustomed surroundings.
He pulled a well hand-crafted cigar out of his smoking jacket and put it under his nose. Looking out the living room window into the night sky, he gazed silently at the stars.
He then lights the cigar with a match from the box he was storing in his lapel pocket. He took a puff, fixated on the starry night. He stared at the match curiously and wondered out loud, "Three on a match is bad luck."
Dorothy walked in and clutched him at his side. "What are you doing here," she asked casually. Dorothy assured Tim they were alone. 
The two boys were asleep in bed. 
"Nothing much, just thinking of the night sky," he responded.
As the two gazed together out the window, a shooting star filled the night sky.
Ignited by the moment, Dorothy said to Tim, “That means your wish will surely come true.”
“What did you wish for this morning?" she asked moving two fingers over his shirt and scratched at his chest just over the point where the last button was fastened under the smoking.
“When I was a kid, I always wished for a new toy. If I tell you it might not come true," said Tim. Given he was never the superstitious type and he decided to say what he wished. "Do you really want to know," he said to Dorothy, "Okay I will tell you."
With that he put up his cigar on the ashtray and said to his wife, "I wished for Peace, even if it takes an eternity."
Epilogue Six months later
He was back in the normal routine, and Tim was happy in his rut. One month on, three months off and one shuttle flight after another for the interested, the nebby or the adventurous. He was prepared to make a run at the record for being the oldest person to venture into space. That was his goal! There was another positive outcome. New legislation that diverted the money paid by the space tourists, at least in part but still quite a sizable figure, was now reserved for the betterment of humanity. Research for the future in the hands of men solely dedicated to making of life on earth better. It was, for the first time, a tangible return from what had always been reserved for the further advancement of the space program, an effort only to go farther out into the unknown to find deeper, dark nothingness.
Grace was pleased that his new mission in life was as a member of resident earth and that he was at least partially responsible for the securing of its future. He had hoped that it was worth working for and evermore when he could, by the grace of God, be there to see the results. At least, he thought, his children would wake in a new and brighter tomorrow.
He was flipping stations on the TV when he came across “An Evening of Classic Comedy.” He thought it would be good to laugh. The title theme from one of the shows broadcast among the programming started with a poem: “A scientist both wise and bold set out to cure the common cold. Instead he found a power pill, that he said most certainly will…turn a lamb into a lion, like an eagle he’ll be flying…common steel would be like putty. It would work on anybody. Then they found this power pill made the strongest man quite ill. So the secret search began to find the one and only man…”
Tim turned off the television amid stream and said out loud to the blank screen, “No thank you enough of that type of thing. I am fine.” He said it more to reassure himself than to expect a response from his the void on his television.
On one of those days off, Grace decided to take a long walk. In the park, he watched as a flock of birds flew high overhead. He walked for hours until he finally happened by the location of the now closed Mendz Laboratories.
It was very familiar, not that he had ever been there before, but he remembered more than the facility in the past sense but also a strange feeling of “déjà vu.” It was almost like he knew how it would be in the future or that he had been...he stopped amid thought...."Can't be. It was just my imagination playing tricks on me," he said to himself out loud, shaking his head and putting the notion out of his mind
Then he noticed something different. At the entrance of the lab was a large bronze image. The image, a figure of a man, had a hand raised with palm in the skyward direction. The engraving under the statue read: "In memory of Doctor Antonovich Mendz, founder of the Mendz Laboratory...The future is our life." There was a further shrift written beneath the commemoration, a line from a pop song out of the 1970's, "Oz never did give nothing to the Tin man that he didn't already have."
"Isn’t that American," thought Tim, "Isn’t it the truth."
On one of those Tin man days, man may find that he already possesses the will to solve his problems. On one of those days, he "man" may sit down and take an eternity to think out the solution. He may have to overcome many obstacles, not the least of which being the confusion of his own soul, but he must resolve to see things clearly as he drinks from his coffee cup and realize that his time is short.
When he can face the question of eternity versus his lifespan, only then will he begin to understand that the only thing of value is peace. Only then will the door to eternity be open. And only when he sheds his lust for far less valuable things, will the stars grant him his wish.
THE END

Disclaimer
The persons and events depicted in this book are fictitious.
Any relation to living persons or actual events is purely coincidental.
Copyright 2007 ISBN 1-4196-7068-9 All rights reserved. Any distribution in part or whole is strictly prohibited under international law. 2017 ISBN 9781370507054




