FAULT

Book one of
The Walk

By Debra Rose
Fault
By Debra Rose
Copyright © 2019 Debra Rose
Distributed by Smashwords

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review or scholarly journal.

First Printing: 2019
ISBN: 9781005069742

Writing Roses
Grand Prairie, TX  75054
www.writingroses.com

This book is a work of fiction. All characters, names, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. Any resemblance to actual events is purely coincidental.

This book is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or unauthorized use of the material or artwork contained herein is prohibited without the express written permission of the author, except where permitted by law. For information or to obtain permission, contact Writing Roses. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is available in print at most online retailers. 



To the Edith I wrote this for before I knew her, 
and to all the other mothers, wives, daughters, sisters, 
and friends out there. 

Be strong when you need to be. You are loved. 

Contents
Intro
1  Natural Disaster
2  Emergency Alert
3  Brownout
4  Swan Lake
5  Date
6  Complacency
7  Television
8  Party
9  Dance
10  Fallout
11  Meltdown
Intermission
12  Gamble
13  Unexpected Visitor
14  Coffee
15  Box
16  Creature
17  Promotion
18  Brake
19  Kylie
20  Concussion
21  Fire
22  Release
23  Sun Flare
24  Breakfast
25  Buzz
26  Spider
27  Just for a Moment
Outro
About the Author

Intro



We became so dependent on it, so taken by it that it became ingrained in us like the oxygen we breathe. Technology. The basis of our jobs, our entertainment, our communication, our entire way of life… 
Gone.
Cell phones went first, followed by the cable and electrical lines. Funny, but there's more structure left in society than one might believe during a crisis this big. It might even be global, but we can't be sure. No one wants to say the word apocalypse, but it's in everyone's mind. It didn't come with a bang, but with a slow fizzle. One light went out, then two, then another and another until all the electricity drained away. The only hope given to us before the radios went silent was to head north. 
"There's hope in the North," they said. "In the cold."
So we walk among the thousands heading north, and we pray for salvation. In the end, we're still people struggling to continue our lives in this fallen world. We still have compassion. We still have the need to love and be loved. We help those weaker than us because our societal nature demands it, and we'll survive because our humanity holds us together.
It's the buzzing in my head that disturbs me the most. It comes as a warning right before they do. 
The little black spiders that are eating our world.


electrical fault
/fôlt/
noun
in an electric power system, a fault or fault current is any abnormal electric current
Natural Disaster



"No."
"Seriously," John said. "You can’t miss it. It's the top headline."
Edie rolled her eyes and didn't respond as she leaned back from her computer. The high wall of the cubical she sat in hid her exasperation from John. He sat in the cube beside her in a line of six, although only three were filled. Edie tilted her head to the side and waited for the response from two cubicles down, knowing Rachel would answer for her.
"Stop asking. You know she doesn't read the news," Rachel said in her soft, almost petulant voice.
Edie gave a nod no one could see and didn't bother to hide the smirk on her face. She wiped it clean when John's chair protested as it rolled across his mat, and a second later his hair shook loosely across his forehead as his head popped over the cubical wall.
"Just load the website," he said from excitement. There was a light in his eyes that rarely faded, and for a moment, Edie was jealous of his youth.
"Fine," she huffed, exaggerating her irritation for his benefit and spun her chair around to face her monitor. Her fingers flew across the keyboard as she typed in the URL and waited to see John's exciting headline, hoping to feel that same rush of emotion.

DEATH TOLL RISES AS EARTHQUAKE SETTLES

"Oh, no," Edie gasped as pictures of destruction began to load. "Where did this happen?"
"Oh my god," Rachel echoed Edie's shock from her cubical after the same webpage loaded on her computer.
"Wait. What?" John muttered as he abandoned his station to rush behind Edie, staring over her shoulder at her monitor. "This wasn't what I was talking about."
Edie clicked on the link that took her to the article and scanned the words as they appeared on her screen. An earthquake had shaken Mexico less than an hour ago, killing hundreds, possibly thousands.
"It just happened," John muttered, crowding Edie as he stood over her. His cologne was a little thick—one of the body spray varieties—and she was ready for her personal space back. She could only hold her breath for so long.
"Which headline were you talking about?" Edie asked, trying to pull his attention away from the unfolding disaster. She would rather process the horrid contents of the article on her own.
"Oh," he mumbled, and Edie glanced up to see his eyes shift to the sidebar of the webpage. After a moment, he reached out to point at one of the listed articles. "This one."

ANNUAL PERSEID METEOR SHOWER PRODUCES SEVERAL…

The rest of the text was cut off, but Edie clicked the link to solve the mystery. It was meteorites. Her knowledge on comets and meteors were slim, so she wasn't sure if this was noteworthy. She glanced at John and took her cue from his beaming smile.
"Cool," she said, smiling back. "This looks like a story I can read."
"Can you imagine…" he started as excitement peaked in his voice but was stolen as Rachel interrupted him. 
"John," she said, and he looked in Rachel's direction even though the cubical walls hid her from view. "That earthquake exposed ancient tunnel systems and at least two sealed tombs."
"What?" The word came out in an exhalation of air, and John couldn't get back to his computer fast enough. "What kind of tombs? Inca?"
Rachel scoffed. "Like I know."
Seconds later a window popped up on Edie's monitor, a notification from the Vrydek instant messenger program. Edie grinned as she read it and replied.

Rachel.Williams: Saved you. You owe me
Edith.Dawson: Thank you! I'll buy you a Coke at lunch.

Edie wouldn't call Rachel a close friend, but she certainly appreciated what she had done. Sometimes John's Discovery Channel excitement could blind him to his audience's boredom. Most people didn't share his same enthusiasm for the topic, and although Edie hadn't lied when she said she would read the article, she could only wish she felt as much passion about something so distant and intangible.
Edie's eyes shifted to a picture next to her monitor. Two young girls sat in front of a fountain and smiled up at her. Anisa's blonde bangs dangled in front of her eyes, and her two bottom teeth were missing. Kylie was offering a half-grin as she wrapped her arm around Anisa's shoulders, a rare event Edie was grateful she was able to capture. Although Anisa had her father's coloring, no one could deny they were Edie's daughters, especially Kylie with her long, dark hair and brown eyes. She was an echo of Edie when she was a young tomboy herself.
Edie reached out to let her fingertips brush against the gaudy, jeweled frame: a Mother's Day gift she cherished in all its ostentatious glory. The words "Dawson Girls" were scribbled along the bottom, written in messy glitter-glue. It shed its annoying little sparkles constantly, but Edie loved it. Her daughters were her passion, and she had no time for anything else.
John continued to ramble on behind her about the ancient tunnels the new disaster had uncovered. That reminded her of the article she promised she would read. Meteor shower? Meteorites? What was the difference? Edie rubbed her temple and sighed, deciding to hit the breakroom for a steaming cup of ambition before embarking on that journey.
As she slipped away from her desk, she never considered checking the time to see that it was straight up nine o'clock.  
Emergency Alert



Edie stood in the staff restroom, staring at the smudge of foundation lodged in a thin crevice under one eye.
"Edith," she said to her reflection as she rubbed at the uncooperative make-up. "You're a mess."
Edie's mother had gone through an old-fashioned phase when she was born, although it only lasted long enough for the ink to dry on her birth certificate, branding her with an 'old lady' name for life. She had gone by Edie ever since she could remember. In a strange cosmic coincidence, she traded her maiden name of Calderwood for Dawson when she married David, and her nickname also became her initials. Edie told herself she kept David's last name after the divorce because of their two daughters, but in truth, she simply preferred Dawson.
Edie leaned forward, pushing the hair back from her ears, searching for any pesky grays that might have popped up overnight. She had resolved to pluck the few strands that showed up every few months, praying no one would catch them before her and hoping the hair dye routine was still years away.
Edie's eyes drifted back to her face. "At least there's no crow's feet," she mumbled, satisfied with her cover up. She washed her hands and smoothed her floral shirt over her pudgy stomach, frowning at the bulge around her midsection before pulling her oversized cardigan closed. The make-up she could fix, but all her shrinking clothes were a bigger problem, and one she couldn't easily hide. She would have to do something about that. Tomorrow.
That'll do for this place, Edie thought to herself as she nodded at her reflection. She counted in her mind how many people she had spoken with today—those who might have spotted the awkward, orange smear of make-up—and came up with three. Her co-worker John, her boss Stephen Greydon, and her closest friend Cassy. Cassy for sure would have said something had she seen it, and the likelihood of the other two noticing were slim. Greydon was absorbed in his own world most of the time, and unless there was a planet on her face, John wouldn't have noticed.
Edie muttered at herself as she finally made her way to the breakroom for her coffee. The mental badgering she was giving herself died as soon as she opened the door. Sparkling green eyes met hers as the warehouse manager flashed a bright smile. 
"Good morning," Westley Thorne said as he stirred his cup of coffee.
Edie's eyes went wide as she nearly missed a step. Her response came out strangled and breathless, and a second too late. "Morning."
"Catch you off guard?" he asked as he stepped back from the coffeepot to give her room.
By that time, Edie had recovered enough to offer a smile and self-consciously pull her cardigan tighter around her. "A little. It's normally quiet in here." She cleared her throat and tried not to look at him as she beelined for a fresh cup. "How are you?"
"Every day at Vrydek is an adventure. Sales are up, so we've been swamped the past week."
Westley continued with the work chatter, but Edie couldn't concentrate. For the second time that morning, she caught a whiff of aftershave. However, the woody, almost sweet scent drifting from Westley was a stark contrast to the harsh spray John had doused himself with. Also, unlike John's, the sweet smell was quick to fade, overpowered by the coffee Edie poured.
"How's life in the annex?" Westley asked.
"Quiet as usual, but nothing to complain about," she answered as she dumped powdered creamer into her cup. She fixated on the colors blending into a smooth tan and hoped she hadn't made an ass out of herself.
"Any plans to fill the rest of the cubes?"
"What?" Edie glanced up, catching a glimpse of his eyes again before she realized what he was talking about. The annex she worked in had been tacked on to the breakroom years ago in preparation for a growing Vrydek sales team that had since been relocated to Austin. That left her small data team alone in a sea of empty, dusty cubicles. She managed a grin as she answered this time. "I hope not. I kind of like the quiet."
"Fair enough," Westley returned the smile and lifted his cup as if in toast. "I'll let you get back to it."
"Oh," Edie stammered. "I didn't mean to run you off."
The chuckle Westley returned was disarming, but his words put a twist in her gut. "No worries, Ms. Dawson. I've got a full plate out there I need to get back to. Have a good day."
This time she didn't try to stop him. As soon as the warehouse door closed behind him, her lips twisted in aggravation.
Ms. Dawson. Edie scoffed as she glanced at the clock, something she should have done before she left her desk. Westley was always in the breakroom at nine o'clock sharp for his coffee, but her conversation with John had thrown off her timing.
As Edie left the breakroom, she was once again berating herself. She wasn't avoiding Westley because she disliked him, but rather the opposite. She found him charming and attractive, and she always managed to turn into a bumbling idiot in front of him. Although she had no interest in dating anyone, she couldn't control her nerves when he was around. 
Once she was safely back in her cubicle, Edie opened her desk drawer and produced a hard caramel to pop in her mouth. She crunched the candy between her teeth and opened her daily spreadsheet. Two hours later, she was deep into her data extraction when her phone screeched. It was the loud, buzzing alarm all smartphones came equipped with and was turned on by default. At least the cell companies used the function sparingly, reserving it for AMBER alerts and severe weather emergencies they deemed dire enough to notify their entire customer base.
As Edie scrambled for her purse where her phone lay buried, the other cells phones in the annex joined in. John and Rachel were already in a mad dash to shut them up.
"The hell?" John said from the cubical behind Edie as she finally located her phone. The blaring died as she picked it up, and she stared open-mouthed at the text on her screen.

FLASH FLOOD WARxING THIS AREA TIL 153:00X PPM EDT.
AVOID FxOOD AREAS. CHExK LOCAL MxDIA. -NWS

"What?" Edie said, standing to see over the cubical walls. John did the same as they both looked toward the small front windows. There wasn't a cloud in the sky and no rain in the forecast for weeks. It had been a dry fall, and winter was still well over a month away.
John turned to her. "Does 153 o'clock come before or after lunch?"
Edie's lips were just curving into a smile when a rough voice interrupted the exchange.
"Unbelievable." 
Edie's head whipped around to see her boss standing in the doorway to his office, glaring down at his phone. "I can't believe they'd interrupt the entire city with this mess."
Stephen Greydon spun on his heel and stalked back to his desk, burying his nose in a stack of reports. Edie flicked her eyes at John, betraying her annoyance with their boss, and sank back into her chair.
"Making sure they don't disturb Stephen Greydon is their top priority," John whispered loud enough for her to hear. "I'm sure they're already sending out the PR team to smooth things over with him."
Edie stifled a giggle.
As she was popping another caramel into her mouth, her instant messenger flashed an alert. Edie sent her mouse cursor to the blinking notification, seeing it was from Cassy. The messenger program was extremely limited—company only—but Cassy worked on the other side of the building.
Edie opened the window.

Cassandra.Shale: Did you get that weird message too?

Edie typed her response, sending it through right away.

Edith.Dawson: We all did. It got Greydon steamed for some reason.
Cassandra.Shale: I don't think he needs a reason.
Cassandra.Shale: Where are we eating for lunch today?
Edith.Dawson: I don't care. No more burgers, though. I never thought I'd say this, but I'm tired of them. LOL
Cassandra.Shale: You've had them three times this week. It's no wonder.
Edith.Dawson: I know. I'm so bad.
Cassandra.Shale: How about that Italian place off 23rd?
Edith.Dawson: Sounds good. I could always go for some Alfredo.
Cassandra.Shale: That's what you said about the burgers.

Edie grinned at the screen and began to type her reply when her company phone rang. She glanced at the caller ID and her smile fled. It was Greydon.
"Yes, sir?" Edie answered.
"Come see me when you can."
The 'when you can' was only a facade of politeness. Greydon meant right then. Edie was already on her feet before she responded with "Yes, sir."
She dropped the phone in the cradle and heard John humming the Imperial March as she walked away. She crinkled her nose in apprehension and had to pause outside Greydon's door to take a deep breath and mentally steel herself.
"Yes, sir?" Edie said as she stepped inside. Greydon didn't bother to look up. His thinning, silver hair was the only thing meeting her eyes.
"I need you to compile the W.A.R. from last week. I need to step out for a bit."
Edie frowned. Normally, the W.A.R.—short for Weekly Analysis Report—was compiled and sent to the CEO by close of business on Monday. It was Wednesday. Edie wanted to ask why it hadn't been done already, but she knew better. Instead, she went the safer route. 
"Not a problem. Is there anything wrong?"
Edie knew that would get his attention. Greydon never passed up a chance to talk about himself, and his problems were just as worthy to talk about as his accomplishments. Both were equally annoying to anyone who had to listen to him.
Greydon leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms over his stout torso. His hazel eyes locked onto hers, and he exhaled dramatically. "Hannah isn't answering her phone. I need to run by the school and make sure she's okay. If that teacher of hers confiscated it again, I'm going to the school board this time. That is my property, and the school has no right to it."
Edie tried to force her features into something that resembled concern and not disgust. Hannah was his thirteen-year-old daughter, and for any other thirteen-year-old, a cell phone was a way to communicate with their friends. However, that wasn't the case for poor Hannah. Greydon kept her phone locked down and used it as a way to keep his eyes on her when he wasn't around, like a dog on a very short leash. It was disturbing. 
"Well, I hope everything is okay…" Edie attempted to back out of the conversation, assuming her mock interest quota had been fulfilled, but Greydon blustered on.
"I've gone round and round with that teacher before. If you ask me, that woman has no business watching over young children."
Edie stifled the shocked groan that wanted to rise in her throat. The way Greydon talked, it sounded as if Hannah was still in kindergarten. With two girls of her own, both younger than Hannah, Edie didn't consider thirteen to be a young child anymore. The fact that Edie could picture Greydon treating the poor girl like she was still years away from being a teenager sent a shudder of distaste down her spine. 
"Good luck." Edie did her best to make her voice sound sincere. Greydon was so self-absorbed, she didn't think he would notice if she wasn't successful. "Don't worry about the report. I'll get it emailed over this afternoon."
"Thank you, Edith," Greydon said, always calling her by her full name. He was the only one that did that. "I'm always so busy. It's hard to get to."
"I understand," Edie said and escaped back to her cube. She had the feeling Greydon would have said more, but her tolerance for his bullshit was at an end. This wasn't the first time he'd pushed his managerial duties off on the peons with the excuse he was overworked. So far, no one could figure out what he did all day. She was sure the impromptu—and unneeded—trips to check on his teenage daughter wasn't helping his workload. 
Edie shook her head in disbelief as she plopped back down in her chair and unwrapped another caramel.
Brownout



"Stupid radio," Edie muttered as she reached to change the station. The music had stopped mid-song, resulting in nothing but dead air. Cassy sat beside her in the passenger seat of her old brown sedan. The car was worn around the edges but paid off. That made it easier to replace the little things that broke—like her radio. She continued. "It keeps doing this. I think some wires are loose."
"No," Cassy shook her head, her honey-blond curls dancing around her face as Edie found a country station that worked. "It's the station that's having problems."
"But I lose more than just 99.3."
"And 102.1?" Cassy asked, her blue eyes fixed on Edie, one eyebrow raised.
"Yeah," Edie frowned, feeling a trap close around her.
"They're both owned by the same company and broadcast from the same building. You'd know that if you listened to more than that pop station," Cassy said, revealing her point with a tease.
Edie pursed her lips. "Well, it's better than this crap," she said as she turned off the hokey country song.
Cassy laughed. They left the radio off and chatted as they made their way to Burger House. It had been two weeks since Greydon first asked Edie to finish the W.A.R., and her swearing off burgers was at an end.
"So, he asked you to turn in the W.A.R. again?" Cassy asked her as they found a table.
Edie growled in frustration. "I wish he would either let me do them on Monday or turn them in himself. I swear he's only asking me on Wednesday, so Griffin thinks I'm the one that's slacking."
"Why don't you just send it back to him completed? Make him send it in?" Cassy asked, popping a fry in her mouth.
Edie's lips twisted as she thought about it. "Maybe. I don't want him getting credit for the work I do but doing it this way makes me look bad to Griffin."
"Griffin doesn't even know we exist. I don't think it matters either way."
Edie sighed as she picked up her burger. Before she took a bite, she said, "I guess I don't really want Griffin knowing I exist. I hear he's worse than Greydon." Edie forced a shudder to accompany her words.
Cassy gave her a sympathetic smile. "It's not all wine and roses on the accounting side, either."
Edie spoke around a mouthful of burger. "Sometimes I feel sick just walking into that building…"
At her words, the lights in the restaurant flickered and dimmed. Edie froze mid-chew as she looked around the room, seeing everyone else with the same stalled expression. The lights vanished for a moment before flicking back on again. The beeping and whirs of the machines sounded as they came back to life.
"Little late for brownouts," Edie said.
"Looks like someone forgot to pay the light bill."
"Ha-ha," Edie said sarcastically. That joke was too old.
"Do you still need Molly to watch the girls on Saturday?"
Edie nodded as she took a swig of her soda. Edie’s girls were only five and nine, so they were a few years away before Edie would consider allowing her oldest to hold the reins on her own. Molly, Cassy's daughter, was a convenient babysitter for when Cassy and Edie wanted to spend the day shopping, although Edie had never needed her for a night out. 
"She doesn't have to if she doesn't want to. Plenty of time to cancel."
"Oh, no," Cassy said, giving her an incredulous look. "You're going on this date, and I'll watch the girls myself if I have to."
Edie crinkled her nose and stared down at her burger. "It's not that big of a deal."
"Woman, you haven't been on a date since the divorce was final," Cassy said. "Besides, the girls are no bother, and Molly will want the extra babysitting money."
"Tell her I'll throw in a pizza for dinner, too."
"Oh, she'll love that."
They finished their meal and returned to work. Edie deflated as she entered the building, not looking forward to another four hours of sitting in her cubicle. At least Greydon had found another excuse to disappear for the afternoon. She had a feeling it was going to be slow. Just as she sat down, a cell phone alert went off from one of the cubicles. Recognizing the sound, Edie reached for her phone and waited for the buzzing to start. She silenced it a second later.

FLASH FLOOD WARxING THIS AREA BLxCK DODGE DuRAXGO.
SEEK SHELTER IMMEDIATELY. CHExK LOCAL MxDIA. -NWS 25:40 AM 

"Wow, they just keep getting weirder and weirder," Edie said as she read the message.
John chimed in behind her. "Don't care what it says as long as Greydon's getting pissed off about it."
Edie cackled. "Think he's already calling his carrier?"
"No doubt," John said, earning him another laugh. 
Edie deleted the alert and dropped her phone back in her purse. This was the third day in a row. 
Rachel emerged from her cubicle to lean against the wall between Edie and John, an act only done when Greydon was absent. She said, "I downloaded a 'Do Not Disturb' app that will turn the alerts off during certain times of the day."
"What fun is that?"
Rachel grinned in John's direction. "Not for here, but it sure helps at night."
"She's got a point," Edie offered. "Damn thing keeps waking me up. Does anyone know what's causing it yet?"
"Still haven't checked the news?" Rachel asked, turning her pretty, pale-green eyes on Edie. The way her auburn hair framed her oval face was wasted in the dingy annex.
Edie sighed with a shake of her head, hiding the envy she held for the younger woman. "The news is too depressing."
"Water damage, apparently," Rachel answered. "They said they've already taken the system offline a week ago, but somehow the alerts are still going through. Their resolution? Download the app."
Rachel held up her phone and flashed the screen at Edie. Edie laughed again, imagining a frustrated Greydon complaining about his rights. She was still giggling as she installed the app Rachel had pointed her to and began the arduous task of whiling away the time without thinking about her impending date with Kenneth. Occasionally, she would pull up his picture on her phone, but her nerves would always get the best of her and she would hide it away again. She couldn't allow her expectations to get out of control or she was sure to be disappointed. 
Swan Lake


Edie once again stared disapprovingly at her reflection. The dress had looked so perfect when she tried it on in the department store, but now she was wearing a sack. An expensive, black, ruffly sack. She fingered the offensive ruffle that fell over her cleavage and checked the time. She huffed. Too late to do anything about it now.
"Mama, you look pretty," said a small voice at the bathroom door. Edie turned to see Anisa staring up at her with round, hazel eyes. Edie grinned, not hesitating to pick her up. Anisa wrapped her spindly legs around Edie's waist and hung on. Even though she was five, she had barely broken forty pounds, and Edie was reluctant to stop babying her little girl. There wouldn't be another. Edie was already too old.
"Thank you, sweetie." Edie gave Anisa a big kiss, smearing lipstick across her forehead.
"Hey!" Anisa giggled, rubbing at the red splotch and smearing it more. "I want some!"
Edie had to hold Anisa back as little hands darted for the lipstick. "Hold up! Let Mama help you with that."
Anisa complied, standing still as Edie sat her down. Edie opened her make-up bag to drop in the deep shade of red she wore. "I think you need something lighter. Something that says, 'I'm a princess.'"
"Yes!" Anisa's eyes grew wide with excitement as Edie searched through the bag.
"Here we are." Edie smiled, pulling out a soft pink gloss. "This is the perfect Princess Anisa shade."
Anisa puckered her lips and waited as Edie applied the gloss. As soon as she was done, she rose on tiptoes to see in the mirror. Then she turned beaming eyes up to her mother. Edie couldn't help but smile.
"Beautiful," Edie said. "Now where is your sister?"
"Playing Mario Kart with Molly."
"You didn't want to play?"
Anisa shook her head as her mood shifted into a sudden pout. "I don't want to play Mario Kart. I want to watch Swan Lake."
Edie made a non-committal hum in the back of her throat and played the argument out in her head. Kylie probably swindled Molly to her side with a proposal that playing games would be more fun than watching a movie. Edie couldn't blame her. Anisa watched Swan Lake over and over and over again, and Edie only hoped the phase wore out before it drove her nuts.
"Well," Edie said, raising an eyebrow as she looked down at her little girl. "Since I won't be here tonight, you can have Molly help you watch it on my laptop—" Anisa was grinning and bouncing on her tiptoes, already turning to run from the room. Edie called after her, "But you can only use it to watch the movie!"
Anisa was gone. Edie turned to her reflection one more time before flipping off the light. She wished she could see herself the way Anisa did. The way she used to be. A prom queen who married her quarterback prom king. If only she had realized then they were too young. It was a surprise they made it last as long as they did, but where did that get her? Now, she was just a middle-aged woman in a frumpy dress.
Date


Edie's nerves didn't creep up on her until she pulled into the restaurant parking lot. Since Edie had met Kenneth through a dating app—an adventure that took months for Cassy to talk Edie into—Edie wasn't about to let him pick her up at home. Instead, she had found a restaurant with good Yelp reviews for their first meeting. If the date was a failure, she'd have a decent meal as consolation. She was early, so she sat in her car for another ten minutes before walking in. She didn't want to seem eager.
It turned out it didn't matter. Kenneth wasn't there. All it did was save her a little dignity with the restaurant employees. She sat at the bar and ordered a Diet Coke while she waited. Alcohol would not be on the menu tonight. 
Edie kept her eyes on the door, her anxiety growing. Her fragile ego wouldn't be able to take it if he stood her up. She would never touch that dating thing again, or any dating site for that matter. Better to live the rest of her life alone with her daughters than deal with the dating scene. The last thing this man wanted to do was give her time for her doubts and insecurities to eat at her, convincing her to flee. 
Ten minutes later, Edie had her purse firmly in hand and was waiting for the bartender to walk back around so she could ask for her check. She was already planning to swing by a fast-food joint on the way home instead of suffering a meal there alone.
Before she could catch the bartender's attention, a tall, heavyset man blustered in, rushing to the hostess in a dramatic jester. Edie exhaled and closed her eyes to steel herself. It didn't take more than a glance to know the pictures on Kenneth's profile were outdated. If forced to guess, she would say at least thirty pounds and five years outdated, if not more. Edie had little room to talk as far as her weight went, but at least her pictures were current. She opened her eyes to see Kenneth walking her way, a smile on his puffy lips. 
Here we go, Edie.
Edie stood, forcing a smile. In her mind, she knew Kenneth was less than fifteen minutes late, but it had seemed just short of eternity. 
"Edie?" he said as he approached, holding out his hand to her. She took it, expecting a typical handshake, but both his hands cupped hers as he stepped close.
Man, I've been out of the dating scene for too long.
Was this normal? Why did he have to stand so close? It took all her willpower not to back away.
"I'm so sorry I'm late," Kenneth started. "I'm not used to the traffic on this side of town." His breath smelled like mint, and a thick cologne wafted from him so strong it was stifling. 
Edie choked it down and lied with a smile, "You don't have to tell me twice. I barely made it on time myself."
She groaned at herself internally. Why had she said that just to make him feel better? That's what she did. That's what she always did. That's why she always tried to placate Greydon even though she hated the man. It wasn't for her job security. It was simply her.
"I believe they already have our table ready," Kenneth said, holding his hand out to allow her to go first. Edie gave him a polite nod as she followed the server to a corner booth. As soon as they were both seated, a basket of bread was placed in front of them. Edie's tummy rumbled as she stared at it, but she held back as the waiter took their drink order. Kenneth ended up reaching for the bread first, and she watched his pudgy fingers as he tore a small piece from the loaf and offered it to her. The smashed bread he held between his thick fingers didn't look as appetizing as it had before. She took it and thanked him anyway, sitting it on her plate. Her stomach protested, but she couldn't bring herself to eat it now. 
Kenneth's teeth tore into a considerably bigger hunk of unmashed bread, and he spoke around the bite in his mouth. "I really am sorry I took so long to get here. First impressions are everything, and I blew it."
His apology sounded sincere, and Edie allowed herself to relax some. "It's not a problem. It happens to all of us."
"I'm so glad you're not upset. I would have texted you, but my phone has been on the fritz. Think I'll have to get a new one."
Edie giggled, "What about all those crazy alerts we've been getting?"
"Horrible problem they've created with that, isn't it?" His shift in tone was swift, causing the hair on the back of Edie's neck to rise. "I can't believe their solution is an app to block them. This isn’t what I pay for. They need to get their problem fixed."
Edie barely managed to hold back a frown. Kenneth reminded her of Greydon at that moment, and bright red flags began waving in her brain. She nodded in agreement but let the subject drop. The uncomfortable silence that floated in afterward didn't help her nerves. 
"You know, your pictures don't do you justice," Kenneth said out of the blue. Edie blushed at the compliment. It had been a long time since she heard one. Kenneth continued, "You should have some professional shots done."
Edie blinked, unsure of how to respond and instead watched Kenneth chew. A crumb escaped as it seemed he couldn't close his mouth all the way. Wanting to ignore the creepy turn of conversation, Edie mumbled "Thank you," and buried her face in her menu. Kenneth grew silent as he followed her lead.
When the waiter delivered their drinks, Kenneth ordered a stuffed mushroom appetizer, one Edie agreed with. She studied Kenneth as he ordered, trying to find a sign of what she had found appealing in his pictures. His eyes were droopy, and he didn't have much of a neck underneath his well-manicured beard, but the beard wasn't thick enough to hide the shake of his jowls when he talked. 
Kenneth noticed her scrutiny and took it wrong, offering her a pleased smile. Edie dropped her gaze, but she had finally caught a resemblance to his pictures. The smile made his eyes crinkle at the edges, hiding their droopy bags. It also pulled his fleshy cheeks up, making his face shed a few pounds. 
There it is, Edie thought, but it wasn't enough to ease away the disappointment. 
"Have you eaten here before?" he asked her, shifting the conversation to food. Edie perked up. That was a conversation she could tolerate. They talked about favorite dishes and restaurants while Kenneth made his way through the entire loaf of bread.
"Did you not care for the bread?" he asked, motioning to the squashed bite that lay untouched on her plate. 
"Saving room," Edie answered, patting her stomach. "I hear their entrees…" Edie paused as Kenneth reached over the table and snagged the bread from her plate. Her mouth hung open as she watched him pop it into his mouth. It took a few seconds to remember she was speaking. "… are really big here."
"And the deserts are excellent. Do you like flan?" Kenneth didn't even miss a beat.
"Uh," she started, still in shock. "Sure."
What was she saying? No one liked flan. She grabbed her glass, taking a drink to hide her dismay. Kenneth didn't notice. 
The waiter swung close to the table to top off another round of drinks, and Kenneth asked for more bread. Edie looked at her hands folded in her lap. She was glad the bread was gone because she was ravenous but couldn't eat any from a fresh loaf because of her lie. 
"So, what do you do for work?" Edie asked, sensing another silence looming close by. Her lips twitched as she realized this was a tactic she used with Greydon: get him talking about himself so he'd leave her be. It was another red flag this date was going nowhere. However, Kenneth took the bait and started in on a lengthy explanation of his contracting business. Edie feigned interest until the mushrooms arrived. Thankfully, Kenneth allowed her to serve herself.
By that time, Edie had fully committed herself to her course: ask Kenneth questions to keep him talking. As long as he was talking, she could avoid stumbling for words and explanations herself. Even after the entree was in front of her, Kenneth continued to talk through the bits of steak and mashed potatoes he shoved in his mouth. Surely he was thinking things were going wonderfully.
Edie, on the other hand, was bored.
She did her best to enjoy her chicken, but it was dry. For all the praise this restaurant received, she expected something better than what she could whip up at home. She was gnawing her way through her meal when a familiar dimming and flickering of lights broke through Kenneth's conversation. Edie looked up, much the same as she had at Burger House, and the whole restaurant plunged into darkness. 
Seconds slipped by as Edie held her breath, waiting for the lights to turn back on. They didn't. A buzz of conversation started at the surrounding tables, and the faces of cell phones came to life throughout the room. As she brought hers out, scrolling through in search of her flashlight app, Kenneth said from across the table, "I guess someone forgot to pay the light bill."
Edie closed her eyes, not even able to summon a chuckle. She propped her phone on the table and continued to eat. Other customers were already rising from their chairs, and the waiters were out in force to keep everyone seated. A second later a dim set of lights along the outer wall came on. A backup generator maybe? From what Edie could see out the windows, most of the buildings were still dark.
Her phone vibrated. Edie felt it was rude to check her messages on a date, but at this point, she didn't care. She grabbed her phone like it was a lifeline.

MOLLY: Sry to bother u, Ms D. Lights r out and grls r scard.

"Oh no," she breathed. That caught Kenneth's attention.
"Oh no?" he asked.
"The electricity is out at my house. My girls are scared."
Luckily, the waiter had approached just in time, "Would you like me to box this up for you?"
"No. Thank you." Edie shook her head, gathering her purse and slipping on her coat. She met the waiter's eyes and saw the agitation there.
"I'm afraid we only have one register working at the moment. It will take a while to print out the check. We are offering compensation…"
"That's okay," Edie said as she stood. She pulled out her wallet and dropped a couple of twenties on the table. It was more than enough to cover her half of the meal. This place wasn't that high class. She looked down at Kenneth to see the surprise on his face this time.
"I'm sorry to have to run out on you like this." She shrugged in apology and continued to lie. "It happens to us all. I enjoyed dinner."
"Uh," Kenneth said, stumbling to his feet, tripping over something in the dark but catching himself before he toppled. "I'll text you later?"
"Sure," Edie said and cringed as she passed him. A hand reached for her, brushing her side and bottom, and she artfully dodged away from him in the darkness. She didn't think he got the hint.
Once she was out of the building, she took a deep breath. She had no idea how stuffy it had been inside until the cool air hit her. Edie took a moment to exalt in it, closing her eyes to enjoy her freedom. As soon as she opened them again, reality settled in. The only thing visible were headlights on cars. Even the dim light from the restaurant wasn't enough to put a dent in the darkness.
Edie whipped out her phone, sending a quick message to Molly to let her know she was on the way. The drive was weird at first with no streetlamps on, but after she made it a few blocks from the restaurant, everything returned to normal. There was no new update from Molly aside from her "Kk," so the panic inside her faded, at least until she drew close to her neighborhood. It was obvious by the time she was a few streets away that the electricity was still not on. 
Everything was probably fine. If it wasn't, Molly would have called, but Edie still worried about her girls. She parked crooked when she pulled into the driveway too fast and slammed on the brakes, but she didn't bother to straighten the car.  
"Hello?" she called as she rushed inside. The panic died as she received an answer right away.
"We're in here!" Kylie called back.
Edie pulled out her phone to light her way through the debris of toys that lined the floor and made it to the living room unscathed. The three girls were gathered around her laptop, watching Swan Lake.
Anisa had won after all.
Complacency



Edie and the girls packed up to spend the night at Cassy's house with her family. During the dark hours, the electricity was restored in time to save the food in the freezer, and Edie was happy to have the rest of the weekend to laze around and ignore Kenneth's texts. The man proved to be persistent.
Later that week, Edie sat bored in her cubicle and pulled out her phone, searching for any news on the blackouts. Apparently, the issue had been found and fixed, and the city could rest assured that everything was taken care of. 
Deciding she needed to step away from her computer, Edie slipped off to the breakroom. At least Greydon wouldn't know she wasn't at her desk. He had called her into his office right before lunch to let her know he was leaving for the day. Edie was glad for it. The more time he spent away from Vrydek, the easier her job was.
As Edie was pouring her afternoon coffee, her phone buzzed where she had left it sitting on the countertop. She dropped some cream and sugar into the cup and was absently stirring while she checked her phone. Yet another message from Kenneth. Edie sighed.
"Little late for coffee, isn't it?" a voice interrupted her. Edie turned to see Westley walking in from the warehouse door. A smear of dirt ran across one cheek, but that only brought out the sparkle in his eyes as he smiled at her. 
"Need something to keep me awake," Edie said, ignoring the butterflies that sprang to life in her belly. "It's a slow afternoon."
"Same," Westley answered as he filled his thermos from the water station. "I've got the boys cleaning out the south racks. Nothing but dust bunnies and cobwebs out there. They need something to do now that the monthly rush is over."
Edie smiled as she grabbed her coffee and turned to the door. She said, "Hang in there. It'll be Friday soon."
Westley looked down at his clothes and slapped a hand against his chest. A layer of dust rose off him. "Not soon enough."
Edie laughed as she let the door close behind her, fleeing back to her desk before her tongue stumbled over itself. His eyes were far too pretty, and he was too young and smart to consider dating a divorcee with two daughters. Edie wished she could find someone she could enjoy talking to like Westley. Kenneth couldn't be her only option, could it? 
As soon as she thought it, her phone buzzed again in her hand. She glanced at it only to roll her eyes and groan as she plopped back down in her chair. This time, he had sent her a picture of himself at a swimming pool from probably twenty years ago. Even then, he didn't have the perfect beach body he thought he was enticing her with. She didn't bother responding, hoping he would get the hint.
The weeks marched on with little change. Edie went to work, ate lunch with Cassy most days, and avoided any social interaction beside what she was forced to face while running errands. Somehow, Greydon approved her request for a few vacation days so she could spend time with the girls during fall break. It was a fun week, but it passed too quickly. The following Monday morning, Edie was drained and depressed as she helped the girls get ready for school. After she had dropped them off, she thought to herself that she needed a permanent change.
Edie glanced at the clock, already knowing she had left the house a few minutes late. She chewed on her bottom lip and chanced swinging by McDonald's for a sausage biscuit, wanting something hot to put in her stomach instead of oatmeal.
By the time Edie pulled into the Vrydek parking lot, she had scarfed down the biscuit, and only the crumbs remained. Edie frowned in disappointment. The bread had been hard and the sausage dry. Not only that, but the stale sandwich had made her more than a few minutes late.
Edie slunk in around the back side of the cubicles, ducking a little so no one could see the top of her head. Greydon wasn't in his office. She could hear him blustering about something in the breakroom. Rachel grinned at her as she passed her cube and John chimed in with a subdued Mission Impossible theme.
Edie hit the power button on her monitor before she even sat down and tapped her keyboard to bring her computer out of sleep mode before shrugging out of her coat. She held her breath as she waited for the password screen to pop up. It was Vrydek company practice to shut off the computers at night, but Edie never did. It saved her today. Greydon was heading back to his office, but his habit was to walk past all the cubes to say good morning—not out of politeness, but to make sure everyone was working. Edie got a spreadsheet open just in time.
"Morning. Morning. Morning," Greydon said as he passed each cube, and Edie's muffled response was no different than anyone else's. It was a good thing Greydon didn't bother to glance at her screen. Excel had opened, but the spreadsheet data didn't load. Edie sat staring at it for several seconds before she opened her email. That didn't load either.
"John?" she asked once Greydon was safely ensconced in his office out of earshot.
"Yes, Vrydek ninja?"
Edie sniffed at that but ignored it. "Is your computer running slow again?"
"Yeah. Try rebooting."
Edie groaned. These little computers took forever to boot up, which is why she always left hers on. She did as told but rebooting only helped a little. Edie was barely able to compile her reports and the W.A.R. before lunch, a task that normally only took her an hour at most. Once Edie started sending the W.A.R. directly to Greydon, he officially turned the task over to her. She never had a problem sending it to the CEO on time, although it irked her she had to do Greydon's work. She told herself she would update her resume that night.
With the server slowed to a crawl, Edie turned to her instant messenger to pass the time. She ended up juggling conversations with Cassy, John, and even Westley. She found it was much easier to talk to him through text. That made the time fly until the system started working normally, which was to say, still slow. Edie somehow managed to get through her day, and then the rest of the week. By the time Friday rolled around, she was thrilled to be out of the annex, and any thought of updating her resume had fled.
Edie hopped in her old sedan and headed out on her twenty-minute drive to pick the girls up from school where they patiently waited every day for her. She flipped through the stations, searching for a decent song when the radio cut to silence.
"Ugh, not this again." Edie mashed another button, finding silence on the next station, and then the next. She grumbled to herself. "Do they all broadcast from the same tower?"
When she couldn't find a station through the silence, she gave up and turned the radio to auxiliary and fumbled with her phone while she was driving. She got it hooked up without a wreck, and soon a familiar tune was playing through the speakers. 
Edie smiled and sang along.
Television



"Mooooommm!" The long, drawn out call could only be from Kylie. "The TV is broken!"
Edie sighed and grabbed a towel to dry her hands. She had almost managed to load the dishwasher without interruption and was still holding the towel when she walked into the living room where Kylie was sitting on the couch, smart phone in hand.
Edie glanced at the television to see blocky, odd colors covering the screen and turned back to Kylie. "What does it matter to you? You're just playing with your phone."
Kylie dropped the phone in her lap and let her head fall back on the couch. She gave her mother an exasperated look only a nine-year-old could master so well. Edie couldn't blame her. She was her mother's daughter. 
Kylie's response wasn't far off from what Edie expected. "I'm only playing with my phone because I can't watch the TV!"
Edie grinned as she reached for the remote and changed the channel. The reception cleared for a moment before the colors shifted out of place again as the sound cut out.  
"Like I said. Broken," Kylie said in vindication. 
"It's not the TV. It's the cable. You can watch Netflix or Hulu for now."
Kylie heaved an unneeded sigh. "Fine."
Edie grinned as she fell on the couch and gathered Kylie in a squishing hug, kissing her even though the girl tried to struggle away. "Aw, my poor spoiled baby!"
"Get off me!" Kylie yelled, but laughter rang in her voice. "I'm not Anisa!"
"You'll always be my baby," Edie said as she let her eldest daughter struggle free. She gave her one last smothering kiss before rising, and Kylie was already pulling up the menu to start Netflix. Edie smiled to herself as she turned to wade through a hallway full of toys to her bedroom. There, Anisa was making use of her old laptop to watch Swan Lake… again. The girl didn't even notice Edie poke her head in.
Edie shook her head as she returned to the kitchen with a wistful smile on her face. If only she had been so spoiled when she was a kid. Her phone buzzed from where it lay on the counter-top, interrupting her thoughts. She picked it up to see a text message from Cassy rolling across the top of the screen.

CASSY: Do you have plans tonight?

Edie's thumb slid across the phone so she could answer with a quick 'no.' Then she waited. Several minutes passed, and she turned back to the sink. She was elbows deep in water when her phone vibrated again, and she rolled her eyes. The phone would have to wait. The pan that had dutifully cooked their dinner three nights ago would get the attention it was overdue. Edie only had to get it clean enough so the dishwasher could handle the rest.
Once finished with her task, she picked up the phone.

CASSY: Come over! Aaron's throwing an impromptu party and I need someone here I know! Moral support and all that shit.

Edie glanced down at herself and snickered. The sweatpants and ratty but comfortable t-shirt she wore would not be proper to leave the house in. The shirt was even wet in splotches from her vigorous pot scrubbing.

EDIE: Will be a bit. I have to shower first and get the girls washed up.
CASSY: No problem.
EDIE: Need me to grab chips or anything?
CASSY: No. Let Aaron figure it all out. This was his idea!

Edie laughed and decided she would grab chips and salsa from the store anyway. She showered before dragging Anisa in to bathe. The weather was unseasonably warm, so Anisa wore one of Kylie's old dresses, but Kylie was stuck wearing a cute t-shirt and last year's pants. Edie wasn't willing to buy more summer clothes for her two sprouting weeds with colder weather just around the corner. For herself, she chose a nice pair of light-colored slacks and a flowing shirt. 
When she looked in the mirror, she grumbled at her reflection. Frumpy. She couldn't escape it.
"Okay," she told herself. "Diet starts on Monday."
Party



Edie's jaw dropped when she pulled onto Cassy's street. Cars. Cars everywhere. 
What the hell was Aaron doing? She ended up parking five houses down, and the girls complained as they walked. She hoped Molly would be there to help entertain them. Otherwise it would be a torturous night of dealing with two bored girls. Oh well. Her friend had sent out a distress call, and she had answered. That's what mattered.
Edie knocked on the door not knowing who to expect. Aaron swung the door open, and Edie was relieved to see a familiar face right away. His thick-framed glasses hid his bushy eyebrows, but not the light in his eyes as he smiled.
"Edie!" he exclaimed, acting like he hadn't seen her just last weekend. "So glad you could make it on such short notice! Come in! Come in!"
Edie's lips twisted into an odd smile as she looked at him, and he gave her a conspiratorial wink. He leaned close, "Molly's waiting for the girls in her room, and Cassy's in the kitchen. Thanks for coming."
Edie glanced at the people that invaded his living room and the others spilling out onto the patio. Not all had bothered to dress up, but she was glad she put a smidge of effort into her appearance. She whispered to Kylie to take Anisa upstairs to find Molly, and she would be by to check on them later. Neither of the girls hesitated. Even though Edie could provide for the girls, she couldn't afford to buy a Playstation for them to have in their room. They would be up there all night and wouldn't complain. She might even have to drag them out when it was time to leave.
Edie slipped through the back hallway into the kitchen and found Cassy pulling out a pan from the oven. The kitchen was hot. Edie figured the oven had been on all afternoon.
Cassy's eyes met hers and she muttered, "Oh, thank God." Then her eyes found the chips and salsa in the bag Edie carried, and she scolded her. "I told you to let Aaron handle all of that! But… Thank you. We can use it."
Edie sat the bag on the counter-top and stepped close to Cassy. "No problem, but what's going on?"
Cassy rolled her eyes as she pulled off her oven mitt. "His friggen boss shows up from out of town and suddenly he wants to throw a party? I have no idea what's gotten into him. His boss isn't even here yet, so at least there's that. I'm just glad the house was semi-clean."
Edie stared at her blankly for a second before busting into laughter. Cassy playfully slapped her arm with the oven mitt before reaching for a half-empty bowl of chips. Edie didn't need to be told to refill it. She was already in the process of opening the bag when she asked, "So what do you need me to do?"
"Can you handle the snack table? Aaron invited a lot of his work buddies and their families. More than what I expected, but I guess the boss being in town is a big deal. I've only got you and Westley."
"Westley?" Edie shot her a quick glance as she fumbled with the chips, nearly dropping the bag as her cheeks grew hot. Cassy either didn't notice or assumed Edie's sudden flush was from the kitchen heat.
"I invited everyone close by, which to say is you, Westley, and Anmarie. Anmarie said she might drop by later, but I wouldn't bet on it." Cassy leaned against the counter and sighed. "Aaron's turned me into a waitress. Man, he owes me big time for this. I'm talking huge steak dinner!"
Both of them laughed at that, and Edie began prepping the snacks to set them out on the dining room table. Despite the crowd and warning from Cassy, Edie wasn't prepared for the reaction when Aaron's boss arrived. The dividing line of Aaron's co-workers and their families was broadly drawn as the actual employees of Westlake Co. filled the room with a loud cheer. 
"The hell?" Edie muttered as she ducked back into the kitchen. Those that were out on the patio filtered in as handshakes went around the room. Everyone swarmed the tall, stout man with attention, and Edie wondered what was so grand about him. She grabbed Cassy and pointed to the patio for an escape. Cassy nodded as she waved her forward, following closely behind. She had already been introduced at the door before Aaron presented his boss to the masses. If Edie's guess was right, Cassy needed a break.
Edie didn't know how much she longed for the cool air until she was out in it. Everyone was packed around the patio door, allowing Cassy and Edie the yard to themselves. It was empty except for one man who was standing to the side with a red solo cup in hand and watching with amused eyes. Westley. Edie was suddenly super focused on her breathing, trying to remember how to do it normally while reminding herself she was a grown woman.
"Some party you got going here, Cass," Westley said with a smirk on his lips.
"I'm so sorry," Cassy said, taking in a deep breath and stretching. "I had no idea we'd have so many people turn up. My house isn't that big! Thank you for coming, though. I appreciate it."
"Hey," Westley lifted his cup next to his face and wiggled it a little. "You had me at free beer."
"The basis of every healthy relationship," Edie said, managing a grin. She was already staring at the beer with longing, hoping it would dull her nerves. "How did you end up with a keg?"
"Oh, who knows?" Cassy shrugged, stepping toward it to grab her own drink. "One of Aaron's friends produced it, and I'm not about to question this miracle."
"No doubt," Edie said as Cassy handed her the first cup. After that, the three stood in silence for a moment as they watched the crowd at the door begin to thin out. After the employees said their 'hellos' to the man in charge of their paychecks, they filtered back into the yard.
Cassy looked at Edie and sighed. "Back to the kitchen for me."
Edie started to follow, but Cassy waved her back. "Stay. Everything is set up. I just have to make sure nothing gets broken. Your job is to entertain Westley. He doesn't know anyone else here either."
Edie frowned as she watched her lifeline disappear inside before offering Westley a weak smile. Her gaze turned to sweep the Shale's backyard, already knowing they had little in the way of lawn furniture. One iron table, including a set of four chairs, sat on the long, concrete patio slab backed by a trellis decorated in fairy lights. A few other plastic lawn chairs were strewn about the yard. Edie motioned toward the table, hoping to plant herself there for the rest of the night, and Westley followed, seeming as if he liked the idea.
Edie wasn't sure how old Westley was—she didn't know how to work that into a conversation without sounding improper—but she was sure he wasn't thirty yet. Anyone who didn't understand the pain of kissing their youth goodbye was someone too young for Edie. She tried not to notice his tan. She was used to seeing him in his orange and blue work overalls, not the nice white, button-up shirt that brought out the green of his eyes. As if that sparkle needed help to shine. 
Keep it together, woman. Don't make an ass out of yourself.
"So, why did you answer Cassy's distress call?" she asked, ignoring her inner thoughts. Instead, her eyes filtered through the other people in the yard she didn't know and didn't care to meet.
"No plans. My house is only about a block from here, so I thought what the hell. Had no idea this is what I was getting into."
Edie laughed. "Me either."
The conversation was awkward and stilted at first until they made their way to the topic of movies and television shows. It was the common ground Edie was comfortable with. Westley also played video games, but that was a subject she couldn't follow. Her main source of information was Kylie, and news from a nine-year-old was unreliable at best. 
Despite Edie's video game ignorance, the conversation relaxed and came easily after the first cup of beer. Westley showed her pictures of his dog, a half German Sheppard mutt named Tonk he rescued as a puppy. He scrolled through several pictures, and Edie was surprised none of them had a girl in them. The beer was swimming in her head, killing her nerves as she had hoped but causing her sense of propriety to drop. 
"Why is there no girl in those pictures?" she asked and felt heat flush her cheeks as soon as the words were out of her mouth. They echoed and thumped in her ears, and she buried her face behind her cup as Westley gave a good-natured laugh. It didn't help to ease her embarrassment.
"Had my share of dating for a while. I've sworn it off until I get my little brother through high school and off to college."
"Wait, what?" That caught Edie by surprise. Westley grinned at her before taking another sip of beer. Edie's heart thumped, and she gritted her teeth. Ignore it, Edie. 
"Yeah," he said, his eyes unfocused as he stared at the milling people. "My father checked out of the picture when I was a kid, and my brother's dad died years ago. When my mother went home to Canada to take care of my grandma, Peter didn't want to leave his friends, so he stayed with me. Mom didn't expect to be gone so long, but that was three years ago. We go up to visit her from time to time, but she can't leave my grandma right now."
"Wow," Edie said in a breath. "That's a big responsibility. Raising a teenager? Even I haven't done that yet."
Westley laughed again and leaned back in his chair. Edie thought she might get addicted to his laugh. She realized she was watching him too attentively. The beer was making her cheeks tingle and thoughts muddled. She was such a cheap drunk.
"Pete's a good kid, so it's been easy. Thank goodness for email and cell phones. We have a weekly Skype call, and we're always in emails with each other. She's almost as big a part of his life as she would be if she were here. There's always the threat that if he acted out, he would have to go up there with her, but that hardly needs mentioned. Pete's focused. Like I said, he's a good kid."
"Well, that's good." Edie was impressed by his story. "I hope it's as easy with Kylie and Anisa when they get older."
"Be there for them. Listen to them. That's what my mom did, and she was a single mother for both of us most of the time." He stared into his lap and frowned. "Pete's dad was good to me. Shame about that."
"What happened?"
"Fell asleep while driving." Westley exhaled, blowing the air out slowly, and Edie wondered if she'd pushed too far. All this time working alongside him, and Edie had never bothered to ask about his home life. "He ran off the road and hit a tree. No one else was hurt. Takes some adjusting when you lose someone out of your life so abruptly like that."
Edie could only nod. She didn't know what that felt like. Her mother and father were still alive, living in North Carolina where she grew up, and her relationship with David had withered and dried up long before he left. Kylie barely remembered him, and he had never seen Anisa. In fact, Edie was sure David didn't know Anisa existed. The life growing inside her had been her secret for two months before he left. She was afraid if he knew, he might try to stay. Kylie had been the only thing that had kept him there for so long. Well, that and the shattered pride of a failed marriage.
They both sat silent for a few moments as they reflected before Westley broke the stillness. "And you?"
"Hm?"
"There's no man in your pictures, either. Am I right?"
"You're right." Edie managed a smile, despite the deep conversation. The words were hard to form in her mind, hidden behind a wall of fuzz, but then a quick snap popped in her ears and everything plunged into darkness.
Dance



Edie blinked as she looked up, startled that night had fallen so fast. She hadn't even noticed.
Silence at first. Then came the groans and cell phones popping out to light the way. Edie started to stand when Westley reached out to catch her hand. His touch sent a shock through her, and her breath caught in her throat. 
"Give it a sec," he said, releasing her as quickly as he caught her. She rubbed her hands together, but the beer quickly wiped the memory of his touch away. Westley continued, "These spells normally don't last long. It's chaos in there right now." He motioned to the crowd milling about inside the house. With how lightheaded she was, she could hurt herself in the dark house full of strangers. 
Edie's head swam, but she stayed perched on the edge of her chair. More people joined them in the yard as it was lighter outside than inside at this point. Edie's cell phone buzzed, and she looked down to see her screen lit up by Kylie's picture.
Of course, you dumbass.
The beer-buzz had caused Kylie's hand-me-down phone to slip Edie's mind. She answered, "Kylie?"
"Hi, Mom." Her daughter's voice was full of disappointment, not fear. "The lights are off up here."
"I know." Edie leaned back, able to relax now. "Looks like it's the whole neighborhood again."
"Molly's bringing us downstairs. Can we go home?"
Edie chuckled a little to herself. "We'll see. The lights might come back on."
"Okay."
With that, Kylie disconnected the call. The girl had never learned proper phone etiquette since she only ever talked to Kylie or her grandparents.
Edie sat back, but her eyes never left the dark door. Most of the crowd made it to the lawn, although she suspected a few of the guests might use the power outage as an excuse to leave. Edie couldn't blame them, but she wanted to stay to help Cassy clean up. All these people would leave her house a mess. 
The girls appeared with Molly right behind them. As soon as Anisa saw Edie, she ran to her and scrambled into her lap, all the while rattling off the games they had played. Kylie was more subdued as she sat in one of the empty chairs. The lawn chairs had been taken and moved around, but no one bothered to take the iron chairs from the table. Molly sat down in the fourth. 
Westley picked up on Anisa's stories right away, engaging in her conversation. Anisa turned to him like he wasn't a stranger, and even Kylie joined in while Edie was left out, unable to follow along with the gaming talk.
Edie didn't try to focus on their conversation. Instead, her attention was on Aaron as he stepped out of the house with a bundle of long sticks in his arms. Edie squinted, trying to make out the shapes in the near darkness and grinned as she realized what he carried. Tiki torches! 
"Hang tight, everyone," Aaron announced. "I got you covered!"
He planted them in the ground one by one, lighting them as he went. The dim light they provided was enough to see by. Soon the backyard was covered in a warm glow, and judging by the light coming from the patio door, there were plenty of candles lit inside as well.
Once Aaron was done, he came to stand beside the table, inspecting his handy work. He turned to Edie and grinned. "We stocked up when we had all those blackouts. I didn't want to be unprepared. Glad we had 'em for tonight."
"And it looks great," Edie said, gazing out over the many lights and sighing wistfully at the romantic atmosphere it created. 
"No reason to kill the party," he said, cracking his knuckles. "I've got more tricks up my sleeve."
Aaron patted Anisa on the head before he rushed away, and Molly groaned. She pulled out her phone and leaned back in the chair saying, "Because alternative rock is still so cool, Dad."
"Hey," Edie said, straightening in her seat. "I resemble that remark."
The darkness hid her expression, but Edie was sure Molly blushed. "Well," the girl said, "It's not all bad, I guess, but I can only take so much Nirvana."
"Hey!" Westley said even more fervently than Edie had. "There is no such thing as too much Nirvana."
"All right, all right!" Molly said, throwing up her hands in a gesture of defeat before fixing her gaze back on her smart phone. The girls giggled at the display, although they didn't fully understand the banter, and even Edie and Westley chuckled.
The window on the other side of the patio door cracked open. Edie squinted, but couldn't see anything through the darkness. A minute later, the sound of Pearl Jam came floating out. 
Westley looked at Edie and grinned. "Now that's what I'm talking about."
"It's not Nirvana," Molly said, not bothering to pull her nose away from her phone.
"Just as good," Westley said as he stood. "The nineties were a great decade for music." He extended his hand to Edie, and she blinked as she stared at it. It was foreign to her, and it took a moment for his words to register in her beer-slackened brain.
"May I have this dance?" Westley said, a boyish smirk on his lips. Edie stared at him, unsure if she heard him correctly. "That is, unless you can find a better man."
Edie grinned and sat Anisa to the side, who wore a confused expression but didn't protest. She also didn't waste time crawling into the chair Edie vacated, and all three of the girls watched with curious eyes as Westley led Edie out to a deserted spot between the torches. 
Edie's face grew hot as Westley turned to her, cupping her hand in his. His other hand slid around her waist causing Edie to reflexively suck in what she could of her gut. She swallowed, and her free hand found its place on his shoulder of its own will. At least space remained between their bodies as they began to sway. The only difference between this and her first awkward eighth grade dance was the alcohol swimming in her head.
Edie looked into Westley's grinning eyes and laughed. "What are we doing?"
"Making the best of a bad situation," he responded without missing a beat.
"It's not a bad situation."
"See? It's already working."
Edie broke into a laugh, her nerves on edge as they pivoted in a circle, but she found herself growing more at ease with him. "I meant it's only been a few minutes. The lights should come back on any time now."
He gazed down at her and one eyebrow raised, a smile curving his lips. He leaned close and whispered, "Maybe I'm just taking a chance."
Edie's heart thumped at his words, and her smile fell away in her shock. He winked at her and stepped back, expertly sending her into a spin. She followed his lead, her feet and legs moving with muscle memory her mind couldn't keep up with. Yes, her eighth-grade dances had been awkward, but the same could not be said about high school. The students and facility all expected more out of their prom queen. 
Westley spun her back to him, and Anisa squealed with delight from where she watched at the table. "Nice," he commented.
"And where did you learn that?" Edie said, hoping he didn't notice how breathless she was.
"My mom," Westley said, settling her a little closer to him than she was before. "You?"
"Dance lessons in high school. It's been a while, though."
"Like riding a bike." 
As they spun, Edie noticed a few glances their way, but most of the people in the yard ignored them. That was good. Normally, she wouldn't like the extra attention, but she didn't mind so much now. Of course, that was due to her second cup of beer. She wasn't sure how to break it to Kylie they weren't going home anytime soon.
Westley's phone buzzed in his pocket. He ignored it.
"Do you and the girls have any other plans for the weekend?" Westley asked. Edie couldn't tell if he was trying to fill the silence or if he was fishing.
"We didn't have any plans before the party. Only thing I had planned were cleaning and finding something to watch."
"Sounds like a weekend well spent." His voice was low. Conspiratorial. It gave Edie goosebumps. She couldn't remember the last time she wanted to be this close to a man. She dropped her head and closed her eyes, letting her body go through the motions. As soon as she broke eye contact, she began to mentally berate herself.
Not this man. Not this man. What are you doing, Edie?
Westley's phone vibrated again.
She raised her head, looking up to meet his eyes. They glowed in the torchlight as he intently stared back at her. His expression was unreadable.
"Do you need to get that?" she asked.
"It can wait," he said.
How old are you? 
Edie couldn't bring herself to ask. She was the first to admit she was horrible at flirting, but she was convinced Westley was open to more than just casual conversation or dancing. Despite the thoughts rampaging through her head, she couldn't press the situation. However, she was sure if she hadn't had those two beers, she wouldn't have been so conflicted. It was unrealistic. Not tonight. Not with the age difference. Not ever.
The song came to an end and another faster song began to play. Edie laughed as she took a step back, saying, "I can't keep up with this one."
"No classes on a tango?" Westley teased her. He hadn't dropped her hand yet as they walked back to the table.
"Whatever," she shot back without thinking. "No one's dancing the tango to Jane's Addiction." 
"Never say never."
Edie stopped at her chair, looking back at him and gave him a coy grin. "I don't think I did."
Stop it, Edie! Just stop it!
The smile that spread across his face was slow, but genuine. The flirtation was not lost on him, but it was so misplaced. He took his seat and pulled out his phone to check it while Edie had to shuffle Anisa around.
"Can you teach me how to dance like that, Mama?" Anisa was already grabbing her hand and holding it in the air, mocking how Westley had led her.
"Yes, sweetie. I'd love to teach you."
"That was pretty cool, Ms. D," Molly offered, though it seemed she hadn't pulled her nose out of her phone. Kylie sat mimicking Molly, but Edie could hear the faint sounds of a cartoon drifting on the air.
Beside her, Westley groaned. Edie turned in time to catch his frown. "That was Pete. He can't get his bike out of the garage. He takes the late shift on Saturdays and those pizzas aren't going to make themselves."
Edie's face fell, and she couldn't deny the disappointment that flooded through her. However, it was for the best. With more beer and a babysitter available, the night could have ended in regrets. Edie would take the disappointment.
"Drive safe," she said. Westley smiled at her, then leaned in close. What he said wasn't at all provocative, but it was the way he said it that sent shivers down her spine.
"I'll see you on Monday."
"Bye," she whispered back, and her eyes stayed glued to him until he disappeared into the blackness of the house. 
"That was some dance, Ms. D." Molly said again, grinning at her. Edie blushed profusely. Her young daughters might not have noticed what had transpired between them, but sixteen-year-old Molly did. Edie didn't comment.
The rest of the night paled in comparison to her short-lived elation. That was something Edie hadn't felt in years, but as her buzz wore off, she only felt drained. Edie took steps to teach Anisa and Kylie how to dance and was surprised when Molly joined in. The four of them laughed and giggled, and Edie was glad the girls got along so well.
It was well past nine when the lights came back on. Her company vanished as soon as the whir of electricity buzzed through the house, fleeing back to Molly's bedroom to play games. Edie went in search of Cassy and found her in clean-up mode. Half the guests had already left. 
"Why did Westley run off so early?" Cassy asked her once she found a moment to catch her breath from her furious cleaning.
"He had to take his brother to work," Edie said, explaining his situation as nonchalantly as she could and hoped none of her disappointment bled through.
"I'm still surprised he showed up. I can't even get through to Anmarie. She totally ditched me. I'm so glad you could come." It wasn't the first time the older woman had flaked out on Cass.
Edie nodded, "Of course! You knew we weren't up to anything."
"I hope it wasn't too boring. I'm sorry I didn't get to spend more time with you. Aaron owes us both for this!" Cassy almost growled in her frustration. 
"It wasn't bad. I had fun." Edie felt her cheeks flush again as her mind rushed back to dancing underneath the light of the tiki torches, but she pulled herself back to the present. 
"Sure," Cassy laughed. "At least that helps me feel better."
The women grinned at each other, and Edie took the girls home shortly after, keeping what transpired between her and Westley to herself.
Fallout



The following Monday, the secret Edie thought was hers alone proved otherwise as she found her instant messenger blinking at her before she even got settled. The message was from Cassy.

Cassandra.Shale: Why the hell haven't you answered my texts?
Edith.Dawson: What texts?
Cassandra.Shale: Don't make me come over there!

Edie chuckled at the pseudo threat through her confusion. They lost power again during the night, and Edie had woken to a flashing alarm clock reading 12:00 AM even though the sun was dawning through the windows. She had barely escaped being late.

Edith.Dawson: What texts? I'm serious. I haven't gotten any texts since the party.

Cassy's messages went silent, but that wasn't uncommon. They both had work to do, and Edie was buried deep in the W.A.R. when Cassy hit her with it.

Cassandra.Shale: What happened with you and Wes?

Edie's face flamed as the memory of their dance flooded through her. A rogue grin twisted her lips, and she was glad Cassy wasn't there to see it, or it would have given her away. However, the instant messenger betrayed nothing in her nonchalant response. 

Edith.Dawson: We talked and danced some. Nothing happened.
Cassandra.Shale: Not according to Molly! You better spill, woman!

Edie dropped her head in her hands. Molly! Everything the girl witnessed would have made it back to Cassy and probably embellished at that. Now Edie's face burned for a different reason.

Edith.Dawson: Still not sure what you're talking about!
Cassandra.Shale: You're telling me everything at lunch. EVERYTHING!
Edith.Dawson: Sure but be prepared to be disappointed.

Despite what she typed, Edie's smile was persistent. She couldn't help it. If she couldn't get that stupid grin under control, it wouldn't matter what she said. There would be no hiding that something had happened.
With thoughts of Saturday night fresh in her mind, Edie waited tensely until the clock struck nine, and her hands shook as she changed her status on the instant messenger program to 'Away'. It was time to fetch her coffee.
Since Greydon had already made his rounds and wouldn't be leaving his office for a while, he wouldn't notice she wasn't at her desk, but she still slipped behind the cubicles to take the long way around. Everyone walked that way anyway, and all for the same reason. They were allowed breaks, but no one wanted to have to stop to explain themselves every time they left their desk, and Edie especially didn't want that now. She was on a schedule. 
Edie stepped into the empty breakroom and sighed. Maybe she had miscalculated? She frowned as she glanced at the coffee brewer and saw there wasn't even half a cup left burning in the decanter. Oh well. That wasn't the biggest disappointment this morning. Maybe Westley was just running late.
Edie dumped what coffee was left in the pot and washed up. As she struggled with the thin paper filter for the next batch, the outside door swung open. Even though she knew it had to be him, her heart skipped a beat when his green eyes flashed a smile at her. 
"Good morning, Edie."
"Morning, Westley," she answered, hoping it sounded natural. Her pulse was racing, and she didn't want him to notice how out of sorts he made her. She had planned her topic of conversation two nights ago and was impressed with herself that the words came out even. "Everything go well with Peter Saturday night?"
"Yeah," he answered, stopping beside her. "Got him to work on time, no problem. How was the rest of the party?"
"Pretty much the same as before you left. Not much was going on except the chatting, and I had no one to chat with."
"Aww," he said, sounding dismayed. "I didn't mean to strand you there."
Edie waved it away, a defense against the heat in his voice, and managed to keep her tone casual. "No worries. The girls kept me company."
There was silence for a second as Wesley watched her fumble with the filters before he said, "Here, let me help." 
Edie shook her head, trying to clear the pounding pulse in her ears and huffed at the filters, ready to hand them over to Wesley's outstretched hand when she froze. His fingers were caked with something gray, bordering on black.  
"Oh." He drew back quickly. "Didn't realize I'd gotten so dirty already."
Wesley turned his back on her, head bowed over the sink. The sound of rushing water filling the breakroom wasn't enough to cover how his voice had fallen. The shift in his mood was nearly tangible, and Edie frowned at his sudden change in demeanor. 
"Well, you do work in a warehouse. You have to expect to get a little dirty sometimes." She said it with a smile, but Westley never looked up to see it. She had only meant to allay whatever had troubled him, but he scrubbed his hands in silence. Had she said something wrong? 
Edie finally pulled the filter apart as Westley dried his hands. She could feel his eyes on her as she finished setting the coffeepot to brew, but when she turned to him again, the sparkle in his eyes was gone.
"Well," he started, seeming at a loss. Edie found herself missing the softness he had spoken with earlier. "I left Travis sorting through a damaged pallet. I need to make sure he doesn't mess up the paperwork. Was nice seeing you again, Edie."
"You too," Edie said, not able to think of anything else as he spun on his heel and left. The thrill had vanished, replaced by abandoned hurt. Edie felt him distancing himself from her as keenly as she had felt the flirtation Saturday night. It stung. She didn't bother waiting for the coffee to finish before slinking back to the safety of her desk. She couldn’t risk anyone catching her on the verge of tears she couldn’t explain.
Westley was smarter than that. Too smart to get messed up with a pudgy, middle-aged, divorced woman with two kids. He had realized his mistake. Edie looked different in the full light of day compare to what he saw in the soft glow of the beer haze and tiki torches. 
In the end, Edie was proud of herself. She only shed a few tears silently at her desk, and the flatness in her voice when she went to lunch with Cassy ended any ideas her friend might have concocted. 
It's better this way, she told herself, a new mantra that repeated in her head every few minutes. It did little to sooth the pain, but it was all she could do.
Meltdown



"God," Edie grumbled as she dropped her purse on her desk. She shrugged out of her coat and slung it over the back of the chair. They were barely past Thanksgiving and winter had come early, but that wasn't what annoyed Edie. "All my radio stations were out this morning. One of those 'This is only a test' alarms went off and then there was nothing but complete silence all the way here. At least it's Friday."
Rachel from two desks down scoffed and said, "Edie, you are hopeless."
"Pull up CNN," John said. "Greydon won't be in for a while, and that's if he bothers coming in at all."
"What? Why?" Edie asked as she sat down at her computer. "How did we get so lucky?"
"Apparently, the power is out at his daughter's school so he's staying home with her."
"Oh, good Lord." Edie rolled her eyes. "But they have power at their house?"
"That's the rumor," John said.
"That poor girl," Edie mumbled as she opened her browser and pointed it to the Dallas news website. As it slowly loaded—at least the Internet slowness was something she could count on—she thought there was no way Greydon would let her off work if she was in that situation. 
Then the page popped up on her screen.
"Oh my God." Edie saw the pictures before she saw the headline. A huge fire blazed along a line of industrial buildings Edie didn't recognize, but then her eyes found the words. 

Near catastrophe at Comanche Peak as workers fight to keep nuclear power plant meltdown at bay.

Edie read the article, but there wasn't enough information to quell the worry building inside her. It told of a fire breaking out and how plant employees were able to power down the reactor before more damage could be done. So far, three people were confirmed dead. Her gaze caught and fixed on the words about safe distance in the event of a meltdown.
"How far away are we?"
"We're safe," John said, coming to stand at the edge of her cube. "Edie, that's not the only one."
"What?" She looked back at him, not willing to believe there could be more horrid news.
"Go to CNN."
Edie finally followed John's instructions and read with her mouth hanging open. A reactor in Alabama actually had a meltdown. It was considered one of the most devastating tragedies to happen on U.S. soil, right up there with the 9/11 terrorist attack. Radiation contamination was expected in the tens of thousands. 
"Fallout radius is fifty miles, but that cloud is going to spread. They're saying this is worse than the Three Mile Island accident in '79."
Edie grabbed her phone and dialed her parent's number. Her mom answered on the second ring.
"We're fine, dear," she said, attempting to allay Edie's worry with hollow laughter. It didn't work. "Horrible tragedy. We've been watching the news all morning. All those poor people."
"Why don't you guys come out here for a while?"
"It might be time for a visit, but it sounds like you have your own issues."
"It was a fire here, not a meltdown." Edie continued to surf through the articles, trying to calculate how far her parents were from the disaster. 
"Well, let me talk with your father. We might be able to make it out that way for Christmas."
"Okay, Mom. I'm at work now, so I have to let you go."
"Love you, sweetie."
"Love you, too."
When Edie hung up, she felt no more at ease.
"What is going on?" she muttered under her breath.
"Time to stock up for the apocalypse," John said, having already returned to his seat. Edie only huffed in response. It wasn't a joking matter. She spent most of the day flipping through news sites, reading eyewitness testimonies, and—despite John making a joke of it—ordering supplies online. Solar chargers, flashlights, rechargeable batteries, shelf-stable food. One whole paycheck went into it, and all her goods would be at her doorstep in two to three days.
During lunch, she found out Cassy and Aaron had already done the same. Cassy told her with a straight face, as serious as she had ever seen her friend before, "If shit goes down, you get the girls to our place. We've already started a neighborhood watch and more than a few of them are armed."
"You don't think we're overreacting a little?"
"Not one bit," Cassy said between bites. "You remember everything that happened when that hurricane hit New Orleans? The government couldn't help all the people because they didn't have enough resources. We have to help ourselves. Be prepared. It's not like all that shit we bought will go to waste."
Edie sat back, not hungry for once. "Can one reactor support the whole grid? They aren't sure when they'll be able to get the second one back up."
Cassy frowned. "I don't know. I can't find any information on it either. At least nothing reliable. The media's spinning everything. You can't trust them."
"I know." Edie nodded. "I can't believe what happened in Alabama."
"Well, between what happened there and here, everyone's scared. Did you see how many reactors they use across the U.S.?"
"I did." Edie's brow furrowed. "If they start blowing, everything east of Dallas will be gone. Nothing but a wasteland for hundreds of years."
But there was no reason for it to happen. The accident at the reactors weren't connected unless…
"What if someone's doing it on purpose?" Her heart thumped as she looked across the table at Cassy. The look she got back let her know this wasn't a unique thought. Cassy had been thinking it too.
"Aaron says we can't assume that right now." She shook her head. Judging by her expression, it worried her more than Aaron would have liked. "All we can do is prepare. We're safe where we are. We have time to get out if something were to happen at Comanche Peak. We'll go northwest, and you're coming with us."
Edie's mouth was dry. "My parents…"
"You said they were making plans to come down, right?"
"In a month or so."
Cassy sighed and sat back. "Edie, what are we doing?"
Edie looked at her for a moment, trying to figure out what her friend was talking about. Eventually, she understood. "It's a national disaster, and it feels like it was close to happening to us, too. The whole country is on edge."
"If I were you, I'd still make your parents get on a plane right now."
Edie couldn't argue with her, but she knew it wouldn't be easy to convince them to come. They were retired and money was tight for all. Edie sure couldn't afford two plane tickets spur of the moment on her own.
That afternoon, she went home and sat on the couch to watch TV with the girls. She didn't even care what they watched. She just wanted to be close to them.
Intermission



If I knew then what I know now, I would have done things differently. I guess we all would have. Wishes and regrets plague us. Those things we can't do anything about. All nails in the coffin of our conscious. 
I convinced my parents to come visit, but the timing wasn't right. If we waited another month or two, they would be with me still. Now I can only hope they're okay. 
Sometimes, I think if I paid more attention, I would have seen it coming. The radio going out over half the time. The television never having a clear picture. Then the Internet slowed down, buffering Netflix and Hulu until they were unwatchable, so we fell back on DVD and Blu-ray disks without a thought. It became the new norm. It was an inconvenience from the technology we were used to, and we bitched and complained, but we adapted. Life went on because that's what humans do. We adapt.
I bought solar powered chargers, rechargeable batteries, candles and flashlights. I even bought a few mechanical flashlights, just in case. With our pantry stocked full of shelf-stable food, I thought I had prepared us for anything.
When the second reactor blew, I realized how wrong I was. 
Gamble



Edie tried to avoid the television, but if the signal was coming through, she watched. Every major station was airing twenty-four-hour coverage of the Alabama meltdown. No one could surprise her at work on Monday with news the second reactor almost suffered the same fate. They shut the reactor down, leaving tons of people without power until they could reroute from another plant. No one minded, or at least no one did from the media's point of view. Everyone was just thankful the second reactor didn't blow.
Days passed with everyone on the edge of their seat waiting for more terrifying news, but it didn't come. There were calls for aid for the families left in need, and the government wasn't any more prepared to help than they were in New Orleans. Edie stocked her cabinets with more shelf stable food. 
"Mom," Kylie asked one day. "Are we going to be okay?"
"What do you mean, honey?" She pulled Kylie into her lap, an action that was normally fought against, but Kylie came willingly for once.
"The kids at school say we're going to explode like the people in Alabama."
"Oh, honey." Edie soothed her hair and let Kylie lay her head on her shoulder. "That won't happen. We'll be okay."
Kylie said nothing else. She laid against her mother and closed her eyes until the pair were caught by Anisa, who immediately joined in the family hug. When Kylie allowed Anisa to turn their hug into a small cluster, Edie understood how upset she was. Kylie loved her sister, but she wasn't much for showing affection. Edie frowned when the girls weren't looking. She wished there was a way to hide this from them, but it was everywhere.
Edie's parents came to visit during winter break, making Christmas extra special for the girls. Over the winter, the Comanche Peak reactor was repaired and brought back online just before the heat of a Texas spring returned for another year. The rolling blackouts that were forgotten during the colder months resumed as soon as the temperatures hit eighty degrees. 
The Alabama disaster lingered for a time in everyone's mind, and the pictures of radiation victims that leaked over the Internet were haunting, but it was a tragedy already in the past. As time moved along for everyone else, the disaster faded into the background, worries eased, and life returned to normal.
At least for a few months.
Edie sat in the breakroom waiting for the coffee to finish as she turned the small television to the news. She had made a habit out of listening to the top stories to make sure there weren't any recent developments. As long as the reporters were still dragging out what happened in Alabama, she knew there wasn't anything worth hearing.
Alabama had recovered for the most part. The meltdown was caused by faulty gauges, not unlike what happened at Three Mile Island. They knew radiation had leaked into the environment before the reactor could be powered down, but there were conflicting reports about how much. 
Edie had become an expert on what happened after the Three Mile Island incident. The infant mortality rates increased. Thyroid cancer increased. It all went against the initial reports from the media that the traces of radiation released were harmless. She suspected the same thing would happen in Alabama.
Edie changed the channel to a talk show, turned her attention back to the coffeepot, and did her best not to think about Westley. Months had passed, but every morning when she came to the breakroom, she thought about that day. Although she had run into him a few times since then, the memory continued to embarrass her. He always smiled and asked how she was, but out of politeness. He remained distant, and Edie made sure to never step into the breakroom at nine o'clock.
When she thought back to that autumn night, Edie was positive she hadn't imagined the chemistry they shared under the soft glow of the tiki torches, but she couldn't figure out what she had done to turn Westley away. If only Kenneth would get the hint. That man still texted her from time to time, even though she sent nothing back. That was a night she wished she could forget, but Westley…
Westley hurt. At the time, she would have fought against a relationship with him, but now it was so easy to regret it never happened. 
Edie's cheeks grew warm, and she sucked in a deep breath to help refocus, noticing the brewing coffee had dribbled to a stop. Feeling somewhat numb, she poured the coffee on top of the cream and sugar, watching as the dark and light liquids mixed and created the beautiful caramel color she craved. After reigning in her wild thoughts, she was set for the morning. 
Edie had her hand on the breakroom door when the emergency broadcast blared from the television. She froze, her eyes drawn to the screen. Part of her knew it was a fluke, another one of the false alerts like on the phone and the radio, but a spark of dread swirled in her stomach. 
A splash screen came up with the words Emergency Alert System displayed in white on a black background. Bright red outlined the letters in a typical attention-grabbing manner. 'This is not a test' flashed at the bottom. The swirl of dread continued to build into a tight ball as her hand dropped from the door latch.
A familiar face came on the screen. She was a news anchor Edie was used to seeing lately, although her features were now pale and drawn. The thick layer of make-up couldn't cover her unsettled expression. She apologized to Edie, letting her know she was sorry to have interrupted her regular scheduled broadcast. 
Edie took a few steps closer, not realizing she was being affected by a magnetic pull by the yet-to-be-revealed disaster. Her pulse rose as the anchor spoke.
"The Grand Gulf Nuclear Station in Mississippi has suffered a meltdown. Thousands are without power."
Edie sat her coffee on the table, listening to the woman on the screen give her the details of what was happening. The reactor had been taken offline and was in the cool-down phase. Most of the radioactive material was trapped with the melting core and was not released into the environment. 
Edie's gut clenched, and she felt faint. The woman spoke with a calm surety, but there was panic in her eyes that Edie recognized. It wasn't just this accident. It was the culmination of all three of the power plant disasters. Her gut was telling her something was wrong. Something was very wrong.
Edie left the breakroom, not even remembering to pick up her coffee.
Edie walked to her desk in a daze, her heart racing. She didn't sit down when she entered her cube but picked up her cell phone almost on instinct alone. Two missed calls. She checked her voice mail to hear Kylie's voice tell her the power had been out at her school for over two hours. If it didn't come back on, they would end classes. A second voice mail from the school confirmed Kylie's report.
Numbly, she walked to Greydon's office. Even though the door was open, she knocked on the frame. 
"Yes?" Greydon said, glancing up long enough to register who was there before he looked back to his computer screen.
"My daughters' school has lost power. They're talking about canceling classes. I may need to leave early to pick them up." Her voice was flat, unemotional. She wasn't sure what she should feel at the moment. Greydon fixed that for her.
"Alright. You can do that on your lunch break, right?" Greydon was staring at her now, his cold eyes drilling through her. "I need you here this afternoon."
"Uh," Edie started, not sure what to say. "I'm not sure if I could find a sitter on such short notice."
"Well, you need to work that out. Emergencies happen. You need to make sure they're provided for and take care of your job responsibilities." 
Edie's jaw clamped shut. She turned from his office without another word and stalked back to her cube. In that moment, she hated the man.
"Hypocrite!" she spat at her monitor, balling her fists so tightly her nails bit into her palms. She didn't care.
"What's that?" John asked behind her.
Edie sat in silence for a moment, letting her anger settle. She focused on her breathing until her pulse stopped pounding through her ears. John hadn't pressed. Instead of answering his question, she said, "Check CNN."
"I don't believe it," John said, his voice still chipper. "Edie is breaking the news to us?"
"Oh my God," Rachel gasped from down the row, having made it to the news site before John. "Again?"
John said nothing, but his silence was telling enough. The silence in the annex was harsh and cruel. Edie opened her instant messenger and clicked on Cassy's name.

Edith.Dawson: Have you seen the news yet?

There was a pause before Cassy answered. Edie imagined she was looking it up before responding. 

Cassandra.Shale: What in the world is going on? Why?

The message window stayed open, blinking at her, and Edie stared back at it. No words came. No questions. No answers. Nothing. Everything seemed to shift underneath her feet. She hadn't felt this lost when David left.
Minutes slipped by and still no one spoke to break the oppressive atmosphere that had settled on them. Then Greydon appeared, catching Edie off guard as he stopped outside her cube.
"I have to leave for the afternoon. My daughter needs picked up from school."
He didn't even meet Edie's eyes as he turned and walked away. She stared after him for a moment, her jaw dropped in shock. When she turned back to her computer, she pulled up the website for his daughter's school. Her suspicions were confirmed. The power was out and classes had been canceled. 
Edie checked her cell phone, but she hadn't received another call… yet. She waited, part of her revolting against doing any more work for Greydon for the rest of the day. If he didn't have to be here, then she didn't either.
Edie grabbed her cell phone, intending to call the school to check on the status, but as she dialed the number, a terrible static raged in the earpiece and the call was disconnected. She gave up without getting through and turned to her messenger instead.

Edith.Dawson: I need to pick the girls up from school soon. The power is out and they're canceling classes. Just FYI.
Cassandra.Shale: Wow, can't believe Greydon approved that. He DOES have a heart!
Edith.Dawson: Greydon didn't approve it.

Edie flipped back to the CNN website and searched for more information while waiting for Cassy to respond. Nothing else worthy had been reported yet. That was a good thing since the only change would be a confirmation that more radiation had leaked. She was still surfing the Internet when her phone buzzed. They had sent the notification that classes were canceled via text message. At least those were going through.
 Edie had to leave, but there was one last thing she was going to do. As Edie was pulling up the company directory, Cassy slipped into her cubicle.
"Where's your boss?" she whispered, peeking over the top of the cube. "His light is off."
"He had to go." Edie turned her chair around to face Cassy, wanting to watch her reaction while she delivered the news. "The power is out at his daughter's school and classes were canceled."
"What the hell?" Cassy said.
"He didn't say that," Rachel said, joining them at the cube. "What? Did you look it up?"
Edie nodded.
"Why is it just the schools?" Cassy asked.
"It's not." John joined the conversation. "There are blackouts all over the northern part of the city. We're just south of it. Barely. Power's probably out at your houses, too."
"Because I can afford to keep restocking the fridge." Rachel sighed. Out of the four of them, John was the only one who lived south of Vrydek.
"Aaron put in a generator, so we'll be okay for a little while at least. You can bring the girls over for dinner tonight if you want. You too, Rach." Cassy said, making an effort not to leave Rachel out.
"Thank you, but I'll just swing by my mom's if I can't hack it. She said she still has power." Rachel glanced at her phone, swiping her finger across it a few times before putting it down.
Edie waited for Cassy to look in her direction again before she spoke. "The man told me I needed to make sure I provided for my kids as well as being capable of taking care of my job responsibilities. He said that to me not two hours ago."
"What?" Cassy's eyebrows shot up, and then her face twisted in disgust. "How does that man keep a job?"
"Let's find out." Edie said, already having planned what she was about to do. If she had to choose between her girls or her job, it was an easy choice to make. With her qualifications, she would be able to find another job before things got dire. It wasn't the situation she wanted to be in, but she was angry enough to gamble.
Edie picked up her desk phone, testing it to make sure the static was absent. The dial tone met her ears, loud and clear. Her hand shook as she dialed an extension, and then she turned to her audience and held a finger to her lips, indicating silence. Cassy frowned at her, and Rachel looked back at her phone.
By the time a thick and heavy voice answered, her heart was pounding.
"Hello, Mr. Griffin. This is Edith Dawson at the North Texas branch."
"Yes." His voice rumbled, full of phlegm. "How may I help you, Ms. Dawson?"
"I'm so sorry to bother you. Mr. Greydon just left the building for the afternoon, and I wasn't able to catch him on his cell. We have a minor emergency here. Power has been out at our children's schools all morning, and we just got the notification classes have been canceled. I need to leave work to pick up my daughters. I'm sure since Mr. Greydon had to leave for the exact same reason, he would understand my situation, but I didn't feel right leaving my desk without letting management know."
Edie finished her spiel and sucked in a breath, holding it nervously. Cassy had both hands over her mouth, and Rachel was staring at her, jaw dropped, and phone forgotten in her hand. John had risen from his desk to join them. Edie would have laughed at their looks of astonishment if it wasn't for the hard knot cramping her stomach and the CEO breathing heavily on the other end of the phone. Each second his silence dragged out was equal to a ton of doubt being dumped into Edie's newly attained confidence. It was broken by a gooey snort.
"Greydon has left the building?"
"Yes, sir. It hasn't been over ten minutes," Edie replied, her nerves fraying one by one. She managed to add, "He probably doesn't want to answer his phone while he's driving."
"By all means, Ms. Dawson, take care of your family," he said, his voice noticeably warmer, amicable even. "All these damned reports will wait for you in the morning, don't we know it."
"Yes, sir," she said, somehow managing a polite chuckle at his work humor. "I appreciate your understanding."
"As do I appreciate the work you do for the company. It's such a great help to receive the W.A.R. first thing Monday morning. I'm glad Greydon turned that over to your capable hands. Should have let him do it months ago. We'll make sure that's remembered when it comes time for your review."
"Thank you, sir!" Edie said, hoping her enthusiasm didn't sound feigned. Her emotions were pulled so taut and twisted, she couldn't react properly. 
"Have a splendid afternoon with your daughters."
"Thank you, sir. Take care."
Her fingers shook as she reached up to disconnect the call, dropping her head as she released a pent-up breath.
"Oh my God, Edie!" Cassy gasped. "You just called William Griffin!"
Edie couldn't even manage a nod.
"That took a titanium set of balls right there," John said, which earned him a smack on the arm from Rachel.
"Ovaries." Rachel corrected him. "A titanium set of ovaries."
"Now," Edie said, her rapid pulse still making her voice shake. She stood, keys already in hand as she clutched her purse in the other. "Let's hope I don't get fired."
Unexpected Visitor



Despite what felt like a huge victory the day prior, the following morning found Edie a nervous wreck. The power had come back on the previous evening, assuring school was back in session so Edie would have to face Greydon. Her trick might have gotten sympathy out of Griffin, but as soon as Greydon found out what she had done, her head could very well be on the proverbial chopping block.
Edie's palms were sweaty against the steering wheel as she pulled into the parking lot, but she heaved a sigh of relief when she saw Greydon's usual parking spot empty. His absence was confirmed when she entered the building and saw his office door still closed from the janitorial night crew.
"He's not here, huh?" Edie asked as she sat down. Her relief was short-lived. The situation had turned into a ticking time-bomb, and that worry would not let her relax.
"Not yet," John answered. "Having regrets?"
"I'll keep you posted."
Edie turned on her monitor and clicked her mouse, but it didn't bring the computer out of sleep mode. She watched her dark reflection in the monitor frown back at her. Her computer was off. She reached under her desk to find the tower sitting snug in the corner and pressed the power button. The fan inside whirred to life, and the familiar splash screen popped up on the monitor, but it faded to black with gray text. Edie's eyes fixed on the first line.

Windows did not shut down successfully.

"Did we lose power here?" Edie asked.
"Nope." John answered right away.
Edie's eyebrows drew together in a frown. This was another strain on her taut nerves. "Did anyone mess with my computer yesterday?"
"Not that I saw," John said. "It was quiet after you left."
Edie selected the 'start windows normally' option and waited until her computer booted all the way. Everything seemed normal. She shrugged and opened her spreadsheets before opening the web browser to pull up any news regarding the latest tragedy in Mississippi. Most reports were identical to what had happened in Alabama, and the unease was growing… in the populace and in Edie.
When her phone rang mid-morning, she didn't even look at the ID before picking up. "Good morning, this is Edie."
"Ms. Dawson."
Had it been any other day, Edie wouldn't have remembered who that deep, rumbling voice belonged to, but she had talked to him just yesterday morning. Every muscle in her body clenched, but she did her best to sound chipper. "Good morning, Mr. Griffin. How are you doing?"
"Quite well, myself. Did your daughters make it in to school today?"
"Yes, sir." Edie answered without hesitation. "Power was restored yesterday evening. We're all back to business as usual."
"Good to hear," Griffin said in a kind voice. Edie noticed he spoke slowly, like his words had to swim through the phlegm that was impacted in his throat. "Could you transfer me to Greydon?"
Edie's mouth opened and closed twice before she got the words out. She had a decision to make, one that might have big ramifications. Edie knew she could transfer him, and if Greydon had his call forwarding on, it would go through to him without Griffin noticing a difference. Instead, Edie chose the other option.
"Mr. Greydon hasn't made it in yet."
"I see," Griffin said. "Thank you, Ms. Dawson. Have a pleasant day, and we'll be seeing you soon."
"You too, Mr. Griffin."
Edie eased the phone into the cradle, her fist remaining tightly wrapped around it even though the call was disconnected. She was stunned, staring at nothing as the conversation rolled over again in her mind. John and Rachel were both at her cubicle the second she hung up, but Edie barely noticed.
John was the first to break the silence. "What did you just do?"
Edie turned in her chair, staring up at him. She shrugged.
Rachel, on the other hand, was grinning evilly. "I think you know exactly what you just did."
Edie didn't share her elation. She had thrown Greydon to the wolves, calling him out to his boss, but if nothing came of it and Greydon found out…
Edie's hand went to her stomach where it roiled and turned. "I don't feel so well."
"It's probably those titanium ovaries you got in there. Might want to have that checked out," John said as he sat back down.
"One sec. I have just the thing," Rachel said as she rushed to her desk and came back a second later with a bottle of Tums. Edie held out her hand as Rachel opened the cap and shook a couple large tablets onto her palm. "Problem solved."
"For now," Edie said as she chewed the chalky tablets. They tasted like stale candy. "Griffin said, 'We'll see you soon."
Rachel's eyebrows shot up. "What is that supposed to mean? I haven't seen the bigwigs step foot in this building since they opened the annex."
Edie sighed, and all her energy seemed to flow out with that breath. She was emotionally drained after being wrung tight and needed a break. "I need some coffee."
Edie relaxed after the first sip slid down her throat. She retreated to her desk and clicked open her familiar spreadsheets, finding comfort in the many rows and columns that had become her virtual home. She liked spreadsheets. There were no surprises in the formulas and pivot tables, and they didn't judge her. As much as she hated having to stare at them day after day, they were also soothing in their reliability. Edie needed that right then.
She needed it even more when footsteps sounded down the hall, accompanied by the rustle of clothing as several people walked in. Edie heard Rachel slide her chair across the floor mat, standing to see who entered. Edie was too scared to look.
As the footsteps drew closer, obviously walking down her aisle between the cubicle and wall, Edie's heart hammered in her chest. She turned in her chair, terrified, but not surprised as the large, older man stepped into view. What did surprise her was the fact she was able to stand without her knees buckling underneath her.
"Ah, Ms. Dawson," Griffin said, extending his hand to her. Four people followed him, stopping as he did. Two of them wore sharp business suits, and the third was Jeffery, the on-site maintenance man. He looked bewildered by what was going on. The last was Owen Butler, the tiny little man who managed the financial side of the building. He looked sheepish and ashamed, but Greydon didn't report to him and he didn't report to Greydon. Edie wasn't sure why he was present, except he was one of the three on-site managers.
Edie somehow managed to extend her hand to Griffin. He didn't shake it but cupped it in his hands as he leaned toward her, smiling the whole while. "So nice to see you again."
"What a surprise, Mr. Griffin. We didn't expect you in today." It was all she could think to say. He released her hand, and she dropped it to her side, resisting the urge to wipe it across her pant leg. His palms were sweaty.
Griffin's eyes darted to Greydon's door, then back to her. "Sometimes a surprise visit is beneficial to Vrydek." His words drawled out in their slow, methodical way, but the warmness had fled. Even though he had been pleasant with her, she saw in his eyes the hard man that had run this small company for over twenty years.
"Jeffery, if you would be so kind as to open Mr. Greydon's door."
"Yes, sir." Jeffery said, hastily moving to the door and flipping through his master keyring until he singled out the one that would open Greydon's office.
Griffin turned his eyes back to Edie, "So, Ms. Dawson, what would happen if I were to call Greydon's office number right now."
Edie's eyes widened for a moment, but she recovered quickly. "It would go to voice mail unless he has his call forwarding set up."
Griffin smiled, his eyes crinkling at the corners. The smile looked sincere, but it was knowing. He knew what Edie had done. It appeared he was going to allow her to continue to play dumb, but he knew.
It was Edie's turn to have sweaty palms. For him to have traveled from Houston on such short notice, he had taken her tip-off seriously. She didn't recognize two people standing with him, though she thought one might have been from Human Resources.
Griffin made a show of pulling out his cell phone and scrolling through his contacts. He found Greydon's number and pressed the call button, holding the phone to his ear.
"Ah, Stephen," he said after a moment. "How are you today?" A pause. "Good, good. How are things in the annex? Right, right. No more power issues?"
With every answer Greydon had given, she had heard the buzz of his voice, although she wasn't able to make out the words. When Griffin asked about the power, there was silence for a moment before he answered.
"I see," Griffin responding, taking a step past Edie, peering at Greydon's now open but empty office. "No issues getting to the building this morning?"
Greydon's buzzing answer came quick, high pitched and affirmative. Edie couldn't be certain, but she could imagine Greydon's voice saying, "No problem at all."
"Then why aren't you here now?" The words came cold and hard. It was a tone Edie had not heard from the big man yet, and it filled her with unease. The room went silent except for the sound of Griffin's heavy breathing.
The response from Greydon came as a quick buzz. It was too short to be more than one word.
"I asked, why are you not in your office right now?"
This time, Edie heard nothing before Griffin disconnected the call without another word. He smiled at the woman in his group and motioned her forward. "After you, Ms. Caulfield."
The woman dressed in a slimming black pant suit, swept by him with a purposeful stride and disappeared into Greydon's office. Griffin turned his bulk around, giving Edie a nod as he did so. He then addressed everyone, his loud voice pushing past the phlegm. "Data team, if I could have your attention for a moment, I would like to introduce Mr. Malcolm Blevins."
John and Rachel appeared, an odd mix of tension and curiosity on both their faces. John extended his hand to Mr. Blevins in introduction, and Rachel stepped up to copy him. Blevins turned to Edie last, giving her a nod and smile. She managed a polite greeting, but she swallowed hard and focused on Mr. Griffin again.
"Mr. Blevins has been with the Austin plant for seven years now. He has volunteered to be my eyes and ears up here in North Texas while the company goes through some needed transitions. We would all appreciate any support you could give Malcolm as he adjusts to the new atmosphere. Things are a bit slower here on 4th Street than they are in Austin."
"Absolutely, Mr. Griffin," John said, sounding over eager. Mr. Griffin smiled and turned to waddle into Greydon's office as his procession followed, leaving a confused Jeffrey standing in the hall. Griffin sank his bulk into one of the small office chairs, filling the entire thing as his fat puddled into it. Edie retreated into her cubicle and sat down out of view of the door.
No one spoke. If John and Rachel were anything like Edie, they were too addled to work but too scared to be caught idle. Edie spent the morning shuffling through spreadsheets and straining to overhear any stray word. 
They all waited for the appearance of Stephen Greydon.
Coffee



Edie messaged Anmarie, the receptionist, promising to give her the scoop of all she knew as long as there was a warning when Greydon came in. When the telltale blinking started, Edie closed the window and stood to stretch as if nothing was out of the ordinary. She said, "I think I need another cup of coffee."
She stepped out of her cubicle and gave Griffin a smile as she approached Greydon's office. She asked, "Would you like a cup of coffee? I'm heading to the breakroom now."
"That would be splendid," he answered, and motioned to Blevins who was the only one standing in the room. "Malcolm, would you care to help Ms. Dawson fetch us a round? Perhaps she has time to give you the tour as well."
"Sounds like a good idea," Malcolm said, smiling as he joined Edie.
Edie didn't expect that, but it wouldn't alter her plan. She just hoped she timed everything right as she started for the breakroom with Malcolm Blevins close behind her. 
Then she heard him. The quick steps stomping down the hallway could only belong to Greydon. She stopped before he turned the corner, not having to improvise the deer-in-headlights look that streaked her face as her boss nearly blustered into her.
Greydon stopped short when he saw her, his laptop bag swinging off his shoulder and thumping into his hip. His face flamed ten different shades of red, and his skin shone with sweat. After a moment, he seemed to notice Malcolm and turned his attention on him.
"Who are you?" he asked, his usual lack of tact catching Edie by surprise, given the situation. Greydon almost certainly knew his situation was grim. He should have striven to be more cordial.
"Malcolm Blevins, Assistant Branch Manager for our Austin location." Malcolm extended his hand, and that knocked Greydon down a few notches. He reset the heavy laptop bag on his shoulder and briskly shook Blevins's hand. "Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Greydon."
Greydon stuttered, visibly struggling to catch his balance after Malcolm’s introduction. Edie savored the moment. An Assistant Branch Manager was what it took to rustle his jimmies, and Edie got the impression he still didn't believe Griffin was in the building.
Then a heavy voice filled the air. It was hard and chilly, sounding as if doom had come to the annex. "Mr. Greydon."
Greydon's eyes grew wide, darting between Malcolm and her before he turned his head to see Griffin standing in his office door. His words came out as a wheeze. "Mr. Griffin?"
"I would have a word with you in this office. Malcolm, please join us when you can. That coffee still sounds splendid," Griffin said, rolling his bulk around and shuffling back through the doorway. He made it look small. Edie hadn't missed the lack of a possessive term when he spoke to Greydon. She wondered if Greydon had caught it.
Greydon stood frozen for a moment before turning to inspect Malcolm again. Then his eyes fell on Edie and narrowed. Even if he never knew what she had done, he laid the blame at her feet. Edie allowed the edge of her lip to curl into a slight smile as she stared back. If she lost her gamble, then it wouldn't matter, but if she won... Edie refused to let this tiny moment of triumph pass by.
Greydon turned and walked away, his steps subdued. Edie watched until the door closed behind him, and then calmly turned to Malcolm. "Shall we?"
Malcolm glanced at her and grinned. "I must say, that was well timed, Ms. Dawson." As Edie led him away, he whispered, "Part of me thinks it might have been on purpose."
Edie gasped, looking at him in shock. It wasn't feigned. Her surprise was that she had been so transparent. She managed to mumble one word. "Coincidence."
"Don't worry," he said. "Your secret is safe with me."
Edie grit her teeth and pushed past the subject as she led him to the breakroom, immediately reaching for a stack of styrofoam cups. "So, are you originally from Austin?"
"I actually started out in the Houston branch," Malcolm told her as she sat the cups out while he poured the coffee. Edie was grateful there was a full pot waiting on them. "But now my family is up north, so when they offered me the position in Austin, there was nothing tying me down. I hope to manage my own branch one day."
Edie grew silent, not sure of what to think of his bold statement. It was another confirmation that things were about to change in the small annex she worked in.
"I know this isn't our biggest branch, but a lot of product is run through here," Malcolm said as he looked at her. "There's talk of expansion."
Malcolm's eyebrows were raised in suggestion, but Edie wasn't sure what he was getting at. His statement was pointedly made toward her. When the outside breakroom door opened, she was grateful for the interruption until she saw Westley walk in. She bit the inside of her cheek and stared down at the cups of coffee, immediately knowing where she had erred. 
Edie's thoughts had been so concentrated on Griffin and Greydon, she hadn't bothered to check the time. With so much going on, it had slipped her mind. Westley looked between the two of them, giving Malcolm a curious look before offering a polite smile to them both.
"Good morning," he said as he walked in, glancing at the five coffee cups sitting on the counter with barely any coffee left in the decanter. "I see you found the coffee."
"Oh, did you we steal your coffee?" Edie said as she added guilt to the twist in her stomach. "You can have my cup. I'll get another pot on."
"No worries." He offered her another smile, but his eyes didn't sparkle like they did before. He moved to the sink and scrubbed his hands. "I hear you have guests this morning."
"Yes." Edie cringed. Colliding with Westley had her flustered beyond reason. She was desperately trying not to turn into a basket case. "This is Mr. Blevins from the Austin branch. He's here for a visit, along with Mr. Griffin."
"Call me Malcolm. Please." Malcolm stepped up, extending his hand as Westley finished drying his off.
Westley shook it firmly and introduced himself. "Westley Thorne. Warehouse and Operations Manager."
"Ah, Mr. Thorne—" 
"Westley," Westley interrupted him, offering Malcolm a charming smile that Edie recognized. "Please."
Malcolm chuckled. "Of course, Westley. You keep things running smoothly up here. I was just telling Edith that we've been toying with some expansion ideas. A large part of that is attributed to how well you run your warehouse."
"That's the best news I've heard all week."
"I'm sure Mr. Griffin would like to meet with you before he leaves."
"Absolutely," Westley grinned. This time it was true and enthusiastic. "Just give me a warning to get cleaned up first. Sometimes the dust takes a bit of work to get rid of."
Edie had started another pot of coffee while the men talked, but her eyes kept straying to the two men, watching their actions, gauging their reactions. It was all polite and cordial.
Edie held out her cup to Westley once again trying to offer him her coffee. "Here. Take it. I feel guilty I took it all."
Westley glanced down at the cup before settling on her. The sparkle was back. It was faint, but it was there. His lips curved into a crooked grin and he leaned over to peek around her. The decanter was quickly filling up again with a new batch. He said, "Thank you, Edie, but there's no need."
Edie glanced at the coffeepot and back to Westley with a blush. She mouthed, "Sorry," as she picked up the other two cups while Malcolm followed her lead. Westley hurried to get the door for the both of them, and she cast one last look back. This time, his gaze lingered on her as the door closed. The whole exchange made her feel sad all over again.
Malcolm followed her in silence, and when they knocked on the office door, Owen was the one that answered. He took the offered cups from Edie, and then Malcolm slipped into the room, shutting the door behind him.
The only glimpse Edie caught of Greydon was him slumped in a chair while the woman had his laptop in her hands. Things did not look like they were going well for Stephen Greydon, and that meant it was all going right for her. The elation struggled in the pit of her stomach with all her other jumbled emotions and eventually won out.
Edie turned to her cube, dropping into her chair and exhaling. It was time to feign working for the rest of the day.
Box



By the time lunch rolled around, nothing new had happened. Occasionally, Greydon's office door opened to let someone in or out, but it sealed up again right away. The only one she didn't see leave was Greydon himself. If only she could be a fly on the wall in that room.
Edie clocked out and slipped up to the receptionist's desk before Cassy got there. She had a promise to keep to Anmarie. Even still, Edie wasn't comfortable spilling all the details to the receptionist but managed to supply the cliff notes. She made sure to leave out the part she played that brought Griffin up from Houston. That news would get around without her help. John wasn't one to gossip, but Rachel liked to chatter, and office drama was always high priority conversation. 
Anmarie was pelting her with questions, not satisfied with Edie's guarded and vague answers, but Edie stayed put until Cassy showed up to save her. She grabbed Edie's arm and practically dragged her outside. 
As soon as they were locked inside Cassy's car, she looked at Edie and screamed, "Oh my god!"
They both burst into nervous laughter. Edie told her as much of the full story as she could remember, from the moment Griffin walked in to Greydon being imprisoned in his own office. They had no concrete information to work with, but the speculation didn't look good for Greydon. Edie had to bank on him losing his job or her life would be a living hell. That was an outcome Edie didn't want to think about.
What she wanted to think about was how she won against an impossible situation, and that's what the two women focused on during lunch. Edie thought it best not to be away from Vrydek for long, so they cut lunch short. She didn't want to chance being absent if a new development arose. 
When she was back in her cube, nothing had changed. John gave her a whispered update stating Malcolm had ordered takeout from the local Chinese market on the corner, but that was it. Edie wondered if they were even letting Greydon eat.
And then it happened. 
Without warning, the door opened and Greydon stepped out with Mr. Blevins, Ms. Caulfield, and frail Owen following him. The quiet was stifling. Edie desperately wanted to stand up, but she didn't dare. She had to settle for the quick glimpse she caught of Greydon—his laptop bag replaced by a small cardboard box—as he was led out of the annex. Griffin followed, albeit slower, and Greydon's office was vacated. 
Edie waited, looking to John and Rachel as they all stood once the procession left the annex, and they both turned to Edie. 
"Now what?" John asked her, but he was grinning.
"Hell if I know," Edie said, unable to stop the smile from blooming on her face.
"I can't believe you did it," Rachel added.
"We are free!" John threw his hands up in the air in dramatic fashion, and Edie winced at how loudly he said it.
"Sit down," she snapped. "We still have work to do."
John only laughed. "I doubt I'm getting anything productive done today."
"I know, right?" Rachel said, already pulling out her phone. "I have zero concentration right now."
Edie shook her head and turned to her computer, but they were right. Nothing was getting done, although Edie tried. She diligently sorted her spreadsheet and ran her macros, but that was the end of her productivity. Her research consisted of the same three lines over and over again because she couldn't concentrate enough to remember where she left off. Instead of becoming frustrated at her ineptness, she giggled.
Edie didn't notice the change right away due to her elation. At first, she thought it was a side effect of her excitement, but her head was buzzing. It was slight until the little tickle in her teeth finally caught her attention. She reached up with both hands to press her fingertips against her cheeks, but the feeling didn't transfer. It was all inside her head.
Edie clamped her teeth together, and it subdued the odd feeling. She was beginning to grow concerned when her ears popped, and the buzzing vanished.
"What the hell?" John muttered behind her. Edie barely registered it as she sat still, waiting to see if the odd buzzing would come back. She shook her head, but everything was clear again.
"What is it?" She turned in her chair toward John's cubicle, his disturbance finally winning her attention over the weird phenomenon in her head.
"Computer crashed," he answered, but his voice was muffled. He was already under his desk, fishing for the power button. "And won't power back up. I guess I really am done for the day."
"Because you were so busy before?" Rachel chuckled. "I just had a Facebook quiz tell me I'm most like Princess Jasmine."
"That's great, Rach," John snipped, obviously not interested in her exploits. 
Edie stood, stepping to the side of John's cube. "Try unplugging the power cord from the tower and plugging it back in."
John, on his hands and knees under the desk, turned to look at her over his shoulder. "Are you our I.T. now, too?"
Edie rolled her eyes at him. "Just try it. I have an ancient computer at home. Sometimes that helps."
"Fine," John said, and Edie watched him with amusement as he struggled to free the cord from the back of the computer. It resisted. When he managed to pull it loose, he turned to Edie and asked, "How long am I supposed to leave it out?"
Edie shrugged. "Few seconds. Not long."
John turned to the tower and fought with the power cord, unable to line the cord up with its socket. He grumbled and crept further under his desk, pulling the tower out for a better reach…
And he screamed.
"Jesus!" John jumped under the table, banging his head on his desk and causing everything to bounce. Edie took an involuntary step backward as Rachel appeared beside her.
"What? What happened?" she asked, her eyes wide.
John didn't answer right away, instead rearing back to grab his stapler and take it back under with him. He slammed it on the floor a few times before he sat back and sighed. Edie and Rachel were gawking at him.
"Big-assed spider under there," he said as he reached up to rub the back of his head. "That hurt like a son of a bitch, too."
Edie tried not to laugh. She retreated to her desk, giggling, while John continued his struggle.
Moments later, he said, "Hot damn, that worked."
"You don't have to sound so surprised."
"You're right," he said. "I'll never doubt you again, Edie. Twice today, you've been my hero."
Edie sighed heavily, making sure he heard her, but she was busy grabbing her phone so she could pull up her flashlight app. She was in the process of thoroughly investigating the dark corners under her desk to make sure there were no spiders lying in wait to eat her toes.
Edie hated spiders.
Creature



The morning after Griffin shook things up, the official email went out to all employees stating that Stephen Greydon was no longer with Vrydek, having left to pursue offers elsewhere. 
Included in the email was Griffin's plan for the data department. He would not leave them headless. That was where Malcolm Blevins came in. He wasn't a replacement for Greydon, but the acting branch manager of the North Texas division until the proper personnel could be found to manage the Data Team. He did, however, take Greydon's office. 
In the days that followed, the dust settled, and the gossip died. Edie continued to work the W.A.R. for Griffin while Malcolm adjusted to his new role, and it was soon back to business as usual. Not much changed, except the oppressive air that permeated the annex had dissipated. Edie no longer dreaded going to work every day.
It had become a habit for Edie to check the news sites every morning for updates on the Mississippi power plant disaster, but the media seemed to regurgitate the same information over and over, and the blogs and eyewitness reports were full of conspiracy theorists and doom-sayers that made Edie feel worse. 
The following Saturday after her triumph over Greydon, Edie was relaxing via her usual method: a thorough spring cleaning. She turned the music up on her new Bluetooth speaker and set to work. The house was a small, two-bedroom rental, but it was the perfect space for her and the girls. While she worked her way through the kitchen and living room, Kylie and Anisa sought shelter in her bedroom. Anisa had taken control of her small television, and Kylie had confiscated her laptop. 
Edie was dusting the media cabinet, singing her heart out right along with Cher, when Kylie screamed. Edie jumped, her heartbeat quickening as she raced down the hallway to Kylie's long screech of "MAMA!"
She didn't say 'mom', but 'mama'. Kylie only reverted to 'mama' when the situation was dire. As soon as she hit the bedroom threshold, she saw both girls standing next to the wall, and Kylie throwing an accusing finger at the laptop. Anisa was grasping Kylie's other hand, a mix of fear and confusion on her face.
"What?" Edie said, studying her girls for injury. No blood. No red marks. No tears. That was good.
"There's something there," Kylie said in a whiny voice. "Something crawled off the laptop. Some type of creature!"
"A creature?" Anisa said, having trouble pronouncing the word.
Edie turned to the laptop, seeing it was open but turned over on the bed. It was strewn across the carrying bag where it lay abandoned. Edie flipped on the overhead light and inched toward the bed, although she refused to touch anything just yet. She recalled John's spider encounter at work, and even though she never saw it, what she saw crawling around in her mind was much worse.
"Where was it?" Edie asked.
"It crawled behind it." Kylie folded her hands in front of her mouth and bounced on her tiptoes in a squeamish, spider-seeing fashion. 
Edie reached up and pushed the laptop on its side, the L shape of the monitor and keyboard supporting it. She saw nothing, but the dark brown and black pattern of her bedspread could easily camouflage an unwanted guest. With two fingers, she carefully lifted the laptop by one corner of the screen, awkwardly trying to support its weight without dropping it.
"Do you see anything?" Edie asked the girls as she tried to inspect every place on the laptop before getting a better grip on it. Kylie stepped forward to assist but shook her head. 
"Is the creature there?" Anisa asked. She was a lot braver than her sister, pushing past Kylie to press against the bed for a better look.
After a thorough scrutiny of the laptop, Edie grabbed it with both hands and spun it over, searching for any sign of a spider or 'creature', but again came up empty. She sat the laptop on her nightstand and turned to the bag.
"I think I'll set that outside for a bit to let whatever came in with it go free," Edie said, and Kylie nodded, her hands still balled up at her mouth. 
Edie sat the bag on the front porch and returned to her bedroom to rip the bedding off her mattress. It was time to give them a good washing. If she didn't do it, she would end up haunted by creepy, crawly dreams and wind up sleeping on the couch. 
The commotion excited Anisa, but Kylie wanted nothing to do with it. She abandoned the laptop in favor of the living room television. Eventually, Anisa wore down enough to join her, and Edie was able to finish her cleaning. By the time bedtime rolled around, Edie was more than ready to crawl in between her freshly laundered sheets and get some shuteye.
It was a little after midnight when the odd buzzing invaded Edie's sleep. Mired deep in her dream world, the disturbance wasn't enough to wake her, at least not until the 'pop' broke the spell. Edie opened her eyes, staring at the dark ceiling above her as her mind separated dream from reality. 
She realized it was deathly quiet, and Edie wondered if the silence woke her. She rolled to her side, intending to check the clock on her nightstand, but the face was blank. Edie raised her head, looking out into the hall. The night light between her room and the girls was still on, so the electricity had not gone out again.
Sitting up, Edie reached for the dead alarm clock, and her hand brushed past her laptop as she hadn't bothered to move it since the creature incident. That was dead too, but it probably ran out of battery. The alarm clock on the other hand…
Edie was reluctant to turn the lamp on, but she did anyway, squinting both eyes shut until she managed to open one a slit to see out. She moved to pick up the clock, but dropped it immediately, jumping back as her fingers burned. The thing was hot! 
Edie pressed her fingers to her lips, already feeling them cool. She realized the clock hadn't been hot enough to burn her, but it had startled her in her sleep-addled state. She tapped her fingertips across the plastic top to check the temperature and decided it wasn't worth moving. Instead, she traced the cord to the wall behind her nightstand and unplugged it.
"I'll deal with you in the morning," she mumbled as she crawled out of bed and shuffled to her half-bath to pee. She didn't bother turning on the light. The linoleum was cold on her feet, a sharp contrast to her fingertip's memory of the heated clock. She shivered, but it wasn't from the cold. All the odd circumstances—the creature Kylie saw, the weird dreams, and the defective alarm clock—had her on edge.
Edie padded through the hallway to the girls’ room, checking in on them. Anisa was flopped on her stomach on the bottom bunk with one foot hanging over the edge, and Kylie was curled into a small ball on the top bunk. Both of them were sleeping peacefully while the small, trusty fan whirred away in the corner.
She ghosted through the rest of the house, searching for the culprit of her uneasy feeling, but decided it was all in her head. She returned to her bedroom, turning off the light and slipping between her cool sheets. Although she found nothing wrong, the unease remained, and it felt like hours before she fell back asleep.
Promotion



The following Monday morning, reality settled in. While taking breaks from handling her job responsibilities, Edie continued her search for news on the Mississippi meltdown. In her quest for information, she came across other articles concerning the many blackouts that spread across the southern part of the United States. Her discovery of the widespread phenomenon left her feeling uneasy and jittery. 
When John dropped a binder on his desk with a loud thwap, Edie gasped and jumped in her chair. Gritting her teeth, she exhaled through her nose and closed the browser. It was getting her nowhere. She dove into her work to forget the troubles of the world, but the ringing phone interrupted her before she could get started. As was her habit, she didn't glance at the I.D. when she answered.
"Edith," the voice said, causing Edie to sit up straighter. How many times had she been here before with Greydon saying that same thing to her? She glanced at the phone, seeing Malcolm's name on the I.D. screen, but it didn't help her relax. Malcolm continued. "When you have a second, I could use your help with something."
His voice crackled, and static crawled in and out of the call, but Edie caught everything he said. She responded as she would have to Greydon. "Yes, sir. I'll be right there."
Edie stood, taking a deep breath before she walked into his office. A familiar, anxious knot formed in her stomach even though she told herself in her mind that Malcolm Blevins was not Stephen Greydon.
She held her breath as she poked her head through the doorway, saying, "Yes, sir?"
"Good morning!" Malcolm called out, giving her a pleasant smile. The change was so drastic compared to what she was used to, it was enough to break the nervous feeling of déjà vu. "Come in, if you would. I'd like to talk to you about some job responsibilities real quick."
Edie eased into the room, pulling one of the side chairs in front of Malcolm's desk and wondered if it was too forward of her to sit. However, Malcolm appeared to expect it—even invited it—and Edie found herself sitting before him, staring into his kind eyes. Even though his nose was a little too big and the whiskers of his mustache were more white than brown, his eyes glowed, traced by fine wrinkles when he smiled.
"I've spoken with Mr. Griffin about it, and he agreed it would be a good idea if you would cross-train me on the W.A.R.. We've discussed taking this responsibility off you for a short time while you are trained on a few other things."
"Other… Things?" Edie asked, unsure where this conversation was going.
"Yes. I wasn't sure how to break this to you, but we'd like to shift your responsibilities. You are an asset to Vrydek, and we believe Mr. Greydon wasn't utilizing your skills properly."
Edie nodded while he spoke, but her mouth had gone dry, and her heart thumped in her chest. 
Is he talking about a raise?
Malcolm continued when Edie remained silent. "We would like to expand the data team. Bring in a couple new bodies to deal with the trivial tasks, while the seasoned members, John and Rachel, can focus on the critical data."
Where did that leave her? Her palms itched as they became sweaty.
"If you're interested, we think you would be the best fit as the point person to oversee the team."
Edie opened her mouth to speak, but her mind was blank. She sat staring at Malcolm for a few moments until she recovered enough to ask, "Like a Team Lead?"
"More like a Supervisor." He smiled then, showing a row of perfect, white teeth, and it drew the corners of Edie's lips up despite her shock. Not just a raise, but a promotion!
"I, uh, yes. Yes, sir, I am interested." It took her a second to get the words out, but when she did, they came out in a giddy rush. Edie had to clamp her mouth closed to hang on to any semblance of professionalism.
"Good to hear. Mr. Griffin and I both agree we need to fill this gap, and you are an excellent candidate. You know the company prefers to promote from within before looking outside to fill a position."
"Yes. Thank you!" Edie gushed a little, despite every effort she made to hold it back. "I really appreciate this."
"Well." He smiled again, a kind smile that matched his eyes. "We appreciate you, Edith."
Edie dropped her gaze and spoke to her hands folded in her lap after finding the courage to tell him, "It's Edie, actually. No one calls me Edith."
"Edie?" Malcolm said, testing her nickname out. "It suits you more than Edith, I'll admit."
It was hard to contain her smile. The man was the complete opposite of Greydon. Younger, but a little pudgy around the middle and far less stern. This more personable man would be a welcome change Edie would have to get used to. 
"If you aren't busy, could you walk me through the report?" he asked while Edie was contemplating her new situation. 
That got her attention, and she raised her head. This was a good opportunity to become accustomed to working with him. "Yes. Now is good."
"Okay, why don't you pull up a chair? I'm a quick study, so I promise not to take up too much of your time."
"Oh, it's no problem at all," Edie said, pulling her chair around the desk. It skidded across the carpet and banged against the desk once before Edie got it under control with a blush. 
Once settled, Edie glanced at Malcolm's screen to see the necessary data pulled up and ready to go. Edie sat as far away from him as possible while still being able to instruct. She walked him through the steps of compiling the data, teaching him the formula and setting up macros. From time to time, she had to lean in close, causing his aftershave to tickle her nose. It was crisp and clean and prompted her to lean back every time she caught a whiff. She would not jeopardize her new position by sniffing her boss.
"I think you've got it," Edie said. The man wasn't joking about being a quick study. Either he had already been through the W.A.R. with someone else or he had a photographic memory.
"Awesome," he said with a grin, looking boyish for a moment despite his years. "Let's run through it one more time."
Edie smiled and nodded, watching as he closed the old file and reopened the data into a fresh sheet. He began the import, and his laptop whirred as everything else went dark and silent. Edie froze as the electrical hum of the room died. 
"Well, that's not good," Malcolm said as his laptop continued to buzz, running off its battery. However, it sat in a docking station, and the monitor attached to it was as dark as the rest of the annex. Edie waited for her eyes to adjust to the dimness, but the office was at the back of the building and had no windows. 
"I know the main lobby has a small, backup generator, but we aren't as lucky in the annex," Edie offered as Malcolm shifted beside her. His phone flared to life in his hands as he scrolled through the apps to find his flashlight.
Outside the room, a larger light sparked into view. Edie and Malcolm stood together, and Malcolm held his phone out, trying to light the way for her as she took a few cautious steps from behind the desk. She was making her way forward with Malcolm right behind her when she ran into the second guest chair. 
Edie gasped as she fell forward over the chair, but a strong hand wrapped around her arm and pulled her upright. This caused her to pinwheel backward into Malcolm, driving her healed pump into the toe of his shoe. 
Malcolm grunted.
"I'm so sorry," Edie blurted, her cheeks flaming. "Are you okay?" 
"I'm fine," he said, taking a step away from her. "How's the chair?"
There was a moment of silence as Edie wondered at his words before he chuckled. The joke caught her off guard—this room wasn't a place to laugh—but by the time a light shown on them from the hallway, Edie was giggling. 
"You okay in there?" John asked. He had prepared by bringing in a flashlight for such emergencies. Edie barely stifled a groan of disappointment at herself. Out of all the things Edie had bought in preparation, she never thought to bring any of it to work.
"Oh, thank you." It came out in one breath as Edie followed the beam of light out of the office. It wasn't much brighter in the big room, but the small windows at the front offered a little light.
"We should head over to the main building," Malcolm said as they gathered around Rachel's cube. She had done the smart thing and not moved during the power outage. Although she pulled her phone out, it wasn't for light. Edie glimpsed the social media site Rachel was scrolling through and smirked. If Malcolm noticed, he said nothing.
"I'll lead the way," John said, and the small group headed toward the breakroom. Malcolm followed, waiting for Edie as she stopped to grab her purse. 
As soon as they left the annex behind, John put his flashlight away. The generator only powered the emergency lights, but with the wide windows in the breakroom, it was nice and bright. Before they made it to the main door, the outside door opened and a group of warehouse workers stepped in, led by Westley. 
Edie froze in the procession, and Malcolm stepped around her, moving to address the man that had captured her attention. Westley's uniform was dusty, but his eyes somehow managed to capture the dim light of the room. 
"I think we've lost power over the entire site," Westley said to Malcolm.
"Let your boys have a break," Malcolm answered. "We'll be waiting in the front until the power comes back."
"I'll be in after I get everyone situated outside." Westley turned and exited the same way he came in. Edie tried to pull her eyes away but failed. He never even looked at her.
Brake



Edie found Cassy sitting at her desk, busy texting. Edie assumed it was a message to Aaron. She perched on the desk corner and waited for Cassy to finish.
"Can you believe this?" she asked, looking up at Edie.
"Yes." Edie's voice was flat and dry. "With everything that's happened? Yes, I can."
"It shouldn't be like this."
"The power will come back soon. It's just an outage because they haven't gotten that second reactor back up in Comanche Peak."
Cassy sighed. "Why is this the new normal?"
Edie leaned close to her and whispered, "Well, it's better than working right now. You should enjoy the break."
Cassy leaned back in her chair, folding her arms in front of her. "I guess. You sound all level-headed like Aaron. It's annoying."
Edie laughed and shook her head, looking around the room as she did so. Her eyes paused on Malcolm for a moment, who was sitting in Owen's office. She toyed with the idea of telling Cassy about her promotion. After chewing on her lip in consideration, she decided to wait until something official came out. Edie didn't want to jinx herself.
Westley entered a few minutes later, joining Malcolm and Owen. Edie tried very hard not to watch as the three managers collected to discuss plans for the office, annex, and plant workers. Everyone grouped up in conversations, chatting for over an hour before one of the other accounting employees grew brave enough to approach the three who had sequestered themselves. Edie was glad someone did because she wasn't going to do it. The conversation died down in the main room while everyone waited for word from the managers. It was quiet enough to hear Malcolm declare he would put in a call to Griffin.
Malcolm closed the door, leaving the main lobby quiet and full of tension. Someone whispered hopes of having the afternoon off. When Malcolm opened the door and announced the verdict from Griffin, shoulders slumped throughout the room.
"Mr. Griffin would like us to wait a little longer to see if the power comes back. We all know these things are fickle and the lights could be back on any minute."
Everyone nodded their acceptance, but the snippets of conversation Edie picked up proved no one was happy about it. Edie huffed with a shake of her head. Everyone there was an hourly employee aside from the small management team, literally getting paid to do nothing. With the girls in school, Edie wouldn't have anything to do if she did go home. Not the worst way to spend the afternoon. 
However, Malcolm's translation of Griffin's request to wait 'a little longer' turned out to be fifteen minutes. He asked for volunteers to be on call in case the power came back early enough in the day, and Edie rushed to add her name. She figured that was the smart thing to do since she just received a promotion. Malcolm smiled and thanked her. 
As Cassy passed her, she rolled her eyes at Edie and added her name on the list. Edie smiled to herself, knowing Cassy had only done it because Edie had.
"All right, come on," Cassy said as she got back to her desk, grabbing her arm and pulling her through the door.
"Wait, what? Where are we going?"
Cassy gave her a mischievous grin and laughed, "Anywhere! Let's go shopping. When do we ever get a chance to go out like this?"
"So, the world’s ending, and you want—"
Cassy cut her off. "Yes, the world is ending, and that's exactly what I want to do. The question is, who's driving?"
Edie shook her head, another smile on her face. Cassy was half crazy over all the malfunction incidents, but a fun crazy. "You're driving. You seem to be the one who knows where we're going."
Cassy drove them to the new outdoor mall. Streets of shops that stretched over a mile. They grabbed lunch at a nice Mexican restaurant and spent the rest of the time browsing the many stores. Neither one of them ever got a call to come back to work. 
Once the shopping was done, Cassy had to return Edie to her car. Edie was surprised Cassy hadn't given up on the radio yet. Twice, the blaring of the emergency broadcast system broke into the song, but nothing came after it. The disruption was such a commonplace occurrence now, neither one of the women commented on it.
Once Edie was in her own car, Edie plugged in her MP3 player and listened to her music without interruption. It didn't fix the problem, but at least it was out of Edie's mind as she made it to school just as the classes released. Edie enjoyed seeing both her daughter's faces brighten in a smile when they saw her. They didn't mind their after-school classes, but Edie being there to pick them up early was a special treat.
After they were in the car—Anisa secure in her booster seat, and Kylie beside her in the back—Edie asked, "What do you little ladies want for dinner?"
They cried back the same word in unison; the word Edie expected.
"Pizza!"
Edie laughed. The girls loved pizza and would always pick it if given the choice. "Okay, let me call it in. We'll pick up the pie on the way home."
"Yay!" they both called out, eliciting another grin from Edie as she pulled up the number from her list of contacts. That number was saved under 'Best Pizza Place Ever' she called it so often, and she allowed Anisa to attach the name.
Edie placed the order with no phone trouble, and she swung through a gas station to fill up. The girls sat patiently in the back as Edie swiped her card at the pump and waited for the authorization. It didn't come. Instead, a message came up that read see cashier.
Edie huffed. She glared at her credit card and tried again but received the same message. She frowned, knowing there shouldn't be anything wrong with her card. Edie had always been too paranoid to leave the girls in the car without her for any length of time, so she dragged both of them into the station with her, letting them pick out one snack each.
When she got to the counter after chasing the girls around the store—letting them decide on one treat seemed to take ten minutes—Edie asked the attendant, "Is there something wrong with the pumps? My card wouldn't go through."
"Pump nine, right?" the kid behind the counter asked. "We've been having problems with that one all day. I can turn it on from here. How much do you want?"
"Pre-pay twenty-five, please." Edie guessed, but she was pretty sure that would be close to what she needed to top off her tank. Once she got the girls squared away, she found herself off by only ninety-three cents. 
"Clever girl," Edie giggled to herself, and hopped back in the car. "To the pizza we shall go!"
The girls cheered at the declaration, and Edie glanced at the clock, seeing they'd wasted enough time. The pizza should be ready on arrival. Her stomach was still full after the lunch she had with Cassy, but a slice wouldn't hurt.
Edie headed for the highway. Traffic wouldn't be bumper to bumper for another thirty minutes, and Edie thought the short two-mile stretch would be faster than taking the back roads. Edie accelerated up the on-ramp, checking over her shoulder to merge when her ears began to buzz. 
The hum in her ears vibrated, causing a deep itch. She pressed a finger against her left ear and wiggled it, hoping that would satisfy the itch. The girls, unaware that anything was wrong, sang along with Edie's MP3 player. They knew all the words to the few songs Edie had, but Edie couldn't sing with them. The persistent tickle demanded her attention, broke her concentration, and spread to her teeth.
Oh God, not again, she thought, clamping her teeth shut. It dampened the buzzing, but the phenomenon worried her. Was she having a stroke?
Edie realized she was going too slow for a merge and tried to speed up. At least the traffic was thin, and she slid onto the highway without disturbing another driver. However, her problems were only getting worse as the buzzing increased in intensity. 
Kylie continued to sing, but Anisa had stopped. Her youngest wanted her attention, but Edie struggled to keep her focus on the road, aiming to get off at the next exit. The buzzing was impossible to ignore, and Anisa's insistent 'Mamas' from the backseat didn't help.
Then everything stopped. 
Edie's ears popped, and the car went silent. Kylie's singing trailed away, and with the shifting of everything inside Edie's head, she didn't notice the radio had stopped playing music. That added to her confusion, and her inability to process what was going on. It was all happening too fast. The lights on the dash disappeared, and the car was slowing at a frightening rate. Her foot slammed down on the gas pedal, but nothing happened. The car had stalled.
"Mom, what's wrong?" Kylie asked, her voice concerned, but Edie was quickly turning frantic. She couldn't form the words to respond. The situation was dangerous, and adrenaline and fear shot through her body, making her hands shake as both caught the steering wheel in a white-knuckled grip. Her eyes darted to the review mirror. A rusted, old truck with one busted headlight was speeding up on her.
After losing too many precious seconds, Edie's reactions finally kicked in. Her hand slapped the hazard-light button, but even that was dead. Edie cranked the wheel to the side, but without the battery fueled power steering, the wheel battled against her and resisted turning. She veered toward the shoulder, a wide shoulder with a flush green span of grass beyond it, but the truck behind her didn't slow. 
Edie fixated on the letters that used to spell out Chevrolet across the grill. The ‘H' and ‘E' were missing, leaving the grill discolored. It was closing the distance far too fast, and Edie couldn't pull her eyes away. She barely saw the sun-glassed man behind the wheel.
At the last second, the truck swerved around her, blaring his horn as if Edie wasn't aware she was an obstacle on a busy interstate. Edie didn't have the emotional resources to spare to be angry at him, at least not yet. She made it halfway onto the shoulder when she saw it coming. The SUV that was behind the Chevy, speeding along at a steady pace, blocked from her view by the asshole that didn't signal.
The SUV braked, and the sound of screeching tires coming at her chilled her to the bone. Edie's eyes were fixed on the review mirror. The SUV tried to swerve, but it was too late. They were already too close. Tears of frustration and fear filled Edie's eyes as the SUV rammed the driver's side back bumper. The girls screamed as their car lurched forward over the shoulder and onto the grass. Edie screamed too. She tried to hit the brake, seeing the safety embankment fast approaching, but the pedal resisted her attempt to stomp it down. The car slammed nose first into the soft wall of dirt, and a hard punch drove Edie back into her seat as an acrid cloud of dust surrounded her. 
The screaming stopped.
Kylie



Blood thumped in her ears, interrupting the ringing with each pulse. Edie hurt: her chest, her face, her arms. She struggled to suck in a breath, but her chest burned in protest. Tears squeezed from Edie's eyes as she blinked them away in an attempt to focus. Darkness filled her vision with small spots of light breaking through, but everything was fragmented and shattered. Her mind never registered it was dirt covering her broken windshield that obscured her vision.
"MAMA!" Anisa screeched in a shrill, high-pitched voice, and reality slammed back in place. Edie turned, feeling a pinch in her chest as she did so, but she pushed the pain to the back of her mind. Anisa was screaming. Kylie wasn't.
"Kylie." The first word she managed to say came out as a hiss. She caught her breath and tried again. "Kylie!"
Edie turned in her seat to see her daughter. Kylie's eyes were closed as she lay against the door, the seatbelt the only thing holding her up.
"Kylie!" The scream tore out of her then, and Edie's fingers fumbled to unlatch her seatbelt. She flung the door open and half-crawled, half-fell out of the car, pushing away the remnants of the deployed airbag. Her only frantic thought at the moment was getting to her daughter. Anisa screamed hysterically inside, but at least she was screaming. It was Kylie she had to get to.
Edie didn't even make it two steps. Her legs were jelly, and she ended up on her hands and knees. Her muscles refused to cooperate with the movement signals from her brain. Her stomach chose that time to revolt, and she vomited in the grass without warning. It burned like fire as her stomach heaved, putting pressure on her injured ribs. It only took seconds, and she struggled to her feet again, wiping the spittle away with one hand. She tripped again, stumbling over the uneven grass in her pumps as she rounded the back of the car.
"Are you okay?" An elderly gentleman appeared out of nowhere, his hands on her shoulders as he held her down. "Miss, are you okay?"
Edie tried to get up, but her panicked energy disappeared. Struggling against her body was hard enough, but now that someone was forcing her down, she didn't have a chance. 
"My daughters!" she cried, reaching a hand out to the car, reaching a hand to Kylie.
"Bud, check it out," the man said, and another person appeared, darting to Kylie's door. Edie finally stopped struggling and began crying in earnest. The man yelled beside her, making her flinch. "Does anyone have a blanket?"
More people were there, materializing out of thin air. Edie couldn't look at them. She didn't recognize faces or voices. They were just arms and hands fumbling to assist her. A blanket was wrapped around her shoulders and a water bottle shoved in her hand that she didn't want. Then Anisa was there, crawling in against her, screaming and crying as she wrapped her tiny arms around Edie. Her embrace found new wounds as Edie's body was squeezed, but she didn't dare let her go.
"Kylie. Where's Kylie?" Edie asked desperately of her many helpers. At least six people stood around her, including a teenage girl who was on the phone with 911, but no one spoke.
Then another blanket was spread out in front of her, and a young man gently laid a small form on top of it. Edie choked back panicked sobs as she recognized the limp form as her eldest daughter. She gulped and screamed her name again.
"She's unconscious," the man said as Edie shifted Anisa in her lap and shuffled closer. She stared in horror at the bruise that marred her daughter’s forehead. "It looks like she banged her head pretty hard."
"God, no. Kylie?" Edie sobbed, leaning in closer and gently kissing Kylie on the cheek. "Kylie?"
Edie sat Anisa on the ground, though the little girl didn't want to be let go. Her hands clawed at Edie until she saw her sister, and Anisa froze. Her green eyes grew wide. "Sissy?"
Edie moved, stretching out her body beside her oldest daughter, laying her head down even with hers as she watched Kylie's serene, unconscious face. Anisa copied her, laying down on Kylie's other side, curling up against her sister.
"Give them some room, people," someone said, and the shadows backed away. 
Edie gathered Kylie's small hand in her own and refused to look away. Kylie looked so peaceful and still. She could have been sleeping. Edie began to hum one of Kylie's favorite songs. Her voice was too raw to sing, but the hum she could manage. 
Both Anisa and her sniffled as their helpers watched over them in silence. No one tried to speak any words of comfort. Edie didn't want them anyway. She just wanted her daughter to wake up.
Edie wasn't sure how long the three of them laid on a blanket in the grass off the side of the highway. Kylie breathed slow and even, and Edie felt her pulse thumping strongly where she had her fingers wrapped around her wrist. Eventually, Edie picked up sirens blaring in the distance as they grew closer. They were loud, sharp, and shrill over the sound of the traffic. A black and white police vehicle was the first to respond and pulled behind the cars parked on the shoulder, the ones that belonged to the helpers.
Edie's eyes never left Kylie's face. As the sirens cut off, Kylie's eyelids fluttered and slowly opened. "Mama?"
Edie's heart nearly burst with relief and love. "I'm here, baby. I'm right here."
Concussion



Edie lay in a hospital bed, staring at the ceiling. Her mind fixed on Kylie, who was in a different room on a different floor, but she wasn't panicked or worried anymore. Whatever the nurses shot into her IV had fixed that.
The paramedics on the scene said Kylie had a concussion, but she would recover. They guessed she was sitting too far forward, causing slack in the seatbelt that ended up sling-shotting her against her door after the impact. She also had bruised ribs, just like Edie, and they both would carry a decent contusion where the seatbelt caught them.
Edie also suffered minor burns on her arms and chest from the airbag, but those would heal. Those wounds didn't concern her. Anisa, who sat in the chair beside her bed and watched the small TV, had suffered no injury at all. 
Edie hadn't called her parents yet, but she had called Cassy. Cassy sounded hysterical on the phone, but Edie had already been under the effects of the wonder drug, so her side of the conversation had been calm. Cassy would be there any minute, Edie was sure of it. Edie told herself that once Cassy had Anisa occupied, she would call her mom first and then her boss. She had high expectations that both would be fun conversations. Her face broke into a smile before she realized the drugs were the true culprit for her wayward thoughts and dark humor.
When Cassy walked in, Edie blinked in surprise to see Molly and Aaron behind her. Her mind was slow to process how much time had passed since the accident because it felt like minutes. Time had stopped when her car plowed into the embankment. 
Cassy was frantic, rushing to her bedside while Molly collected Anisa, hugging the small girl to her. Edie noticed both their eyes were red-rimmed, and their concern comforted her. It would also make the huge favor she was about to ask of her friend easier.
"Are you okay? What on earth happened?" Cassy asked while in the process of checking her over. Edie was sure the bandages on her arms didn't reveal much. "Where's Kylie?"
"Fourth floor. Room 405. I haven't been able to see her since they got us here," Edie said, hearing the slight slur in her speech.
"Can I go see her?" Molly asked. She hadn't sat Anisa down, and Anisa rested her head against Molly's shoulder. Molly looked too small to be cradling a five-year-old, but the two clung to each other. As much as Edie wanted to keep Anisa close, the logical part of her brain broke through the haze enough to let her know that wasn't realistic. 
Edie nodded.
"Aaron," Cassy turned to her husband, whispering. "Will you take them?"
Aaron nodded but stepped close to Edie, resting a hand on her bed rail. "You gave us a good scare. Take care of yourself now, okay?"
Edie's eyes fixed on his eyebrows as they frowned, wiggling together like fuzzy little caterpillars. She smiled, barely stopping a giggle. This medication was wonderful. She said, "I will."
Edie's eyes followed Molly and Anisa as they left the room. Anisa looked over Molly's shoulder and gave a small wave goodbye. Edie's arm barely left the bedside to wave back. 
"What happened?" Cassy said each word separate and deliberate, demanding an answer Edie didn't have.
"I don't know," Edie said, attempting to shrug but gave up when her shoulders refused to move. "The car stalled while we were on the highway. We were rear-ended while I was trying to pull to the shoulder."
"And Kylie? Is she okay?"
The question sparked enough concern to make Edie frown, and for a moment, the medication warred with Edie's anxiety. "The doctors say so. They say she has a concussion, so they want to watch her overnight."
"And you?" Cassy reached down and grasped Edie's hand.
Edie smiled. This was getting harder. Maybe the drugs were wearing off. "I'm okay. Bruised ribs. Some minor burns. They want to keep me overnight, too."
"For bruised ribs and some minor burns?" Cassy's eyebrow rose as she looked at Edie with suspicion.
"My blood pressure is a little high."
"How high is 'a little high'?
"172 over 115, something like that."
"Edie!" Cassy gasped, shocked at first, but she calmed herself before she spoke again. "Do you have a history of high blood pressure?"
"Not that I know of," Edie said. She honestly couldn't remember.
"My father had high blood pressure. Those numbers sound high."
"Nurse said it was probably due to the trauma."
The tense expression on Cassy's face did not relent. "And Anisa?"
"Yeah. About that. I was wondering—"
"She can stay with us." Cassy didn't even let her finish. "Is there anything we need to pick up for her at the house?"
"Maybe some clothes. The spare key should still be out."
"What about you? Do you need anything?"
Edie looked at her and grinned. "My cell phone charger."
The two women chatted for a while longer, but the conversation was overshadowed by Cassy's concern. When she noticed Edie was getting groggy, she left to check on Kylie. Edie wished she could go with her. Edie's eyes slid closed, and she dozed fitfully for a while, although she wasn't sure how long. The sun was only fading when her door opened again.
"Ms. Dawson?" came a formal voice, pulling Edie back to consciousness. "Still feeling good? We brought you a visitor."
A small form peeked around the heavyset nurse, and a surge of joy flooded through Edie. "Kylie!"
"Mama," Kylie answered, rushing past the nurse to stand beside Edie's bed. The hospital gown engulfed her small body, but her smile was bright and beautiful. She looked the way Kylie should, except for the bandage that wrapped around her head. 
Edie reached out awkwardly, hugging her with one arm. Her IV restrained the other. The nurse watched them with a warm smile and said, "She can visit for a while. Just press the call button if you need me."
"Thank you," Edie said. The nurse smiled again and left. Edie fiddled with the bed adjustments until she lowered it enough and pulled Kylie into the small bed with her.
"Anisa wanted to say goodbye, but that lady said it might be too much excitement. Molly talked her into going with them," Kylie said.
"That's okay," Edie said, hugging her daughter to her and ignoring the twinge of pain in her ribs. "I'm so glad you're okay. I was so scared. How are you feeling?"
"My head hurts, but they gave me medicine. I don't feel so bad." Kylie settled against her, seeming content. "Is the car going to be okay?"
That was a worry Edie hadn't let her over-stressed mind think on yet. She could never afford to have it repaired, not that she trusted it anymore. For years the car had never given her one problem, and it was paid off. Now she wasn't sure what she was going to do.
"I don't know, honey," Edie said. "I don't think so."
Kylie grew quiet after that, snuggling against her until the nurse came in and told her it was time to go. By then night had fallen, and both mother and daughter were reluctant for Kylie to go back to her room. Kylie's eyes were wide and wet when they looked over her shoulder at Edie, but she followed the nurse without protest. Edie had to wipe her eyes after she was gone. It would be a hard night for both of them.
Thoughts of how close she had come to losing Kylie plucked at the edges of her mind, and Edie had to distract herself before falling prey to them. She fumbled for her cell phone that lay on her bedside tray and silently thanked the kind stranger that had fetched it for her. She wouldn't have had anyone's number if it wasn't for the phone.
Edie huffed. A red box was the first thing to pop up, telling her she needed to charge it, and her eyes saw it only had 11% battery life left. She groaned, deciding to call her boss instead of her mom. She would hear about that later, she knew, but she could play that off with how she didn't want to worry them. Malcolm, on the other hand, needed to know she wouldn't be at work tomorrow.
The call went quicker than expected. Malcolm was shocked at first, then concerned, but let her off the phone without a hassle. It was only when she turned off her phone did she notice it was after ten. She cringed, feeling as if she might have intruded on something, but Malcolm had answered and didn't seem bothered by it. Edie didn't have a choice. She might not have been able to call in the morning to report her absence. 
Edie stared at the TV with a pensive frown on her face. She was worried about so many things, but mostly she worried about not being able to take care of her girls. She also worried she wouldn't be able to sleep. That worry, however, was unfounded. She was snoring not ten minutes later.
The volume on the TV was quiet, but not muted. In the early hours when even God slept, a faint beeping prodded her toward consciousness. Her eyes flickered open, trying to blink the sleep away, and her fuzzy gaze found the television screen. The ocean was on fire. The image was so alien to her, her mind couldn't piece it together. Sleep gripped her and pulled her under again.
Fire



Scrapes and thumps banged around in her dreams until they woke her. Edie was surprised when she opened her eyes and saw it wasn't a nurse. Cassy was in the middle of plugging in her phone.
"What time is it?" Edie said, her voice groggy and hoarse from being unused.
"About 6:30," Cassy said. "Sorry I couldn't make it back last night. Anisa had us all playing a game, and I thought it best to keep her occupied."
"How is she?" Edie sat up straighter, coming fully awake.
"She seems okay. We kept her distracted until bedtime, so that's when she got scared. She slept with Molly and was still asleep this morning. We didn't figure you'd want her in school."
"But Molly?"
"It won't hurt for her to miss a day." Cassy smiled, turning on Edie's phone for her.
"I can't thank you enough, Cass."
"It's nothing," Cassy said. "You'd do the same for me."
Edie sighed and stretched, testing the limits of her bruising. Her chest ached, but it didn't feel as bad as she had feared. Edie hoped they would let her go home today.
Edie drilled Cassy with worried questions about Anisa for a while, but Cassy had to get to work. "I've got to go, but text me if you get bored. I'll try to swing by at lunch if I can."
"Thanks, Cass," Edie said again.
The phone sat beside her, charging. The cord was long enough for her to reach it to her ear if she needed to make a phone call, and Edie knew she did. Reluctantly, she picked up her phone and scrolled through her contacts until she got to her parents' number. With a sigh that reminded her of her wounds, she grimaced and hit the call button.
That call took a bit longer than her call to Malcolm had. As soon as Edie explained what happened, her mom was yelling at her dad to book tickets to Dallas. Edie cringed, told her it wasn't necessary, but didn't fight her too much on it. In truth, she might need them here. They were in the midst of planning their trip for a good forty-five minutes before her father settled on tickets that would put them in Dallas in a little over two weeks… one way. That thrilled Edie, but she argued again it wasn't necessary, and again let her mother win the conversation. When the call was over, she was already feeling better and turned to her next task. She buzzed the nurse. 
"Yes, ma'am?" a muffled voice answered from the side of her bed.
"I'd like to check on my daughter."
"Someone will be there shortly," came the staticky reply. Edie wouldn't miss that when she was gone. She could barely understand the woman over the intercom. 
Edie grew anxious when a nurse walked in minutes later, but it was her nurse there to check her vitals and administer more drugs if needed. She claimed no knowledge of Kylie but would check for her when she was able.
When the knock came at her door, Edie expected it to be a nurse with an update, so didn't hesitate to call, "Come in."
The door opened and her heart thumped hard in her chest before her mind could process what was going on. In a strangled voice, she asked, "Westley?"
"I hope I'm not disturbing you," he said, hesitating before stepping forward into the room. "Malcolm told me what happened, and I wanted to stop by to see if you needed anything."
She stared for several moments, her mind bogged down by the medication. She noticed he wasn't wearing his work uniform. He was wearing a short sleeve, button-up shirt, maybe even the same one he had worn that night at Cassy's. The sight of him in it made forgotten feelings rush through her.
"I'm okay," Edie stammered.
"I can go," he said, pointing back toward the door. "I would have called first, but I didn't get your number from Malcolm. I don't want to intrude."
"You're not," Edie blurted and found herself flustered. How horrible did she look this morning? "I'm sorry. I was expecting one of the nurses. I haven't seen Kylie yet this morning."
Westley took a tentative step forward. "I can check for you."
"It's okay. I should hear something soon." Edie tried to smile but found she was too nervous. What was he doing here? "We're hoping to get checked out today."
"Is there anything I could do to help you? Anything at the house that needs done? Anything with the car?"
"I, um…" Edie trailed off. "I'm not sure about the car. I haven't heard anything about it yet. I think the officer called my insurance to have it towed, but I don't remember. Some things are fuzzy."
"I think I can help with that. Who was the officer?" Westley stepped even closer. He was only a few paces from the bed now, but that seemed as far as he was willing to come.
"I don't remember…" Edie started, but her voice faded again. She couldn't remember his name, but she did remember something. "My purse." Her hand pointed to where it sat on the far counter.
Westley was quick to retrieve it for her, placing it on her bed beside her reaching hand and swiftly retreating a couple steps. Edie fished in her purse until she found what she was looking for. A business card with the officer's name on it. She held it out for him, and Westley stretched his arm to grab it, like he was reaching over hot lava. He pulled out his phone, entered the information, and then sat the card back on the table for her.
"It's something I can do," he said, meeting her eyes as he slid his phone back in his pocket.
Edie's head twisted to the side as she looked at him. He was acting as awkward as she felt. They only had one moment together before turning back into mere acquaintances at work, so his actions puzzled her. Maybe the medication made her braver, but she had to know. "Why?"
"Why?" He repeated back at her, his eyebrows raising in confusion.
"Why help me?" she clarified.
Westley tried to smile, but his nervousness was breaking through. "I remember how hard it was for my mother sometimes. I want to help. If it's not wanted or not needed, let me know. No hard feelings."
Edie could see the flush in his cheeks, the sincerity in his eyes. It brought a small smile to her face. Only one phrase came to mind. "Thank you."
Westley took a second before accepting her words, breathing out heavily and smiling back. "Well, I should let you rest. I'll follow up on your car and let you know what I find out."
Edie's eyes stayed glued to him as he was backing toward the door when another thought struck her. "What about work?"
"Oh." He stopped. "I guess you wouldn't know. The power never came back on. I saw Cassy going in as I was leaving, but I suspect she'll be back here soon. There's nothing to do right now."
Edie frowned, wondering what this would do for production. She had a few days of sick time to spare, so she wasn't worried, but it shocked her that the power was still out. Westley waved at her, and she pulled herself out of her thoughts long enough to return the gesture. In seconds he was gone, leaving Edie alone in the empty room.
Her eyes found the television, dark and reflecting the ceiling lights. Her mind was tangled up with thoughts of Westley as she tried not to dwell on the fact there was no report on Kylie yet. Her face hardened. She didn't remember turning the television off. Maybe her nurse had done it during the night while she was sleeping?
Edie stared at the blank screen as it hit her. The fuzzy images torn apart by medicated sleep. Why had the ocean been on fire?
Her fingers were reaching for the remote, a huge brick on the end of a thick white cord that dangled off the side of the bed. She pressed the power button and waited with bated breath as the TV slowly powered up. It was cheap and old, taking time to warm the circuits so that a picture would form. She had to know if her dreams were real.
They were. A fire had broken out at an oil refinery along the Gulf of Mexico, and it had set off a chain reaction of explosions, decimating miles of land right off the water. Her dreams had been true. The ocean was on fire, and it was horrifying.
Release



Edie turned up the volume, watching in shock as the live feed captured the raging fire. More people died in that one explosion than in all the meltdowns put together, and it was another national disaster to add to the list. The reporters were openly talking about terrorist attacks, but they staged their conversations. It was for the public's benefit so that the layman knew there had been no threats, no notes, and no angry phone calls that claimed responsibility in the name of another god.
Knowing that didn't take the fear away. Terrorists or not, something was happening, and it was getting harder to quell the panic that was spreading in the public. 
"Mom!" the excited call came, startling Edie. She looked up to see a bright smile on Kylie's face as she entered the room, wearing the clothes she had on yesterday. Edie fumbled with the remote to turn off the television. She didn't want her daughter seeing the horror on the screen.
"Kylie!" Edie said, leaning over to hug her with one arm. "You're dressed!"
"Yeah." Kylie shrugged as she looked down at her shirt, plucking at it with her fingers. "They said I could go home today as long as I promise to get plenty of rest. I didn't like that gown they made me wear."
The nurse that escorted Kylie stood in the doorway, smiling. "We're working on her discharge paperwork now. I'll be handling it myself, so I'll know where to come find you. Breakfast will be around soon. Would you like me to have hers sent to your room as well?"
"Yes, please," Edie said quickly. Her stomach rumbled, but she didn't feel hungry. It was due to the stress of what she had watched on the news. 
After the nurse left, Edie and Kylie talked until they ran out of conversation. Breakfast had come and gone, and she could tell Kylie was growing bored, but she didn't want to turn on the television. "Where's your phone?"
"It's in my backpack in my room. It's dead."
Edie handed her phone over and wondered if the nurses would let her take a walk. Edie wanted all of Kylie's stuff with her. She pressed the buttons on her bed until it sat her up, and she swung her feet off the side. Sharp pains jabbed at her, but it wasn't as bad as she would have thought. After she was in a sitting position, she felt okay. She pushed herself to her feet and pulled the IV rack around in front of her, then took a few steps to test her footing.
"Where do you think you're going?" a voice at the door accused her. Edie jumped, looking up to see Cassy coming in.
Edie defensively said, "I have to pee."
She did, in fact, have to pee, but she sensed Cassy saw through the half-lie. However, Edie was thrilled Cassy was back. Cassy could help when Kylie was discharged, because so far, there had been no update from the nurse if Edie was going to be discharged as well. There probably wouldn't be any word on that until the doctor came by for his mid-morning checkup. 
"I'm staying here until they say you can leave," Cassy said, hands on hips, denying the protest Edie was about to make. Edie's face scrunched up, and she gave her a mock angry look.
"I hope that'll be today." Edie grumbled, poking at the remnants of her breakfast. At least they fed her well. She glanced at Kylie, who was curled up in the big recliner. She had only eaten half her meal.
"I'm just glad you're all okay," Cassy said. "Oh, and did I tell you? You're all coming home with me. I have the guest bed made up for you already."
"Cass, you don't have to do that."
Cassy stepped forward, leaning in close to whisper, "Have you seen the news?"
That gave Edie pause. She stared blankly into space for a few moments; the fear swirling underneath her distractions before she met Cassy's eyes. "Can we swing by my place to pick a few things up?"
"Of course," Cassy said, backing away. "Even Aaron's offered to take the girls to school, although I figured they wouldn't be going back this week. Do you know how soon your insurance can get you a rental?"
"I haven't even called them yet. I'll do that this afternoon if they let me out of here. I'm not sure what the insurance company will need from me."
The women continued to make plans until Edie's doctor finally arrived. He was a young, middle-eastern man with a thick accent. Edie liked him. He was a lot friendlier than some of the other doctors she had to deal with.
After checking her charts, the doctor nodded and said, "It looks like the medication is controlling your blood pressure for now. I'll have the nurses take you off the IV and give you a pill. If everything stays stable by this afternoon, you'll be free to go. I will need you to schedule an appointment with your family doctor as soon as possible. We need to make sure to keep your blood pressure monitored."
Edie was nodding frantically by that point, ready to agree to anything so she could get out of there. By the time the nurse came to remove her IV and give her a tiny, white pill, Kylie's discharge papers had already been signed and completed. 
Despite Cassy saying she wasn't leaving, they both decided it was best to get Kylie out of there, and that allowed Cassy a chance to swing by Edie's house to pick up a change of clothes. Edie was so grateful to see her own things and get out of the stiff hospital gown. She ached when she pulled her shirt over her head, but she was already starting to feel like a person again. She took the time to look at herself in the mirror, trying to fix her hair. It was stiff from all the dust that had settled in it from the airbag. She had foggy memories of one of the nurses trying to help her clean up, but one could only do so much without a shower.
Her nose was tender from the impact, but there was no discoloration. She had been holding the steering wheel too high, but the airbag had only burned her arms and pushed them away from her face. She knew she had gotten off lucky. She cringed, trying not to think about what could have happened if she had been wearing her sunglasses.
Edie waited impatiently, although she was glad for Cassy's company. Edie had hoped she would have been out by lunch, but that wasn't the case. Her lunch order came and went hours before another nurse came in to check her vitals again.
"Do you have a blood pressure cuff at home?" the nurse was asking her, and Edie responded with a shake of her head.
Cassy interrupted. "We have one. We bought one for my father when he was visiting. I can drag it out."
"Good." The nurse's face was tense, her eyebrows drawn together with a pensive frown. "The doctor wrote you a prescription you'll need to have filled soon. You'll take the pill once a day in the morning, but you'll need to see your family doctor as soon as possible."
Edie nodded. She had already heard it all before and was just ready to leave, but it still took over an hour before the paperwork was done. Cassy seemed as eager to get her back to her house but stopped by the pharmacy to make sure Edie's prescription was dropped off. Aaron would pick it up on the way home, and Edie wouldn't have to worry about any of it.
The only thing Edie had to concern herself with was her daughters, and that turned out to be a heartfelt reunion. She even put off calling her insurance company about the rental that afternoon. Sitting in front of the television watching ABC Family with her girls was more important.
Sun Flare



The doorbell rang after dinner, and Cassy jumped to answer. Edie saw the look she shot Aaron and the baffled shrug he responded with. Apparently neither one of them expected a visitor. Cassy opened the door, although it wasn't wide enough for Edie to see who stood beyond it. The voice was one she recognized instantly, and her breath caught.
"Sorry to bother you, but I was wondering if you might have Edie's number? I was working on some information…"
Cassy's response was to open the door wider, revealing the two to each other. Westley trailed off when he saw her. Edie was glad she had time to shower and wash her hair, although it was still a mop of frizzy, dark curls.
"Come in," Cassy said. "We're just watching some TV."
"I don't want to disturb anyone. I found some information for Edie." Westley seemed reluctant to enter.
"You're not a bother." Cassy laughed it off easier than Edie would have been able to. "Trust me, if you disturb Edie, I'll kick you out. Does that make you feel better?"
Edie envied Cassy's joking manner. She hadn't been able to achieve that with Westley in a long time. Too many feelings hung over her she had no explanation for.
Cassy's banter convinced Westley to step inside, and Anisa was the first to greet him with, "Mama can't dance now. She's hurt."
Westley looked down at her and smiled. "We'll let her get better first."
That explanation satisfied Anisa, and she settled back down.
"Why don't you sit here," Cassy said, offering Westley the recliner that sat adjacent to Edie's spot on the couch. "Girls, why don't you go see what Molly's doing upstairs?"
Anisa was quick to move, but Kylie was slower. She was nearly as badly bruised as Edie, but Cassy was right beside her, helping her up the stairs. It seemed she was healing faster than Edie was, too.
"Need a beer?" Aaron said, standing from his chair.
"Uh, sure," Westley answered. He took the seat Cassy had offered him as Aaron headed for the kitchen. The room that had been so full of life a second ago was suddenly quiet and filled with tension.
At least it didn't seem to bother Westley. He jumped right in. "I got some information back from the officer on the car lot they towed your car to. They'll need time to figure out what caused the malfunction, but the entire electrical board died and shut down the car. The mechanic said you were lucky the airbag was mechanical and not electrical, or it might not have deployed. Said he's never seen anything like it."
Edie breathed deeply, feeling a twinge in her ribs she ignored. "I've had the car for years and it's never given me a problem."
"I think you and the girls were lucky. The officer said the SUV that hit you will need a new bumper, but the couple in the car weren't injured. Their airbags didn't deploy."
"That's good," Edie said, then mumbled absently to herself, "I bet that asshole didn't even stop." Anger finally broke the surface as she remembered the truck that had swerved around her at the last second. Had he slowed down or changed lanes sooner, it could have avoided the whole mess.
"What asshole?" Westley asked. Aaron had returned with the beer just then, and Cassy was coming down the stairs. Edie answered, telling them everything she could recall about the wreck. The busted headlight and missing letters from the truck stood out in her mind, but she couldn’t remember what color it was. She glanced into each of their eyes when she finished trying to put her memories together. They were all angry, and there wasn't a damn thing any of them could do about it.
Westley and Aaron sipped on their beers while Cassy sat down beside Edie. Cassy grabbed the remote, trying to get it to a news station, but the television was still on the fritz. She said, "I haven't been able to get an update on what happened at the gas refineries since this morning. It's been like this all day."
"I broke out the rabbit ears. Got a little better reception," Westley said. "They evacuated most of the city. Half of Corpus Cristi is gone."
They left the television to blink at them with its weird, discolored boxes that jumped around the screen. The sound was just as bad, cutting out every few seconds. The four of them sat in silence for a while until Cassy couldn't take it any longer.
"Do you know if the power's back on at Vrydek?" Cassy asked.
"Last I heard from Malcolm, no." Westley took another swig from his beer. "Poor guy. Finally gets his shot at running a branch and we shut down right away."
"Enjoy your mini-vacation," Aaron said, a mock bitterness to his voice. His place of employment did not suffer the same fate as Edie's. 
"Except you know I'd rather be using my vacation time for an actual vacation," Cassy said. "At least Owen's given me half a day as long as I show up in the morning. I'll be there tomorrow, too."
Edie only shrugged. She had plenty of sick time. She would enjoy spending the time with the girls since Kylie wouldn't be back in school until she healed. That would be at least a week, and it wouldn't hurt to keep Anisa home, too. It wasn't like she could get her there without asking for more help from Cassy, anyway. That was a problem for later. 
The evening stretched on. Every time Edie moved, her sore muscles resisted, but she enjoyed having the company. The talk drifted to trivial things, and Westley loosened up the more beer he downed. Although Edie refused the alcohol, she found herself drifting back to the comfortable relationship they had the night they shared the dance. By the time he left, Westley was a friend again. Edie had no idea how much of a relief that would be. The regret of what could have been—the rejection—no longer felt so harsh.
Cassy had to help Edie up the stairs to a guest bed big enough for Kylie to cuddle up with her. She said she was feeling better, but Edie could see otherwise as she stiffly climbed into bed. Anisa whined when she found out she had to sleep on a pallet, but Molly saved them, offering to keep Anisa with her again for the night. That girl was an absolute treasure. 
Edie did not sleep well. She found herself missing her own bed, and later in the night, she longed for the adjustable controls from the hospital bed. Kylie moaned several times in her sleep, but at least she was sleeping. It was close to five in the morning when Edie gave up. Creeping out of bed so as not to disturb Kylie was more difficult than she thought it would be, but she felt accomplished when she stood up straight on her own. She went downstairs in search of Tylenol and was surprised to find Aaron already up.
"Good morning," she said, startling him. He was in the kitchen with an old CRT television sitting on the countertop. Wide, gray eyes looked at her over the antenna he was fiddling with.
"Couldn't sleep?"
Edie shook her head as she made her way to the coffeepot. Aaron already had a batch made. "I'm so sore. Do you have any Tylenol? I don't like the pills they gave me. It makes my stomach upset."
Aaron had already turned around and was fishing in a drawer at the corner of the cabinet. He sat a bottle on the countertop and slid it her way. Edie accepted it gratefully.
After she had her cup of coffee, she downed the pills and sat at the table, watching Aaron twist the antenna this way and that. He glanced at her and said, "Westley gave me an idea last night. The cable box is still having issues this morning, but I thought I might give this old thing a try. Haven't used it in years."
As if punctuating his words, he rubbed a finger through the layer of dirt that caked the top of the television. His work had already brushed some spots clean, but it was obvious it would need a thorough dusting if Aaron intended to keep it on the table. He would adjust the antenna, change the station, adjust the antenna, and change the station. It went on like this for several minutes while Edie yawned and thought about trying to catch a nap on the couch.
Then the clear sound of a news report came through.
"Several instances of electrical board failures have caused deadly crashes all across the Metroplex. The odd phenomenon is stretching across the southeastern states. We urge extreme caution while driving. We'll have more information on the hour. Tom, can you tell us what kind of weather we're in for today?"
Edie and Aaron's eyes met over the table, and Edie wondered if his calm was only a façade to keep her from panicking, but she wasn't Cassy. She could hold it together a little better, at least on the outside. Edie sat silently sipping her coffee while the worry gnawed at her. Aaron pulled out his smart phone for another news source, but it would take forever to load.
"It looks like they're starting to issue recalls for cars that have certain electrical boards in them. Your Honda isn't on the list," Aaron said after he finished reading. 
"I swear, it's like we're sitting here waiting for the next thing to happen." Edie shook her head. "It's too much."
Aaron stood, patting her gently on the shoulder as he passed her chair. "Hang in there. Just a terrible set of coincidences. I've got to get ready for work."
Edie nodded and moved to the chair Aaron had vacated, catching the last of the weather. It was going to be unusually warm today, and Edie groaned. She wasn't looking forward to the hot Texas summer. It didn't bode well when they were already reaching the high nineties before summer officially began. Edie hoped there weren't too many nights without power. She couldn't sleep in the heat. At least the Shale's kept their house cool at night.
"Morning, woman," Cassy said as she walked into the kitchen, bundled in a thick, terry-cloth robe. "You're awake early."
"You say that like I was able to sleep."
"I'm sorry, hon." Cassy patted her head. "If Owen lets me come home early today, I'll watch the girls for you so you can get some rest. I can run Anisa to school if you want."
"No, I think I want to keep her with me today." Edie smiled at Cassy and watched her as she poured her coffee. "Apparently my car wasn't the only one that had issues."
"Aaron told me. It's so bizarre. Why are they all having issues at the same time?" Cassy's eyes suddenly widened as she sat down across from Edie. Cassy's hand shot over the table and gripped her hand. "What if there was a timer in the boards to make them all go off at once?"
Edie stared into Cassy's freshly panicked eyes, a worm of contagious fear wiggling through her, but Edie shook it away with a laugh. "There was no one planning this for my car. Remember, my car is old. No one planted something in the board nine years ago to malfunction yesterday."
"Edie, there has to be an explanation." Cassy sat back, deflated now that Edie had shot her down. Her fingers spun her coffee cup around in a circle on the table until she suddenly perked up again, another thought occurring to her. "Sun flares?"
That made Edie laugh harder this time, and she instantly regretted it, her laughter choking off in a moan. "Ugh, don't do that."
"Sorry," Cassy said, abashed. "But there is something causing it, even if you and Aaron don't want to believe me."
Edie just shook her head and sipped her coffee.
Breakfast



Edie and the girls sat together on the couch watching a DVD. They were awake before Cassy had left the house, although Molly was still asleep. Even though she had spent so much time at Cassy's house in the past, Edie felt odd being there alone. As much as she appreciated what her friend was doing for her, she was looking forward to going home to sleep in her own bed.
After the girls were drawn deeply into the old Disney flick, Edie abandoned them to make breakfast. As the bacon sizzled on the stove, Edie diligently took her blood pressure just like Cassy had shown her. The numbers were sitting in the right range, but that was with her medication. She sighed, popped a pill from her new prescription, and retrieved her phone to make an appointment with her doctor. The call didn't go through. 
Once breakfast was ready, she forced the girls to pause the movie so they could come to the kitchen to eat at the table. That was a rule she wasn't quite vigilant about following at home, but she wouldn’t let it slide at someone else's house.
A knock at the door interrupted them mid-bite.
"Keep eating," Edie warned the girls as she stood to check the door. She wasn't sure who would be here at this hour of the day. When she looked through the peephole, the smile that spread across her lips was involuntary. Westley.
"Good morning," she said as she opened the door. A young man stood behind Westley, a younger version of him actually, and Edie correctly guessed it was his little brother, Peter.
"Hi," Westley greeted her. Edie was disappointed to see his nervousness had returned. "Is Cassy home yet?"
"No," Edie shook her head, standing back to let the two enter. She smiled and gave Peter a nod as he passed her, which he returned, but he seemed as tense as his brother. Edie's smile dropped, replaced by bewilderment. Something was off. "What's wrong?"
"Power isn't back on at Vrydek. Cassy was on the way out when I left. I figured she'd beat me back while I stopped to pick up Pete."
Edie was shaking her head, half in denial and half to ward away the worry that was dancing on the edges of her thoughts. All she could think about was the news report this morning about the failed electrical boards. She didn't waste time texting Cassy. She called her.
"Hello?" Cassy answered on the third ring.
"Oh, thank God," Edie breathed. "Where are you? Are you on the way home?"
"About to pull up. Is everything okay?" An urgency entered Cassy's voice then, and the fact that Edie had no idea how to answer her made it worse. Her eyes cut to Westley, suspicious of his nervousness, or was she misreading him? Was it worry?
"Yes, we're fine here," Edie answered her friend. "Westley stopped by and said you left work. I was just worried."
"Had to get gas. I'll be right there."
Edie didn't bother saying goodbye. She disconnected the call and looked at Westley. "What's going on?"
"They've finally issued a national alert. Warning. Something. I caught the tail end of a State of the Union address. It's not good, Edie." Westley took a deep breath, looking to Peter before his eyes dropped. His hand reached up to run through his dark blond hair. "They lost a second reactor in Alabama."
Edie's hands clenched into nervous fists. She was glad the girls were in the kitchen. She didn't want them hearing this. Westley continued, "We're thinking we might head up to visit Mom for the summer. All this shit that's been happening has been down here. Not up there. I just don't know how to go about asking for all that time off."
"If the power never comes back, you won't have to," Edie said sarcastically, but there was a twinge of fear inside. So many weird things had happened that she wasn't sure how far out of the realm of possibility that was now. 
Edie pushed her worry away and turned to Peter, extending her hand to him. "Hi. I'm Edie. There's some extra bacon in the kitchen if you want. I can fix up some more, too."
"No but thank you." Peter smiled and shuffled his feet, his awkward teenager coming out as he shook her hand. "We ate already."
"Coffee? Water?" she asked, turning back to Westley.
"Coffee. Yes." He nodded, and they followed Edie into the kitchen. As the girls turned curious stares to the newcomers, the deep rumble of the garage door reverberated through the room. Edie immediately inspected the girl's plates and decided they could go back to their movie. Again, she didn't want overheard conversations upsetting them, and there would be more talk when Cassy came in. Cassy’s tendency to panic and jump to frightening conclusions was bound to happen.
Edie herded the girls out of the room before Cassy opened the door. As she got them settled, Anisa was ready to be absorbed into the movie again, but Kylie was more perceptive. Just as Edie was leaving, Kylie whispered, "Mom?"
"Yes, sweetie?" Edie said, surprised to see how worried her daughter's eyes were.
"Are we okay?"
Edie smiled, bending over and ignoring the pain in her ribs so she could give her daughter a kiss on the forehead. "We're fine," she said. "Some people in the world might not be, and they need help, but we're okay."
Kylie's whole face frowned, but she nodded and accepted the answer. As Edie brushed the long, silky strands of her brown hair, Kylie said, "I love you, Mom."
Edie's heart burst, threatening tears. The 'I love yous' came plentiful from Anisa, but not from stoic Kylie. Edie cherished the few she got, but they always meant so much. "I love you, too."
"I love you!" Anisa added, not even looking away from the screen.
Edie tousled Anisa's blonder curls before she straightened. "And I love you, too."
She gave the girls one last smile before returning to the kitchen. Westley must have already broken the news to Cassy because she was on the phone with Aaron, pleading for him to come home. Edie shook her head and pointed to the old television. 
"Aaron got that to work this morning. Want to give it a shot again?" Edie asked Westley.
"Certainly," he said, turning to fiddle with the old television and got it to work much faster than Aaron had. Westley pushed it toward the middle of the table so all could gather round. 
The reporter droned from the small speaker. "We think we have finally identified the cause of this particular disaster. Reports have said they found a nest of unidentified insects that caused the malfunctioning gauges."
As the reporter talked, a picture flashed on the screen. Static threatened to take over, but the photo of a dead bug was obvious. The legs were curled underneath it, and Edie couldn't tell how many were there. It appeared to have two long antennae, or maybe they were claws. The television barely produced any color at all, but the creature on the screen was black as tar on a gray background.
"That's it," came a small voice behind them, making them jump. Edie tried to swallow, but her mouth was suddenly dry. Edie leaped forward, heedless of her injuries, and turned the volume down.
"What's it?" she asked, turning back to Kylie.
"That's the creature that was on your laptop. I remember the feelers." Kylie's eyes didn't move from the screen until the picture of the bug disappeared, replaced by the reporter again. She looked up at her mom. "What is it?"
Edie shrugged, not sure how to answer her for a few seconds. She stumbled through her words like she was giving a bad excuse to her mother on why she had been out all night. "It's new, I guess. They're trying to identify it."
"Well, it's creepy," Kylie said, heedless of the other adults in the room. She grabbed a bottle of water and retreated back to the living room as if nothing else was amiss.
Edie's stomach clenched, and Westley leaned forward to turn up the volume. Cassy shot to her side, whispering, "She actually saw one of those things? In your house?"
"Yes." Edie's voice was dry and cracked. "What the hell are they?"
Westley pulled his phone out to search, and Cassy followed suit while Edie chose to sit down. Molly made her way into the kitchen then, her hair a mess, and she wore a tattered robe that covered up a Scooby Doo sleep shirt. Her sleepy eyes scanned the room, widened with awareness, and she spun on her heel to quickly retreat upstairs. Only Edie and Peter even noticed her. Cassy and Westley were too focused on their phones.
"Here," Cassy said. "It finally loaded." She slid her fingers across her phone, pulling up a picture and enlarging it before she sat it on the table for everyone to inspect. It was the same picture that was shown on the news, but in full color. The bug was definitely black as night and glossy. It was wide for its length, but the body could have been flattened when it was killed.
"Do you think someone squished it?" Peter asked. He had noticed the same thing. 
"Says here they found what they think is an abandoned nest in the reactor they shut down. They have teams searching for signs in the other reactor that blew in Mississippi and the one here in Texas." Westley read from his phone.
"What about the reactor that blew this morning?" Edie asked.
Westley was silent for a moment, scanning the article. He finally shook his head. "Looks like the reactor needs to be shut down first due to where they think the nest might be."
Edie breathed a deep sigh, allowing herself to relax. "At least it's not terrorists."
Cassy gave her an annoyed look and picked up her phone again. "Guess I should update Aaron. I can hear him now. 'I told you not to jump to conclusions,'" Cassy said in a mocking tone.
Edie allowed herself a smile. "At least we can handle radioactive bugs, right? As long as they don't end up the size of Godzilla."
A breaking news broadcast sounded on the television. Although it was faint due to the low volume, it caught their attention. Cassy turned it up so all could hear without straining.
It wasn't the report Edie had expected. A passenger plane had crashed somewhere in Louisiana. They didn't expect any survivors. The room went silent, except for one muttered word from Westley.
"Goddamn."
Buzz



Details from the flight came quickly. It had left from a small, southern airport in Mississippi and was on its way to Houston. They had only been in the air fifteen minutes before the gauges malfunctioned. The tower lost contact with the plane shortly after that, and the pilot could never recover. The plane was on fire when it hit the ground.
Edie's head throbbed. The morning had slid by in silence and grief, and at one point Edie had broken away from the group to take a hot shower. Her body felt better afterward, but she cringed as she slid on the same clothes again. She wanted to go home, change into a fresh set of clothes, probably shower again, and relax, but she didn't want to be alone.
The girls had moved up to Molly's room, and everyone else had migrated to the living room. Westley had used the antenna from the old television to fix the Shale's sixty-inch LCD. The picture was horribly fuzzy and unclear, but the local stations were coming through. 
Molly joined them, leaving Kylie and Anisa to play games in her room, and Edie noticed the girl had fixed her hair and put on make-up. That didn't strike her as odd at first, but then she noticed the sly glances she kept sneaking at Peter, and it dawned on her. It was the first thing that had brought a genuine smile to her face all morning.
Edie eyed Cassy, wondering if she would notice. Cassy met her gaze, gave her a perturbed look, and just shook her head. Edie had to hold back a laugh. It seemed inappropriate for the situation and she wouldn't be able to explain herself.
"What's for lunch?" Molly asked off-handedly at one point, but she had skipped breakfast.
"Oh," Westley said, straightening. "We should get going. I never meant to bombard your house like this and take up your time." He stood and Peter followed.
Molly's eyes grew wide, and she shot a desperate glance at her mother. Cassy caught it and hid her smirk as she stood. Edie would never admit it, but she was sure she felt the same surge of disappointment Molly had when Westley announced they were leaving.
"It's no trouble at all," Cassy said to Westley. "If you boys don't have anything pressing, I can order pizza for us all. Least I could do since you got the TV working."
Peter turned to Westley and whispered urgently, drawing it out as a hiss. "Pizza…"
Westley laughed. "You said the magic word. Pete can't resist."
Cassy excused herself to make the call as Westley and Peter seated themselves again. Peter was grinning happily, and even Molly seemed satisfied now. A few minutes later, Cassy came back in and huffed. She said, "They can't deliver. Apparently, their drivers called in and they're short staffed."
"Not a problem," Westley said. "We can pick it up."
Cassy placed the order, and the boys left a few minutes later after a brief argument over who was paying. Westley left with Cassy's debit card, but Edie was sure he wasn't going to use it. 
When Molly ran up to her room, Edie cornered Cassy on it, "So, Molly and Peter?"
Cassy heaved a sigh and shook her head. "Ever since these community meetings started, she's been all moon-eyed when he comes around. He's a senior, and she's just a junior, but I guess that happens. Either the boy is extremely shy, or Molly isn't playing her hand well because they haven't said more than ten words to each other that I've seen. It's pretty funny."
Edie laughed. "Man, I don't miss those days."
"She asked me if it ever got easier."
"Did you tell her yes or did you tell her the truth?" Edie said with a grin, provoking a laugh from Cassy.
"Hey, now," Cassy finally said. "You're only having such a hard time because you're not even trying."
"Not worth it. Not with the girls so young right now."
Cassy sighed again, this time directing it at Edie. "There are good men out there, even if they are a little younger than you."
Edie gritted her teeth and looked down. The reference to Westley was clear, but Edie had never told Cassy it wasn't her that had nixed their relationship. Continuing to let Cassy believe it was Edie who made that decision was difficult sometimes, but the few times Cassy mentioned it hurt less than having to tell her the truth. Besides, things were going better between Westley and her now. She didn't want to mess up their rekindled friendship. Molly came back down a few minutes later and ended the conversation, much to Edie's relief.
A smile tugged at Edie's lips, though. Molly had changed her shirt. Cassy noticed and rolled her eyes again.
The boys made it back without incident, and after devouring three slices of pizza and two bread sticks, Edie was stuffed. They had eaten at the table away from the horror of the news but were back in the living room, settled around the large television as soon as they finished. At least not much had changed. Edie had her phone out, looking for more information on the bugs when a tickle started in her ear. She reached a hand up, pressing a finger against it to scratch it. It didn't help. She clenched her teeth together and froze. 
It was the same sensation she had the day John killed the spider under his desk. The same sensation that woke her in the middle of the night with a dead laptop and a fried alarm clock, and the same sensation when the electrical board died in her car and she careened into a dirt bank. 
Edie held her breath and waited, afraid to say anything as her head buzzed. Finally, her ears popped, and still she waited. She eyed everyone, but no one noticed her disturbed glances. Nothing seemed to change, no loss of power or malfunction she could see. Everything remained normal.
Edie collected her phone, frowning. She still needed to see her doctor. Maybe this had something to do with her high blood pressure. It just didn't make sense.
"Ugh, stupid phone," Molly said, grumbling as she held her phone in her hand.
"What is it," Cassy mumbled, her voice uninterested, as if she had only asked out of courtesy. 
"Dumb thing turned off. It doesn't even have enough charge to turn back on. Look!" Molly pushed the phone under Cassy's nose. Edie got the impression she would have thrown more of a fit had Peter not been there. "I charged it last night."
That got Cassy's attention. She took it, holding down the power button herself before handing it back to Molly. "Try to charge it again. It's still under warranty if the battery is busted."
Molly silently took the phone back and started out of the room. She got halfway up the stairs before she screamed in surprise, and her phone came tumbling down the steps to bounce on the carpet. Cassy was on her feet in an instant. Edie wasn't able to move that fast.
"What happened?" Cassy rushed to the bottom of the stairs, looking up at Molly, Edie following a bit more slowly. Molly's face had blanched, drained of blood.
"There was a frecking spider on my phone!" Molly squirmed, rubbing her hands down her pants. Cassy had been reaching for the phone but stopped as soon as she heard Molly's words. She kicked it instead, inspecting it for any creature that might be on it. Edie's hand went to her stomach, feeling it roil. She reached a hand out to steady herself as her mind whirled. 
And the breaking news jingle flashed across the screen again. The room froze, except for Molly, who rushed back down the stairs to see. Edie only heard the thumping blood rushing through her ears as they waited for the reporter to come on screen.
"A reactor in the southern state of Georgia has suffered a meltdown."
This meltdown was much like the others, caused by an electrical malfunction. As soon as the reporter said the words, all the lines were drawn. The malfunctioning electrical board in her car. Her alarm clock. Her laptop. The power outages. The malfunctioning emergency broadcast system and amber alerts on her phone. The 'spider' John saw when his computer cut off. The 'spider' on Molly's phone. The buzzing in her head.
Edie's knees wobbled, weakened. She tried to take a step but failed, dropping to the floor hard. It hurt. Her injuries screamed at her, but the swirl of realization in her head was worse. Cassy was beside her first, and then Westley. They both helped her to the couch where she sank down, lost and bewildered.
Spider



Cassy fetched her a glass of water while Westley sat close, watching her. Edie might have thought it was sweet had it not been for her realization. 
Her voice barely broke a whisper when she spoke. "That wasn't a spider."
Westley was the only one who heard her. His eyes cut to where the phone lay forgotten on the floor before turning back to her. He whispered, "What was it?"
Edie looked at him, meeting his eyes. She didn't know how to say it. She couldn't force herself to give voice to the absolutely ridiculous idea that was in her head, but she was so sure it was true. She only managed a slight shake of her head. 
Westley stood and asked Cassy, "Do you have a flashlight?"
Cassy didn't ask why. Although she hadn't overheard their conversation, she had seen the exchange and also the determination in Westley's eyes. She had a flashlight in his hands in less than thirty seconds. He went to inspect the stairs, turning on the overhead light in the stairwell and meticulously searching along each step. 
"How big was it?" Edie asked Molly, who was staring at her phone. With two fingers, Molly bravely picked up her phone and sat it down on the coffee table before sitting next to Edie. 
She shrugged. "It wasn't very big. It just scared me."
"Like the size of a dime?" Edie asked.
Molly shook her head almost violently and gave her a wry look. "Not nearly, but it scratched me." One of her hands rubbed the other, but there was no mark that Edie could see.
Westley came down the stairs, handing the flashlight to Cassy. "I couldn't find anything, but if it was that small, I likely wouldn't."
Molly sank back on the couch, hugging her slim body and tucking her legs underneath her. She was blushing, ashamed by her outburst. Edie couldn't blame her for it, though.
"Check the phone," Edie said, staring at where the smart phone lay on the coffee table encased in a pink and black shell. That case was the only thing that kept it from busting apart on its trip down the stairs.
Molly was shaking her head again, refusing to touch it, but there was no need for her protest. Westley was already moving toward it. He wasted no time picking it up and popping the cover off with his thumbs. He inspected the cover, dropped it on the table, and then turned his eyes to the phone. It looked clean.
"Open it," Edie said.
This time, she got a raised eyebrow from Westley, but he didn't say anything. He turned the phone over in his hands until he shook his head. "Looks like it wasn't designed to open. Not without a little force, anyway."
"Here," Cassy said. "Aaron's phone is like that. He's had to replace the battery himself before." Cassy took the phone from him. "You just have to pop it off like so…"
Her short thumbnails wedged into the edge of the phone casing, trying to loosen the back plate. One side seemed to give, but the other one was latched tight. Westley reached into his pocket and produced a small pocketknife and held it out to Cassy. Her eyes went wide as she looked at it before handing the phone back to Westley. He chuckled. 
Westley sat down in Cassy's chair and sat the phone on the coffee table before him. He lined the blade of his knife against the edge and popped off the protective plate, displaying the phone’s innards underneath. He leaned forward, inspecting it while everyone crowded around him to see. Edie was the only one that didn't.
"We need a small screwdriver—" Westley was saying as he poked the inner plate but cut off as he jumped back. "The hell?"
"What is it?"
"Did you see it?"
Molly and Cassy talked over each other as they leaned in tighter. Peter reached out to press on the battery. What looked to be a thin, electrical ribbon rolled out from underneath it, and when Peter let go, it rolled back in.
"What the hell is that?" Westley said, looking up to meet the eyes of those around him as if needing to confirm he wasn't the only one that saw it.
"I'll get the screwdrivers," Cassy said, already on the way to fetch the tools. All eyes stayed fixed on the phone while she was gone. As soon as Westley had the screwdriver in hand, he immediately began to remove the tiny screws. Three were set on the table, and as he moved for the fourth, he stopped. The ribbon returned.
A string of blackness seemed to flow from underneath the plate. It was small, and even Edie leaned forward to see. The ribbon wrapped itself around the edge of the plate, searching in a slow, fluid movement before it retreated again. Westley moved, jamming the screwdriver against the black ribbon and flicking it out. A ball of blackness, barely the size of a pencil eraser, landed on the dark wood table and rolled to a stop. It was glossy, crinkly, and looked like a wad of old Christmas tinsel. 
Everyone stared at it for a moment, but it was still. Westley moved forward, poking the end of the screwdriver toward it. Before the head of the screwdriver could touch the black ball, the bug finally shot into action, betraying its ruse and revealing it was a living creature. It moved quickly, as any small bug would, but it was different. It didn't skitter; it flowed like it was a bead of liquid running down a glass window, and it was fast.
The thing hit the edge of the coffee table before anyone had time to gasp. It disappeared out of Edie's view, and Cassy was screaming on the other side of Westley. "Oh my God, don't let it get away!"
It was Peter who moved. He was the closest to the thing’s escape route, and he reacted to Cassy's urging with a single stomp of his foot. Then the room was still until Westley said, "Don't move."
Peter looked at him oddly. "What if it tries to eat through my boot?"
Westley huffed and ignored him. "Maybe we should try to catch it. Send something to the news."
"How about, since it's in my house, we just kill it," Cassy added. With the odd connection she had with the bugs, Edie seconded her. She didn't want the thing around.
Westley deferred to Peter, who rubbed the toe of his boot into the carpet before stepping back. Edie held her breath, waiting for the thing to shoot off again. It didn't. There was nothing left of it but a black smudge in the brown carpet.
"Gross," Molly said, turning away in disgust.
"Well." Cassy walked over to inspect it. "At least it's dead."
They turned the television back up, watching the report on the Georgia reactor while Cassy cleaned the carpet, and Westley put Molly's phone back together. Edie's skin seemed to itch all over. She wanted to go home more than ever and clean the whole place top to bottom, but it was really the buzzing she wanted to run from.
The reporters talked back and forth, obviously as shaken as anyone by the second reactor to blow today, right after the oil refineries from yesterday. For a moment, it had seemed so surreal. They were fine, sitting safe in Cassy’s living room while watching another world fall apart. The reports made suggestions about shutting down the reactors to prevent the meltdowns until they could exterminate the bugs.
The reporters were waiting for an expert on nuclear power plants to speak with them, wanting to know how many people would be out of power and how long it would take to exterminate. Apparently, that was being discussed as one of the options. Edie squirmed. How could it not be the only option? So many people would be without power, but with the inevitability of a nuclear meltdown, what choice did they have?
Cassy was on the phone with Aaron, once again begging him to come home when there was another breaking news alert. They all tensed, wondering what it could be now.
As soon as the word Houston flashed across the screen, Aaron stopped arguing.
Just for a Moment



Up until that point, the local stations were reporting stories happening in other areas of the country, but not to them. That changed when they started reporting on Houston. Georgia and the plane crash had been forgotten. While they were covering the situation on the reactor that blew, the second reactor in Houston suffered its own meltdown, leaving the entire city without power. The female reporter burst into tears.
Westley stepped outside to call Malcolm as he didn't have Griffin's direct number. He missed the beginning of a State of the Union address. The order had come to start shutting down reactors in red zones. They were falling back on natural gas and coal power stations, but neither were enough to support the full grid. Care sites would be made available throughout these regions, and anyone seeking aide would need to find a way to get there. 
The last reactor in the state of Texas, the one at Comanche Peak, was in the red zone and ordered to be shut down.
It would take hours, but it would happen. They were on the southern border of the metroplex, and eventually, their area would go dark.
Westley had been outside when that report came through. He stepped back in saying, "Malcolm wasn't able to get in touch with Griffin…"
Cassy looked at him and said, "We're going to lose power."
His face became drawn, determined. "Where's Aaron?"
"He's on the way."
"We need to call a Community meeting. Let's get the alert line going. Let’s meet in two hours at the pavilion?"
Cassy nodded, picking up her phone and stepping away from the group. She was already calling someone.
Edie stood, determined to check on the girls. They hardly noticed when she entered the room. It wasn't until she leaned down to hug them that Kylie paused their game. Kylie hugged her back, even though Edie had to remember to be gentle with her embrace. Kylie was hurting as much or more than Edie was.
"Everything okay, Mom?" Kylie asked, her perception ringing through again.
Edie ran a hand down her long hair and patted her on the back. "Yes. We might be losing power soon. I just didn't want you to be scared when it happened. Play for as long as you can."
"Okay, Mom." Kylie nodded, ready to turn back to the game, but Anisa jumped to her feet.
"Kiss!" she yelled at Edie, bouncing up and down with the excitement of a child. Edie laughed and bent down to give her a peck on the cheek. "Thank you, Mama."
Kylie unpaused the game, and the girls became consumed again. She watched them for a moment before leaving the room and checking her phone. Already she had six missed calls and four voice mails. Her insides cramped because she didn't know what to do. Her parents couldn't come down here now, and they could possibly be on the edge of a red zone where they were. Edie was already half convinced she was going to them instead, despite her job.
Edie stood in the darkened hallway and called her mother. She heard the relief in her mom's voice as soon as Edie let her know they were all okay. There weren't that many words said, but the same ones repeated over and over. 
Be careful.
You should fly up here.
Call me if anything happens.
I miss you.
I love you.
Stay safe.
The call didn't help settle Edie. She was nearly in tears by the time she hung up, but the two women agreed she should fly out as soon as possible. Edie had a lot of things she had to take care of, but all of it could be done in a few days. She had no idea how long her stay with her parents would end up being. The way they talked, it sounded indefinite. 
That was news she didn't want to break to Cassy.
Edie headed downstairs where the living room was quiet and somber. There had been an update while she was away. They were keeping the Comanche Peak reactor online for two days. Hopefully that would give everyone time to prepare before the city lost power. They were already looking into alternative power sources.
Edie broke the quiet. "I need to go home."
"You're not going home!" Cassy said reactively, giving her an incredulous look.
Edie gave her a flat stare. "I need to pick up some things. I have some solar powered chargers and a small gas generator still in the box. Plus, clothes."
"Oh," Cassy said. "I can take you once Aaron gets home so he can stay with the girls."
"I can run her over in my truck. It's old. It doesn't have that fancy electrical stuff in it." Westley interrupted. 
"Can you drop me off at the house?" Peter asked. "I need to take Tonk for his walk."
"Sure," Westley said offhandedly before turning to Cassy. "I'll see you and Aaron at the meeting?"
"We'll both be there."
Westley then looked at Edie as she was realizing she was about to spend an afternoon alone with him. The thought made Edie nervous, but the necessity of the situation outranked that. She gave him a small smile. "Thank you. Normally, I wouldn't want to put anyone out, but I don't think we have time for that argument. I'll let the girls know I'll be right back."
The ride to her house was quiet and tense as neither one of them made an attempt at conversation. Edie’s mind was a jumble of wayward thoughts, and it didn’t help she was nervous being in a car again. Knowing Westley’s old truck wasn’t in danger of shutting down like her car did helped, but the fear still ate at her. Her nerves finally drove her to break the silence in an attempt to focus her mind on something else. 
"Did you get in touch with Malcolm?" Edie asked.
"Yes," Westley said. "He's staying at an apartment building close to the plant and has been out of electricity for two days. That's probably why he didn't mind spending all that time at Vrydek."
"What about Griffin?"
"Malcolm said he was stressed. It was one thing to have the North Texas location out of commission, but Houston too? The only one still running is Austin, and they're a small branch. It's not like they can do much with the others down."
"What do you think is going to happen?" Edie asked, although her question encompassed more than just the trouble at Vrydek. 
Westley glanced at her, his brows drawn and worry in his eyes. He shook his head and said, "I don't know."
His answer encompassed more than work as well. It was terrifying to watch the world falling out from underneath everyone. She turned her gaze out the window and returned to silence.
Westley followed Edie in, moving to help her as she directed him to her luggage set in the hall closet. As she was pulling out clothes for her and the girls, a thought made her pause. "How long do you think I'll be at Cassy's?"
Westley looked at the clothes, then back to her. "Pack as much as you can take."
"It's not the clothes I'm worried about. What about the food? I bought a lot."
"We should take that, too." Westley nodded, grabbing an empty laundry basket that Edie had left sitting on the couch. "I'll get started with that."
He took two steps toward the kitchen but stopped. He turned back to her and said, "Take everything you want to keep. If looting starts, those things might not be here when you're able to come home."
Edie found it hard to swallow. The motion seemed to get stuck and not want to finish. She nodded as her throat cramped and continued packing.
In the end, every suitcase, backpack, laundry basket and box was packed with food, clothes, batteries and all the survival items she had splurged on over the past few months. She no longer felt so ridiculous having bought them.
The trip back to Cassy's was completely silent. 
Aaron was home by the time they arrived, and the men took over unloading the car while Cassy made Edie sit and rest. She would be in charge of watching the girls during their committee meeting. While they were gone, she couldn't keep watching the news, so she had the girls come down and watch a movie with her. Even Molly sat with them. 
For a moment, as Edie sat on the couch and cuddled her girls in close, she allowed their innocent laughter to hold the crumbling world at bay. She closed her eyes and breathed them in, forgetting the terrible things that existed just beyond their door. Everything was whole and right again… just for a moment.
Outro



I hold on to my daughters as we cling to the brief moments of normality that are quickly slipping away. The world is shifting around us, drifting into frightening new territory no one has ever experienced. 
Some believe the attacks are an act of terrorism. Some believe it's the work of an overpowering government. Some refuse to believe anything is happening at all. I don't have the luxury to pretend everything is going to be okay. Not when I can feel the bugs buzzing inside my head.
I know the true fault of this crisis, and it isn't something that can easily be found and stopped. The little spiders dig deep within our power sources and eat it away, stripping us of the essential energy that feeds our comfortable, modern life. With the loss of electricity, we lose our communication, our productivity, our mobility. 
Our light…
How can we fight an unknown enemy with sticks in the dark? 
The Powers That Be have chosen to starve them, shutting down power plants across the United States, but the consequences are high. Now it's a test of endurance to see who can wait out the other, but so many people never had the chance to prepare. We aren't ready for how fast everything is changing, and we struggle to find traction in a world that is no longer our own. Tragedy after tragedy befalls us, tearing us down, but we still hold on to what was, hoping things will be normal again.
But I have my doubts as I sit misplaced in someone else's home, already separated from the life I used to know. All I can think of is getting my daughters to safety before I run out of time.
Before the spiders come and darkness falls.
The End



This is the end of FAULT. Follow Debra Rose for news on the next novel in the series and other works at 
www.writingroses.com

And as always, if you enjoyed the book, 
please remember to leave a review.
More!

THE WALK


BE SURE TO CATCH THE NEXT BOOK IN THE SERIES.


FAULT
FUSE
FREQUENCY


Written by Debra Rose and published by Writing Roses.
WWW.WRITINGROSES.COM


Don’t Miss!  

THE PHOENIX CURSE


STEP INTO A WORLD OF APOCALYPTIC RUIN AS THE INFECTED 
DISCOVER THEIR POTENTIAL.

AFTER
HOTEL
VEGAS
DREAMLAND
HAVEN
WESTGATE

This series was originally published under the pen name D.R. Johnson. The set of books is now being reformatted and edited for the author to publish under her full name, Debra Rose.
About the Author



Debra Rose is the author of The Phoenix Curse series, a bestseller in Amazon's post-apocalyptic and dystopian science fiction genre. Although she previously published under the pen name D.R. Johnson, FAULT is her debut novel after adopting her full name in publication. Debra is currently pursuing her Bachelors in Arts at Southern New Hampshire University, and she lives in Texas with her husband and two children.  

Debra specializes in science fiction and the supernatural, although she has been known to stray into the realms of fantasy from time to time. Her books have graced the top of Amazon’s bestseller lists and continue to captivate fans of the genre. Passionate about her craft, Debra continues to write enthralling stories that focus on character development during apocalyptic situations.
