
Fear and Aggression



Dane Bagley

Published by Dane Bagley at Smashwords

Copyright © 2012 by Dane Bagley

All rights reserved.  No part of this book may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission from the author.  For information send request to danebagleyod@gmail.com

Website http://www.perfectoptical.net/FearAndAggression.html
Facebook http://www.facebook.com/FearAndAggression
Email danebagleyod@gmail.com

All of the characters and events in this book are fictitious.  Any resemblance or similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

ISBN 978-1-301-20545-5 (Smashwords eBook)
ISBN 978-0-615-64122-5 (eBook)
ISBN 978-1-478-23960-4 (paperback)

Edited By Kayti Mayfield
kaytimayfield@gmail.com

Cover Design by Ronnell Porter
http://www.wix.com/ronnelldporter/design

Author Photo by Kim Greenfield
http://agreenfieldphotography.com



For Karen,
my sweetheart, best friend, and eternal companion



Prologue





Oh, how beautiful, she thought to herself, as they rounded the bend and looked out over the lake with the sunset reflecting off of the water.  Jenna’s husband, Chip, was be-bopping to the oldies music that had been playing on the satellite radio for the past couple of hours.  She glanced at him and he gave her a quick glance and a smile.
That glance brought back her train of thought.  Why was that?  Oh, that’s right, it’s his silly beard, she thought to herself.  He hadn’t sported a beard since they were dating over twenty-five years ago.  He really couldn’t grow a beard, with his light blond hair, but he decided to give it a whirl again anyway.
Jenna had been thinking about her name, and how much she hated it.  She still hated it after all of these years; and seeing his attempt at a beard brought it to the forefront of her thoughts.  Jenna Jenners, it just sounds sick—it’s a sick name.  Why did the man I love have to have that horrible last name of Jenners, she thought.  She really didn’t hate the name Jenners—it was the combination that she hated.  Jenna Jenners, that just sounds awful.
Chip had thought of plenty of ways to fix the problem.  He was happy with her keeping her maiden name, Rickson.  But Jenna was a traditionalist; she didn’t even want a hyphenated last name, nor did she think that it would help.  Chip loved her sandy blond hair, and had called her, ‘Sandy,’ just for fun.  “Since you are changing your last name to Jenners, anyway, why don’t you just change your first name to Sandy?” he suggested.  She liked the name Sandy—she even liked him calling her Sandy—but she was Jenna.  She had always been Jenna, and always would be Jenna.  There was no way around it: she was going to be Jenna Jenners.  It made her cry at the time.  Now, she could smile about it, but she still hated—really hated—her name.
The setting sun brought a brilliance of color to both the sky and the lake.  She felt happy inside.  If the worst thing about Chip is his last name, then I’m a pretty lucky woman.  She really did love him, and that was the only thing about him that she really didn’t like.  Sandy Jenners was no longer her pet name.  Sandy was actually her nineteen-year-old daughter, with long, sandy blond hair, just like hers.  That worked out perfectly, she thought.  Her younger, fifteen-year-old daughter had a lighter shade of blond, more like Chip’s hair.
The girls were both sitting in the back seat, with Sandy sitting directly behind her mother; Megan was sitting behind Chip, who was driving.  The girls had not said a word in hours.  They must both be playing on their phones, she thought.  Her daughters never had much to say or do with each other.  They could be together in the same room—or car—for hours and have no interaction.  It had always been that way.  She couldn’t think of a time when they had fought with each other.  They didn’t act angry or frustrated; they just never had much to do with each other.  It’s funny, I love them both so much, she thought, why don’t they get along better?  It really had always been this way, ever since they were little children.
Jenna turned around to look at her daughters.  Megan looked up with a classic fifteen-year-old, ‘what?’ expression.  She had headphones on, and didn’t look like she wanted to remove them.  Reluctantly she pressed pause and looked back at her mother.  
“Check out the sunset; it’s gorgeous!” said Jenna.  Megan looked up briefly, nodded quickly, and then dropped her eyes back to her phone.  “Tell Sandy,” said her mother.  Jenna didn’t want to have to lean over to get Sandy’s attention.  
Megan reached over and gave Sandy a gentle slap with the back of her hand on Sandy’s thigh.  Sandy turned her head and gave Megan a dirty look.  Megan bobbed her head towards her mother with a similar expression, as if to say, “I don’t want to talk with you, Mom made me do it.”
Once Sandy began to look out her passenger side window towards the lake and the setting sun, she lost interest in her phone.  The beauty captivated her, and she just looked out and gazed—something was clearly on her mind.  
Such beautiful, wonderful girls, who couldn’t care less about each other, Jenna thought as she turned back around to admire the view herself.  They were riding alongside the lake now.  It was just a few feet away from Jenna on the passenger’s side.  With her boys it was entirely different.  Even though they were fourteen years apart in age, they had been inseparable since her youngest was born.  They both absolutely adored each other, and would be happy to spend all of their time together.  That is why they were not with them right now.  They were home hanging out together,—probably having the time of their lives, she thought pleasantly.  I think I’ll text them and let them know when we’ll be home.
Jenna turned around to borrow Megan’s phone rather than fiddle in her purse for her own.  As she turned around, she shrieked, “WATCH OUT!”  But there was nothing that Chip could do.  A car racing at over seventy miles per hour, along a side road, slammed into them squarely on the driver’s side, crushing and killing Chip and Megan instantly.  Sandy and Jenna blacked out as both cars flew over the embankment and into the lake.
Jenna partially regained consciousness as the vehicles made impact with the water.  She was aware of her husband and daughter’s deaths—it was obvious—but wondered about Sandy.  She wanted to call her name, but could not as she blacked out again.  Both cars sank quickly into the lake.  The next time that Jenna regained consciousness was when she felt the cold water on her thighs.  Again, she thought of Sandy, and again, she blacked out.
She briefly regained consciousness when she inhaled cold water, instead of air.  She sputtered momentarily, but could not stay awake.  Jenna Jenners had taken her final breath.



Chapter 1





Einstein had been wrong.  Not that he was far off; the universe did seem compelled to obey the rules according to the paradigm of relativity.  And according to every experiment that was ever designed—beyond atomic physics—nature behaved just as relativity predicted.  Space travel, to any great extent, appeared to be a practical impossibility because of the vast distance between heavenly bodies.  The speed of light was the universal speed limit, and even if crafts were designed that could approach this speed in outer space, it would still take eons of time to move about from heavenly body to heavenly body (though it wouldn't seem to take so long to the space travelers themselves).  Therefore, this was of no practical use to either governments, or corporations.  And even if it were possible to design such crafts, the amount of energy required and the costs would be literally astronomical.  So, governments played around with the moon, Mars, Venus, some comets, and asteroids, but nothing of much use or interest was gained by it.
It really was nothing more than a mathematical technicality, something very few people could comprehend to any degree, whatsoever, and fewer still could see the beauty in it.  With human minds, and everything else in the universe, designed to experience reality in three dimensions, it is startling that it was ever discovered.  Computers, however, had been employed to simply analyze logic and math itself; to take mathematic suppositions and see if anything intriguing would come up from it.  It wasn’t that these machines were capable of free thought.  They were just doing as they were commanded; throwing out or changing one rule or principal at a time and seeing what would happen.  Very little had come from this and some of the brilliant yet skeptical minds wondered what could possibly be discovered by machines designed to work by a system of logic, questioning the system of logic itself.  Nevertheless, the fruitless computations went on.  The next step in the skeptic’s line of reasoning was that if something new, unusual, or intriguing was discovered in the calculations, how would the computers be able to assign it as such, flag it, and bring to the humans in charge an understanding of what was discovered?  If the computers were using the logic they were designed to use, everything would simply make logical sense to them.
Contrary to the skeptics’ logically beautiful line of reasoning, computers, while logical, are not philosophical, nor do they see beauty in anything; they simply do as they are told, and that’s just what they did.  The mathematics, of course, was unfathomable to comprehend by nearly everyone.  Those who supposedly did understand the math relied heavily on the computers.  But the bottom line was this:  Anything traveling in the three dimensional universe, i.e. traveling in a straight line, is limited by not being able to exceed the velocity of light.  
However, space was found not to be three dimensional at all.  The fourth dimension had been discovered mathematically, as incomprehensible as this was.  And, if traveling according to the mathematical paradigm of this fourth dimension, everything in the universe was exponentially closer together.  The way that it was described to the average budding intellectual on the street was this: if you were able to look at the three dimensional universe from the perspective of the fourth dimension, the three-dimensional world would look like a sine wave with high peaks and valleys, but with extremely rapid frequency.  So high was the frequency, that it was as though the three-dimensional universe was tightly folded up.  Traveling in the three-dimensional world would be a-kin to having to climb up a steep mountain, traveling a much farther distance than the actual height because of the numerous and lengthy switchbacks.  But, when traveling according to the fourth dimension, it would be like cutting straight across these switchbacks, and thus decreasing the length of the journey immensely.  Of course, those in the know say that this analogy is not entirely correct, but for all practical purposes this is how everyone visualized it.
The actual length from the earth to the furthest reaches of the known universe was calculated to be approximately twenty light years, when traveling via this ‘fourth dimension.’  In theory, this made the entire universe accessible for space travel within an individual’s life time.  Now, going back to Einstein, all of the great theorists wondered if the laws of relativity held up when traveling via the fourth dimension, as they did when traveling exclusively via the third dimension.  Initial results of experiments were encouraging, but there were always discrepancies.  Two camps ensued: those that held that relativity had failed relative to the fourth dimension, and those that held that the fourth dimension was incompletely understood, or slightly miscalculated.
Whether relativity was accurate or just a good estimate in speaking of the fourth dimension was a debate left up to the theorists, because in all practicality travel at velocities at or near the speed of light was still science fiction.
Speaking of practicalities, it may be wondered how traveling in this fourth dimension is possible at all.  It may seem as though it would be one thing to prove the existence and form of a fourth dimension, but an entirely different thing to maneuver there-in.  As it turns out, the engineers who went about tackling this problem didn’t find it to be much of a problem at all.  Once the computers had a mathematical paradigm of it, all that had to be done was to let the computer direct the motion of a space craft according to the four-dimensional paths calculated.  The fourth dimension had always been there, it was just so different from the third dimension that everyone was completely unaware of its existence.  Traveling within it was simply a matter of knowing how it was shaped, and that was only possible by complex calculations.
The days and weeks prior to the launching of the first space craft designed to travel in four-dimensional space were quite a spectacle.  While NASA maintained that what was going on was nothing more than a part of their routine space program, it was not a very well-kept secret.  Experts from all over the world were sought after for assistance: mathematicians, engineers, astrophysicists, cosmologists, philosophers, et cetera.  Too many of them lectured in too many halls to not have spilled too many beans for NASA’s liking.  When the fourth dimension was nothing more than theory and complicated computer calculations, public interest was all but nonexistent.  But when space ships, tax dollars, and journalists became involved, public interest became pandemonium.
One of the problems was that it was not a very well-leaked secret, either.  What was known was that the rocket would release a spherical vessel once it had left the atmosphere.  The spherical vessel would have rockets placed tangentially across its surface area, to enable the computers to move the ‘ball’ in any third dimensional direction possible, which would be, effectively, straight ahead in the fourth dimension.  Where exactly straight ahead would be was not known for sure, but the best guesses were the moon, Mars, or Venus.
The skeptics were in full swing.  They painted a picture in the minds of the average person of a very expensive ball being sent up to space that would simply gyrate all around; yet NASA thought that it would somehow arrive at its designed location faster than the speed of light.  Some suggested that since the ball would be so close to the atmosphere, if the computers decided to rocket it in the direction of the earth, that it would reenter the atmosphere and potentially wreak havoc on the earth’s surface.  Others wondered how much precious energy and resources would be wasted on all of these thousands of rockets firing off, seemingly randomly.  They reasoned that by having so many rockets fire in so many directions, they would be fighting against one another, and probably, at best, cause the ball to spin uncontrollably.
It was possible that a very non-vocal minority may have been excited about the possibilities, but public opinion generally ranged from apathy to sarcasm to rage.  By the time the big day arrived, it was widely considered likely to be the biggest, most expensive failure in NASA history.  The President and members of Congress began to distance themselves from the event.
Until three days before the launch, it was still classified as top secret, though it was anything but that.  With the mission so widely discussed, and pressure on NASA to make live satellite video of the event available for public viewing, the President made the decision to allow the event to be covered on live television.  It was the first time in many decades that the public wanted to watch live anything that NASA had done; however, this time the public interest was in watching NASA fail.
The launch went off without a hitch; all the disengagements went perfectly.  In a short period of time, the rocket, having left the atmosphere, released the ball.  It was far less of a spectacle than what had been conjured up in the public’s imagination.  Artists’ renditions of rumors are rarely very accurate.  Far fewer rockets covered the surface of the ball than the general public though, and it seemed to be rather drab, via the satellite images that the viewers were witnessing.
The ball and the rocket distanced themselves from one another, but nothing else happened.  It lasted two minutes and thirty-seven seconds, but most observers said it seemed much longer.  From the angle that the satellite captured the event, one rocket could be seen igniting for a split-second, and then the ball was gone.  Silence ensued across the planet.  In the upper right-hand corner of the television was a view entitled ‘Moon Cam.’  It appeared to be a still shot of a section of the Moon’s surface.  For seconds nothing appeared in either picture.  Then, just as instantly as the ball had disappeared from the main camera angle, it reappeared in the Moon Cam as it slammed into the surface of the moon, exactly centered in the image.  It had traveled at a velocity far in excess of the speed of light, or so it seemed based on the few seconds it took to reappear at the moon, and yet it barely scratched the moon’s surface.  The ball was broken, to be sure; it looked like an egg that had been dropped on a hard floor.  But that speed should have caused an impact that would have disintegrated the ball and caused an enormous crater to add to the moon’s copious collection.
But the ball had never reached a velocity worthy of being called a snail’s crawl.  It hadn't traveled fast, just differently.  The fourth dimensional distance between the spot that it began its journey and its final resting place was minute; considering how long it took, it had never reached much of a speed at all.  Its crash was more akin to a fender bender than a serious collision.
So there it sat, while the unblinking eyes of the world stared at it in amazement.  The world in unison had witnessed the impossible; forever the world would be different.  But for anyone to conceptualize this new world, at that point, would be like Benjamin Franklin imagining Las Vegas at night just after he had flown his kite with the key in the rain storm.
Still, the thoughts and feelings of everyone in the world were one; perhaps unlike any other time in history.  While most people had a very poor understanding of the physics of the three-dimensional world to begin with, still, everyone knew that things now were different—much different—and would never be the same again.





Chapter 2





It had been a splendid afternoon.  The temperature reached maximum a little after noon, yet there had been a cool and refreshing breeze.  As the sun began to fall and the temperature drop, the breeze had stopped.  It was neither warm nor cool, but just perfect.  The sun was behind the young man and his father as they walked slowly and methodically down the path towards their home, so they could not see the radiant orange and pink sunset behind them.
For the past twenty minutes nothing had been spoken between the companions.  They had had a day of talking, learning, and experiencing together; nothing could be spoken that would have added anything to the moment.  The young man, of a little over thirteen years of age, had an air of goodness, confidence, and self-assurance about him.  But at the same time he held his father in such high respect and esteem that he walked with his head bent slightly down, looking, as it were, at the ground several yards ahead.  The older man held a staff in his right hand and walked on his son’s right.  A close look at this man’s features revealed his age of fifty-two, but to look at him from a distance of only several feet he appeared younger.  He had striking—penetrating—black eyes, and a full set of thick dark hair with a slight wave.  His skin had a naturally light complexion, but was darkened somewhat because of the time he spent outdoors.  He walked erectly, his gaze parallel to the ground, and with smooth steady strides, less than half a pace in front of his son.  On his face could be seen a trace of fatigue, and yet with his eyes he expressed the smile of a very pleased and contented father.
“Caryell, I see your mother,” spoke the father firmly and pleasantly.  Though still a long way off, their home had come into view, and the wife and mother of the two travelers could be seen doing some chores in the comfortable early evening.
Caryell raised his eyes and gazed towards his home and his mother for a few moments while a pleasant smile slowly transformed his face.  A few seconds later he looked up and over towards his father, as his father simultaneously looked down and over towards him.  They both smiled warmly and brightly at each other and then continued to smile as they turned their gaze back to home.  “Father, I wonder what we shall be eating tonight," spoke Caryell resolutely though quietly.
“I will be content with anything tonight, but I am sure that your mother has prepared something special, my son.”
As they reached the clearing, Aspiria, having just noticed her husband and son, began to wave.  Her gestures were mimicked by those approaching, and she felt perplexed momentarily as to whether she should walk in their direction to meet them, or to stay and watch as they approached.  Aspiria was a beautiful woman of thirty-eight years of age.  She was thin, but not frail.  She was somewhat tall, with slightly broad shoulders.  Though she was certainly strong and fit, she also had a delicate look about her.  Her long, dark brown hair glistened in the sun.
Aspiria had spent the last couple of hours busy in the kitchen preparing a splendid feast.  The fowl that was roasting was almost finished and a wonderful aroma filled her home.  The table was set with vegetables, both steamed and raw, and fresh baked bread complimented the aroma of the fowl. She had a beautiful cake prepared and fruit juice to drink.  The kitchen had become a little warm, and she had decided to enjoy a few minutes of the waning sunshine outdoors.
“You look lovely this evening, my dear,” said Roloff as he approached his wife and kissed her on the cheek.  Aspiria smiled softly, and gazed at Roloff for a moment and then turned her attention to Caryell.
“Are you tired, Caryell?”
“No, only a little bit, mother.  I can smell the bird cooking.  Is dinner almost ready?”
“He must be hungry,” said Aspiria with a light chuckle.
“He is, and so am I,” said Roloff as the family walked into their home.
The Palador family lived in a fairly spacious one story home.  As they entered the back door, the kitchen could be seen on the left; straight ahead was their living room.  Aspiria had painted the walls a light yellow.  The room was well lit with large bay windows on the side opposite of the door that they had entered, facing the front of the home.  The windows were open, but the lacy-white curtains barely moved as there was no appreciable breeze.
Caryell entered the living room and sat on a large off-white couch that faced the stone mantel.  He laid back a little and put his left leg on the couch while letting his shoe dangle off of the front.  He closed his eyes for a moment, but then opened them and stared dreamily out in front of him.
Roloff disappeared for a little while in the direction of the master bedroom.  When he returned he had changed cloths and cleaned up.  Aspiria had just taken the roasted bird out of the oven when Roloff entered.  He finished setting the table and then began to carve the bird while Aspiria completed some finishing touches.
“Caryell, change and clean up; we shall eat in a few moments,” called Aspiria as she undid her apron and began to walk towards the master bedroom herself.  “How did everything go today?” she whispered, stopping short near her husband.
Roloff said nothing for a moment as he finished carving a piece.  “He is a fine young man in every way,” he said slowly and methodically without looking up from the bird.  “A father could not be more pleased.”  Aspiria stood there for a moment, and looked at the bird, then walked to her bedroom.



Chapter 3





Not more than two or three days after the ball had struck the moon, UFO mania had reached a new height.  At first the media treated it with contempt as it had always done; however, the public’s attention was fixated on the possibilities of space travel—away from, and towards the earth.  It didn't take more than a week before even the ‘reputable’ news sources were interviewing those who had been ‘abducted by aliens!’  Elaborate theories as to who among celebrities were really aliens or half-aliens were the talk of the town, whatever town one may be in.  Even those who were ‘level-headed’ had a more difficult time dispelling such ideas, for if intelligent life did exist on other planets, there was no longer any practical reason why they couldn't have traveled to earth.
This was the big question: did intelligent life, or life of any sort, for that matter, exist outside of earth?  The first backlash against the UFO mania came from some of the main stream religions.  “If life existed outside of this planet, our holy books would have said so,” went the argument.  The accounts of the creation seemed to imply that the universe had been created with the earth as the place for life.  Of course not all religions held such limited and ego-centric views of the universe, but they seemed to smile quietly, rather than join the chaos.  However, most people were not paying much attention to religious authorities at this time anyway.
Science was in two camps, both of which operated under the assumption that life on earth is a chance event that underwent a long, arduous, yet successful evolutionary process.  But, the uniqueness of this event is where the opinions differed greatly, and the camps separated.  One, affirming that the odds associated with such an event are so minuscule that even if many other planets were provided with similar circumstances, they would not likely bring forth life.  The other camp looked at it from a separate angle: with a universe so expansive and having existed for so many eons of time, the odds that only one little planet ever sprouted life seemed unfathomable.  Perhaps, if life didn't exist here, it would be feasible that it existed nowhere.  But the possibility of life was unquestionable; could it have only happened once?
While the media and general public fascinated themselves with UFO’s and aliens, and the scientists and philosophers pondered the meaning of life and the possibilities of extraterrestrial life, the capitalists had other things on their minds.  Space travel no longer required vast amounts of energy because time and distance were no longer significant hurdles, so governments with enormous resources were no longer requisite for space exploration.  Missions no longer had to be justified to the public in general.  Only relatively small amounts of capital were now required to reach out into the universe.  Within this universe there was undoubtedly a plethora of resources that were no longer out of grasp, and that would be very valuable.  So while there was some public debate as to whether private companies or individuals could travel around the universe and do as they liked without government approval, it never became a real issue because it just happened.  It became so pervasive and so successful that there was simply no stopping it.
Of course, while traveling around this vast universe became possible, finding valuable resources was like trying to find a needle in a hay-stack.  But the initial investments were very profitable; all that had to be brought back was a rock from another solar system, or better yet, another galaxy, and it would be worth a fortune.  Gold, silver, and gems such as diamonds, emeralds, and rubies were eventually discovered, brought back, and sold for enormous amounts; a ‘space diamond’ or ‘space gold’ at this time could be sold for one thousand times what the same quantity and weight of ‘earth gold’ or ‘earth diamonds’ could be sold for.
Those who undertook these ventures early on profited greatly.  It became like the 1849 gold rush.  Seemingly everyone wanted to strike it rich and became involved.  In time supply met demand, and then quickly exceeded demand.  ‘Space gold’ was available everywhere and the prices fell dramatically.  While demand was floated to some degree by finding uses for common things now made of gold, overall gold’s value dropped exceedingly.  At first ‘space gold’ and other raw materials were worth far more than ‘earth gold,’ but, soon these values reversed.  Investors began to stock pile ‘earth gold,’ and while its value was far less than before the ‘space gold’ phenomenon, it still held some value.  In particular, relics that had been crafted prior to ‘the ball’ remained quite valuable.
This quick shift in the availability of natural and precious resources won and lost fortunes for many individuals.   The economics of the world were on a roller coaster ride during this time.  Much worry, stress, and frustration resulted from this.  Still, while the shifts in the economy were quite dramatic, overall things were going pretty well.  Most people were employed, and doing just fine, but job and career changes were at an all-time high.  Even though people had more stuff than ever before, lack of stability, greed, stress, and anxiety caused a general lack of happiness around the world.  Often boundaries are considered obstacles to happiness.  Yet, when those boundaries are dissolved, and people seek for happiness beyond those former boundaries, they find less happiness than they had had before.  So, the universe was opened up to the world, but the people of the world were less satisfied than they had been before—in relative isolation.



Chapter 4





With the table set to perfection and the individuals of the family cleaned and nicely dressed, Roloff Palador offered the blessing on the food.  With his heart full of gratitude, humility, and joy, he offered a short, yet eloquent prayer; then the family began to divvy up their feast.
Aspiria took her portions first, as Caryell, not quite patiently, waited.  He, and then Roloff filled their plates, and the family ate.  Caryell wanted to thank his mother for the feast, and express how good everything was, but was unable to, as at the moment as he was not capable of stopping himself from filling his mouth with bite after bite.  Aspiria, who had had a more relaxing and quiet day, was quite ready for dinner conversation, but politely acquiesced for a few minutes, as she could see that any attempt would, at this point, be fraught with failure.
Her patience lasted only a few minutes, and then she asked Caryell, “Are you enjoying the dinner?”
Realizing his mild rudeness, and recognizing that his mouth was still full, he looked up at his mother with his bright beaming eyes.  What a strange concept it is, that an anatomical entity, such as a mouth, could be used for two such differing functions: eating and speaking.  Be that as it may, when his mouth was clear he said, “Yes, Mother…it is wonderful, thank you very much.”  And with that, his eyes returned to his plate and he began to work on his unfinished business.
Aspiria smiled slightly and glanced over at Roloff, who, incidentally, had his mouth full at the moment, as well. He, being more experienced and clever as to the subtleties of unspoken communication, communications with the opposite sex in general, and more particularly with his wife, deduced that it was time for dinner conversation.
“Taun Lake was teeming with fish this morning.  Several flocks were catching their fill.  If I'd gone to hunt, we would have brought a bounty of nice fowl like this.”  Aspiria, who had just taken a bite, nodded approvingly, and then cast her gaze towards Caryell.  “However, today was not a day for fishing or hunting,” Roloff continued as he sat back a little, put his right arm around his son, and squeezed his shoulder.  “Caryell has begun his journey into manhood this day,” and pausing briefly, “so no more calling him your ‘lil’ papo.’”  Aspiria gave a short sarcastic grin, while Caryell, looking down at his plate shook his head softly with a slight flush.  Roloff smiled warmly and then chuckled lightly for a moment.
Indeed, the day that a boy begins his journey into manhood was a special time for the Paladors and their people.  The feast that they were now enjoying was capping off a singular father and son experience.  Traditionally, the father would spend the day with the young man teaching him of the world, elevating him physically, mentally, and spiritually into manhood, and Roloff believed strongly in tradition.  In large measure, the father discussed the roles of man, and in particular, the relationships of men and women.  Reproduction was described in detail; not simply the technicalities, but also as part of the pleasures and responsibilities of marriage.  The emphasis was to be on the spiritual nature of love, family, and posterity, intermingled with work, responsibility, and patience.  Roloff made a special point of explaining how women, especially one’s wife, should be treated with the upmost respect and admiration.  Beyond this, much was spoken of civic duties, education, and the dangers and pitfalls of the world to avoid.  Some was spoken of church and religion; much was shared about God, the purpose of and eternal nature of life—that birth and death, while important events, were neither the beginning nor ending of the soul and the family.  All of this was brought full circle in describing the family as the basic unit of society, and as an essential element of the purpose and plan of life.
For Roloff and Caryell this was all accomplished with the backdrop of the beautiful woods and lakes surrounding their home.  They talked as they walked, as they rested by the lake and skipped rocks, while they prepared and cooked meals, and as they explored in the woods.  It was certainly not a lecture, and Roloff didn’t need to organize his presentation.  It was all an intimate part of his being, and thus flowed naturally and conversationally.  And conversation it was.  All that was shared this day was not new to Caryell; the details of reproduction were very enlightening to the young man, but much of what was brought up had been talked about before in some sense or another.  So Caryell shared his thoughts, asked many questions, and expressed his opinions in this detailed conversation.  Still, never had so much, and in such great detail, been laid on this young man’s mind at one time.  His silence at the dinner table was more than just the feeding of a famished body; his mind was overfilled, and subconsciously he was trying to put the pieces together.
“We are so very pleased with the young man you have become, Caryell,” Aspiria said smiling.  “It is a special day for you, and a special time in your life.  In only a short while you will begin your higher education.  Do you think that you are ready?”
“Thank you, Mother, I hope so.  I do feel grown up.  Father said that no one is ever ready, but that you do your best and it all works out.”
“Your father knows what he is talking about.  It is a credit to you that you listen to his counsel,” said Aspiria, wanting to add a little counsel of her own.  But her thoughts, and the conversation in general, were cut short with a brisk knock at the door.



Chapter 5





It is somewhat strange how the U.S. Government took the lead in utilizing the fourth dimension in space travel with ‘the ball’ experiment, but that for many years thereafter the private sector alone traveled significantly through space, while NASA remained, apparently, silent.  In reality, NASA’s plan was to come up with a plan after the experiment; successful or unsuccessful.  If the top minds could have been inquired into at the time, they would have expressed that the next stage would be to perfect or fix the problems from the first experiment.  But the experiment went off without a hitch.  Any and all directions that NASA would have gone in next were undertaken quickly by private industry.  Elected officials were more concerned with the economy than with NASA.  Scientists were occupied as part of many of the space endeavors that were already being conducted.  It simply was not a priority, nor was it clear exactly what the federal government’s role should be in this new space age.
The environmentalists were putting a lot of pressure on the government to regulate what was being done to the ‘precious’ raw materials of the universe.  It was a little difficult to get public sympathy for a now infinite supply of raw materials to be classified as precious.  They also suggested that the explorers were destroying pristine places, and wreaking havoc on the beauty of the universe.  A hard line of reasoning to follow, since beauty is a hard thing to gauge without being able to witness something in the first place.  With this extensive space travel, people were able to behold many things of beauty in the universe.  For those who were not able to go into space, the pictures that were brought back could be seen.  The beauty was more apparent than ever before.  As far as the taking of natural resources goes, literally the surface had not been scratched.  From an earthly perspective, it seemed as though much was coming and going; truly, most of the universe had hardly been seen or touched.  The earth was just a tiny grain of sand and the universe was a beach; after millennia of mining, the universe still had secrets to be discovered.  
Still, the environmentalists had another concern: with all of this raw material being transported to earth, won’t the mass of the earth increase?  This will change the gravitational relationships between the earth, sun, and moon.  Disaster would be imminent.  The reality was that just as much was going out, as was coming in.  With all of the space crafts, and later space stations, that were being put in place, the earth would have lost a little mass if it hadn’t been replenished by the various cargo loads.  Nonetheless, it is doubtful that there was ever enough coming or going to have made a difference.   It wasn’t as though these companies were just bringing cargos of space dirt and dumping it en masse.  In fact, for those that were truly concerned about the environment, the earth had never been in better condition.  Minimal mining was occurring throughout the earth, the use of non-replenishable energy sources was not increased at all by the space traveling, as it didn’t take much energy at all, and as the ability to use replenishable energy was increasing.  But the true colors of the ‘environmentalists’ were quickly becoming evident.  They were anti-capitalism, anti-progress, anti-technology, and especially anti-freedom.  So, as their arguments that the earth’s environment was being damaged were fleeting, their liberal socialistic agenda became more evident.  As liberal policy, at its essence, requires the equal divvying up of a closed limited system; and as the world seemed closed or limited to almost no one, their ideas garnered support from very few people.
However, because the environmentalist lobby had been so strong in Washington for so long, they were largely responsible for convincing the Federal government that some sort of a presence would be needed in the last frontier.  Part of the problem was deciding whether this presence should be U.S. alone, or ‘international.’  Those pushing for an international presence desired a policing regime funded primarily by the United States, but led equally by all nations involved, and whose purpose was primarily to limit the ability of U.S. corporations to profit from outer space ventures.  This idea was quickly nixed.  For those who preferred a national presence there was much debate as to whether NASA should simply expand and change into a stronger auxiliary, or if NASA should be dissolved and a new organization with a little more bite should be formed.  Although the Federal government had never been afraid of redundancy, it never considered keeping NASA, and also creating a new agency.  
Rumor was that the new agency that was being considered would be a new branch of the military; the ‘Space Force.’  The media labeled this debate, ‘Star Trek vs. Star Wars.’  Should we boldly go where no man has gone before, as scientists and ambassadors, or should we create an all-powerful space empire?  NASA vs. Military in space cartoons were all over the political pages depicting goodly scientists on one side, and warmongers on the other side.  
Either way, the public could not help but envision alien worlds that would need to be explored or conquered.  Aliens were still on the forefront of many people’s minds.  Of course, rumors abounded about all of these contacts with aliens, or evidence of life that had been found on all of these commercial voyages, but that were being covered up by the U.S. Government.  There were a handful of vessels that had disappeared and had not been heard from, but no hard evidence had ever been shown; many people were beginning to wonder if life outside of this little sphere was non-existent.  
Science had not given up on the possibility of intelligent life outside our planet.  Though the general public may have esteemed the space explorations up to that point as profound, science realized that only the tiniest of samples had actually been analyzed.  So, while the scientists had NASA's ear, they suggested that a more systematic approach needed to be undertaken in the search for life outside this planet, but they also had the attention of the military.  Behind closed doors it was being considered that if intelligent life did exist outside of the earth’s atmosphere, a military presence would be prudent.  So the environmentalists and liberal scientists were, in large measure, at least as a catalyst, responsible for a military presence in space: the Space Force.
Yes, the ire of the international community was raised when the announcement of the dissolution of NASA and the formation of the new branch of the military was made.  And yes, damage control was already in full swing, in describing the Space Force, the new military agency, as merely a technicality.  Its primary purpose would be to perform scientific experiments, to search for intelligent life elsewhere in the universe, and to monitor any suspicious activity of other earthly vessels in space.  The bottom line is that it was formed and activated, and that was all there was to it.  Those that didn’t like it had to deal with it.  Drafting was not necessary in filling this new military branch.  Volunteers for military service had not been so high since the twentieth century.




Chapter 6





The family stopped and looked at each other momentarily.  It was not unusual to have visitors, or other interruptions in the evening.  But somehow, no one had envisioned this special family occasion being interrupted.  Roloff arose and headed through the living room to the front door.
Caryell turned his attention back to his plate, while Aspiria picked up her fork and poked at her food, but couldn’t help but listen to what was happening in the other room.
Roloff was unable to hide his disappointment when he saw who was at the door.  Seryen Olefften was a younger man than Roloff, a little over forty.  He was tall and slender with a very dark complexion, more gray than olive.  He did not have very attractive features.  His eyes were also very dark, and inset deeply.  His left eye and orbit were situated somewhat higher than the right giving his face an awkward, uncomfortable appearance.  He wore no facial hair, though his face was scarred, likely from bad adolescent acne.  His hair was dark and straight, and he kept it combed back and to the left.
Seryen could tell that his intrusion was not received with joy this evening.  Seryen had been by to interrupt Roloff in the evening several times before.  He knew that it was Roloff’s custom to open his door widely, and then quickly and warmly invite his visitors in.  Tonight however, he opened the door just enough to see whom it was and was dressed much nicer that he usually would be for an evening at home.  The greatest indication of Roloff's displeasure was that he wore an expression on his face which seemed to say, “I do hope that this is not important, and that it will not take long.”
Mr. Olefften was a very serious man, and as Roloff opened the door to greet him, he had a characteristic stoic expression on his face.  Seryen had always felt awkward when he went into the Palador home; his demeanor did not match the warm and friendly atmosphere there.  Subconsciously it caused him some stress as he knocked on the door, trying to prepare himself for the transition he would have to make.  It was, however, doubly awkward this evening, as he saw Roloff with his serious demeanor and was unsure how to proceed.
Roloff recovered more quickly; as he opened the door a little more and smiled, he said, “Come in, my friend.”  Seryen truly was a friend, but his unexpected presence always indicated a problem or concern.  Seryen was a part of the town council of which Roloff was the head and was dedicated to this position to the utmost degree.  Seryen was the first person thought of whenever anyone in town had a problem, because he would take it upon himself willingly and dutifully to help in whatever way possible.  Ironically, he and his wife Prianna were typically the last people considered when the people in town made invitations for social occasions.  
“I am sorry for my intrusion this evening, Mayor Palador,” he said as he entered the door with his head bent down, his eyes making contact with the floor.  “I would not be here except that…I am afraid that this matter will require your attention this evening.”
Roloff's heart sank as he heard those words.  He had already resigned himself to this reality, but somehow hearing it expressed destroyed any hopes left that an evening at home with his family was possible.  
“Leave the matter a bit; you must be hungry by now and Aspiria has prepared a marvelous feast.  Come in and share some with us,” said Roloff, not yet wanting to hear the details of this matter of concern.
The aroma in the air left little doubt as to the exquisiteness of the feast in the next room.  Seryen was hungry, and even if he were not, he knew from past experience that it would be futile to refuse Roloff.  “Thank you,” he said, and followed Roloff into the dining area.
As Roloff went to get a plate, cup, and utensils, Seryen walked over towards the table.  Aspiria stood and with the best smile she could muster and gave Seryen her hand.  Caryell stayed sitting, chewing his most recent bite, but turned toward Mr. Olefften with a bright smile in his eyes.  
“Mrs. Palador, Caryell, good evening,” he said formally.  Suddenly a look of horror transformed his face; looking at the table and then at the family members a terrible realization hit him.  “Tonight is Caryell's special feast!  I should have known.  I am so sorry to disturb you this evening,” he said with despair.
Perhaps he should have known that all the young men Caryell's age were having their special feast this day in honor of the beginning of their journey into manhood.  He had plenty of time to think as he walked for about twenty minutes in route to the Paladors’ home.  But family matters where not on his mind.  He and Prianna had been married for nearly twenty years.  In the early years of their marriage having children was on the forefront of their minds.  But as time went on, and it looked increasingly impossible that they would be blessed with children, he kept his mind off the subject as much as possible, it being too painful to consider.  Rather, he occupied himself and his thoughts chiefly with civic duties, and kept himself thus so absorbed as to avoid most reminders of this unpleasant reality.  His wife Prianna, on the other hand, had a much more difficult time keeping this, her deepest regret, off of her mind.  But she also engaged herself primarily in public service, and did her best to appear content.  If Prianna had been with me this afternoon, she would have reminded me, he thought as he searched for a way to rectify the situation.  “Perhaps, if you could advise me on the matter, I could take care of this myself,” he said hopefully, but even as he said it, he knew this was impossible.
“Perhaps, if you told me what this is all about first, then we could decide what needs to be done,” Roloff said cheerfully. “But unless the town is burning to the ground, we have a few moments to eat.”  Roloff handed Aspiria the plate, and sat down, motioning for Seryen to do the same.  Caryell held out his hand and shook it vigorously.  Aspiria handed him a plate filled generously with the feast, and Seryen reluctantly took his place.
For a few minutes there was silence around the table as Seryen began to eat.  Aspiria, like most people in town, found the Olefftens, particularly Seryen, difficult to associate with.  Still, she treated them well, and Aspiria was one of Prianna’s closest friends.  In part this was because the Paladors were good to everyone, but it was also because she felt more understood by Aspiria than other women.  The Paladors too had a difficult time in having children, and Caryell was considered a great blessing.
Mr. Olefften was not Caryell's favorite of his father’s visitors.  Primarily this was because he paid Caryell very little attention, but also because Caryell could sense his awkwardness.  Even so, Caryell liked him well enough.
“Thank you, this feast is delicious,” Seryen said quietly, but still breaking the silence.  He grabbed his drink, and washed down his most recent bite and sat back a little.  “The Lodophins had quite a scare today.  Alleff, Mrs. Lodophin’s youngest son, put a letter opener, all steel, into their electrical socket.  The safeties blew, but not before it gave him quite a shock.  He has pretty good burns on his right hand and leg, apparently where the charges entered and exited.”
“Oh, that’s terrible, is the child alright?”  Aspiria interjected with a look of concern on her face.
“Alleff has been under Dr. Benren’s care all afternoon, and he should be just fine.  It seems to have calmed him down, so perhaps he won’t be up to so much mischief, at least for a little while,” Seryen said with a hint of a grin.
Bellerie Lodophin was a heavy-set woman in her mid-thirties.  She had five boys, and no girls.  Alleff, the youngest, was four, and the oldest was fourteen.  The Lodophin boys were a wild bunch.  If any boys needed a father around, it was these boys, though they were not much different before their father’s untimely death three years prior.  Mrs. Lodophin was a very eccentric woman.  People in town would say that handling those boys would drive anyone nuts.  She did not hesitate to call on the school, church, and civic leaders for help whenever the need arose, and it arose often.  Seryen, naturally, was called on quite often, but unlike others in town, she did not seem to be as concerned as to whether those whom she called upon for assistance were as desirous to give that assistance.  Her pleas went in every direction.  She was as powerful and manipulative with the leaders of the community in getting what she wanted as she was inept in controlling her boys. 
Bellerie Lodophin had been left with a very generous inheritance by her late husband, for which people in town were generally grateful.  She took many trips to the city, unlike most people in their town of Arkasia.  A much-needed respite, by most accounts.  There, she gained an appreciation for the modern conveniences of life for which electrical power was required, and which was not available in Arkasia.  
She was the first to petition the town council for electrical power a couple of years ago.  Though most people in town were intrigued by the idea, cost was the major obstacle.  Bellerie offered to donate a section of her land for the electrical substation to be built upon.  Actually, the arrangement turned out to be more like a leasing of the property.  The city’s electrical company would pay for the line to the substation, and for half of the cost of the substation.  The members of the town then would only be required to pay for half of the substation, and the lines to each individual residence.
Ordinarily the council would have simply decided such matters, as they had the authority to do so, but because of the cost and radical nature of the endeavor, they chose to put this issue to a vote of the people.  With just over two thousand adults in the town of Arkasia and the surrounding area, the vote was 1,604 in favor, and 208 opposed.  Within a year the town was electrified.
Sensing where this discussion was going, Roloff asked, “How is Mrs. Lodophin doing?”
“That's just it; she is threatening to have the substation removed from her property.  She says that she must speak with you immediately.  I assured her that you had not been by because you knew nothing of the incident.  I believe that when she sees that Alleff is alright, and has calmed down, that she will change her mind.  I could go back and tell her that it is Caryell’s special day, and that you will be by in the morning.”
“No, I am sure that she will be expecting me soon.  We had better get going,” Roloff said while getting up from the table.  
Aspiria also arose and said, “Let Mrs. Lodophin know that I will be by to check on Alleff in the morning.” She walked over to kiss Roloff goodbye.
“I will try to not be gone too long; I hope to be back in time to share some of that cake,” Roloff said reassuringly.  “Caryell, I am sorry to have to leave.  I hope you know what a wonderful son you are, and what a special day I have enjoyed with you.”
Caryell came and gave his father a hug.  “I do, Father, I love you. Thank you for everything.”
Seryen finished a few remaining morsels in the meantime.  Then he thanked and apologized to Aspiria again, while getting up in preparation to return again to the Lodophins.



Chapter 7





Mark Jenners’ room was a disaster area.  After shuffling his junk around for about fifteen minutes, he found the object of his search, the latest issue of the ‘Space Patrol’ comic book, under a pile of dirty clothes.  The thirteen-year-old boy then hopped onto his bed, grabbed a handful of Doritos from a half-filled bag on the floor, and began to scan the pages.
Space Patrol comic books came out soon after the announcement of the Space Force.  Essentially, the Space Patrol was the comic book version of the Space Force.  Their mission was to protect the earth from all of the evil aliens.  Each issue featured a grotesque alien race that the Space Patrol had to annihilate, and of course each time they did just that.  The Space Patrol consisted of young, powerful, energetic men and women in tight-fitting black uniforms.  The men were good-looking, muscular, and fearless.  The women were beautiful, full-figured, and aggressive, wearing uniforms that covered little more than a bikini would.  All were equipped with powerful laser guns.  Their ships, too, were loaded with laser guns, missiles, and nuclear weapons.  The use of nuclear weapons was, of course, acceptable when destroying aliens and their worlds.  This issue was about the Zoracks, a hideous group of aliens that came to the earth’s moon and stole the remnant of ‘the ball,’ from the experiment several years earlier.  The shattered pieces of the ball were practically sacred relics, at least according to this comic, and therefore those aliens needed to be obliterated.  These particular creatures were so revolting that they looked like they had it coming, whether they stole anything or not.  This was entertainment at its finest, at least according to Mark and his generation.
Mark closed the book over his thumb, holding his place, grabbed another handful of chips, and sat up a little.  I can’t believe school starts already tomorrow.  This summer was so boring, I didn’t get to do anything fun, Mark thought as he munched on his Doritos.  MTV, now actually music television, was blaring from the living room; an upbeat song that Mark enjoyed had just begun.  He tried to settle back into his story as he tapped his feet to the beat.  Soon the comic book was sitting on his chest, and Mark was jamming to the beat with both hands, and nodding his head as much as he could with it lying on the pillow.  
As the song ended and the commercials began Mark felt a wave of boredom coming over him.  He chucked the comic book across the room, having already reread it twice this week, and got up and went to the window.  Several boys were riding bikes around the apartment complex parking lot.  It did look fun riding bikes around, but the boys were younger, and Mark thought, I feel like I’d get a headache out there in that bright sun.
Mark had slept in until after 10:30 AM, and now that it was nearly 1:00 PM, he had still not had anything decent to eat.  After kicking around the junk in his room for a few moments, he headed into the kitchen and filled himself a bowl of mint chocolate chip ice cream.  He moseyed into the living room and plopped on the couch.  
“Ah, I hate that song!” he squawked out loud as soon as the next video came on, and he fumbled for the remote.  He settled on a talk show while flipping around the channels.  Some dude was describing his being abducted by aliens.  They tortured him, experimented on him, and then explained to him that they were going to destroy the earth.  It was not clear whether he learned to speak their alien tongue, or whether they just told him this in English.  Then they let him go so that he could warn everyone.  As fascinated as Mark was in aliens, somehow this story just wasn’t jiving.  Besides, Steve, Marks older brother who happened to be a Captain in the Space Force, had told him that the Space Force was watching earth so closely that there was no chance any alien ships had come to earth.  Gramps says these people are a bunch of idiots, Mark thought as he began flipping the channels again.
“Is it true that credible evidence has been found that there is intelligent life out there?” asked a reporter to some government official on a news channel Mark had paused on.  The channel had been showing a video clip of Stardust 20, the space station where Steve Jenners, Mark’s older brother, was awaiting his next voyage.
“No, there has not been any evidence of intelligent life discovered.”
“But isn’t it true that the ZX-120’s, the Space Force’s newest vessels, are equipped with full laboratories that could make a detailed analysis of any life forms?”
“Like most of our missions, the new ZX-120’s will be headed into completely unknown areas.  Some of these areas we believe have planetary systems; we want to be prepared for anything.  These ships are by far the most impressive ships in the Space Force.”
Back to the anchor: “The new ZX-120’s are all stationed on Stardust 20 awaiting their maiden voyages.  Many are questioning the cost of these new ships, when the government claims that there has been no evidence of life…”
I hate the news!  They spend half their time reporting rumors about aliens, and the other half of the time saying what a waste of money the Space Force is.  Mark picked up the remote again and switched the channel, although this time more deliberately back to MTV.  The video on was much more palatable to him, so he took a couple more bites of his ice cream, and settled himself comfortably for an afternoon in front of the tube.


Chapter 8





“So they’ve given you your own ship, huh?  What’s this place coming to, anyway?” said Mike West, one of the top-notch mechanics on Stardust 20.
“They’re letting the Captain and pilot each handpicks one crew member,” replied Steve Jenners, the recently-promoted Captain of the ‘Galaxy Charger,’ one of the new ZX-120’s.
“So how did you and Spearman get hooked up?”
“I don’ know; assigned, I guess.  You know him, don’t you?”
“A little; he’s a good pilot, takes his job real seriously.  He’s well-liked for an older guy.  Probably not a bad idea putting a young punk like you with older, experienced, and more mature guys,” Mike remarked, only halfway joking.  
Mike West was a little older than Steve, thirty-four, while Steve was twenty-seven.  Mike was of average looks, with brown, straight hair and light brown eyes.  He was about six feet tall and very slender.  He did not look very strong, though that was deceiving.  He was by far one of the best mechanics, or engine specialists, in the Space Force; indispensable in that capacity.  He was very much a perfectionist in everything he did.  But he also had a very witty and dry sense of humor, and he was a very loyal friend once his trust was gained.
Steve Jenners, on the other hand, was more reckless and ambitious.  He was a natural-born leader.  Steve was good-looking, tall, and well-built.  He had blond hair, with a light wave, and bright blue eyes.
“I seem to detect a bit of jealousy here.”
“I did think that I was up for a Captain promotion.  I don't think it was so much a lack of qualification, as them not wanting to lose their best mechanic,” Mike commented as he put his tools down and faced Steve.  Mike had been playing with a full scale model of the ZX-120 engine.  The engines were new, and he didn’t want to leave anything to chance.
“I can't disagree with you there; you don't think I picked you because you are such a pleasant person to be around, do you?”  They both chuckled and Steve put his right hand on Mike’s shoulder.  In reality, Steve would have picked Mike even if his technical skills were not so extraordinary.  They had both been on the same crew for their last mission.  Mike was the engine specialist, and Steve was the pilot.  They had developed a deep friendship and respect for one another.  Although Steve was thrilled to be a Captain, he did feel somewhat intimidated.  He knew that he was one of the youngest Captains ever promoted, and that his performance would be watched closely.  He wanted nothing more than to be surrounded by those he was familiar with and trusted; skill and technical prowess were also greatly appreciated.  Although a little nervous, his ambition was no less intense, and he wanted to do well.
“So who’s Kenny picking, his navigator?”
“I suppose so; we'll find out soon enough,” Steve replied, not thinking much of the question.  Kenny Spearman was a forty-one-year-old pilot.  He’d had a late start on his career, but was one of the best on the force.  He, too, was up for a Captain promotion, and was likely to get it next time.  But the powers that be thought that he would be the perfect counterpart to their new, less experienced Captain.  Kenny was very much a team player, and was more than happy to serve wherever requested.  He was serious and level-headed, but good-natured and approachable.  
“The four of us are having dinner in Captains dining, in an hour.  We'll find out who else is assigned on the crew tomorrow.”  This would be Steve’s first official meeting with crew members as the Captain.  He was excited, a little giddy, and he was anxious to get a few things done before dinner.  “See you in a bit.”
“Aye, Aye, Cap’n,” Mike replied with a wink and a smile.
Steve headed down the corridor towards his living quarters.  The main corridor ran in a complete circle around the middle of the spherical main body of the space station.  Rooms were to his left towards center, and the living quarters were to his right on the surface of the main body, so that each room had one window looking out into space.  The station rotated around about every two hours, and the sights were marvelous to behold.  The station was in orbit around the moon of a large gas giant planet in a galaxy far from the Milky Way.  The planet had a large horizontally situated ring from the perspective of Stardust 20, and another smaller, vertical ring whose orbit was much closer to the surface of the planet.  The moon had no atmosphere, and was about sixty percent of the size of earth’s moon, dark brown in color.  It did not have any craters, but rather lines of mountain ranges.  They looked like the swirls on the top of a large piece of a boxed chocolate.  Though officially it, like its planet, had a large technical name with letters and numbers like all of the heavenly bodies discovered, it was lovingly referred to as the dark chocolate moon by everyone on the space station.  The planet had a pale green appearance with white cloud like whorls.  However, depending on its orientation relative to the distant star it was orbiting, it sometimes had a lighter yellow or darker blue hue.  So, throughout the station’s two-hour rotation, the scene through one’s window would change from views of the moon, to views of the planet with a glimpse of its star, to a full, spellbinding star-scape against a pitch black sky.  It was breathtaking, to say the least.
Coming around the corridor, one of the civilian girls was walking in the direction towards Steve.  He had noticed her around a couple of times before, as she was very beautiful.  She had long, curly, red hair, and strikingly blue eyes.  Her head was slightly down, and she was looking away from him, so he looked directly at her nametag—Tammy Rogers, Medical and Research.  She looked up and over at Steve, and smiled as they passed.  She was even prettier than he thought.  I wonder if it’s too late to change my mind about Mike; Tammy Rogers would make a perfect handpicked member of my crew, he joked to himself as he headed to his quarters.
Captain’s quarters were tiny, but single occupancy, rather than dual occupancy like the lower-ranked quarters.  It consisted of a fold-down bed that doubled as a desk, a couple of drawers, and a tiny closet.  With the bed up, it was conceivable to change one’s clothes, but not comfortably.  With the bed up, the desk revealed a small built-in computer.  Steve sat on his small stool and turned his computer on.  He wrote an email, and filed a couple of reports.  The Internet was not complete to the space station yet.  It would still be a while before a fully-functional, nearly instantaneous Internet would be available in space; the technology was incomplete.  Sending electrical signals at the speed of light through fourth-dimensional space was possible, effectively making communications from anywhere for all intents and purposes without delay.  But the ability to do this was new, and at the moment expensive, so it was fairly limited in capacity.  The space station sent and received signals constantly, but sometimes it would be hours before something, like an email, got to the front of the queue.  They would receive portions of the Internet daily, and then make those pages immediately accessible on space station computers.  It was even possible to have telephone conversations with earth, but because of bandwidth limitations, it was not ordinarily done.  The Captains were told earlier that day that they would each be permitted one fifteen-minute phone call, and were given a schedule for their call.  As the bandwidth increased, it was expected that every room would have a useable phone, and instantaneous Internet, email, and television.
After checking the latest news on the L.A. Dodgers, Steve changed into his formal Captain’s attire, and headed out to Captain’s dining for dinner.  Showing up a little early, and expecting to be the first there, he was taken aback by seeing, already seated, Kenny Spearman and another man whom he was not familiar with.  He headed towards the table and before he knew it, the two men stood to attention and saluted him.  
“Captain Jenners, this is James Smith,” spoke Kenny.
“Pleased to meet you, Captain Jenners,” replied James.  James was a thirty-two-year-old black man.  He had moderately dark skin, very short hair, and two small vertical scars on his left check.  His head was somewhat big and long, and he had a very sober expression on his face.  Kenny, on the other hand, had a warmer expression on his face.  Kenny had light brown, curly hair that was now more gray than brown.  He wore a full beard, about half an inch long, that had the exact same coloration as his hair.  He had a large build, and a large head with particularly large hands, but he was neither overweight nor very tall, about 5'11".
“Pleased to meet you, too,” Steve replied.  Just then Mike walked up.  “Hey, Mike, this is James Smith, and you know Kenny Spearman.”
Mike shook both of their hands. “I sure do.  How’re you doing? I know James, too, but I thought you were a computer guy?”
“He sure is, the best in the business,” interjected Kenny. “I jumped at the chance to have James on board with me,” he said, obviously wanting Steve to be pleased with his selection.  
“Let’s sit down,” said Steve, and the four men settled down to a bit of ice-breaking, and some jockeying for position.  John Carryman, one of the most experienced and celebrated Captains on the Space Force, walked in the room and headed over to Steve’s table.
“Captain Jenners, looks like your first crew’s shaping up.  Well, I wish you the best on your maiden voyage.”  He scanned the table for a moment, and then with a look of concern stated, “Looks like you've surrounded yourself with the best; but where is your navigator?”
“We’ll be assigned one tomorrow,” Steve answered beginning to feel uncomfortable both in Captain Carryman’s presence, and by this recurring theme and concern.
“There aren’t many left to choose from; most everyone has been assigned already.  I’d hate to think who’s left,” he said matter-of-factly, and yet condescendingly.
Steve, feeling a bit belittled, embarrassed, and now defensive, wanted to explain himself.  At first he wanted to tell why Mike was so invaluable, then how he would have expected Kenny to get a navigator—which he almost did—but realizing how Kenny was so pleased to have James on board, and seeing that it would be insulting to both Kenny and James, and further knowing how making excuses would make him look weak in front of his subordinates, he sat silent for a moment. He then replied, “We may not get the most experienced navigator, but we have good navigational experience between us; I think we’ll be fine.  Thank you for your concern.”
“You do have some great expertise here.  Captain Jenners, men: best of luck to you.”
“Thank you’s”, and “best of luck to you, also” rang from the table as Captain Carryman went to the other end of the dining hall.  The dining hall was like a glorified school cafeteria.  Attempts were made to give it an upper echelon appearance, but eating there made one feel more like they were in grade school, then having a fine dining experience.
 For a few minutes the conversation that had not really began, was already quenched.  James, who had a good sense about him, and a delightful social tact, punctured the silence.  “Captain Jenners, I'm real proud to be a part of your crew.  I've heard real good things about you, and I plan on makin’ you proud.  I think there is a good chance that one of these missions will be successful.”
“Let me tell you a little about James, Captain,” Kenny followed.  “James is a large part of the reason that these ZX-120’s were designed the way that they are.  They’re designed to analyze living cultures; aliens.  James has been very successful in analyzing the readouts, and he has found several potential spots to investigate; systems that have planets, likely with the characteristics to support life.  He’s presented convincing enough evidence that before sending a ship out there, they wanted to be ready for the event that we find what we are looking for.  This planet and moon we’re orbiting, James found.”
“There are some systems out there that I've caught some weak signals from that don’t seem random.  I’m hoping that we get assigned to one of those systems.” The excitement was obviously boiling within him.  Here was a man that was doing what he was doing for the pure love of it.  He was not looking for promotion, or even recognition; just accomplishment.
“The man’s got a nose for this type of thing; if there is intelligent life out there—James is going to find it.”  
The computer specialist, besides helping the pilot and navigator in getting to the right place, and keeping the systems running, was responsible for the research astronomy.  The computer specialist was to analyze the raw data that was constantly being gathered.  Considered a very technical job by most, James somehow was able to read between the lines, and see patterns beyond the formulas.  He made predictions that were not possible based on the level of accuracy of the measurements he would make, and then they would pan out to be true.  He too was indispensable in his position, but he had no desire to be promoted to something else.  He was doing what he loved, and was well-respected for it.
Steve and Mike had been silent, listening.  Both of them were feeling a tinge of remorse.  Mike’s motivation was to execute his assignment with flawless perfection, and he wanted the personal recognition.  Steve was seeking personal success: advanced ranks, praise, and glory.  Neither Steve nor Mike had thought much of the ultimate success of the mission: finding intelligent alien life.  Steve had thought it would be his job to motivate the crew to a successful mission, doing what was expected.  But here he was confronted by two men who wanted the ultimate goal of the missions realized.  He was already beginning to feel that he was the student here, and not the teacher. Besides this, he was starting to feel unsettled about the situation without a navigator.
Mike knew a little more of James and Kenny, and their passion for their work.  But he was taken aback by the expectation that first, alien life existed, and second, that we were close to finding it.  “So you really think they are out there?”
“Yeah, I don’t see why not.  We’re only just beginning to narrow in on places that have potential, but we are going to find something out there.  Whether it’s advanced or intelligent, I don’t know, but those signals I’ve seen are uncanny.”
“James has shown me some of his stuff,” interrupted Kenny.  “The Space Force is real serious about it too—with these ZX-120’s.”
Steve was starting to feel excited.  He had initially joined the Space Force hoping in the back of his mind that he would be a part of something exciting like this.  But in the daily routine, he had lost sight of it until now.  The dinner arrived, and it looked good.  Better than normal rations.  
“Eat up gentlemen, thrilling times are ahead,” Steve exclaimed with an air of confidence.  He wanted to re-assert his role of leader, and not follower.  Plus, he, too, was feeling a renewed sense of destiny.  Lighter conversation followed, and as they began to wind up the meal Steve gave his first orders, “Meet me in the sky dome at 5:30 AM, dressed and ready to go.  I will have a printout of the rest of our crew assignments, and our mission.  I’m sure each of you wants the info as soon as it’s available.  Plus, I want the remainder of the crew to understand how seriously we take our work.  We’re going to get this off on the right foot.”
Steve had trouble sleeping.  He tried closing his eyes for a while, but his mind was racing too quickly.  So he laid and stared out his window for a very long time.  With new eyes he gazed at the planet, the moon, and the stars.  A boyhood excitement filled him, and he thought about what he was about to embark on.  Not the particulars that had recently so encumbered his mind, but rather the big picture.  He thought about what he was doing in the same way that his little brother Mark thought of it.  He began to think of Mark, and was excited to talk to him tomorrow.  He knew that he was bigger than life in that boys mind, and he wanted his little brother to be so proud of him.  Slowly the melatonin overcame the rapid synaptic firings, and he drifted into a peaceful, though shallow, sleep.
The alarm blasted at 4:45 AM and it felt as if his eyes had just shut.  At the same time his heart raced with excitement.  His full crew, mission, and all the details he desired would be on his email in fifteen minutes.  He hurried and showered, then got dressed.  Overall, things seemed quiet around him, and he figured that he was just getting an earlier start than most of the Captains.  At 5:00 AM the email had not yet arrived, so he finished his hair, shaved, and made sure that he was all together.  5:07 AM, it arrived and he sent it directly to the printer.  His grandpa had returned his email from yesterday, and they were awaiting his phone call later.  The reports were printed for each crew member, and he grabbed the stack and headed to the Skylab.  He certainly wanted to be early, and was hoping to beat everyone there this time.
He was out of luck again.  He arrived at 5:20 AM, and everyone was there in full uniform, sitting on some sofas near the back observation window.  The planet and moon were not in sight through the large window, but instead, the most perfect star-scape imaginable was in full view.  The men stood to greet him, and he quickened his pace to hand them each a packet with the details.  
“How does it look?” asked Kenny with a smile and some enthusiasm.
“I just got it printed and headed up here; I haven’t had a chance to look,” he said as he handed Kenny, then Mike, and finally James their papers.  
James raced past the crew information, and started to read the details of their mission.  Steve went right to the crew info:  Steve Jenners, Captain, okay, skip, Kenny Spearman, Pilot, uh-huh, skip, third ranking officer, Navigator - Bob Merick, never heard of him.  Promoted to Navigator date—today?—three previous missions as Secretary? Well-liked, no Navigational experience, twenty-six years old.  He looked up to see what the other men thought of their navigator, but they were much more concerned with where they were going, than who they were going with.  James had what appeared to be a look of despair on his face.  
Kenny, the consummate team player, said as cheery as possible, “Looks like were headed to an uncharted region.”
“Not analyzed, either,” interjected James, trying to sound unaffected.  “It looks like they want my skills put to the test again.  I thought I might get to take it to the next level this time.”
“With this distance, it sounds like they want to put my engine to the test, also,” Mike said with some excitement.  
“What do you think of our Navigator; new guy we're training?” asked Steve.
Kenny rummaged through the papers and then got a concerned expression on his face, “Bob Merick, huh?”
“Do you know him?” Steve inquired.
“Yeah, I know Bob.  He was Secretary on a mission of mine, six…seven months ago,” he answered.
“What’s he like?”
“Oh, he’s a real nice guy.  I’m just surprised to see he’s a navigator.”
“He may be surprised, as well,” said Mike.  “He just got promoted today, and he may not be up yet.”  Mike continued to scour the papers.
“Do you think he will be alright?” asked Steve wanting the full story, not just the abstract.
“He’ll have to be.  It’s just that he didn’t seem interested in that sort of thing.  He was so excited to be in the Space Force, and on a mission; but he was never interested in the technical details.”
“It’s not easy navigating in areas that haven’t been analyzed.  You have to watch what’s going on almost without blinking,” stated James.  “We’ll all have to be on our toes.”
“Looks like you are going to have your strange life form to analyze, James.  We’ve got a civilian on board,” said Mike.
“I can see that.  And it’s a female of the species.  So this could be interesting—a Ms. Tammy Rogers, of the medical and research division.  She’ll probably be running the lab, but without some specimens, she’ll not be very busy,” retorted James.
“Maybe she can cook.  We’ve got a brand new guy for secretary, Danny Wang.  He’s only twenty-three, and it’s his first mission,” Kenny commented.  Kenny always appreciated having a good cook, which fell under the secretary’s duties.
Steve, who was having a hard time getting past his navigator woes, hardly noticed when James mentioned Tammy’s name; but the brain cells that held this audible message in memory successfully brought it to consciousness. Tammy Rogers, that’s the pretty girl I've been noticing around here! he thought to himself, and he felt excited again; allowing his concerns about the navigator, temporarily, to leave him.
For the next forty-five minutes they continued to pore over their mission notes, and discuss the details.  James’ spirits were lifted as they joked and commented together.  A feeling of camaraderie was there, and a general sense that this crew would work well together seemed to be felt by all.
“Well, it's about 6:30, so I think I will go introduce myself to the rest of the crew and give them their papers,” Steve said, getting up.
“You’d better go see Bob and Danny first,” said Kenny.  “Civilians don’t have to be up so early, and a young lady might not appreciate the first interview with her Captain if it’s before she’s made herself up for the day.”
“Alright, well, we’ll see you all at 4:00 for our crew meeting.”
“Sounds good Captain” and “See you later” rang the chorus.



Chapter 9





“Aren’t you the lucky one?  Captain comes by first thing in the morning to let you know you’re in his crew.  And wow, is he cute!  All I get is some papers in the slot saying be here at such-and-such time,” exclaimed Mary, Tammy’s roommate.
“I saw him in the corridor yesterday, and it looked like he was checking me out,” Tammy returned.  
“This is getting good; do you think our young Captain pulled some strings to get you on his crew?”
“I hope not, look where we’re going.  It’s uncharted and unanalyzed.  We’re basically heading out into the middle of nowhere.  What are the chances that we’ll run into some little green men out there?”
“Who cares about little green men when you’re out there with a man like that?”
“He is cute, isn’t he?  I guess that’s the consolation for being sent on an analyzing mission instead of an exploring mission.  I just feel that my extraordinary talents are being wasted,” Tammy quipped and both women started giggling.
“It’s so weird, we get all of this elaborate training, get all of this expensive equipment, and go on an amazing adventure to the far reaches of the universe; they spend all of this money, and for all we know it may all just be rocks, and burning gas except on little ol’ planet earth," Mary said, feeling enlightened and philosophical.  “And where are you, Ms. Rogers?  Here we are on stardust 20, but your eyes are even farther away.”
Tammy’s beautiful sapphire eyes were focused a million miles away, outside the window.  She stayed there, silent and wondering for a moment; then the gleam came back into her eyes and a smile transformed her countenance.  She looked over at Mary, and then back away with the dreamy look again.  “I really want there to be something out there.  And I want to find it.  I’ve always had this—I don’t know—dream, or hope, that I would be the first to discover something.  You know, me in the lab, and here’s something new—completely new.  And no one in the world knows it at all, but me.  And for those few seconds, or minutes, or hours, I have it alone.  To know something that no one else knows.  Can’t you imagine that feeling, that realization?  Some life form, with characteristics, different, and unimagined; and me there—unraveling the mysteries of existence.”  She turned to Mary with a big smile, looking directly in her eyes, and then widening her own as if to say, “Cool, huh!”
“Wow, Tammy, that does sound cool.  I’ve never thought of that before.  I’d probably just scream, and then spill the beans to the first person I see,” Mary said, looking up at the ceiling, and then with a laugh, “I can see it now.  You discover the secret of alien life, and then you go up to that cute Captain of yours, and say, ‘I know something you don’t know, na na na na na na,’ and you've got him wrapped around your finger.” They both started laughing boisterously; both of them lying on their backs on their beds, they stared out their window with wonderment and some nervous anticipation about their upcoming adventures.  Tammy, feeling disappointed and excited all at once, allowed her emotions to multitask for a while.  Mary was feeling excited for her friend, and jealous.  But that combination of feelings was not so incompatible, nor singular.  They both lay there in silence, in their own little worlds, but in some sense bonding.  It could be a long time before either of them would be able to bond with another member of the same sex, in this same way.



Chapter 10





The door opened and a tired older man walked into the room.  He had on jeans, a rugged button-up collared shirt, and an old baseball cap.  He’d spent most of his life as a bread truck delivery driver, so 3:30 AM was nothing new, but 2:30 PM was now a time of exhaustion for this sixty-eight-year-old formerly retired man.  
“Hey, Markey, you mind turnin’ that down some?”
“Hey, Gramps,” Mark mustered lazily as he barely turned the volume down.
“What you been up to; last day of summer, ain’t it?”
“Nothin’.”
“D’you check email?”
“No, not yet.”
The older man disappeared for a while in the direction of his bedroom, while Mark continued to brain drain in front of the tube.  
Ryan Rickson, Mark’s maternal grandfather, had been his caretaker for the past four years.  He had lost his wife to cancer about twenty years ago, and had lived alone for a long time.  About five years ago he went into retirement with no clear objective, other than not working.  It had been a painfully boring year—primarily occupying himself with television—but would become only painful when the accident happened.  Mark’s parents and two older sisters were returning from a day trip in the evening.  A car with an extremely intoxicated driver hit them squarely on the driver’s side and both cars went off of the embankment into a lake.  It was in a very rural area, and there were apparently no witnesses to the accident.  In addition the road was in terrible repair, so that the effects of the accident were not obvious to anyone casually driving down the road.  The drunken man and the four family members were all killed; no one was found for three days.  Mark’s father and one of his sisters likely died instantly on impact.  His mother and other sister may have lived for a short while, but were not likely conscious, as there was no apparent attempt of escape.  
Mark had been with his older brother Steve at the time.  Steve had been away for a while for his Space Force training, and had returned that summer for a short while.  Mark looked up to Steve immensely, so Steve had planned an entire day together.  Fishing and boating, and a little bit of basketball mixed in.  They had been up watching movies, and were very concerned that the family had not shown up from the trip.  At three AM Steve had called the police, and then everyone he could think of.  For three days they had no answers, until a phone call detailing the accident came from the police.
Steve had to arrange with the Space Force for an extended leave while he made preparations for Mark.  Grandpa Rickson quickly volunteered to be Mark’s caretaker, and within the week had come out of retirement to increase his means, as he knew his retirement would not be sufficient to raise a growing boy.
Mark’s memory of the time was about as bitter-sweet as possible.  He had spent what seemed to the best day of his life with his older brother, and then the state of confusion for several days, followed by moving away and in with his grandpa.  Although he loved his grandpa, he felt a terrible loneliness, and longing to be with his sisters and parents.  
Grandpa Rickson also felt the terrible pangs of losing his only child.  But after the acute phase of grief passed, he felt happier than he had in years with Mark in his home, and being back at work.  He had felt a great concern of inadequacy, but he was a man with a sense of duty.  Still, there was a lot of adjusting for two people thrown together amidst dreadful grief.  Grandpa Rickson, unlike Mark’s father, was not a man of many words, nor was he affectionate like Mark’s mother.  He was not fun-loving like Mark’s sisters, and indeed did not have much of a concept of life outside of working and television.  He did like baseball, and he had always wanted a boy to throw the ball around with.  So for a little while he would take Mark out in the apartment parking lot and throw a ball.  This was past him now, as his body was not up to it, and he used the excuse that he was afraid they may break something in the parking lot.  
Although Mark didn’t think on his circumstances much, being the last day of summer, he was reminded of the limited experience he was having; no trips, no siblings around, very few activities, and his sense of emptiness and loneliness was evident in the melancholy state he was in.
“Hey, Markey,” Grandpa shouted in an unusually enthusiastic manner from his room.  “Come ‘ere, look’t this.”
Mark, feeling the fatigue of inactivity, and being zoned out with music and daydreaming, almost answered back, “Come here and tell me,” but since Grandpa sounded unusually excited, he decided to drag his tired body into Grandpa’s room.  
“What’s up, Gramps?”
“Steve’s got his mission and all.”
“Where to?” Mark interrupted.
“Dunno, but he’s callin’ us...I think this afternoon, lookee ‘ere.”
“What?  Oh, cool!  Yeah, he’s gonna call any minute.  Wow, they let Captains do anything.”  Adrenaline began to seep into his veins, and he could feel a touch of lightheadedness.  He sat on the bed and just smiled while Grandpa, feeling excited himself, continued to go through email.
“I’ll answer and talk for just a couple of minutes, then’ll let ya finish up his fifteen minutes.  All right, Markey?”  No answer followed, as both of them pricked their ears in anticipation of the phone ringing.
After a few minutes of silent anticipation the phone rang, and Mark got up instinctively—like a track runner to the sound of a gun—and answered the phone.  “Hello?  Hey, Steve!”  As he saw his Grandpa’s irritated look, he remembered the deal.  “Gramps wants to say hi for a minute,” and he handed him the phone.  
“Hi, Steve, good ta ‘ere from ya.  You doin’ alright up ther’?”
“I'm doing great, Grandpa.  How are you and Mark getting along?”
“Just fine. Just fine.  So what’s yer mission gonna be, eh?”
“We’re going into an unanalyzed region.  I’ve got a great crew.  I'm real excited.”
“We’re shore proud’ve ya, Steve.  You'll do real well now.  ‘Ere’s Markey, so goodbye now.”  Ryan would have loved to talk to Steve for a little while longer, but he knew that Mark was dying for the phone, and fifteen minutes is nothing on a phone call to a loved one that hasn’t been seen by his family for a while.
“Hey, Steve, man, you’re a Captain.  What’s it like?”
“It’s great, I’m pretty excited.  How are you doing?”
“Alright, I start back at school tomorrow.  So that bites.”
“I hear you.  Did you have a good summer?”
“No, I didn’t do anything.  So, what’s your crew like?  Do you have any babes on board?”
Chuckling, Steve replied, “We’ve got one woman on board.  She’s in charge of medical and research.”
“So she’s your alien dissector; cool.  But is she a babe?  The chick that’s the alien dissector in the Space Patrol is pretty hot!”
Steve grinned. “Oh, Mark, you make me laugh.  Last time I talked with you, you didn’t even know what girls were.”
“I can see you’re ducking the question,” Mark stated, feeling grown-up.
“Yeah, she’s a babe.  I think I’ve got a great crew—probably the best pilot, and engine specialist, and computer specialist around.  This girl is supposed to be top-notch in research, too.”
“Awesome.   You’ve got one of those new ships, don’t you?  Everyone here says they’re designed to really study aliens.”
“We’ve got to find some aliens first.  This mission we're being sent to is an area that’s completely unknown.  We’ll be really starting from scratch.  But who knows, if there is something out there, I’ve got the crew to find it.  It’s pretty exciting just to be a part of this.  I’ve seen some amazing things out here.  But after all we’ve seen, and all the places we’ve been, so far, there’s nothing to indicate other life out here.  Some guys really think we’ll find something soon.  I just don’t know.  It’s so quiet out here, you know?  I'll tell you one thing though; if there is intelligent life out there and we don’t find them, if they ever go looking for us, they won’t have any trouble.  All the things we’re looking for them with, electromagnetic signals, or just signs of being around and doing things, well, we’ve left our mark,” Steve said contemplating.
“Whoa, that’s a scary thought.”
“I don’t mean it that way.  I’m just saying that if some other intelligent beings were out patrolling the universe, you would think that there would be some evidence.  It seems that either there is no one else running around out here, or else they are keeping themselves well-hidden.”
“Man, that’s a scary thought, too.” Mark uttered in all seriousness.  To him and many other people, the idea of interacting with other worlds did not seem too farfetched.  In Mark’s mind, it was when, not if.  Visions of space battles often raged in his head.  For a moment, things seemed so clear, and a dichotomy of excitement and vulnerability emerged from his limbic neurons.  “I can’t wait until I’m out there, too.  I just hope that you don’t destroy all the aliens before I have a crack at them.”
“I'll see what I can do,” Steve said, chuckling again.  “So you think that you want to do this too, huh?”
“Oh yeah, of course.”
“You got to get those grades, man.”
“Oh, I forgot about that,” Mark said, mostly sarcastically.
“Don’t forget about that.”
“I know, I know.”
“Are you doing alright?  I mean, it’s got to be hard, missing Mom, and Dad, and the girls,” said Steve softly.
Mark was quiet for a moment.  “It’s hard,” he said quietly.
“I miss them, too.  I'm here for you, you know,” Steve remarked sincerely.
Mark was getting a bit teary-eyed, but forced a little laugh, and then said in a slightly shaky voice, “You’re on the other end of the universe!”
“You know what I mean.”
“I know; I do.  You’re a great big brother.  You’re going to do awesome as a Captain!”	
“Thanks, Mark.  My time’s about up.  I love you, and I’ll talk with you again soon.”
“I love you, too, Steve.  Bye.”
“Bye, Mark.”
The connection discontinued and both parties hung up.  Mark felt full, but within moments that feeling transformed into a feeling of a larger void than he had even felt before.  The one thing that could have picked him up was the chance to talk with Steve.  But he hadn’t even had an opportunity to anticipate it.  It had just happened, and as wonderful as it was, it was now over with not even the hope of something else to anticipate.  All he had now was an evening at home with Grandpa, likely watching television, and then the sick feeling of starting school the next day.  It wasn’t that school was so awful, it was just that getting some momentum after being stationary for so long felt overwhelming.  Mark stood by the phone for a few seconds, taking the conversation in, and savoring every bit of it.  Then he started to feel overcome, and tears once again entered his eyes.  He quickly wiped the overflow, and then headed into the living room to join his grandpa watching the TV.  



Chapter 11





Bellerie Lodophin was calmed down and actually in a rather good mood.  Alleff, although somewhat subdued, was in rather good spirits and was feeling much better.  The electrical safeties had been repaired, the lights were on, and everything was working.  The boys were running around and creating all sorts of mischief (sort of their way of expressing how relieved they were that Alleff was okay, and glad to be getting things back to normal, not to mention catching up on all the trouble that they had surprisingly not caused during the stressful afternoon) of which Mrs. Lodophin was nearly oblivious to.  So, when Mayor Palador and Mr. Olefften arrived at the door, Bellerie had to think for a moment why they were at her door at all, not to mention transforming her mindset back to the victim and disgruntled citizen, which in this instant was emotionally too draining for her to give a full effort to.  But, not being one to give anyone, especially male authority figures, the upper hand, she did half-heartedly address the Mayor in a like state to that which she had approached her earlier visitors that day: “Mayor Palador, I’m surprised you had not been by earlier today.”  She of course had been informed that Mayor Palador was unaware of her calamity, by Seryen himself, and that he had left, only an hour or so ago, to inform the Mayor and, although not actually spoken, to retrieve him; but this, though somewhat annoying to Seryen, was of no consequence.
“Seryen has told me of the traumatic afternoon you and your family have been through,” he said sincerely and with a serious enough tone, though with a cheerful expression in his eyes.  Roloff had a way of calming those around him.  In this case Mrs. Lodophin was already calmed internally.  But he also had a way of reading people through and through; he knew, almost instantly, that he was here on ceremony, and that quickly all of their designs (Both Mrs. Lodophin’s and his and Seryen’s) would be accomplished, and that he would likely get home before the evening was too late.  But he also understood that he would have to play the part for a while, which he settled into comfortably.  Seryen, on the other hand, was more ill at ease, and Roloff suspected that he had not yet grasped the situation.
Bellerie typically wore long loose dresses, of which she had a brown and yellow, fairly light-toned, one on this evening.  She, having always been obese, carried her weight naturally.  She had light brown hair, neither long nor short, that tonight was worn down straight.  She had glasses that were rather large, but not so much that they overshadowed her plump rounded face.  Her green eyes were somewhat magnified by her hyperopic lenses, giving her glances an added punctuation, yet adding to her largeness in an unattractive way.  Ordinarily, she was always pleased to have important visitors in her home, but tonight she felt too relieved to be effectively manipulative, and was eager to get back to her comfortable and relaxed state of mind.  Still, they were here, and it wasn’t like she wasn’t going to take advantage of the situation; plus, she liked Roloff’s company well enough.
“Is Alleff well enough that we may see him?”  
“Alleff?  Oh, he, well, he has had a terribly bad day.  Um, I think you can see him, that is, I’m sure you will see him.  He’s been running around...his brothers have him riled up, and they’ll probably be in and out.  But you should have seen him this afternoon, how his face was so white and he was so scared.  I was beside myself with fear, and I wanted—well, I’m not sure I want to have the substation on my property.  My boys are the most precious things in the world to me, and...”  The sound of things falling to the floor was heard with a crash, and almost instantly a boy’s voice was heard crying.  Bellerie, subconsciously, rolled her eyes, and was about to go on explaining how precious her boys are to her when Seryen volunteered to see what was happening with the boys; and then got up without waiting for a reply.
Roloff continued to listen while Bellerie continued on, “This electricity is so powerful, and dangerous for my boys, I am afraid that something awful may happen.  Oh, dear, it has been hot today, I’m glad they were able to fix the power so quickly.  I don’t know what I would do without it.” Bellerie sat back, more relaxed, not even remotely aware of the mistake she had just made in consistency.  Seryen walked back into the room carrying Alleff, who had tears in his eyes, but was no longer crying aloud.
Roloff arose and walked to Alleff.  “Ah, Alleff, how are you, lad?  I hear you had a rough day.”  Alleff stared at him with a sober expression, as if to say, ‘not someone else to check me out again.’  “Are you still ticklish?” Roloff queried with his eye brows raised, and then lowering his brows smiled warmly.  Alleff’s eyes brightened as Roloff spoke, and Roloff reached over and tickled his ribs lightly.  Alleff giggled and squirmed a little.  Roloff reached over to pick him up, “My boy I am so glad you are well,” he said as he lifted him up from under his armpits and bringing him to his chest gave him a warm embrace.
Bellerie smiled and stood up.  “It takes more than a little shock to knock out a Lodophin boy.  They’re tough as can be,” she called out as more crashing sounds could be heard from the down the hall.  “And about as wild as electricity itself,” she commented and the group shared a hardy laugh.  “I suppose it will be best to keep the substation here.  They couldn’t have repaired it so quickly, if it happens again, without it being here.  Besides, my boys are even more likely to wind up in trouble if it’s where I can’t keep my eye on them.”
“I’m pleased to see that all is well here.  I’m glad to see that you are back to your mischief,” Roloff said, turning to Alleff with a smile that was returned by the boy.  “We were very concerned to learn of all this.  Aspiria will be coming by tomorrow to see how you are doing.”
“Oh, it will be good to see her.  Well, Mayor, it is getting late and I must get Alleff to bed,” she said, not hiding her desire to get rid of her guests so that she could relax.
“Get some good rest, Alleff.  You as well, Bellerie,” Roloff spoke with a cheery smile as he made his exit.
“Goodnight, ma’am, Alleff,” Seryen said with a serious expression.
The two late travelers walked silently down the road until they were well out of earshot.  Seryen was obviously pleased that everything had gone so well.  In fact, it was just what he had hoped for.  But for some reason he had a sick feeling in his gut that was gnawing at him.  His first thought was that it was because this visit was unnecessary, and he had ruined the Palador family’s special evening.  Things could have waited until morning, or he could have gone himself this evening and patched things over.  But as he tried to justify himself to this line of reasoning, his gut feeling would not subside.  That was the problem; if he had gone on his own this evening, he could not have patched things up.  Was he jealous because Mayor Palador was so good and effective?  No, he genuinely admired Roloff’s powers and the esteem with which he was affectionately showered.  It was his own inadequacy that was weighing him down.  He may have done all the right things, and been in all the right places, yet he did not have the power of persuasion, nor the ability to penetrate and affect people emotionally.  Mrs. Lodophin had nothing against Seryen, as far as he could tell.  She seemed to genuinely appreciate his service rendered to her this evening, and in times past; yet, she had shown, without any intention at all, how meaningless Seryen’s hours were to her, and how meaningful Roloff’s moments had been.  Seryen felt no anger, for no one had offended him, yet he felt bitterly disappointed with himself, who he was, and where he was going.  Perhaps a part of his pain was the further realization that Roloff was returning to his son to share what was left of a special day, and he was returning to a home barren of children.
“Well, I suppose we won’t have to worry about the electrical supply for now.”
“Yes, it does appear to be solved.  I’m truly sorry that I had to drag you out this evening.”
“Don’t be.  It was a necessary step.”  It stung Seryen to hear him say that, but he was only too aware of that statements truth at that moment.
“So what made her change so rapidly?”
“She’d already changed her mind when we’d gotten there.  But if I hadn't gone there this evening, she may have just as easily changed her mind back.”
Yes, that was true.  But there was more to it than that.  Roloff was being humble.  It was not simply his position that made the visit effective.  It was his own inward power as well that made her soften so quickly and completely.  Now that Seryen understood his own internal distress, he felt a bit relieved, though not completely.  They had reached the point in their journey where Roloff was to return home one direction, and Seryen the other.  “Mayor, thank you once again.”
“Thank you, Seryen.  Goodnight.”
The night had grown dark, and a little cooler, though not uncomfortably so.  But the moonlight was bright, and the path clear as Roloff made his way home.  He had spent the day walking, and was perhaps a touch fatigued, but was not aware of it at the moment.  He was at peace with himself, and enjoying these few moments of solitude.  Though this excursion had taken away from his valuable family time, it had not taken more than an hour.  Aspiria and Caryell had undoubtedly spent some nice time together.  He felt grateful to his wife and son for their understanding and patience as he performed his civic duties.  In the distance he could begin to see the shadowy outline of the exterior of his home; the front windows ablaze from the light within. Subconsciously he quickened his pace towards home.



Chapter 12





“What’s Bob doing?” Kenny asked Steve.  Steve was staring straight ahead with a faraway look.  After a second or two a smile began to creep over his face and he looked over towards Kenny about the same time that Kenny looked at him.  Steve shook his head slowly, and reached toward the console, pressing a button.
“Merick, report on deck.”  Releasing the button both men chuckled lightly.  
With the mission underway for just a few short days, the unofficial, unspoken, unwritten roles of each crewmember were beginning to take shape.  Bob brought a special comic relief to the ship.  It was neither overt, nor subtle, and it seemed to flow naturally and effortlessly.  His was not the sharp-witted, dry, perfectly timed comment, surgically placed within a group discussion or conversation—that was the domain of Mike West, the engine specialist.  Somehow the way Bob said and did things was just funny.  Rarely did it seem that he had meant to evoke humor intentionally, yet when he brought a chuckle, smile, giggle, or deep-bellied laugh, he would just smile brightly and bask in the light-heartedness of the moment.  It never felt like anyone was laughing at him, it was always with him.
“Captain, do you need me on deck right now?” came the reply over the intercom.
“Bob, we’re flying through outer space at a pace faster than light can go in the third dimension.  We need our navigator on deck.”
“I’m sorry, I just got hungry, and I was thinking about this casserole that Mom makes.  So, I was showing Danny how to make it.”
“Are you with Merick, Danny?” Steve asked.
“Yes sir, Captain Jenners.”
“Does this casserole sound like it will be good enough to justify Kenny flying without a navigator for another half hour?”
“If it’s good eating it will be worth it!”  Kenny interjected.
“I don’t know, sir, I...”
“Oh, it will be great, Kenny, Captain, you’ll love it,” expressed Bob.
“You’ve got a half-hour, and I need you up here.”
“Thanks, Captain...hey—don't cut it too small...”  Both men laughed a little. 
Steve looked at his watch.  “When’s James due back up here?” asked Steve.
“Not for a couple of hours.  He put in a long shift, and was pretty tired.  I want to let him sleep as long as he needs.”
“Are you alright on your own for a little bit?”
“Sure,” said Kenny reassuringly.
“Call Mike if you need him, I'm going to check on Tammy.”
One of the primary problems with space travel, in the past, was how much energy it took to move large ships such long distances.  Now that the energy required was quite minimal, it didn’t make sense to skimp on the proportions of the ship.  For a seven-person crew, the galaxy charger was very large.  Each crew member had comfortable quarters.  The galley was particularly nice, with food a-plenty.  Freezers were filled with all of the delicacies.  There was even an internal greenhouse with fresh vegetables growing.  The research lab was of particular stature.  It was immense and filled with state-of-the-art equipment, all organized such that one individual could effectively run it smoothly.  
While the entire ship and crew were under the direction of Captain Jenners, the lab and research specialist had a somewhat different relationship.  Tammy, their research specialist, was a civilian.  As a member of the crew she took orders from the Captain, but in regards to her daily role and mission, she received her direction from Central Command.  It wasn’t as though the Captain wasn’t privy to what was going on in the lab; it was just that the orders didn’t come from him.  This all made sense, considering that everything else going on, aboard the ship he had knowledge and understanding of; in fact, he had served in most of the capacities and positions before.  He had no experience or expertise in medical or research, nor did any of the other fleet Captains, so it made sense that they were under a different chain of command.
It’s unlikely that this would have presented him any concern, or much thought, if the research specialist would have been some guy who kept mostly to himself and his work.  But Tammy was the most beautiful, attractive, and intriguing woman he had been near before.  Though, to be fair, he had been in space, on missions, for quite some time, and there were very few young attractive females around.  But Tammy was something special, independent of the immediate scarcity of beautiful women.  As he made his way down the final corridor towards the research lab, he thought about his relationship to her.  I wish I completely understood our professional relationship—it would help in understanding a personal relationship...were his final thoughts as he reached the door to the lab.
Tammy was standing at the other side of the room with her back to him.  She was wearing dark green shorts that went down about mid-thigh, a tan shirt, and a pair of brown open-toe sandals.  Her skin tone was a lovely olive which gave her exceptionally shapely legs a tan appearance.  Whatever was occupying her attention had her sufficiently engrossed, such that she was unaware of Steve’s approach to the door.  He stole a couple of moments admiring the view before he made a quick sharp rap at the door frame.
“Hi, Captain Jenners,” Tammy replied with a genuinely bright smile as she turn to see who knocked, “I was wondering when you would stop by to inspect the lab.”  This she said with a pleasant tone, and a bit of anticipation which gave Steve a feeling of both calm and excitement all at once.  She started towards him, but he didn’t move.  Her sapphire eyes and illuminating smile had captured him; no, she wasn’t the most beautiful women he’d seen in some time, she was more beautiful than anything he had laid eyes on before.
“Come in, come in, no aliens in here to cause concern; at least not yet,” she said with a smile.  Steve stepped in, meeting her just inside the door.  It was true that this lab, like all of the labs in the new ZX-120’s, was built with the intent to examine extraterrestrial life, the existence of which still lay undetermined before them.  This mission seemed particularly unlikely to yield alien life forms, as they were headed into uncharted and unanalyzed domains.
“I’m sure you were disappointed to learn the nature of our mission,” Steve commented trying not to sound too apologetic.
“Well,” she said cocking her head toward her left shoulder, “I’m sure I’ll be able to make the most of my time.  This lab is a dream come true.  I’d love to tap out all of its resources, but I'll just have to be patient.”  In reality she was not the least bit disappointed to be on this mission, simply because this was where Captain Jenners was.  But she didn’t need to make that too apparent just yet.  Yes, she was itching to find and discover alien life.  But that was not likely to happen on this particular round of missions anyway.  And, if that did occur on any mission, she had assurances from her higher-ups that she would be brought in immediately, Tammy being the best and the brightest in her field, not to mention always enjoying favors from those around her.
“I’m pleased to have you here.  Anyway, you’ve brought a breath of fresh air to the crew,” Steve said kindly, blushing a bit.
“Do you have some time?  I could show you around the lab.”
“That’s what I was hoping you would do.”
“Assuming no little green men appear,” Tammy grinned, “this lab will serve as a very expensive mobile continuation of my research into genetic testing.  Ideally, we want to be able to genetically analyze any life form within hours or days at the most.  Of course, this assumes that these life forms are based on genetics, at least something like earth life genetics.  That’s where the heart of my research lies.  I’m trying to come up with algorithms that could look for patterns similar to what DNA accomplishes without necessarily coming from DNA.”
“So life doesn’t have to have DNA in its cellular structure?”
“On earth it does.  In fact, viruses and prions that do have some properties of life are considered non-living entities because they don’t have DNA and RNA.  What constitutes a living being is a debatable question.  Some of my colleagues hold strictly to the view that life and the DNA/RNA structure are inseparable.  I have to admit that I lean in that direction myself.  But what, if anything, we find out there may challenge our assumptions in ways we can’t imagine.  My job is to imagine the unimaginable, and try to set up the programs to not be based on human bias that may not be correct.”
“So that we don’t discover what appears to be a living creature, only to have our lab useless in analyzing and understanding its makeup.”
“Exactly,” she said with a charming smile.
“How is it coming so far?”
“I’ve figured out how to turn most of these machines on,” she said dryly, and they both chuckled.
Tammy led Steve into the lab and around the corner to the left.  “This is where all of the rumors are coming from on earth—that we have already discovered alien life.”  She pointed to an area that looked almost like a prison cell.  “If they built this lab just to analyze plantlike or fungus-like life forms, or even small animal-like creatures they wouldn’t need that.”
Steve looked at it curiously for a few seconds.  He had already inspected the ship top to bottom before its departure, and had seen the large caged area before.  But the way Tammy was talking gave it new meaning.  “I suppose that even if we find some type of alien life form, the chances of it being large and intelligent are very remote.”
“So it would seem.  But from a scientific standpoint, it would be marvelous, whatever was found and analyzed.  Either, the powers that be, know more than they are letting on, or they are not as interested in life in general as they are in intelligent life.”
“James, our computer specialist, has been very critical in analyzing some of the planetary systems discovered.  It was his impression that some of them had real potential for harboring life.  But, beyond that, what he was analyzing would be signs of intelligence: radio signals, et cetera.”
“So, rather than waste his skills in going to those areas that he’s already analyzed, just to see what, in fact, is there, he’s being used to his utmost in analyzing this area here, wherever we are,” Tammy replied contemplatively.  “Captain, if you don’t mind me asking, how fast are we heading in the direction we are going?—I mean, relative to the ship’s capacity?”
“Very slowly; I would think less than ten percent.  Our job is not to get to a destination so much as it is to chart and analyze this area.”
“Then if anything of interest was discovered, the Space Force could have as many ships as are in the fleet there with in a matter of days.”
“I suppose that’s true; maybe I ought to mention that to James,” Steve muttered rhetorically.
“I wouldn’t,” Tammy said, out of place, “no sense in in distracting him.”  To which Steve made no reply.
Realizing that this conversation had gotten too deep, too quickly, she motioned her Captain over towards the large, prison-like specimen chamber.  This lab could be open to the ship’s air, or it could be sealed off from it entirely.  Large canisters nearby could be used to gather up an alien atmosphere and then keep that atmosphere, correctly pressurized, in the lab.  It was built such that one could observe everything that went on inside of the chamber from the outside, and also it had been built for whatever might be inside to communicate with those in the lab.  The assumptions made in it being built as it was were mind-boggling. 
It had bothered Steve a little, a few moments ago, when Tammy had suggested how he do his job.  That was not how one addressed a Captain.  She was a civilian, he reasoned, and the last thing he wanted with her was a power struggle.  Nothing, he felt, needed to be said.  She had softened her demeanor noticeably after that comment, and she seemed to take in his unspoken communication and body language perfectly.  As he watched and listened to her explain this large specimen cage, he could not help but notice her pretty features, and graceful movements.  Her explanations were spoken with a confidence that was unquestionable; so much so, that it was not overdone, and she seemed comfortable exposing whatever weakness and vulnerability she may have, too.  His momentary tightness quickly loosened, and he began to feel as soft as butter as she continued to demonstrate her domain.
Tammy had felt non-verbally chastened a few moments ago, and worried that Steve had become Captain Jenners for good.  His blond hair, dark blue eyes, and strong yet approachable demeanor had attracted her to him.  But now she saw a coldness and a stiffness that she had never before seen in him.  She had no desire to be in control of him, and reflexively displayed submissiveness to him while still carrying on with her natural confidence.  What impressed her most was how quickly he softened.  His response had been appropriate, yet as soon as he felt his message was understood and respected, he could loosen up and be approachable again.  A rare quality indeed, she determined later that evening when she lay in bed and contemplated the delicious events of the day.
Steve was given a thorough tour of the specimen area, and the research area.  He did grow tired of all the detailed scientific descriptions of each piece of equipment, but never did he grow tired of her voice and presence.  
“Now, Captain, seeing that I have no alien, I shall need a sample of your blood,” she said with a smile, and held up a finger-sticking device.  Steve forced a smile, and headed with Tammy to the portion of the lab that would serve as a sick bay, should it be needed.  A shot in the arm never caused him a second thought, but a finger prick…now that was a different story.  His first thought was to act tough, but then thought better of it.  She was so genuine; she deserved nothing less than his honesty.  Besides, I can’t pull that off.  He sat in the chair that she motioned to and instinctively looked at the floor.  His color was now several shades paler.  She gathered her things and then headed towards him.  Steve looked up at her.
“Captain, you’ve grown very quiet,” she said as she sat down beside him and grabbed his left hand.  “And your hand seems awfully cold and sweaty,” she said as she looked at him knowingly.
“I loathe finger-sticks,” he said truthfully, while trying to sound humorous, and gave a pitiful smile.  She smiled and looked down at his hand in hers.  Steve looked down as well.  She began to rub his hand in an attempt to bring the blood to his fingertips.  Her hands felt warm and soft, her touch gentle and magical.  Her spell had been cast upon him, and the fear left him.  Suddenly this finger-stick experience was heaven on...well, heaven wherever they were.  It was at this moment that Steve felt his feelings for Tammy were beyond attraction and infatuation.  
The stick came, the collection accomplished, and a piece of cotton was pressed to the finger tip.  “Not bad, Captain; if I had a sticker I’d give it to you.”
“Ms. Rogers, dinner is ready in the galley,” came Danny’s voice from the intercom.  “Is Captain Jenners there, also?”
“Yes, Danny, I’m here.”
“Dinner is ready in the galley, Captain Jenners.”
“Thank you, Danny, I’ll be there shortly.”
The crew lived a twenty-five hour day, broken up into five five-hour sections.  Only during one of the sections were all seven members of the crew generally awake.  This was when dinner was scheduled.  It made it easier for the ships secretary to prepare the meal, plus it allowed time for crew bonding.  One person would be left on the pilot’s deck, and that duty was shifted around the Captain, pilot, computer specialist, navigator, and engine specialist.  The secretary and research specialist were not trained to fly.  Bob, the navigator, hadn’t earned his wings yet, either.  That would be accomplished on this mission, if he could stay out of the galley long enough to get his training in on the flight deck.
Steve felt rudely awaken back into reality.  The idea of leaving the lab gave him a sick feeling in his stomach.  But, he had been shown the entire lab, and could not think of any other legitimate reason for sticking around.  So perhaps the timing was not so bad.  “Are you heading up to the galley?”
“Shortly, I need to get this sample taken care of.  I want to test the speed and reproducibility of my genetic analyzer.”
“So you’re going to crack my genetic code while I eat dinner?  Let me know if there’s any bad news,” he said as he got up to leave.
“Thank you, Steve,” she said as she turned and looked at him in the eyes, penetrating, as it were, to the core.  “I’ll see you up there in a few minutes.”
“Tammy, it was a treat.  I’m glad to have you on the crew,” he said in his Captains voice and demeanor.  Then, pausing a second, "I’m really glad that you’re here.”
She smiled sweetly and knowingly, again.  He left, feeling it would be impossible to eat when he was so full.

***
“Danny, what is this mess?  It smells awful,” said Mike as he entered the galley.
Danny looked annoyed.  He was irritated and embarrassed by Mike’s comment, but mostly he was annoyed by Bob.  “This is Bob Merick’s creation,” he said, trying to transfer blame without sounding taken advantage of.  Bob had been the ship’s secretary on his past several missions, and was used to doing the cooking.  This was Danny’s first mission, and he had made the mistake of asking Bob some questions.  Now Bob seemed to feel that it was his right to take over cooking dinner on a whim.  Danny may not know all about space travel, but he did take pride in his cooking.  “If it is not to your liking, I could heat up something I’m preparing for tomorrow.”
“Nonsense, Mike will love it,” said Bob as he entered the galley.  
“I sure hope this is worth waking up for,” noted James as he came in yawning.  Danny looked less than convinced, but Bob seemed pleased as can be.  “I don’t think it smells too bad.”  
“Where’s Captain Jenners?” asked Bob, obviously getting anxious to dive into his dish.  
“I called him; he said that he would be here soon.”  Danny replied.
Mike sat down at the table and leaned his chair back seemingly very relaxed.  James sat down by him a moment later.  “You look like you could sleep for another week.”
“I’ll be alright, just stayin’ busy.”
“Any interesting reads?” asked Mike, now sounding like he wanted a more stimulating discussion than small talk would give him.
James gave a grimace, then licked his lips, and then rubbed his eyes.  By the time he was finished waking himself up enough to answer the question, Mike wondered if he would even remember the question.  James sat back a little, and said contemplatively, “The short answer is no.”
“Is there a long answer?”
“What’s interesting is that I am not finding anything interesting at all.”  He paused momentarily.  “When you are doing the same thing day in and day out...looking at data, you wonder if you are really finding somethin’ or if you are just wantin’ to find it so bad that you think you are."  He paused again, looking out into space, so to speak.  "Last mission, I was looking at things that were just...I dunno...uncanny.  This area is empty—very few stars that are appropriate to sustain life; really, very few stars in general.  But, still, those that are, don’t show anything.  The planetary systems are useless—gas giants for the most part, or big chunks of rock that are burning up, or big chunks of ice.  No hope.  Still, last night we passed by and analyzed two stellar systems that had planets with some potential.  Everything was random.  If life exists on them, it can’t be advanced intelligent life.  No hint of electromagnetic radiation, other than that which would be expected from a similar dead planet.”
“So you’re disappointed; nothing valuable in this area.”
“I’m not disappointed.  I feel like I’m not crazy.”
Mike frowned, anticipating some explanation.  
“There were a number of stellar systems with appropriate planets on my last mission that I found.  Most of these are getting a second look at on this round of missions.  Some of them are actually going to be mission destinations; the ones that most appropriately fit our understanding of what would be hospitable for life.  It was like a gold mine that I had entered.  I got some readings that weren’t random, at least I thought.  I spent the last several days looking at that, and I kept thinking, it’s not random, it’s not random.  So, headquarters gets all of my data and analysis and I get sent on my next mission to the middle of nowhere.  I mean, people can play tricks on their own minds.  When you look intently enough for something, you may find it, even if it’s not there.  Finding shapes in clouds, or on the ceiling.  The patterns are random, but the brain tries to construct meaning out of something that’s meaningless.”
Mike was wondering where this was going, and starting to feel responsible for opening up this meaningless, random discussion.  “Yeah, I know what you mean,” he muttered with a tone of disinterest.
“So now I’m looking at it all again, and it’s just random.”
“So you’ve regained your sanity.”
James smiled slightly, realizing how this conversation may be sounding.  “I never lost it.  What I was observing wasn't random.”
“You really think you found life?” Mike asked, a little surprised by the apparent conclusion of James’ rambling.
“The only way we will find life, is if we go to the planet and look.  What I think I saw was evidence of intelligence.  I can only imagine intelligence coming from life.  It’s one thing to find some watery planet with algae or bacteria, of some sort.  But intelligent life, now that’s something.”
Captain Jenners had just entered the galley and had heard the last part of the conversation.  “Sounds like you have had some interesting readings, James.”
James sat up and turned around, surprised at the Captain’s voice.  “Oh, well, not recently—not on our mission yet, sir.”
Mike took the opportunity to get up and moved over by Bob and Danny.  Bob looked pleased, while Danny looked annoyed.  Both were busy trying to get the food out as quickly as possible.  “Kenny’s got the reins tonight?”  Mike interjected.  Danny looked up, but did not answer immediately.  
Bob kept on with the preparations, and then a moment later said, “Um, yeah, must be Kenny.”
Mike, having worked with Bob before, liked him well enough.  He had felt a degree of surprise at Bob’s promotion to Navigator.  So far, the promotion was in name only.  Bob was acting the part of secretary, and Danny was stuck feeling shoved aside with nowhere to go.  “Bob, why don’t you bring Kenny his meal?  It’ll be the perfect time to learn some navigation from one of the best.  I’ll help Danny get this out to the rest of us.”  Mike had no intention of helping Danny with anything, other than by getting Bob out of his way.
He headed up immediately, without much to say.  Technically Bob was the third ranking officer, so he certainly didn’t have to obey.  He did feel annoyed at this suggestion that he leave and go up to Kenny.  But it had more to do with him not being able to survey everyone’s delight in the fine meal he had made.  Kenny was good company, though, and he was happy to see how he liked the meal.  As far as his being the ship’s navigator, Bob was pleased.  He didn’t have any passion for technical work, but he felt good about the promotion.  Bob wasn’t worried about learning it anytime soon.  He figured that he would get the hang of it, whenever the time came around.  As far as Bob could tell, everything was under control on the mission.  The only thing that needed help was meals, and he was happy to help there.



Chapter 13





Aspiria arose early, as she was accustomed to do.  After picking some fresh vegetables and putting them in a basket, she got herself ready for a visit with Mrs. Lodophin.  Roloff and Caryell would be gone until late in the evening.  The young men turning of age and their fathers were enjoying a day together.  Aspiria thought that she may go into town, and perhaps make a few other visits this day, as she had no other pressures on her time.  She was a natural beauty, and did not require any special adornments to look radiant.  But, with a visit to Mrs. Lodophin, and whatever else her day might bring, she thought she would make herself up particularly nicely.  She wore a loose yellow flower-patterned skirt, a white top, and a yellow flower in her hair.  She looked and felt like she could take on the world.  Sometimes, a visit with Mrs. Lodophin required that demeanor.
The morning was only slightly brisk, but it was sunny.  Aspiria felt very relaxed as she walked to the Lodophin’s.  Hers was a happy life.  She was content in nearly everything.  In younger years she had hoped for three or four children, but with several years of not getting pregnant, and then a few miscarriages mixed in, she had been over joyed with the birth of Caryell.  She was the mother of a healthy boy, and the wife of a loving father and husband.  From the time Caryell was born she had never yearned for another child.
Aspiria enjoyed her family, home, and garden.  She also enjoyed peaceful relations with the members of her town.  Roloff, as the town mayor, had to put out fires from time to time, and sometimes was caught in the middle, though never for long.  But even when the town had issues, Aspiria was never a part of any bad feelings.  She was filled with goodness, kindness, and contentment.  All of these characteristics, blended with her pleasant and natural demeanor, kept her always in good graces.
As she approached the Lodophins’, the sound of boys playing could be heard.  She knocked at the door, and Mrs. Lodophin answered.  She was not alone.  Prianna Olefften was seated in the living room.  Prianna had on a long reddish-maroon dress.  She looked up and smiled awkwardly at Aspiria.  Mrs. Lodophin smiled warmly, rolled her eyes when Aspiria noticed Prianna, and invited Aspiria in.  Aspiria was not too surprised to see Prianna.  Prianna was well aware of the Lodophins’ crisis yesterday.  She had a great heart, and always went were she thought that she would be needed.  The three ladies sat down together.  
Aspiria could tell that Mrs. Lodophin was very pleased to see her.  She knew that she was getting wearied of Prianna.  Prianna had a way of asking questions in such an annoying way.  Aspiria could almost see the conversation that preceded her visit.  Mrs. Lodophin would start to talk, and Prianna would interrupt by asking about some detail just mentioned.  Then, Mrs. Lodophin would begin to answer that question, only to be interrupted again.  Prianna was concerned and interested, but so unable to actually be helpful.  Everyone would get tired of conversations with Prianna fairly quickly, but no one as much so as Bellerie Lodophin.  Bellerie loved to talk of herself, and generally was impossible to interrupt.  But Prianna had interrupting down to an art, so that even Bellerie was bested.  On the other hand, Aspiria was a perfect listener.  Mrs. Lodophin enjoyed visits with Aspiria more than with anyone else.  Mrs. Lodophin could express, explain, and indulge herself, as much as she desired, and Aspiria would listen—truly listen, for the entirety.  Aspiria would join in the conversation when Bellerie was ready, and would allow Bellerie to get all of her words out, and not feel as though she had wearied and overwhelmed her listener.  No one but her late husband had been able to allow her this.  Aspiria knew that this was something that Mrs. Lodophin would appreciate today, after the accident yesterday.  But, she may appreciate more, me helping to take away Prianna, she thought. Prianna had already brought on such stress and fatigue for Bellerie.
Knowing that Alleff was doing fine, and that Prianna had likely ruined that topic of conversation, Aspiria chose to begin the visit’s conversation in a new direction.  “Bellerie, you gave such a beautiful lesson at church this week.  I’ve had it on my mind throughout this week.  It is both exhilarating and heart-wrenching to think of our Savior’s life and atonement.  I struggle to imagine a people like His people; a people that could witness His example, His miracles, and of whom His Apostles were, yet, at the same time, a people that could take the life of our God.”
“Horrific, horrific how they killed Him, nailing him up on a cross, and letting him hang there,” interjected Prianna while shaking her head.
“Yes, but that is not to be dwelt upon.  We must consider his resurrection, and his paying the full price of sin and our infirmities,” added Bellerie, wanting to both cut off Prianna, and begin talking herself.  “I don’t know how one could witness it, but we must consider it, and sometimes even think on the unpleasant portions.”  With a degree of emotion beginning to be apparent, she continued, “I know that I will see my Laytoin again, and that he will live again.  I feel so appreciative that I will be able to be with him and my boys forever.  That incomprehensible event had to occur, and I am so thankful for it.”
“How long has it been since Laytoin died?  Do you think of him and miss him every day?” Prianna’s interviewing began again.  
Bellerie had some soft tears falling, and did not begin an immediate answer.  Aspiria began again to move the conversation away. “I brought some fresh vegetables from my garden.  I didn’t think that you had a chance to go to the market yesterday. “
Prianna was a bit irritated in being ignored, but not for long.  She too was pleased to have Aspiria present, and enjoyed her conversation.  She considered Aspiria one of her dearest friends.  Bellerie and Aspiria began looking at the vegetables, and Prianna took a few deep breaths and relaxed.  She was listening to the children playing outside, and felt a little pang in her heart.  She loved children, and struggled deeply inside that she did not have any of her own.  Listening to the Lodophin children play did indeed cause a pang in her heart, but it also brought joy.  She enjoyed those hearty and rambunctious children.  Sometimes pleasure and pain are simultaneous, like listening to a beautiful yet haunting song in a minor key.  Prianna’s life had been lived in a minor key, but she had learned to be happy and appreciate the subtle discord.  Still, she longed for children, to rear and to love.  Her husband also longed for children, and she sensed this with a lingering uneasiness.  They loved each other, but both felt an emptiness and piece of life that was missing.
Aspiria and Bellerie were laughing and enjoying a light conversation.  Aspiria began to sense that Prianna was alienated, and knew that she would be hurt.  She glanced over, and saw a melancholy look in Prianna’s eyes.  “Prianna, I’ll be going to market in a bit.  I’d love your company, if you can come.”  Prianna was disengaged, but not actually alienated from the conversation.  It took her a moment to take in the invitation.
“That sounds nice,” she said with a smile.  Aspiria knew that she was alright, and decided to linger a bit longer with Bellerie.  For Prianna’s part, she did not want to leave directly.  The sound of the children’s voices was temporarily satiating a hunger inside of her.  About a quarter of an hour later, Aspiria and Prianna were hugging and saying their goodbyes to Bellerie.  Bellerie was fine, and so were Aspiria and Prianna.  “I was worried sick that anything may have happened to Alleff,” began Prianna.  “He is so adorable.”  
“Those boys are tough,” laughed Aspiria.  Prianna was not in the laughing mood.  She continued to chatter about the boys.  Aspiria just listened.  She could tell that Prianna loved those boys.  She knew of Prianna’s desire for children, and knew how that longing felt.  The two ladies walked, and Prianna talked.  For Prianna, it seemed a short walk to the market.  For Aspiria, it felt a bit longer, but she knew that she was doing what her friends needed her to do that day.



Chapter 14





“Oh—hi, Steve.  Who’s flying this thing?” Tammy asked, concerned.
“Merick; it’s his first time flying solo,” Steve replied confidently.  Tammy was not so convinced.  For a few moments there was an awkward silence.  In this shift, only three crew members were awake: Tammy, Steve, and Bob.  Up until today, Bob and Steve were always on the deck together as Bob finished his navigator and flight training.  It had taken longer than was typical for a new navigator, but Bob progressed in his training, and Steve never expected him to be his star student.  Steve inspected the lab, and brought communications as often as possible to Tammy.  Spending time alone together was rare, and short—official business only.  Their relationship was simmering, but it had not been possible, up until this point, to bring it to a boil.  Now, for the first time, they could be alone for several hours and there was no reason to expect an interruption.
Steve did not enter the lab with any pretext of inspections or official communications.  Neither he nor Tammy knew how to begin the conversation.  She instinctively came up close, and leaned into Steve’s shoulder.  Steve put his arm around her shoulder, and whispered that he was happy to have some time with her.  She smiled, gently snuggling up closer to him.  Her long, red, curly hair had a lovely scent from her perfumed shampoo.  He breathed in deeply, and felt both a peace and excitement in her warmth and softness.  Tammy looked up into his eyes, with a serious but gently expression.  Steve stared back, and then leaned in for the kiss.  It was soft, but lingering.  Tammy’s expression turned to a smile. 
Steve caught her glancing over to the side of the lab.  He first thought that he may have interrupted something important in her work.  Then he saw where she had glanced.  It was at the only decent chair in the lab.  Tammy would have loved to sit on a couch with him, but none existed.  Steve took Tammy by the hand towards the chair.  He sat down, and helped her onto his lap.  She sat sideways and rested her head on his left shoulder, turning her head so that they could peer into each other’s eyes.  For a long while they sat and look at each other, noticing every expression and contour of each other’s faces.  Steve brought his right hand up to her left cheek and touched her gently with the back of his fingers.  He allowed his hand to go back into her hair, and gently ran his fingers through it.  They were each mesmerized in each other’s beauty and uniqueness.  
Tammy loved Steve’s eyes.  They were the brightest blue, and shined particularly brightly against his light complexion and blond hair.  His face showed both youth and innocence, mixed with boldness and confidence.  She felt fully supported in his muscular build; his strength made her feel both light and delicate.  She was conscious of how much he adored her at this instance.  She felt completely beautiful.  She wanted to kiss him, but didn’t want to lose the sight of his handsome face for an instant.  She felt his hand go around the back of her head, and gently pull her head towards his.  Both of their eyes instinctively closed as they kissed.
    
***
“Where is Captain Jenners?” injected James into the peaceful silence that Bob had been enjoying for the past several hours.  James seemed excited, almost panting as he walked in and began looking around like he had misplaced something.
“I don’t know, James, what’s up?” he asked smiling.
“Where are we?”
“On the deck,” Bob said sarcastically.
“Where is this ship?  I mean right now, where exactly is this ship?” James continued looking around frantically, practically vibrating with excitement.
“Uh…”
“Where is Captain Jenners?  How long ago did he leave the deck?”
“I haven’t seen him since the start of the shift,” Bob said as casually as he could.  He felt a little bit of pride swell within him as he said it.  He hadn’t really caught on to the level of James’ concern.  Bob knew that James would know it was his first time flying.  He hoped the conversation would turn to this subject and lighten up significantly.
“What, you’ve been flying it these past several hours?”
“Yep.” He could feel the pride swelling.  Here comes the ‘congratulations’, and ‘how was it?’
“Then where are we?  Where is this ship right now?” James almost shouted.  Bob didn’t even get an, “Um,” out.  “Where is Captain Jenners? He needs to be on deck right now!  Call him!”
Bob felt deflated, irritated, and disrespected.  He was the third in command.  But he picked up the intercom and called, “Captain Jenners, you are wanted on the flight deck,” in a calm and annoyed tone.
James was frustrated in the lack of urgency with which the call went out.  He almost went to the intercom to redo the call, with the appropriate level of urgency and franticness, but thought better of it.  Instead he went to the instruments, and began reading and typing.  Mike walked in. “Hey guys, what’s going on?”
Bob opened his mouth, hoping to find someone more interested in his accomplishment.  Before the words could come out, James interjected, “Merick’s been flying these past few hours, and I don’t know where the Captain is.”  James was obviously distracted, and did not turn around to look at Mike.  Mike lifted his eyebrows and turned to look at Bob.  He, too, was ready to say something to Bob, when James started up again.  “Somethin’s wrong.  I don’t know where we are.  We are not on course.  I saw somethin’.  I heard somethin.”  Footsteps could be heard approaching.  “Is that Captain Jenners?”
“No, it’s me,” Kenny said as he entered the deck.
“We are not on course.  We need to figure out where we are.”  Both Mike and Kenny looked concerned and headed over to James.  Bob was turning red.  Whether it was from embarrassment or anger even he couldn’t tell.  Ironically, the navigator, who had been flying the ship, was not being consulted as to where they were, or how they had gotten there.  “I saw somethin’ and it just isn’t right.  We passed by a star and a planet—way too close; we weren’t supposed to go that near to anythin’.  I put my readings on the planet, and I saw somethin’.”
Everyone’s ears perked up.  Even Bob began to understand.  Just then Steve entered the deck.  He walked in quietly, while everyone’s attention was diverted.  
“What’s all the fuss up here?”  
Everyone turned towards their Captain.  Steve had a look of annoyance on his face that was unknown to any of the crew.  Mike, who knew him the longest, had never seen that look on Steve’s face.  He was unkempt, like he had just gotten up from a nap.
“Captain Jenners, we are off-course,” James began.
“Merick, what’s going on?” Steve said more sternly than was his way.  Bob did not want the discussion going his way just yet.  He didn’t answer immediately, hoping that James would keep going on with the message that he was relaying before the Captain came in.
But all eyes were now on Bob.  “Captain, James says we are off course, but as far as I know, I have flown just right.”  The Captains and the crew’s eyes turned towards James.
“Captain, we just passed by—I mean close by—a star and a planet.”
“We are not charted to go close by anything!” Steve exclaimed.
“Yes, sir, that is what I’m sayin’.  But we did; so, I knew we were off course,” James explained
“Kenny, we’ve got to get on course.  Figure out what is going on.  Who knows what we could be heading towards?  Mike, you take over navigation, and make sure that nothing is in our way, imminently.” Kenny and Mike began directly.  Steve turned towards Bob, but was interrupted by James.
“Captain, there’s more.” He waited a moment for Steve’s attention to turn towards him.  “I got some readin’s of the planet.  It was lucky, and I didn’t have much time.  But I saw somethin’.  It’s goin’ to sound crazy, but it was there.“  Steve continued his eye contact but did not say anything or show any expression.
“Captain, that planet had AC.”
“You can get readings on air conditioning,” Bob spoke up.
“Alternating current, sir; that planet had alternating current.  I know it sounds crazy.  I wouldn’t make it up.”
“How long ago was this James?”  It was clear that Captain Jenners’ wheels were turning.  His demeanor was noticeably different.  It’s one thing to be the Captain; it’s another thing to be in ‘uncharted waters’ and facing unaccountable circumstances.
“Maybe ten or fifteen minutes, sir.  As soon as I was out of range, I came running up here looking for you.  I didn’t know why we were off-course, and I knew we could be in danger.  But I also knew that I had found what we were looking for.”
“Are we off-course, Kenny?” asked Steve.
“Yes, I believe so.  Yes, we are off-course, but I’m not sure how long or how far we have gotten, yet.  I’ll give you an update ASAP.”
“Are we in any imminent danger, Mike?”  
“At our speed, I have a window of about five minutes for large objects—maybe sixty seconds for smaller objects.  We will have to watch closely until we are back on our charted course.”
“Sir, are we heading back on-course, or back to that planet?” James asked with a degree of desperation.
Steve did not answer.  Kenny looked around as if to say, “Where am I charting towards?”
“Do you know what is going on now, Kenny?” asked Steve.
“No, still working on it,” he replied as he turned back to his work.
“Let’s go back to the planet,” exclaimed Bob.  “We can check it out, and then get back on track.  Rev up the speed a bit, and we’ll be right back to where we need to be.”
“We went off about four hours ago,”stated Kenny.  “We’re lucky to be alive.  It looks like we headed into as open of a region as we could have.  How close to that planet did we come, James?”
“Real close, Kenny—real, real close—nearly orbit range.  We could have easily been goners.”
“What happened, Kenny?” asked Steve.
“Merick punched in a 9 instead of a 6,” explained Kenny.
“Let me see that,” Bob said as he headed towards Kenny.  He looked at the readout and uttered, “oops.”
“What’s the reverse course time frame?” asked Steve.
“I’m working on that now.”  Kenny was the best pilot in the fleet, and he was showing his worth right now.  “It’s not looking good, though.”
“Fourth dimensional travel doesn’t work like 3D travel,” Mike started in.  “It might take half an hour to go one way, but to stop, turn around and head back, it could take weeks.  Plus our destination is not exact.  We only know generally when James got the readings.”
“We are in very open space, sir.  We should be able to set a re-course back towards that planet.  If James’ readings are correct, we may have found exactly what we are looking for,” Kenny explained.
“Captain, Kenny’s right.  Even if the planet turns out to be nothing, at least we will have a safe orbit to re-chart our course and get back to where we are supposed to be.  If there is something there, then we won’t have so much explaining to do when it gets out that we were this far out of our way,” said Mike.  Mike had Steve’s ear more than anyone else.  James did not have any reason to argue with any of the logic, so he looked eagerly at the Captain.  Bob was careful not to bring any more attention to himself, so he just sat there and looked on.  
“Re-chart our course back to that planet, Kenny.” 
“Yes, sir.  There is only one likely star, and I’ve already got a re-course charted.  We can adjust for planetary orbit as we get closer.”
“How long?”
“Less than a day, sir.”



Chapter 15





Roloff sat in his easy chair with a book.  He looked as relaxed and content as possible.  In truth, though, he was longing for Aspiria to return.  Caryell had gone to his room, and was taking a nap.  It had been a busy few days, and Roloff was anxious to relax and unwind with Aspiria.  He wanted to take her on a walk, and enjoy her company and conversation.  They had both been out and walking that day, and he knew that she may come home too tired for a walk.  That was why he was reading.  If Aspiria was tired, then she might at least sit next to him, while he read.  Then he could put the book down, and talk with her.  If she came home with energy, then he could easily suggest that they go on a walk.
The book was not engaging him, and his mind frequently wandered.  A portrait of Aspiria kept catching his eye.  She was always beautiful, but in this portrait, her beauty had been captured to perfection.  Aspiria had the unique quality of being both an early and late bloomer.  She was pretty and attractive as a young girl—the prettiest of all the young girls her age—but, she had grown more beautiful over time.  Roloff believed that this was a fact, and not merely the opinion of the man who loved her then, and loved her even more now.  In addition to her physical beauty, she had a grace and a way that she carried herself that seemed to grow in charm as the years went by.  She was as a dark red rose that was beautiful and perfect before it opened.  Then, as it opened, its beauty and features continued to unfold and increase.  Aspiria charmed everyone she met, man, woman, and child.  Her beauty was not merely his opinion, it was apparent to him, and to everyone she knew.
Aspiria had grown up poor, but not excessively so.  Her father was hard-working, and her mother was a charmer, also.  They farmed, and Aspiria was comfortable working on it.  Aspiria was the youngest of four children, the older three being boys.  The boys were hard-working and good students.  Each of them left the country as they completed their schooling, and went to the city.  They were successful in their careers, and would occasionally send some money their parents’ way.  But Aspiria did not have much in the way of fancy clothing, or entertainment.  She, however, never considered herself unfortunate.  Roloff had known her oldest brother from school.  They were not close friends, but were good acquaintances.  Aspiria had not caught his eye when he was in school—she was too young—but later he would see her occasionally in town, and she began to attract his attention.  When he became aware of some of her families struggles, he offered to help.  The youngest boy was getting set to leave home, and Aspiria, with her mother and father alone, would struggle to keep up with the farm.
Roloff had good opportunities, but saw to it that he could help her family on the farm.  It was likely that he would have done this anyway, even if a beautiful young woman would not have been there.  But it didn’t hurt his urgency and motivation.  He spent hours each week on the farm, earning a meager wage.  He often ate dinner with Aspiria and her parents.  There was not much time for flirting and courting during the work, but their love for each other grew and grew.  Almost in unison, both of Aspiria’s parents’ health began to fade.   Aspiria took to more and more nursing and Roloff took on more of the farming duties.  His other occupations were suffering, and it was too much work for one man alone.
Aspiria, one day, came out to where he was working.  She brought him a fruit drink, and they sat down to talk.  She told him how much all that he did for her family meant to her.  She knew that he was suffering in his other endeavors.  She clearly did not have a plan for herself, or her parents, but she loved Roloff, and wanted the best for him.  She told him that she did not know how they would continue to pay him.  Aspiria was beginning to take over her parent’s finances, and was only recently aware of the meager salary that Roloff was receiving.
Roloff inquired about her parent’s condition.  Aspiria began to talk, and as she did, she shed a few tears, though her emotions were never completely unchecked.  Roloff gently brought his hand to her cheek and wiped away a tear.  He had never touched Aspiria before.  Aspiria was conscious of this, and was briefly taken aback.  Roloff noticed that this had affected her.  His love for her burned within him.  He reached down to hold her hand, which she made available to him.  They held hands, and she talked.  They looked at each other, as only those who are deeply in love with each other do.  Roloff asked if he could take her on a walk that evening, after her parents had retired.  Aspiria was slightly taken back again, and hesitated, not knowing how to respond.  Yet her love and confidence grew as she looked into Roloff’s eyes.  She felt safe, loved, and protected by him.  He told her that he would not have dinner with her this evening, but that he would return at 7:30 to take her on a walk.
Aspiria had been accustomed to attention by young men.  Whether at church, community socials, dances, or just on visits into town, she had been shown interest by nearly all the young men in town.  She was only kept from more social activity by the labors of her family farm.  She was neither awkward nor uncomfortable in the company of the young men.  But with Roloff, it was not the flirtation of a young man.  She felt a deep love from him, and she shared that love in return.  Until this afternoon, it had been left unexpressed.  But touching her cheek, and hands, and asking her on an evening walk, brought her feelings to the surface.  She had a number of duties to perform that evening, but she also wanted to look her best.  She fretted, perhaps for the first time, about what her wardrobe held.  Roloff had seen her in most of her outfits either at the farm, or at church.  She settled on a simple pretty blue dress that she could also wear appropriate shoes for walking.  She spent some time on her hair, and put in a beautiful blue flower.
Roloff showed up promptly at the door.  He carried a bouquet of red flowers.   He too, had spent some time on his appearance.  As she presented herself, she could tell that he approved, thoroughly approved.  It was Roloff now that was taken aback by the impression her beauty made on him.  She asked him in, and explained that she had a few things left to attend to for her parents.  They really were not well, and she was concerned about leaving them for the evening, but she did not share this with Roloff.  He sat down, and then got up and wandered around.  He had been in the home nearly every day for months, and had become accustomed to eating dinner here regularly.  But, somehow, he felt a little awkward and uncomfortable, waiting for her for this date; his first date with Aspiria.
She returned within ten minutes, and smiled that she was ready.  Again, he was taken aback, and felt that he was looking at the most beautiful woman in the world.  They walked, at first side by side without holding hands.  The conversation was more choppy and awkward than it had ever been between the two of them.  They both settled momentarily and Roloff took Aspiria’s hand.  She was no longer uncomfortable with his touch.  They walked in the direction of a small hill, not far from Aspiria’s farm.  The top provided a nice look out, with a beautiful view of the city in the distance.  Roloff sometimes came here on his own, when he wanted time to ponder, and was looking for inspiration.  As they reached the top, Roloff was relieved that they were alone.  Dusk had begun, but they could still see the city, with a gorgeous sunset on the horizon.  Roloff told Aspiria of some of his adventures in the city.  Aspiria laughed.  She had a beautiful laugh.  Had he ever heard her laugh before?  He longed for something to say to evoke more laughter, but it wouldn’t come.  Still, she was smiling, and he was melting inside.  They had not stopped holding hands.  Roloff reached for her other hand and she gave it to him.  The breeze blew softly, and her long, dark brown hair moved gently in the breeze.  
“I love you, Aspiria,” was all he said.  Neither he, nor she said anything for quite some time.  The sun was setting, and the breeze brought a slight chill to the air.  Roloff put his arm around her shoulder, and brought Aspiria in.  They looked at the sunset, and the fading image of the city off in the distance.
“I should be very happy, if you would marry me, Aspiria.  I would be happy to live with you and your parents and take care of the farm.”  Roloff had no thought of taking her from her parents in this time of need.
Aspiria let the words distill upon her.  She did not feel any inclination to utter her thoughts verbally.  She had accepted his offer in her heart, and that was all that mattered to her.  She felt close to Roloff, physically, emotionally and spiritually.  She had no plan when she had gone to him this afternoon on the farm.  Yet, somehow, everything at this moment felt like it was according to plan.  It felt right, and she felt joy swelling within her.  She did not utter any words, but leaned her head back on his shoulder.  She began to dream of their life together, and of the family that they would raise.  It was nearly completely dark.  Stars had begun to make their entrance on the clear night sky.  Both sets of eyes moved slowly from the horizon to the star sprinkled sky. 
 “You shall be the perfect father, Roloff,” she said sweetly, and dreamily.  She looked at him, and smiled more prettily than ever before.  Roloff smiled too.
“Then we are to be married, Aspiria?”
Once again, she did not answer immediately.  She had forgotten that she had not yet answered him.  But she peered into his loving eyes, with her loving eyes.  “Yes, we are my love!”
Roloff leaned in and gave her a soft, gentle kiss.  They held each other and watched the stars.  A shooting star came across the sky.  They looked at each other as if to ask if the other had seen it, but instead kissed again.  It was dark, and a little brisk.  They held hands and walked back towards Aspiria’s farm.  
Roloff’s book had become an afterthought as he lingered on this sweet memory.  Aspiria walked in the door.  She was even more beautiful now than she was then.  
“Ah, dear, how are you?”  
“I am well,” Aspiria said as she walked over to the couch and sat beside Roloff.  She leaned up close and laid her head on his shoulder, as they held hands instinctively.  
“Are you tired?”
“No, I’ve walked a bit today.  I’m ready to get off my feet for a few minutes.  Is Caryell home?”
“Yes, he’s in his room.  Several of the boys are getting together tonight.  I’m okay with him going.”  Aspiria listen and nodded mechanically.  “I’ve been thinking about you this afternoon.  I’m looking forward to spending the evening with you.  If you are feeling up to it, I would like to go on a walk with you.”
“In a little while, perhaps when Caryell goes out.”
“It’s quite a walk from here, but I was hoping to go to the hill by the farm where you grew up.”
“You really are feeling romantic tonight.”
“Ah, yes.  I am madly in love with you!”
“And I with you, Roloff.”  They sat together in silence for a quarter of an hour.  “I am going to see Caryell for a little while before he goes out.”
As Aspiria left the room, Roloff followed her with his eyes.  She walked down the hall and entered Caryell’s room. 
“Hi, Caryell.”
“Hi, Mother,” Caryell beamed, clearly excited to see her.  
“I hear you are going out tonight.”
“Yes, we are all going to Sten Field.  There should be enough boys to play some sports.” Caryell was reasonably athletic, and loved sports.  “What are you and Father doing tonight?”
“We are going on a long walk.  I’m sure that we will not be home until after dark.  Will you be alright if you get home before us?”
“Yes,” he said with a smile.  “We are going to stay out late, and play in the forest after dark.  I might not beat you home.  Is that okay?”
“You are quite grown up now, aren’t you?”  Caryell smiled.  He felt grown up when he was with his father.  When he was with his mother, he still felt like a little boy.  He loved his mother deeply.  She made him feel secure and at peace.  “I want to share a scripture with you.”
Caryell pulled his copy of the scriptures from a book shelf above his bed.  He loved it when his mother did that, and she did it frequently.  He loved the spirit that he felt when his mother shared a scripture and spoke to him about her feelings.  His father also talked about the scriptures with him, and taught him much, but it was from these times with his mother that he felt this feeling inside.  Caryell was very comfortable with his spiritual sensibilities.  
After talking for several minutes, Aspiria kissed her son on the forehead.  He was growing into the young man that she hoped that he would be.  She left the room, and began to prepare dinner for the family.

***
“May I go now to Sten Field?”
“Enjoy your evening, my son; remember that we will be out late this evening, too,” Aspiria cautioned.
“Okay.  Love you.”
“We love you too, Caryell,”answered Roloff.  Caryell ran out the door, and Roloff got up to take care of the table and dishes.  “Go get yourself ready, my dear.”  Aspiria left, and returned just as Roloff finished the kitchen cleanup.
She was wearing a beautiful blue dress, and smiled and curtsied as she presented herself.  “You are feeling romantic tonight too, I see,” Roloff said with a mild chuckle.
“It’s been a while since we have visited our spot.  I was thinking, the city will look beautiful all lit up.  I don’t think we have been to the hill since it has been electrified,” Aspiria said with some excitement.
“Yes, and it should be a clear night.  I want to look at the stars with you.”  The couple held hands and began their journey.  The evening was comfortable.  “It has been a wonderful week with Caryell.  But it has been a difficult week being the Mayor.  Do you still think that I should run for re-election?”
“You are a very good Mayor.  I don’t think that anyone wants to take your place.”
“Perhaps not, but do you want me to continue those responsibilities?  It interrupted our special dinner with Caryell.  We have had many family activities postponed or interrupted over the years.  Sometimes, like today, you have to help with the smoothing over of problems.  I love to help our town.  I love to do good things for our neighbors.  But I feel like it affects you and Caryell greatly.  I don’t want to do this if you don’t want me to.”
“Do you feel like I am not as supportive of you, or am bothered by your duties?” asked Aspiria with some concern.
“No, my dear, I could not ask for more support than you willingly give.  You and Caryell are as supportive as can be.  It has just been some time since we have talked about it.  I want to know your thoughts.  We have enjoyed an amazing life so far.  I want the rest of our life together to be just as wonderful.”
Aspiria placed her left arm around his right arm, and pressed up against his shoulder.  She felt so secure when she was next to Roloff.  Aspiria enjoyed Roloff as the Mayor of the town.  She could not imagine a better town leader.  Roloff was a natural, and she sensed that the town was as secure in his presiding presence as she was.  Occasional interruptions and inconveniences did crop up, but they were of no real consequence to her.  
“I think that you are the best and most wonderful Mayor.  You have my vote.  I will support you for as long as you have any desire to serve the town in this capacity.”
“…and Caryell?  Does he mind the interruptions?  I want to be there for him.  I have enjoyed this time I have spent with him, these past few days.  He will want to spend more time with his friends, but I want to share with him as much time as I can.”
“Caryell is very proud of you, my dear.  I think he considers interruptions a part of our family’s civic duties.  This family is together in this.” The two strode in silence for a while and enjoyed watching two large birds glide effortlessly high in the sky.  They seemed to be enjoying the beautiful day as much as the Paladors were.  The sun was somewhat low in the sky, but behind them.  The day still seemed bright, but if they had looked down, they would have perceived the shadows growing longer.  “Do you think that Caryell will stay in town, or go to the city?”
“I don’t think that Caryell has considered such things much at all.  He enjoys visiting his family in the city.  There is much to do for a young man, and there are many good educational opportunities.  Still, he seems very happy in our town.  I think that he enjoys the outdoors as much as we do,” Roloff mused.
“I was sad when my brothers each left for the city.  They each seemed very happy, though.  It was hard on my parents, but they tried not to show it—even to me.  I felt their concern as I was getting older.  I would not have considered leaving them.  If it had not been for you, I don’t know what I would have done.  I would have stayed, but I could not have managed it.  There should be no burden on Caryell.  It would be no trouble to us if he went to the city.  I should love to have him always near us in town.  Yet, if he found his happiness in the city, I would be very content also.  We may want to make more trips.”
“We could live in the city, if that is where Caryell chose to go.”
“I suppose…no, he won’t need us following him.  I don’t want to live anywhere but in our home.  I should want to spend the rest of my days there.”  Aspiria spoke with assertion, and it was pleasing to Roloff.  He, too, preferred to spend the rest of his days in the town and in his own home.  But he was fully open to the city, should Aspiria feel differently in the future.  The hill was in view, and the sun was starting to set.  Roloff unconsciously quickened the pace from conversational to a let’s-get-there speed.  
As they reached the top of the hill, dusk was in full bloom.  Aspiria looked out towards the city, and some lights were in view.  “The city will be beautiful tonight,” she said with a touch of excitement.
“I was hoping to have this dance with you.”
She looked at him with a quizzical expression, “But, we don’t have any music.”
Roloff began to sing one of her favorite songs.  Roloff had a beautiful, deep singing voice.  He could sing effortlessly, beautifully, and sweetly.  Aspiria smiled, and curtsied again.  They took each other’s hands and began to dance.  It had been many years since they had danced much, but they quickly found their feet.  He sang alone, the first song, while she looked in his eyes, smiling widely, and at other times more gently.  As the song came to a close, Roloff began another tune.  This one was a duet.  Aspiria had a lovely voice also, and she was game.  They sang and danced their duet.  Their voices never harmonized well, but only they were listening.  To them, it was blissful and fun.  They did not feel their age, nor any fatigue.  Quite the contrary, they both felt bursts of energy flowing through them.  Their feet moved effortlessly and in unison.  The dancing took them over a wider range of the hill-top.  Aspiria enjoyed watching the city light up, as the sky darkened.  Roloff was more interested in the growing field of stars.
As they hit their final notes, they both started breathing just a bit deeply, but smiling widely and looking at each other with love and tenderness.  “Would you mind singing our song?” Roloff asked apologetically.  Aspiria would have been uncomfortable if he had asked her to start off the evening in this way.  But she was warmed up and loving the moment.	
She began to sing a very soft and very slow ballad.  Roloff held her differently this time—much closer and tighter.  He had to consciously give her enough space to sing.  She sounded like an angel.  They moved slightly back and forth, but mostly just embraced.  His view was of the city, and they were not really rotating.  As he listened, he thought on how beautiful and magical this city was, shining like the stars above.  Aspiria had mentioned coming here to see the view before.  The thought had not impressed him enough before to make it happen.  Life was busy, and time evaporates invisibly.  Now that he was beholding the view, he felt sorry that this night had not come sooner.  This light sorrow, though, was easily soothed with her soft voice, and her loving embrace.  As her song ended, their embrace grew closer.  Their love was tightly sealed and they were one in each other’s arms. 
It was pitch dark now, and Roloff was anxious to give Aspiria the view that he was enjoying.  Aspiria gasped slightly as she turned and beheld the city.  Joy crept up in her, as she gazed.  She had imagined the splendor, but was overwhelmed by the reality of it.  “Oh, it is beautiful.  This has been the loveliest of evenings.”  The couple stood side-by-side, hand-in-hand, and looked over the view.  In time his gaze moved to the stars.  He never wearied of gazing at the clear night sky.  It was his way of reaching into a more spiritual mood.  It moved him to ponder the creations of his Maker and though this was not on his mind tonight, it had always brought him a sense of wonderment.  
“I love you with all my heart,” Aspiria said as she turned to him.  They kissed and embraced with their eyes closed.  Breaking the silence, Aspiria gasped, and Roloff’s eyes opened quickly.  “A shooting star!” she cried.  Roloff turned and looked.  
“What are the odds of that?” he said with a smile and a laugh.  He had not seen a shooting star since the night of their engagement.  This shooting star’s illumination seemed to linger longer than he had remembered them lasting before.



Chapter 16





“Tammy, we are in 3D orbit around the planet,” Danny stated as he walked into the lab.
“Has James confirmed his readings?”
“Yes, he’s getting his readings, and we have a visual.”
“A visual?  Of what?” Tammy asked, excited.
“A civilization,” Danny stated somberly.  His manner was very serious, but Tammy could perceive a little anticipation on his face.  Tammy was generally not expected to be on the deck, being a civilian.  But she was expected to have the lab in order for whatever would be discovered.  She, however, wanted desperately to be a part of the current excitement on the deck.
“I’m calling to see if I can join in on deck,” she stated assertively.  Just then Kenny called on the intercom.
“Staff meeting on deck now.  Mike, Danny, and Tammy please report on deck immediately.”  Tammy didn’t respond; she was out of the lab door before Danny could even turn around.

***
“We’ve found what we are looking for.  We are currently orbiting an inhabited planet.  There are intelligent beings on this planet.  We have a visual on a civilization, and they have technology.  The seven individuals in this room are currently the only ones with this knowledge.  We have completed our initial report and will be contacting Central Command as soon as this briefing is over.”  Steve delivered his report with command and confidence.  He seemed to understand his place in this historic event, and appeared to be relishing the moment.   
Bob had a look of pure and utter relief all over his face.  He knew that the reports would show that he had made a serious and potentially fatal error in navigation.  But without this error, the complete success of the mission may not have occurred.  Errors that ultimately lead to great success are easily forgiven, forgotten, and overlooked.  Steve would have some explaining to do at the outset, but once the news of their discovery had been received, it was doubtful that the mistakes in the details would be the focus of attention.  Additionally, these seven individuals were very likely to come home to a hero’s welcome.  The last thing that the Space Force would want is to report that they discovered life in the universe, outside of the planet earth—but it was all due to a navigation mistake by Bob.  No, they’d want to show that the space command had set out to accomplish this goal, and achieve it they did.  A public hero’s welcome and a private slap on the wrist was Bob’s future—he was relieved as could be.
James also felt relief.  He had put himself on the line, and it had paid off.  His readings were correct, and he was going to get credit for potentially saving his and the crew’s life.  He had been ultra-focused—going through an adrenaline rush—as he was taking his measurements in trying to find the correct planet.  If they had found the planet, and then realized that he had made an error, (no AC on the planet), it would have hurt Captain Jenners.  Captain Jenners had put his trust in James.  If the Captain had to explain that they had deviated off course on accident, and then again on purpose, with nothing to show for it, both he and the Captain would be thoroughly embarrassed.
Something else was eating at James.  It was a feeling that, so far, no rational thought had been recruited to explain.  James felt a little hole—a little deflated, a little empty.  His entire focus of his life had been devoted to making a discovery such as this.  It was his passion.  Now, instead of a life devoted to this passion, this mission, this quest, he, as a very young man, had now completed his purpose.  Sure, this mission would still require much of his expertise.  But, what would happen after returning home from this mission?  Go on other missions, and continue to search for intelligent alien life.  Sure, he could do that.  But the passion would be gone—he had already discovered alien life.  Finding still another world would be exciting, but it could never compare to the discovery of this first world.  It would be a job that he was good at, but it could never be his passion again.  
Mike was focused on practicalities.  There really was no protocol for this situation.  3D orbit was really the only way to stay in place, and observe, study, or do whatever they would need to do.  But 3D orbit made them vulnerable—potentially visible.  The level of these creatures’ intelligence and technology was not yet known.  He might have to leap into multi-dimensional travel quickly and at any time, and he knew that they would have to stay as invisible as possible.  He also knew that this crew, Space Command, and the rest of the earth would not be satisfied knowing that there was life out here.  This world would have to be spied on, studied, and understood.  The only practical way to do this would be through 3D orbit.  But, oh, it was very dangerous.  Mike knew that he and Steve would be discussing these problems shortly.  He wanted Steve to have thought through this before Space Command questioned their tactics.  He had a nagging feeling inside that something about all of this was not good.
Kenny was deep in thought.  He had successfully maneuvered this planet discovery and entered into 3D orbit.  He was not wrapping his thoughts around the practicalities of the scenario that they were all in.  No, his thoughts were deeper.  For as long as intelligent life existed on the earth, it was clear that intelligent life was possible; they had a priori knowledge of themselves.  The fact that it was possible meant that it was possible that it existed elsewhere.  Now there was firsthand knowledge of intelligent life existing in two separate places in the Universe.  The chances of intelligent life existing in these two spheres—and only in these two spheres—were improbable at best.  Intelligent life must be everywhere.  The search had literally just begun.  And we found it!  At this rate, discoveries such as this would be cropping up all of the time in the near future.  Kenny’s mind was filled with fascination and awe.  He saw this moment as pivotal, and yet, likely to be swallowed up in the rush of discoveries that would soon follow. 
Danny’s face was impossible to read.  His was a chiseled, stoic expression.  Underneath it, though, he had some nagging feelings that were starting to take shape into thoughts.  Danny was a Christian—a believer.  He kept his faith, generally, beneath the surface.  He was struggling with his concept of God, the creation, and the purpose of life.  He did not know how this miraculous discovery could fit with his faith.  He believed that human beings were the centerpiece of creation—that they were the children of God.  So how would these intelligent alien creatures fit in with this doctrine?  He was not at the point that he felt his faith to be shaken, but he did feel confused and was somewhat irritable.
Tammy was at a different place than the rest of the crew.  While Steve, Bob, Mike, Kenny, and especially James were already feeling a sense of relief and accomplishment, she felt that her moment to shine was just on the precipice.  Indeed, all that had been accomplished, so far, was to put the mission in place for her work to begin.  She was ready to begin.  
“When are we getting our planetary sample, Captain?” she asked. 
The question came like a fiery dart attacking them in the dark.  The mission was about discovery, and it felt to the rest of the crew that this mission had been accomplished.  Now, the concept that this mission was just beginning, and had a completely different flavor, was upon them.  The rest of the crew’s concept was of studying an alien world from a distance and not getting caught; that seemed to be appropriate.  But here was Tammy suggesting that they go down to the surface and take a biological sample!  Would it be dirt filled with microbiology?  Would it be a plant-like species?  Some type of an animal-like species?  No.  Here was the epiphany, the realization: this ship, and Tammy’s lab, had always been designed for the eventuality that they would be able to study an alien intelligence.  Now it was possible, and Tammy was ready to begin in earnest.
Steve was the only one who did not have a change in facial expression at Tammy’s question.  “As soon as we get word, we will begin the biological study phase of our mission.  In the meantime, Kenny and James, I want you to devote all of your effort towards a plan to extract a planetary sample.  We will need to do so without compromising our position.  We are to take this sample without the alien world knowing of our existence in the universe.”
Mike sat back in his chair with a look of frustration, concern, and irritation all rolled into one.  “We may have already given ourselves away, Captain.”  Steve looked at Mike, and narrowed his eyes.  “We are in 3D orbit.  We may be visible to them by the naked eye.  If they are looking for us, we could easily be seen.  We are getting readings on them; they could be getting readings on us.”  Mike expressed himself soberly, concern etching his face.
Steve now looked a touch shaken for the first time in the meeting.  He had been feeling like Columbus, the discoverer of a new world.  Now he considered that his success in discovery could be jeopardized by a failure to keep them from being discovered.
“What is the nature of the planetary sample you want, Tammy?” asked Danny.  
Tammy looked at Danny without answering for a moment.  This part of the mission was not to be discussed with the crew, unless the need arose.  It looked like now was the time, but she wasn’t sure if it was her place to explain.  She looked at Steve, and he nodded at her reassuringly.  “If we can do so without compromising ourselves, we are to collect a single sample of the intelligent alien species.  If it is not deemed possible, we are to collect what we can.  We don’t know what type of life forms exist on this planet.  I’ll take what we can get, but I’m hoping for more than just alien bacteria or some leaves.”
“I’ve heard of alien abductions my whole life, but I never thought I would be a part of one!” expressed Bob.  A slight smile crept across Tammy’s face, and Kenny chuckled.  Bob was glad that he could help lighten the mood, just a bit.
“The way to get a sample is to plot a multi-dimensional course to the planet’s surface, for a landing,” James explained, his mind focused like a laser.  “We would also need to have a multi-dimensional course ready to re-enter 3D orbit.  Once plotted, we should be able to get to the planet’s surface almost instantly, and then return to orbit instantly when we have the sample.  If something saw us below, it would look like our ship appeared out of nowhere and then disappeared into thin air.  We would need to land, collect the sample, get the sample and ourselves stabilized on the ship, and then zip back into orbit.  Plotting the courses will be easy, once we decide the best place to land.  We will need to find a place that is hidden so that we are not likely to be discovered, but have a reasonable likelihood of obtaining an appropriate sample in a fairly short period of time.”
“I’ll work with James and Kenny to find the best location to land,” Tammy said, looking at Steve.
“We are going to just go down and get one of the aliens?  What about disease?  Didn’t you read War of the Worlds?  We don’t have any atmospheric data yet.  Are we trying to keep this intelligent creature alive, or are we just going to kill it, and study it?  If we are keeping it alive, how do we feed it?  I think that we will have to go down on multiple occasions and study the situation for months before we can successfully pull this off.”  Mikes concern was clearly increasing.  “The longer we are here, and the more studying we do, the higher the likelihood is of us getting found out by them!”
“We don’t have months,” Tammy replied, “and you’re right, we need to do this quickly so that we minimize the possibility of compromising ourselves.  So we will need to collect the sample as soon as possible.  We intend to keep the creature alive, if possible, with our atmosphere and nourishment.  We have the capability of isolating the creature atmospherically such that we will not be exposed to each other’s diseases.  The lab was made for this exact situation.  This is the reason that I’m here.  This is why the ship was designed how it was.  The fact that non-earth life exists is in and of itself an amazing discovery.  The fact that it is intelligent is even more so.  But we need to understand and know this alien race, well before they know us.  It is an essential risk that we take, now that we know of this species’ existence.”
“Do we know that there is just one intelligent alien species?” Kenny piped in.  “Just because on earth only humans have reached the high-level state of intelligence, doesn’t mean there couldn’t be more than one intelligent species on this planet.”
“We are equipped for one sample.  If additional samples and studies are needed, then they will be accomplished by further missions,” Tammy explained.
“Captain, Central Command is contacting us,” said Danny.  
“Kenny and James, come with me,” said Steve.  Tammy looked a little bit miffed.  Steve noticed, but did not respond.  If they wanted Tammy, she would be called in shortly.  Bob could have been called in at this point, but he wasn’t miffed at his exclusion at all. He was relieved at not being brought into this initial discussion with Central Command.
“Let’s go make some grub,” said Bob as he turned to Danny.  Danny didn’t keep his stoic expression, but with a look of irritation got up and left the room with Bob.
Tammy and Mike both sat there, across from each other.  Some tension could be sensed between them.  It wasn’t personal, but they had very different ideas as to how things should proceed.  Tammy was in the know, and Mike was just getting brought up to speed.  But Mike had been around a long time, and he knew the commanders at Central Command.  He was an asset on the mission, and he would be brought into the inner circle with Steve as the mission proceeded.  Tammy sensed this, and didn’t want to engage in any further discussions with Mike at this point.  Mike turned to her and saw this by her expression.  
“Well, Tammy, do you mind showing me the lab and minimizing some of my concerns?” he said in a serious, but kind, tone.
“Sure, you’ll be impressed,” she said with some of her charm returning.
“I’m just hoping to not be depressed,” he said with a smile.



Chapter 17





“We look like a bunch of space aliens,” said Bob through his helmet.
“You sound like a space alien in that helmet, too,” said Danny.  Danny was very glad that he was not getting into that suit and going out onto the planet.  He was staying with Kenny and Tammy on the ship, while Captain Jenners took Mike, James, and Bob to collect their specimen.
Tammy was helping everyone get their suits on.  She had been a rollercoaster of emotions over the past week since they had been in 3D orbit around the planet.  Steve and Tammy had spent a lot of time together over that week.  It made sense that the ship’s Captain and the lab specialist would be making arrangements for this specimen collection.  However, it was starting to become apparent to the crew, that there was more to these meetings than just official business.  At first Tammy was steamed about the fact that Central Command wanted to wait for the specimen collection.  She’d been pressing Steve to get them to move things along.  Steve didn’t seem to get the urgency, at least as far as was her perspective.  So, at first she was irked with Steve.  Tammy was a woman that knew how to get what she wanted, but she seemed to be much more personally offended than would be appropriate.
A couple of days later something happened behind closed doors, and she was floating like a butterfly and smiling from ear to ear.  At times she was so excited, she was almost giddy.  At other times she seemed stressed and overwhelmed, and she snapped at everyone who got in her way.  The last two days she was being sweet to everyone, and at times she could be caught singing to herself.  She was giving very sweet, personal attention to everyone as she helped them put on the space suits.  When it was time for Captain Jenners to finish getting suited up, she was smiling so brightly with both her mouth and her eyes that sunglasses were almost necessary.  Before she put his helmet on she reached up and kissed him.  It was done instinctively and happened quickly, but was noticed by everyone.  Fortunately, everyone’s attention was quickly distracted from it by the event just about to begin.
“Is everyone set?” Kenny’s voice could be heard over the speaker and in the four men’s helmets.  “We’ll be landing on the surface in five minutes.”  
While Kenny talked over the intercom, Tammy continued to help with the finishing touches.  James paced around the room from the moment his helmet was secured.  Mike sat by the side, and although his face was not visible through the helmet, he seemed to be in deep thought.  Bob kept checking himself in the mirror, with his suit on.  The suits were jet-black.  The helmet was black on the back, and silver on the face of the helmet.  “You guys look seriously scary,” said Danny.
“I’d say sexy,” Tammy countered.
“Sixty seconds and were on the planet,” Danny said.
“Get me a good one!” Tammy said as she left the room with Danny, for air lock purposes.
“Green lights on, we’re on the planet,” said Steve through his helmet’s microphone.
“Confirmed, we are on the planet,” said Kenny.  “I’ll have the doors open in about a minute.”
“Gentlemen, let’s get this done.  The sooner we have our specimen, the sooner we get back and in orbit,” Captain Jenners said with confidence and assurance.
The assurance was what sent a chill down Bob’s spine.  He began to feel his heart beat and started to feel himself sweat in the suit.  James and Mike had been ominously quiet since they started getting ready to go out.  Bob, for the first time, noticed that he could hear them breathing deeply.  Only Steve seemed to be at least somewhat calm.  The doors started to open, and the four men in suits walked out into the darkness of the alien world’s night.  
The ship was black but it was not shiny.  The night’s cloak of darkness was selected to minimize the chance of the ship being seen.  They were in black suits for the same reason.  They had picked for their landing, a spot about three quarters of a mile from the outskirts of a small, alien occupied area.  As it turned out, there were civilizations throughout the planet.  However, it was only this one area that had any evidence of electrical technology.  Other civilizations had the markings of more primitive dwellings.  The area picked to land was just outside of the least populated area where there was evidence of technology.
The men walked out of their ship onto the surface of the planet.  They had all been on the surface of a planet besides the earth before.  In every case, these previous planets had no evidence or trace of life.  Now, for the first time, they were on a planet—not the earth—that was clearly alive!  There were trees, or at least they looked like trees.  Their suits had microphones tuned in such that they could hear the minutest sounds.  Danny was monitoring frequencies outside of the range of human hearing.  What sounded like a coyote could be heard in the distance.  
“Did you pick up anything with that Danny?” asked Steve.
“It sounded just like a coyote,” said Danny.
“It’s eerie how earthlike it seems out here,” were the first words from James.  A humming sound could be heard surrounding them.  They all listened closely.  As they walked towards the aliens dwelling, the sound waxed and waned.  It was like the sound of night insects in the trees.  About fifty yards in front of them, something moved—just a foot or so, and then stopped.  Steve spotted it first, pointed, and then ducked down.  The men followed; watching with the keenest attention.  They couldn’t see anything, so they began to walk again.  Whatever it was, it scurried away quickly into the trees of a nearby forest.
“We don’t have any idea what the shape or size of the intelligent creatures is,” Mike stated.  “How do we know, that whatever just took off, wasn’t one of them?”
“What did you see?” asked Tammy.
“We’re not sure.  It looked like a small animal, maybe the size of a rabbit, and it took off into the forest,” answered Steve.
“The readings that we have on the creatures’ dwellings indicate that they would be larger.  But it’s really an estimate at best,” informed Tammy.
“Larger than what?” asked Mike.
“Size is only going to get us so far.  What characteristics should we look for, in assuring we are getting the right creature?” asked James.
“We really don’t know,” she responded.
The men approached the forest with some internal trepidation.  They would have to go through a small wooded area before they would approach the known dwelling place of the creatures that they were after.  The helmets provided some night vision, but it was going to be difficult to see in the forest.  Clearly there were creatures all around them and they were hunting for something that they had never heard nor seen before.  The men carried weapons of various capacities:  bullet guns, laser guns, and tranquilizers.  The hope was that a tranquilizer would work, and that it would cause no permanent harm to the creature they would be bringing in as a sample.  But they had no idea what they were up against, and wanted to be ready for anything.  Even a dead creature would provide for Tammy much to research.  Steve told Bob to have his tranquilizer ready.  Steve carried the bullet gun.  James held his laser gun.  Mike was the only one weaponless; he carried the netting for capturing and carrying the sample.
As they entered the forest, it became eerily silent.  The hum dropped off completely.  Bob stepped on a branch and it broke loudly.  The other three men turned quickly, and Steve and James had their weapons pointed momentarily at Bob.  “Sorry,” he muttered.  The four men turned again and kept moving slowly through the trees.
Up ahead, some rustling could be heard, but at first nothing could be seen.  They each stood motionless and gazed up ahead, and then again they heard some rustling.  Mike put down his netting, and grabbed a weapon.  The men stopped and listened.  Again some rustling, and then a whitish creature could be seen.  Before anyone had a chance to think, Bob fired the tranquilizer.  The creature was hit.  It continued for a short distance, and then fell in a heap.  The men stood silently.
“A tranq. went off!  What’s going on?” asked Tammy.
“Bob shot a large white creature.  It is four legged, and it went down with the tranquilizer.  It’s about seventy-five yards in front of us,” explained Steve.  “We’re going in.  Mike, bring the netting.”
The men approached cautiously, and as they neared the creature, they were taken aback by its beauty.  It looked like a deer, with almost perfect whiteness.  It was somewhat larger than an earthly deer, and there were no antlers.  Its face was beautiful and peaceful as it slept.  “Tammy, it looks like a white deer.  It’s rather large, but I think that the four of us can handle it.  I don’t know that this is the intelligent creature.  It looks just like an animal from home,” explained Steve.
Bob walked up closer and said, “Nice shot, eh?” while he reached down to collect his dart.
“No don’t!” shouted Steve.  But it was too late.  Bob touched the creature, and its legs kicked.  Bob jumped backwards and fell on his backside.  All of the men were startled, and Steve aimed the bullet gun at the creatures head.  The creature did not come to, and seemed to be asleep once again.
“Keep the dart in until we get it back to the ship,” commanded Steve.  “Let’s get this thing netted.”
The men began to net up the creature, and were preparing to hoist it when James noticed a light in the distance.  “Look at that.”
“It’s a light,” uttered Mike.
“Bob, stay here with the sample.”  Steve motioned for the others to walk towards the light.  Bob felt completely spooked: both by the creature in front of him, and the fact that he was now alone.  Actually, the men were only fifty yards in front of him.  
The men hid behind the trees and peered towards the light.  “I see a dwelling,” said Steve.  “It’s almost like a cottage, and there is a light shining through a window.”
“I think that the light just came on,” said James.
The men stared towards the cottage and the light.  Bob, slunk behind a tree, where he could see the creature, and the light, but he thought he might be able to hide from whatever was in that dwelling.
“I see something,” whispered James.  All the men looked, and sure enough something was moving in the dwelling.  “The creature looks to be a biped.  I don’t think we netted the right creature.”
“There is another one in there, too,” said Mike.  The two creatures appeared to be communicating briefly, and then disappeared from sight.  The men watched, hardly able to blink or breathe.
“I don’t think that we can go in.  We know that there are at least two creatures in that dwelling,” Steve explained.  After a few more moments the door to the dwelling opened and one of the creatures stepped out of the dwelling and into the night air.  The creature carried a light, almost like a lantern.  “There is one creature out of the dwelling.  The creature is carrying a lantern of sorts, and is walking in our direction.  Bob, get another tranq ready—Mike, you too.”
The creature was a biped, and appeared almost humanoid from a distance, in size, shape, and gait.  As the creature continued to approach them, they could begin to make out more details.  “It’s wearing some clothing,” said James.
“Do you want me to tranq. it?” asked Mike as the creature came within range.
“No, I don’t want to do anything in sight of the dwelling.  It looks like the creature will be in the forest soon.”
Sure enough the creature moved into the forest.  Mike did not have a clear shot, but they could see the light from the lantern. “Don’t lose it!”  The men kept their eyes peered but did not move, in fear of making a sound.  The creature was still moving, and did not show any sign of having detected them.
The creature came into view for Bob.  He got his finger on the tranquillizer and prepared to fire.  He hesitated, as the creature came closer into view.  Something about the creature mesmerized him.  The creature continued closer and then stopped abruptly and looked in Bob’s direction.  He’d been spotted.  He froze, afraid to move a finger, or take a breath.
“It’s stopped,” said Steve.  “Can you see it, Bob?”  
Bob didn’t speak, even though no audible sound could have been heard through his helmet.  The creature began towards Bob directly.  As it got closer, Bob could see that the creature was actually heading towards the deer-like creature that he had just shot.  The creature continued towards the deer, and seemed to hurry up.  “She’s found the deer,” whispered Bob.
Steve and Mike began instinctively towards Bob.  They came into view of the deer, just as the creature approached it.  The creature stooped, and then turned towards the dwelling that it had come out of.  The creature made a loud audible sound, almost like a shout.  Mike fired his tranquilizer, and it hit the creature in its leg just as the shout terminated.  The creature dropped, but seemed to be conscious for a few moments in a sitting position, then fell backwards with its head resting on the body of the deer.
“I see something coming out of the dwelling,” James exclaimed.  “I think it heard the shout.  It doesn’t have a light.”  The men could hear this second creature shout in the distance.
Steve ran towards the creatures.  He picked up the creature with the lamp, and cradled it in his arms.  “Let’s go,” he shouted, and started to run towards his ship.  Mike hurriedly grabbed the net off of the deer and removed the tranquilizer dart, as James came up to him.  James took the lamp off the ground and threw it in the opposite direction from what they were heading.  Bob’s paralyzed body finally returned to functionality and he, too, began to run.  The other men caught up quickly to Steve, as Steve was weighed down with the creature.  They could hear the other creature shouting in the distance.  It was not possible to tell if they were being pursued.  Fear caused adrenaline to pulse through their veins.  Steve was strong and fit, but he was running with a strength even he had never known before.
He kept his head up, and watched what was in front of him; afraid to look down at the creature in his arms.  The creature was dead weight, but seemed gentle to him.  Sooner than they imagined the ship was in view.  Tammy and Danny were scurrying to prepare for the men and their catch.  Kenny was ready to enter 3D orbit the instant that the men and sample were secured.
The door opened and the men ran with what strength they had left.  They entered the empty air lock and placed the creature in its own isolated chamber.  The doors closed, and the ship zipped back into 3D orbit around the planet.





Chapter 18





“Tammy, you look exhausted,” Kenny commented as she walked into the mess hall.  Steve, Mike, and James were sitting at the table with Kenny as Tammy walked in.  
Tammy rolled her eyes, and murmured, “I’m more hungry than tired right now.”
“Bob and Danny are watching guard?” Steve asked as he got up to give her his seat.  
“Yeah, I think they’ll be fine,” she said as she sat down.  She slunk into the chair, like she hadn’t been off of her feet in ages. “The creature has come to.  It is stable, and seems to have recovered fine from the tranquilizer.  It doesn’t seem to be aggressive at all.”
“From what we’ve seen, this ‘creature’ looks very human,” interjected Mike.  “What are its alien characteristics?”  
Tammy shrugged.  She was feeling exhausted and hungry, so she was a bit snippy.  But Mike had verbalized the thing that she was most frustrated about.  “So far, I have not found a single characteristic about this creature that would make it distinguishable from a human.”
“You’ve given her a full body examination?” asked James.
“Every square inch.  I’ve done full body MRI’s, too.  Simple blood tests also reveal normal human levels on everything.  Under the microscope, the histology is as human as it gets—even forty-six chromosomes.  I keep looking at it from a distance, to see if I can detect something about its facial characteristics that indicate alien, but I can’t see a thing.  If this creature were walking down the street in New York City, it would blend in perfectly.  There is nothing about this creature that would stand out—that would give anyone pause.” She betrayed a little of her disappointment with this final statement.
“I beg to differ,” said Mike.  “If I saw her walking down the street, she would give me pause.  She is gorgeous.”
“Seriously, she is super-model material,” said James with a smile.
An exhausted smile crept over Tammy’s face.  Steve returned to the table with a generous helping of the meal for Tammy.  “Typical.  I ask you guys to fetch me a fascinating alien creature for me to study, and you come back with a super-model!” She directed her glare and words at Steve.  He shrugged sheepishly, and everyone gave a good chuckle.
“So, I’m finding this aspect interesting,” Kenny began. “On earth, we have multiple races of people.  If we compared European descendants to African, Asian, or islanders, we would find an extremely wide range of appearances.  There are humans—earthlings—that look more alien to me than she does.  We travel several hundred miles on earth, and humans have a wide range of looks and appearances.  We travel across the universe and the first alien we meet looks like a European descended super-model.  Even if the creature is humanoid, shouldn’t there be some variation?”
Kenny had just verbalized the concern that everyone was feeling.  Nods could be seen around the table.  “Is it possible, that we just traveled across space to discover and abduct a human—an earthling, a woman?” asked James. 
Tammy shrugged once again.  “Her language, which I’ve recorded a bit of, is not from the earth.  I’ve run it against every language we know, and it is one hundred percent isolated.”
“You said that she has forty-six chromosomes.  Is it DNA?” asked James.
“Yeah, it’s DNA, all right.  I don’t have the genetic map yet.  That will still be several hours.  But, it is definitely DNA.”
“What are the possibilities?” asked Steve.
“Clearly, it is possible for humans—earthlings—to travel through space and get from earth to here; we have just done that.  So, though we have no records of this technology being known of or used before, it is possible that at some time in the past humans left and settled this world here,” explained Kenny.
“The language that she speaks requires that it must have been a very long time ago.  This world has civilizations all over it.  It appears ancient, not recently settled,” said James.  “But the lack of variation in features would indicate a more recent settlement. Could it be that humans advanced a long time ago and then left the earth to the less advanced civilizations?”
“What about the opposite?  Why couldn’t it be this world that produced the humans, and then sent some to earth to settle it?  Maybe this is where life began,” said Mike.
“Why would they seem so much more primitive than us?  We only found one small area with electricity.  It appears recent.  The rest of the world seems to be living in the before electricity phase.  If they were advanced enough to travel, either to the earth, or from the earth, why do they seem to be just figuring out the light bulb?” asked Steve.
“We now know of two inhabited planets, this one and earth.  Who’s to say that this is it?  There may be many inhabited planets out there.  Perhaps both of our worlds were populated from some third source.  Maybe, it was an Australian type of thing.  Send in criminals, or uncivilized, or uneducated people, and let them figure technology out, over a period of thousands of years.  Maybe we just got there first, a few hundred years before this colonization,” Kenny explained.
“Maybe earth got the smart ones, and this planet got the hot ones,” Mike quipped, and everyone laughed.

***
“She looks scared.  I feel bad for her,” said Bob.  Bob and Danny were standing guard in their black space suits, in full helmet.  “We must look very scary to her.”  The creature looked in their direction, and Bob waved to her.  The creature, who was sitting in her cell, in her dress that she had been captured in, looked away and down at her feet.  She was wearing an olive green dress that went down nearly to her ankles.  She sat on the examining table in her room with her left side facing them.  Her legs were bent up at the knees and she had her arms around her shins.
“She is the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen,” muttered Danny.
“I know.  That’s why I couldn’t shoot her with the tranquilizer.  I had a clear shot, but then as she was coming up, she looked like a gorgeous woman.  And I thought, ‘I can’t shoot a beautiful woman.’  Man, I completely froze.  I was both scared to death, and mesmerized by her.  It was surreal—the strangest feeling I have ever had before.”
“I couldn’t have shot her, either.  I feel like we’ve kidnapped her.  Tammy says that she can’t find anything alien about her at all.  This is weird.”
“Does she look hungry to you?” asked Bob.
“I can’t tell.”
“Tammy said that it looks like she can eat human food.  She said we could give her some, if she looked like she was hungry.  What’s for grub right now?”
“Chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy, and carrots.”
“Let’s give her a plate.  If she’s hungry then eating will help her to feel better.  At least, maybe, she won’t be so scared of us after that.”  Food always made Bob feel better.
The men in space suits got the food, and put it into the creatures’ cell.  Bob motioned with his hand that it was to eat by pointing to it and putting his hand up to his face shield where his mouth would be.  The creature coiled as the men approached, but then relaxed as she saw that they were bringing her something.  She did not move at first, but looked down at the plate.  After a few moments, she cautiously got off the table, and reached down to pick up the plate and utensils.  
“I told you she was hungry,” said Bob.
The creature sat back on her table, and held her plate.  She was examining it visually first.  She then leaned over to sniff the food.  Bob was smiling widely, though no one could have seen it inside his space helmet.  He enjoyed watching someone else enjoy a meal, as much as he enjoyed a meal himself; feeding this beautiful creature made him feel very happy inside, indeed.  She sniffed the chicken first and then the potatoes.  She glanced back over at the men in space suits, and then back at the plate.  She didn’t seem to move for a while.  Then she cautiously sniffed the carrots.  She leaned back quickly and put her hand over her mouth.  She looked like she was gagging.
“I don’t think she likes the carrots,” said Danny.  Bob was just a tad bit offended, but it only lasted a moment.
The creature picked up the knife and then the spoon.  She used the spoon to hold the chicken down, as she cut the chicken into pieces.  She did so slowly and methodically, periodically leaned down to inspect and smell.  Once the chicken had been carved into small bite-size pieces, she put the utensils down and stared at the men.  Bob motioned with his hand to his helmet, trying to tell her it was food.  The creature looked away again and back at her food.  She picked up a small piece of chicken with her fingers, and lifted it up to smell.  She looked at it again, and then put it in her mouth.  There was a slight grimace as she began to chew.  After chewing for what seemed like a long time, she swallowed.  She put her plate down, just past her feet, and then turned her body around on the table to face the men.  She allowed her feet to hang down over the edge of the table.  She motioned towards Bob, and then lifted up both hands to her mouth in a cupping fashion, and lifted up her head.
Bob, who was once again mesmerized by this creature, had no idea what she was doing—nor did he care.  He was just glad that she was looking in his direction.  “I think she wants something to drink,” said Danny.
Bob, snapping back to reality, practically jumped into action to get her a glass of water.  The sudden movement caused the creature to recoil again, but once she saw Bob filling a glass with water, she seemed to relax.  This time as he approached with the glass, the creature stood up to meet him.  He reached the cup through her cell, and she reached to grab it.  “Careful,” said Danny as he saw that the creature was reaching towards Bob.  But the creature grasped the glass, and then headed back towards the table.  She smelled the water, and then took a careful sip.  After a couple more careful sips, she began to drink it down.  She finished the glass, and looked over at Bob.  She smiled very gently, and got back up and walked over to him.  Bob had not moved from his place near her cell.  “Careful,” said Danny again.  The creature gently reached the glass to him, and Bob grabbed it.  The creature, motioned again that she wanted to drink.  Bob just stood there and didn’t move.  He was looking the creature in the eyes, though the creature could only see his silver helmet.  “I think she wants another drink, Bob.”
“Oh—yeah.”  Bob filled up the glass and brought it back to the cell.  The creature was still standing there, and the exchange went much more comfortably this time.  She also uttered some expression in her language with a sweet smile.  She headed back to her table, and continued to eat each piece of chicken one at a time, by picking it up with her fingers and putting them in her mouth.  She did require one more glass of water, about the time that she finished her chicken.  She went back to her plate and sniffed the potatoes again.  She picked up her spoon, and put a small amount in her mouth.  She grimaced more with the potatoes than she did with the chicken.  Slowly, she spooned off the gravy and ate the gravy.  She seemed to like the gravy very much.  She then worked on the mashed potatoes slowly, and swallowing hard with each bit.  She seemed to rely on the water, to get the potatoes down at first.  Little by little, she seemed to become more comfortable with the taste.
Once the potatoes were finished, and she had finished her third cup of water, she turned to look at the men again.  She stood up to give the men the plate, glass, and utensils.  She didn’t attempt to eat the carrots.  Bob came up again, and Danny stayed back.  She uttered something in her tongue, pointed to the carrots, and shook her head and then smiled.  She seemed to be apologizing that she wouldn’t eat the carrots.  
No sooner had Bob taken her plate, than Tammy could be heard in the Helmets.  “Danny, Bob, I’m going to sleep, is everything alright?”
“Hey Tammy, we just fed the alien,” said Bob with delight.
“Did you feed it, or did it feed itself?”
“Well, we gave her the food, and she fed herself.”
“How is it doing?”
“Great!  She loved the chicken, and the gravy.  I don’t know if she really liked the potatoes, but she ate them.  I can tell you this much, she wouldn’t even try the carrots.”
“Yeah, she gagged when she smelled them.  I thought she was going to puke,” informed Danny.
“Is it OK?—is it acting sick?”
“No, I think that she’s fine.  She doesn’t seem so scared of us anymore and she seems better after eating,” said Bob.
“Alright, so carrots are off its menu.  Write a report on its eating; that will be real important.”
“I’ll make sure Danny gets you a full report,” said Bob.
“Great.  Now if she starts acting sick, or if any other problems come up, let me know.  Otherwise, I desperately need some sleep.”
“Sounds great, Tammy.  I’ll get you that report.  We’ll take good care of her,” said Danny, and then Tammy was gone.
The creature was not privy to the conversation, as it took place within their helmets, and the helmets were sound-proof.  The helmets also did not allow her to have any access to seeing their faces.  She continued to look at her captors.  After a few minutes, she turned again so that her side faced them.  She grabbed her shins again, and bowed her head down, so that her forehead touched her knees.  Soon her eyes were closed, and it looked like she may be going to sleep.  Her eyes were closed, but Danny noticed that her lips were moving, almost like she was talking to herself, as no sound was audible.



Chapter 19





Roloff was glad for his solitary evening walk after his meeting.  It was very dark outside, which was soothing to him.  He had found the agenda irritating this night.  There was a small feud between two families in town, regarding fence repairs.  Roloff found these things the least appealing aspect of his mayoral duties.  He knew that he would be spending countless hours talking to the families.  If it was really all about the fence, it would be easier to just go and repair it himself.  But, he suspected that this was just the manifestation—the tip of the iceberg.
Rapid footsteps up ahead interrupted his thoughts.  “Hello?” he called.
“Father!—is that you, Father?”
“Caryell?”
“Father, Mother is in trouble!” Caryell was running, and had just come into view.
“What’s wrong?—where is she?”
“I don’t know! You must come at once, she’s missing!  I’ve been looking for her—for the past hour—but she is missing!”
“Perhaps she has been on a visit.”
“No, Father; we were both at home, Mother heard something in the woods; she went out to the woods with the lantern.  I heard her yell my name from the woods.  I went out to see her.  I could see her lantern light in the woods.  I called after her, but didn’t hear anything.  The next thing I saw was the lantern getting thrown.  So I started to run.  I found the lantern on the ground, and I picked it up.  I kept calling for mother, but I didn’t hear anything.  As I was looking around I found a deer down.  It didn’t look hurt.  But it was sleeping, and wouldn’t wake up—even when I nudged it.  Father, I looked everywhere that I could think, and I kept calling for her, but nothing.  So that is when I ran to find you.  I am so sorry!”
“Caryell, go to Seryen now.  Tell him what you have told me, and ask him to get a search party together.  I will meet you and the party in the woods near our home.” 
The boy ran down the path, and soon disappeared from sight.  Roloff wanted to run and get to Aspiria as quickly as possible.  But first he dropped to his knees.  He began to pray.  He prayed harder than he had ever prayed in his life.  Roloff prayed regularly.  He led his family in prayer.  He prayed for his family, his friends, and neighbors.  He prayed for his community.  But now his prayer was filled with deep humility.  He put this in God’s hands.  He knew that something had happened to Aspiria, and he feared that he would not be able to help her on his own.  He then got up and ran.
He first stopped at his home and ran inside.  
“Aspiria!” he shouted.  No answer.  He looked in the room.  He quickly ran through every room.  He then went into the woods.  The deer was still down.  He felt the animal.  It was alive, but in a deep sleep.  There was no visible wound, or injury.  But he could see by the deer’s tracks—through his lantern’s illumination—that the animal had been running and then fell abruptly.  He quickly found other tracks.  Aspiria’s footprints were not hard to discover.  They led up to the deer, and then she had fallen herself.  There were other tracks, also.  Perhaps they were men’s footprints.  There were several of them; the evidence showed that they had been near the deer. A few indentations lead up to some trees that were nearest to his home.  They may have been watching his home.  Many tracks indicated walking, but then four sets led away—clearly at a run.  One set was deeper, it was from someone heavier—perhaps this one was carrying something—perhaps carrying Aspiria.  Caryell’s footprints were everywhere.  The poor boy, he didn’t know what to do, but he was trying desperately to help his mother.
Roloff knew that he needed to follow the running footprints that let away into the dark.  But he didn’t want to be too far away when the search party came.  He didn’t want them worrying about him.  He wanted all efforts to be on Aspiria.  But he was concerned that the town would be coming to help, and he would be showing them the tracks of the men that had taken Aspiria.  He worried about what a panic could be created by this.  This town had been as safe from harm as any place could be.  When bad things happened, they were mistakes, or acts of God.  Malicious behavior was heard about from the city, occasionally, but it had never been seen in this town before.  Roloff knelt by the deer, and offered another prayer, this time for inspiration.  He wanted to know if he should follow the tracks, likely well over an hour old, or if he should meet the party and follow the trail together with the search party.  He felt that he should wait for the party.
The wait was not long; he began to see lights and heard voices coming towards his home.  He walked towards the search party.  He was both the townsman in need of assistance, and, being the Mayor, the leader of the party.  His leadership would be critical, but he also knew that the people would want to help and comfort him.  Seryen must be in charge of the group, he decided.  It made more sense.  He would guide Seryen.   
“Roloff, is that you?” he heard Seryen shout in the distance.
“Yes, come quickly.  Thank you all for coming.”
Perhaps thirty to forty men were coming up behind Seryen.  Many brought lanterns, and those with older boys had their sons with them, too.
“Have you found Aspiria?”
“No. But I’ve just found tracks, and I would love help in following them.  I’m afraid that this doesn’t appear to be an accident.  I see multiple sets of prints, and I think that someone is up to no good.  I can only hope that it is a prank.  Seryen, I will show you what I’ve found, and you lead these men.  I will assist where I can.  Is Caryell with you?”
“I’m here, Father.”
The boy was behind the pack and out of breath.  He had been running frantically for about an hour and a half.  “Come here, Caryell.”  His father embraced him closely, and looked at him in the eyes.  “You must pray, Caryell.  Your Mother needs your prayers right now.”
“Yes, Father, I have been praying.”
“Come with me and Seryen.”
Roloff, Seryen and Caryell walked a little ahead of the group, and towards the fallen deer.  Roloff explained his findings to Seryen as they walked.  When they got to the deer, Roloff showed him some of the tracks, and pointed to the trail that was running off from the spot.  As the men behind them came up, a murmur could be heard.
“What is going on with that deer?” asked Bastian from behind them.  Bastian was a strong and portly man.  He had been athletic in his youth, but now had a large pot belly and a fat face with a double chin.  He had light brown hair, and a confident—almost conceited—way about him.
“The deer is not dead.  It is neither hurt nor injured.  It is sleeping, and it cannot be woken.  It must be drugged.  Aspiria’s tracks lead to this spot, and then her tracks are gone.  Other tracks lead that way,” he pointed in the direction of the fleeing tracks.  “One set of tracks are deeper, and I suspect that whosevers prints they are, was carrying Aspiria.  Seryen, please lead this search party in pursuit of those who left these footprints.”
“Let’s go, men,” said Seryen.
The men followed, but whispers and concerned conversation could be heard among the group.  The town loved Aspiria, and would do anything for her.  But the men began to be concerned that they had left their women and children alone in the town and that foul play was at hand here.  “I think that we need to send a party back, to protect the town,” called Bastian.
“No,” called back Seryen.  “The town is fine, and we must help Aspiria.”
Roloff whispered to Seryen, “Perhaps we have more men than we need.  Sending a party back could add protection for all of our families.”
Seryen did not answer back.  He kept walking for a few paces in silence.  Roloff was his boss, at least under normal circumstances.  But Seryen was leading this party, and he needed to make the decisions.  Seryen struggled with Bastian.  Bastian never showed respect to Seryen.  He was feeling undermined by Bastian and wanted to show his strength and leadership.  Seryen finally stopped, and walked up to Bastian.  “Bastian, you are right.  This is an unusual event.  You take back with you fifteen men.  I will take the rest to find Aspiria.”
Bastian ended up with over half of the men returning with him.  Seryen was about to protest, but thought better of it.  We will still have a good number with us, he thought.  They will be the most willing and helpful anyway.  The men continued on their track, and came to the other edge of the woods.  The ground was much harder, and all but one set of tracks seemed to disappear.  The deepest tracks could be followed somewhat, with difficulty.  They led to a clear rocky area.  The tracks were gone, and nothing else appeared to give the men a clue.  
“Let’s spread out and search.”
The men searched for several hours, but nothing could be found.  Seryen called off the search until morning, when there would be light.  Sorrow and concern filled the hearts of all the men present.  Roloff returned home with Caryell.  The two men walked in silence.  Caryell had the look of exhaustion and exasperation.  Roloff had tears welled up in his eyes.  He knew that he would not be able to sleep, and he feared that neither would Caryell.  But he hoped that at least some rest—some shut-eye—would help them when they began the search again the next morning.  The father embraced his son, and told him to rest.  They knelt together and Roloff offered a prayer of pleading, then the Paladors  went to try and rest.



Chapter 20





Aspiria finished her meal before she realized that she had not prayed over it.  It was the first time in her life that she had eaten without a blessing being offered first.  She got back up on the table, and asked a blessing.  She had been so scared—so overwhelmed—but now she felt a little better.  She offered her prayer, and asked for a blessing of protection on her family.  She knew that Roloff and Caryell would be worried sick, and she asked that they would receive comfort.   
Aspiria did not know who her captors were, but she sensed some kindness; at least from the two that were with her now.  It was the worst meal that she had ever eaten in her life, but she still expressed gratitude for it.  She worried, a little, that they might be offended that she didn’t eat all of it.  She worried even more that they might force her to eat those horrific orange things again.  Aspiria had never been a picky eater, but she had never had such horrible smelling and tasting food put in front of her.  The meat wasn’t too bad.  She had never heard of orange food, and she had never smelled something so rancid in all of her life.
She felt tired, but not sleepy.  Her head ached, worse than ever before.  She didn’t know how long she had been away from home; in a way it felt like minutes and in other ways it felt like days.  She wanted to look at her right thigh, where she had been shot with the dart, but was not comfortable lifting her dress up high enough to see it with these people looking on.  She felt like she had been seen and inspected.  She could see small injuries on her arm, and she suspected that she had been examined while she was out.  Her underclothing had felt just a little off when she had woken up.  It was not a pleasant thought, but she did think that she had already been undressed in front of them.  She couldn’t tell if they were men, or women.  So far, she had not heard a sound from them, and she had only seen them in their strange suits.  When she spoke, they did not seem to understand, but when she gestured, they seemed to be very interested.
What do they want with me? she thought.  Maybe I interrupted something that they were doing in the woods.  Perhaps I got in their way.  Maybe I was shot with the drugged dart on accident.  This seems like a medical clinic of sorts.  Perhaps I was brought here to recover from the drugged dart.  Did they save my life?   Those suits seem like they are trying to protect themselves from me.  No, they were wearing them when I got shot.  I remember seeing that before I went out.  I’ve been awake for at least a few hours, why don’t they let me know what’s going on?
As she pondered her extraordinary circumstances, she began to feel a sensation.  It was the first indication of the need to urinate.  It was not initially alarming to her, but it lead to a new train of thought.  She knew that she was dehydrated until she had had all of those glasses of water.  But she had not had any need to urinate for the hours that she had been awake.  She then noticed tenderness in her rectum.  She was aware that her bowels felt entirely empty.  That was not her state before she had been taken captive.  The thought of what had transpired during the time she was out made her shudder.  She tried to think on other matters, but that fourth glass of water had kicked her kidneys into gear.  The initial sensation to urinate was strengthening, quickly.
The people that were standing guard had been very helpful to her with her glasses of water and her meal.  How do I communicate to them that I need to use the facilities? she thought.  The cell that she was in was small, completely visible to the outsiders, and with nothing that resembled a toilet facility.  Aspiria waited as she pondered, but the urgency was coming on quickly.  She got off the table, and walked to the bars at the front of her cell.  She tried to make eye contact, with the silver helmets, and the people seemed to be paying attention to her.  She put her hand on her belly and gave a facial expression of discomfort.  The people in suits looked at her, and then glanced at each other.  She could tell that they were somehow speaking with each other, as she could see that their body language indicated conversation.
They looked back at her, and didn’t move.  This time she spoke out loud.  “I need to use the facilities.  I think that I drank too much water, too quickly.”  The people could hear her, she thought, as they seemed to be listening.  They looked at each other and began to show evidence of communication again.  The one that had brought her the meal and water stepped forward, and began to walk towards her.  He stopped short of the bars, and appeared to glare at her, though she could see no eyes.  She again placed her hand on her belly and tried to show discomfort and urgency on her face.  The suited person looked on at her for a moment and then turned to the other suited person again.

***
“I think that she has a stomach ache,” Bob said as he turned to Danny.
“It looks like it.  I think that we should tell Tammy.”
“Tammy was exhausted, and she wanted us to take care of things,” Bob explained.
“Yes, but she will be furious if something happens to her ‘specimen.’”
“I’m more worried about her; she looks really uncomfortable,” said Bob genuinely.
The woman in cell had turned away from them slightly, and was looking in the air, as if she didn’t know what to do.  She started to bend her knees up and down a little, almost unconsciously.  She turned back to the men, and gave them the same gesture when she wanted a glass of water.  Bob thought, “Oh that might help with a stomach ache, I’ll get her another glass of water.  I wonder if there are any Tums in here.”  He started to go for another glass of water, but he saw her shake her head at him in a strange way.  He stopped and looked on again.  She showed him the glass of water gesture again, and then the hand on the stomach and the grimace of the face expression.  
Finally she lifted up her eyebrows and looked at him as though to say, “Get it?”  
Bob didn’t get it.  The woman started bouncing again, and this time with a little more urgently.
“I think that she has to pee,” said Danny.
“Oh, I think you’re right.  Oh, oh.  That’s not good.”
“What do we do?” asked Danny.  “We can’t take her out of her cell.  That was our most important instruction.”
“Do we have a bottle or container or something?” asked Bob.
 “Will that beaker fit through the bars?  It looks like it’s big enough to hold it.”  
“Hand it to me, I’ll try.”  Bob walked with the beaker towards the cell.  The alien woman looked at him with a very concerned expression on her face.  He reached it up to the bar, and saw that it fit—barely.  He then pulled it back and gestured to the woman by holding it in position and gently squatting.  The woman looked at him in utter dismay.  First her face whitened, and then it turned a bright crimson.  Bob tried to hand it to her, but she did not reach for it.  Instead she wrinkled her eyebrows, and shook her head adamantly.  “She definitely has got to pee.  But I don’t think she wants to do it in front of us.”
“Maybe if we turn our backs,” offered Danny.  The two men turned their backs to her momentarily and then Bob reached up the beaker again.  The woman lowered her head and looked up at Bob, with her dark eyes penetrating.  She shook her head slowly but assertively.  Bob was mesmerized again.  They clearly understood each other.  He was communicating with this beautiful alien woman.  Even though she was the captive and she was in the cell, she had him in the palm of her hand.
“We have to get her to a bathroom.  She’s got to go, and she isn’t going to do it like some kind of animal,” expressed Bob.
“I am not going to disobey orders.” 
“I’m calling Captain Jenners,” said Bob.
Steve and Mike were talking together when Bob interrupted them over the intercom.  “We’ve got a situation in the lab…with the woman—the alien.”  Steve and Mike looked at each other alarmed, and sat up straight.
“What’s going on, Bob?” asked Steve directly.
“Uh…this woman, uh…she has to go.”
“What! Go where? She’s not going anywhere.  Are you talking with her?”
“No, Captain, she’s trying to talk, but I can’t understand her.  I mean she has to go, as in, she’s got to pee.”
Mike’s face turned into an instant smile, and he bowed his head and started to chuckle.  Steve smiled from ear to ear as he and Mike exchanged a look.
“Bob, this alien is not leaving the cell.  Remember, this is an intelligent creature.  That is the oldest trick in the book.  Even they know that trick out here.”
“No Captain, she really does have to go.  I gave her four glasses of water, and I can tell it’s for real,” said Bob in all seriousness.
“Captain,” Danny came on, “I think it’s the real thing.”
“Well, give her something to go in.  She’s not getting out of the cell.”
“Yeah, um, we tried that.  But she said that she wouldn’t.”
“I thought that you couldn’t understand her?”
“I can’t understand her words, but I understood that.”
Mike was starting to laugh uncontrollably.
“Captain Jenners,” Danny was still speaking with as much seriousness as possible.  “She understands that we wanted her to pee in the beaker, but she won’t.  I think that we are going to have to do something.”
Steve looked at Mike, and rolled his eyes.  “What are we going to do?” he asked Mike.
“If she has to go bad enough, she’ll go in the beaker, I suppose,” suggested Mike.
Something inside of Steve began to eat at him.  “Look, we captured her, and she didn’t put up any fight.  We have weapons and more tranquilizing darts.  We’ve got plenty of us.  Maybe we could give her an armed escort to the bathroom.  We could be like the Secret Service.”
Mike shook his head and chuckled slightly.  “If she really has to go, she’ll go in the beaker.”
“Come on, Mike, let’s go.  We’ll bring all the arms, and make sure there is no funny business.  There is a bathroom in the lab, so we won’t have to compromise the air lock.”

***
Aspiria was mortified.  She really was aching in her bladder, and the pressure was increasing.  The only hope that she had was that the people were not offering her the beaker.  Instead, they seemed to be busy doing something.  It wasn’t clear what it was, but they were both fiddling with something.  One of the suited people walked to the far end of the room, and opened a door.  Aspiria looked at it.  It was dark in the just opened room, and she couldn’t make out what was inside.  A light came on, and she noticed strange facilities that looked like they could be a bathroom.  A feeling of relief came over her.  Not complete relief, of course, that would require her being in that room—but relief none the less.  
The next thing she knew, the people were both brandishing weapons!  They were not pointing them at her, but they were pointed in the air.  From the side, two other suited people entered the room.  She was startled when she first saw them, and was lucky to be able to continue to hold herself.  They too were brandishing weapons.  One of them was clearly in charge.  He was pointing and positioning the other people.  He never looked in her direction.  The one in charge had two of the other people point their weapons at her.  She began to fear that they would put her out again—or worse.  The one who didn’t have the weapon pointed at her walked towards her.   
The suited person opened up her cell.  She stood motionless.  The person put his hand around the top of her arm, and began to pull her firmly, but gently out of the cell.  Aspiria walked slowly, at the pace that her captors seemed to indicate.  As she walked out of the cell she stared from one armed captor to another.  They moved their weapons keeping them locked on her as she walked towards the recently opened door.  She realized that they were afraid of her.  What a strange thought.  She had never seen anyone show that body language towards her.  Why are they afraid of me? she wondered.  She had plenty of reason to be afraid of them, but oddly she started to feel some pity towards these strange individuals. 
Her urgency to urinate intensified as the bathroom approached.  She instantly grew concerned that she would not be allowed to do this alone.  But as she went through the door and into the room, the person holding her arm loosened and allowed her to walk in alone.  She looked around and saw that they were all facing her—two of them with weapons pointing towards her.  She slowly began to shut the door, but just a few inches.  She looked at them for approval.  No one seemed concerned.  She continued to shut the door, and they seemed to accept that.
With the door shut, she looked at the contraption that appeared to be the appropriate facility.  She lifted up her dress, pulled down her underclothing, and sat down.  The urgency was intense, but the awkwardness and fear made it difficult to start.  She remembered her thigh, and took a look at it.  There was a mark, from the dart, but it was not too tender or bruised.  She was relieved that it still looked fresh.  She couldn’t have been under too long.  She was now able to urinate, and as she did she felt a burning.  



Chapter 21





Steve had just sat down on his bed when he heard a knock on his door.  He was a little irritated, but got up to answer the door.  Tammy was there, and she looked beautiful, her red hair had a beautiful curl and shine.  She had not just come over after finishing her lab work, but had taken some time to freshen up.  Steve glanced in the hall before welcoming her into his chambers.  
“No one’s around,” she said with a smile as she walked in.  As soon as the door was shut, she put her arms around him tightly.  They enjoyed a prolonged embrace.  Steve leaned in for the kiss, and they both poured out their affection.
Steve looked at Tammy, who had been apparently very happy just a few minutes ago.  He saw a look of concern on her face.  She began to get a little misty-eyed, and then forced a smile again.  “What’s wrong?” he asked tenderly.
“I’ve missed you,” she said as she forced another smile.  They both sat down on his bed, close to each other, and Steve grabbed her left hand in both of his and rested them on her lap.
“You must be exhausted.  I know that you haven’t taken many of your rest periods.  You’ve been working tirelessly.  I’ve missed you, too.”
Tammy looked up at him, and smiled more genuinely this time.  “I’m living my dream right now.”
Steve smiled tenderly at her now.  Her physical attraction to him was growing into something deeper, and he felt it now more than ever.  Steve was beginning to view his future life with her in it.  She appealed to him on so many levels.  Tammy was so beautiful that she would always be a compliment to him.  She was extraordinarily intelligent.  She was driven, as driven as he had ever seen.  His ship was filled with people with drive, and yet Tammy outpaced them all.  Tammy was meticulous and detail-oriented, but still she kept her personality.  She could laugh at herself, and was not so self-absorbed that she couldn’t see others’ points of view.  She was witty and funny.  She was very self-confident and comfortable in anyone’s presence.  
The other major attraction he had not completely formulated in his mind—he and she were destined to be in the history books.  They were going to be household names.  They were both heroes’.  Their destinies had been meshed together through this mission and its attendant success.  The name Steve Jenners was going to be spoken for hundreds of years to come, and Tammy Rogers was good enough for him.  She would not be eclipsed by him or in his shadows.  She would shine by his side.  They would both be the elite of the world.
Besides all of this, he loved her.  He felt a pure tenderness towards her.  In fact, he felt that everything else was just an excuse for his feelings.  He felt as though even if everything else were not true, he would still feel just as much love for her.  He began to hope for her happiness above his own.  Her eyes welled up again, and a solitary tear began to roll down her cheek.  He reached up and gently caught it on his index finger.  She sniffled softly, and then smiled again.  He put his arm around her shoulder, and tucked her into his chest.  Gentle tears ran down her cheeks.  He didn’t ask her why.  He didn’t try to give her any words of comfort.  He just held her—and let her cry.

***
“Tammy’s pulling the report right now,” explained James to Kenny in the dining area.  “What’s your vote, human or alien?”
“Now that’s a loaded question.  She’s definitely an alien.  I mean, she’s not from earth—so she’s an alien.  But as to whether or not she’s human, now that’s the question,” replied Kenny.
Tammy walked into the dining area and straight over to counter without so much as acknowledging the two men.  She grabbed a mug, and then dropped it on the counter.  It didn’t break, but she hit her fist on the counter anyway, in a show of complete frustration.
“Hey Tammy, what’s the word on the report?” inquired Kenny.
She waited a second, before turning towards them.  As she shook her head she said, “There is no word.  The genetic analyzer messed it up.  It came out as nonsense—complete and utter nonsense.  I don’t know if the thing is broken, or if I did something wrong.  It’s been working fine the whole time; then when I need it, it goes out.”
“So it ran through the whole thing, instead of letting you know that something was wrong?” asked James.
“Yeah, I had no clue at all.  It showed everything as fine at the end, too.  I’m going to be livid if they have to send in another ship and crew because we can’t gather our most important data.”
“Have you already reported the failure to Central Command?” asked Kenny with some concern.
“No, I’d rather test it again.  I’ve been trusted with the most important scientific report ever.  I intend to get it right, as long as the stupid equipment doesn’t fail me!”  And with that, she kicked the counter.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” asked Steve, as he and Mike entered the room.  He wanted to go up to her, and put his hands on her shoulders and rub them, but knew that he could not.
“The genetic analysis didn’t run right.  I can’t tell if the machine failed, or I did something wrong.  I’ve got to start all over again.”
“It worked fine, when you ran my DNA,” said Steve.
Tammy didn’t answer, but looked like she was deep in thought.  In a matter of minutes everyone was at the table eating.
“So, the atmosphere on this world is identical to the atmosphere on the earth.  It looks like the only reason to continue with the air lock is to keep the two species from sharing germs, and making each other sick,” stated James to break the silence.
“This is strange,” said Kenny between bites.
“I think that we may need to break the air lock,” said Tammy without looking up from her plate. 
Mike looked up though.  He looked right at Tammy.  “What?  We can’t break the air lock, not with her on board.”
“I’ve isolated all of her flora.  I’ve got all of her skin flora, her fecal flora, her genital flora, oral flora, ocular flora—I’ve got it all.  It is bacteria.  It looks like bacteria, it acts like bacteria, it’s not identical to earth’s bacteria, but it’s a lot like it.  It can definitely infect human tissue.  I’ve tested her strains on human cells, and they cause infections.  But they are so susceptible to our antibiotics.  It’s like shooting fish in a barrel.  They must not be using anything like our antibiotics, because these bugs have no resistance whatsoever.  I’ve tested our specimens’ tissue with our bacteria also.  Its tissue is equally susceptible to infection from our bacteria.  It’s a little harder to kill, because our bacteria have a lot of resistance against our antibiotics.  But it’s doable.  Actually, I think that it has a minor infection already.  The lab was ‘sterilized’ before the air lock, and before we acquired the specimen, but I don’t think that it was one hundred percent sterilized.  I think that it has caught a bug—one of our germs.  It’s respiratory and the specimen has a bit of a runny nose.  I gave it a broad spectrum antibiotic injection, and I’m culturing its sputum and nasal mucus now.  I’ll know soon if it is from an earth born bacterial infection.  If the antibiotic shot works, then I don’t think we have to worry about contaminating it.  At least we can clear up the infection.”  Tammy explained all of this with ease.  She was feeling a little better, as she explained some of her successes.
“So you want to break the air lock to test how we do with each other’s bacteria?” asked James.
“No.  I’m just saying that I don’t think that it will present as big of a problem as it could.  If neither species gets any serious sickness from breaking the air lock, then it won’t be such a big deal.”
“Then why do you want to break the air lock?” asked Kenny.
Tammy hesitated a bit. “I want to re-run the genetic test.  I could just get another sample from the specimen and re-run it.  But, I would prefer to get samples from each of you, and run them along with the specimen’s sample.  If the machine is broken, or out of calibration, I may be able to see where it is going wrong.  I can see how your DNA stacks up against your baseline tests.  I really don’t want to lose this report.  In order to get your samples, I will have to expose each of you, and that pretty much destroys the value of the air lock.”
“What about viruses, prions, et cetera?” asked Mike.
“I haven’t isolated any viruses from the specimen.  I have exposed its tissue samples to our viruses, but I won’t have results for a couple of days.  Our specimen appears to be in great health, minus a little infection that we have given it.  I think that if we all received antibiotics prophylactically, that we would be fine. There is some risk, and I think everyone should know that, but I really do think the risk is minimal.  I’m willing to take the risk.  I want the data.  I think that we can handle any infections.”
“How soon would you want all of our DNA samples?” asked Steve, with Mike looking and glaring at him.
“Yesterday,” said Tammy, in all seriousness.
“I trust you.  This mission has been anything but conventional—both from our deviating from protocol, to the ultimate successes.  I don’t think that it is possible to break our barriers of success, by sticking to protocol.  I’ll tell Danny and Bob about the risk.  Does anyone have any major objections?”  Steve asked with a look that seemed to say, “And there better not be any major objections!” 
“I hear what you are saying Captain,” said James.  “We have to take risks, if we want the whole enchilada.  They got to be calculated risks though.  I think Tammy has calculated them.  I’m in.”
“Captain, the risks we are talking about are both to our own health, and to the success of the mission.  We are going for it on 4th and 10 in our own territory.  Tammy’s a good quarterback, though.  Tammy, if you say you’ve got it, I’m with you,” explained Kenny.
“Captain Jenners, you’re the Captain.  I don’t like it.  But, I’m not going to fight you on it,” Mike said.  He was clearly not very happy about this.  But that was Mike.  He wasn’t ever happy about anything.  Mike, however, had a lot more bark than bite.
Tammy looked around, with a look in her eyes that said, “thank you.”  Everything did not feel better.  She was still so frustrated inside.  But at least she felt like she could proceed.  She and Steve exchanged a look.  He was doing her a big favor.  The look told him that she knew it and appreciated it.  He didn’t want to compromise the mission in any way, but he felt that he needed to keep this mission on this ship.  If other ships came in, it could become a turf war very quickly.  



Chapter 22





For the first time, Aspiria was completely alone in the room.  She had been stuck in her cell for the past week, and was feeling very caged-in.  She was only allowed to leave for showering and bathroom privileges.  She had been given alternative clothing to wear, and she wore it, but it was very strange.  Today, they had brought her back her own clothing and it was clean.  She was glad to have her own clothing back on.  Over the past week, her escorts had become more comfortable with her leaving for her bathroom breaks.  They still carried weapons, but did not point them directly at her.  
She had watched them closely and could tell by body language that there were at least seven different people that had been in her room.  One of them was clearly in charge of her room.  This person was in here most of the time.  This person had put several needles in her—sometimes putting in, and sometimes taking out.  Aspiria felt that although she spent the most time with this particular person, this person was very distant with her.  Others, like the person who had first fed her, were very kind and interested in her.  One person never looked at her and seemed to be the leader of the group.  Everyone seemed to follow this person’s command, except the person with whom she spent the most time.  That person seemed to have a certain command over the person in charge.  Those two seemed fond of each other.
They always guarded over her night and day, as it were.  But now she was alone.  It was both comforting and disconcerting.  Now she could hear sounds, and she felt a change in the air.  Something was going on, and she sat up straight and listened intensely.  For several minutes it was quiet again; then she heard a voice for the first time.  It was a very strange voice—a woman’s voice.  The language was foreign.  It was very nasal and it grated on her.  However, she was thrilled to hear a voice.  She had heard nothing but the hum of machines and her own voice for the past week.  Now another voice could be heard.  This was a man’s voice.  They were getting closer.  She listened carefully, but could not make out anything familiar, neither in word, tone, nor inflection.
Two people entered the room; a woman and a man.  The woman looked over at her briefly, seemingly to just check and make sure that she was in her cell.  The man did not look over.  It took a few minutes watching these unsuited people, without helmets, to tell if she recognized them.  It was the woman who was always there.  Aspiria felt some relief.  She suspected that she had been examined by this person before she had come to.  It was a relief that it was a woman.  The man was the man in charge.  The woman proceeded to inject him, and took out rather than put in.  The man did not particularly like it, but they clearly were fond of each other.  The woman generally seemed cold, except when he was around. 
Aspiria was staring at them.  Perhaps this was rude, but she had nothing else to look at.  She also needed to figure out what was going on.  She needed to find a way to communicate with them.  She missed her family terribly.  She was feeling a little sick, though that seemed to be getting better with what she suspected to be medicine that she had been injected with.  She was cooped up, and had never been cooped up in her life.  Aspiria walked miles every day and could not stand to be sitting or lying all day long.  She felt physically, mentally, and emotionally uncomfortable.  As she stared at the two people in the room, the man looked up at her.  She was used to being looked at by these people, but not by him.  She smiled slightly and unconsciously at him.  He was young, blond, blue-eyed, and very handsome.  The man did not look away, but he kept staring at her.  It seemed as though he was talking with the woman and with her; as he gestured she could tell that he was taking an interest in her—seemingly for the first time.
The woman seemed to be preoccupied, but carried on the conversation politely, though disinterestedly.  When the woman finished with him the man got up and walked over to Aspiria.  Aspiria felt a little nervous.  For the first time she could see eyes, up close.  Those eyes were looking at her as though there was something unusual about her.  The man spoke again, but this time he seemed to be speaking to Aspiria, not to the other woman.  The words and the sound were strange.  It was not a pleasant sound, but she was thrilled to hear these people speak.  Where could they be from? she thought.  The man gestured to himself as he spoke, and smiled at her.
Aspiria spoke back to him.  She told him that she was Aspiria, and pointed to herself.  The man screwed up his eyes, but kept smiling.  In the background Aspiria could see that another man had entered the lab and had gone over to the woman.  He too was getting an injection.  Aspiria wanted to watch and see which person it was by the body language, but the man in front of her didn’t seem to want to lose her attention.  They continued to try and interact with each other but their languages were alien to each other.  She felt frustrated, but at the same time, he was so pleasant and brought himself to laugh so easily that Aspiria, too, allowed her frustration to turn to laughter.  
The other man getting an injection left the room, and a third man entered.  This time, Aspiria’s attention was turned.  This man had very dark skin.  She had never seen, or heard of a man with such dark skin.  The man in charge turned to see what was so interesting going on behind him.  He turned back towards her and looked at her questioningly.  Aspiria, looked back at the man in front of her, and reached up to her face.  She waved her hand over her face, and then over her arms.  That was the only exposed skin of the dark-colored man.  Then she pointed at the man.  The man in front of her, looked at her quizzically for a moment, and then showed a smile of understanding.  He turned to the other man and spoke to him.  The dark-skinned man looked up and smiled.  Then they both laughed.  Even the woman joined in the laughter for a moment.
When the dark-skinned man was done with his injection, he too walked up to Aspiria’s cell.  Aspiria walked up to the bars at the edge of her cell.  She wanted to look at this man as closely as she could.  The dark-skinned man looked at the blond man, and then walked up closer.  Aspiria reached her hand out through the cage very slowly.  The dark-skinned man walked up closer, and Aspiria touched his arm.  She gently caressed it, and then reached towards his cheek.  She caressed them as well.  The dark skin man smiled and spoke in the strange tongue of her captors.  Aspiria smiled deeply.
Other men also came in and got their injections.  One was her friend that liked to give her food.  He waved at her, when he came in.  The next one was his companion.  He had darker skin too, but not as dark as the other man.  The last one to come in wore facial hair, and was clearly older than everyone else.  She laughed briefly when she saw the man with facial hair but put her hand over her mouth and stopped herself.  A man wearing facial hair, at least where she was from, was unheard of.  She had never seen that before.  The blond man signaled for the hairy man to come over, when he was done.  He brought the hairy man up close to the cell, and signaled for Aspiria to touch this facial hair.  The idea was revolting to her, and she withdrew herself slightly and shook her head.  Everyone in the room laughed boisterously, while the hairy man turned a little red.  She worried that she had offended him.  But he laughed and smiled at her.  He put his own hand up to his facial hair and rubbed it and then shrugged.  Aspiria smiled, but did not want to come up closer to the bars.
She felt much better now that she could see their faces.  She was glad for the interaction with them.  But she also felt a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach.  Who are they, and where are they from? she kept thinking.  I knew that they were strange, but they must be from very far away.  They couldn’t be from the city.  But,…she didn’t think that anywhere except the city had electricity.  These people seemed to know a lot about electricity and medicine.  More than anything she had seen before.  Where else could they be from?  These thoughts and feelings began to weigh heavily on her mind.  The only hope was that they seemed less afraid of her now.  They were out of their suits and helmets.  They had let her touch one of them.  They smiled and seemed kind.  But she was still in this little cell.  She wanted to go for a walk.  She wanted to be with her family.  She wanted to feel the sunshine on her skin and the breeze in her hair.  
How can I communicate with them? she thought.  Suddenly, an idea came to her.



Chapter 23





“She likes you, James,” said Steve.
“Hey, I can’t help it if I’m the most amazing guy she has ever seen.  Besides, I’m used to it.  I always have this effect on beautiful women—especially supermodels.”
“All I’ve got to do is shave—then I’ll be her favorite,” Kenny asserted. 
“What? Are you kidding me?  She can’t stand you.  If you shave, maybe she won’t back off when you come near!  No, I’m definitely her favorite.” James was clearly enjoying the attention.
“Look, she’s trying to tell us something.  What is she doing?” asked Steve.  The woman was holding out her left hand and pointing to it with her right index finger.  Now she was dragging her finger on the hand.  They looked at her curiously.  
“I think she wants something to write on,” said Danny coming up from behind them.
“You’re right,” said Steve.  “Hey Tammy, do you have a tablet close by?”
“Yeah, what’s it for?”
“She looks like she wants to write or draw something.”
“You want me to let it have one of our tablets?”
“We’re right here, we’re watching her,” said Steve.
“Aren’t we supposed to be studying her?” said James.  “This is pretty interesting.  Do you want to come over here, Tammy?”
“I am studying it, and in fact I need a blood sample so that we can figure out the genetics.  Let me get the sample, and then you guys can play with your new toy.”
“James, get a tranq. gun.  We are going to escort her for her blood work.”
“Hey, she likes me.  She can’t stand Kenny.  Let Kenny hold the gun.”
Steve stared at James and James dropped his protest.  James looked at the woman and shrugged.  He went and got the gun.  Steve let her out and the woman looked over at James.  Then she went over to where Tammy was prepped for her.  The procedure was done in a few moments and the tablet was procured.  They turned on a drawing app and handed the tablet to the woman who was still sitting at the counter.  The woman looked up at the men curiously.  Steve reached down and dragged his finger across the surface.  The tablet picked up his finger stroke in a black color.  Then he touched the color pallet, on the red.  He then stroked his finger again on the tablet, and this time a new red stroke was there.  He hit the clear button and looked at the woman.  The woman looked down at the tablet and touched the surface quickly, and then withdrew her finger.  A red spot was now in the area that she had touched.  She looked back up to the men and then tried it again.  She then touched the color pallet, and hit blue.  She did a streak, and then a circular pattern.  She looked back up again and took a deep breath.
She hit the clear button, and then stared at the tablet for a few moments.  Her eyes squinted and then she looked up at Steve.  She made a drawing motion with her hand, like she was holding an instrument.  “Give her a stylus,” said James.
Steve almost asked Tammy, but looking over at her, he knew that he would be pushing his luck.  He rummaged through her instruments and found a piece that would work.  He gave it to the woman and changed the stroke size on the app. to approximate the small stroke size of her makeshift stylus.  The woman was pleased, and she started to draw.  She was very good; it only took a few minutes for her to have a small and colorful, full bodied self-portrait, drawn with the same green as her dress that she had on.  “It’s her,” said Steve.
She then wrote several symbols.  They were typical shapes: circles, triangles, squares, etc.  The shapes were variously sized and some also had lines or dots next to, on top, or within the shapes.  She underlined the whole of them and then spoke while pointing to herself.  All of the men looked at her curiously.  She then pointed to her self-portrait and then back at herself again.  She then spoke the same way again, while indicating the shapes.  The sound of this woman’s voice was angelic.  Her tones and inflections were unlike any voice these men had ever heard before.  To say that it was beautiful would be a severe injustice.  It truly was the voice of an angel.
The woman continued to repeat her vocalization and gestures.  Danny was the first to attempt a copy of her vocalization.  “anzzaa.”  The woman looked up at Danny with some excitement, and then repeated her word.  Danny tried again, “azzamppa.”  The woman smiled, giggled a little, and then repeated the word.
James, still enjoying his favored status, decided to jump in, “azzpppra.”  She smiled encouragingly, and then repeated. “azzpprya,” was met with an approving nod, and then another repeat.
“aspprya,” stated Steve.  This time she gave a smile and an approving nod, while repeating the word and pointing to herself.
“Aspiria,” said Kenny.  She looked at him and uttered a new word.  
“Aspiria,” she said in her angelic voice, and worked with the other men until they could all adequately pronounce it.  Kenny was still the best at pronouncing it, and she indicated the stylus to him.  He came over, and picked up the stylus.  She indicated a space under the shape characters that she had written.  Kenny looked at her with some confusion.  The woman indicated the same space.  Then she said, “Aspiria,” while indicating her characters.  She then said the word again, and indicated the space under her characters.
“She wants you to write, ‘Aspiria,’” said Danny.
Kenny leaned in to write, and the woman leaned back uncomfortably.  She was clearly, still, uncomfortable with Kenny.  He wrote, ‘aspiria,’ and handed her back the stylus.  The woman pointed to herself and repeated the word.  Then she pointed at her characters and repeated the word, and finally she pointed at the word that Kenny had written, repeating the word again.  
James pointed at himself and said, “aspiria.”  The woman drew her head back, and shook her head and then smiled.  She then pointed with emphasis at herself and repeated, “Aspiria.”  James felt a little embarrassed.  The woman looked down at the tablet, and indicated that she wanted to draw more, but didn’t seem to want to change what was already there.
“Save that drawing,” commanded Steve. “That may be real important.”  Kenny was still close at hand, and he saved the drawing.  Then he cleared the page, so that she could draw again.
The woman gasped, and looked up at Kenny and then at the rest of the men with alarm.  “It’s still there,” said Kenny and he pulled up her drawing.  She looked relieved, and then indicated that she wanted to write again.  Kenny showed her how to clear the page again.
The woman took a good look at James, and then began to draw.  She was clearly drawing James.  It wasn’t quite as good as her self-portrait, but it was easy to tell who she was drawing.  The darkness of his skin was over-emphasized, but she clearly had some talent.  
“It’s James,” said Danny.
“issjmnnnzz,” said the woman with a very different sounding voice.  It actually sounded horrible, and was exceptionally nasal.  She pointed to James and said it again.  Then she pointed to herself and said, “Aspiria.”
“James,” said James and pointed to himself.
“Jmnnnzz,” said the woman and smiled while indicating him.
“James,” he said again.
This went on for several moments, until she was getting closer.  She then wrote in her shape characters next to the picture and said, “James.”  James and the other men continued to repeat the name “James,” and as they did so she continued to reformulate her characters.  Sometimes she would change the shape.  Then she might change a shape’s size.  Sometimes she would change the lines or dots near the shapes.  Finally the men were satisfied with her ability to repeat, “James,” and she was satisfied with her characters.  She then indicated to James to write his name under her characters.  He did this, and then saved the file.  She smiled up at him and said, “James.”
He pointed at himself and said, “James,” and then pointed towards her and said, “Aspiria.”  To which the woman did the same.  James was feeling very proud, and was pleased that he was still her favorite.  She pointed at the clear button, and looked at James for approval.  He nodded with a smile, and she cleared the page.
Steve’s drawing was next.  The same episode was repeated.  His name took her a little longer to get, and she said it with such a nasal emphasis, that it didn’t sound very good at all when the group indicated success.  “Why does her voice always sound so beautiful, except when she tries to say our names?” asked James.
“I think that we must sound like that to her,” said Kenny.  “Think about how we sound when we say, ‘Aspiria,’ compared to how she sounds.”
She drew Danny and then Kenny next.  Danny’s skin tone was also over-emphasized.  Kenny’s beard was really exaggerated. Everyone laughed when she did that, except Aspiria—she seemed a little embarrassed.  The pictures of the men took on almost the appearance of caricatures.  Their features were somewhat over-emphasized, but the effect was not comical—except Kenny’s, of course.   Everyone was enjoying themselves immensely.  They were captured by the moment, and the time was flying by.  This woman, who had already cast a spell on them by her beauty and elegance, was now drawing them in further with her personality and talents.  Each of them, like Bob before, was mesmerized by her.  ‘Enchanting,’ would only begin to describe her persona. 
It was Tammy’s turn next, and she drew her beautifully, although Tammy’s back was turned.  She had obviously studied Tammy’s face that afternoon.  She actually enhanced Tammy’s beauty in the picture, and Steve felt very proud.  “Tammy,” said Steve.
“Yeah, what?” came Tammy’s voice from across the lab.
“No, Tammy.  I didn’t call you.  She’s trying to learn our names.  You should see this picture that she drew of you.”
Tammy turned around, and looked a bit irritated.  
“It’s beautiful,” said Steve.  Tammy shook her head and turned back to her work.
Aspiria then attempted, “Tammy.”  Again, it was very nasally, but she seemed to work extra hard.  It seemed extraordinarily important to her that she get Tammy’s name right.  Upon completion, she hurriedly drew two more people.  The faces though were left without any detail.  She shrugged.
“It must be Mike and Bob,” said Danny.  
Aspiria had not gotten a good look at either of their faces, and they had left after their blood work.  The men were starting the process of teaching her Mike’s name, when Tammy interrupted.  “Guys, I need some space.  I’ve got a lot to do.  It’s time to put your pet back in its cage.  You can play with it later.”
Steve looked up, and thought about protesting, but as he saw the look in her eyes, he realized that this was not a request, and it was not negotiable.  “Let’s clear out,” he said.  James had put the tranq. down a long time ago, without realizing it.  Danny went up to Aspiria and indicated the cell.  Aspiria looked hurt, but only momentarily.  She got up and began to walk toward her cell.  Danny escorted her, but did not put his hand around her arm.  Steve realized that they were treating her with much less security.  He felt torn.  Part of him wanted to get the men back into military form, but part of him wanted to treat Aspiria with greater respect.  He let her enter herself into the cell, and did not ask James to pick up the tranquilizer.
Danny locked her in.  He felt—different—doing so this time.  Aspiria looked at Danny and smiled.  “Danny,” she said in her nasally tone.  He smiled, and walked away.
Soon the room was empty, except for Tammy.  Tammy did not look over at her, but kept at her work for hours.  Aspiria wanted to have the drawing device.  She wanted to study their writing.  Instead she lay down and closed her eyes.  She tried to picture the sounds and characters in her head.  Communication was going to be difficult, but she had to try.  Her thoughts soon turned to Roloff and Caryell.  Soft tears began to roll down her cheeks.  She didn’t want to show her emotions to Tammy, so she kept the sounds and sniffles quiet.    



Chapter 24





Over the next several days, Steve spent a lot of time in the lab.  He had always been careful to not go to the lab too much.  He didn’t want to show undue impropriety.  Now, he had an entirely new motivation to be in the lab; he wanted to understand Aspiria.  Because his desire to be in the lab was completely justified, he had no hesitation in spending as much time there as he desired.  Tammy was thoroughly involved in her studies, and Steve was enjoying completely the time that he was spending with Aspiria.  Still, he and Tammy also found time to spend together each day.  She did not seem uncomfortable with the idea of sharing affection with Steve when they were alone.  Steve was less comfortable, because he did not feel alone; Aspiria was there, too.
Aspiria was more foreign than alien to him now.  Both he and Aspiria worked tirelessly each day trying to understand each other.  They would often laugh playfully with each other.  Steve felt like he was slaughtering her language, and the looks that she would give him sometimes said the same.  For her part, she was not quite as nasally now, but still he could tell that, to her, his voice and language must sound awful. Sometimes when they would laugh hard, Tammy would turn around with irritation.  At other times, she would give Steve jobs to do.  He would feel a little annoyed about having his important work interrupted, but he felt that Tammy was on the whole being very patient.  
On the first day, they passed the tablet through the bars on Aspiria’s cell back and forth.  Steve would let her out for bathroom breaks, and escorted her without a weapon, or any other security.  The next day, he let Aspiria out, and they sat next to each other at a work table.  Tammy gave him a look of concern, but Steve smiled at her reassuringly.  Steve was very strong, and this alien woman neither showed signs of hostility, nor did anything to indicate that she could out run or overpower him.  Besides all of this, she seemed just as interested in getting to know him and his language as he was in getting to know hers.  Cooperation was the working relationship, and he felt no concern as he got to know her.  
During their work, Tammy chimed in, “I don’t understand.”  Steve turned around and looked at her.  “Not one of our viruses has infected any of its cells.  I tested them against my own cells, and every one of the viruses is virulent.  But they have had no effect on its cells at all.  Weird.”
“I thought that you said that you had infected her cells, and that she had a cold.”
“Bacteria, Steve.  The bacteria caused infection in vivo, and she did get a bacterial respiratory infection.  It cultured as earth bacteria, and it cleared up quickly with antibiotics.  But the viruses don’t seem to be able to infect its cells.”  Tammy was back to work, and didn’t seem interested in any further conversation.
As fascinated as Steve was with Aspiria’s spoken language, he was even more fascinated by her written language.  At first it seemed so simple: circles, triangles, and squares.  But as he watched her try and write the words that he spoke to her, he began to notice subtleties.   There were three relative sizes to each of the shapes: large, medium and small.  The large shapes seemed to be in a line.  The medium shapes could be squared to the top of the large shapes, or the bottom of the large shapes.  The small, had this relationship to the medium shapes.  The small to the large could be either squared to the top middle or bottom of the large shapes.  She wrote from left to right, and the size of the shape seemed to be relative to the shape directly to the left of it.  Accents were also clearly important.  There seemed to be so many accents.  Shapes might get a back slash through them, or they could get underlined or over-lined—sometimes, just a vertical line in the center of the shape.  Occasionally the whole shape would get circled, and at other times the whole ‘word’ would get circled.  The other accent that was common was two dots.  They appeared horizontally over the shape, vertically to the right of the shape, or horizontally within the shape.  Sometimes a shape would have multiple accents.
As Aspiria would work to pronounce a word, she would change the shapes, relative sizes, positioning, and accents feverishly.  The slightest sound difference would produce significant differences in how she formulated the word in her written language.  At this stage, Steve was lost, but he still found it fascinating.  Aspiria was equally lost on Arabic characters.  At one point he wrote out the alphabet, in lower and capital letters.  Aspiria gasped as she looked at it.  She was lost, and he felt a little better by this fact.  Her spoken English vocabulary was improving quickly.  She had a fantastic memory and was clearly focusing.  It may have been easier to have just one teaching the other, but they took turns: each trying to teach each other one another’s language.  By the fifth day, rudimentary conversation was occurring, and they both felt exhausted and exhilarated.  
Aspiria was working on asking questions.  She was learning the tone of questions, as opposed to the tone of statements.  All of the questions were simple, and asked just for the sake of practice.  That is, until she asked if they could walk around.  At first Steve just encouraged her that she had asked correctly.  But Aspiria looked at him in such a way, that he realized that she was making an actual request.  She repeated, but differently this time, “May we go on walk?” and she indicated the door by which Steve always entered and exited.  
Steve was taken aback.  He really thought of her as a person, and a partner since they had been working together on language.  But he was also the ship’s Captain, and he wasn’t sure that letting her out of the lab was a good idea.  He hesitated, and then said, “Not today.”  Aspiria looked disappointed, but then nodded and said, “Okay.”
Tammy had been out of the lab for a little while and came rushing in.  “It’s done!  The genetic reports are ready.  Oh, it better not mess up again, or we’ll get replaced—quick.”
Steve knew that she would want some space, and he was a little concerned about the fact that Aspiria had gotten comfortable enough to make a request.  “I’ll meet you for dinner in a little while.  I’m excited to hear your report.”  He got up from the table, and walked over to Tammy.  This time he initiated and gave her a hug and a kiss.  “Good luck, for both of us.”
Tammy put up her hand and crossed her fingers.  She turned back to her work and Steve walked back towards Aspiria.  Her countenance had fallen a bit.  “You’ll go now?” she asked.
“Yes,” said Steve.  
Aspiria got up and walked herself over to her cell.  She got in and Steve came and locked the door.  He turned to walk away, and heard from behind, “goodbye.”  He turned and Aspiria gave him a sweet smile.
He nodded and said, “Goodbye, Aspiria;—great job today!”

***
“Tammy, what’s the word?”  Kenny was quick to the punch as Tammy walked into the dining area.
Tammy raised her eyebrows.  She looked white in the face.  “It worked.  The machine’s fine.  We’ve got perfect results.  Everyone had an exact match.”
“Is Aspiria human?” asked James.
“James, even the specimen’s report was an exact match.”
“But you said that…” began Steve.
“I said that it was nonsense—I thought that it was.  It had no similarity, in pattern, to any genetic code in all of our libraries.  Humans and, say, earthworms, have a lot of differences in genetic code; but compared to this creature they are very similar.  Everything on earth has a high percentage of similar genetic material.  The little genetic differences make for huge differences among the various species.  I figured that this creature, which looks and acts so much like a human, would only have small genetic differences.  For instance, like a human and a Neanderthal.  We could determine, if it was a human, how long we had been separated—or, if not a human, how closely we were related.  But this creature is pure alien.  It is not human, and it is not even remotely related to us.  Humans are more closely related to some of the strange creatures that have been dragged up from the bottom of the ocean than we are to that specimen in my lab.”
“Tammy, are you sure that something else isn’t going on?  Aspiria is so human-like.  She is exactly like a human on every level.  Are you sure it is not a mistake?” asked Mike.
“I thought that for a second too—but an exact match—I mean, an exact match—from the first test to the second, and everyone else had an exact match, as well.  The machine is working marvelously.  Plus, it makes sense now about the viruses.  Viruses only work on species that are closely related to them, genetically.  In fact, they rely on the genetic code within the cell that they infect to reproduce.  Viruses that infect human cells require human DNA.  This creature does not have human DNA, or anything even remotely similar; therefore, our viruses can have no effect on its cells.  Bacteria, on the other hand, don’t require a specific DNA: they are working on the next level of the cell; the phonotypical level.  If the phenotype is within range, they can infect it.  This creature is phenotypically human, or as human-like as can be.  It is genetically alien, and phenotypically human.”
“How is this possible?” asked Steve
Blank stares surrounded him.  “Aspiria’s an alien,” said Bob somberly and broke the silence.  This thought seemed to occur to him for the first time since he first saw her and feared to tranquilize her.  “How can she eat our food?  Won’t it make her sick?”
“This specimen requires the same things that we do in its nutrition: fats, proteins, and carbohydrates.  It doesn’t matter what the genetic makeup of the food we eat is.  The creature is doing just fine on our food sources.”
“I don’t see how it is possible that she is just like us, but doesn’t have our genes.  I thought that our genes make us how we are.  If she doesn’t have our genes, how can she be like us?  Something is not right here.”  Kenny actually sounded irritated as he said this, and that was not typical for Kenny.  But, he was astounded, and he felt like the carpet had been pulled from under his feet.
“I think I get it!” said James.  “It’s like a book.  What if you had two copies of a book—one in English, and the other in, say, French?  It’s the same book; if you could read both English and French, and you read both books, they would be the same story.  The story is the phenotype.  The phenotype is the same.  The letters on the page are the DNA.  Both English and French have the same letters, the same DNA.  But the language itself is completely different, the genes.  However, the story is the same, the phenotype.  If you didn’t know French, and only knew English, they would look like completely different books.  But if you knew how to read both, the story would be exactly the same.”
“Are you saying that Aspiria is a human, just a different genetic translation of a human?” asked Mike.
“I don’t know about that.  I know she is human-like.  I mean she is completely human-like.  But, as far as I’m concerned, she can’t be human without human genes,” said James.
“Tammy, could her species breed with humans—with earthlings?” asked Kenny.
“No, I checked for the possibility of fertilization, as well.  The two genetic codes are completely incompatible.  This is a completely alien species, and there can be no interbreeding between them and humans.” She glanced at Steve and gave him a dirty look.  Tammy had been extremely occupied over the past couple of weeks, but it had not gone unnoticed: all of the time that Steve was spending with Aspiria—not to mention how much they both seemed to be enjoying themselves.  She had also noticed, in general, that she was not the female that was getting the most attention on this ship.  Aspiria had turned every man’s head, and because of that and her workload she was not getting the attention that she had been used to.  Still, she was not truly jealous.   She was not uncomfortable in her relationship with Steve—but he deserved, at least, a dirty look.
No reaction from Steve, though.  He looked lost in thought.  She turned back to the rest, who were beginning to debate and consider the new revelation.  Danny walked in, and said, “I think Aspiria is getting used to my cooking.  I think she likes the meatloaf.”  The others began to inform Danny about Aspiria’s genetics.
Steve felt a tinge of concern.  They were all, that is all the humans, in the dining area.  The alien was left alone.  Security measures had been relaxed greatly over the past few days.  It was his fault.  He had begun to feel very unconcerned in regards to that.  He almost told Danny to go back and stand guard, but thought better of it.  If, with the new information, he jumped back into high security mode, the others might become alarmed.  They might also question his choices over the past week.  Steve had been feeling bothered inside ever since he had left Aspiria a few hours previously.  He had been debating as to whether or not he would let her go on a walk outside of the lab.  He was concerned that she had made that request—partly because he felt it represented a new attitude on her part—She doesn’t know her place—and partly, because he had not offered this, and other comforts to her.  She had been completely compliant with everything.  She had never posed the slightest bad attitude or brought any concern.  She was even becoming his friend.
Steve didn’t have feelings for Aspiria that were similar to the feelings that he had for Tammy.  Sure, she was beautiful, but over the past few days, he was seeing her for the person that she was, and not her external beauty.  Person?—but she’s not a person, he thought.  Still, he did have feelings for her.  The closest that he could compare them to, was the way he felt for his departed mother.  Aspiria reminded him of his mother, especially as she tried to teach him her language.  It was both her way, and the loving kindness that simply emanated from her being.
He had already decided that he would take her for a walk around the ship the next day.  But now this news, as to how genetically alien she was, had cut him to the core.  He began to distaste the good feelings that he had felt for her.  In fact, a feeling of enmity was beginning to swell within his breast.  He started to see everything in a new light and from a different perspective.  She sure is curious about our language.  She’s dedicated to learning everything.  Yeah, she’s sharing information, too.  But that may be so that she can learn more.  She has everyone, including me, wrapped around her finger.  She gets whatever she wants.  We’ve already let down most of our guards.  She pays so much attention.  Sometimes I’m shocked at what she has discovered about us.  I think she knows more about us, than we know of her.
Beyond this, he was concerned about Central Command.  He had been in talk with his superiors daily.  So far, they were giving him a lot of rope.  They had been pleased about everything, except the failure of the initial genetic testing.  The prevailing thought was that this was a human or near-human colony.  Far-flung space travel, though new to earth, had always been possible; and so, although unsuspected up until this point, it appeared to have been going on from before.  Because Aspiria had been willing to share so much, they were okay with the guard being let down to some extent.  Trust often brought more than force or torture did.  But when the genetic results became known, it would be clear that this was a completely alien species.  They were not connected with earth or humans in any way.  The ground rules would be different.  Not only would they have to be more careful, but in all likelihood additional ships would be dispatched.  As interesting as a colony of humans on a distant planet was, it would now be more interesting that they were actually unrelated aliens.  Steve was very concerned about his place in history, and how his handling of this mission would be perceived.
Whether or not to take Aspiria on a walk around the ship seemed pretty small compared to his other worries.  No, she, or it, won’t be going on any walks around this ship.  I’m going to tighten the guard.  We’ll continue to get as much information as we can, but we will have to minimize how much info we give to her, he resolved.



Chapter 25





Steve stopped short as he walked into the lab.  Tammy was at work, as expected.  But Aspiria was standing next to her, and not in her cell.  Plus, Aspiria was wearing a dress—but not her dress.  Her hair was styled, he could see from the back.  The woman turned around as he walked into the room.  Aspiria looked stunning!—even compared to her usual beauty.  
“I let Aspiria borrow my cosmetics and hair dryer, and I let her borrow my dress.  How does she look?” said Tammy with pleasure.
Aspiria smiled—she was actually glowing.  “She looks… uh, great—really great.”  Steve looked at Tammy in amazement.  What is going on here? he thought.  Tammy has never treated Aspiria as more than a subject in her experiment.  She treats Aspiria as a caged animal.  I’ve never even heard Tammy refer to Aspiria by anything other than: it, or that creature, or that specimen.  Now she is hanging out with her, letting her use her make-up and her dress?  And this, after we just got the results.  This is an alien creature.  Now she’s treating her like a lady?
“Aspiria and I were talking last night.  She said that she was hoping to go on a walk, out of the lab.  She told me that she asked you yesterday, but that you told her, ‘not today.’  I told Aspiria that you were probably too busy yesterday, but that you might let her today.  She was excited, and I thought that we should get her dressed up for her tour.”  As Tammy explained, Aspiria looked on, still beaming.
Steve was dumbfounded, to put it mildly.  Tammy was conscious of the change in her demeanor towards Aspiria, but not fully.  She had dreamed of the moment of discovering an alien life form, and was beside herself when the moment of examination began.  However, when this creature, from an alien world, seemingly turned out to be no more than a highly attractive woman, she felt threatened.  Not directly by the ‘woman,’ but more by the situation.  Discovering an alien world and examining an inhabitant would certainly seal her place in scientific history.  But the degree to which it that would be lessened—by the fact that the alien was a human—was beyond devastating to her.
Deep inside, she could not allow herself to project anything other than inhuman respect towards this creature.  Subconsciously she was holding on to her alien, no matter what the physical findings had shown.  If she treated it, and discussed it as an alien, perhaps it would be so.  
In addition to this, Tammy had enjoyed all of the attentions of being a very attractive woman on a crew of men.  Sure, she was only in a relationship with Steve, but she still enjoyed her favored status.  From the moment that Aspiria had gained consciousness, it was clear that she had been relegated to second place.  Now, of course, any alien would have been the most interesting creature on board, and she accepted that.  But this alien was getting the attention for more than the fact she was an alien.  The men were mesmerized by her.  She did not doubt Steve’s devotion and affection towards her, nor did she disagree with the value of him learning to communicate with Aspiria; but she didn’t appreciate just how much he was enjoying himself.  Tammy was not overtly jealous, but she had some jealous feelings, and it added to her need to treat Aspiria with coldness.  Add to this the stress of her supposed equipment malfunction, the countless hours of work, and just feeling emotionally off—she had no reason to become girlfriends with Aspiria. 
Everything changed yesterday with the results of the test.  Aspiria was a bona fide alien!  She was the real deal!  Tammy had everything that she could have ever wanted.  Her place in scientific history was secure.  She was likely to be world-renowned—beyond the scientific community.  At first blush it might’ve seemed that a strange—non-humanoid—alien creature would garner more worldwide attention.  But, as she considered it, Aspiria could not be improved upon.  One hundred percent human-like, and yet completely alien—beautiful beyond measure—as beautiful as the most beautiful human being.  And, this alien’s personality—it was magnetic.  Aspiria would be the most intriguing thing that could possibly be brought back from outer space.  The world would love Aspiria, and Aspiria was hers.  Every bit of love and adoration that the world would show to Aspiria, Tammy could call her own.
As far as the men on the ship went, let them be mesmerized by her.  Tammy could now own that as well.  Aspiria was not a woman, she was an alien.  So whatever attention or adoration that was bestowed upon Aspiria didn’t count.  Tammy was still the woman on this ship that was getting the most attention.  Of course, the ship would be fascinated by the alien; that was bound to be the case.  Let them be fascinated—even Steve—what was wrong with that?  There was no one here to be threatened by.  The more the men were intrigued by Aspiria, the more this case study showed how the world would also be fascinated by her.
Tammy was overjoyed.  She felt a profound sense of relief as she had walked back to the lab the night before.  Aspiria was the most prized possession in the entire universe, and Tammy was swelling with this newfound affection towards her.  As she walked into the lab, she walked over towards Aspiria.  She had not focused on Aspiria’s countenance in the past, but she had gleamed enough to know that Aspiria was down.  She had begun to talk with her, something that she had not attempted in the past—other than short commands.  She was amazed at how well Aspiria was already communicating in English.  Aspiria warmed up to her rather quickly as she tried to acquaint herself with her.  She discovered that Aspiria loved to go on walks, and that Steve had told her no.
Tammy looked at this beautiful creature, and saw that she, though clean, was not being allowed to keep herself.  She was showing some signs of her captivity.  She was wearing this on her face, though her beauty disguised it to a large extent.  It was time to help Aspiria get her glow back.  A make-over couldn’t change the fact that she was in captivity, but it couldn’t hurt, either.  Aspiria enjoyed the make-over as much as any woman could.  They laughed, and talked, and had fun together.  The first dress that Tammy had brought for Aspiria was short, cut low on top, and with skinny straps.  She learned quickly that this alien had, what Tammy considered, fairly antiquated ideas of modesty.  But, she found a nice gray dress that Aspiria, not only found acceptable, but that she was in love with.  Aspiria had been ready for only a few minutes, when Steve walked in.
“Is it okay if we all go on a walk together?” Tammy asked, breaking the silence.  
“Yes,” was the only word he could muster.  He had been over powered by this one—two punch.  Aspiria smiled angelically, but with an increased air of submission.  Tammy caught Aspiria’s arm, in a friendly and not in a controlling manor, and they began to walk towards the door.  Steve turned to go also, and he led the way to the door.  “Are you excited to see the ship?” he asked, trying to pull his chin from off of the floor.
Aspiria’s command of the English language was amazing, for how short of a time that she had been working on it.  But, she did not seem to comprehend the word, ‘ship.’  “Ship?” she said and looked towards Tammy.
“You’ll see,” said Tammy smiling.
The threesome walked out into the corridor and turned to the left.  Steve fell in line with the two women, such that Aspiria was in the middle and on his right.  He was still not feeling conversational, so the group walked for several steps in silence.  Footsteps could be heard coming towards them.  In a few moments Mike could be seen walking into the corridor.
Mike stopped short when he saw them, and stared at Aspiria.  Steve couldn’t tell if he was shocked by the obvious security breach, or if he was taken away by Aspiria’s beauty.
“What do you think?” asked Tammy indicating Aspiria.
“Wow!” he exclaimed.
Aspiria smiled and gave a little curtsey.  It is shocking how easy it is to forget that she isn’t human, thought Steve.  The way that she carries herself, even that little curtsey—it’s not modern, but it is somehow timeless.  If I hadn’t picked her up on an alien world, and seen her genetic report, I’d never believe that she is anything other than a classic woman.  Aspiria is pure class!
Mike didn’t say anything else, but he gave the group room to pass by.  As they passed, he turned his head and continued to watch.  He lifted his eyebrows and slowly shook his head as they left his view.  “Wow is all I’ve got to say!” he muttered under his breath.  No, Mike, at least for the moment, didn’t have security on his mind at all.
The group turned to the right and entered a darker hall.  Aspiria was all eyes.  She was engaged by everything she saw.  Her spirits had truly been lifted by the opportunity to get made up today.  Her heart continued to be heavy, but her spirit was definitely lifted.  She felt a hope that she had not felt before.  She felt that, although Steve was the Captain, her fate was in Tammy’s hands.  Until last night she had not had anything other than cool or cold interaction with Tammy.  For the first time, Tammy was warm and kind.  The idea that Tammy would give her so many things—things she could not have even wished for—was unbelievable.  Maybe Tammy had gotten what she needed, and she was now going to be open to what Aspiria needed: to get back to her family.  At least, this kindness showed that there was an opening— some hope.  The strangeness of her surroundings began to give Aspiria the impression that they were underground.  Aspiria was trying to figure out how to ask this, when a scene so shocking befell her eyes that all she could do was gasp.
Both Steve and Tammy looked at Aspiria in wonderment.  Aspiria had gasped and then stopped.  Her hands went over her mouth, and all of the color left her face.  Steve could see her start to shake.  As he looked to where she was looking, he noticed the large observation window.  It was lit up with the most glorious view of the planet that they were orbiting—Aspiria’s home world.   Aspiria began to walk forward towards it, in a trancelike motion.  She stopped a few feet from the large window, where the view of her world filled her entire field of vision.  Tammy and Steve advanced some, but stopped several feet behind her.
Slowly, Aspiria walked up to the window, put her hands on the pane, and leaned in, carrying some of her weight by her hands.  She did not appear to blink.  The expression on her face was complete awe.  Steve thought, She has probably never seen a view like this before.  Even though I had seen pictures, I remember how amazing it was when I first looked at the earth from space.  After what seemed like a long time she turned towards Steve and Tammy.  The look on her face was something entirely different.  It was the look of fear mingled with disillusion—and anger.  
“This is my world?” she asked.
Steve nodded his head.  A sickening feeling began to develop within him.  Aspiria turned back to the window, and slowly sunk to her knees, with her hands still on the window.  It had never occurred to Steve that she did not know where she was.  She knew that she had been captured, but she was unconscious as she was brought onto the ship.  For the first few days she had seen the crew in space suits every day.  But she didn’t know what space suits were.  There were no windows in the lab.  The ship was exceedingly quiet; there was no hum from the engines.  There had been no feeling of motion.  Aspiria thought that she was on her world.  Someone strange had taken her, but not someone from another world.  To her they were foreign, not alien.
He sensed a convergence with her feelings now, a convergence with the feelings that he had felt the night before.  The look in her eye told him so much.  He and Aspiria had built a rapport over the past several days, yet when he knew that she was an alien, his good feelings had turned completely sour.  Love had turned to hatred; friendship to enmity.  He wanted to rid himself from anything that resembled kinship with her.  She was not what she seemed; he was not going to be sucked into this perception that she was like him.  
Now he sensed what she was feeling.  She could know nothing about other worlds, or the ability of beings from other worlds to travel between them.  She could not even comprehend being in a ship—orbiting a planet.  Yet she was staring out of the window of a spacecraft at her own world.  Did she think that we are from her world too?  No, she asked if, ‘This is my world,’ not ‘our world.’  Everything she could imagine was changing at this very instant.  There were beings from another world that could travel in space, and they had found her, her world, and her people.  The sickness inside of him increased exponentially as she realized that these space travelers had come to take her, to test her, to experiment on her, and to learn all that they could from her, about her world and her people.  They did not have any of her interests at heart.  They were using her to get what they wanted.  And he was they.  He had drugged her and taken her away.  He allowed any and every experiment to be done to her.  He had allowed her to be exposed to his antibiotic-resistant bacteria.  He had never asked if she had a family, or friends, or a husband, or children.  Now she knew what he was and what he had done to her.
Whatever she had thought before, it was infinitely worse now.  Somehow he thought that she understood before, but she did not know the half of it.  She had overcome her fears, and had tried to communicate—to understand her circumstances.  She had cooperated and been kind.  She had brought life, charm, and excitement to the ship and crew.  She was giving humankind the greatest of gifts of knowledge.  She had dealt with her circumstances with dignity and strength.  The look that she had given to him and Tammy told so much.  “You are not who you seemed to be,” it seemed to say.  “I am in a much worse situation than I could have possibly imagined.  I have given you so much—in hopes that I may be returned to my home; in so doing I have compromised my home and my people.  If this is how you treat me—take me and tell me nothing—what will you do to my world?  What more are you going to do to me?—to take from me?  Why is all of this happening?” she must be thinking.
Steve began to feel a deep sense of remorse.  He had never really allowed himself to consider that his actions were anything other than noble, up to this point.  He was a discoverer and was doing as discoverers do.  He was protecting his home, his people, and his way of life.  Aspiria and her people were a possible threat.  Shouldn’t he do what he could to protect all that was his?  If there was a world of intelligent beings out there, and we discover them first, then shouldn’t we be on the offense?  Shouldn’t we find out all that we can about them, before they discover us?  Shouldn’t we win?  But now he was staring at the object of his quest.  He was also staring at beauty, innocence, purity, elegance, and everything good.  Aspiria did not represent a threat to his people or to his world.  She represented hope.  Yet, he felt inside that he did not represent that to her.  He did not represent goodness, or any of it.  He represented cowardice, evil, and thievery.  He felt ashamed, and he began to feel the pain that she was feeling.  
He looked over at Tammy, and tried to read her expression.  Tammy looked concerned, but not overly so.  Aspiria was starting to sob now, and she was not making any attempt to hold it back.  Her head had dropped and was leaning against the window.  She slowly turned, and sat up with her back against the window.  She seemed to have lost all of her strength and all of her control.  What could he do to console her?  What she was feeling was not exaggerated.  Tammy walked up and sat by Aspiria.  She slowly put her arm around her shoulder and held her.  “You didn’t know where you were, did you?”
Aspiria shook her head and continued to sob.  “You didn’t know who we were.”  Aspiria continued to sob, but she allowed Tammy to hold her and accepted the comfort that she tried to give.  Over a period of several minutes her sobbing began to soften.  She had looked so beautiful only minutes before, and now she was tear stained—her make-up was running, her nose running, and her eyes were swollen.  Her face had the wearied look of someone who had been through the worst of a war.  Yet, through it all, she accepted Tammy’s attempt at consolation.  She did not lash out, and she did not try to distance herself from them, as Steve had wanted to do the day before.  She was still an angel in every way, but now an angel who had been abused, and was showing the effects of her battering.  
The only consolation for Steve was that Tammy had witnessed this too, and that she too seemed to understand.  Together, they could solve the dilemma that was in front of him.  What he had just witnessed, he did not know how to put into a report.  How could he describe a people that were good, and presented no harm to him or to his world?  Perhaps, not everyone was like her.  But the only sample he had, indicated the best that a creature could be.
“When do I return?” Aspiria muttered when she had composed herself enough to speak.  She looked at Tammy, and then at Steve.
“In time,” Steve replied with hesitation.
She took him at his word; what else could she do?  She nodded, as she tried to take deep breaths and regain her composure.  Tammy did not look at Steve, nor acknowledge his reply.  She continued to hold her, and rub her shoulders.  Steve wanted to leave, and let the women sort this out together.  But he thought that it would be unsafe for Tammy.  He couldn’t believe Aspiria capable of any violence, yet he couldn’t justify not accepting the possibility of it, especially in her current state.  As Aspiria began to regain her presence, he felt some peace returning to his soul.  He also felt his love for Tammy deepen.  He had never witnessed her loving nature, except when expressed to him.  He admired her more, and appreciated this aspect of her feminine charm.  His world really was better with Tammy.  Even these difficulties that lied in front of him, could be worked through with Tammy by his side.  It would all be okay. 



Chapter 26





For the next two days, Tammy suggested that Steve only come in periodically to check on things in the lab.  She didn’t think that Aspiria, or he, would be up to their regular exercises.  Tammy continued to let Aspiria take time to make herself up, and she continued to share her cosmetics and clothes with her.  Tammy and Aspiria talked, but Aspiria was not as open as she had been before.  Tammy did not pry, and instead opened up more with Aspiria.  She told her about the earth and many things about her culture.  She talked about her family.  Aspiria listened, with particular interest, when Tammy discussed her family.  Towards the end of the second day, Aspiria shared, for the first time, that she had a husband and a son.  Tears came to her eyes again as she talked of her love and concern for them.  She asked if there were other ships, and if others had been taken.  Tammy assured her that her family was fine, and that this was the only ship.  
Aspiria had many questions, but she was careful to not share, or ask too much.  Still, to the extent that she had cooperated with these people from another world, they had been more open with her.  She was living much more comfortably among them now.  She still slept in her cell, and certainly she did not have free reign throughout the ship, but she was no longer under constant surveillance.  Instead, she was treated with respect and kindness.  She still felt that her welfare and destiny was controlled by Tammy, even more than by Steve.  She wanted to bond with Tammy as much as possible.  Aspiria genuinely liked her, though she felt very concerned about some of Tammy’s cultural norms.  When Aspiria expressed some shock or concern, Tammy seemed to smile at her condescendingly.  
The next day, Steve decided to return to the lab and continue working with her on their languages.  He came in and grabbed the tablet.  Aspiria’s language had improved over the past two days which she had spent talking with Tammy.  Aspiria was back in her own dress, but she had spent time on her hair and make-up; her countenance had improved significantly.  They worked together for a couple of hours.  Neither Steve, nor Aspiria, worked as intensely as they had before.  Still, progress was made.  Steve worked on her language.  She was a little guarded at first, but slowly opened up.  Steve asked her to teach to him her family’s member’s names.  He wanted to be able to speak their names, as clearly in her language as possible.  The inflections and tones were extremely difficult, but he made some progress.  Aspiria appreciated the interest that he was taking in her family.  Danny let Steve know that lunch was ready, over the intercom.  “Bring Aspiria’s and my lunch here,” he said back.  He had never shared a meal with Aspiria before, but he didn’t want to stop.  
When he turned back to Aspiria, she was staring off into space, and seemed very deep in thought.  She began to doodle on a new page on the tablet.  She drew a small filled in circle in yellow, and then she drew a smaller blue circle to the side of it.  She made a fine black line go through the blue circle, and encircle the yellow circle.  She looked up at Steve, and said, “This is my world.”  She then drew another yellow circle on the other side of the tablet, with a blue circle and a black line through the blue circle encircling the yellow sphere.  
“This is your world,” she said as Danny walked in with their meals.  Danny looked on as she continued to draw.  She turned the color to brown and she drew a long vertical line down towards the blue circle that she had labeled, ‘your world.’  She then drew a shorter horizontal brown line about three quarters of the way up the vertical brown line and intersected it.  The two men looked on.  “Is this your world?”
Steve’s eyes narrowed, as he looked on.  He looked up at Aspiria, with a questioning expression.  “That looks like a cross,” said Danny.
“Did He live and die on your world?” she asked.  Steve began to feel a feeling that he had not experienced in a very long time—a warm sensation and a peace slowly came over him.
“Who?” he asked.
“God’s Son,” Aspiria responded.
“Yes,” said Danny.  “He did die on a cross, but He lived again.”
“Yes,” said Aspiria. “I know.”
“How do you know about that?  Have you and Tammy been talking about Jesus and religion?” asked Steve perplexed.
“No.  We have talked about your world, but not about God’s Son.  God’s Son has been to our world, and He has told us about your world.  I did not know if it was your world that He lived and died on.  I am glad to know that you are from His world.”
“You know about our world?” asked Steve.
“I know about a world that killed God’s Son.  If that is your world, I know that about your world.  I didn’t know if that world was your world.”
“What do you know about our world?” asked Steve again.  
“I know that He came among His people.  He chose twelve great men.  He died for all of the worlds.  His own people killed Him.  I know that your world has very good people—and very bad people.”
“Danny, have you been talking with Aspiria about Christianity?”
“No, sir.  But I want to now.  I know that He died for the entire world, but I didn’t know that it was for all worlds.  I didn’t know that there were other worlds until we found yours, Aspiria.”
“There are many worlds, Danny.  God’s Son has visited many worlds.  He can only spend a short time on the worlds.  He spent a long time on your world.  He did great things on your world.  My world would love to know all that your world knows about Him.”
Tears began to well in Danny’s eyes.  Here was a man who never shown emotion.  He was touched.  His heart burned within him.  “I have a Bible; may I bring it now and show it to her?  It has pictures in it.  I could show her pictures of Jesus, and where He lived.  I could read it to her.”
Steve felt a kind of warmth inside that he had not felt since he was a child.  He nodded to Danny and looked at Aspiria.  She smiled warmly.  There was so much more to her than what he had perceived.  
Tammy had been wandering in and out of the lab.  She had not taken any interest in any of the morning’s proceedings with Steve and Aspiria.  Unnoticed by Steve, she had taken some of her own blood, and had been running tests.  After a machine beeped, Tammy had just entered the lab again, and gone over to the machine.  She read the results, and then put her hands on the counter, bowed her head and leaned on the counter for several moments.  “Steve, we need to talk.”
Steve was in a particular mental state, such that he didn’t really hear Tammy at first.  It took him a few seconds to recognize that Tammy was speaking to him.  “Oh, Tammy, what’s going on?” he said as he turned towards her in his chair.
“I need to talk with you privately,” said Tammy.  Not with her authoritative non-negotiable tone, but in a meek and more submissive manner.
Danny had not left yet.  He was just preparing to do so.  “Danny, take Aspiria with you.  I’m sure that she would love to look at your Bible with you.”  
This was only the second time that Aspiria would be leaving the lab.  The last time didn’t go so well for her.  Her heart rate picked up at the mention.  She was conscious of the physiological response, but she couldn’t imagine anything else that would bring on such a reaction as her last visit out of the lab.  She got up dutifully and went with Danny.
When the footsteps were no longer audible in the corridor, Tammy walked over to Steve.  She was shaking, and had a look of fear and great concern on her face.  “I’ve not been myself lately.  For the longest time I have attributed this to the unusual circumstances that we are in, and the stress and long hours.  I’ve been on a rollercoaster of emotions, but I figured that it was reasonable.  But, I’ve been just feeling off.  I’ve been trying to figure out what has been going on.  I’ve not had a period in six weeks, but that happens sometimes in space.  Sometimes it happens with stress, as well.”
Steve was trying to listen, and he did care, but he was still distracted by the magnitude of his previous conversation.  He’d comprehended she has been stressed lately, and that wasn’t new information to him.
“So, I thought, ‘why not, I’ll check and make sure,’ and sure enough, it’s positive.”
The curious look on Steve’s face told Tammy that he didn’t get it.  “Steve, I’m pregnant.”



Chapter 27





“Four minutes until the bell,” Mark observed to himself.  It seemed like an eternity. What was he so anxious for?  The only thing that the bell represented was that he would have to go to English class.  He hated English even more than history.  His grades had been slipping the last couple of weeks.  Sheer boredom was the only reason.  Nothing in school intrigued him.  Home life was boring.  And Steve hadn’t sent him any word in a couple of months.  He had expected to hear something from his brother.  Finally he had given up hoping, but now he had nothing to anticipate in life.  Gramps was going to sleep earlier, and Mark just watched whatever stupid show was on TV.
Finally the bell rang and he could at least walk outside for a few minutes.  The weather was starting to get crisp, and he only wore a tee-shirt, but he actually enjoyed the sensation.  It wakened him a bit, and gave him a touch of life for the day.  The only thing good about English was Tess.  She was a very pretty brunette, who loved pink.  She always had something pink on.  Today it was a pink flower in her hair.  Mark and Tess hadn’t really hit it off yet, but she was at least nice to him. 
“Hey, Tess.”
“Hey, Mark.”
That was about it for today, but it was better than nothing.  Class dragged on.  Tess sat in front of Mark, and all he could do today was stare at her hair and the pink flower.  He loved those soft brown curls.  
“You are going to have a book report due by the end of the semester,”  Mark’s teacher droned.  Mark only half-listened.  ”It will be on H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds.  It’s one of the first books written about earthlings and aliens.  Both this book, and a later radio show taken from it, have caused quite a stir at times.  Today, the world is focused on alien contact again.  I’m sure that a lot of you have been following the news about the Space Force.  So, I hope that you will find this book interesting.” 
Once Mark heard the words ‘alien’, and ‘Space Force,’ his consciousness to reality returned.  He hadn’t actually heard what this was all about.  
“Hey, Tess,” he whispered.  “What’s this about aliens and the Space Force?”
“Boys,” she whispered back.
“No, really—I wasn’t listening.”
“What were you doing?”
“Checking out the flower in your hair.”
She turned briefly and scrunched her nose at him.  He shrugged and gave a half smile.
“We’ve got to read a war book about aliens, and do a book report by the end of the semester,” Tess explained.
“Awesome!”
“It’s an old book, though.”
“Oh.”
The next thing he knew, the teacher was passing out copies of the book.  They were hardback, and very worn.  Tess got one that was practically falling apart in her hands.  She had passed back a newer one to him.  “Eeeww,” she said, holding the book like it would cause her some kind of a disease.
“Here, give it to me.  I’ll trade you.”
She agreed readily, and they swapped books.  Marks book was pretty disgusting, but he didn’t care—especially since he got to make a trade with Tess.  I think that I’m going to like this book, Mark thought.  His life was currently so dull, that even this assignment was a significant pick-up.  Plus, Tess was being cool today.
School ended, and he walked home with a little spring in his step.  The cool air added to his brisk pace.  He actually considered opening the book and starting to read it as he walked in the door.  Gramps was already home, and looked like he was just settling in for some news.  “Hey, Gramps.”
“Hey’ya, Markey.  School a’right?”
“Yeah, it’s cool.  We get to read an alien book.  But we have to do a report, too.”  Mark walked into the kitchen and grabbed a soda and some chips, then sat down on the couch.  Commercials were on, but they had said that the next story was about the Space Force, so he decided to stay and listen.  
“Speculation has been rampant for weeks about the Space Force finding something.  Officials have been on high alert, and have been extra quiet with reporters.  Today the Vice President said that they are monitoring a life form very closely, in a speech to supporters.  It was an apparent slip of the tongue, and the White House has been dialing those comments back all afternoon,” said the talking head on TV.
“This ‘ere guy—he’s worse’n that idiot Joe Biden, back when I were a kid.” Ryan said to no one in particular, as he shook his head and put a bite of his burrito in his mouth.
“I’m hearing that the White House is putting together a press conference for tomorrow morning.  We are getting reports of much interest and concern, both from the scientific community and the general public.”
“I’d don’t think they’ve got nothin’,” said Ryan out loud, but not necessarily towards Mark.
“What if they did, Gramps?  What if it’s Steve!  Steve will take them out!”
“If they’d got anythin’, it’s probably some mold growing on some rock.”
“—maybe some kind of killer alien mold.”
“Na—j’st mold—nothin’ more.”
Mark was feeling excited inside.  He continued to watch the news.  They had no clue.  They were talking to experts that had no clue.  Then they brought in analyzers to analyze the experts who also had no clue.  It was all entertaining anyway.  Alien fascination was always simmering these days.  Sometimes it would bubble up, and today was one of those days.  
“The crews of the ZX-120’s seem to be on a communication lock down.  We are yet to talk with any families of crew members that have received any communication in weeks.  Space Force command is giving out ‘no comments,’ like trick-or-treat candy.  Whatever is going on, we can expect some answers tomorrow,” said someone on the TV.
“Ya w’nt a burrito, Markey?” asked his gramps.
He was still a little hungry, but another burrito sounded awful to him.  “No.  I’ll get something later.”  The news was starting to get on his nerves, so he got up and went to his room.  He thought about starting his book, and even pulled it out of his pack.  But it really was gross, and there were a lot of words—and no pictures.  Instead he reached for his new Space Patrol comic book.  Micro aliens were getting sprayed by the Space Patrol on the front cover.  It wasn’t that great the first time, but he was much more in the mood right now.  As he thumbed through the pages, his thoughts turned to Steve.  
Eventually, he found himself lying on the bed with the comic book on his chest.  He was gazing at the texture on the ceiling.  His eyes were open, but his mind’s eye was deep in space.  Steve had told him that he had to get good grades to be in the Space Force.  He could feel motivation oozing back into his veins.  There was something out there.  He knew it.  Steve might be right in the middle of it.  Steve was probably the top commander out there.  So he was running everything from space.  As soon as he could, he would join him out there.



Chapter 28





“Who’s running against you?” Roloff asked Seryen.
“Bastian.”
“Oh,” said Roloff, trying to show some interest in the conversation.  Roloff was not running for re-election anymore.  He wasn’t even acting in his office of Mayor, though he hadn’t resigned.  Seryen was acting as Mayor, and counseling with Roloff.  Seryen would have never run as Mayor, as long as Roloff was running.  Not because he could never defeat Roloff, though he certainly could not have, but because of his great love and respect for him.  Bastian would have never run against Roloff either, but that was simply because he would not win against Roloff.  Bastian would not consider doing anything that he was not certain to succeed in.
“Is there anything that I can get for you, or do for you, Roloff?”
“No.  We are making do.”
“Prianna wanted me to ask you and Caryell to come over for dinner tonight.”
“She is so kind.  You both are.  Caryell will be staying with a friend tonight.  I will be going on a walk.  I need some time alone.  I appreciate all that you and the great people here have done for me—the meals, the friendship, the company, all of the search teams—especially the prayers.  I can feel the love and support.  But tonight I need to be alone.  I may be back very late.  Please tell Prianna how much I do appreciate her.”
“I will.  If you change your mind, we will set out an extra plate.  Prianna loves Aspiria very much; we both do.  She would do anything for her.  If we can be of service to you and Caryell, please don’t hesitate to ask.  How is Caryell doing?”
Roloff bowed and shook his head.  “He’s a strength to me.  I know that he thinks it’s his fault…it is not his fault.  He just misses her so much.  If he had been with her, they may both be gone.  He is doing better, though.  He has not lost faith.  I know that he carries out his own searches.”
Seryen bade his friend farewell.  
Roloff sat in silent contemplation.  His hurt had not lessened at all.  He missed his wife deeply.  The pain was so strong, that sometimes he felt numbness come over him.  Today he felt numb.  He had barely left the house, except to go on searches.  He attended church, and went to various members of the community when invited for meals.  He had not gone on a walk, a real walk, since the time he had gone to the hill with Aspiria.  Tonight he wanted to go up there alone.  He needed to reflect, to pray, and perhaps to cry.  It was good for Caryell to be with friends.  They made his life seem normal.  Roloff tried to show Caryell strength, but it was forced, and Caryell could see through it.  Roloff felt that Caryell was being brought down by him.  Tonight, perhaps, he could just be a boy.
After some time, Roloff set off on his lonely walk.  The joys that he usually felt on his walks would not come to him.  Still, he plodded along.  Perhaps at least some of that peace would come with time.  He felt more tired than he usually did.  His physical strength and endurance had weakened.  He was not the presence that he had once been, such a short time ago.  The hole in his life that Aspiria had filled was bigger than even he could have imagined.  His longing increased as he walked along.  Momentarily, he reconsidered his journey that evening.  Perhaps he was not up to it, physically or emotionally.  No, he would go forward.  He would only feel worse going back home to an empty house.  The sun was setting earlier now, and to him the blanket of darkness was a comfort.  He could avoid looking at himself in his mind’s eye.
The air was not quite chilly, but a quick breeze caused him to shudder.  He wandered along the path, and began to see the silhouette of the hill in the distance.  He shuddered again, but this time from his bitter sweet memories.  He never went to the hill alone anymore.  He always had his choice companion by his side.  A brief but unrealistic hope, perhaps a fantasy, allowed him to consider that she would be up there.  He would find her there.  She was fine, and all was well again.  The thoughts brightened his mood momentarily, but then the ridiculousness of them brought a greater sickening to his already dreadful mood.  Still, she was there.  She would always be there.  Some of his choicest moments with her were spent on that hill, and she would always be there.
As he reached the top of the hill, he could see the bright lights of the city off in the distance.  The air had now become chilly, and another small breeze could be felt.  The coolness of the air and the darkness of the night helped him feel more alive, and less numb.  I’m so glad that she got to see this view, he thought, or perhaps even said out loud.  He gazed for a long time, folding his arms around his chest both to offer some protection from the chill, and to comfort himself.
His eyes caught hold of a vision of her.  It was their last time together.  He could see her eyes, her hair, and her smile.  Even the vision could not match her real beauty, though.  He began to hear her voice as she sweetly sang.  He could almost feel her touch as he danced with her in his mind.  It was so real, and so memorable.  It was his last significant memory with her.  He began to shudder more, and the cool air was only the catalyst.  Roloff never cried.  But tonight he did.  He did not hold back, and he did not want to hold back.  He began to cry harder and harder.  It was a strange sensation to him.  At first it made his hurt increase.  The more he cried, the worse he felt and the harder he cried.  He felt like he was digging himself into an emotional hole that he would never have the power to be uplifted from.  The bottom was reached, however, and eventually he felt with bitterness some relief from his sting.  He felt angry at the bit of comfort he felt.  These tears were doing nothing for her, so why should he feel any better?  At least his eyes burned, and his head ached.  At least the crying brought some physical pain to make up for the emotional relief.
He had never prayed so much in his life, since the moment he first learned of Aspiria’s disappearance.  He saw manifestation after manifestation of the prayers being answered.  The help of the community was even more than he would have imagined.  But the one prayer; the singular prayer: that Aspiria was well—he had not received the answer to.  Yes, he wanted her back, but more than anything he wanted her to be well.  He needed to know: is she alive?—is she safe?  He kneeled down, and prayed vocally for a time.  He did not feel that the words of his prayer were ascending on high.  He felt that they were somehow tethered to him and that the further that he cast them, the harder they came back at him and hit him.  He felt no peace, no reassurance, and no hope.  But he continued to pray.  The vocalization slowly became a whisper, and then he only mouthed the words.  Monumental minutes passed by.  He became aware that his prayer was bringing a soothing sensation to his being.  He wanted to fight this, but could not.  He was feeling soothed.  He did not know if he was feeling God’s love for him, or if he was being given a reassurance; he prayed on.  He felt a touch of eloquence to the words of his prayer, and he felt that his thoughts were being guided.  This strengthened him and his resolve as he prayed.  For the first time since Aspiria was gone, he felt connected with heaven.  Gratitude began to fill his being.  The hole that was in him, that was an open wound, was being given balm.  The healing was not complete, but it was beginning.  God loved him, this much he knew.  But he still did not know if his dear Aspiria was well.
Throughout the prayer, the words were only traveling in one direction; they were emanating from him.  The communication that he was receiving was spiritual comfort only.  But, he was interrupted.  Words were addressed to him.  What were they?  He quieted his mind, “Open your eyes.”  It was soft; did he hear it or feel it?  Then again, “Open your eyes.”  He opened his eyes without closing his prayer.  They were blurry from the tears, and from them being closed so tight.  Then he saw it: the star—the shooting star again.  What was this?—a sign?  He blinked and continued to look on.  That can’t be a shooting star.  It is still crossing the sky.  Then a feeling came over him.  Aspiria!  She’s there!  The feeling overcame him.  His mind was the clearest it had been in weeks.  His heart began to race.  He felt a spiritual assurance.  She’s alive!  She’s in that light racing across the sky.  He knew in his heart this truth, as much as he knew that he was alive.
He watched until the light disappeared, and a pang entered his heart that was swelling.  Still, his heart burned.  He felt hope, excitement, wonderment, and amazement all building within him.  As he continued to gaze at the sky, the how and the why began to plague him.  It’s a vessel of some sort.  It’s been there for a while; Aspiria and I saw it the last time we were here.  It was only a few days after we first saw it that she was taken.  The clarity of his mind was in overdrive.  All of the tracks led to and from that hard rocky clearing.  What if this vessel had landed on that spot?  There were some strange tracks that could have been from a vessel of some sort.  It would explain how everything seemed to emanate and disappear from that spot.  Whoever is on that vessel could have landed, taken my Aspiria, and then gone back to encircling this planet.  They were here before, they are here now.  I know that Aspiria is there!  Yes, they were going to take the deer, but then she came over.  Maybe when they drugged her, they were afraid to leave her.  Whatever the reason, I know where my Aspiria is.  She is alive, I can feel it!  Hope and understanding filled his breast.  He bowed his head and uttered these words: “I thank thee; I thank thee with all my heart.  I thank thee; please let me know what to do now.”
His strength had returned.  He did not feel any fatigue or any fear.  He felt excitement and joy.  At first he wanted to broadcast his enlightenment to the world.  He nearly ran, but realized that the town would be sleeping; there was nothing that he could do about all of this tonight.  Eventually he settled into a brisk walk.  The reality of the situation began to condensate upon him.  Who has such a vessel?  His world was fairly primitive.  The city to which he had looked over this evening was the only place in the world that currently had electrical power—there, and the few towns near it, like his own.  We don’t have the power or understanding to send a craft into space.  This world does not possess that capacity.  These must be travelers from another world.  They were men—that much was sure; he could tell just from the footprints.  But they must be men from another world.  Why are they here?  What do they want with us?  What do they want with Aspiria?  Why won’t they bring her back now?  I’m sure the drug has worn off.  They are still here though, and they have not traveled back to their world.  That much was certain.  There was plenty of hope.  
But how will we contact them?  How do we communicate with them?  If they need to have someone from our world with them, they can have me.  They need to bring Aspiria back; I will take her place if I must.  A feeling a dread began to enter his heart.  They have not mistreated her!  They would not hurt her, would they?  Perhaps they are from that world!  It’s impossible to know what the men of that world would do.  After all, look at what they did to God’s Son—they killed Him.  Of all the men in the universe, only the men from that world scared Roloff.  There were good men from that world, too.  Oh, I hope that they are not from that world!  His mind began to be a blizzard.  It had been filled with such clarity, but now the excitement, the relief, followed by the dread, and the concern, gave him an overwhelming confusion.  
Still, he trudged along at a quick pace.  How would he contact them?  What were his next moves?  Should he go home and sleep, or go to Seryen?  What proof did he have?  Would the people think that he was crazy, or incapacitated?  His home came into view, and he slowed his pace.  What should he do?  He couldn’t sleep, but he didn’t know what else to do.  He needed rest.  Perhaps the morning would bring a new perspective, and additional clarity of thought.  He was given the knowledge that he had.  Additional inspiration might come soon.  There was nothing that he could do tonight.  He would rest.  He would let Caryell rest.  Tomorrow’s dawn would truly be a new day.  Aspiria was alive, and he had seen where she was.  He knew something about her whereabouts, and that was everything in the world to him now.



Chapter 29





“Did you start the book yet?” asked Tess.
“No, did you?” Mark replied
“Yeah, it’s funny; the aliens are from Mars.”
“Mars?  That’s almost as bad as having aliens from the moon.”
“My Dad says that in those days they thought that the only planets were the ones around the sun.  They didn’t think that the other stars had planets.  So, if there were going to be aliens they would have to be from planets like Mars and Venus.”
“Oh.  So why are we reading it, then?
“Would you rather read Space Patrol comics for English?” she asked ironically, and gave him a sarcastic look.  She was wearing a pink sweater today.  Mark thought pink was a good color for her.
“Yeah!”
“Anyways, my Dad says that in those days they didn’t think that anything could travel from one star to another.  So if they wanted to have an alien book, I guess they would have to be from Mars.”
“Do you like the book?”
“It’s okay.  You need to read it…so we can talk about it.  My mom says that when you talk about a book with someone else that’s reading it, that it helps you understand it better.”
The conversation was becoming bitter-sweet.  He loved the idea that Tess wanted to talk with him about the book.  But he was feeling a little sad hearing all of this ‘Dad says’ and ‘Mom says’ business.  Gramps never said anything, except about what was on TV, and he didn’t like being reminded that he didn’t have Mom and Dad around to talk to.
“Cool, I’ll start it tonight.  If it doesn’t disintegrate in my hands, that is.  I took it out of my backpack, and was going to read last night, but it was so disgusting.”
“Yeah, thanks for letting me have the nice one.”
“It’s cool.”
“So your big brother is on the new ships, right?”
“Yep, he’s a Captain of one.  I’ll bet he’s the Captain of the ship that found the mold.”
“What mold?”
“Oh, that’s what my gramps said.  We were watching TV last night, and the Vice President said they found some life.  Gramps said if they found anything, it was just some mold.”
“Dad says that we might find out today.  That would be pretty weird if they sent all those ships out to just find mold.”
“Hey, if there is mold, then there is life out there.  So, even mold would be pretty cool.”
“I guess.”
Their English teacher didn’t mind them talking the last ten minutes of class.  She said that talking time was just as important as reading time and listening time for the development of English skills.  Tess liked to talk, and she was smart.  The other guys in the class were pretty rough, and Tess didn’t appreciate that quality.  Mark, was rough in form, but not content.  He didn’t dress or groom all that well, but he was intelligent.  He was gentle, and behind that unkempt hair was a good-looking young man.  He had a great smile and a nice demeanor.  There was no crush from Tess, but she liked him well enough.  She certainly liked him better than all the other rough boys around her.  The other girls in the class were ‘cliquey.’  They didn’t dislike Tess, they just hardly knew that she existed.  Tess had her own circle of friends, and was popular enough in her other classes.  So, Mark was in luck with English.  She liked him better, in that class, than anyone else.  Mark overall, liked her best of anyone in any of his classes.  She was easily the coolest person to him.  She treated him like he was normal and worthwhile.
As the bell rang, Mark had a renewed motivation to plow through that old book at his home.  He was excited to hear about the mold—or whatever else that the Space Force had found.  A little TV with Gramps and some dinner, then a night with his book sounded pretty good at this point.  Best yet, some conversation with Tess tomorrow.  Things were looking up, at least a little bit.  As he walked up to the apartment, he noticed that the door was open.  He could hear the TV inside.  “That’s weird,” he thought.  “Why’s the door open?” 
“Markey!  Hey, Markey, get in ‘ere.  Hurry up!”
Mark picked up the pace and came in.
“List’n up!”  The TV was so loud that he would be listening even if he didn’t want to.
“I’ll repeat.  Captain Jenners of the Space Force has discovered an inhabited world.  There are intelligent beings on this world.  They have been to the planet’s surface, and have one of these intelligent aliens on board in the research lab.  This has been confirmed by the White House.” 
Marks eyes were wide open, and his mouth was gaped.  He could feel chills running down his spine.  Gramps was pointing at the TV with a huge smile and looking at Mark.  
“It’s Steve, he found it.  Steve’s got ‘im an alien.  That’s our Steve.  He’s got it!”  Mark looked at Gramps and smiled.  He was speechless.  He had a million questions, but he couldn’t think through any of them at the moment.  It was too much.  The Space Force had done it, and it was his big brother!
“Wow.  I can’t believe it.  Oh, wow!” he repeated.  Gramps wasn’t too affectionate, but he walked over and gave Mark a hug.
“I’m orderin’ pizza.  We’re celebratin’ tonight!”
Mark tried to listen to the news.  But, between Gramps interrupting, and his mind spinning like a whirlwind, he wasn’t catching much.  From what he could tell, he had gotten the gist of what information was out there.  Apparently the White House thought that they had given enough info for one day.
This was the best news that Mark had ever gotten in his life.  He wanted to talk with someone about it.  He wanted to talk with Steve more than anything, but that was impossible.  Who else could he talk to?  After a few minutes, he thought maybe he would call Tess.  He’d never called her before, but he had her number.  Well, maybe, he thought.  
After some pizza, and some more TV, he got up the nerve.  “Hi, is this Tess?”
“Mark!  It’s your brother, right?”
“Yeah, how did you know?”
“Hey Dad—its Mark—it is his brother; I told you,” he heard her shout.  “That’s amazing.  You must be so excited.”
“Yeah, I can’t believe it.”
“I told my Dad what your grandpa said about it being mold.  We’ve been laughing about that all afternoon.”  She paused for a few minutes, and Mark could hear that someone was talking to her.  “Hey Mark, my mom says that you and your grandpa can come over for dinner tonight if you want.”
“Oh, that’s really nice, but we ordered some pizza.  We were wanting to celebrate.”
“Yeah, they’re eating pizza,” she shouted to someone.  “Okay.  Hey Mark, my mom says that you and your grandpa should come over anyway.  You don’t have to eat much, if you’re not hungry, and you can have dessert.  You’re family’s famous now.  We really want to have you over.”
“Okay,” he said hesitantly.  “Just a second, I’ll ask Gramps.”  He put the phone down, and walked into the front room.  “Hey Gramps, my friend Tess wants us to come over to her house for dinner with her family.  I told her that we had pizza, but she said her family wanted us to come anyway.  They said we can just have dessert if we want.  They’re real excited about Steve.  Can we go?”
Gramps had been in high spirits until Mark’s request.  He swallowed hard, and became fidgety.  “We’re been invited as guests?”  He had hardly ever been invited over to have dinner with anyone in his life.  The few times that it had happened, in the past, his wife had received the invite, and she practically had to drag him to go with her.  But, his mood was unlike any mood he had ever been in before.  He looked at Mark’s eyes, and saw in them a glimmer, a happiness that he had not seen before.  “Alright, get some good directions, and things.  I’ll get in a shower.”
“Hey, I can come,” he said as he got back to his room.
“Cool.”  Then addressing her mother, “Hey Mom, they’re coming,”  Back to Mark, “I’ll see you in a little bit, then.”
“Wait.  Where do you live?”  They exchanged info, and said goodbye.  Mark was almost in a daze.  This was the best day of his life.  He could not image more things going his way.
As they traveled to Tess’s home, he was aware that they were leaving familiar territory.  He had never been to the part of town with the large and nice homes.  Gramps was swallowing hard, as they drove.  He looked really nervous, but didn’t say anything.  They parked their old white beat-up pickup and Gramps turned off the car, but did not get out.  “Y’r sure this is it?”
“Yeah, this is the address.”
He took a few deep breaths, and swallowed hard then reached for the door handle.  Mark always thought that Gramps walked slowly, but he seemed to walk slower than ever before as they made their way up the slight incline, and towards the large and beautiful home.  Mark was starting to feel nervous now, too.  He wasn’t sure if it was because of Gramps, or because of the fact that he was now at Tess’s house.  He could feel his heart pounding and his hands getting sweaty.  
Gramps made it to the doorbell first and pressed it.  He then put his head down, with his hands behind his back.  He looked more fidgety and uncomfortable than Mark had ever seen before.  The door opened, and a nice-looking man with dark brown hair and bright brown eyes opened the door.  “Hello, I’m Ryan Gilmore,” he said as he held out his hand.  
Ryan Rickson held out his hand, and he told him his name.  Both Ryans seemed to be happy for the similarity.  “This is my grandson Mark.  I’m raising him after his mother, my daughter, passed—you see.”
“Please come in.”  Mark and his grandfather entered the Gilmores’ beautiful home.  
Mrs. Diane Gilmore came in to welcome them at this point.  She had a pink sweater on, as Tess had had that day.  She actually looked a lot like Tess.  I guess that is where Tess got her love of pink, Mark thought.  Tess and her younger brother Johnny came down the stairs.  She waved to Mark in a friendly manner, but didn’t say anything right away.  The family brought their guests into the living room and began a lively conversation.  They were so pleasant and easy-going that Ryan Rickson soon became more at ease.  He had never been a guest, or even treated very well by someone in this class before.  But Ryan and Diane Gilmore were so friendly that he began to be more comfortable.  He began to slip into his more rugged English, and didn’t feel judged or looked down upon.  He, too, was having one of his best days.  
The room quickly took on two distinct conversations.  Ryan Rickson and the Gilmore parents were the primary and loud discussion.  Tess and Mark were the second.  Johnny hadn’t quite warmed up, but he was getting ready to.  There was a sense of excitement in the air; a sense of celebration—like they were feasting after a victory of war.  The Gilmores were in no hurry to get to the dinner.  They seemed to be respecting the fact that their guests had eaten, but they wanted them to be able to enjoy some of the meal.  The longer they waited the more likely that would be.
Eventually, Mrs. Gilmore said apologetically, “I wish that we had invited you sooner.  I hear that you have eaten already.  Please join us, and enjoy however much you want.  At least have some dessert.”
“It smells awful nice, ma’am.  The pizza only whett’ my appetite.  I’ll be pleased to enjoy dinner with you,” said Ryan Rickson.  Mark wasn’t starving, but he had reached that age where one leg is always hollow, and another helping always has a place to go.  He had not dined in a nice manner in years.  He was very happy to enjoy the meal, as well.  
As they were seated around the table, and the food was being passed, the conversation turned to the main subject of the day: namely, the success of the Space Force and Captain Steve Jenners.  Prior to this point conversation was primarily icebreakers and pleasantries.
“Had you gotten any word, or did you find out about everything on the news today?” asked Diane.
“No, ma’am; I’d heard it myself on the news this afternoon.  I could hardly believe when they said ‘Captain Jenners.’  My Steve is a good boy, and a fine Captain, I’m sure.  But no, I’s as surprised as anyone.”
“They got an alien!” said Johnny, now ready to enter the conversation.  “I bet it is uggglyyy!  Do you think that your brother is scared of the big ugly alien on his ship?”
“Johnny!” exclaimed Tess.
“What? I bet it’s ugly.”
Mark smiled.  He liked Johnny already, and he had been wondering the same thing.  “Nah, my brother isn’t afraid of anything.  I don’t think that you can be Captain if you are scared of stuff.”
Mr. Gilmore smiled.  He too was enjoying the conversation.
“I’ll bet they’re figuring out all of their weaknesses so that they can pulverize them!”  Johnny continued, pulling a grotesque face.
“Johnny!” exclaimed his mother in faux shock.  “How do we know that they aren’t friendly?  Maybe we won’t need to pulverize them,” she said with a motherly smile.
That thought had never crossed Mark’s mind before.  Johnny snorted.  
“Nah, I don’t think there is such a thing as friendly aliens.  Besides, we captured one, so they won’t be friendly after that.  We wouldn’t be friendly to aliens that came and captured us.”  Johnny had clearly been thinking of all of the diplomatic intricacies involved in this situation; at least at the Space Patrol level.
“If they were friendly, do you think that we would have captured one?” asked Mr. Gilmore in seriousness.
“Maybe, we’d had to get un to figur’ out if it’s friendly’r not,” ventured Mr. Rickson.
“Did the news say anything about them being attacked, or being hostile?” asked Mrs. Gilmore.
“No, um… just smart, they’d said.”
“Not so smart that my brother couldn’t catch one!” Mark exclaimed to victorious laughter.
“I want to see a picture of it,” said Mr. Gilmore.
Tess shivered.  She had been a little unnerved by the conversation thus far, but the idea of seeing a picture of the grotesque and unworldly thing was a little much for her.
“You okay, honey?” asked her Mom.  
She reddened a bit, but smiled.  “I’m fine.  I just don’t want to see any pictures of it.  I think that I’m going to have enough trouble sleeping tonight as it is.  I’ve been reading this book for school about aliens that attack earth and trying to destroy us.  If these things are smart, maybe they let us capture this one as a decoy.  If we can get to them, then they can get to us, right?  So, I don’t want them coming here.  And I don’t think that I want to see them.  It’s kind of scary, you know?” Tess slumped in her seat a little and bowed her head.  She looked up at Mark, a little embarrassed, but smiled.
“I might be scared too, but I know that Steve will protect us.  If anything should be scared, it’s that alien that he’s got.  He’ll torture it, and make sure he knows everything.  No, I’m not scared.  We’re going to be just fine.”
Tess smiled, and looked physically more relaxed.  Mark spoke with such confidence that she really did feel protected.  If Steve was a confident as Mark, everything was probably just fine.
“We’re going to pulverize ‘em, before they even know what’s hit ‘em.  I’m not scared one bit!”  Johnny exclaimed, putting the finishing touches on the discussion.



Chapter 30





Roloff picked up Caryell much earlier than Caryell had expected.  His father had not said anything, but he could tell that something was different.  His father was often quiet since his mother had disappeared, but the quietness was different as they walked home.  When they got far enough away, Roloff began to speak with his son.
“I wish to speak with you about something that I don’t want for you to share with anyone just yet.  I think that I know where mother is.”  Caryell looked up at his father with a look of shock and surprise mingled with hope and concern.  “I walked to a hill last night.  I looked over the great city.  I wanted to think and to pray.  I saw a light in the sky.  I’ve seen it before.  I believe that Mother is in that light.  I believe that she is alive.”  Caryell looked concerned, but didn’t say anything; he wanted to hear more.  “I’ve told you before, that I think that men drugged her and took her.  We’ve traced the footprints to that rocky clearing, and every time the footprints disappear.  We lose their tracks.  But all around the rocky clearing, there is no sign of where they came from or where they have gone—nothing.  The clearing is not that large, and they must have come from, and gone, somewhere.  But all of the footprints originate and disappear from the clearing.  There are some strange markings on the ground, like some type of vehicle, or vessel, was there.”
Caryell was listening as intently as he could.  Something was pricking his heart as he listened, but he could not understand where his father was going just yet.  
“I know that this will sound unbelievable, my son.  Please listen.  I believe that men have traveled here from another world, in some sort of a craft; that they have been here, for a little while—I saw the light in the sky before your mother disappeared—and that they landed their craft on that rocky clearing.  They then came into the forest and shot the deer with a drug—perhaps to carry it away.  Then Mother came out and they shot her with the drug too, and they carried her back to their craft.  Then they left and are flying around our world.  I believe that she is alive and on that craft.  When I saw the light again last night, I knew that it wasn’t a shooting star.  I knew that it was a vessel.  I felt in my heart that she was there, and alive.  Caryell, I have told no one else.  It is a rather unbelievable story.  I have no proof, other than what I have told you.  But I believe that it is true.”
“Why would they come here?  Why would they take Mother with them?”
“I cannot say.”
“Will they bring her back?”
“I know no more than what I have said.  I want to travel with you to the city today.  I want to visit with your uncles—your mother’s brothers.  I need to talk with more men.  They will want to know.  I don’t know if I will be believed, but I must tell them.”
“Have you told Mr. Olefften?”
“No.  You are the first to know.  I am concerned about telling others in our town just now.  Seryen is a true friend.  I do think that he would believe me.  But, depending on how others take this story, he may be at risk of losing the election if he were to endorse such a story.  I am also worried about a story such as this causing great fear.  The people here are good, but they could become irrational.  They will need to know, when we have more information—but not just now.”
Caryell could feel his heart beating in his chest.  He wanted, more than anything, to see his mother.  He wanted her to be alive and well.  He had not given up hope of this, but he was feeling discouraged.  Now, he had a brighter glimmer of hope, but it was mingled with an extreme distaste.  When one knows nothing, all one wants is to know something—anything.  But now he knew something, and he too felt it to be true, but it brought more questions, and more anxiety.  He almost felt more discouraged now.  As his thoughts and feelings began to settle, his mind focused on the thought of travelers from other worlds coming here.  He knew that there were people on countless worlds; he had been taught this his whole life.  But it had never occurred to him that they would come here.  They have their own world, he thought.  Why would they care to come to ours?  Why would they take Mother?
“Father, would these men treat Mother well?”
“That is my hope and prayer.”
A little rage began to swell in Caryell’s breast.  The idea of these men coming and taking his mother was bad enough.  But if they mistreated her…his fists clenched.  If he had known what would have happen, and he had gotten there sooner, perhaps he could have taught these visitors a lesson.
“I know that this is disturbing, my son.  I wish that I knew more.  But God has given us this much.  We must trust in Him, and not lose faith.  It is very hard to know where she is, and not know how to reach her.  I’m sure that she is doing what she can.  She is an amazing woman.  She may be able talk with them, to convince them to let her return home.  Still, we must try to contact them.  There must be a way to communicate with them.”
Caryell could hear deep concern in his father’s voice.  He felt his father’s faith, too.  He felt a little bit of peace, and the anger subsided.  “We will see her again,” he said with assurance.  “Father, I know that we will see her again.”
“I hope that we will soon.  We must change and get ready.  I want to set off for Uncle Piori’s soon.  He is very well-connected, and I think that he will listen.  I believe that we will find more help in the city than in Arkasia.”  
As the father and son walked, the crisp morning air began to warm.  Caryell’s mind continued to wander.  His emotions wandered, too.  In some ways he felt better than he had when he had arisen this morning, but in other ways he felt worse.  The unknown seemed to offer better chances, than the reality that he now knew.  Still, he had some answers, and he did have faith.  He also felt his father’s faith, and he knew that his father was wise.  Uncle Piori was smart, too.  He would have ideas.
Soon they were on their way to the city.  It would be a long journey.  They arrived in the early evening.  Aunt Kaytil was watering flowers in the front yard.  Caryell broke away and began to run, while shouting, “Aunt Kaytil.”  She turned, and though surprised, greeted Caryell warmly.  Kaytil had never been much for affection, but she had hugged Caryell more over the past few weeks, then since he was a baby.  She felt the need that this young man was experiencing—now without his mother’s warmth.
Kaytil looked up at Roloff and asked, “Is there any news?”  
“Perhaps; may we come in and talk with you and Piori?”
“Yes, yes, please.  You do look warm, Roloff.  Come in and sit down, I’ll get Piori and get you both something to eat and drink.”
Roloff was exhausted in every way; physically, mentally, and emotionally.  He was starving and sleep-deprived, as well.  For his part, Caryell was just starving.  Kaytil told Piori of their arrival, and let him know that she was getting them some food.  
“Piori will be in soon,” Kaytil announced to her guests when she came back.  “He is finishing a letter.  Eat and rest; he will be in shortly.”  She brought in some sandwiches and drinks.  The Paladors scarfed it down, and rested.  Soon Piori joined them.
“Don’t rise; I know that you are exhausted.  Do you bring any news about Aspiria?”
“I’m afraid that what I have to say is extraordinary, and incredible.  I have very little proof.  But, I know it in my heart to be true.  I have shared this with no one but Caryell.”
Piori joined his wife on the couch, and they both sat with their bodies at full attention.  Piori loved Roloff.  Roloff had taken care of his family, when it was Piori’s duty.  Roloff commanded his deepest respect and admiration.  Roloff related all to Piori and Kaytil that he had told to Caryell.  He felt uncomfortable doing so, as he had so little proof.  The tracks to and from the clearing, and the unusual light in the sky he had seen with his own eyes, were his evidences.  Everything else was a deduction and an impression.  He had been under so much stress and anxiety.  Minds do play tricks on those who have gone through so much.  Caryell was the first he told; and Caryell believed.  But Piori was a very wise man and an adult.  This story, however much he believed it, would be hard for anyone to believe.  He needed more proof.
Piori and Kaytil listened and then sat back on the couch.  Piori looked at the ceiling for a while as Kaytil looked at him, and then back at the Paladors.  Piori looked at Roloff and leaned his chin on his hand while his elbow rested on his lap.  
“I’ve seen the tracks as you speak of them.  We’ve searched all over the area, and there was no evidence of the tracks going anywhere other than in and out of the woods near your home.  I did see the unusual tracks on the ground in the rocky area.  This could explain all of this.  When did you see this light, again?”
“I first saw it just a few days before her disappearance.  We were overlooking the city on a hill.  We both thought it to be a shooting star, though it was unusual.  It was memorable because Aspiria and I were engaged on that hill, and we had seen a shooting star on the night of our engagement.  Last night is when I saw it again.  I was on that hill alone, and it was exactly the same as several weeks before.  It was no shooting star.  I felt her, Piori.  I know that I am under stress and anxiety.  But I felt her there.  I know that this story is unbelievable, but I hope that you believe me.”
Piori sat back again.  Kaytil continued to look at him.  “If you have seen it twice, then others may have seen it too.  We need to get more eye-witnesses.  Was there any lighting near the hill?”
“Just the distant lights of the city.”
“I fear that the city lights have made it harder to see stars, shooting or otherwise.  Though there are many people here, we may be less likely to notice such a phenomenon.  If it has been seen on other occasions, it will give us confirmation.  We may also track when it is likely to occur again.  We need more information.”
“Do you believe me then, Piori?”
“I’m not sure that I want to believe that this is true, Roloff.  I would be happier with other news of her whereabouts.  For one, even if we confirm that this light is orbiting our world, it will be hard to prove its origin or that Aspiria is there.  For another, if this is true, I am worried about us getting her back.  If these men came here and have tried to keep themselves hidden, what can their motives be?  What are they doing with my sister?  It is very troubling to me, Roloff.  I think that I would prefer other news.  Still, if she is alive and, hopefully, well, then that is a great relief to me.  I trust your feelings—your instincts, my friend.  I do not think that this is the fantasy of a frantic mind.  It is logical, and it accounts for all that we do know, notwithstanding its incredible nature.  I can’t say that I want it to be true.  But, I believe it is worth pursuing.  I fear that you may be right.”  
“Why would men from another world come here?” asked Kaytil.  “We do not have anything here that they wouldn’t have on their own world.  All of the worlds have enough; what could they possibly want here?”  She was exceedingly troubled by this report.  She loved Aspiria deeply, and had not for one moment thought that she was gone for good.  She believed, with every part of her, that Aspiria would be fine and home soon.  This report caused a dark cloud to come over her for the first time.  It bothered her that Aspiria could be off of the world—orbiting above it.  The idea of being taken was bad enough—but taken off the planet, by those from another world—she shuddered.  Sometimes men did things to women that were unthinkable.  She had heard of these occasions.  Could these men be honest in heart, if they took her and tried to conceal themselves?  They must be wicked men.  A sick feeling grew in the pit of her stomach.  Wicked men, traveling from their world to ours, and then taking a woman—a wife and a mother—this was devastating to her.
“They may contact us,” began Piori.  “In the meantime, we must find a way to contact them.  I’m concerned about sharing this entire story with too many people, before we have more information, and more proof.  But, I think it wise to find out what is known about this light.  You are a reliable witness, Roloff.  I can get my colleagues in science and research to help with the discovery, and in understanding the orbit.  Some work has been done in considering orbiting objects, though I know little.  Still, we may be able to calculate when and where it will be, if we get more sightings.  Kaytil, would you fetch my brothers?  I think that they should be informed tonight.  We all want to know anything that can be known.” 



Chapter 31





From the moment that Mark approached his school, he could feel that today would be unlike any day he had experienced before.  It was both quiet and loud.  About half the number of students as usual were visible, yet the noise and chatter was double that of a typical morning.  It didn’t take long for news to spread.  Mark, who until today was practically invisible at school, was beginning to take on rock star status.
The students that showed up were overall very excited about the new discovery, and that the now-famous Captain’s brother was in their midst.  By the time that the bell rang, and school began, Mark was smiling ear to ear.  The classroom was less than half full.  “Where is everyone?” Mark thought.  
The teacher began to address the concern.  “The world is in shock this morning.  The news of another world with intelligent and alien life has caught many people off-guard.  For generations, we have been reading and watching fiction on the topic, but, for most people, it was just that: fiction.  Even when we began to travel in space, to the far reaches of our galaxy and beyond, the constant reports of no life outside of our planet made this possibility seem so remote.  Today, it is no longer fiction, or theoretical; it is real.  Most of you, here today, come from families that are excited about the news.  You have been intellectually and emotionally prepared for this event.  But, many people in our community are paralyzed with fear this morning.  They think that since we traveled to them and captured them, they, or perhaps another alien race, could do the same to us.  
Even if that is true, it is irrational to react as though it will happen today.  But, that is what is happening; people have now awakened to a new reality and are fearful because of it.  When people become fearful, they respond in a variety of ways.  My biggest concern is that they will make choices that could ruin our community, like buying up all of the supplies at grocery stores, or all of the gas.  They may run on the banks, or not go to work or school.  People may run around like chickens with their heads cut off.  The internet is already filled with the most irrational ideas, and people are latching on to so much of it.  Today, the President will address everyone, and we will all watch his address here at school.  We have to hope that everyone will listen, and that he can bring comfort to this nation, and to the world.”
Mark wanted to comfort everyone, too.  He wanted to stand up and say, “My brother has got this under control.  Everyone will be fine.”  But he knew that he couldn’t say that.  The students in the classroom were hushed, and Mark could see that they were becoming fearful.  The teacher’s speech was not making things better.  Now everyone had both aliens and each other to fear.  If the aliens didn’t get them, then they would get each other.  The teacher didn’t bring lesson materials for the day.  After she got off of her soap box, she went to her desk.  Slowly the whispers turned into a hum of chatter.  The rock star status was already giving way.  Mark heard and saw some stares.  Some were looking at him as though to say, “His brother brought this on us.”  Still many others wanted to talk with him about how cool it was that his brother had captured the alien.
Mark was relieved when the bell rang, and he could go to another class.  The next period would be the President’s speech, and he was looking forward to hearing more news.  In the next period, he was still in rock star status.  Apparently, not all of the teachers brought the same speech to their classrooms, and most of the students were still, overall, excited about the events of the previous day.  The teacher was busy getting the audio and video ready, and the class was filled with the chatter of excited students.  
“When the speech starts, everyone has to quiet down,” said the teacher.   
Mark could hear the news reporter talking, while they showed the microphone and stand that the President would speak from.  He wanted to hear what the reporter was saying, but it was not possible amidst the noise.  Then, the President walked in and approached the microphone.  “Shhh,” called out the teacher.  The class hushed and listened.
“We have been living in extraordinary times for many years now.  Science and technology have brought to us, and to our world, advancements that we could never have imagined, just a short while ago.  Yesterday, we announced the most profound scientific discovery of all.  We have discovered a world, far from ours, filled with life.  On this world is an alien species that is intelligent.  It possesses technology.  This species lives in houses, in towns, villages, and cities.  It has a complex language, both written and spoken.  
“Captain Jenners, as reported yesterday, has secured one member of this species and it is currently living on his Galaxy Charger that is orbiting this alien world. We have been orbiting this world for one month, and have had the alien on board for several weeks.  We have completed several biological and psychological studies of this alien creature.  I am pleased to report that Captain Jenners, his crew, and our civilian scientist on board, Tammy Rogers, have completed this mission and all studies with the utmost valor.  
“We are in full control of this mission, and we have detected nothing of a threatening or of an alarming nature.  I understand that this news has alarmed many of our citizens and much of the population of the world.  It is historic, and unfathomable to many people.  I understand that many of our citizens have become concerned.  This is natural; as I have received the reports, I, too, have felt like the rug under my feet has been pulled away at times.  Still, the level to which the Space Force and Captain Jenners have handled this is highly commendable.  This situation is under such control, that the Space Force has seen no need to send in reinforcements to this planet.  This mission is being fully run by Captain Jenners.  The remaining of the ZX-120’s are continuing their own separate missions.  Should any need arise, they could be sent there in short order.  We have no concern for either the safety of the earth, or the safety of Captain Jenners and his crew.
“We do not yet know if additional planets contain life as do ours and this planet.  We feel that this discovery, while incredible, does not change the security of our planet.  We see no reason to be threatened by this alien race.  We will continue to monitor this situation.  It has been determined by our top scientists that with two planets containing life, now known, the odds of additional planets filled with life, even intelligent life, is now greater—much greater than what we previously expected.  The greatest way to ensure our security on earth is to search out and discover where these other planets are, while continuing to monitor this planet that we now know of.
“Sometimes the fear of the unknown is the greatest fear that we can face.  Today, I want to help to clear up the unknown.  I cannot disclose the location of this world, but I will try and answer as many questions as I can.”  The President finished his introduction and looked out over his audience of reporters, ready to answer their question.
“Mr. President, how does the intelligence of these aliens compare to human intelligence?”
“We have a sample of one right now, but this particular creature exhibits the same intelligence as a highly educated human.  In the case of this alien, language IQ is exceptional—genius even; math is somewhat above average.”
“Is it thought that they are a more advanced race than the human race?”
“No.  This planet exhibits technology that is similar to technology on earth from two hundred years ago.  They have one city, with some surrounding towns, that have electricity.  It is used primarily for lighting right now.  Other parts of the world are living in a pre-electricity state.  They do not currently use motorized vehicles.  They do not have any crafts that can fly.  We have seen no evidence of wars or military conflicts on the planet’s surface.  Now, one month is a short period of time, but still the planet’s inhabitants appear peaceful.  They do not show any evidence of radio or television transmissions.  The city with electricity does have what appears to be scientific experimentation—but, once again, it appears to be the type of things that our world was discovering in the nineteenth century.  We see nothing that would indicate a capacity for the creatures of this world to even leave the surface of their planet, and certainly not multi-dimensional travel. They do not currently have the capacity to travel to earth, peacefully, or otherwise.”
“What is this alien creature like?  What does it look like?”
“Way to fit in two questions at once.”  The President was hoping to break some of the tension in the room with a light joke—it didn’t work.  “We have a female of the species.  It appears that they reproduce as we do.  They are humanoid.  This alien would be best described as very beautiful.  The creature is named Aspiria.  She has been fully cooperative.  She has shown exceptional language ability, and is already communicating with our crew in English.  Captain Jenners has made some impressive progress in learning her language, but it is extraordinarily complex.  She does not show any signs of hostility.  The most telling thing that I can say is that the crew has found her to be enjoyable company.”
“Will we be returning her to her planet, or bringing her here?”   
“I will not address that at this time.”
“Will photos and videos be made available soon?”
“That is being looked into right now.  Intelligence is determining if we should declassify that.  We had not intended on making this discovery public as quickly as we have; so, we are unable to answer that now.”
“Is the planet hospitable to humans?”
“The atmosphere is identical to earth’s atmosphere.  It exhibits similar temperatures.  The surface gravity is the same as the earth’s gravity.  Captain Jenners and crew are living with this alien creature, sharing the same food, air, and living conditions with no signs of problems.  At this point we believe that our worlds are mutually compatible in sustaining life.”
“What about the risk of disease spreading from this planet to ours?”
“So far, Aspiria has contracted multiple bacterial infections from our crew, but they have been easily treated with antibiotics.  It is not possible for our species to share viral infections.  None of the crew has shown any sign of infection from the alien bacteria.  In theory, we would be susceptible to infection by it, but our immune systems appear to be more adept at fighting it off, than hers is of fighting off our bacteria.  This is very preliminary.  It is likely that with further exposure, we will learn a lot more.  This particular ZX-120, the Galaxy Charger, and crew will not be returning to earth until this question has been completely addressed.”
“Why are viral infections impossible to share?”
“I am told that this has to do with our genetic structures being completely different.  The virus requires human genetics to replicate, and this species genetics are as far removed from human genetics as possible.”
“I understand that the ZX-120’s were equipped to keep any aliens atmospherically isolated from that of the crews.  Why are they not carrying out that precaution?”
“This was initially carried out.  However, Captain Jenners, after learning what I have told you about the compatibilities of our species, decided to remove the atmospheric isolation.  It has allowed for a much better understanding of this species.  Much of what we have learned has been via direct communication with Aspiria.  During the atmospheric isolation we were able to do some biological tests, and observe the species, but we were not able to easily interact with her.  From the time that the isolation was removed, and she was able to move, interact, and communicate with the crew, our understanding has increased tremendously.  Captain Jenners has employed one-on-one language sessions with Aspiria, and much progress has been made.  Sometimes, risks have to be taken to move things along further.  Captain Jenners took that risk, and it is paying off.”
“How does this alien—Aspiria, as you call her—feel about her captivity?”
“I cannot begin to tell you how Aspiria feels.”
“You say that she communicates in English; does she realize that she is in captivity?  What has she said about being in captivity?”
“She does understand her circumstances.  She has expressed interest in returning to her world.  She is, however, being completely cooperative, and is, in fact, being very helpful in all of our studies and investigations.”
“What promises are we giving to her and her world in exchange for this cooperation?”
“That is a rather bold question.  But I have a simple response: nothing.  Perhaps she too recognizes the singularity of the circumstances, and the value of understanding between our species.  Whatever her reasons may be, she has chosen to be very agreeable.  We have not had to put any force or pressure on her, nor have we had to bribe her.  She is simply cooperating fully with our crew and our mission.”
“You said that she is humanoid; what are the primary distinguishing features between her species and humans?”
“None.”  A hush could be heard over the audio from the reporters in the room.  In the classroom, the students, who were listening intently, recognized the impact of that word.
“Would you please clarify, sir?”
“I understand how this news is being received.  It was not until we deciphered her DNA that we could say, with certainty, that Aspiria was not human.  There was nothing about her appearance that would distinguish her from a human.  When I said that she was humanoid, I meant that literally; not a lot like a human, but just like a human—that is, until her genetics are examined.”
“With all due respect, sir, I don’t see how this is possible.”
“It was a surprising finding for all of us.”
“Has it been determined if cross breading is possible?  Could we have a Mr. Spock between humans and this alien species?”
“It is categorically impossible.  Outwardly, the species looks like a human, but inwardly, genetically that is, it is so different that it is impossible for our species to reproduce together.”
“Is there any reason not to believe that this species could live among us, and that we would be no wiser?  In other words, if they came here, would we, not necessarily, know it?”
“The reality is that this species looks like a human, and so, if it were among us, it could blend in.  However, this species does not have the ability to travel in space.  It does not know where the earth is located.  It is possible that we could live among them, but it is not possible for them to live among us without us bringing them here.”
“Are we planning on trying to live among them, secretly or otherwise?”
“We are not.  At this point, we would not be capable of living secretly among them.  We are a long way from speaking their language.  We would be exceptionally foreign—alien to them.  We are currently very happy with the progress of our mission.  We are learning vast amounts of information daily.  We do not see any reason to do anything more at this time.”
“Do the inhabitants of this world, other than this Aspiria, know of our existence yet?
“We don’t believe that they do.  We have seen no evidence of them having an awareness of us.  Aspiria is from a very small populated area, near the single ‘modern’ city.  We are sure that those in her area are aware of her being missing, but we don’t believe that they have even the slightest idea of how or why.  Even Aspiria was not initially aware of where she was.  She thought that she had been taken by others of her kind, and she thought that she was underground in some facility.  It was rather surprising to her when her circumstances became clearer. Last question—”
“Mr. President, this world knows nothing of our world’s technology, since the invention of the light bulb; Aspiria, however, now knows a lot about our technology.  Returning her to her world, and her kind, would change that.  Are we even considering allowing her to go back to her world with what she now knows?”
“I’m sorry, but I will not address that type of inquiry today.  Thank you.”
The conference ended, and the video was turned off by the teacher.  The students looked at each other in amazement.  The reality was stranger than was their wildest imaginations over the past day.  Aliens that were just like humans?  They were living in a world like earth, from two hundred years ago.  This alien is nice, and friendly; it’s cooperating?
As Mark walked to his next class, he was only barely conscious of his surroundings.  He was on autopilot, and his mind was light years away.  
“Mark!  Hey, Mark!…Mark!”
He became partially aware of the sound.  
“Mark.”
“Oh, hey, Tess.”
“You look like you just saw an alien,” she said with a smile.
“I feel like I did.  Did you see the President?”
“Yeah, I’m glad that it’s not some creepy alien.  I’m glad that it doesn’t have a bunch of weapons and stuff.”
“My brother not only captured an alien, but he’s hangin’ with an alien.  He’s talking with it and stuff.  Man, the President says that he’s doing great!  I wish that I could talk with Steve.”
“Do you think that your brother is going to come back to earth with it?  I don’t think that we should bring her back here.  She might learn our stuff, and somehow communicate it back.  Plus, what if she escapes?  She could hide out, and do stuff.  I don’t know.  I just don’t want any aliens on the earth.  I really wish that there weren’t any aliens out there at all.  I don’t like it.  I don’t want them out there.  There might be other ones, and they might be worse.  I don’t know; I don’t like it.  But hey, at least the first one is nice…I guess.”
“Why would they bring the alien back here?”
“Well, they can’t let her go back with all of our secrets, to her world.”
“Yeah, I don’t know.  See you later.”
“See you later.”



Chapter 32





Voices could be heard, people were approaching the house.  The door opened and Caryell’s two uncles came in with his aunts and cousin, Miigal.  Miigal was his only cousin still living at home.  She was twenty years old, and the youngest child of his uncle Toreen—the youngest of Aspiria’s brothers.  Caryell had always been fond of Miigal.  She was the closest person to a sibling that he had ever known.  She was very fond of Caryell, also, he being the ‘baby brother’ that she had always wanted.  Caryell loved being with his father, aunts, and uncles, but was very happy to have the company of someone closer to his age.
Miigal was pretty and petite—wearing a grey skirt and a black sweater.  Her hair was long, brown, straight, and, tonight, featuring a red bow.  Caryell had never noticed the resemblance before, but she reminded him, momentarily, of his mother.  Her face did contain some of his mother’s features, but it was more her countenance and expressions that triggered the resemblance.  Miigal smiled at Caryell, and made her way towards him as he arose to meet her.  Ordinarily he would have gone up to his uncles and aunts and greeted them; but they were so caught up in the reason for the visit, that they had already begun to gather and speak.  
“Let’s go out back,” suggested Miigal.
Uncle Piori and Aunt Kaytil had a lovely manicured garden out back with a swinging bench.  It was already dark outside, but not a bit chilly.  Caryell and Miigal swung together on the bench, while they laughed and talked.  Caryell had been so weighed down for the past month that he had not laughed once.  The laughter came forth as a burst, and at times overcame him.  Miigal was in a very good mood this evening, and she, too, was laughing heartily.  Eventually the conversation and laughter died down, and the two just swung and gazed at the stars.
“Caryell, I think that I shall be engaged very soon.  Jeriyal and I have been seeing each other a lot lately; that is, when he is not working.  He is setting aside his money, and told me that he may be able to buy a home this year.  I am so excited.”
“Wow, I’m going to be the only kid left in the family.”
“Are you saying that I’m still a kid?”
“Yes.”
She tickled him, and he giggled, but not quite as boisterously as he had a few moments before.  “How have you been doing?  I haven’t seen you this week.”
“I’m fair.  I miss my mother terribly.  Father is having a really hard time.  He is doing a little better today.  He has some ideas about my mother.”
“That is what Aunt Kaytil was saying.  She said something about visitors from another world taking her.  I don’t really understand that.”
“My father saw something in the sky.  He thinks that they are up there,” he pointed upward to the dark and star speckled sky, “and that they came down and took her, and then went back up there again.  He says that they are still up there with her.”
“I don’t understand why they would do that.  Are you keeping up with school?”
He looked at her with a questioning expression.  Then he sat back and didn’t answer.  “You know, you remind me a little of my mother.  I noticed it when you walked in.  You look like her—a little anyway.  You kind of walk like her, and, well, you sounded just like her when you just asked me that.”
“That’s a perfect complement!  Aunt Aspiria is one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen.  Any girl would love to resemble her.”  She looked at him with a serious expression, “So, how is school going?”
“Fine; I did get behind some, but the teachers are letting me make it up.  Sometimes I get so distracted, and I can’t concentrate, but I’m doing better now.”
“Are you going to stay in Arkasia, or come here to Plensen when you are out of school?  I think that you would like it in the city.”
“I don’t know.  I don’t want to leave my father.  When we get my mother back, I don’t think that I would ever want to leave her.  But the city would be nice.  Maybe we will all live in the city someday.”
“Tomorrow night Jeriyal and I are going to the theater; do you want to come?”
“Won’t I be in the way?  I don’t want to see you two kissing or anything.”  She tickled him again.
“He’d better kiss me.  It won’t be too long before you won’t mind kissing.  Seriously, do you want to go?  You’ll be here tomorrow night I’m sure.  Won’t you be here for a few days at least?”
“I think so.  I’ll go, if you two behave.  I don’t know how long we will be here.  We are going to see if anyone else has seen the shooting star.”
“What do you mean?—seen the shooting star?” she asked as she locked her knees so that the swing stopped abruptly and she turned to look at him.
“That’s what my father saw; he saw a shooting star last night, but it wasn’t really a shooting star.  It was the vessel that has my mother in it.  He said that it lasted too long in the sky to be a real shooting star.  He saw it once before, a few nights before my mother was taken.  He said that that is where the visitors from the other world are.”
“Caryell!  I saw a shooting star!  It was just like that.  Jeriyal and I saw it.  We both said that it was the most amazing shooting star that we had ever seen.  It seemed to last for a really long time.”  
Caryell’s eyes widened as he stared at Miigal.  “Let’s go tell my father!”
The room was ablaze with a hearty fire under the hearth.  The air was warm, as was the lighting.  The seven adults were deep in serious conversation and did not notice Caryell and Miigal enter.  
“It simply does not make sense that they are here,” said Zilnir.  “I can’t think of any reason for those of one world to travel to other worlds. What could they want?”
“Father.” Caryell did not command the attention of the group.  “Father!”
“In a moment, Caryell,” said Roloff without looking up. 
“Miigal has seen the star, Father!”
All eyes turned to Caryell, and then to Miigal.  “Yes, I saw a shooting star.  It was as Caryell described.  It was in the sky for a long time, not a brief moment, as would be ordinary.  I and Jeriyal saw it together.  We both commented on its singular characteristics.”
“When, my dear?” asked Toreen.  “Was it last night as Roloff has seen it?” 
“No; it was several days ago—perhaps five evenings ago.  Jeriyal had made a pick-nick dinner, and we ate it at the park.  As it got to be dusk, and we lay on the blanket, we gazed at the stars beginning to light up the sky.  Jeriyal saw it first, and pointed to it.  We watched it for some time—in awe.  It was not a quick flash and then gone; it seemed to be traveling across the sky.  It did disappear, though; it did not carry on.”
“Five days!” interrupted Priori.  “That gives us much to go on.  We now have three separate sightings.  That is no coincidence.  We may be able to find other sightings as well, but for now this gives us much to go on.”
“Is Aunt Aspiria in the star?” questioned Miigal.
“We believe so,” Priori nodded.  “It is no star—no meteor.  It is something that is flying around the planet.  We call it orbiting.  We have been studying the possibility of an object orbiting our world.  This is what would happen: gravity would pull it towards our world, but if it was traveling fast enough, the gravity would simply keep it circling our world.  The speed of escape would equal the force of gravity.  It could keep circling forever.  We don’t have the ability to send something up to do this—not yet, anyway.  It would have to come from another world; Roloff is right about this.  If we have visitors from another world, and indeed it seems that we do, then it is reasonable to link them to Aspiria’s disappearance.  Roloff’s thought about them coming down to that rock clearing, and then returning to orbit with her makes sense.  I don’t know how they could do this, but they are here; they must possess many abilities that we do not have.”
“Don’t we need to answer the question of why they are here?” asked Zilnir.
“We may not be able to do that.  But I see no other possible explanation—other than that they are here.  I do think that they must have Aspiria.”  Priori interlocked his fingers, calculating a plan of action.  “Roloff, you know Mayor Tinron.  We must arrange a meeting with him for you.  I will begin talking with my colleagues tomorrow.  Miigal, please make sure of what day it was that you saw the vessel.  We know that it was seen last night.  We will need to find the exact dates of as many sightings as possible.  I think that we can calculate the orbit, once we know more.”
“What will we do?  Once we know when the object can be sighted, what will we do then?” said Pashlor, the second born in Aspiria’s family.
No immediate answer followed.  It was his wife, Veerantin, who broke the silence.  “We will seek inspiration from above, and help from those here, my dear.”



Chapter 33





A million thoughts raced through Steve’s head.  He sat on his bed with his elbows on his knees, alternated between rubbing his face and resting his chin in his hands, while staring off into space.  The irregularities of his mission, were, so far, swallowed up in its successes.  This irregularity, however, would not lend itself to exoneration so easily.  The Space Force would not tolerate it, and in all likelihood, neither would public opinion.  They would tolerate politicians, sports and movie stars, and royalty behaving this way; but not military heroes.  He had been told that the President had gone public with the information, and that he was going to be a household name.  Tammy, too, would be extremely famous.  Whatever happened from here on out, Tammy returning pregnant with his child would be a major embarrassment to the President, the Space Force, and to him and Tammy; this situation was going to go very badly.
Still, he did not feel only despair.  There was within him a seed of excitement, and a feeling of love.  He loved Tammy, and he already felt some love for this tiny child of his and Tammy’s.  He considered a thousand ways to get around the circumstances, but none were feasible.  He and Tammy would be disgraced.  He would be a classic figure—the fallen hero.  Even worse, a full investigation could no longer be swept under the rug.  Every mistake made, or risk taken, would now be brought to light.  He would no longer be a hero at all; he would be considered a lucky fool.  Any further mistakes would be magnified and prove his foolishness and incapability.  Tammy would also become an object of scorn and ridicule.  He could take it on the chin, but she—he could not bear to think.  Time was on his side, but he could see the end from the beginning, and no success or choice would turn this situation around.
He had told Tammy that they would figure something out, but neither of them believed that.  She was devastated, and it was his fault.  Still, as he reflected, the idea of raising a family with her brought some light onto the darkness of the circumstances.  Perhaps, with time, the controversy would be forgiven, and their place in history would be restored.  It would not be pleasant, though, in the meantime.
He lay back on his bed, knowing that sleep would be impossible, even while feeling overcome with fatigue.

***
“You do not seem to be yourself.  Are you alright?”  Aspiria put her hand on Tammy’s shoulder.  Tammy, who never sat down, was sitting on a chair in the lab and leaning forward with her elbows on the counter.  She was lost in thought, and hadn’t seen any reason to hide her feelings from Aspiria, as she would have done if any of the men were currently in the lab. 
Tammy looked up and over to her, and gave Aspiria a half smile.  She put her hand up and onto Aspiria’s hand still resting on her shoulder.  “I’m fine.  Thank you.”
Aspiria looked at her knowingly for a few moments and then sat beside her.  “Tell me about your child,” Tammy asked.
“Caryell,” she said with a smile that faded quickly into worn concern.  She forced her smile back again.  “He is thirteen now.  He is a very good young man.  He is a good student, and he is very helpful to his father and me.  I struggled for many years, with no success, in having a child.  Roloff and I prayed many times that we could have children.  I thought that we might have a large family, but then I worried that we may have no children.  Finally, after several years, Caryell came.  I had hoped that I would have more children, but I was not ever blessed with another child.  Now, I cannot imagine my circumstances being any different.  I am so happy with my Caryell.  He loves the outdoors.  His father and he are great at fishing, and they love to go camping.  Caryell is good at sports, and he loves to play ball sports with his friends.”
Tammy was listening intently at first, but then her mind began to wander.  Aspiria could see that her interest was waning, and so she left off.  The silence brought Tammy back, and she asked, “Do many of the woman struggle to have children on your world?”
“Some do; I have a close friend, Prianna, who greatly desires children; but her, and her husband, have not been blessed with them.  Others, though, have many children without any difficulty.  Is it different on your world—on earth?”
“No, it is the same; some really do struggle, but others get pregnant by just a glance,” she said with a tone of irritation and sarcasm; she breathed out quickly as she looked up.  Aspiria could see a subtle watering of her eyes.  She looked at her, somewhat confused.  “It’s just a figure of speech; we reproduce in the same way as you do.” Aspiria looked down uncomfortably and nodded.
“I want to see Caryell.  I hope that I may return to my home soon.  I am learning so much here, and I enjoy all of you very much, but I miss my family; I worry about what they think has happened to me.  If they knew where I was, and that I am well, it would be easier.”
Tammy looked at her, gave a partial smile, and nodded slowly.  “I don’t know when that will be.  In our reports, we have told those in charge how good and helpful that you are.  Perhaps we will be told what to do soon.”
Aspiria smiled kindly.  She was careful to not enquire too often in regards to her future.  Still, she did not want to give the impression that she was satisfied with her circumstances.  This was the first time that she had mentioned it to Tammy directly.  Tammy was often difficult to get through to emotionally; but today they were connecting on that level, and she thought her request might be received better.  Tammy’s response, though clearly not honest, was still better than she had hoped.
Tammy was once again in her own world.  She was staring off, and was no longer interested in conversation.  “Do you need anything from me, Tammy?”
Tammy shook her head.  
“It must be hard, being surrounded by all men.  If you ever need to just talk, I’m here.  Sometimes the girls just have to stick together.”  Aspiria smiled and walked toward her open cell.  She was feeling lonely herself, and would have liked a little longer conversation.  Tammy was struggling, but there was no more that she could do at this time for her.  She would have preferred more privacy, but that was not to be hers at this time.  She knelt beside her bed and began to pray.  That was the one sure way that she would not feel lonely.  She prayed for herself, but also for her family.  Then she prayed for Tammy, too.
“Is she okay?”  Bob had just entered the lab, and had brought in the meals.
“I think she’s praying,” Tammy replied dully.
“Oh.  They say prayers?”
Tammy rolled her eyes and shrugged.
“Hello, Bob,” Aspiria greeted.
“Oh, hey; sorry, did I interrupt you?”
“No.  Thank you for the meal.”
“So, you say prayers?”
“Of course; don’t you?”
“Sometimes; it’s just that, um…we pray to our creator…so, who do you pray to?”
“I pray to your creator, too; He’s my creator, also.”
“How do you know that?  But…huh, wow, that’s cool.  So, who does the cooking for you on the planet?  I mean, do you know how to cook?”
“Yes, I am told that I am good at preparing meals.  I hope that my husband is getting help with meals—with me being gone…”
Bob looked down, and felt ashamed.  “So, do you want to cook with me some time?  I would love to learn how you prepare food.”
“I would be happy to.  I’m learning to like your food, but I do miss my food.  I don’t know if the food and the spices that you have will allow me to make food the way I do on my world, but I can try.”
“Hey, Tammy; can she cook with me later?”
“I thought that that was Danny’s job.”
“It is, but I’m helping him today.  I’ve got the next meal.”
Tammy walked over toward Aspiria’s cell.  “Do you want to do that, Aspiria?”
“Yes, it sounds like an interesting challenge.”
“Fine by me; so long as Steve and Danny don’t mind.”
“Cool; I’ll be by in a couple of hours.”

***
“Are you sure, Danny?”  Kenny and James looked perplexed.  
“She knows a lot about our world; not anything current, but she knows our biblical history—at least some of it.  She wanted to know if we are from the same world as Jesus.”
“It doesn’t seem possible; but, perhaps we aren’t the first ones to travel to her world.  Maybe this type of travel was discovered eons ago, and they brought bibles with them.  Maybe some of those zealots were also high-tech.”  James was reaching for some type of meaning.
“I don’t know.  Couldn’t she have read some of our bible on her tablet?  She’s been studying so hard to read and speak English.  She is very intelligent, and understands so much, so quickly.  Maybe she’s looking for a way to get through to us, so that we will let her go back home.”
“I showed her my bible today.  She was very interested, but she didn’t seem to be familiar with it, per se.  She seemed to have an understanding that was different than our understanding.  She says that Jesus visited her world after He was resurrected, and that He told her world about us.  She says that they have scriptures that tell about all of this.  It seemed very sincere; I felt something when she spoke.  I believe her.”
“I’m afraid of what this report will bring.  A primitive species with minimal technology, that is clueless about us is one thing; but if they know about us, from whatever the source, that would be very disturbing indeed.  You said that Steve was there when she talked about it?”  Kenny was reflecting very seriously.
“Yes, we were together.  He seemed upset, when I brought her back from reading my bible.  I didn’t talk with him about it afterwards.”
“I don’t pretend to understand the religious implications of all of this.  But, it is so strange that this creature is just like us, and yet, genetically, completely dissimilar.  Did you ever read Plato?  Do you remember the doctrine of the forms?  Plato said that everything that we know, everything that we experience, is an imperfect attempt at a perfect form, from some celestial sphere.  The perfect form exists out there somewhere, and then we experience imperfect versions of it.  So, I may never be able to draw a perfect circle, but I try; and even though I know that it’s not perfect, because I have an understanding of what the form of a perfect circle is, I can recognize an imperfect circle, as a circle.”
“Kind of like a symbol stands for something else more grand,” commented Kenny.
“Yeah, but it is different than that.  It’s more than a symbol.  When I see a chair, I know that it is a chair.  But chairs may look very different from each other.  Still, when we see chairs, we know what they are.  Plato says that this is because there exists, out there, the form of a chair, and when we see any particular chair, we recognize it because we have in our mind the concept, or form, of a perfect chair.  Any chair out there is just an imperfect example of the perfect chair form.
“So this brings me to Aspiria; she is in the form of a human.  I have never seen any human on earth that looks just like her, but she still looks just as human as you or I.  She is in the same form as us—as humans.  I know that you were both on board the ship, but when we walked on her world, we saw trees.  They may not be genetically just like trees on earth, but they were made from the same form as our trees.  When I saw her house, I knew that it was a house.  Not just because she came out of it, but because it looked like a house; it was in the form of a house.  I know what a house is, and that is what it was.  I’m not saying that Plato had it all figured out, but he described a world of forms that was beyond the earth, and that we, on earth, participate in this world of forms with our imperfect renditions.
“Now we have found another world, and it seems to participate in the exact same forms that we do.  Everything is just like what we know and understand.  We are alien to Aspiria, but she is not having much trouble understanding us and our ship.  It’s like she understands, because she understands the same forms that we do.  We are connected—somehow we are connected.  Danny, you and Aspiria see some sort of spiritual connection, and I don’t know about that, but I see that our worlds are connected.”  James was on a roll.
“So if our form is the same, what is the difference in content or substance?”
“We are alien from each other; she is from this world and we are not.  She is connected, I’d venture to say, genetically to all things living on her planet; but we are not—we are genetically connected to everything living on the earth.  I am genetically much more like a blade of grass, on the earth, than I am to Aspiria; yet, I am not in the form of a blade of grass, but I am in the form—the same form—as Aspiria.” 
“So the content is our genetic code,” concluded Kenny.
“That’s true; and also the matter, the atoms themselves; the atoms that she is made up of come from her planet.  The atoms that I am made of came from the earth.  The content is different; she contains her world’s atoms and genetic language, but she is in the same form as we are.”
“I see, but now we are sharing the same air and the same food.  Her world’s content, and ours, is being shared.  I may have some atoms inside of me, oxygen atoms that were from her world.  Now they are a part of me.  She has a whole lot more than that in her.  She is eating food from the earth.  She has lots of earth content in her now.  So we aren’t completely separate anymore.”
“No, we are not.  We are no longer one hundred percent separate.  Genetically we are still separated, and I don’t see how that will ever change, but our atoms, our languages, and our ideas are now connecting.”
Danny was listening intensely.  “Maybe this, ‘world of the forms,’ is with God.  If we are all created from the same God, then it would all make sense.”
“Maybe so, Danny,” said Kenny.

***
“Let me smell the spices.”  Aspiria took a whiff of the various spices.  She was familiar with milk, eggs, flour (though she said it tasted off) and sugar.  She really liked the sugar; it was the best sweetener that she had ever tasted.  She inspected the various vegetables, and turned her nose up on most of them.  “What you grow in your world is very different from what we grow on mine.”  It was clearly not a complement, but she was trying to be polite.
“What spices do you like?”
“I’ve put a few out; I guess I’ll have to see how it turns out.”  She selected veal and potatoes for the main course.  “You make a vegetable salad, Bob.  I don’t think that I can choose what everyone will like.”
Bob raised his eyebrows a few times as she selected her spices and preparations, but he was really interested in what she would do.  “It smells good,” he said as she began to dish out the servings.  “It looks good, too; you are quite the chef.”
“Wait until everyone tastes it.  I’m not so convinced about it yet.”
Tammy, Danny, James, Kenny and Mike soon joined Aspiria and Bob in the dining area.  “Aspiria’s our chef tonight,” said Bob with excitement.
Aspiria blushed.  “I am sorry, if it is not good.  I don’t know what you like, and I’m not very familiar with your food, yet.”  Aspiria, herself, was not very impressed with the meal, but she appreciated the complements that were coming from all sides.  Bob was over the top in his praise.  
Kenny, who appreciated a good meal, was shoveling it down like never before.  “It’s good; real good!” he said impolitely with his mouth full and still chewing.  He tried to cover this impropriety by covering his mouth, but it was only partially effective.  Still Aspiria appreciated the sentiment.  She was accustomed to impressing men with a good meal, and she never grew tired of seeing a man scarf down one of her meals without being able to stop.
“It’s different; I like it, though,” said Mike.
“Yeah, Aspiria, it is different, but I like it a lot,” said James.  “I wonder what it would be like with all of your own stuff.”
“I’d love to show you.”
James realized his error, felt embarrassed, and became instantly quiet after that.  Tammy was quiet also.  She had not been herself all day, and she was mostly just playing with the food.  She ended up finishing about half the plate, and then took it to the wash area and left the room without saying a word.  Aspiria was a little hurt that she hadn’t said anything, but she knew that something was wrong with her that day.
“Do you enjoy cooking?” asked Kenny.
“I do.  I was a little nervous today, though.  I hope that it was alright for all of you.”
“It was great.  If you enjoy it, then you can join me in here whenever you want to,” said Danny.  He was actually more interested in having further conversations with Aspiria, than he was in getting help in the kitchen.
“That sounds nice; it has been nice being in a different part of the ship this afternoon.  I might get better at cooking here, with some practice.” 
Tammy’s voice was heard over the intercom.  “Get Steve to the lab!”  The familiarity of hearing Captain Jenners referred to as ‘Steve,’ was a bit stunning to the crew.
“What’s the matter, Tammy?” asked Kenny getting up to go and get Steve.
“Hurry, I’m sick…” They could hear the sound of her starting to throw up.
“Danny, you get Captain Jenners.  James, Mike—Aspiria, you come with me to the lab,” ordered Kenny.



Chapter 34





“I don’t like it at all,” said Mike
“Bob says that he watched Aspiria the whole time that she was cooking.  He said that there was no chance that she could have poisoned anything.  It could have been a bad piece of meat,” suggested Kenny.
“She didn’t seem to feel well, even before she started eating, but still something is awfully fishy about this.  We haven’t had a single episode of food poison, and then Aspiria cooks a meal and someone is sick.”
“Maybe we haven’t been fully exposed to her bacteria.  With the meal, Tammy may have gotten a dose of something that she hasn’t been exposed to, yet.”
“Maybe she has been getting sick with it for a while, and is just showing symptoms now.  Tammy is with Aspiria all of the time.  She is the one that has had the most exposure.  I hope that this isn’t the start of something serious going on.”
“Tammy says that our antibiotics knock out all of the alien bacteria easily.  We haven’t been on anything prophylactically—maybe a short course will fix this right up.”
“Tammy didn’t want to take anything.  I don’t get that.  Captain Jenners didn’t seem all that impressed, either.  I think that I will have a talk with him.  He didn’t seem himself today.”
Mike walked to the bridge.  Steve was up there alone.  “Hi, Captain; may I join you.”
“Sure thing, Mike.”
“I’m not very happy about Tammy getting sick.”
“Yeah, she’s doing better now, though.”
“There is a lot that we don’t know.  I don’t want to accuse Aspiria of anything, but isn’t it a strange coincidence that someone gets sick, the first time that she prepares the meal?  Anyway, Tammy is around Aspiria more than anyone else.  If we are susceptible to something of Aspiria’s, isn’t it more likely for Tammy to get it first?  Tammy would be the most exposed.”
The arguments made sense, but Steve seemed to be hardly paying attention.  “No one else got sick after eating, and Bob was with Aspiria the whole time,” said Steve, blowing off the discussion.
“Bob?  Bob got us here on accident, remember?  I like Bob; he’s a good guy.  But I would’t trust Bob with my life.”
Steve just smiled.
“Are we running tests on Tammy?  I would like to know if we culture an alien bug in her.  We might eradicate it easier if we all got on some antibiotic right away.  I think Tammy should take something broad spectrum.”
“I’m glad I’ve got you on this mission.  Every crew needs at least one worry wart.”
“Just doing my job.”
Tammy came on the intercom again.  “I just got sick again.  I’m okay now.  It wasn’t as bad as the first time.”
“Do you need me to come down?” asked Steve.
“No.  Aspiria’s with me.  She got me some soda.  I’ll be alright.”
“Just let me know; I’ll be down if you need me.”
Mike looked at his Captain with a very serious and curious look.  There was more to this than meets the eye.  “I thought Kenny locked Aspiria up.”
“Yes, he did.  I let her back out.  It wasn’t necessary.  Tammy feels better having her out, anyway.”
Mike remembered the moment that they were getting on their space suits in preparation for capturing Aspiria.  He remembered Tammy kissing Captain Jenners.  It was all becoming very clear.  They did spend a lot of time together.  The past few weeks had been so eventful, that Mike had not spent time reflecting on this, but now he could see the picture opening up before his eyes.  
“Captain, you know what’s going on with Tammy, don’t you?  There is more going on between you two, than a great working relationship.  This isn’t what I think it is, is it?”
Steve glared at Mike with a look of wounded but recovering pride.  Mike was his friend and confidant in many ways, but Steve was his Captain.  He didn’t say a word, but Mike knew what was going on.  “I’m sorry, Steve.  I’ll do what you need; just let me know.”

***
“Mike knows.”
“Did you tell him!?”
“No.  He figured it out.  He talked with me, I didn’t say anything, but he knows.  I trust Mike.  That may not be much consolation to you, but I do trust him.”
“It’s pretty obvious, I guess.  I don’t want to take any medication, and I’m not worried about Aspiria causing this—but I am throwing up and no one else is sick at all.  We can’t keep this a secret much longer, anyway.  I don’t want this baby.  I love us, and who knows where this could all go in the future.  But I don’t want it right now.  I want to continue my research.  I want to go home to a hero’s welcome, with you.  I want to write papers, and speak to large audiences.  I want to bring Aspiria, and let the world see her.  I don’t want to be caught up in a scandal.  It will be bad for me, but it will be worse for you.  You will be removed from the Space Force, and instead of getting a hero’s welcome, you will be testifying in front of Congress, and maybe getting court marshaled.  This could get really ugly, real quick.  I feel like such a fool.  We are both a couple of fools.”
“I thought that I was invincible.  I thought that I could do and have whatever I wanted, and that I could fix up any of the consequences.  I am so sorry that I brought this upon you.  It is all my fault.  I just somehow didn’t think…”
“You can say that again,” she said softly and with a gentle smile.  She leaned up and kissed him softly.  
“I agree with you, that this will get really ugly.  Mike is the biggest worry wart on here.  If he stops stirring everyone else up, and if we act like it is all under control; no one else gets sick, and we work your rotations around it—maybe we can buy ourselves some time; finish the mission at least.  The consequences will come, but if we can start off back home as hero’s, maybe public opinion won’t stay against us.  The Space Force has a vested interest in us being heroes—so does the White House; we might get more support than we think.  It’s worth a try.”
“I’m not sure that I want a baby at this point in my life.  Even if it doesn’t turn out as bad as I think it will, I will still be lugging around a child as I try to give public appearances.  I just don’t want this right now,” Tammy said adamantly.
“I know.  It’s the worse timing that I could ever imagine.  Still, it is us—you and me.  I love you so much, and I still think that I can conquer anything—even this.  You and I, together; we can definitely conquer it.  We are Captain Steve Jenners and the amazing Tammy Rogers!”
“You’re sweet, but it was this kind of attitude that got us here in the first place.”
“Exactly!”
“I don’t mean here around this planet.  I mean here in my room talking about a pregnancy that is not allowed to happen.”  She gave him another kiss.  “I’ve got to get some sleep, before I start feeling sick again.  I love you.”
“I love you too, Tammy.  Somehow, we are going to make it.  Maybe you should leave off the ‘I’m sick’ announcements on the intercom.”
She winked and Steve left the room.



Chapter 35





“Mayor Palador, please come in.” A short and portly man with thick round glasses greeted Roloff warmly, and stood up from his desk.  He attempted to button his dress coat around his obese mid-section, but quickly gave up after two tries.  Instead, he waddled around his desk and offered his hand to Roloff.
“Thank you for seeing me on such short notice, Mayor Tinron.”
“My dear sir, it is always such a pleasure to see you, please sit down.” The two men took seats across the desk from each other.  “I am so sorry to hear of the disappearance of your lovely wife.  My wife and I always so enjoyed her company.  I am sorry that I have not been able to come to you personally since the event.  I trust that you received my note.”
“Yes, thank you for your concern.”
“I have my top investigator continuing to look into the mystery.  I’m afraid that we have no clues, other than what you have been able to share.  We have had no similar events to report within Plensen, nor in the surrounding areas.  Still, we will continue to monitor the situation.  I do hope that she is recovered soon, and in good condition.  So strange, I can’t imagine why anyone would do this.”  Mayor Tinron shook his head with genuine concern.
“I do thank you.  If I may, I do have something to report to you.”
“Please, go on.”
“I have shared this with no else, other than immediate family; I’m afraid that it is extraordinary—rather unbelievable.  I have personally seen an object rotating around our world.  I have seen it now on two occasions.  It looked, at first, like a falling star; but it was not a falling star: it lasted for too long.  I saw it before Aspiria’s disappearance, and then I saw it again two nights ago.  It was on this second occasion that I realized the nature of this object.  I came into Plensen last night to discuss this with my brothers-in-law.  As it turns out, my niece also has been a witness to this phenomenon.  She saw it on a separate occasion from the two I mentioned before.”
Mayor Tinron leaned back in his chair and adjusted his glasses, and then while resting his elbows on his chair arms crossed his fingers with the two index fingers pointing up, and placed the two index fingers on his lips.  He narrowed his eyes and continued to listen.
“I do not believe that anyone on our world has the capacity to put an object in orbit around our world, but there is indeed an object in orbit here.  I believe that we have visitors here from another world.  Furthermore, I believe that Aspiria’s disappearance can be traced to this.  As I said before, I first witnessed this object prior to her disappearance.  I was with her on this occasion, and we witnessed it together, just a few days before she was gone.  I have gone over the tracks and clues, related to her disappearance, over, and over again.  There are the tracks of four men coming from and returning to a rocky clearing not far from our home, and on the night she disappeared we found a deer that had been shot with a sleeping drug.  One track, returning back, shows much greater depth, indicative of this man carrying what we all believe to be Aspiria.  It would seem that they had drugged her, as they had the deer.  From this location, there are no additional tracks—nothing leading into or away from the rocky clearing.  We have searched over and over again.  The rocky clearing itself appears to be the origin and the destination.  This has baffled everyone, perhaps even your investigator.
“If men from another world have the capacity to travel from their world to ours, then they may have the capacity to bring their craft down to our world—the rocky clearance near my home—and then return the craft into orbit around our world.  I am aware of how fantastic this story is; I hope that I do not come across as just a fool.  It is true that I want my wife back, but I believe that my supposition is rational, none the less.  With an additional pair of witnesses, my niece Miigal and her boyfriend Jeriyal, I am more convinced than ever.”
“Perhaps we can find additional witnesses of this orbiting object,” Mayor Tinron mused.
“Yes, we are indeed seeking that out now.  We are not telling what we fear the object to be, nor our supposed connection to the disappearance of Aspiria; but we are simply looking for additional witnesses.  I believe that you know Aspiria’s brother, Priori.  He is discussing this with his colleagues in hopes that he may find out more about the nature of an orbiting object.  He believes that by finding the dates and times of the observations, some of his colleagues may be able to calculate the nature of the orbit.  We may be able to predict when it will be sighted again.  This would confirm that it is an orbiting object.  My belief that it is men from another world would not be proved, but I am at a loss to think of another possibility.
“Even if it is known that we do have this orbiting craft filled with men from another world, it would not prove a connection with the disappearance of Aspiria, but it would be worth considering.  For myself, I know it to be true, for I have felt it.  Still, for others, I want hard proof.  I am not here in hopes that you will believe me—you may believe or not believe as you choose—but I hope that you will assist me in finding proof of this.  Even if it is true, I do not know what we would have the power to do about it, but I must try what I can.”
“Roloff, I have known you, and respected you, I might add, for many years.  You are a gem of a man, and I and my wife would do anything for you and your lovely Aspiria.  I, for myself—I do believe you, though I find it mindboggling.  I agree with you, it matters not whether I believe or not, or even if you believe or not; we have witnesses of a phenomenon that needs to be investigated.  If these men have this power, and have used it in this way—to take your lovely wife—then they may have additional powers.  We do not know their motivations, or their capacities.  We simply know that they have come here, and have taken your wife, and seem to be cowering and hiding.  I do not like the sound of this.  We must seek as much information as we can, and prepare for what this could mean to our people, to our towns, and city.”
“I have shared nothing with the good people of Arkasia.  I am afraid of how they may respond.  Fear may cause more problems, than the circumstances alone.  When we know more, we will need to share the information.”
“If they return to the surface and take another, we will be responsible if we have not warned the people,” expressed Mayor Tinron.
“I agree, but we have so little to go on,” said Roloff with concern.
“True.  We must act quickly.  We will get the science community and our investigators on this immediately.  We must seek out witnesses from the communities as well.”
“I do thank you, again, Mayor Tinron.  I feel a great sense of relief at having shared this with you.  I know that with your help and advice, I am closer to seeing my Aspiria again.  I will be at Priori’s home for a few days before I must get Caryell, my son, back to school.  I will call on you again if I get any further information.  Good day.”
“Please call again in two days.  I will have more information, and we can collaborate at that time.  I am at your service, my good sir.  Good day.”



Chapter 36	





Steve could hear conversation and laughter as he walked down the corridor.  He listened intently as the two women spoke.  Aspiria was speaking nearly-perfect American English.  Over the past several days her exaggerated nasally tone had disappeared.  She now enunciated almost accent-free.  With a careful ear, a subtle accent could be heard, yet even this seemed to be disappearing as the days went by.  This conversation that he was eves dropping on, though originating in another room, sounded like two American women speaking with no sign of an accent at all.  Aspiria’s vocabulary was increasing so steadily, that she never even stumbled for a word.  By comparison, his ability to communicate with her in her language was rudimentary at best.  He was beginning to put sentences together with simple words, but even then, he knew that his pronunciation was horrific.  His ability to even produce the sounds was pathetic at best.  Still, he knew that this was of prime importance.  Language experts from around the world were analyzing the recordings of her language, but they were at a loss without Aspiria’s explanations.  Steve was getting a one-on-one tutorial, and she was an excellent teacher.  This was one of the most critical aspects of the current mission.  He would work his hardest to continue to grasp and then report on the alien language.
The other major concern, from Command, was the fact that Aspiria seemed to have an awareness of the earth, which she claimed to have prior to being captured.  This had warranted a direct conversation between Steve and the President.  It was a fact that via the tablet that Aspiria had had access to, she could have learned a lot about the earth.  She was not always closely supervised while using the tablet; it was possible that she could have researched a lot in order to manipulate a way to get released.  Her ability to learn and maintain information was extraordinary; her comprehension of English was already magnificent.  Steve was not convinced that she was manipulative.  She had been very direct with him in regards to her desires; beyond that, he felt something when she spoke about religion and spirituality.  It did not feel contrived at all.  But he would be required to investigate this completely.
Upon entering the lab, he was pleasantly surprised to see that not only was Aspiria all made up, but Tammy was too.  Tammy had on a short, low-cut, spaghetti-strapped red dress, and high heels.  He had never seen her dressed like that before.  “Wow, what’s the occasion!”
“We’ve been shooting photos and videos for public release.  I didn’t want Aspiria to get all of the attention.”
“I won’t even be noticed with you wearing that,” Aspiria commented.
“Aspiria doesn’t think that a woman should show so much skin.  She says that it gives the wrong idea to people, and it isn’t good for men’s eyes.”
“You are much too beautiful as you are.  Dressing like this doesn’t increase your beauty; it focuses attention to your body, instead of your beauty.”  Aspiria was direct, but kindly in her tone.  Tammy, for her part, found it entertaining and comical.
“I don’t know, Aspiria, I’m pretty impressed right now!” said Steve.  
“I prove my point,” Tammy said with a smile.
“Could you bring your tablet, Aspiria?  I have some things that I need to talk with you about.  If you could get everything set up on the table, I’ll be with you in a moment.”
Aspiria went to her cell.
Steve and Tammy began to speak softly.  “You look stunning, Tammy.  I wish that I could take you out for the night.  I’m afraid that I have nowhere to take you.  Even on the planet, I doubt that we could get away without getting caught.  Somehow, I think, at least you would stand out looking like this!”
“I wish that we could go out, too.  It was so fun getting all dressed up.  Am I in, at least, the same league as her?”
“Who?”
She lightly punched him on the arm.  “You know she’s beautiful.”
“Yes, but I only have eyes for you.  Now, I’m afraid that the whole world will have eyes for you, too.  Maybe it will generate some sympathy for me when our predicament becomes public.”
Tammy looked away and then back again.  “I’m not going to let that happen.  It isn’t fair to either one of us.  We don’t need this now; you, me, or us.  We are in the middle of something important.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m not keeping this pregnancy.  I never wanted to do this, but I can’t keep this baby.”
“I’m worried and scared, too.  I know that it’s you that has to carry the baby, but it’s my baby, too.  It’s our baby; it’s a part of us.  I don’t think we should do that.  I know, I don’t have a good solution, yet, but I don’t think that we should do that.”
“It will be better for us.  We can work on our relationship, among all of the other stresses in our life.  We won’t be forced together because of this.  We can decide if we both want this, and enjoy all of the success that we are now having.  It will solve all of the problems.  I can have everything back to normal, and we won’t have any consequences.”
 “If we make our relationship work, and we have a family someday, we will always know that we did this to one of our own.  I can’t imagine looking at our children one day, and realizing that we did this to one of them.  I don’t think it’s right.  We made a mistake: there should be consequences.”
“Steve, I don’t think that you are thinking about this.  I love you, and I don’t want to do this.  But, like you say, sometimes you have to make choices; you have to take risks.  For everything that we will gain, I think that we need to make this choice.  I don’t want this baby right now.  I don’t want to be in this situation.  I have everything that I want right now, and this takes it all away; I don’t want to keep this pregnancy.”
“Tammy, I love you, too.  We’ll talk more soon.”  Steve sighed, then grinned.  “You really look great!  I need to talk with Aspiria.  She’s right, though, I think that you’re burning my eyes with your beauty.  I don’t know how I am going to concentrate.”
Aspiria was turned with her back to them sitting at the table now.  Tammy leaned up and kissed Steve, and then he turned and went to talk with Aspiria.
“I need to talk with you, and this is very important.  My commanders are very concerned about you knowing about the earth, that is, more than what we have told you.  They are concerned that you knew that we existed, before we brought you to this ship.  Did you read about the story of Jesus, or hear someone, like Danny, talking about it?  Is that how you first heard about Jesus?”
“I don’t understand, Steve.  He is the Son of God.  What He did on your world had an effect on all of God’s worlds—on all of His children.  We are His children, too; how would we not know about it?”
“I understand what you are saying, and I find it very interesting; but I need to know specifically: did you read or hear us talk about Jesus, before you asked me about it?”
“No, Steve, I did not.  That is why I asked; I didn’t know what world you were from.  Your world is the only world that I know anything about at all.  I know that there are many worlds, but I know nothing about them, other than that they exist.  Your world is special.  Every world knows about your world.”
“Why is it that we don’t know about all of these other worlds, if they all know about us?”
“What do you mean that you don’t know about other worlds?  You are the ones that are here, in this ship that was designed to study the children of other worlds.  Tammy has shown me, and I have seen all of the elaborate ways that you have prepared for my being studied.  If you didn’t know that there were other worlds, why would you have come here, and been so prepared?”
“We didn’t know, but we suspected,” he said contemplatively.
Aspiria sat back, and pondered.  “I guess that you do come from a different perspective.  All of the other worlds rely on events that took place on your world.  Your world did not require anything that took place on another world.  So you were not told about the other countless worlds of the creation?”
“I don’t know.  I never really go to church, or read the bible.  I really don’t know about what God has told our world.  I am a military man, and a man of science.  We seek the truth by exploring, experimenting, and logic.”
“Truth is truth, Steve.  It doesn’t matter what the source is; if it is true, it is true.  You have something special on your world, Steve.  Numberless people, on countless worlds, would do anything to peruse your bible, and read about the firsthand accounts of His life.  You have it in front of you, and you don’t care what it says?”
“You’ve sparked an interest in me, I must admit.  If it is true, what you say, then I would like to learn what He has said.  Now, however, I need to look at your tablet with you.  I need to look at the history of all that you have read.”
Steve pored through the history files, and looked at his log of events.  It was clear that she was searching only language files—precisely what she had permission to search.  Nothing looked suspicious at all and there was no evidence that she had been playing around with the history or settings.  She was doing exactly what he thought she was doing.  She had become quite adept at working on the tablet, but she was no computer genius; she often asked for help to do seemingly simple things.  Her language genius did not translate to genius in all areas.  “I must be certain: did you ever hear or talk with anyone aboard this ship about Jesus before you talked with me the other day?”
“Steve, I assure you that that was the first conversation that I ever had with any of you about God’s Son.”
“I’m sorry, but my commanders believe this to be very important, and they required me to ask you directly.  I believe you, and I am not upset about this, but I did need to know.”
Aspiria smiled comfortably, the smile of a person with a clear conscious.   Steve admired—even envied that about her.  For all that he was, he was not a person with a clear conscience.  He was racked internally, and it was getting worse.  It was beginning to weigh more heavily on his mind, now that Tammy was considering aborting his child.  He did not see how that would rectify the situation.  It might allow him to hide his circumstances, but it would not make it all go away.  Instead, it would add more heaviness to his heart; another weight to add to his growing burdens.  He was conscious of the fact that this woman, Aspiria, was good and kind; yet, he had taken her from her home, her family, and put her into this situation.  She returned this action by being honest and true.  She treated everyone on this ship with kindness.  When she requested that she be returned, and was continually told to wait, she continued in the same goodly manner.   Steve had met many people that he admired, but she was unlike anyone that he had met before.  If there is anything alien about her, it is that she returns evil with good; that doesn’t seem human at all, he thought.
“You speak nearly-perfect English now; that’s amazing!  I need to practice in your tongue.”  Steve had a greater ambition than before to learn her language.  In part, it was because he so admired her that he wanted to take in something of her essence.  He wanted to feel better about himself, and he transferred that desire to learning her language.  He had an abstract, unconscious desire to atone for his circumstances—circumstances that he had brought upon himself, and he found that as he immersed himself in this project he did feel somewhat better inside.  Today was a day of breakthroughs for him.  His ability improved, and he found himself communicating at an increased level.  Even Aspiria was impressed, and that made him feel good, also.
Upon leaving, he, feeling excited about his success, gave Aspiria a hug.  She was uncomfortable about that, but did not say anything.  She looked around to see if Tammy had seen it, and she had.  Tammy did not look bothered, and that felt better to her.  It was not her custom to hug a man that was not related to her, as she was a married woman.  But, she could see that this custom did not seem to be the same among them.  Still, she hoped that it would not happen again.  “Why did he do that?” she asked as she walked up to Tammy.
“Do what?”
“He hugged me.”
“You were helping him to learn, and he had some good success.  He was happy, and wanted to thank you.  I’ve been going over our photos and videos.  You are going to be a celebrity back on earth.  Everyone knows about you, and they want to see you.  Look at this one, I think we look great.”
“I don’t look any different than you.  We are all the children of God, and we are in His image.  Why does it matter what I look like?”
“They’ve never seen an alien before.  The people on earth are getting scared.  Our commanders think that if they see pictures and videos of you that you might settle them down.  You are not scary, Aspiria.”
“Thank you.  I’m glad that I don’t scare you.  I don’t think that I have scared anyone before—although, all of you did seem frightened of me, at first.  I remember going to the bathroom with guns pointed at me.  I couldn’t understand what it was that you were scared of.”
“That’s right.  We are not scared of you anymore, now that we know you.  We want to help the rest of our people to know you, so that they will no longer fear you.”
“This is very strange.  You come to our world, and yet your people are afraid of us.  I don’t see how that can be.  We would never harm you, or even want to travel to your world.  We don’t know how to travel like this.  There must be much sadness on your world, for the people to have so much fear.”
“I’m feeling sick again.  Watch this one, I’ll be right back.”  Aspiria tried to focus on the video, rather than the unpleasant sounds coming from the bathroom.  After cleaning herself up, Tammy returned.  “I hate that feeling.  Did you have that?”
“You are with child, Tammy?”
Tammy looked down, and then gave her a smirk.
“Steve is the father?  But you are not married, are you?”
“No, we are not married.  We are not supposed to be together, on this ship.  Please do not speak of this.”
Aspiria nodded knowingly.  “It does not last long, for most women.  I did not get very much sickness at all.  I have known some women that it lasted for a while.  I think that it is normal, what you are experiencing.” 
“Yeah, it won’t be much longer.”
“You and Steve will make beautiful children; I do wish that you were married.  It is better for the children, and for you.” Tammy did not acknowledge her last statement.
The women looked over the videos, and laughed.  “You are sure that you want your whole world to see you in this dress?” Aspiria repeated.
Tammy looked over and smiled at her.
“Would you want this child that you are carrying, to see you like this?  I would not want everyone to see me dressed like that, but I would be most concerned about my son seeing me like that.  If you want to reconsider, I will do all of these videos again.”
“I think that I look great.  I want the world to see me.  We are both going to be world-famous.”



Chapter 37	





“It looks good…a little big, but not bad,” commented Miigal who was dressed up beautifully.
“I don’t have to go…if I look funny.”
“You look great; I am so excited.  You’ve never been to a theater all lite up.  It will be amazing tonight.”
Caryell, who was in his Uncle Toreen’s suit, did look like he was drowning.  But at the same time he looked charming.  Miigal was excited to take him with her and Jeriyal to the theater.  Caryell had spent the night with his Uncle Toreen because Roloff was visiting with the city’s Mayor, and because of the night out at the theater.  He loved staying with all of his uncles, but he preferred to be with Uncle Toreen, Aunt Zilnir, and Miigal.  Roloff was closest to Priori, and so, often when staying in the city, the Palador’s would stay with him and Aunt Kaytil.  Caryell, however, would often find his way over to Uncle Toreen’s.
Miigal had changed.  She was a young woman, and nowhere near as much of a child.  It both bothered, and endeared Caryell to her.  He loved the way that she was reminding him of his mother, but he felt younger and less mature in relationship to her.  Still, she was as kind and friendly as ever; and even in her new grown up state, she was happy to have him with her.
Punctual as usual, a knock came to the door.  Miigal’s countenance brightened, as a smile came across her face and she glided to the door.  Caryell looked down at his feet, and played with his sleeves of his jacket that were too long.  The door opened and the couple embraced like magnets in sympathetic harmony.  The moments felt like minutes to Caryell, and he was less comfortable than ever.  He was really regretting being there, and felt as though he wanted to crawl under the carpet.  Soon, however, Miigal had Jeriyal by the hand and practically dragged him toward Caryell.  “Hi Caryell, I’m so glad that you are coming tonight; I think that you will really enjoy yourself,” said Jeriyal. 
Caryell simply looked at him and offered an awkward and uncomfortable smile.  They had met before; Jeriyal had come to help on several searches after Caryell’s mother first disappeared.  He had always been friendly with Caryell, and clearly took an interest in Miigal’s extended family.  
Jeriyal was a handsome, tall, muscularly built red head with striking blue eyes. His wavy red hair was accented by facial freckles, but not so many as had accompanied his youth.  He featured a nearly perfect, straight, white toothed smile, and exuberant confidence.  Miigal was justifiably smitten, and she always felt these feeling reawakened when they met up.  His feelings for her were no less profound.  He saw in her charm and beauty that made her instantly attractive, mingled with innocence and intense spiritual sensitivities.  She was a perfect gem as she was, and yet like her Aunt Aspiria, seemingly destined to bloom into an even greater beauty as time would go on.  The couple was mutually attracted and in love with each other.  It oozed from each of them, in every word, glance, and touch.  To Caryell this was all too sickly sweet to stomach.
“Shall we go,” Jeriyal said, more as a directive than as a question.  Miigal placed her left arm through his right and proceeded to the door.  Caryell followed behind much more slowly, almost hoping that they would take off so quickly that he would be left behind and forgotten.
“Come on,” she said as she turned around to the young man trudging along, head down, behind her.  No, he was not going to be forgotten, and so, he came up to them as they left the front door and walked beside Miigal.  She put her arm around his shoulder, but he cowered and moved a little further to her right.  She, probably unconsciously, understood his discomfort and removed her arm from Caryell’s shoulder, and instead crossed her torso and put her right arm on Jeriyal’s prominent bicep.
“A lot of people have seen that star.  Once Miigal told me about it I started asking around.  It was definitely not a falling star.  It would have never crossed my mind to think that it could be a large craft up in the sky; but now that I know…when I think about it, it couldn’t be anything else.”
“Has everyone seen it, the same night that we did?” Miigal asked.
“No, it has been seen by different people, on different nights since the time that she disappeared.  I guess everyone just thought that it was a falling star; I don’t know.  But when you think about it; it is pretty amazing that we have visitors here.  No one would have thought, I guess.  I wrote down all the days and who saw it.  Most people can’t remember the exact date, but still I hope it helps.  I gave the list I had to your Uncle Priori.  He told me that he had a lot of other sightings documented as well.”
“I am told that the meeting with our Mayor and Uncle Roloff went well today.  Uncle Roloff was worried about everyone thinking that he was crazy, but really we are all crazy for not being aware of this craft that everyone has been seeing.”
“We’re going to get your mom back.  Your Uncle Priori, my dad, and all the men at the institute are really smart.  Now that we know where she is, we can make a plan.”
“Thanks, Jeriyal.  I really miss her,” said Caryell with some emotion.
Miigal put her arm around Caryell again, and this time he didn’t flinch, but seemed to appreciate it.  The night was already dark, and, consciously or not, all three of them looked up regularly at the night sky.  It was a clear and somewhat crisp evening, and the sky was full of stars—but no shooting stars tonight.
The walk to the theater was long, and as the threesome left the subdivision and entered more major city streets, the walking traffic increased precipitously.  Most were dressed in rather fine attire, and were anticipating the various attractions of city nightlife.  Caryell had not experienced this scene before.  He had been with his parents into the city for daytime activities, which had left quite an impression on the boy used only to a rural life.  Night life was a bit different.  There were not many youth or children out at all.  Other than himself, the youngest that he had seen, so far, were Miigal and Jeriyal’s age.  Many of the couples, or groups, were middle aged, and, not a few, were quite older.  
Caryell had not experienced grandparents, and so he looked on at the elderly couples with curiosity and admiration.  His attention focused in particular on a couple that was walking on the same side of the roadway, but in the opposite direction.  The man was heavyset, mostly bald with his few strands of hair combed awkwardly over his scalp, and in a dark grey suit.  He was hunched over and carried a cane.  He was probably in some pain as he walked, as he moved at a significant, deliberate, and slow pace.  His wife walked erectly with her arm, in his arm that did not carry the cane.  It was the man’s duty to escort her, but she was clearly carrying some of his weight.  In form, he was escorting her, but in substance, she was escorting him.  She wore a cream dress with a rich red overcoat.  Her silver hair looked like she had spent hours preparing every strand.  At first Caryell thought that she must be a daughter, but as they approached closer, he could see that she was equally aged, but that she hid it cleverly with her make-up; and her general condition displayed a greater degree of vibrancy.  The hunched over man looked at Caryell as they passed and gave him a generous wink.  Caryell was beginning to feel more comfortable already.
The next people to catch his attention were a middle aged couple.  The man was tall with dark hair, and slender.  He was talking, rather loudly, to his companion, likely his wife, who was pretty with dirty blond hair.  She appeared to be straining to keep her attention focused on the conversation.  She certainly was not being given an opportunity to join in.  The man, oblivious to her difficulties, continued on unabated.  Caryell found it particularly entertaining to watch the man gesticulate as he spoke.  Whatever he was talking about, he obviously felt very passionate about, and seemed to think that what he had to say was of supreme importance.  She, on the other hand, wore the look of a person just trying not to nod off.  She had apparently given up on even nodding, or even saying, “uh huh.”  He was just going on, and on, and on.  As they passed, Caryell tried to smile at them, but they were both oblivious to him.
Miigal and Jeriyal exchanged a look as this couple passed by.  Up ahead there was a group of young ladies making their way, jovially, towards them.  Four of the five young ladies seemed to be thoroughly engaged in a lively conversation, mingled with giggles.  The fifth lady was younger than the rest, perhaps sixteen years old.  She was slightly out of the inner circle. As she tried to engage herself with the group, her efforts were ignored.  She was likely a younger sister of one of the other young ladies.  She wore a white knee length dress with blue flowers.  She had a nice figure, with long blond hair, and a particularly pretty face.  She had the complexion of an angel, and a countenance the same.  Caryell had been enjoying people watching tonight, but his pleasure increased when once his attention met this girl.  As they approached, the young lady had stopped trying to fit into the group, and was simply looking ahead.  Caryell was not conscious of the fact that he was staring at her.  He felt nearly invisible in this big city, with so many people who all seemed to be in their own worlds.  Before he realized it, she was staring back at him.  She was walking directly toward him now, only a few feet away.  
The two groups were large, and they would have to make some adjustments so that both groups could pass by each other.  The young lady, who was being ignored by her companions, slowed down so as to maneuver behind the other girls.  Caryell moved a little closer to Miigal, but did not take his eyes off the young lady, and neither did she take her eyes off of him.  As the groups prepared to pass, the young lady, with bright blue eyes, dark long lashes, and bright ruby lips—that stood out particularly against her porcelain white skin—turned, to keep eye contact with Caryell, and smiled beautifully.  Caryell felt his heart race and his face flush.  He returned the smile out of pure pleasure.  As they passed, their arms and shoulders touched and grazed past each other.  The smell of the ultra-sweet fragrance of her perfume was almost intoxicating.  Their touch ignited an electrical shock within him.  He had never experienced these sensations before.  He had never felt attraction to the opposite sex before.  His heart was still beating quickly, and the vision of her angelic face continued to shine before his mind’s eye. 
Miigal and Jeriyal began to converse, but Caryell was completely distracted.  The atmosphere and mood of fashionable people walking, the city street lit up, and the lit up buildings, mingled with the hum of conversations and footsteps, provided a surreal background to his mental experience.  He felt a joy that he had never experienced before.  He could not feel his footsteps; he walked mechanically, yet he felt an energy burst, that increased as he walked along.
Time no longer behaved itself as before, and so, as the theater came into view, he did not know how long he had been walking.  “Are you excited, Caryell?” asked Miigal with a smile.
“Oh, yes,” he answered emphatically without even thinking.  Jeriyal pulled three tickets from his coat pocket, and the group entered the theater.  The lobby was half filled, but was noisy with conversation.  A large fireplace was lit with a roaring fire.  The lighting in the lobby was candles, and not electrical lighting.  It provided an ambience that brought Caryell back to a time, not too long ago, before his home had electrical lighting.
“I’ll get some refreshments,” said Jeriyal.  
Miigal began to talk to Caryell about the show.  Caryell tried to listen at first, but soon her words were a blur, amidst the various conversations, and his dreamy vision of the young beauty that was still on his mind.  All he could take in was Miigal’s beautiful and excited face.  She smiled and talked, as he looked up at her and smiled as well.  Soon Jeriyal came up, and handed them both a drink.  Caryell held it, and it felt cold in his hand.  He may have been thirsty, but the idea of taking a sip did not cross his mind.  Miigal switched her attention back to Jeriyal, and they continued to talk.  Caryell looked up at both of them while they talked, but he still was in his own world; before he knew it Jeriyal was leading them into the theater.  The theater was lit on the sides by candlelight, but it was not exclusively non-electric.  The ceiling had a dim illumination by electrical bulbs.  The dark maroon curtain was lit by some spotlights.
They did not have great seats—towards the back and on the right side.  Caryell was still holding his drink in the right hand, and began to feel some pain from the ice cold cup.  He switched hands, and for the first time thought to take a sip.  It did not take long for the musical play to begin.  The lights went down, so that only the side candles could be seen.  The pit orchestra began, and the music perfectly complimented his infatuation.  In fact, as the music went on, her face lit up his mind’s eye with even greater clarity, and his heart began to race again.  The bright lights lit the stage, and the curtain was already up.  Dancing and singing filled the stage, and his mood was elevated.  The theme of the play was a love story, and for the first time in his life he sympathized with this theme.  The musical was so bright, so pleasant, and so encapsulating, that his mental picture of the smiling beauty moved to the back burner, and he enjoyed the play.  His mood was enhanced, and he enjoyed every moment of the experience.
By the time that the play was over, Caryell was mentally back.  He had a smile on his face that could not disappear.  His heart felt warm, and he felt happy again, for only the second time since the disappearance of his mother.  He was feeling the afterglow of his first crush.  He would never see that young lady again, (her life was soon to be cut short), but it wasn’t really for her that he felt this infatuation.  It was an awakening within him that he was experiencing.  He had been so quiet on the walk to the theater, but on the way back he could not stop talking. Jeriyal and Miigal exchanged glances several times throughout, especially as he gushed about the romantic theme.
As the trio arrived at Miigal’s home, Caryell was still talking.  The couple paused at the door and embraced warmly.  Caryell turned towards them just as they kissed. Instead of turning his head, and getting embarrassed, he watched.  Miigal opened her eyes and saw Caryell staring.  He was embarrassed then, and looked down.  “Good night, Jeriyal.  Thank you so much.  That was a great musical.  What a great night.”
“Thank you, Jeriyal; that was the most fun that I have ever had!” expressed Caryell.
“I know champ, I’m so glad that you were able to come,” he said as he reached over and ruffled Caryell’s hair.  He turned back to Miigal and gave her another short peck on the lips, as she lifted her right foot slightly.  “Good night.”
Miigal and Caryell entered into her home, and walked into the living room.  “What do you think of Jeriyal?”
“He’s great!  I really like him.”
“I’m a lucky girl.  He is a perfect gentleman, you know.  When you start taking out the girls, you have to be the perfect gentleman.  Let her take your arm, and open the doors for her.  You need to lead, but don’t be bossy.  If she is a lady, she will let you lead, but she’ll also let you know what is on her mind.  The most important thing, though, is this: you bring her home in the same condition that you picked her up.”
Caryell looked at her quizzically.  “You are her knight, and your quest is to protect her virtue.  Give her a hug; if she wants you to, give her a kiss; but don’t take anything from her that is not yet hers to give.  If you love her, then you show her that love by protecting her.  Don’t ever make her have to defend her own virtue; don’t ever cut it close.  Jeriyal is a real man; I am safe, and protected with him.  I can enjoy his touch and his kiss, because I know that it will not go farther than it should.”
Caryell nodded and smiled.  The vision of the young beauty entered his mind again.  He could not image anything better than protecting that girl; to be her knight and to return her in the same condition that he found her, and to hold his head high was what he wanted to do.  Caryell had grown up over this past month; he was no longer the boy that had last seen his mother.



Chapter 38





War of the Worlds, seemed so off the mark.  First, it assumed that aliens were in our own solar system—Mars.  Then, they were strange ugly creatures that were nothing like humans—and they were the superior beings.  They came here, with a plan to destroy humans.  Earth was in the phase of low technology, minding its own business, and they came here unannounced and started killing humans.  Mark found it hard to concentrate on a story that was so far from the realities that were happening at this time.  Still, it was cool discussing it with Tess, and he really wanted to get into the Space Force.  With Steve’s success, if he got the grades, he might get a chance to be pushed up to Captain much sooner than just anyone.  He was motivated—more motivated than ever before.
Everything in the world had changed over the past few weeks, like the carpet had been pulled from under his feet.  People were so weird.  The news showed how ridiculous people could get.  It was so cool seeing the video of the alien and the research girl on Steve’s ship.  His brother wouldn’t try to deceive everyone on earth—he couldn’t understand why so many people said it was faked.  She was definitely pretty, but why did that make it a fake?  If she was ugly, would everyone believe it?  Last night, the talk show, that Gramps was watching, was arguing back and forth about the beauty of the alien, and whether or not this indicated the government trying to pull a fast one.  One man said that no one on earth was that pretty, and that if she was from earth, everyone would have already seen pictures of her.  He reasoned that the government couldn’t have hidden such a pretty woman and then brought her out with no one knowing who she was, just for this video.  The other man kept explaining that the government was using the oldest marketing technique in the book—using a beautiful person to diffuse fears and concerns.  They were trying to allay the growing fears and concerns by simply using a gorgeous model to make everyone feel comfortable with the alien.
The polls showed that only twelve percent of the U.S. population believed that this video was of the actual alien, without editing enhancement.  Gramps said that he didn’t know whether the video was accurate or not, but that it had backfired.  People were getting angry, and were starting to show their anger in riots.  He couldn’t understand what everyone was so upset about.  She seemed nice, and the other girl wasn’t scared of her at all.  It was weird that she sounded just like an American, and not even like a foreigner.  That’s what Tess said: “Dad says that she sounds too American to be an alien.  They could have at least got someone who sounded alien.”  The other thing was that she looked perfectly human; not even ‘Spock ears’ or anything.
The weirdest thing of all was when they were under martial law last week.  The riots were pretty bad, but at least he got a couple days off of school.  Now they just had some army guys with machine guns protecting the school entrance.  
“The aliens aren’t even able to fly a plane, and we are getting ourselves all worked up here.  They have been up there for my whole life, and probably for thousands of years, so now we are all freaked out.”  Still, in just a few years, he was getting out of here.  He was going up there, and he, and Steve would be making sure everything was fine.  Gramps said that it would all blow over, and people would get back to normal, eventually.
Mark closed his book, and put it in his backpack.  He grabbed a handful of peanut M&M’s and walked out the door.  It was brisker than he expected, so he returned back for a grey sweatshirt jacket.  His mind was racing through all of these thoughts as he walked on autopilot towards school.  Other kids, walking, or on bikes, or skateboards, were not an unusual sight, so they all slipped into his subconscious while he walked.  It was the first morning that he had seen his breath, and that was the only thing about the physical reality that had struck him this morning.  
“Hey, man.”  A few boys, a little bit older than he, were in front of him.  They had stopped their bikes, and had thrown them down carelessly.  Four boys started making their way towards him.
“Hey, man.  You’re the big celebrity around here, aren’t you?” said a fifteen-year-old lad with short blond hair.
“So was that hot chick the real alien?  What’s your brother say about that?” spoke a boy with dark straight hair that was over one of his eyes.  “Has your brother sent you any other pictures?  I want to see the pictures that you’ve got.  Show them to me,” he said as he shoved Mark in the shoulder.
Another boy chimed in, “Your brother tough?  What if that alien chick starts doing her voodoo or alien karate on him, will he whip her?”  Then he gave Mark a hard two-handed shove on both shoulders.  
Mark stepped back two steps and dropped his backpack.  He could see where this was all going.  The boys were all older and taller than him.  They had been around, as far as fighting went.  Mark was big and strong for his age, but he would be no match for this set.
“Why’d he capture her?  Don’t you think that he will make them all mad?  They’re going to come here and do all sorts of stuff to us.  I think your brother’s stupid just like you.”  The blond boy landed a hard right hook squarely onto Mark’s chin.  The pain was delayed for a second, but his heart raced instantly.  The four boys formed around him, such that if he went at any one of them, the others could all defend and attack instantly.  Mark started breathing hard, as his heart pumped out of his chest.
“Tell your brother to just off her, and all her alien people.  We don’t want them around.  If we are so strong, let’s just take them out.”
“Like we are going to take you out,” said the last boy laughing.
“You better run, man, maybe that cute girl you’re always with can help you.”  Laughing around the group ensued.
Mark wouldn’t run to save his life.  He didn’t say anything, either.  He kept eyeing each one of them in turn.  He could feel the pain pulsing on his chin now; he wanted to rub it, but didn’t dare show any sign of pain or weakness.  His head was already aching, and he was feeling sick to his stomach.
“Looks like he wants more, let’s give it to him.”  The boys came in, and Mark got one good swing off, and struck the boy with dark straight hair on the side of the head.  The others grabbed his arms, and the next thing he knew, he was taking one hit after another; stomach, face and groin were pounded indiscriminately.  The pain was intense, and he was not able to breathe.  He could feel the blood in his mouth, and tried to spit, but it just trickled out.  He tried to keep his eyes open at first, so that he could see where it was all coming from, but soon he was cut on the corner of his right eye, and the blood oozed in, forcing him to shut his eyes.
The next thing he knew he was on the ground laying face up.  He was still taking face shots, but he was fading out of consciousness.  The kick to the side, cracking three ribs, woke him right up.  It ached on top of the pain he felt all over.  “How do you like that?  That’s what they are going to do to all of us.  We’re all toast, thanks to your stupid brother, and our stupid President.”
“Let’s get out of here.”
He grabbed his side, and tried to rub it, but was struggling with consciousness.  He managed to turn his head so that the blood could run out of his mouth, and not choke him.  He woke up about a minute after going completely out.  He didn’t know how long he had been out, and he tried to open his eyes.  The right eye was no use—too swollen—but the left eye was open and the world was bright and spinning.  He didn’t see anyone, and didn’t think that he could do anything except lay there.  He could at least breathe now, but it was only with extreme pain where he had been kicked in the ribs.
He focused with what consciousness he had on breathing alone.  He concentrated on minimizing the pain with each breath.  He could still fill the warmth of fresh blood on his face, and he knew that he was still bleeding.  He could also feel the sensation of dried blood as he moved the muscles of his face.  It was strange that no one was around.  The street was so full, he thought, before this had all happened.  Maybe everyone was scared, with all the rioting, and just left.  He heard a car go by, but it did not stop.  He couldn’t muster the strength to try and flag it, and he certainly couldn’t shout.
It felt like a long time, maybe half an hour (Though it was only seven minutes) before he heard a voice.  It was a man’s voice, and he was coming towards him.  Mark partially opened his eyes and saw the form of someone coming towards him.  There was a car also, but he had not heard it come up.  Mark had actually lapsed briefly into unconsciousness again just as the car had come up.
“Mark?  Is that you?  What happened?  Are you okay?”  The voice was vaguely familiar but Mark could not place it.  He tried to turn his body and face towards the figure, but in reality he didn’t move much.  “Open the door—it’s Mark—he’s hurt badly.”
Another voice could be heard, the voice of a girl.  Mark recognized that voice—it was Tess.  Then he heard a shriek, and could feel her by his side.  He was losing consciousness again, but could sense that his body was being picked up off of the ground.  He had not been picked up and carried in years, and it felt strangely pleasant—except for the sharp pain that shot through his ribs again.  His body ached all over, and felt even worse as it was moved.  
He briefly awoke, again, and was in the backseat of a car.  He could hear Tess’ voice again, and that was pleasant.
He woke again, and was on a cart of some sort and being rolled by a man in green scrubs and a white lab coat.  He stayed awake, to some extent, but closed his eyes and didn’t move.  He felt at peace, knowing that he was under the care of doctors.  He didn’t want to stay awake any longer; he just wanted to sleep off the extreme pain.  Now, however, he seemed to be able to keep consciousness.  The cart came to a stop, and then he was picked up again and placed into a bed.  The pain was extreme, as he was not placed gently, and the shock of the pain pushed his consciousness over the edge again.  He was out.



Chapter 39





“What?”
“I don’t get it either,” Kenny shook his head.  “I guess you’d have to be there.  It’s easier for us.  We are here, and we know her.  Everyone thinks that the video of you and her is a fake.  People are rioting in the streets, and chanting, ‘Kill the aliens!’”
“People are so stupid,” Tammy muttered.  “And bloodthirsty.  So what’s the plan?  I’m pretty much done with testing protocols.  I thought that we would bring her back to earth, and let the world have a look at her—get to know her.”
“That’s not happening.  I don’t think that they have any idea what to do.  For now, they are happy for us to keep floating around this rock.  At least that seems stable to them.  We can’t bring her back to earth; the world is scared to death of her.  We can’t take her back to her home right now, because they are scared of all that she now knows.  They think that she will be able to share all of our technology, and then the aliens will be on our doorstep the next thing that we know.”  Kenny took a sip from his mug, and kept leaning forward over his drink.  
Tammy was visibly irritated.  She felt that from the moment that she had realized that she was pregnant everything had stopped going her way.  Prior to that, she was on top of the world, so to speak; but now it was all crashing in.  More than anything she wanted to take, Aspiria, to earth.  She wanted to be famous.  The video that she had made had only gotten everyone angry at the President, the Space Force, Aspiria, and her people.  No one had said anything about her, other than that she was some model for this fake video.  I guess that is flattering, she thought.
“What other choice do we have?  Could we take her to a space station and study her indefinitely?”
“Maybe; but there is concern, that by us continuing to hold her, we will risk angering the aliens down there.”
“They have no idea about us, or where she is.  She is just a missing person as far as they are concerned,” Tammy answered back defensively, as if Kenny were the judge and jury in this case.
“We’ve been in 3D orbit for a long time now.  We are not invisible to them down there.  On earth, people hardly look up to the heavens anymore, but for a people at this stage of technology, they likely spent a lot of time looking up at the stars.  They can’t think that we are a plane—they don’t even have planes.”
“Why didn’t we hide ourselves better?” she responded
“Mike kept telling us that we needed to be more careful, but we really couldn’t study them—observe them—without staying in 3D; and we needed a close enough orbit.”
“So they know that we are here?”
Kenny shrugged.  “They could.  We haven’t seen anything to indicate that they do, but what would we see? Smoke signals?”
“People, politics…we should just do what is best, and let all the idiots back home get over it.”
“The President wants a second term.  He’ll do whatever it takes to get reelected.  VP is who got everyone all upset.  He leaked that she knew about us—before we got here.”
“How can that man have a security clearance?  He couldn’t keep a secret to save his life.”
“The people love him.  They say he is the only honest politician in the world.  The President is balling him out privately, but publically he needs him now,” said Kenny with a sarcastic grin.  He picked up his mug for another sip.
Tammy and Kenny sat in silence for the moment, sipping and contemplating.  “It’s interesting, the parallels and intersections between us and them; but I don’t buy that they know anything about us.  They have religious beliefs that are similar to Christianity, except that their champion is from another world.  I know this is a striking convergence between our species, but it doesn’t prove anything.  Before this could mean anything, we would have to accept Christianity as literal, and I think that that is the biggest problem with the theory.  Nothing surprises me anymore, but that would really surprise me.  It’s more likely to be another coincidence; add it to the list.”
“I take it that you are not a believer,” asked Kenny.
Tammy rolled her eyes, smiled sarcastically and shook her head slowly while bringing her mug up for a drink.
“I’m going to relieve Captain Jenners on deck,” Kenny said after a few more minutes of silence.
“Let him know that I would like to talk with him,” she said as he got up.
“Will do.”
The anger began to build within her.  Science has enough challenges, but the prejudices of the people took the cake.  Over the centuries, religion and superstitions continually got in the way of scientific knowledge and progress, she thought.  It hadn’t occurred to her that the same people she was condemning, were those whom she was seeking fame and fortune from.  It was the fact that she was not beloved, that was reason enough for her to condemn their judgment.  Beyond this, the sickness that she felt from carrying this fetus within her was so irritating, not to mention the consequences that she could face when the world knew.  She told Steve that she would wait a little longer to abort it—to see what would happen after the videos were released.  He thought that maybe doors would be opened up, but instead, they were all closing—fast.  Even if the pregnancy was terminated, everything else was still going all wrong.
She could hear someone approaching.  It was Steve.  The glance that they both exchanged showed that they were both in a foul mood.  “Can we talk?  In private.”
He nodded, and they made their way along the corridor to his room.
“Things aren’t looking good,” said Tammy as the door to his quarters was shut.
“No, things are looking pretty bad.  I’m ready to drop the bomb.  Somehow, I don’t think that me getting you pregnant will be much of a concern compared to everything else happening on earth.  They’ll relieve us, or just have us come back to earth.  We can drop off Aspiria, and be back to the station within a week.  I’ll bet within a month we will be back on earth.  I’m sure that they will want to ‘detox’ us and make sure that we are not spreading alien diseases.  We will be getting debriefed during that time as well.  I may get let go, but that may happen anyway.  The President is looking for people to take the fall.  We’re not coming home to a hero’s welcome any way we look at it, so this might actually soften the blow.  Besides, Tammy, I just love you.  I’m ready to begin our family.  I think that it will be better to have you on earth as soon as possible, away from all of this stress.”
“If I wanted this child, I’m sure that what you said would be comforting.  At least I know that you are truly brave.  But I don’t want this child.  I’m not sure if I ever want children.  I love you, too, but I’m not sure if I want this; I’m not sure that I want to have a family with you.  I don’t know what I will want in the future, but I know that I don’t want this now— even if we could, somehow, ‘get away with it.’  I’m mad as can be about what’s going on back on earth.  I really want to bring her back and show her off.  But people are so stupid.  It just makes me mad.  Once they stop acting like fools, I may still get my chance to display her.  Maybe we can take her to a space station and wait for the earth to cool down, so I can bring her there.”
“I’m not bringing her anywhere, other than back to her family.  She deserves nothing less.”
“I don’t think that that is your call,” Tammy said in a frigid tone
He glared at her, feeling hurt, anger, fatigue, and stressed.  He, however, recovered quickly.  “I’m sorry; I don’t want to fight with you.  We’re both just so exhausted.  Please don’t abort our child.  I know that everything seems to be going all wrong, but who knows what tomorrow may bring.  Please give it some more time.”
He looked at her tenderly, but firmly.  She did not look him directly in the eyes.  She came close and embraced him.  They held each other for a long time, and both took solace in each other’s touch.  “I’ve got to go,” she said as she let go.  He gave her a soft kiss on the cheek.
“Get some rest,” he said lovingly.
“I will; you too.”
Tammy walked out of room and into the corridor.  Tears began to well up in her eyes.  She tried to keep them from falling, but it was no use.  She wiped her eyes, and choked back the flood that was ready to heave over its bounds.  She quickened her pace, thinking that her resolution, towards her mission, would dissipate the emotions.
As she walked into the lab, she could see Aspiria in her open cell reading or studying on her tablet.  She was obviously preoccupied, but looked up and smiled warmly at Tammy.  Tammy gave her a quick nod, and continued past the cell towards her medical supplies.
“How are you feeling?” asked Aspiria.
“Not well, I need to take some medicine.”
“Be careful, it may not be good for the child.”
Tammy did not answer, nor acknowledge her.  She rummaged through her things, until she found what she was looking for.  She took out two pills, and put them in her right hand, closing her fist around them tightly, and then put the bottle back.  She walked over to the small refrigerator and took out a bottled water, and held it unopened in her left hand.  “I need some rest; I’m going back to my bed.  If you need anything, could you call Danny?”
“Sure,” Aspiria responded, “I’m sure sleep will be good for you.  You are an amazing woman.  I can’t image keeping up the pace that you do, especially being with child.  I have learned a lot from you.  I’m glad that it is you that is here with me.”
“Thanks, Aspiria, you’re sweet.  I’ll see you later.”
She walked out of the lab, and towards her room.  This time the tears could not be stopped.  She let them fall as she walked, blurring her vision completely.  Her head ached as she cried.  She entered her room, locked the door, and sat on her bed.  She put the pills, and unopened bottled water, on the stand, and then just held her head in her hands.  The tears flowed now, along with loud audible sobs.  She felt alone, angry, and overwhelmed.  Eventually the tears and the sobs subsided, but what she felt inside had not changed.  She stared at the light, coming in from under the crack under the door, from the corridor.  Her head really ached now, and she began to feel queasy in her stomach.  She opened up the water bottle and took a drink.  Then she slowly picked up the pills and put one on the back of her tongue.  She lifted the bottle, and swallowed it down.  Then she followed suit with the second pill.  She drank half the bottle and put it down on the stand.  She lay down on her bed, with her back towards the door.  When she awoke, the pregnancy would be over.



Chapter 40





Mike, like everyone else, was feeling edgy.  It didn’t help that his job description had, essentially, become non-existent over the past several weeks.  They were in a perfect 3D orbit, and he had not needed to fire the engines.  Maintenance and other daily, menial tasks were completed within the first couple of hours of his shifts.  Talking, card games, and reading filled up the rest of his time.  Kenny and James were primarily doing the planetary observations and research.  He helped them from time to time, but found himself as much in the way as providing any assistance to them.  The mission prerogatives were well completed by now; so, they too were generally left with a plethora of time on their hands.  The next stages of research, for everyone, would require going to the planet and testing directly, or would require more subjects.  All of this was currently out of the question.
Steve was the exception on the ship.  He was absorbed constantly in his duties: dealing with Central Command, learning Aspiria’s language, and preparing reports.  Central Command spent hours with him each day, and he always returned from his briefings looking worn and stressed.  He seemed to enjoy his language sessions, and he, perhaps more than because of duty, spent the hours trying to get away from his other stresses.
Mike was on the deck alone, and trying to read, but unable to get into his book.  Steve walked in from his meeting with Central Command.  Mike looked up, expecting him.  Lately they had not talked much, mostly because of Steve’s schedule, but also because of the secret that they shared.  Steve was supposed to man the deck, and Mike started to get up.
“Do you have a few minutes?” Steve asked.
“If there is one thing that I’ve got, it’s time.  What can I do for you, Captain?” 
“Have I mentioned my little brother to you before?”
“Yeah, I think you have…Mark, isn’t it?”
“Things are getting bad back home.  He took a real bad beating.  Sent him to the hospital with a bad concussion, and broken ribs…all because he is my brother.  Central Command is considering requesting protection for our families.  I’ve got to get back to Mark.  He only has me and our grandfather; I don’t think Gramps is up to the job, not with all this going on.”
“They’re not going to let you go back to earth, now, are they?”
“I haven’t spoken about it with Central Command.  Look, you know what’s going on with Tammy and me.”  He dropped his voice, and then got up and closed the door to the bridge.  He also disengaged the microphones.  “If we come clean, it may allow me to take the fall for this mission, and then the President and Central Command can save face.  I’ll go home disgraced; but, hey, it looks like that is happening anyway.  Then, I can focus on helping Mark, and starting my own family.  Maybe when things calm down, I’ll be looked at sympathetically, and have some place in this whole history.  Either way, what I care about most is helping out Mark, Tammy, and our new little one.  The rest of us all want to get out of here for now.  Another mission, with more objectives, might bring anyone who wants to come back; but we are wasting our time at this point.  I think that it’s well past time for Aspiria to get back to her family.”
“Are they going to let you just send her back?  ‘Thanks for coming to space camp—don’t forget to write!’”
“I’ve told her that she will go back home.  She deserves nothing less.  She could be a real asset for future missions.  She and I are the only ones who can actually communicate with each other’s species, and I may not be getting an ambassador ship anytime soon with what I am about to explain to them.  We are going to need friends on that planet.  If I’ve done anything right, it’s that I haven’t alienated the alien.”
“The people on earth are freaked out about her and the rest of them.  I know it’s crazy, but what will happen if we let her go, and then she shares all that she knows about us, which is a lot, with them?  I like her a lot, but I don’t think that we can just say, ‘thanks for your time, enjoy your life.’  There is no way she is just going back.”
“I trust her.  She is good.  I think that she trusts me, and I am not going to let her down,” Steve said, more forcefully than he intended.
“Would you do it on your own accord, or disobey Central Command?  If you do, Tammy’s pregnancy will be the least of your concerns.  I don’t mind keeping quiet about the baby, but I have a career in front of me.  I won’t help you disobey orders.”
“You don’t think that it will come to that, do you?” Steve asked more softly.
“I don’t know.  The way you are talking, and everything that’s going on, I’m just saying…”
“Tammy said the same thing yesterday.  But, I think that I still have some clout…maybe not after I reveal the pregnancy, though.  I may need to work on getting Aspiria back first, and then spill the beans.  It’s not going to be pretty, no matter how I look at this.”  He sat quietly for a few minutes.  “No, I’ve got to get the ball rolling and get back.  It will be better for everyone.  No one at Central Command, nor the President, has any idea what to do at this point.  If I let them know, it will get things going, and I think I can manage to get her back at that point.”
“Is Tammy in on you spilling the beans?”
“She has been in on everything from the beginning, that’s how these things work.  We share the consequences.”
“Yeah, but does she agree to it…this way?” said Mike looking his Captain directly in the eyes.
“I’m going to talk with her right now.  Do you mind keeping the deck a little longer?  I’m not overworking you, am I?”  Mike was feeling underworked, but sitting on the bridge, reading a book, wasn’t much work, either.
“No problem,” Mike responded.
“Thanks for talking with me.  I’m glad that you are here.”  Steve meant it sincerely.
Mike gave him a friendly solute and returned to his book.
Steve headed towards the lab.  He was relieved to find Tammy alone; Aspiria was cooking with Bob and Danny.  Steve shut and locked the lab door, causing Tammy to turn around and look at him curiously.  They were used to looking for ways to talk privately, but Steve had never been so overt before.
“We’ve got to talk,” he said.
“I can see that,” she said motioning to the door with her head.
“My little brother took a bad beating, all because of me, and our mission.  I’m ready to get back.  It’s time to help my family—him, and us.”  He tried to smile sweetly, but the sorrow and strain that he was immersed with showed through too much.  Tammy did not speak or offer an expression.  “Like I said yesterday, I’m ready to confess and get this over with.  I think that we can all be back on earth soon, and move on with better things.  This mission is all wound up anyway; it’s time to get going.”
“Steve, I know that you have a lot going on.  But you don’t listen very well.  I’m not confessing to anything.  I’m going to get everything back on track.  It may take a while, and it may not go as I had envisioned it, but I still possess the most important scientific research in centuries.  I am not giving it up.”
“They are going to find out.  Confessing may help…”
“No one is going to find out anything.”
“How?  What do you mean?”
She looked down, and then away.  Her tears were all dried up, but the emotion returned.  She paused for several moments, and then looked at him.  His face did not show any hint of understanding.  “I told you that I didn’t want that child.  I aborted it last night.  I’m not pregnant anymore; it’s over…it’s all over.”
Steve felt a sickness, and a sadness, growing profoundly within him.  It had never occurred to him that she would do this on her own.  He thought that she was just trying to help—to consider her options.  She was scared, and this was just one possible scenario.  He looked at her with shock.  He did not feel any anger, it was something beyond anger that he felt towards her.  He was heartbroken, he was disillusioned, and he felt overwhelming sorrow.  He had a child that was now gone.  He had found the woman with whom he wanted to spend the rest of his life, to make a family with, and experience all the joys and sorrows thereof together.  It was as though he was looking at a familiar face, but seeing a complete stranger.  The only word that came to his mind was, why?  But he could not bring himself to ask.  He could not bring himself to say anything; it did not seem like it would matter.
Tammy was getting uncomfortable in the silence.  She, too, looked like she wanted speak, but could not bring herself to it.  She came up and embraced him.  To which he did not return the embrace.  She did not hold tight, seeing that it was not being returned, but neither did she let go.  He did not back away, or reject her advance, but stood there as a statue for some seconds.  He slowly brought his arms up and placed them on her back lightly, more as a gesture of politeness than anything else, as he certainly felt no closeness to her at this moment.  Numbness was all he felt.
As she continued to hold on, some feeling began to return, and at first it manifested itself as anger; but he would not dignify that.  “I don’t know what to say,” he finally said calmly and deliberately.
“I thought that you would be upset, but that we’d get over it.  Now, I don’t know what to think.  I didn’t think that it meant this much to you.”
“You’re right; we really aren’t ready for a family.  We don’t know each other at all.”  Still there was no sign of anger; he was just verbalizing the thoughts that were entering his mind.
She backed out of the embrace with her hands holding onto his biceps and looked at his eyes, which were not looking at hers; he stared into the distance.  After a moment, he did look at her face.  He could see that her eyes were red, and he could see the tear stains around her eyes.  She had been crying.  It occurred to him, for the first time, that she had gone through this alone, and that it was not easy for her.  His heart, that had its door slammed shut, opened just a bit.  He felt a hint of tenderness and sorrow for what she had been going through.
She noticed the change in his countenance, and felt some relief.  “How is your brother?”  The change in subject was awkward, but so was the current state of things.
“Not good.  He was beaten very badly…he’s only thirteen years old; it was all because of me—because of this mission.”
“Are you going to try to get back home?”
He looked her square in the eyes and didn’t speak for several seconds.  She felt uncomfortable in his glance, but dared not look away.  “He’s going to get protection now.  I have no reason to leave this mission.  I’m going to finish up this mission right, and then go home and make sure that he is okay.”
She could feel the significance of his words.  His brother had been the final straw, allowing him to have the courage to do what he felt that he had to do for her, and the fetus she had just aborted.  He loved his brother, and he did want to help him; but going home and giving everything up would have been for her.  
Now that had all changed, and the loss that she had been feeling was magnified, and clearer.  It was her relationship with Steve that she felt the most sorrow over, not the baby.  It would have been so much easier if he was angry and they had fought.  Feelings would have been hurt, but they could have had it out; and then, maybe, they could make up and get the relationship back to where she wanted it to be.  But this was different.  There was no fight, no anger, and no words spoken that should not have been.  There was nothing for him to apologize for, or for him to feel remorse for.  There was a chasm between them, and he had not created it: she had.  She had nothing to apologize for; she was not sorry that she had aborted the child.  She was sorry that there was this chasm, but saying ‘I’m sorry,’ wouldn’t express that.  Her feminine charms were not going to have any effect at this time; that was clear as well.  He loved her, and because of the pain that she was going through his heart had shown some softening, but, how much, and for how long it would last, she did not know.
“I don’t think that it will be long before our mission is over; it does seem that everything is wrapping up.  I hope that he’s okay.”
“Thank you, Tammy.  How are you feeling?  Do you need anything?  Do you need some time off?”
“I’ve bled a lot, and I’ve been cramping.  I’ve been a little weak at times.  I don’t know.  I took some time, yesterday.  I’ll take time, or rest, as I need it.  I’ll let you know.”
“Alright…I’m needed on deck, I need to relieve Mike.”
“Okay.  Goodbye,” she said as he walked toward the labs shut door.  He did not turn around, or say ‘goodbye.’



Chapter 41





“Caryell, my son, wake up.”
Caryell was typically a light sleeper, and rarely did he require being woken by his father.  It was already late in the morning, and Roloff had exciting news for him.  Caryell, for his part, was waking from a deep and sweet sleep.  He had an awakening in himself the evening before, and sleep could not find him for several hours after he had turned into bed.  The image of the young beauty was still on the forefront of his mind as his consciousness returned.
Roloff could see the happiness on his face, even as he awoke and opened his eyes.  “I see that you had a very nice evening, last night.  Did you enjoy the theater?”
“Yes.  Yes, I did.”
“Well, I’m pleased.  Listen, Uncle Priori has let me know that another sighting of the craft should be apparent just after dark tonight.  They’ve been able to catalog the various sightings, and calculated when it should appear again.  We were going to return back home today, but now I want to stay and see if the calculations are correct.  If they are, then we will at least have proof that there is a craft orbiting our world.  I’m sure, under these circumstances that we can extend more time on your school work.  Do you think that it will be alright?”
“Yes!  I will see the craft that Mother is in, won’t I?”
“Yes, I believe so.  The science institute is very excited about the findings, and so is the Mayor.  I think that we may be with a rather large group tonight.  I will need to get back and tell the rest of Arkasia tomorrow, but it will be good to have it all confirmed tonight.  This is very important for us, but it is important for everyone else, too.”
“Yes, Father.”
“I have a meeting with Mayor Tinron in about an hour, along with some of their top scientists.  Uncle Priori will be there as well.  I want you to get up and get ready, have a good breakfast, and then come to Uncle Priori’s—do you know the way?”
“I do.  It is not hard to find.”
Roloff was sitting on the bed beside Caryell.  He got up and began to leave, and then turned back, sat down again and embraced Caryell.  Father and son embraced tenderly, and then looked at each other with a happiness and joy that they had not felt in a long time together.

***
“Mayor Palador, it is so good that you will be able to stay.  I see that your experience…your sighting, has been confirmed throughout the city.  I trust that these men, around you, have made excellent calculations.  I expect that we will see this object…this craft this evening.  I have been considering the circumstances.  These are serious considerations,” he said reflectively and then paused somewhat uncomfortably.  
“On the whole, I do not know if it will be good or not to confirm this sighting.  I think of your lovely wife, Aspiria, and how this gives you so much hope.  Yet, it concerns me…very deeply, it concerns me that we may have visitors who are here on the sly, and may have already committed a gross violation…in taking her.”  Perspiration began to bead on the chubby man’s brow.  He tried to button his coat over his enormous belly, and failing, as always, played with the button nervously.
Now speaking more generally to the group, and not specifically to Roloff: “It is hard to say what purpose they would have in coming to our world, and not wishing to communicate with us in general—instead, taking a beloved woman, the wife of the honorable Mayor Palador, and…hopefully, communicating with her.  And so, this brings us to the dilemma; to the decision—the decisions that we are to make.  Assuming that we confirm this sighting tonight, what are we to do about it.  Seeing it, confirming it, so to speak, will only bring us to a full knowledge; but what are we to do about it then.  I speak in two regards: the rest of the people here, and the visitors—the perpetrators.
“Mayor Palador has been very discreet, in this regard.  He did not share his concerns with anyone from Arkasia, in order that he might not cause concern; at least not until he had his suspicions confirmed.  But now they are confirmed, at least in part, and this evening they may be confirmed in total; so, do we share this knowledge completely and fully with all…with everyone in the entire city—with all the towns and villages?  What would result?  We do not know much at all about our visitors.  The only thing that we know—suspect—is not good: that they have taken, by force, one of ours.  That they snatched her from near her home, right from her child—that they ran as cowards, and have kept themselves at a distance.  So, would we share this with everyone, or would we share simply that they are here?  I don’t see how, in Arkasia, the people would not suspect all that I am sharing.  Eventually, word of this suspicion would spread to everyone, anyway.
“If they struck again, and the people were not warned when they could have been, would we be responsible for harm to others?  Yet, if they mean no further harm, and we get everyone alarmed, what harm might occur unnecessarily.  You may see why I hope, in spite of the hope I have for Mrs. Palador, that this is not confirmed tonight.  Truly, I don’t want it to be real, but I’m afraid that I don’t put much stock in that possibility.  I am nearly completely confident that it will be, indeed, confirmed this evening with a sighting of this light—of this vessel.
“Now, this leads me to the other problem that we face, namely this: what do we do in regards to the visitors?  
“Do we try to communicate with them?  This presents a major challenge in and of itself.  Even if we want to communicate with them, how do we do this?  But, I will come to this later.  If we do not communicate with them, then will they continue to circle the world, with one of our own?  We may know when we will have sightings of the craft.  Do we continue to look up and watch it, and do nothing about it.  If there is any hope of having them stop their cowardice and communicate with us, then perhaps we will have to make an introduction, so to speak.  Perhaps they are shy…”  A little laugh came from the group, helping to break the tension of the difficulty of his speech.
“What would happen if we let them know that we know that they are there?  It could scare them off; but, it could also encourage them to come and speak with us.  Perhaps we could then get the beloved Mrs. Palador back, and find out what their intentions are.  It may be interesting to learn of them, and from them.  Gentlemen, they clearly know much about science that would be of great value to you.  If we know what they want, perhaps we could give it to them, and receive knowledge from them.  Either way, at least Mayor Palador may get his wife back.
“At any rate, there are risks; but I don’t see how we, sitting on our hands, will ever accomplish anything.  The last thing is this: if they can travel from another world to ours, and they can land on ours, and then return to their orbit, then they can leave and be gone, perhaps even for good.  We may never know, and never see Aspiria again.  So, we can’t deliberate forever.  We don’t know how long the window of our opportunity is.  And so, this is my proposal: I propose that we make our suspicions and concerns generally known throughout the city today.  We let the people in, and let them share this moment of discovery with us tonight.  We must be examples of calm, and not let them see fear in our eyes.  We don’t know what may come next, but we, as a people, are strong, and with our city unified, I believe that we can get through this together.  This will open up the possibility to communicate with them this evening.  We are empowered to turn on and off all of the electricity in the city, centrally.  If we encouraged everyone to fully light every light in their homes and businesses, then we could give them a brilliant view of our great city, about three times brighter than it would have been on any other pass by.  Then, when the craft is in view, we would cut the power off and then back on at twenty second intervals.  We suspect that they would have a view of our city for a longer period of time, than we will have of their craft; but if we do this only during the time that the craft is visible to us…I think that this would not be misunderstood…that it would not be consider coincidental…they would know that we are—we are introducing ourselves—waving to them, if you will.
“This would take the cooperation of the people, and it would allow for a communication that could not be misunderstood.  To say that I would have any idea what would happen next, would be inaccurate.  But I believe this to be the best course of action.”  The sweat had built up significantly upon his brow, and under his arms.  He actually succeeded in buttoning his coat button around his large belly, and then being uncomfortable, unbuttoned it as quickly as he could.  He surveyed the group.  A low hum was audible with some discussion now, but mostly the group was nodding.  “Are there any objections?”  There were none; at least, none were made known.
“I thank you, Mayor Tinron,” said Roloff as he looked him directly in the eyes.

***
Word of mouth communication spread like wildfire throughout the city.  As Caryell traveled to his Uncle Priori’s home, he could feel the excitement around him in the people that he saw on the streets.  He heard people speaking of the craft that would be seen, of the lights, the signal, and that visitors, from another world, were here.  He heard it discussed that they had one of their own with them, and it made him shudder to hear his mother referred to so distantly; but he knew that it was not intended to offend.  He did not disclose to strangers that this was his mother.
In his young mind, he did not comprehend what exactly the significance would be of the night.  He had been excited that he could see where his mother was tonight, and watch her move across the sky; but now he wondered if they would land and return her tonight?  This had not been spoken, and so he kept this wish to himself.  Still, he thought that something like this must be happening, for everyone was so excited.  He did not see evidence of much concern, but his sample size of experience was rather limited.  Still, what concerns were there were generally eclipsed by the excitement and wonderment that the people were feeling.
Aunt Kaytil was the only one home when he arrived.  She greeted him with a big smile, and proceeded to tell him the news that he was now already filled in with.  Still, the news was worth a rehearing and he listened with excitement.  She offered him a glass of citrusy fruit juice and ice.  He took it to the swing outside and slowly swung back and forth, occasionally sipping the juice.  He had received an emotional overload over the past twelve hours, or so.  His mind raced incoherently from thoughts of his mother, to the excitement around town, to the memory of the young lady—he replayed her smile over and over again in his mind.  He thought of the play, and the themes of love, and to Miigal and Jeriyal.  He thought of fishing with his father, and exploring in the mountains.  He remembered the deer that he had found the night that his mother disappeared, and he thought of the searches.  He imagined what the craft would have been like, sitting on the rocky clearing.  Is that where it would land again?  He tried to image what it would be like to live inside something like that, away from the world; but it was too incomprehensible.  Mother would tell him all about it.
He found himself looking up at the blue sky, and watching formations in the cloud.  It was an exceptionally comfortable day, with radiant heat from his sun warming him, and the crisp breeze cooling him.  Aunt Kaytil’s garden was filled with brilliant colors, and he occasionally looked at some brilliant purple flowers in the distance; they were large, and attached to sturdy green stems coming up from the long, broad, and strong leaves that seemed to start from the roots and then curved upwards ending in dull points.  Mother loved Kaytil’s garden, and she would have also stared at those flowers.  He could image sitting next to his mother, here on the swing.  He would have loved to tell her all about the theater.  She would have listened, and smiled, and enjoyed his telling of the experience.  Maybe he could do that, and perhaps not long from now.  He wouldn’t have told her about the beautiful girl and the feelings in his heart; but he would have thought of the girl while sitting next to his mother, and her presence would have brought peace; at least he imagined so.
He thought of his father, and how proud he was of him.  He had figured out something that was now turning this city upside down, and he discovered something that even all of these smart scientists had not.  His father was the most amazing man in the world and he could do anything.  He was doing the impossible.  He was getting his mother back.  Caryell had lost her, but his father was not mad at him; instead, he was going to rectify this mistake, and return everything back to normal.
Hours passed in this manner, and he was happy.  He saw his father come out the door, and look in his direction.  
“Father,” he said getting off the swing and walking towards him.  “It will not be long now, will it?”
“My son, it will not be long at all.  Everyone is meeting here.  Aunt Kaytil has prepared a nice meal, and then we are meeting near the town center with Mayor Tinron, and many of the other dignitaries.  We should have a great view.”
“Will Mother return…tonight?”
“I don’t know what will happen.  I hope that she will return soon.  We may just see the craft, and then try and signal it.  It may not be any more than that tonight.  But, no one really knows.  I hope we see her soon.”

***
“Hey, champ, come over and sit by us.”  Jeriyal and Miigal were sitting on a bench together, just a little bit away from the rest of the group, who were mostly standing.  It had gotten cool now with the sun gone down and still a crisp breeze.  Miigal wore a shawl, and was clenching it around her front.  She leaned forward a bit, and had Jeriyal’s arm around her.  Her eyes looked exceptionally bright in the artificial light surrounding them.  She looked Caryell directly in the eyes as he walked toward them.  He again saw his mother in that gaze, and it gave him a bit of a shiver.  “We’ve seen it; so, we will be better at helping you find it than all those science types over there that haven’t seen it yet,” he said with a smile and a wink.  Caryell smiled too and sat beside Miigal on the bench.
At first, it felt like it was taking forever—staring at the sky and seeing some stars, but nothing else.  Mayor Tinron was pacing nervously and kept checking his watch.  An assistant of his was staying close to him, and also checking his watch.  Mayor Tinron continued to give him instructions, and he continued to nod at them.  Roloff wandered amongst the scientists and various family members.  He seemed calm, compared to his excitement over the past couple of days.
“Any moment now…keep your eyes up that way.”  He stared until his eyes burned from not blinking.  The seconds continued to disappear, and still nothing was being seen.  He glanced at the group standing; everyone was looking in the same direction.  He noticed that Mayor Tinron looked at his assistant, and then began talking and gesticulating nervously.  Then he heard an audible gasp from the group and looked back up.  There it was, racing across the sky.  He felt a chill run down his spin.  He watched as the group became silent.  Then all the lights in the city went off—and the sky became blacker, and the light, shooting across the sky, became brighter.  He felt peace, excitement, and awe intertwined.  He had never doubted that he would see this tonight, but the reality was astounding to him.  Miigal put her arm around him, but he did not move; he only stared.  The lights came back on, and the craft, while still in his view dimmed exceedingly.

***
“Starlean, hurry up…I see it!”
The girl flipped on a final light and ran gracefully across the front lawn to the blanket laid out and already occupied by her older sister.
“Look!”
She turned and looked, and saw the light—the craft hurling across the sky.
“Sit down, you’re in my way.”
Starlean sat down as all the lights in the city went out, and a strange silence ensued.  It was eerily dark and quiet.  She expected the darkness, but the silence she did not.  Next to her home was the electrical substation, and she had become completely accustomed to the hum that it generated.  Now, with the power cut, the hum was also gone.  It felt magical to her, sitting in silence, in the pitch blackness, and watching a shooting star; but it wasn’t really a shooting start.  It was a vessel with visitors from another world, and even one of their own was on board.  She was mesmerized, and her crystal-blue eyes were glued to the spectacle.  Then, the hum came back momentarily before all of the lights.  She lay back on the blanket with her long blond hair now spread out underneath her.  A smile spread across her face, a beautiful smile.  As pretty as she was, her smile elevated her beauty to a new height.  Laying there, looking up at the sky, with the artificial light bathing her, she was the picture of youth, and beauty, and happiness.



Chapter 42





“What’s this?” James and Kenny were looking over some readings, while Mike was thumbing through a report.  Kenny looked over with interest at James’ excited question, but Mike did not seem to have even heard.  “It appears that the city is lit up like a Christmas tree.  Electrical and luminance readings are 2.7 times higher than usual.”
“Maybe they have some sort of festival going on,” said Kenny.  “I wonder why Aspiria wouldn’t have mentioned it.”
“I doubt that she tells us everything.  She’s smart.  She is very cooperative, but I’m sure she holds back plenty.”  Mike had never let his guard down, nor would he.  He liked Aspiria fine, but he would never trust her.
“I want a look.”  James made his way toward the observation window.  Kenny followed, but Mike stayed seated.  He wasn’t interested in seeing the city a little brighter.  After a few moments, he realized that he also wasn’t interested in the report or sitting in the room alone.  He wanted to have companionship, and this was as good as it got these days.  So he dropped the report on the table, and made his way toward the window.
“Yeah, it does look brighter, James.”  It really wasn’t very exciting, but boredom had seized upon the crew to such an extent, that anything, even somewhat out of the ordinary, would draw them in.
Then it happened, the lights throughout the city went out, nearly simultaneously.  The surrounding towns, showed a hint of light, but the city was completely dark.	  Kenny and James looked at each other in disbelief.  
“Did they blow their circuits?” asked Mike.  No one answered.  They stared at the dark globe until the lights came on again.
“Somethin’ is goin’ on down there,” said James significantly.  
As the lights went off again Kenny piped in, “It’s about every twenty seconds that it switches.  I think that it’s a signal.”
“I think you’re right.  They’ve seen us, they’ve calculated our orbit, and they want us to know.  We are definitely not incognito, anymore.”  Mike had warned about this likelihood.  He spoke with somberness.  He did not like seeing his prophesy come true.  The men watched for a couple of minutes longer until the lights came on and stayed on.  They watched for a while until the lights from the city were out of view.
“The signal was timed, not for the period that the city was in our view, but for the time that our ship was in view to them.  That was an unequivocal signal.”  James was verbalizing his thoughts.
“Captain Jenners has a communication coming up soon.  We better get him up to speed, so that he can report it.”

***
“Yes sir, without question it was a signal from the planet’s surface.  They are aware of our presence.”
“Does the captive know?”
“No sir, she did not witness it, and she was not informed.”
“Good.”
“Sir, if I may…I would like to report my recommendations.”
“Go ahead, Captain Jenners.”
“Thank you, sir.  Our current mission is complete.  Aspiria has been cooperative, and besides us holding her captive, I do believe that she looks on us as having treated her well.  We are on friendly terms with her.  I think that she would make a great ambassador for us.
“I recommend returning her to her world.  The place that we landed before is within a short walk to her home.  We could land, allow her to leave the ship, and return to orbit within sixty seconds.
“I am confident that she would hold our interests in high regard.  Then, through prearrangement with her, have a meeting some weeks later.  We both know of each other’s existence.  It is true that she has seen much here, but I don’t see any evidence that she could replicate any of our technology.  She knows nothing of our fourth-dimensional travel.  This course would allow for our worlds to begin a dialog.”
“Captain, you are receiving the reports as to what is going on, back on earth, are you not?”
“Yes, sir.”
“I think that it is naive to think that this alien race would not have a planetary reaction similar to ours.  In fact, the evidence of our superior technology and capacity would only rile them up.  Returning back, at a prearranged time, would be heading into a death trap,” explained Commander Wiston.
“It is possible; I accept that possibility.  But their world has a different perspective than ours.  They are not shocked, nor surprised by our existence.  They are merely surprised that we came to them.  They don’t know why we would come to their world, when we have everything that they have on our own world.  It is my opinion that they would behave differently.”
“That is possible, Captain Jenners.  However, we face additional problems, based upon the reaction back home.  If we return the captive, the people throughout the world will have a conniption fit.   They are afraid to give anything away.  They will be afraid that the aliens know that we are here—that we exist.  There are cries daily for us to go in and annihilate them.  Returning her could lead to revolt, revolution, and excessive violence.  Think about your brother, Mark; he and many others would be at great risk.  If our world is in that kind of turmoil, we may not be able to protect him.”
“I understand that the same type of thing could happen if we return to earth with her.  What are we to do with her, then?”
“We are still considering our options.  It has been hoped that time would bring a settling to the world, but so far the fear, and the violence, and the unrest, is growing.  The President considers our first priority to return the earth to stability.”
“I see the risk, sir.  However, I still recommend the course that I have described.  If, within a few weeks, we have made contact, and peaceful relations are set up with the leaders of her world, the people will begin to see how irrational their fears have been.”  Captain Jenners spoke with clarity and confidence.  He felt inside that, indeed, what he was proposing was the right course of action.
“Now that they know that we are here, we will have to do something soon.  I will consider your recommendations and relay them to the President.  In the meantime, carry on with your orbit.  We will bring you further instructions when we have them.  Good day, Captain.”
“Yes, sir; good day,” Captain Jenners broke off.

***
“Well that settles that,” Commander Wiston said aloud as he turned to his assistant.  “Jackson, get Carryman on with me, pronto.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Jenners is too close to the alien.  His mindset is all wrong.  I wanted to give him the chance, but it’s no use.  I thought maybe the news about his brother would get him back to earth, so to speak, but no…”
“Yes, sir, I’ve got Captain Carryman, sir.”
“Put him on.”
“Commander Wiston, Carryman here, sir.”
“Captain Carryman, I’m splitting the mission into two, and you are leading the attack.”
“Yes, sir.”
“What is the status with the choreography?” asked Commander Wiston.
“It’s done.  It is very impressive.  I’ll get you the computer models ASAP.  I’ll be honest; I thought that the idea was crazy at first, but now that I see it, it’s brilliant, sir.”
“Good.  Here is how it is going to work: we are keeping Captain Jenners in the dark throughout the attack.  He’ll be informed immediately afterword and given instructions on completing the mission.  He’ll still be given the credit for overall operations, but you will have the credit for the attack itself.  I believe that it is too risky to have the ship, with the alien onboard, aware of the attack at all.  Who knows what could happen, with her on board while the crew is involved in the attack?  So, we are going to time it such that they are on the other side of the planet during the attack.  The mission must be completed before Captain Jenners comes back around.  Will that be a problem?”
“No, sir; that should be very easy.  The choreography, as you call it, calls for the attack to begin near dusk.  We want to have plenty of light, so that we can video the destruction of several structures.  It will be very impressive.  We just need to make sure that their orbit is far enough away when it is dusk.  We don’t want to spend any significant time in 3D orbit.  We’d rather arrive, get into position and begin.  They will have too much to worry about, once it begins, to count our ships in orbit,” Captain Carryman said with obvious enthusiasm.  He was thrilled to be given the command of this operation.
“Tell me how it will come off; what will be the view back home?” asked Commander Wiston.  He, too, was feeling an adrenaline rush.  This would be the first combat operation of the Space Force.
“Two ships will come into 3D.  They will be in position to each video the same scene, for stereoscopic viewing back home.  Once they have the shot that we are looking for, the third ship comes into 3D from the other side and releases the missile.  We should have fantastic views of the destruction at dusk for several of the identified structures.  Then, as it gets darker, we pan the video out, and show that the entire electrical structure of the city is going out. We’ll show the city lights go out section by section with a full screen view of the entire city.  We could take out the central power quickly, but that would defeat the purpose of the attack.  We want the tight shots to be impressive.  So, instead, we will take out the substations one by one.  I do think that it will be impressive to see the up-close destruction first, and then the overall city going dark.  I think that we can meet all of our objectives in impressive style—without actually causing too much harm to the alien race.”
“How much collateral damage will there be?” asked the commander in a serious tone.  “Will many of the aliens be killed or injured?”
“The most deaths will come at the administration center, and at the science center.  It will be at dusk, so they will not be completely full, according to intelligence, but we need to hit them first.  They will be the largest structures that we take out, and it will need to be light enough for the visual effect that we want.  Other hits may kill some, but not many.  Still, we should be able to level their technology and power grid, put on a great show for the viewing public, and still not kill too many of them.  They will be able to continue on.  They have not been living with electrical technology for long, according to Captain Jenner’s reports, so I don’t think it will disrupt their lives too much.  If they are as intelligent as we think they are, they are not likely to try and rebuild the technology any time soon.  I think that we can pacify the public’s fears, while not causing too much harm to this world.  After this show, I think everyone back home will feel empowered, and not feel so threatened anymore.”  Captain Carryman was more calmed and subdued now.  
“So you will keep the producer on board with you, Captain?”
“Yes, we will stay in high 3D orbit.  We will run the attack, and produce the show all from the deck.  He is very impressive, for a civilian.  I never expected to command an attack alongside a Hollywood producer, but I think that the video will present just what we are looking for.  He is helping us to produce the effect, while keeping the damage to a minimum.  Sir, I think that you will be very pleased with the results.”  Once again Captain Carryman was feeling proud and excited.
“It will be on a one hour delay, for earth viewing.  Do you think that we should go a little longer on delay, to account for any problems?”
“Sir, I don’t.  I don’t think that we want to give anyone the idea that we are feeding the public doctored images.  Let’s send it live.  I think that the pre-production will be enough; post-production or editing will only cause suspicion.”
“Good,” said Commander Wiston.  “I quite agree.  How soon can we have everyone in position?”
“I’ll look at Captain Jenners orbit, and let you know.  It is a matter of days, sir.”
“Good.  Let’s get this PR nightmare past us and start looking for other worlds—ones that might actually pose a threat.”
“Yes, sir.  Thank you, sir.”
“Jackson,” snapped Commander Wiston as the connection ended.
“Yes, sir.”
“I hope the President knows what he is doing.  We may be taking a world—a race that we could get along with—and turn them into our enemies, just to appease the fearful masses.”

***
“Steve, are you okay?”
“I haven’t been okay in quite some time.”
“I know…I mean since yesterday,” asked Tammy cautiously.
“It is going to take some time.  I’m no pacifist, but I don’t like senseless killing, of any sort.  I would never take the life of one of my own.”
“It wasn’t alive; not yet anyway.  It wasn’t a child, it was a potential child.  It was hard for me to destroy the potential too, but I didn’t kill it…I stopped it—the potential I stopped.”
“I’m not sure that I will ever see it that way,” said Steve in a serious tone.
“Is it over with us?” she asked, truly wondering.
“No.  I don’t know.  I need some space…some time to think.  I love you, but I don’t know how I can live with this; and right now you remind me of what could have been, and what is gone now.  Listen, I am speaking too harshly.  It’s not just you, and this.  Something is going on that Central Command is not telling me.  They’ve got something cooking that they don’t want to let me in on.”
“What is it?”
“I don’t know.  I didn’t get much sleep.  I need some rest.  Just give me some time; let me sort this out.”  He walked up to her and gave her a cool embrace and a short kiss.  



Chapter 43





“Father, what will happen now?”
“We will see.  It is too much to expect that we will have answers this quickly.”  The Paladors were nearly back home, after a long walk.  Caryell did not feel like he was the same person that had left, just a few days before.  He had experienced things, and he now saw the world through different eyes.  The town seemed so sparse, so open and so without—without people, entertainment, and excitement.  He had always loved the outdoors, and the friendships that he enjoyed here.  But he now saw a world that had previously been hidden from his sight, and he wanted more of it.  He had also had his eyes opened to the fact that even his world, even the city, was not the pinnacle of what existed out there.  There were other worlds, and they could do even more than what could be done in the city.  This idea wasn’t brand new, but it had been spiritual and abstract, and now it was concrete and right before his eyes.  He did not believe that any of the young ladies that he had seen so much of in Arkasia could compare to the angel that he had seen in the city.
Still he was holding out some hope that his mother would be returned soon, and he imagined that this would happen at the rocky clearing.  For this he was excited to get back home, and see if there had been any news.  Reveling in his own thoughts, he did not see the figure ahead of them, nor did he notice that the figure was waving excitedly.  That is, until his father spoke, and brought him back to his current reality.
“Seryen, it is so good to see you.”
Within moments, Seryen had approached them and looked very relieved.  He did not know where the Paladors had gone, and he was concerned.  He was also concerned about the direction of the local politics.  He spoke to Roloff about his concerns, about losing the election, and some of the stories going around town, that were not true.  “Bastian is not being entirely truthful with the town, about you and I.  I think that he will say anything to get the people against me—even untruths about you, Roloff.”
This may have been of more of a concern to Roloff some weeks ago, but now it all seemed so superfluous and irrelevant to him; still, he listened politely.  “We will address all of this in time, Seryen.  I have a great deal of information that I’m afraid will put these concerns to the side, for now.”  He went on to explain everything to Seryen.  Seryen’s face went white, and he looked like he might need help in closing his jaw, as his mouth sat opened for nearly the entire telling of it.  Occasionally, Seryen looked towards Caryell, as if to say, “are you sure that you want to tell me all of this in front of your son?”  But Caryell was not surprised by anything being told; it was not new to him.  His calm demeanor helped to keep Seryen from becoming unnerved.
“Since last night, you have not seen or heard anything, I take it?” asked Roloff, after relating the events involving the orbiting craft.
“No, I had no idea, but I certainly have not seen, nor heard anything.  Shall we keep this quiet?”
“Certainly not,” Roloff said resolutely.  “The whole city now knows, and they have witnessed the craft themselves— last night.  We don’t know what further intentions these visitors may have, so we need to inform everyone.  I hope—now that they know that we are aware of them—that they will return Aspiria.  I simply pray that she is well, and that she will be with us soon.  I am hopeful, but I don’t know what will happen from here.”  He spoke with a calm assurance, yet still with some doubt in his eyes.
“I will begin at once to inform everyone.  Prianna will be thrilled that you are back, and she will want you to come for dinner tonight.”
“You are too kind, my friend.  I need to go home and rest some, and then I will come by.  I am sorry that I cannot go with you now, but I really must rest.”  He truly did regret not being able to go with Seryen, in large part because of the concern he had in Seryen telling the story.  It was a fantastic story, but it could be told in such a way to lessen, rather than incite fear.  Seryen had a way of making things out to be worse than they really were.  But, he was tired, and Seryen had assumed most of his Mayoral duties for the past several weeks; he would trust in him.
As they arrived home, Caryell’s youthful vigor, which far surpassed Roloff’s, did not require him to rest.  “Father, I would like to take a walk to the rocky clearing.  I want to look—to see if anything has happened; I don’t think that it has, but I want to look.”  Roloff was mildly concerned, but saw the earnestness in Caryell’s eyes.  He saw a young man who had grown and matured over the past few weeks, in particular the past several days, and he simply let him go.
Caryell did not want to just walk to the clearing; he wanted to re-live the night of his mother’s disappearance.  He wanted to see if anything new had happened.  He would see everything with new eyes, and he didn’t want to wait any longer.  He began in the woods.  No footprints remained, but he saw where he knew that the deer lay, and where he had been told that his mother had fallen.  He followed the path where the footsteps had been.  He reached the clearing, and walked to where some tracks had been.  Nothing looked different, it was rather disappointing.  He somehow expected to see something new, something different—a clue, or a sign.  He wanted to come upon the clearing and see his mother walking towards him, just recently brought back.  He no longer knew what was possible, or what was real.
After kicking some stones around for a while, and wandering around, he decided to head back.  Something inside of him began to urge him to stop.  He had now stepped inside of the woods, and turned and looked back.  There was nothing, not a sound or a thing in sight.  He began to press forward again, and he felt the urge to stop.  He stopped and looked around, then listened.  Nothing was out of the ordinary.  Everything was calm, quiet, and peaceful.  He felt peaceful.  The urge inside of him, that had caused him to stop, felt different now.  He began to feel the urge to pray.  He had said his prayers that morning before setting off, and he always said his prayers before going to bed.  He had prayed at other times, when the need arose, but why did he feel the need to pray right now?
He took a few more steps forward, and then stopped and dropped to his knees.  He began to say a prayer in silence, and then felt inside that it should be aloud.  He had never prayed aloud, when he was by himself.  It felt strange, but he began to pray out loud just the same.  First he felt an overwhelming comfort and peace.  He did not know what to pray about, but then the words seemed to come into his mind, and he spoke them as he felt them.  He prayed over everything that had been on his mind, and especially his mother.  With time, the words to the prayer slowed, and then stopped.  But the prayer was not over.  Instead, he could feel words coming to him; not words that he should say, but instead words that he should hear, or feel.  
Caryell believed in God, and he had never felt any doubts.  Now, however, he knew that God lived.  He felt His presence, and felt His spirit communicating to his own.  He was told that all would be well; that all things were in His hands, and that he had no reason to fear.  He was told that his mother was being looked after, and that whatever happened, he was to trust in Him.  He was told that he was loved—truly loved—that he was loved such that he could not comprehend it.  He was told that his Savior was real.  He was told to not worry about what would happen from here, nor to worry that his mother’s disappearance was his fault.  Instead, he was to live his life, and to do good.  Caryell listened for a while longer, and then realized that the communication was over.  He felt peace, comfort, and security.  He knew that God lived, that He loved him and his mother.  All would be well; he was at peace, and he was filled with joy.



Chapter 44





Three more reports lay on the desk.  He rubbed his eyes—they burned and were out of focus.  “I think I’ll call it a night,” he said to himself.  Mayor Tinron got up from his desk and fiddled with his glasses.  He pushed his chair back all of the way to the window so that he could maneuver easily around his desk.  The sun was just setting; what a magnificent view he had from his office window.  He looked out over the street, and watched the people scurrying around.  His job wasn’t easy—long hours, tons of paper work, and a never-ending supply of headaches, but he loved it.  He loved the citizens, and he especially loved seeing them happy, safe, and secure.  Long nights like this were worth it, when he could look out and see the fruits of his labor.
He packed up his bag, and made his way to his coatrack.  He carefully put on his large overcoat and flipped on a scarf.  He looked around the office, and then turned out the lights as he walked out the door.  He shut the door, and then fumbled around in his pocket for his keys.  For some reason this task seemed briefly insurmountable.  Finally, he had them in his hand, and began to lock the door from the outside.

***
“Mack, is the feed on?”
“Yeah, this thing’s ready to go—let’s rock ‘n’ roll.  First scene is the administrative building.  I want it to go down hard, with lots of flames.  I want aliens on the street; I want some close-ups—aliens running and screaming after the hit.  Go to the building, then to the ZX-120 that is striking it.  Let’s see the missiles fired, then the building hit, crumbling, and on fire.  Then let’s get the aliens, scared on the street again—real close up, I want to see the fear on their faces.  The key is to get the cameras from both ships focusing on the exact same thing at the same time.  The distance between the ships will provide the stereopsis—the 3D effect for TV.  It will be so impressive.”
“Did everyone hear that?  As soon as I say go, were following Mack’s direction.  He’s making sure that the feed, back to earth, gives the people what they are looking for.  Follow the plan—precision is the key.  They have no defenses, and they have no way to attack us back.  Make your mama’s proud back home, and don’t mess up the shots.”
“Captain Carryman, it looks like everything is a go, we are just waiting for your signal.”
“Alright Mack; Lights! Camera! Action! Let the show begin!”

***
“Can ya help me with Mark ‘ere?”
“I’m alright Gramps, I can walk.”  Sometimes Mark liked to milk the attention that he was getting from his injuries—especially when he got attention from Tess.  But at other times, like now, he just wanted to feel normal.  His ribs still hurt, but he was healing up pretty well.”
“Well, th’n hurry up, ‘cause it’s about to start.”
“Yeah, they say it’s about to begin,” shouted Johnny from the room with the large 3D projector TV.  The Gilmores had invited Mark and Mr. Rickson for the televised attack on the alien world.  The Gilmores had been looking closely after Mark ever since he had taken the beating.  National Guards had been dispatched to keep an eye on him, too; but they kept a distance, and Mark was not even aware that they were hovering around.
Mark had just finished his book, and was now slowly getting up to walk toward the TV room.  Weird; who would have guessed that their weakness was that they couldn’t handle our germs?—saved by our bacteria or viruses.  In reality, we are going to be saved from the real aliens by our guns and technology.  I guess it wasn’t a bad book, considering how long ago it was written, he thought as he slowly walked into the room.

***
“Alieff, you get back here this instant.  Oh that boy, he’s going to get himself killed.  Get over here now!”  He had been climbing the fence to the substation, and was looking like he might just get over the top.  Bellerie was nearly out of breath as she walked up the slight incline towards the substation.  As she got near the top, he agilely climbed down and took off running in the direction that the other boys were headed.  She wanted to scold him, but was feeling too tired and out of breath at that instant.  Instead, now that he was out of harm’s way, she just rested her back against the fence.  She watched all of her boys running like crazy, and a smile crept over her face.  Those boys drove her mad, but they were everything to her.

***
As Mayor Tinron was walking away from his office, a thought struck him.  He stopped short, and just stood there momentarily.  He shook his head, and then slowly turned around.  After fumbling with his keys again, he opened up his office and stepped inside.  He made his way back over to his desk and began to pull the chair back from the window to the desk.  Something caught his eye.  He walked over to the window for a better look.  Two black objects were flying in the sky towards the building.  “That’s them!” he said aloud.  He stood there, gazing at the starships, dumbfounded and perplexed.  He looked around to see if there were any other ships in view—and there was.  Another black ship, heading from the other direction, was now in view.  The next thing he knew, a flash of light came from that ship, and something was speeding from it, and heading his way.

***
“Starlean, why don’t you want to come?”
“I just don’t want to.  I’m fine, I want to enjoy some time alone tonight.”
“You’re so weird; it’s going to be fun.”
“You’ll have more fun just being with your friends.  I always feel like I’m in the way.”
“Are you upset?”
“No, I’m great.  I really am.  I just don’t want to hang out with your friends tonight.  I want to finish my book.  I’m going to hang out here and read outside, while it’s still light.  I’ll be fine.  Go have fun.”
“Alright, but don’t tell Mom that I won’t let you come with me.”
“I won’t; I’m good, really.  Goodnight.”
“Goodnight.”
Starlean was dressed to go out for the evening, and she had thought about it.  But last time she had gone out with her sister, and her friends, she felt completely ignored.  It would feel less lonely to be all by herself, than to be with a group and feeling alone and left out.  Besides, she really was enjoying her book, and she loved to have an evening to herself, from time to time.
She walked outside with her book and blanket.  After arranging the blanket, and trying several positions to get comfortable, she finally just sat on the ground, crossing her legs, and opened up the book.  There was a soft cool breeze that blew her long blond hair.  She tilted her head, so that the hair wouldn’t keep getting into her eyes.  She, like always, looked lovely.  She had on a royal blue skirt, and a white blouse.  A smile crept over her face as she read—very similar to the smile that had so smitten Caryell the last time that she had gone out with her sister. 
This was the exact scene that was captured by the ZX-120’s now instantly in view, but hidden momentarily from her by the book that she was reading.

***
“Wow, did you see that.  Check out that building burn.  One shot, and it is gone.  The caption says that that building was like their capital.”  
Mr. Gilmore was enthused, but not as enthused as Johnny, who was jumping up and down and shouting, “Take that aliens, ha, ha, ha, ha.  Take that!”
Mark started to get excited, but the pain in his side kept him from getting too stirred.  After watching the building burn for a few minutes, they cut to a new scene.  In the background was some sort of old fashioned electrical equipment; but this time there was a person—an alien on the scene.  The camera’s zoomed in for a close up.  It was a girl, a young girl.  And boy was she pretty!  Mark sat up and looked forward despite the pain.  She was sitting on a blanket on her lawn, and reading a book.  They panned up close.  She was smiling, and clearly had no idea what was coming.  Mark’s heart began to pound.  She was a vision!  He had never seen such beauty as was currently before his eyes!  A shiver ran down his spine.  He wanted to shout, “RUN!”
It wouldn’t matter, she couldn’t have heard him, and what they were watching took place already an hour ago, anyway.  “It’s a girl, were not going to kill her are we?” shrieked Tess.
“Yeah, were going to take out the hot alien chick, “yelled Johnny.
“Oh, this is horrible.  Honey, maybe the children shouldn’t be watching this,” said Mrs. Gilmore turning to her husband, to which he neither responded, nor looked in her direction; he just kept focused on the scene.
The girl had now just caught a glance of the ships filming her, and her countenance changed instantly.  If it was possible that her face could turn whiter than her natural light complexion, it certainly did then.  Horror spread across her face.  She was nothing short of an angelic vision, moments before.  She was still a vision of beauty, but a tragic figure now.  Mark’s rapidly beating heart sunk.  He felt a sickness that he had never felt before.
The cameras continued to pan back, and she could be seen getting to her feet and dropping her book.  She stood there momentarily, and then began walking backwards towards the substation.  As the view continued to pan out, the ship, that would be doing the firing, appeared out of nowhere behind the girl and the substation.  For a few moments the screen showed the ship, but it had not fired.  Then, the fire came from the missile just launched.  It approached rapidly, but she backed up against the substation just before impact.  The view was panned up close again, the girl was horrified, and then the screen was bright; as the view panned out, the substation was gone, as was the girl.
“Ohhhh,” screamed Tess as she ran out of the room, looking like she was going to lose her lunch.  Mark hardly noticed.  He was shaking his head, and feeling anger build up inside of him.
“We got her,” shouted Johnny as he continued to dance around.  
Mr. and Mrs. Gilmore looked at each other with eyes wide open, neither one knowing what to do, or say.
“What‘re we doin’,” said Gramps in disgust.  “Oh, Steve, how’d ya get caught up in this?”

***
“Mack, that was pretty gruesome.  Did you need the close up shots of that girl?”
“Just giving the people what they want.  They want us to take out the aliens.  If they don’t like it, maybe that isn’t such a bad thing.”
“Are they really that bloodthirsty back home?”
“Yeah, a lot are.  Hopefully we can quench their thirst without causing too many problems.  Scene three, let’s go.”

***
Bellerie was just about ready to brave the walk back down to her house, when instantly in the sky were two large black ships heading towards her.  She stared at them in amazement.  She had heard that Aspiria was on something like this, and that they may be returning with her.  But why would they be heading directly towards her?  The idea of it was one thing, but to see it directly, that was another.  She began to feel very scared inside.

***
“Oh yeah, we got the cute one, now were going to take out the fat ugly one.”  Johnny was almost drunk with exhilaration.
“Honey, I’m going to check on Tess.  Are you sure that Johnny should be watching this?”
Mark didn’t feel any particular connection to this alien— the one currently in the line of fire—but, his disgust was so pronounced that he could no longer bear anymore.  He was frozen though, and watched mechanically.  Within seconds the ship that would deliver the deadly missile snapped into view, and the missile was launched.  The fat alien looked around and turned, but could not get out of the way; she and her substation were gone.
“I’ve had enough of this,” said Gramps.  He got up, and Mark looked towards him.  “Do you want to go?” asked Gramps.  Mark nodded, and looked like he might get sick also.  “They look jus’ like us.  We’re jus’ takin’ out innocent people on another world.  I can’t stomach anymore o’ this.”
Mark was in pain, as he walked out of the room with gramps.  But his physical pain was not bothering him.  His internal pain was what hurt him now.  We’re the Martians, he thought.  We are those disgusting Martians, and we are going to get what we deserve—just like they did.  He walked into the other room with Gramps, and sat down; neither of them spoke.

***
“Mack, everything is running perfectly.  We are on the mark on every shot, and the timing is spot on!”
“Captain Carryman, your men have been perfect.  The feed is going great.  This may be my greatest work ever!  It’s getting dark now, time to pan out and show the city.  They’ve seen enough blood and guts.  Let’s let them watch the electrical system go out.”
“Great work, Mack.  Let’s finish this show and get back home.”
“Right on, scene 17: go!”



Chapter 45





Boom!!!
Caryell ran out of his room, and met Roloff as he was rising from the couch.  They looked at each other, and without speaking, both raced out the door.  The boom, and the lights going out, seemed to coincide; as they left the door, they could see a trail of black smoke rising from the direction of the Lodophins’—the location of the substation.  They both ran with all of their might.
They weren’t the first on the scene, but there were not many there yet.  Everyone was standing in awe at the destroyed substation.  One woman had fainted, and a few were attending to her.  Roloff ran closer to the substation.  He could see something that concerned him.  As he approached, he saw the charred remains of a body, and some shoes.  
“Bellerie!”
The heat and the smell kept him from coming up any closer.  He looked on in dismay.  More people were approaching the area.  Roloff was dumbfounded.  It did not instantly occur to him that this could have anything to do with the visitors.  Still, he had been prepped on the risks associated with the substation, and he did not see how something of this nature was possible.
The woman, who had fainted, had revived, and her witness sent chills down the spines of all present.  “It was a craft.  It instantly appeared in the air, along with two others.  It sent fire out, and the fire destroyed it.   Then it disappeared.  The other two disappeared shortly thereafter.  Why did they do this?”
She was delirious, but her witness was true none the less.  She was being fanned by a woman and her daughter, as she sat up and rubbed her head where she had fallen and injured it.
Thoughts raced into Roloff’s head.  What have they done with Aspiria?  Where are the Lodophin boys?  Is this all my fault?  We should not have signaled them.  Are they coming back?  
A man’s voice could be heard above the crowd.  He was making his way toward Roloff.  Roloff turned, and could see that Bastian was making his way toward him.  He had a look of surprise and anger on his face.  As he approached, his gaze went from Roloff to the remains behind him.  Roloff could see the expression on his face change instantly.  He whitened, and then his countenance fell.  Visible, and then audible sniffles were apparent.  Roloff’s heart melted.  Bastian was the younger brother of Bellerie.  They fought like wildcats, but loved each other deeply.  Roloff embraced the broken man, and Bastian took the needed embrace.  His sniffles turned to sobs, but only briefly.  The men separated slightly, but Roloff kept his hand on Bastian’s shoulder, and continued to look at him.  Bastian reached up and whipped his tears with his thumb, and then his nose with his index finger.
“The boys…where are the boys?”
Roloff did not know, and did not know what to say.  He scanned the growing crowd.  Bastian looked up and tried to make eye contact.  “They aren’t…”
“No, I don’t think so,” said Roloff with some assurance.
“What are we to do with them?  They have no father, and now…” he covered his mouth with his hand.  “I…”  Bastian’s wife began to make her way up to them.  She was short, but otherwise a nicely-figured woman with a particularly unhandsome face.  It always gave the impression of a scowl, even when she was pleasant and trying to smile.  Bastian turned to her, “She’s dead.”
“The boys are by the brook, they are coming up.  Should we stop them?  I don’t want them to see this,” said his wife in a serious tone.
Bastian closed his eyes, wanting, that by so doing, to close out this tragedy and make it go away.  The crowd was growing, and Roloff began to be concerned that the danger was not past.  The idea that there were three crafts, and they instantly appeared and disappeared, had struck him.  Why the aggression?  Why attack his people?  His heart was still full as he looked on at Bastian and his wife; they had embraced and were speaking softly with each other.  Really, she was talking, and he was nodding, with the look of a child.
Seryen and Prianna were now seen by Roloff together and holding hands.  They finished making an inquiry, and were now walking toward Roloff and Bastian.  Roloff was momentarily concerned about this.  Neither Seryen, nor Prianna, had any concept of tact, and there was already considerable tension between Seryen and Bastian.  
“They’ve attacked us,” said Seryen branding himself onto the scene.  He seemed to think that now was the time for a town council: here with Roloff, the current Mayor, and with Bastian and Seryen, those running for the office.  He did not notice the remains behind the men, but Prianna did.  She broke the grip from Seryen and walked to where she would have an unobstructed view.
“Ahh!” she inhaled and placed her hand over her mouth.  She looked over at Roloff in horror.  “Is it…”
“It is Bellerie,” Roloff said slowly and with decorum.
Seryen, just now catching on, walked up to Prianna and took a look for himself.
“Mayor Palador,” said Bastian’s wife, Jencor.  “The boys—what are we to do with them?  They will be here soon and…”
Bastian interrupted, “We are their family, but…”
“We have three little ones ourselves, and how…”  Jencor shook her head.
“I love those boys, and I would do anything…” interrupted Bastian.
“We can’t take them in; not all of them; not all of the time,” Jencor finished.
Roloff began to talk with Bastian and Jencor.  He put one arm on each of their shoulders.  He spoke softly, and Seryen and Prianna looked on wonderingly.  They could not hear the conversation, but they could see Bastian nodding like a child again.  Jencor, as always, wore a scowl, but it looked a little softened as she gazed attentively up at the much taller Roloff.  Seryen had never observed this demeanor in his opponent, Bastian.  It softened him towards Bastian, and made him feel ashamed of his recent feelings towards him.
Prianna noticed the Lodophin boys coming into the area, and squeezed Seryen’s hand; she, then, whispered into his ear.  The two walked down towards the boys.
“This is all too sudden.  We do not need to worry about anything, except where the boys will stay tonight.  We need to take care of Bellerie, and so, it may be best to have the boys with someone else, until this has been taken care of.  Your family has had enough of a shock, and business to attend to.  After a few days, all will be much clearer,” Roloff counseled.
Down below, Prianna took Alleff into her arms, and hugged him tightly.  He struggled and wriggled from the affection, having no idea what was going on, and certainly not wanting a big hug.  Prianna was determined, however.  It was heartfelt, and Alleff gradually relaxed.  Seryen was speaking with the other boys, and touching the next youngest two on the top of their heads:  in part to keep them from moving, and in part, in attempt at affection.  Prianna knelt down on the grass, still holding Alleff, and Seryen crouched down to be closer to eye level with the boys. Within a few moments, the boys were clearly pacified, and were gathered around, almost in a circle, with the Olefftens.
It was starting to get dark now, and Roloff was concerned about how next to proceed.  They could not leave Bellerie like this, and there was no artificial light to help them due to the power being out.  He had many concerns, but thought it best to get the Lodophin children looked after for the night, and then to get Bellerie cleaned up.  He expressed this to Bastian and Jencor and turned to go, almost running into Seryen who was returning back up.
“Bastian, Jencor, Prianna and I have been speaking with the boys.  We would like to take them.”
“That will be wonderful, Seryen,” interjected Roloff.  “We have just been speaking of that, and they do need someone to watch them, especially this evening, but perhaps even for a few days.  It will help so much with all of the arrangement.  You are so good, my friend.”
“Are you to adopt them, Bastian, after the funeral?” asked Seryen in a serious but compassionate tone.
Jencor looked up at Bastian with her natural scowl, and her eyes widened.  She had felt comforted, after talking with Roloff, in waiting for a few days to let everything settle before making such life changing decisions.  But now Seryen had thrust the final decision upon them with a direct question.
“I…we…uh…” stammered Bastian.
“Prianna and I would love to, if it is alright with you.  We love those boys, and they will need the utmost of care.  They are orphans; we could—we would give them everything.  We would devote our lives to them.”
Bastian looked at Jencor, who was scowling much more pleasantly now.  This would have been welcome news from anyone else in town, except perhaps from Seryen.  He was, after all, his opponent, and the object of Bastian’s animosity.  Would his nephews live in the home of his adversary?
The silence was but momentary, and Seryen broke it again.  “Bastian, I would not continue to run for Mayor.  It would be your job.  I would be busy enough with the boys.  I believe that I could fulfill a much higher duty now.  This would be an honor to Prianna and me, if we could have it.”
Bastian’s heart now softened towards Seryen.  He had never liked that man.  Ever since he was a child, he found Seryen to be completely distasteful to him.  He hated his voice, his social awkwardness, his gait, and especially his ugly face.  In truth, he was running for Mayor, as much as for any other reason, to defeat Seryen.  He abhorred the idea of Seryen representing, and running the community that he lived in.  Besides ensuring that Seryen was not the Mayor, he had looked forward to humiliating him publicly; to showing him how meaningless and useless he was to the community.  He had wanted Seryen to know his place: to feel about himself as Bastian felt about him.  He had wanted Seryen to feel as though his existence was a burden on everyone around him; he wanted Seryen to be conscious of Bastian’s view of him.  He stared at Seryen, dumbfounded, as Jencor stared at him.
“Perhaps, I am out of place.  We may discuss this another time.  We can take the boys home tonight, anyhow,” said Seryen after a long pause.
Bastian still stared, hardly hearing the words.  He was looking into a man that he had known his whole life, but for the first time.  He saw in Seryen what he had never allowed himself to see before.  He saw what was good in Seryen.  He saw love emanating from this man.  He saw that his enemy would sacrifice everything for his family.  This man would do for these boys, whom he had no relation to, what he shrunk from doing for his own nephews—his own family.  His sister lay there with her body charred, unable to take care of her boys, and he was struggling with being willing to fulfill the family duty of caring for them, in this hour of desperate need.  Yet, this man, whom he saw as worthless and preferred that he did not exist, was happy to step in and give his all for them.
“Bastian,” said Jencor, wondering what the silence was all about.
This snapped him back to reality.  “Seryen, this is a great commitment, and you are not even family.  Could you take this upon yourselves?”
“If we would be so honored, we would be family.  They would be our children, and you would be my brother.  We would be family.”
Bastian and Jencor looked toward Roloff as if to say, “Are we in the wrong if we give away our nephews?  Would it be forgivable to Bellerie that on the night of her death, we neglect this family duty, and instead, give it to another?”  They trusted Roloff’s advice and wisdom, and were silently seeking it now.
Roloff looked from them to Seryen, and then to Prianna who was busy with the boys.  He saw a miracle taking place, amidst a great tragedy.  He looked back at Bastian and Jencor and nodded approvingly.  Bastian’s head dropped, and then he looked Seryen in the eyes.  
“I am sorry that I have never been good to you.  Now, we will be brothers.  I have never been kind towards you, but I will be forever after.  You do me more honor than I deserve, but for Bellerie’s sake I am truly grateful.”
Seryen wanted to smile, to laugh, to jump for joy, but he knew that this night would not be the occasion.  Still, he could not hide the joy that came over his face.  He reached out and took Bastian’s hand, and shook it.  “I am so sorry for your loss.  I must tell Prianna.”  He turned to go, but then turned around quickly again toward Roloff.  “I must take care of the boys tonight, are you able to take care of all else.”
Roloff did not know if he could take care of all else that was before he, and this community.  But he nodded and smiled at his friend.  He watched as Seryen relayed the news to Prianna and the boys.  It was getting quite dark now, but he could see on her face that she was overcome with joy.  He watched as they gathered up the boys, and began walking towards their home.  They had not even thought to get the boys any of their things.  He almost wanted to go down and correct that, but thought better of it.  They will have a lot to learn, but they are up to it.  I will help where needed, but I think that they will figure it out on their own, he thought.
Bastian and Jencor had walked away, and he did not know if they were planning to come back to help clean up the body.  Seryen and Prianna were gone now.  He had not been acting as Mayor for several weeks, but now he was back on duty.  Most of the rest of the townspeople were in the vicinity.  They were in shock.  Everyone had been told about the visitors, and that they had a craft.  They all knew that Aspiria was likely taken by them.  Now, the story had been heard by all about the ships appearing and disappearing out of nowhere, then violently destroying their substation, and killing Bellerie.  Concern was seen on their faces, through the darkness of the night.  The chatter had grown quiet as he had finished with Seryen and Bastian.  The town had waited quietly, and patiently, while the urgency’s of the Lodophin family was taken care of.  But it was now their turn.
Roloff felt it as he looked around.  He did not have any answers for them.  He felt responsible, as though his going to the city, and the response that followed had somehow caused this destruction.  Caryell came up to him, and stood beside him.  He looked down, and peered into his eyes.  There was not an ounce of fear on this young man’s face.  He looked up at his father with a confidence and countenance that strengthened Roloff to the core.  Caryell must have seen the concern in his father’s face, for he said, “God knows us, and is watching over us.  We are not in control of what is happening, but He is.  There is nothing for us to be afraid of.  I know that He is strengthening Mother as well.”
The wisdom and faith coming from this young man caused Roloff’s heart to burn.  He felt his own faith strengthen, and his confidence grew.  He knew this to be true, and he felt it in an instance.  It was not he that had discovered Aspiria’s whereabouts, through calculation and rational thought; it had been given to him by inspiration.  He had been prayerful and had done what he believed to be right.  Neither he, nor anyone on this world, could counteract the power of these visitors from another world.  The visitors could do to them what they wanted.  But God was more powerful than they, and He was ultimately in control.  What more could they do than trust in Him?
As he spoke to the people, he felt led in his spirit.  He could see that the countenance of the people changed, and that they felt comforted; not so much by his words, but by the force that was behind his words.  They were not his words, he was merely the mouthpiece.  The people, in large measure, went home, while some of the men stayed to help.  Tonight it was only critical to get Bellerie in a respectable situation.  Tomorrow the cleanup of the substation would begin.  His only nagging feeling was what further damage had been done.  What had they done to the city?  He was concerned about his family there.  He looked over at his child—he was a child no longer.  He was a man, in a not quite grown up body.  They had been through much together, and would continue to do so, it appeared.  He had lost his dear sweet companion, who was of such strength to him.  Yet, he now saw her in his son.  He looked much like her right now.  Not so much in features, but in confidence and faith.  He saw those unique features in Caryell.  He longed to share this with Aspiria.  But what had become of her?  What would they do to her?  He could only trust in God.
Roloff and Caryell walked home that night, very late.  They were exhausted, emotionally as well as physically.  Tomorrow would be a long day.  The cleanup would take days, and perhaps weeks.  That would not include the time to rebuild the substation, if that was what they were to do.  But tonight they would get a few hours of sleep.  It was strange walking up to the house, and seeing no lights.  It had not been so many years since that was a normal experience, but now it felt dark.



Chapter 46





“What can I do to help?”
“Um…could you grab those for me?”
“Sure,” Aspiria said as she walked over to the counter and picked up a plastic container and brought it over to Tammy.
“Two days until Thanksgiving, we’ve already got the turkey defrosting.”  Bob had just walked into the lab, and couldn’t contain his excitement.  Every meal brought excitement to him, but Thanksgiving was more than he could contain.  “Tammy, do you need Aspiria, right now?  We could use her in the galley.  We are trying to get today’s meal done and get everything ready for the feast.”
“What is Thanksgiving?” asked Aspiria, sensing the excitement in Bob’s voice.  She really was curious, but she asked more as a courtesy to Bob, allowing him to exuberantly elaborate, than to satisfy her own curiosity.  Either way, both objectives would be simultaneously satisfied.
“You don’t know about Thanksgiving!”
If Tammy had wanted to keep Aspiria here in the lab with her, she would have had an uphill battle at this point.  Sensing that the battle was essentially lost, and not minding anyway, she said, “Go ahead, I’m sure you’ll enjoy it; I really don’t have much more to do here, anyway.”  She had headed Bob off at the pass, and saved herself from hearing him go on and on.  She’d get it anyway, she was sure, over the next couple of days.
Aspiria and Bob left, with Bob talking a mile a minute.  As they walked out the door, Aspiria turned to Tammy and caught Tammy’s eye.  Aspiria gave Tammy a wink, and it made Tammy smile.  Aspiria was always looking after everyone else’s interests.  Tammy scurried around the lab for a few minutes, and everything was tidied and in place.  Aspiria and she had given it a thorough cleaning yesterday.  Her reports were nearly completed, and she was in no mood to work through them now.
It was hard feeling like the holiday season was approaching, from the perspective of being on this ship, and on this mission.  Still, she did allow herself the pleasure of remembering her last Thanksgiving at home, and it brought found memories.  Steve had been so busy lately, and he had been very distant with her.  She wanted to be with him, but dared not be the first to approach.  I’ll give him the time he needs, she thought.  When he’s ready…if he is ready, he’ll let me know.  She decided to see what the other men were up to.  Sometimes they provided good conversation, or even a friendly game of cards.  She certainly wasn’t in the mood to be alone, or to busy herself aimlessly in the lab any longer.
When she got to the deck, she saw that Mike, James, and Kenny were dealing a deck of cards.  
“Hey ya, Tammy, shall we deal you in?” asked Kenny in a friendly, good-spirited manner.
“I don’t want to interrupt.”  She did want to, though.
“We haven’t even started yet, we’re just beginning to deal,” said James.  “Join in.”
She didn’t need any more of an opening; she made her way to the table, as Mike picked up what he had already dealt, and prepared to reshuffle.  “I like it better with four.  Besides, these guys are less likely to cheat with a woman present.” Light chuckles ensued, and Tammy was already feeling better.
Before the hand was completely dealt, they were interrupted again.  “Captain Jenners, did you get a good rest?” asked Kenny in the same cheerful manner.
“Not bad.  Where is Aspiria?” he asked, looking at Tammy.
“Bob and Danny are starting to get ready for Thanksgiving, and they wanted her help in the galley.”
Steve nodded, “Ah, that’s right.  When is it?”
“Two days,” said James.  “Hey Captain, we could play with five.  You should join us.”
“You do look like you could use some downtime,” said Kenny honestly; but then feeling like he had overstepped his bounds, he looked down.
“Oh sure, I’ll deal again, just deal it up for the third time.”  But Mike said it with friendly sarcasm, and looked up at Steve with a smile.
Tammy was already scooting her chair over, and looked at him longingly.  Steve scanned their faces, and stopped on Tammy’s for a moment.  He could see that she was seeking reconciliation; he considered entering the game momentarily, but just didn’t feel ready for reconciliation—not just yet.  “Thank you, but…I think I will check on the galley.  It’s more fun with four, and Mike looks like he might throw a fit.”
Everyone else was fine and turned toward the game, but Tammy continued to look at him; he could see the hurt on her face.  She tried to smile, but the sorrow and pain was still evident on her face.  She looked down at the space that now existed between her and James—the space she had intended for Steve—and it represented to her the emptiness and the gulf between her and Steve.  It would be another minute before she would shift her seat, making the table of four more evenly spaced.
As soon as his footsteps could no longer be heard, James spoke up.  “He really does look stressed.  He really could use some relaxation.”
“Sure.  Nobody ever said it was easy being the Captain.  This mission has gone very well though, and Command seems pleased.  I’m surprised at how much stress he seems to have.  You know, his little brother took a bad beating recently.  I don’t think that he has been the same since then,” explained Kenny.
James nodded, but Mike stared at his cards with no expression.  He had insights into the stress that the other men did not.  He knew of the pregnancy, and how much that was weighing on his mind.  He also knew of Steve’s desire to return Aspiria home; that was not going to happen.  He did not know of the abortion; no one did; but he believed that he sensed the situation well, and tried to think how he might turn the conversation; it could not be very pleasant for Tammy, right now.
For her part, she did understand the stress better than anyone else.  She knew that, among other things, the abortion, and their relationship troubles, must have weighed most heavily on him.  Her heart was beginning to sink.  She did highly value their relationship—what it had been, but she was sensing that it was slipping away.  She was willing—more than willing—to be patient, but she was beginning to feel that this patience would not pay off.  It seemed more likely than not, at least at this moment, that it would be gone soon.  She didn’t fault herself, at least not completely, but she felt an awful sense of regret; but not of remorse.  She searched in her mind for a topic of conversation that would be more pleasant, more appealing.  “Stress is a funny thing, you know.”
Nobody looked up from the cards that they were fixing in their hands, but she continued on.  “Our sympathetic nervous system, along with cortisol and adrenaline are very helpful—very critical.  It’s what gives us the ‘fight or flight’ response.  As long as our stressors are things that we can attack, or flee from, it works great.  We get the blood flowing to our muscles; we get the heart rate up; our body is geared up for the task at hand.  But, in our modern world, it doesn’t work so well.  We have so many stressors that are abstract.  They cannot be run from nor attacked.  So, the sympathetic response stays in place, over long periods of time.  Our body was never built for a sustained sympathetic response.  That is how we get stressed, and it can do strange things to us, mentally and physically.”
“Yeah, there is nothing worse than being worked up about something that you can’t do anything about,” said Mike.
“That’s why you go to the gym, and have a good workout.  You hit the weights, and run on the treadmill—fight or flight,” said Kenny.
“That doesn’t work as well, because the stressor is still there,” Tammy countered.
“Still helps, though,” explained Kenny.
“I like to watch a football game.  Watch those guys battling for three hours.  Hitting each other and trying to get an advantage.  That’s my kind of stress relief,” said James.
“Speaking of, it’s getting to that time of year.  I hope that we will be back in time for some football.  You know what else is good, is a great action movie; one that sucks you into the plot.  If I feel like I’m there, then it makes me feel like I’ve done some battle.”  Mike was starting to think that that sounded like more fun than a card game right now.
“That’s what we should do on Thanksgiving; watch a great action movie.  Have we ever shown Aspiria a movie?” James asked.
“No, we haven’t.  Somehow, I don’t think that she will appreciate something like that.  We might have to break her in on an old Disney flick,” Tammy suggested to a light chuckle.
“You know, she is really great.  Of all the things that have surprised me on this mission—and there have been an awful lot of them—that has been the most pleasant surprise.  She is an amazing person.  Considering her situation—her position—she has definitely made lemonade out the lemons that she has been given.  If something like this had happened to me, I would have never made it out of solitary confinement.  I’d have killed someone, anyone; everyone, if I could have.  She has become our friend.  She helps us, and even cooks some of the best meals that I have ever tasted,” said James.
Kenny nodded, and Tammy said, “I sure wish that I could bring her back to earth.  I think that everyone would just love her.  It would fix so much.”
“It’s not happening.  There is no way that the President would risk that.  I know she’s great, but who knows what could happen.  She’s not going to set foot on our planet; not anytime soon,” explained Mike.
Everyone nodded, and play commenced.

***
“Okay, so this is the feast of the year!  Most everyone does turkey; have you had turkey yet?”
Aspiria turned and winked at Tammy, as she left the lab.  “No, I don’t think so.”
“It’s a bird, a big bird.  You get lots of brown and white meat.  It can be a little dry—if you don’t do it right—but if it’s done right it is so moist, and has such an amazing flavor.  The kitchen is going to smell like heaven!  Then you stuff it with bread and herbs, and it makes this amazing turkey stuffing.  You get sweet potatoes—I don’t know if you will like those—and then green bean casserole.  I like a good spinach salad, and then pies—lots of pies.  You eat until you can’t put in another bite.  Then you crash on the couch for a couple of hours, watch football, and then eat pie until it hurts again.  For the next two days you just keep eating left-overs, and pig out.  Then it’s time to get ready for Christmas.”
Aspiria was smiling, not just at Bob’s excitement, but they had feasts on her world, too.  It did sound like fun.  She thought of Caryell, and of the feast she had just prepared for him, not long before she had come here.  Those thoughts were always bitter-sweet, but she focused, at this time, on the sweet part.  They were just now entering the galley.  Danny, as usual, was quietly hard at work.  He looked up with a quick smile and nod, and then went back to work again.  Bob always knew how to talk the talk, but Danny knew how to walk the walk.  
“Just telling her all about Thanksgiving,” Bob said as they entered the galley
“Oh,” Danny said emotionlessly.
“I think she is up to speed, so let’s get it going.  Look here; see what a large turkey we’ve got!”
“So what is this feast for?  Why is it called Thanksgiving?”
“You’ve got her up to speed on the food, but haven’t told her what it’s all about, I see,” said Danny with a trace of sarcasm.  
Bob had to think for a moment.  It felt strange to think: was there more to Thanksgiving than the feast?  He had never done anything else, other than cook, prepare, and eat for Thanksgiving.
“Danny, what is it all about?” Aspiria asked.
“Many years ago, before the people on our world even had electricity, one group of people migrated from a faraway land to another part of our world.  The people that they found, who lived there, were very primitive.  The people who migrated got there too late in the season to plant and to get a good harvest.  They would have starved to death, except for the primitive people.  Although, they seemed very primitive, they knew the land, and they knew what could be grown.  They taught those who had migrated over what they needed to do in order to survive.  Later, those who migrated prepared a great feast and invited the primitive people to attend.  They prayed and gave thanks to God for their blessings, in particular, being spared through the help of the natives.  In part to commemorate that event, and to continue to annually remember to thank God for his blessings, we have a yearly Thanksgiving feast.”
“You’re talking about the pilgrims and the Indians.  I remember that now; I guess I had forgotten that part of it,” said Bob, offhandedly, as he began taking down various ingredients.
“I like your, Thanksgiving—a special feast to thank God for your blessings; that makes so much sense,” said Aspiria sincerely.
“Oh…and that’s why we call it, Thanksgiving.  That’s cool, I have never really thought about all of that before.  I just know that it’s great food and a great time.”  Bob, had everything on the island now, and had just brought up a large mixing bowl.
Aspiria got right to work on that evening’s meal.  She had become very accustomed to cooking in the ship’s galley over the past week.  Everyone on board loved her cooking, and Danny and Bob enjoyed her help and company.  Danny and Bob began to argue over the Thanksgiving menu.  They were almost like brothers; they fought over everything, but there was never animosity.  She had a way of changing the subject, direction, and tone whenever she got tired of it; or it had gotten out of hand.  She could always draw them into a discussion.  After a few minutes she asked, “Bob, you said that after Thanksgiving, there was something else to get ready for.  What was that?”
“Huh…oh—Christmas.  Yeah, after Thanksgiving is over it’s the Christmas season.  You don’t know about Christmas yet, do you?”
Steve walked into the galley.  “Christmas?  I thought that you were getting ready for Thanksgiving.”
“Hi, Captain, we are.  It is going to be amazing!  Have you seen the turkey?  Check that baby out!”
“Hi, Steve, did you need me?” Aspiria asked with a very pleasant smile.  
“No, I was just seeing how everyone is doing.”  Steve always seemed to have a purpose.  He did not just shoot the breeze.  He had been much more relaxed, however, before Aspiria’s world had been discovered.  But, since that time, he was always busy; always working on something.  So, it was unexpected for the group to see him pull up a seat near the island that was being used for food prep.  For a few minutes everyone was silent and just working, as he looked on.  It was starting to get a little uncomfortable for everyone.
“Danny and Bob explained Thanksgiving to me.  It sounds like a wonderful reason to have a feast.  They were just going to tell me about the next feast, Christmas,” Aspiria said while mixing.
Steve smiled and nodded.  “Christmas isn’t really a feast, like Thanksgiving, although you can have a feast.  It’s really a month-long celebration.  Actually, you can have lots of feasts.”
“Bob, are you ever thinking about anything other than food?” asked Steve chidingly.  Bob smiled sheepishly, and Danny, from behind him, looked at Steve and shook his head.  
Aspiria saw Danny’s gesture and she smiled, and then narrowed her eyes as if to say, “be nice.”
“I do love all of the holiday treats, but where I come from it is always snowy at Christmas time.  I love that time of year.  It’s dark in the early evening; everyone puts up bright-colored lights.  The snow is aglow with all of the colors of the rainbow.  On my street, everyone was in competition to see who could ring up the biggest electric bill.  We were the best street in town.  People from all over would drive up and down our street slowly to look at the homes all lit up.  We would go sledding all afternoon, after school.  That’s what I think of most when I think of Christmas,” said Bob with enthusiasm, and no mention of food.
“That sounds very pretty, Bob.”  Aspiria had stopped working, and was leaning on the island towards Bob.  Her dark eyes were glowing.
“Before most of my family died, Christmas was a wonderful time for us, too.  I remember being indoors, mostly.  My mother always wanted to have a huge tree.  We had a great room with a very tall ceiling.  We would cut down a sixteen-foot tree each year.  It took a couple of days to decorate it.  My mother always had a theme: angels, the North Pole, Winter Wonderland, The Nutcracker.  Anyway, the tree was her thing, and it was the envy of everyone.  When people stopped by to bring us treats, they always wanted to come in and see that year’s rendition of the tree.  We had a hard-wood floor and a large fireplace.  During the Christmas season, we always kept a roaring fire.  I remember just sitting on the couch, sipping hot cocoa and watching the fire, and looking at the tree.  That sure brings back some nice memories.  I wish that Mark could have that.  It sure isn’t the same since they all died.”  Steve looked a little dreamy, and a little melancholy, all at the same time.
“My family are carolers.  It’s kind of an older tradition, and people would look at us funny, but we would go around to our neighbors, friends, and people from church. We’d bring goodies to their home and sing Christmas carols,” Danny mentioned
“I didn’t know that you sang,” broke in Bob.
“I didn’t say that I could sing, I said that we were carolers.  Mom had a good voice, and was loud; the rest of us just sang quietly and tried not to mess it up.  But it was fun.”
“I love Christmas carols!  Dashing through the woods, in a one horse open sleigh…” Bob began to sing, but seeing that no one was joining him he left off.
“Christmas sounds like a wonderful season.”
“Oh, it is.  The whole town gets lit up, and there are concerts, and choirs.  Everyone has parties, and then everyone gives gifts.  We put all of the gifts that we receive under the Christmas tree, and then on Christmas morning we open them all up.  Then we play with the gifts, and have great feasts.  For an entire month it’s a celebration…” Bob could go on, but Steve interrupted. 
“Don’t forget about Santa Claus.  We get gifts from everyone: parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles; but the really good stuff comes from Santa Claus.  We put up large stockings on the hearth, and in the middle of the night he comes and fills them up, and then puts out really great gifts as well.”  Steve was looking at Aspiria, and she was giving him a quizzical expression.  “He’s an elf—a magical elf.  He lives on the top of the world, and all of his other magical elves make the toys.  He uses his flying reindeer to go by everyone in the whole worlds homes and brings everyone gifts.”  Steve was straight-faced as he told Aspiria the story.
Aspiria had seen some amazing things since she had been on this ship.  They had traveled all the way from their world to hers.  They did seem to be able to do many things that to her seemed impossible.  Still, this story seemed farfetched, even for these people.  After a few seconds Steve’s face broke into a laugh and a smile.  “It’s a myth.  We tell this story to the little children.  The parents give the gifts, and say it is from Santa.  The little children love it.  I loved it when I was a child.  Someday, I hope to have children and play Santa for them,” he said in a cheery tone, just as it reminded him of his sorrow.
Aspiria smiled warmly, knowing—so she thought—that he would have a child very soon indeed.  She thought of Steve and Tammy, and the little child enjoying these festivities for which they were speaking.  It was a very pleasant thought to her.  She almost made a comment in regard to it, but stopped herself short.  She was in the confidence of Tammy, and it was not to be broadcast.  
“I would love to see your Christmas season; it sounds wonderful.”  Then turning to Danny: “What is the reason behind this great celebration.”
“I was waiting for you to ask.  Christmas is when we celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ, the Son of God.”
“I knew that it must be about Him.”  Aspiria had a particular glow about her as she listened to everyone.  She was soaking it all in, and seemed to be genuinely happy—even joyful.  “Tell me all about that; I would love to know this about Him.”
“His birth was miraculous.  His mother was a young virgin.  She was good, and righteous, and pure.  An angel came to her, and told her that she would be with child—with God’s child—though she had never been with a man.  She was engaged to a man, but they were not yet married.  The man was concerned when he discovered that she was with child, but, the same angel came to him in a dream and told him what was happening.  He married her, but was not with her, sexually, until after the Christ child was born.
“Near the time that he was to be born, they were forced to travel to another town, to pay taxes.  When they arrived, she was ready to give birth.  They went all around, but no one would give them a place to stay.  Imagine, the Son of God was to be born, and no one would accommodate His mother.  Eventually they were allowed to go into an animal stable, and she gave birth there.  The Christ child slept in a manger, the place where they put hay for the animals to eat.”
Aspiria looked on, and her eyes were misty.  She shook her head slowly, as Danny continued.  “That night, an angel came to nearby shepherds in their fields, and told them that the Son of God had been born.  They came, and worshipped the child.  Imagine the greatest event in the world—in the universe—had just occurred.  Yet it was the humblest people, in a most humbling circumstance that got to participate in it.  The great people of the earth: kings, rulers, the wealthy—they had no idea.  There was a new star that was born that night in the sky.  The star shone brightly over the place of his birth.  Some wise men recognized the signs and they traveled to find him.  They made the mistake of telling the ruler what they were looking for.  He deceived them and told them to find the Christ child, and then tell him where He was.  He said that he, too, wanted to worship Him; but he did not.  He wanted to kill Him.  They brought the young child gifts; that is why we give each other gifts during this season.  Those gifts provided some resources to this family who would soon need to leave to another part of the world.  The wise men were warned by God to not tell the ruler.  They left, but he knew that something was going on.  He commanded that all children, in that part of the world, under the age of two years old, were to be killed.  The Christ child would have been in the group, but because His mother and step-father had been warned of God, they left for another land before the slaughter of all of those children.”
Aspiria put her hands on her mouth.  She was horrified at the thought of the killing of all those babies.  She knew that Christ had been killed by his own people, but she had no idea that an attempt on His life had been taken when he was such a small child.  “Those gifts that were given, likely gave his family the resources to leave, in order to spare his life.  This is what the Christmas season is all about.  It is a most wonderful celebration.  You would love Christmas time, Aspiria.”
There was a warm peaceful feeling in the kitchen.  Everyone felt it.  There was silence for just a moment, and then Steve spoke up, “I haven’t heard that story since I was a child.  It is a beautiful story.  I remember now, that my mother always put up a small stable with figurines of Mary, Joseph, and baby Jesus.  There were shepherds, and wise men, and camels, and sheep.  I used to play with those figurines as a child.  If I got caught she would scold me.  She said that they were not to be played with, but I did it anyway.”
“I have been given so much—to be told these stories.  I hope that soon our worlds can speak.  We would love to learn all that you know.  I want to tell this story to my son.”  Danny and Bob looked a little uncomfortable, but Steve looked her in the eyes.  He was thinking—deeply thinking.
Rapid footsteps could be heard coming down the hall.  Steve turned around and Kenny walked in.  Tammy walked by the door, but did not come in, nor turn her head to look inside.
“Captain Jenners, Commander Wiston is requesting you immediately for a conference.  He has asked that I attend it with you.  He says that it is urgent,” explained Kenny.



Chapter 47





“Captain Jenners, I have much to fill you in on.  We have just successfully completed a major mission.  It included all of the ZX-120’s in the fleet, except for yours.  We could not risk informing you, or anyone on your ship, until the mission was complete.  Captain Carryman led this mission, but you are still the overall leader of the mission to that world.  He was the leader of the submission—of the attack.”
Steve looked on and listened without an expression.  Kenny looked over at Steve, and raised his eyebrows as he saw his Captain listening at attention, and showing no emotion.
“The President commanded us to destroy their entire technological infrastructure.  We have destroyed all of their electrical stations and substations.  We also destroyed their technology center and city capital.  This entire mission was sent to earth on a live video feed.  The hope is that it will bring stability back to earth—that the people will no longer fear this alien race.  We have attempted to keep total alien casualties to a minimum; and hope still, that with time, we can open up a dialog with the beings of this world.  But for now, we have to pacify the people on earth.  
“We were given perfect intelligence by your team, and the mission went off without a hitch.  You will be given overall credit for everything, including this mission.  Because of the quality of your intelligence, we did not have to hit any extra targets; the alien race will have to get along, again, without power; but they should be able to live fine.
“I am sorry that I was not able to share this with you, before.  But, we felt that, if your captive had any idea, she may do something that could hinder the mission.  We felt it best to conduct it completely first; and, now, we are informing you of everything.”
“I understand completely, sir.”
“I am glad, Captain.  Captain Carryman and all of the crews have left the stellar system.  They are well on their way back to our space station.  You will be completing your mission shortly, and you will be on your way back soon, as well.
“This is what is required to finish your mission:  I need one more flyby to confirm that the electrical structure is completely annihilated.  It has been concluded that the final step, to ensure peace on earth, is that we must euthanize your captive.  We cannot return her, living, to her planet.  She has too much intelligence.  We cannot bring her to earth, alive, for the people are in complete fear of having an alien on our planet.  If we don’t bring back the body, there will be suspicion.  The mood on earth is not good; so, we will bring them back their alien body.  They will see that it is the same creature that was in the videos.  That may pacify them; and knowing that it is dead will also pacify them.  Independent studies will be able to confirm the alien DNA structure, and, we believe that in short order peace and normalcy will return.  I know that this command may be difficult for you.”
“No, sir; I understand completely, and will fulfill the mission.  I am looking forward to seeing you, and speaking with you, in person, about the details of this mission soon.”  Kenny’s expression was the look of bewilderment.  He looked on at his Captain, but felt that he was looking at someone else.  He had just been with Captain Jenners, in the galley, and he saw how he was looking at Aspiria.  He had seen the time that his Captain had spent with her.  They were friends.  He was close to her.  This could not be his Captain.  Besides this, he felt a pit in his own stomach.  How could they do this to Aspiria?  There was no way that they could reject a direct command.  But he expected some emotion, some protest, something—anything.  Steve was a rock; he did not even seem to blink.
“Very good, Captain.  Thank you for your service to our country.  You are a good man, and I, too, look forward to your report in person.  You will report when these final conditions of your mission are complete and you are in route to the station.  Good day, Captain Jenners.”
“Good day, Commander Wiston.”
When the communication was complete, Kenny turned to Steve, who was still expressionless.  “Captain, I have suspected that this may happen.  I’m so sorry.  I feel sick inside about, Aspiria.”
“Kenny, I need you to get yourself together.  This will be hard on the crew, and I need your full support.  We have to be brave.  If we show confidence, and are in complete harmony with Central Command, the crew will follow.  With time, they will all understand.”
“Yes, sir,” he said, but with a little shakiness in his voice.
“Aspiria is preparing our dinner as we speak.  I am going to allow her one final meal—she deserves this much.  Although, we cannot say goodbye, it will allow for us to at least internally offer our respects.  I do not want to inform Bob or Danny.  They are not ready for something like this.  We will let them know as we head back to the station.  I want you to tell Mike and James.  I will go and tell Tammy.  She will have to perform it, and she, too, has grown close to Aspiria.  It may be hard for her, so, give me some time to talk with her.  I would like everyone to be present for this final meal.  It is out of respect to her.”
“Yes, sir; I will let them know.”
“Thank you, I will see you at dinner.”
Kenny left, and Steve walked in the opposite direction.  As soon as he was out of earshot of Kenny’s footsteps, he began to jog.  He got to the galley, and looked in to see Aspiria, Bob, and Danny busy with the preparations.  “Aspiria, are you okay in here for a while by yourself?  I need Bob and Danny.”
“But, Captain…” Bob did not like getting interrupted while preparing a meal.
“You better go,” said Aspiria.  “I’ll finish up for you.”
Danny was already leaving, and when Bob saw the look in Steve’s eyes he quickly headed out as well.  Steve turned and looked at Aspiria, whose back was towards him for a second, and paused.  Then he quickly turned away and began walking.  Bob started to speak, but Steve put his finger to his lips and hushed him instantly.  The three continued to walk until they reached Steve’s private chambers.  Danny and Bob looked at each other strangely as Steve opened the door.  He motioned them in and looked around the corridor to make sure that they were not seen.
“Gentlemen, we have been given orders to kill Aspiria, by Central Command.”  He looked carefully at each of their faces, and saw what he had hoped for.  They were white, and looked sick to their stomachs.  “You will be in a position of potentially great trouble if you help me, but I do not plan on fulfilling this order.  I do not want to bring anyone else in on it, and I don’t think that I need to.  With both of your help, we can return her to her world unharmed.”
“Yes, sir,” said Bob quickly.  “I’ve made so many mistakes, I’m sure that I am already in trouble.  But I can’t kill Aspiria.  I couldn’t even tranquilize her back when we picked her up.  I will help you.”
“Captain Jenners, nothing would do me a greater pleasure than helping you to save her life and return her to her family.  I will do anything that you ask.”
“Thank you, gentlemen.  I knew that I could count on the two of you.  Here is the plan: Bob, you have made some mistakes, and they are well-documented.  I am relying on you making another one.”  Bob looked a little hurt.  “I need for you to accidently land us back to where we landed on the planet before.  I have already put in the coordinates, and it will be easy.  You will be able to claim that it was a simple mistake, rather than a deliberate action on your part.  I’m trying to keep you out of trouble.  That’s not always easy,” he said with a wink.  Bob smiled and nodded.  “We will land, and you will wait until the door opens, and then closes.  Once it closes, take off.  I have that programmed in as well.  We will leave her off at the clearing where we land.  She will not be far from home and can walk there easily.  I will back you up, and will do everything in my power to assure Central Command that it is my fault, and just a mistake on your part.”
“Got it, Captain—door opens, and then closes; we get out of dodge, and she’s home safe,” Bob summarized; he wanted both of them to know that he actually knew what he was doing.
“Danny, you just need to make sure that everyone is in the galley, except for Bob.  I will come in and get Aspiria.  You keep everyone eating and entertained—keep the conversation going.  Make sure that no one leaves, until I return.  When I get back, she will be safely home, and we will be on our way back to the space station.  I don’t think that anyone will suspect you for anything at all.  But, I need to make sure that I am not interrupted as I get her out the door, and onto her world.”
“No problem, Captain,” said Danny reassuringly.
“How long until dinner is ready?” asked Steve as he considered their plan.
“She probably has it done by now,” Danny answered.
“Great, then let’s get going.  Danny I will take Bob to the deck now, and get him oriented.  Get everyone in for dinner.  I’ll be in for Aspiria as soon as I can.  Gentlemen, she deserves this, come what may.  Should anything happen, it has been a pleasure serving with you.”
“We’ve got this, Captain, everything will be fine.”

***
Tammy rummaged through the medicine cabinet, and found the vial that she was looking for.  She took a syringe and filled it with air, and then emptied the air into the vial; she then withdrew exactly fifty milliliters, and replaced the cap on the needle.  She placed the syringe on the counter near two chairs, and walked back toward her office.  She pulled out some papers, and then sat down, crossing her legs, and wrote several notes.  She looked over at the syringe and then at Aspiria’s cell.  She sat there for a few minutes and tapped her leg nervously on the floor, then uncrossed her legs, got up, and walked out of the lab.
She nearly walked into Danny who was walking into the lab.  “Sorry, Tammy, I was just letting you know that it is time for dinner.”
“I was just on my way to the galley,” said Tammy in a brisk tone.
“Great, I’ll see you there in a minute; I’ve just got to let James know.”
Tammy walked into the Galley.  Already seated were Kenny and Mike.  Aspiria was putting the meal on the dishes.  “Aspiria, I’ve got some bad news for you,” Tammy said with some nervousness in her voice.  Kenny and Mike turned around with very uncomfortable expressions.  Aspiria looked up, and prepared to listen.  “I just looked at some of my reports, and you have another infection coming on.  This one looks like it could be a bad one.”
“I don’t feel sick at all.”
“That’s good, but it’s coming.  I want to give you a quick antibiotic injection to make sure that it doesn’t become a problem for you.”
“Thank you,” Aspiria said as she looked Tammy in the eye and nodded.
“We need to go right now; it will only take a second.”
“Can’t we finish up dinner first?  It won’t come on that quickly, will it?” asked Aspiria.
“No, we really need to do it now.”
“Tammy,” interjected Kenny.  “Really, let’s finish up the meal.  Captain Jenners will be here with Danny and James in just a minute.  Nothing comes on that quickly.”
“Kenny, would I tell you how to fly this thing?  It really will only take a minute.  We’ll probably be back before everyone else is here.”
Aspiria looked at her with a questioning expression, knowing that something was going on.  As they walked toward the lab, and out of earshot of the galley, Aspiria asked, “What is really going on?”
“Just like I said, I need to get you this antibiotic injection quick.  If I do, I will save you a lot of problems, later.”
They entered the lab, and Tammy brought her to the chair nearest to the syringe.  Tammy sat beside her, and picked up the syringe.

***
Steve turned the corner and headed toward the galley.  He saw Danny and James walking toward the door from the other direction.  “The report is complete, Captain.  We are ready whenever you are.”  James said with a grave expression on his face, and looked almost angry, for the first time.
Steve nodded and continued toward the galley.  Danny and James entered first.  Steve could hear Danny ask, “Where is Aspiria?”  A feeling of dread overcame him.  He hustled up to the door in time to hear Kenny explain that Tammy had taken her to the lab for a quick antibiotic injection.  Steve took off at a run.
As he entered the lab, he saw the two women at the counter, both facing him.  Aspiria looked up and smiled.  Tammy did not look up.  She was holding a syringe in Aspiria’s arm.  It had already been emptied and she was pulling it out of her arm.



Chapter 48





A loud and quick rap at the door woke him instantly from his sleep.  Though sleep had not come easily this night, he had finally been in the depth of it.  He could see that the sun was just coming up, and went quickly to the door.
“Mayor Palador, I am sorry to interrupt you so early this morning, but I’m afraid that I have terribly bad news.”  Roloff motioned Seryen to come in and sit down.  He was only half awake, and wanted a second to recover his faculties before hearing what Seryen had to say.  He was also feeling a bit light headed, getting up so quickly, and his heart was beating rapidly.
After seating themselves on the couch, Roloff asked, “Is everything alright with the boys?  Is something going on with Bastian?"
“I haven’t seen Bastian, since last night, and the boys were all sleeping when I left them.  But, we have been given word this morning of terrible destruction in the city.  They sent a messenger to warn us.  The visitors have destroyed all of the electrical stations and substations throughout the city.  There is no power left, anywhere.”  Roloff sat up straight, and put his hand on his mouth and chin, while shaking his head slightly.
“They have also destroyed the city hall.  Mayor Tinron is dead, as are many other workers there.  I am very sorry to say that this is not all.  They have also destroyed the science center.  Many are dead there, and I know that you have family that works there.  The messenger did not know any of the names of people who have died, other than Mayor Tinron.  I am so sorry to bring you this news this morning.  I know that the town will be frightened, as are the people in the city.  I now have the boys to look after, and I hoped that you could continue to care for the town, as Mayor.  Are you able to, Mayor Palador?”
Roloff was staring out into space.  His heart was beating heavily, and he took several deep breaths and sighed.  “I will get ready, and be in the town center shortly.  Go home to Prianna and your boys.  They are in as much need as anyone, and this is your responsibility now.  Thank you for getting me this report so quickly.”  Both men got up, and as Seryen began to leave Roloff offered him his hand.  He shook it and looked into his eyes.  “You are a great friend.  I thank you deeply for all that you have done for me and my family.  I only hope that I can be of as much assistance to you and your family now.”  He gave Seryen an embrace.  Seryen nodded and walked out the door.
Roloff stood at the door for a moment.  His thoughts turned to Aspiria.  What had become of her?  Who were these people?  He felt anguish for Bellerie, Mayor Tinron, and he worried that more of his family may be lost.  For a few moments he began to feel the depression that so recently had overcome him, begin to enter again into his heart.  The weight that he felt on his shoulders seemed unbearable.  But he remembered his son’s expression from the night before, and he thought again of Aspiria.  He would do what needed to be done.  They were a great strength to him, and he would give everything he had now.  He would not let this, or anything else stop him.  
He walked toward his son’s room, and stopped in the doorway.  Caryell had the sweetest expression on his face.  He remembered, so often, looking in on him with Aspiria by his side.  They would often comment on what an angel he was, sleeping there so peacefully.  He did not want to wake his angel, and bring him up to speed about the world that he now lived in.  Still, he would have to do many things that he did not want to do this day.  This was only the first.  He walked toward his bed and placed his hand lightly on his son’s shoulder.

***
As he looked on at the two women, he stared directly at Aspiria.  Out of the corner of his eye he noticed Tammy flinch once she had looked over and saw Steve there.  Then he saw Aspiria’s smile fade and her eyes roll up in her head.  She began to fall forward, and in an instant she had slumped forward onto the counter hitting her forehead hard against the counter top.  She lay motionless.
“WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!” came out of him like the fierce roar of a lion; his eyes now burning with fire.
Tammy had backed away a little from the counter, still in her chair.  Her face began to look frightened.  “I didn’t want to.  I was obeying my command.  They told me that you knew.  They said that you had already agreed.  They said to not wait, but to do it immediately.  I didn’t have a choice.  They said that you already knew.”  The frightened expression on her face had now magnified as she saw that her words were having no affect in squelching Steve’s reaction.  He had walked up closer now, and was on the other side of the counter from Tammy and Aspiria’s limp body.
At that moment every feeling of love or tenderness that Steve had ever felt for Tammy was now putrefied.  He looked away from Aspiria and looked directly at Tammy.  What he saw was the vilest creature that he had ever looked upon in his life.  He glared at her with utter disgust and hatred.  His menacing glare was not lost upon Tammy.  She felt his judgment, and every ounce of his indignation, betrayal, and scorn.  She was a strong woman and had never been in a position such as this.  Her natural reaction would be to fight back, to counter, and to take control.  But so strong was his presence that she cowered under it.  She felt crushed under the weight of his glare.  When she could take no more, and was completely broken, she dropped her eyes; she hid, as it were, her face from the judgment that she could no longer bare.
“Can she be revived?”  The words came out calmly, but there was no question as to the emotion behind them.  Tammy shook her head slowly, still looking down and away from his eyes; though they penetrated just as deeply and had not let up.  “Is there any way? Can she be revived?”  This time he spoke more loudly and with a greater urgency.  She, still unable to withstand his glare, looked away and shook her head.
“She is dead; there is no antidote.”  She spoke quietly, and felt as though all was lost in her world.
Steve made his way around the counter.  Tammy was startled and stood up quickly.  She looked at Steve with the look of a small animal, who cowered, knowing that a beating was coming, and could only beg for pity.  Steve did not make it around to Tammy.  He picked up Aspiria’s body into his strong arms.  He had held her like this, once before.  With no further hesitation or even a glimpse at Tammy, he made his way quickly out of the lab.
“What…are…you…doing?” were Tammy’s last words to him.  Each word coming out softer and more quietly, with the last word hardly more than a whisper.  She stood there looking at the door for a moment, and then feeling so weak, that she could not stand, she sat back down and leaned forward on the counter with her arms stretched out, providing a pillow for her head.  It would be quite some time before she would move from that position.

***
Steve moved quickly toward the exit room.  He did not know if Tammy would follow.  His mind was both clouded and clear.  He felt as alert as he had ever been, but he also felt emotions gnawing at him from all directions.  He reached the room and did not hear anything behind him.  The light was red; they had not yet landed.  “Come on Bob,” he muttered under his breath.  It flicked to green and he made his way to the door.  He hit the button with his elbow, Aspiria’s feet hitting the wall.  The door began to open and the brilliant rays of this world’s early dawn sun began to filter into the ship.  The door seemed to open so slowly.  
He did not look back, but made his way toward the door.  When it had opened completely he hit the button again, effectively starting the closing process, and made his way out of the ship, and onto the planet.  Once again, he did not look back.  He began to run, just like he had done the last time he was on this planet’s surface, but this time in the opposite direction.  After about twenty yards he did look back.  He had not heard a sound, but the ship was gone.  He was now alone on this planet, with the body of the only being he had ever known from this world, limp in his arms.  His ship was already tens of thousands of miles away.
Steve turned back toward the direction that he was running in, still full steam ahead.  His eyes were struggling with the brightness of the daylight.  He had not experienced daylight in several months, but he wondered if this world’s star was even brighter than earth’s sun.  The last time he had set foot upon this world, he was in his suit, protected from all of the elements.  This time he was fully exposed.  He could smell the fresh air, and he was now breathing it in deeply as his legs ran, and his heart pounded.  There was a fresh, outdoorsy sweetness—not unlike what he had experienced on earth before, but still different—sweeter and more pronounced.  As he approached the woods, he began to slow down.  It occurred to him that he was no longer running away from anything—he was running towards something; this led him to slow his pace to a walk as he entered the woods.  It was significantly dimmer in the woods, and his eyes, that were somewhat watery due to being dazzled by the daylight, felt much more comfortable.  The scent had increased, and was lovely.  He was still drinking in the air deeply, and rapidly.  
He walked forward, but now with no particular urgency.  Instead, a dread began to creep over him.  The realities of his circumstances were beginning to distill upon him.  “What am I doing?” he said quietly, but out loud, between deep breaths.  He felt the weight of his solitude now, and was fully aware that he was in enemy territory.  He had high hopes of a great peace between Aspiria’s people and his own; but that was impossible now.  His thoughts turned to Mark, and his heart sunk.  What would happen to him?  He had effectively left him alone.  Mark had just taken a beating, and he was dealing with all of the aftermath of Steve’s mission.  People were angry with him, and were taking it out on Mark.  Now, not only would the whole world hate him, but would the government even protect his family?  Mark had his old grandfather, and now, no one else in the world.
Aspiria is dead, and Mark is alive.  I could do something for him, but I cannot do anything for her now.  What have I done?  He began to think.  Aspiria’s body was dead weight in his arms, but she still felt warm.  She felt just as she had when she had been tranquilized.  Her body moved with every step, she had not begun to stiffen yet.  Since her face had hit the table, he had not looked down at her, and upon it.  He turned his gaze from the way in front of him, and looked at her sweet face.  There was a mark on her forehead—a bruise that was forming.  Besides this blemish, she looked flawless; she was so extraordinarily beautiful.  Her eyes were not shut, and that gave her a peculiar look.  He stopped, and went down to his knees, so that he could use his right hand and manually close her eyelids for her.  Now she looked like a sleeping angel, and completely at peace.
He was still breathing deeply, but he was not tired.  Still, he waited and rested for a moment, continuing to peer at her lovely face.  When he had been here before, he could not bring himself to look at her.  He had run the entire way, without so much as glancing at the face of the creature that he was abducting.  He remembered his thoughts and his feelings at that time.  He so much wanted to get for Tammy what she wanted, that everything else was pushed to the side.  He knew that this creature, an intelligent creature, was what Tammy wanted to study more than anything, so he chose her over the deer that they had tranquilized first.  At the time, he had felt in his heart that he was doing something wrong.  He distinctly felt that he was being told to take her back.  Take the deer, he kept feeling.  But he kept pushing those thoughts away as he ran towards his ship.  He had felt his conscience prick him continually as they were making their get away, but he would not give in.  That is why he could not look at her.  For days afterwards, he could not look into her face.  
Now it was different: a different voice inside of him was telling him that what he had done, and was now doing was foolish.  He truly felt sick inside for his brother, Mark.  But the voice that had told him to not take her—that voice was bringing a feeling of peace to his soul.  His conscience was feeling clean.  He knew that he was doing the right thing now, though he saw no other benefit to his actions.  As he looked at her, he felt such sorrow for what he had done to her.  She was dead, and though he had not directly killed her, he had done so indirectly.  His choices and decisions had led to this moment.  He had had plenty of opportunities to correct this, before it had come to this.  Yes, he was going to correct it today, but time had run out.  He had ignored his conscience for too long, and now it was too late.  He could not give her back her life, but he could give his life for her sake.
Slowly he rose to his feet, again.  He still felt no urgency, but instead walked at a comfortable pace.  He allowed himself to take in the beauty and majesty of his wooded surroundings.  This was her home, and it was fit for a person as beautiful and majestic as she had been.  He continued forward until he could see the outline of her home, at least a portion of the roof.  His heart sunk again, as he realized that he was experiencing the last few moments of his freedom, and probably his life.  But her sweet sleepy face brought him courage again.  “She deserves this,” he said aloud in her alien language.  
As he left the wooded area, he saw two figures walking away from the home that she had come from.  His eyes were once again uncomfortable in the brightness, but not to the extent that they had been several minutes before.  He could make out that it was a man, and a younger man.  That must be her husband and son, he thought.  
“Hello,” he shouted in his best rendition of her language.  Both of the figures stopped and looked in his direction.  Steve continued to walk forward, towards them.  He was not close enough to see their faces very well, but they certainly seemed to be surprised.  Come what may, I am going to do what is right by her now, he thought as he walked forward.  
The two figures, clearly now a man and a teenage boy, were also walking forward.  The older man looked pale.  His eyes were on the body in his Steve’s hands, and not on Steve’s face.  Steve could see a great deal of pain and stress on this older man’s face.  He looked much older than Aspiria.  Now, his gaze turned to the young man by his side.  He was Aspiria’s boy, there was no question.  He could see her both in features and in expression in that boy’s face.  He was also clearly the son of the man next to him.  This was indeed Aspiria’s family, and they clearly recognized her.
“I am so sorry,” Steve attempted as they became within ten feet of each other.  The older man began to speak, and though it had a certain familiarity to Steve, he could not understand what was being said.  His voice had a musical quality, like Aspiria’s, but it was deeper, and he spoke faster, and the tone made it impossible to follow.  The two came up all the way to Steve, and the older man put his arms underneath Aspiria’s body.  Steve allowed him to take her off of his hands.  The man, her husband, looked longingly at her face, and then spoke to Steve again.  Steve listened intently, but was still lost on the meaning of his words.  “I don’t understand,” he said in their language.  This phrase he had said to Aspiria countless times, and could say it very well.
The man, spoke more slowly this time, and likely phrased his words more simply.  This time Steve could understand: “She is warm, is she alive?  Does she sleep, like the deer?”
Steve bowed his head, and shook it.  Then looking the man in his eyes, said, “No, she is dead.  She has been just recently killed.  I did not kill her.  I tried to bring her to you alive, but she was killed before I could.”  He felt sick and self-serving as he offered this explanation, with an excuse.
Her husband’s countenance, which was already so pale, dropped even further, and he closed his eyes, seemingly in despair.  The father spoke to his son, and it was incoherent again, to Steve.  The son came up to the body of Aspiria and kissed her on the cheek.  He grabbed her hand and placed his cheek up against hers.  The husband turned and began to walk into his home, with the boy still holding Aspiria’s hand.  Steve stood there momentarily, not knowing what to do.  Then he followed them into their home.  The man walked with Aspiria, and laid her gently on the couch, ensuring that a pillow was underneath her head.  He carefully placed her, so that at least her body displayed the appearance of comfort.  He kneeled by her side, caressing her cheek and holding her hand.  He spoke softly, but it was not clear what he was saying, or who he was saying it to.  The young man stood at the head of the couch, above where Aspiria’s head was, and looked down.  The man bent over and laid his forehead on her breast.  Soft sobs could be heard.  Steve looked over at the young man, and he could see a tear fall from his face; it landed on his mother’s face and rolled down her cheek.  Steve felt uncomfortable being in their room, and observing them mourn—he, the perpetrator of their suffering.  But he also felt a sense of gladness that he was there.  He knew that she deserved this, and felt that whatever future he would have to endure, it was worth it now.
Some minutes passed in this manner.  Eventually, the father and the son were both kneeling by her side.  Steve began to mourn, too.  He mourned for this great woman, and for the motherless child.  He mourned for the husband, now a widower.  He mourned for his own brother, who was now left, essentially, without family.  He thought of how he had hated that drunk driver, and would not forgive him.  Now he was on the other side.  He had committed the wrongs that led to this family’s sorrows.
The husband got up and approached Steve.  He spoke slowly and simply.  “Thank you for returning her.  You may go back to your people, now.”  That was it: no anger, no punishment—no revenge.
Steve stood there in silence for a moment.  Then he shook his head.  “My people are gone.  They have left me.  I am in your hands.  You may do with me what you wish.”  The man’s eyes narrowed as he looked at and listened to Steve.
“You are not going back?  You are staying, here?”  The concept seemed to be beyond the alien man’s comprehension, especially at this moment.
“I am sorry, so sorry,” said Steve as he bowed his head and nodded.
“Did you know her?  Did you know, my Aspiria?”
“Yes, she is wonderful.”
“You have known her since she has been gone?”
Steve felt the sting of remorse and guilt surge within him, “Yes, I took her.  It is my fault that she has been gone from you.”
The man nodded.  There was silence between everyone, for what exactly do you say to each other at a moment such as this.  Then, the man spoke, “You shall stay here,” and he indicated his home.  “You shall be a part of our family.”
Steve looked at him in disbelief.  Surely he misunderstood the language.  But he could see it in the man’s eyes that he was in earnest.  Steve was ready for all things: death, punishment, torture, imprisonment; but not this—not kindness and forgiveness.  The young boy walked up to Steve now.  The two looked each other in the eyes.  Steve could see Aspiria was still alive, in the face of that young man.  He must be about Mark’s age, Steve thought.
“Thank you for returning my mother to me,” he began.  “I cannot imagine being as brave as you are, and leaving your people to bring her back to me.  I thought that I would never see her again.”
Steve began to melt on the inside.  The boy, still looking at him, spoke again, “I forgive you.”  He came up to Steve, and gave him an embrace.  
Steve was not sure what to say, but he again looked into this young man’s eyes.  “Not long ago, Aspiria, your mother, heard a wonderful story.  She said that she wanted to tell it to you.  She cannot tell you that story now, but I can.  It is the story of the birth, of the Son of God.”
The young man looked at Steve curiously.  The older man spoke.  “You are from that world?”
“Yes, I am from that world.”  



Chapter 49





A loud knock at the door sent chills down Steve’s spine.  The three men turned toward the door, and Roloff made his way towards it.  When the door opened, Steve’s heart sank.  
The figure in the door was that of a man.  This man, however, was grotesque.  He was tall and gangly, and his face was menacing.  Steve could hear him speak, and he heard Roloff answer, but he could not understand what was spoken.  The man walked in, and Steve got a better look.   Aspiria, Roloff, and Caryell were the only beings from this planet that Steve had laid eyes on, before.  They were all so beautiful, Aspiria extraordinarily so.  Steve, though not conscious of it, felt that all from this world must have this characteristic.  Now, it was clear to him, that this was not so.  Still, the sheer hideousness of this creature—this man before him, caused both discomfort and confusion to swell within him.  Aspiria’s external beauty matched perfectly and harmoniously with her internal beauty.  Roloff and Caryell gave to him the same impression.  This man—this creature—could not be of the same quality as Aspiria.  Inside, Steve felt that this man could not be good.
Steve shuddered as Roloff indicated him, with his arm, to the man who had just entered.  The man turned his expression on Steve and glared at him with a look that caused Steve to freeze.  Steve could feel every muscle in his body tighten.  Steve’s consciousness was elevated, and he understood Roloff as he said, “He has brought Aspiria back to us.  She is dead.”
The man, Seryen, turned back to Roloff, and began to speak.  “As I was returning home, I felt the distinct impression that I was to return to your home.  I felt that you needed my help.  I thought that I might find Aspiria here.  I felt her presence.  Where is she?”
“My friend, my dear friend,” Roloff began, “she is in here.”  The men made their way slowly so that Seryen could see her body lying on the couch.  Steve stayed in place, just turning his head.  Caryell made his way back over to the couch.  Seryen put his hand on Caryell’s shoulder as they met.  Then he reached with his other hand and touched Aspiria’s face.
“She is still warm; she cannot be dead.  Is she like the deer?” Seryen asked with hope in his voice.
“No.  This man tells us that this is not so,” and Roloff, again indicating Steve.
Seryen, again, looked at Steve.  He did not speak, but looked as though he wanted a further explanation.  Steve hesitated, and struggled to find the words in this alien tongue.  All three of the aliens were looking at him expectantly.  “The deer was given a drug to make it sleep.  Aspiria was given a drug to take her life.  She was given it only moments ago.  Her body has not yet had time to cool.  I am sorry, it is my fault.  She is dead.  I am so sorry.”  He felt sorrow—intense sorrow.
Roloff and Caryell nodded slowly.  Seryen continued to look in Steve’s direction, but was not looking at him.  His strange, irregularly placed eyes seemed to be staring off into space.  The silence became awkward.  Roloff and Caryell were again looking at Aspiria’s body.  Steve’s sorrow, fear, and concern were at first magnified.  Then he began to feel some peace creep in, slowly, but distinctly.
The expression on Seryen’s face began to change.  Brightness entered into his countenance, making his face less hideous.  Seryen looked down at Aspiria and then away again.  He turned toward Roloff, and then spoke quietly, so that only Roloff could hear.  Roloff listened intently, and at first showed no expression on his face.  After Seryen finished speaking, Roloff looked out in front of him.  He was clearly thinking.  Caryell was kneeling beside his mother’s body, holding her hand and crying softly.
Roloff turned toward Seryen again, and nodded slowly and softly.  He spoke quietly to Caryell, and Caryell looked up at his father.  Then he arose to his feet, and backed a little away from his mother’s body.  The men bowed their heads and closed their eyes.  Roloff spoke reverently and slowly.  It seemed to Steve as if they were praying, and indeed they were.  After a few moments, Steve also closed his eyes and bowed his head.  He could not remember the last time that he had participated in a prayer.
Roloff’s voice trailed off, and, after a few moments, Steve reopened his eyes.  He saw Seryen standing behind the couch, behind Aspiria’s head, and saw him place his hands on her head.  Roloff joined him by his side, and place his hands upon her head.  Seryen looked over towards Roloff, and Roloff nodded.  Seryen spoke, with his eyes closed, so softly that Steve could only hear the tone of his voice.  It sounded so pleasant now.  Steve’s feelings were beginning to change towards this alien man.  He was hardly aware of his appearance now.  The peace that he had begun to feel, moments ago, was increasing and intensifying.  He felt no fear.  He felt love—God’s love—and the room felt brighter. 
Steve did not close his eyes.  He looked over at Caryell, and perceived brightness in his countenance.  Caryell did have his eyes closed and his head bowed.  Steve looked again at the men, and at the body of Aspiria.  He was struck with how beautiful and peaceful she looked.  Where was the bruise on her forehead?  It had disappeared.  Color began to come to her cheeks.  He looked up at the men, and they were still in the act of performing this rite or ritual.  He looked down again at Aspiria, her chest heaved as though she had taken a breath.  Steve was overcome by what he saw.  He felt weightless, an intense burning was in his chest, and again shivers ran down his spine.
He saw the hands removed from her head, and looked up at the men.  They were now looking at Aspiria, and from the look on their faces, they, too, could see the changes in her.  It seemed to last for minutes, though it was truly just a few seconds that they all stood there, gazing at Aspiria.
“Mother,” said Caryell with relief and excitement in his voice.  Aspiria’s eyes opened, and she looked over at Caryell.  She had never looked so beautiful in her life.  She smiled as she had never smiled before.  Caryell ran and embraced her.  She did not lift up from the couch, but looked up at her husband.  Tears were in both of their eyes.  They did not speak, but continued to gaze at each other.  Steve looked over at Seryen, and could see that he, too, was overcome with emotion.  Caryell completed the embrace, and moved so that his father could come to her.
“I’ve missed you so much,” she said gazing into her son’s eyes.
“You’re alive,” whispered Roloff in a broken voice.  Her sweet smile again appeared on her face.  Roloff knelt beside her and embraced her with a gentle intensity.  The vision of this scene became blurry as Steve’s eyes filled with tears.  He wiped them away slowly, and tried to look on.  As their embrace ended, Roloff helped Aspiria to a sitting position.  He asked her if she was okay, and she acknowledged him with a nod and a smile.
It was then, that she first observed Steve.  He felt sweetness and love as she looked at him, directly in his eyes.  “Thank you,” she whispered to him, in English.



Epilogue





A little more than five years had passed and Steve was working outside of his home—the Palador’s home—on a hot and humid summer evening.  He had waited until after dinner to begin his gardening precisely because it would be the only part of the day that he could work outdoors in any degree of comfort.  Steve was an accepted part of the community, now.  He had worked tirelessly to help repair the damage done by the attack from earth.  The electrical systems were restored, the buildings repaired, and life had returned to normal.  Some families would never be able to be back to normal again because of the lives that were lost.  Still, after some time even those families were making their way again.
Steve felt that he was earning his keep during these rebuilding years.  He would return to the Palador’s home late in the evening, or perhaps after a few days if his work took him to the city.  The Paladors treated him like family, and he never felt out of place—at least he was not treated that way by them.  In reality, he always felt out of place.  In some ways he loved it.  This was not earth, but in many ways he felt that it was better.  He loved the cleanliness, the cooperation, and the work ethic with which the inhabitants of this planet (the people as he would have said) were filled.  Still, he missed the excitement, the technology, and especially his brother.  He missed the Space Force, and his role as a Captain.  There were many beautiful young women on this planet, but, though friendly, never once did any show him any romantic interest.  He, too, felt no romantic interest towards any of them.  He learned to love the people, but not in that way.  There was no point.  He felt something of this sort missing in his life, and saw no hope of it ever being realized.  He was an alien, and these human-like people were not compatible with him.  He never thought of Tammy.  He did not long for her, and in all reality he had repressed any thought of her deeply beyond his consciousness.
He had come here expecting to be imprisoned or killed.  Instead, he had been given his freedom, with which he devoted everything he had to giving help to those who were injured because of him.  For a long while he expected the return of the Space Force in one form or another.  Perhaps they would return for him, perhaps for Aspiria (or her body as they would have supposed), or perhaps another attack.  He hoped they might consider diplomatic relations.  For the first few days, maybe weeks, he worried and was even paranoid.  But as silence ensued, and eventually, as years past he went from worry to concern—concern that they would never return; that he would be forever stuck here.  He was concerned about Mark, and thought that they may never meet again.
Now, even these concerns had somewhat faded.  He was at home, and was very attached with Caryell and the Palador family.  He was resigned to being somewhat lonely, but not alone.  To living in a paradise of sorts, but always being a welcomed stranger.  He was resigned to living the life of a beloved alien.  His lot was what he had once given to Aspiria.  Their roles were reversed, except that he had chosen his lot, and she had had hers forced upon her.  Steve felt both blessed by his fortune, and justified in his punishment.  He was happy and relatively at peace with himself and his circumstances.
Once the repair work was completed, he had returned to live with the Paladors full time.  He ate at their table and slept in their home.  He was given, and allowed to do, anything he desired.  After a week or two, he felt that he must make his own way.  Roloff and he discussed it, and Steve understood that it would be better for him to stay with the Paladors than to live alone.  But what would he do.  He helped Aspiria in her little vegetable garden for a while, and then thought that he could turn it into something more substantial.  He could work the soil, and provide some of the family’s food in this way.  It was not necessary for the Paladors, nor did they particularly want this, but it was necessary for Steve.  Roloff saw this at once, and gave Steve a large plot and any support that Steve needed.  
He now worked this garden with duty and purpose.  Steve knew deep inside that this was not necessary, but he did not allow himself to ponder upon that.  Caryell would sometimes spend the day with Steve working the garden.  At first Steve objected—Steve was earning his keep—but with time it became a chance to bond together; and Steve liked that.  Caryell was not like Mark, but he did partially fill a hole in Steve’s heart.  On this stifling day, Steve had spent his day in reading.  He had learned to both speak and now read this alien language quite well.  He still spoke in English with Aspiria, when they were alone.  He spoke in her tongue when anyone else was around.  Both he and Aspiria enjoyed their unique bilingual abilities.  No one else had ever taken any more than a passing interest in English.
After dinner, with the sun closer to the horizon, Steve decided to do his gardening.  Caryell and Roloff were gone, and Aspiria was in the house attending to various chores.  Although cooler than at midday, the heat was still stifling and sweat was dripping, almost gushing, from his forehead.  He stopped to wipe his brow, when he heard a man say, “Captain Jenners,” in American English.  Steve stopped and turned around.  Two members of the Space Force were standing about twenty yards in front of him.  One was fully hooded, and his face was not visible.   The other, the one who had spoken to him, had his helmet on but the shield up, allowing him to speak.  The voice was familiar, and the features were as well, but Steve could not instantly place him.  
Steve did not move from his position, and neither did the men from the Space Force.  They both looked at each other for a few moments.  Steve eventually broke the silence, “Are you taking me back to earth?”  He spoke in an assertive, unaffected manner.
“Only if that is what you would like to do,” said the man in a friendly manner.  Steve’s heart was not racing, he felt physically calm.  But mentally his state was that of a firestorm.  Did he want to return to earth?  His life was currently a paradisiacal prison.  Would he be trading this in for a true prison?  What was earth like now?  The men continued to stare at each other in silence.  The man in the black space suit spoke again, “We’ve been instructed to either take you back, or leave you here, but that we cannot stay for more than a few minutes.  If you are ready to return to earth, we need to leave now.”
Strange, Steve thought, I don’t seem to be in much trouble.  It could be a trick…get me to go easily and cooperatively.  Even as these thoughts went through his mind, he began to walk towards the house.  He would not leave without saying goodbye to Aspiria.  Yes, he was going back home to whatever it was that would await him.  He still thought of the two men as strangers, and was walking past them towards the house.  But as he got closer he caught a better look at the visor-less man.  “Danny,” he said almost joyously.
Danny smiled warmly, enjoying the recognition.  “Actually, it’s ‘Captain Wang’ now.”  
“Danny!” said Aspiria as she came out of the house.  Even her English had a sing-song quality to it now.  She ran right up to him and threw her arms around him.  The man with the visor turned to look at the event.  After the embrace Aspiria stepped back with her hands on her hips and her face glowing.  Danny was bright red.
“It is wonderful to see you, Aspiria,” said Danny in a forced attempted at his stoic demeanor.  It occurred to Steve that he did not seem shocked that she was alive.  Aspiria was in a brown and gold trimmed dress.  Her hair was a little longer now.  Danny could perceive a slight ageing to Aspiria, but all-in-all she looked better than she ever did in captivity.  She really was glowing in the evening sunlight.  “We’ve come to take Captain Jenners back to earth, if he desires that,” he said turning back to Steve.
“So you’re a Captain, now,” Steve said proudly.
“Yes, this is my first mission.  Since I know you, it was easy to get this mission.”  Turning back to Aspiria, “I am sorry that we cannot stay.  I have always hoped to spend time with you on your world.  I’d love to try some of your true homemade cooking.”
“It’s everything that you could imagine and more,” said Steve.
Aspiria was pleased, and then she looked over at the other man.  “I remember this disguise.  How come you still have your visor on?”
Danny looked at his companion.  “He is following orders—my orders.  I told him to not take it off unless it is necessary.  He is plan B.”  Steve looked at Danny and squinted in a suspicious manner.  “If you weren’t willing to come with me, I thought that maybe you would be willing to come with him.”  Steve looked at the man with the visor, and Danny told him to lift his visor.
The visor went up and revealed a handsome young man with blond hair and blue eyes.  
“Steve,” he said.
“Mark!” and the two men embraced.  Tears were slowly running down Aspiria’s cheeks.  “You’re okay…you look great…you’re in the Space Force.”  Steve was now emotional.
“Are you coming back with me?” asked Mark, trying to hold back the emotion.
“Yes, I’m coming back with you.”
Steve turned to Aspiria.  “Be safe,” she said.  Then, looking at him directly in the eyes, she said, “Thank you, with all my heart.  Thank you for everything,” and she gave him a warm embrace.  
“I thank you for everything,” said Steve.  “Please tell Roloff and Caryell goodbye for me.  I wish I could say that in person.”  This he said in Aspiria’s alien language.  Mark looked at him with a quizzical expression.  Steve looking at him smiled and said, “Com’ on, kid.  Let’s go home.”
Aspiria stood and watched as the three men walked towards the woods.  Part of her wanted to walk behind them to see the ship.  She had never been conscious, or alive, when she had made her previous journeys to and from the ship.  But she wasn’t that curious, and she definitely didn’t want to somehow end up back on the ship.  From the time that she had been taken until now her life had been changed.  She had not had her family back, just as they had been.  She now had Steve in the home with them.  It had changed the dynamics.  She had had a constant reminder of her captivity with him there.  Caryell loved Steve and that made her happy.  Caryell truly enjoyed the companionship.  She would be sad as she told him that Steve was gone.  Roloff was never quite the same since the event.  He never seemed to be himself, or as comfortable in the home.  She hoped that family life might get back to normal for her.  She would miss Steve as well, but just like Steve, she was ready for him to go back home.
The journey back to earth was relatively uneventful.  Steve and Mark spent every waking hour together.  Steve asked question after question and was able to catch back up on many things.  He mostly asked about Mark and their grandfather.  Marks life had been very good since the incident.  Steve’s pay had been given to them.  He was still on the payroll of the Space Force, and it had been increased to hazard pay.  So, Gramps could retire and they lived in a comfortable home near to the Gilmores.  Gramps had maintained his friendship with them, and had become acquainted with some of their older friends and neighbors.  He was as happy as could be.  He hardly watched television because his social life took up too much of his time.  Marks girlfriend Tess was quite the beauty.  They had been friends for many years, but things had gotten romantic over the past year.  Mark could have talked about Tess all day, so Steve had to keep nudging him towards other topics.  Steve smiled as he heard Mark talk.
Danny and Steve found some time to talk, also.  Steve was thoroughly proud of Danny.  After getting reacquainted with Danny, Steve began to enquire about the other crew members.  Kenny was now a distinguished Captain in his own right.  James was still at it as a technical guy.  He and Kenny were together on a mission.  No other inhabited alien worlds had yet been discovered, or if they had the info had not been declassified or leaked.  James was probably itching to find another one by now.  “And how is Mike,” asked Steve.  
Danny explained that he had taken a promotion with command.  He was no longer flying missions, but was working on the command station.  “I don’t think he wanted any more action,” Danny said with a wry smile.  Danny was still serious and stoic most of the time, but not so much as he used to be.  Being in charge suited him better than being on the bottom rung.  He seemed to be more relaxed, now.
“Well, what’s Bob up to?”
Another, even larger smile crept across Danny’s face.  “Bob stayed on with the Space Force for a couple of years—enough to finish out his enlistment requirements.  I don’t think he did any further navigation.  Anyway, he opened up a restaurant in New York City.  It is doing quite well, from what I understand.  His menu is based on Aspiria’s cooking methods.  I’m not sure if it is so popular because of that, or if the food is just that good.  Either way, you should go when you get the chance.  He would love it.  On my next leave, I am definitely checking it out.”
Steve sat there smiling.  What else could Bob be doing?  Steve had been eating Aspiria’s actual cooking for the past few years.  Bob couldn’t mimic what she did with her actual recipes—the vegetables and spices were so different—but he was curious about it.  He thought about the words, ‘when you get the chance;’ what did Danny mean by that?  He had said it offhandedly, but it still seemed to carry some significance.
Steve did not inquire about Tammy, and Danny didn’t offer anything up.  It was not out of any spite—Steve simply did not think to ask.   He had not reflected on her at all over the past five years.  
“Captain Jenners, we will be arriving early tomorrow.  I think that you should get some good rest, and be looking sharp in your full Captains uniform,” said Danny, more as Captain Wang.
“Who will be debriefing me?”
“The President.”
“The President will be on the Command Station?” asked Steve in shock.
Danny smiled again.  “No, Captain Jenners, the President will be in the White House, and so will you.  We’re not docking with the Command Station.  We are landing in Washington D.C., just a short drive to the White House.”
“What about quarantine?”
“I am told that it isn’t necessary.”
Danny left, and Steve was alone.  If Danny wanted him to get some good sleep, that wasn’t the information to leave him with last.  As Steve lay in bed, his mind raced over many things.  He awoke early, and was not tired, but that was more due to his adrenaline rush, than to having had a good or peaceful sleep.  Mark was tearful as he said goodbye to Steve.  He would be on leave soon, and he expressed his hope that Steve would be available at that time.  Danny offered him a full salute, which Steve returned, and then he walked off of the ship.
There were guards awaiting him.  Again, he wondered if he would be strong armed.  But no, they treated him with dignity and deference.  “Sir, if you would, our car is right this way.  We will be heading directly to the White House.  The President is awaiting you.”
It was a hot summer August day in Washington D.C.  The humidity was nearly unbearable.  D.C. was practically a ghost town this time of year.  It was surprising that the President was even in town.  Why wasn’t he on vacation, or somewhere else, when congress and everyone else seemed to be away, Steve reflected.  The car ride was less than ten minutes.  The men, who sat in front, did not say a word to themselves nor to Steve.  D.C. never changes thought Steve as he looked out the window.  They entered the gate at the White House, and then walked inside.  The men handed Steve off to the staff woman, and then left.  The White House was expecting him.  He and the staff woman walked alone to the Oval Office; he did not appear to be under guard or surveillance.
“Have a seat here, Captain Jenners,” said the staff woman in a courteous tone.  She was about fifty years old, and wore a cream skirt and jacket suit.  She was a little plump with mid-length short white hair.  Steve took the seat, and the woman asked if she could get anything for him.  
Steve didn’t answer immediately, he was mentally distracted.  “I don’t know what time it is, or what time I am meeting with President…I’m sorry, I don’t know what his name is,” said Steve somewhat befuddled.
The woman looked at him curiously and smiled.  “You have been away, sir.  It is not Mr. President, it is Ms. President and she will be with you in just a few minutes.  Can I get you something to drink, or would you like something to read?”
Steve’s eyes widened and he nodded, more to himself than to the woman’s question.  “Uh…no, I’ll just wait for her…for the President.  I’m fine.”
“Very good, sir.”  The woman walked into the Oval Office and shut the door behind her.  Within about two minutes she came back out.  She did not say anything more to Steve.  She nodded at him as she left the office, and then walked back to towards the way that they had come.  Steve could hear muffled voices from various offices, but all-in-all the west wing seemed very quiet.  Steve felt very alone, and he was used to that.  
His wait was about twelve minutes, but to him it seemed much longer.  There were a number of things that were bothering him, and he began to consider them.  No one was surprised to find Aspiria alive.  In fact, no one had asked anything about her, or her world, or anything else.  He was never even asked by Mark how he was doing.  Steve asked anything he wanted of Mark and Danny, and they answered with ease and comfort.  Yet, not one question was addressed to him.  He had lived for the past five years on an alien planet, with an alien species, and no one seemed a bit interested in any of it.  He was taken directly to earth, with no quarantine, and the first person he would see is the President of the United States.  He had not received a psychiatric assessment or any physical at all.  He was left unguarded, and supposedly going to meet alone with the President.  Nothing seemed right, and he was beginning to feel particularly uncomfortable.  Finally the door to the Oval Office opened and a strangely familiar voice said, “Steve.”
He got up and turned to look.  He stared at the President in amazement.  “Tammy?—are you joining me and the President?”  Emotions immediately began to swell within him.  He had blocked this woman that he once loved from his consciousness.  Now she was standing in front of him at the Oval Office.  His feelings were not those of his last meeting with her, rather they were as when they first met.  Her beauty and charm made his heart pump.  She was unmistakably attractive to him, even now after all these years, and after all that she had done.
“Steve, I am the President.  Please come in,” she said while motioning him to enter.  She wore a forest green skirt and jacket with a white blouse.  The skirt was longer than he was used to seeing her wear, cut just above the knees.  Her hair was as brilliant as ever—long, red, curly, and bright.  She had aged some, but not much.  She was as confident—no, more confident than ever.  Yet, there was a certain sweetness in her demeanor.  She did not seem as edgy as he remembered her. 
Steve followed her into the office.  She did not wait for him, but walked toward her desk.  As he entered the room, he paused at the door and watched her walking.  He had been through a lot of unusual experiences, but nothing felt more surreal to him that what he felt at this moment.  When she got behind her desk, she sat down and crossed her legs.  “Please, come in and shut the door.  Have a seat right here,” she said and motioned to a seat across the desk from her.  Steve obeyed mechanically, and walked slowly to the indicated seat.
Steve stood by the seat and stared directly at Tammy.  “You can stand if you like, but I’d rather you sat down,” she said kindly.
“What do I call you?  President Rodgers…is it Rodgers?  Are you married?—I’m sorry…I just…uh, I’m just surprised.”
“Married!” she said with a laugh.  “How could I be married?  I thought that we were still going out.  You don’t have an alien girlfriend back on that other planet do you?”
Steve went white.  “Uh…no, I…”
“Sit down, relax, I was just trying to break the ice.”  Steve did sit down.  “Out there, call me President Rodgers.  When we are alone, it’s still Tammy.”
“Okay,” he mustered.
“A lot has happened since you have been gone.”  Steve nodded, continuing to stare at her as she spoke.  “I take it you haven’t been filled in on much.”  Steve shook his head.  Tammy smiled reassuringly.  “That’s good, I hoped that I would be the one to fill you in.  The story begins, when last we met.  I had just euthanized Aspiria—I’m told that she is alive.  I really don’t know how that is possible, but we’ll get to that later.  So, you took her body and went to her planet with her body.  Now you are here, in the Oval Office with the President of the United States, and that President happens to be me.  I guess you would like it if I filled in the gap.”
“Yes, I would.”
Tammy paused, and looked away momentarily.  “I sat in the lab for a very long time.  My boyfriend, whom I loved dearly, had just left me in a state of fury with the body of a dead alien that I had just euthanized.  I did not know what you were doing, but I could never have imagined that you would take her dead body back to her world.  I was devastated.  I thought that I had lost you forever.  I, too, was upset about having to do that to Aspiria.  I really did think that you had given the command.  They showed me a recording of you saying to do it.  Anyway, I was more upset than I had ever been before.  Finally, Kenny comes into the lab and asks where you and Aspiria are.  He can tell that I am upset, and he looks pretty confused himself.  I decide to not say anything.  He doesn’t press, and everyone is searching the ship.  When they come back to the lab, I had figured out what you had done.  I was really worried about you.  I figured that you were walking into a death trap, or worse, by bringing back her dead body after what we had just done to them.  I told everyone that you, as the commander in the field, chose to sacrifice yourself for the good of the mission.  That you had taken Aspiria back to her world, so as not to further upset them.  To do it as a peace offering, but that you would stay with her yourself to make sure that she did not give away any of our secrets.  I did not tell them that I had euthanized her.  With how angry you were, I was afraid for my life.  Since you were both gone, I figured it would be better for everyone to think that you had chosen to guard her alive, rather than sacrifice yourself to give back a dead body.  That would have made you look foolish, or that you had lost your mind.  I wanted you to look wise and heroic.  At least that way we all had a chance of things working out, eventually.”
“So, no one knew that you had killed her?”
“You are the only one that ever knew.  Central Command, and everyone else believed that you took her back alive.  That you stayed to protect our secrets, and to become an ambassador.  You are a hero, Steve.  You have no idea how good this has all worked out.”
Steve just stared at her with his eyes wide open.
“I did everything I could to protect you.  I know how you felt about the things that I did,” she looked down subconsciously as she said that, “but I hoped…hope that you still care about me.”  There was a long and awkward pause.  “I wasn’t really kidding when I asked if we were still going out.  I haven’t been with anyone.  I still consider myself with you.”
Steve knew that it was his turn to speak.  He was at an utter and complete loss for words.  “You’ve caught me by surprise.  I really don’t know what I think or feel right now.”  Tammy nodded slowly, and showed a glimpse of disappointment on her face.  “I’m still rather confused about everything.  You’re the President, how did that happen?”  The question was genuine, but he tried to smile good naturedly.  
The powerful Tammy came out now.  The look of the long lost lover was gone.  Steve had seen this look before, though it was rarely directed at him.  “Things were in disarray when we arrived at the station.  The President, who was trying to save his re-election with that attack on Aspiria’s planet, was now afraid for his life—forget the election.  People were disgusted by what they saw during the attack.  I don’t know if you were aware, but they filmed the whole attack and fed it as instantly as possible for general viewing.  I doubt that you would want to see it, but it is available if you wanted to.  It was sickening to watch.  Somehow he, or his advisors, thought that he could get the people’s thirst for blood quenched, and that then he could begin diplomatic relations with the Aspiria’s people.  Well, I guess it sort of worked, but he was ousted in a landslide on election day.  Before he left he took Commander Winton out.  He tried to make him the fall guy for the full attack.  People were glad to see him go to, but it didn’t help the President’s re-election.”
Steve’s interest was piqued.  “When was Commander Winton sacked?”
“Within a week of the attack.  He was essentially on his way out when we got to the station.  Anything in regards to the attack, or in causing harm to Aspiria was now the greatest of evils.  You, however, were quickly becoming the hero.  I painted as heroic a picture of you as I could.  The public was like a pendulum.  They had been pushed through their irrational fear to a blood thirsty hatred of the aliens.  But when they saw them up close, they saw themselves—they saw themselves being attacked for no good reason, like lambs to the slaughter.  We were everything that we feared.  The people wouldn’t blame themselves, so they took it out on the President and on Commander Winton.  
“Because of what you had done, at least what I told them that you had done, our ship and crew was beloved by the people.  You had disobeyed direct orders by the President and the Commander, and had done ‘the right thing.’  Everyone’s career benefited by the circumstances, but I was in the best position.  The clip of Aspiria and I together, showed us to be friends.  I was the only witness of your choosing to go back with Aspiria.  I was interviewed by everyone.  My research became world renowned.  I had everything that I could have ever wanted, except for you.”
Steve nodded slowly.  His attraction for Tammy had been reawakened.  
“As the fizzle of fame began to die down, and life became normalized again, I began to get very down.  I was missing you and worried about you.  I began to reflect on where things had gone wrong with us.  I thought about the fetus that I had carried, and for the first time I wished that I had that child.  I wished to have a part of you with me.  I wondered about how the child would look, how it would be like you, and how it would be like me.  That child would be nearly five years old right now.  The child’s father would be the greatest hero in the world, and the child’s mother would be the President of the United States.”
Tears began to slowly well up in Steve’s eyes.  As he stared at Tammy, he could see glistening moisture in her eyes, also.  “I also began to feel something deeper than regret for euthanizing Aspiria.   I went through a period of soul searching.  I felt a deep remorse for my choices and a great sorrow for your loss.  I never thought that you had died.  I think that was because of Aspiria.  She was so forgiving and kind that I thought that you may have been spared by her people.  Still, I worried myself sick sometimes.  I felt that it was my fault, whatever may have happened to you.  If I hadn’t euthanized her, you would have just let her go, and you would be back with me.  I also felt for the loss of Aspiria.  At first, I couldn’t look past her as an alien and my subject.  But as the months past, I reflected on her with feelings of friendship.  I had gotten so down and felt so much darkness that the only people that I wanted to see were my child that I had aborted, Aspiria who I had euthanized, and my boyfriend who I had caused to be marooned on an alien planet.  These were the darkest days of my life.”
There was a pause.  Tammy was not looking at Steve; she had turned in her chair and was looking to her left.  “The new President wanted to meet with me.  I had a one-on-one meeting in here.  He didn’t know what to do about you.  He really didn’t want to send the Space Force anywhere near the planet.  It hadn’t worked out so well for the last President.  The Space Force was out and about anywhere that they were not likely to run into anything.  The last thing that he wanted in his first four years was an alien crisis.  
“I was still afraid of everyone finding out what I did to Aspiria.  I knew that I had obeyed orders, and that I was not going to be in any legal trouble, but I didn’t want to lose my reputation—my credibility.  I really wanted you back, but at that time I feared that you would have nothing to do with me anyway.  I told him that it would be best to leave the Space Force away from the planet.  I told him that you would be fine, and that there was much that you could accomplish from there.  I told him to wait until he had been re-elected to go on a reconnaissance mission.
“I was sitting right where you are sitting, and he was sitting right where I am.  He was putty in my hands.  I was in complete control.  I was sitting with the President, and he was powerless compared to me.  Steve, you are the only man that I have not felt more powerful than.  Anyway, I left feeling better inside.  I felt that I could still be useful.  Our last President was a joke.  He would have never won the election if it wasn’t for the circumstances.  He was a completely useless President.  I began to realize my place in the world.  I was not just a famous scientist, but I was a power to be reckoned with.  I could do this.  I could become the President, and I could actually provide leadership.  The people trusted and adored me.  I could get things back; I could set them right.  I had a mission and that was to be the person calling the shots.  I could then get you back, and then we could, together, truly build a peaceful relationship with Aspiria’s world.  It was within my power, and I knew it.  The darkness was gone, and I was ready to take on this cause.
“I’m yet to discover anything that I am not good at.  As it turns out, I’m a top notch politician.  I was elected with ease—not quite the landslide as the previous election, but still 56% isn’t bad; forty-six states, too.  I won’t bore you with the details, but among the things that I am doing, I’ve actually got the Space Force back looking for the other worlds that Aspiria was so confident in.  Kenny and James are hot on the trail as we speak.  I’ve got you back, and I’m ready for the most important step.  We need to setup peaceful relations between our worlds.  Steve, I want to do this together.  You and I, together.   We can set off in a few days.  I know that you just got back, but we could do something more important than has ever been done before.  We’ve already done that, literally, hand-in-hand.  Finding them was huge; but bridging our worlds and making a peaceful union between them, now that would be something.”
Tammy’s eyes bore deep into him.  His attraction and love for her had been reawakened.  What she said made so much sense.  Still, there was a nagging discomfort in his soul.  He could not place it though.  Maybe he wanted to spend some time back on earth.  Perhaps he just wanted to let Aspiria and her world alone.  What was the point of setting up relations at all with them.  Just let them alone, they are fine without us.  No, that wasn’t’ it.  He was kind of excited to go with Tammy; would the President really travel aboard my ship?  Plus he wouldn’t be gone that long, this time.  Aspiria and her people would love to learn about our world, and there was much that our world could learn from theirs.  It was a good thing.  So what was it that was bothering him.
“We’ve better get going, or people might start wondering what’s going on in here,” she said smiling and raising her eyebrows.  “I’ve arranged for you to have accommodations here at the White House, and we can talk again tomorrow.”  She got up from her seat, and Steve did the same.  Rather than walk towards the door, Tammy met Steve and embraced him.  She gave him a short kiss, and he could feel the electricity.  He felt both the exhilaration of romance and an increased uneasiness.  Was he bothered by what she had done, by the abortion and her trying to kill Aspiria?  If that was it, then what about forgiveness?  He had been forgiven for all that he had done by Aspiria and her family.  The people there had forgiven them for the attack.  He had lived amongst a people ready to forgive and had enjoy the fruits of receiving forgiveness.  He had not, perhaps, actively forgiven Tammy, but he did not feel bitterness towards her—quite the opposite.  He felt as though he may want to rekindle the romance.
They were now walking towards the door and Tammy had her arm around his waist.  The nagging feeling began to eat at him, while his heart began to swell towards her.  
That’s it, he thought—deception.  Everything that is, here on earth, is based on deception.  Deception: that I took Aspiria back alive and chose to stay and guard our secrets.  Deception: that Tammy had not tried, and actually succeeded in killing her.  Deception: that Tammy and I have never been together, that our relationship is professional alone.  She is the President because of fabrications.  I returned to earth as a hero because of lies, and they will continue.  We will always know what is real, but we will live out this falsehood for our own protection and fame.  
Tammy had Danny go and get me, and leave immediately.  No time to talk and find out what is happening on that world.  ‘Don’t ask Captain Jenners any questions, I will question him alone.  Don’t take him to the space station, take him directly here.’  
Aspiria is alive, she could tell the tale.  No, because Tammy and I will go alone to set up diplomatic relations.  No one, other than those who already know the truth, will ever find out.  She has this set up perfectly, but it is all based on lies.  She said herself that she is a ‘top notch politician.’
“It’s so good to see you again, Steve,” Tammy said as they approached the door.  “I will see you tomorrow, and we should be on our way soon.  Everything is working out just as we had always hoped,” she said with a smile as they walked a few more paces.  
That’s the thing about Aspiria’s world: it’s true.  There’s no deception.  The people aren’t perfect, but they are honest.  I loved that about living on her world.  I have live honestly among them for these many years.  There was no pretext as to who I am, or what I am.  I was accepted and forgiven, and allowed to live as a better man in spite of all that I had caused to be done to them.  
But before…oh, before!  I was secretive about everything.  I let Bob navigate before he was ready so that I could carry on a hidden affair with Tammy.  I tried to conceal her pregnancy so that I could figure out how to get away with it.  I lied to Central Command and most of the crew, and told them that we would kill Aspiria when I intended to save her.  Death has been the fruit of the dishonesty that I have sown.  The attack on Aspiria’s world, the abortion of my child, and even the poisoning of Aspiria were all directly related to my deceits.  I don’t want to live a life of deception anymore. 
“Just remember, when we’re alone we are Steve and Tammy, but at any other time we’re President Rodgers and Captain Jenners,” said the President with a wink as she opened the door of the Oval Office. 

About the Author:


Dane Bagley studied philosophy at Brigham Young University, but received his bachelor of science in physiological optics from the University of Alabama at Birmingham, in 1999.  He then received his Doctor of Optometry degree from the University of Alabama at Birmingham School of Optometry, in 2001.  He is the owner and doctor of Perfect Optical Eyecare Center in Huntsville, Alabama. He resides with his wife, two sons, and two daughters in Madison, Alabama.  He enjoys sports, games, and gardening with the family.  He also enjoys serving in his church. 



Summary:


Through multi-dimensional travel it is now possible to reach the outer edges of the universe and return to earth, within a person’s lifespan.  The Space Force is on the search for extra-terrestrial life; but initially, everywhere they look it is eerily quiet.  What they do find is unlike what anyone had imagined.  This book explores in its underlying theme a comparison of faith and forgiveness to Fear and Aggression.

