Files of the High Council Unabridged
A.D. Terrania/Edenia Series
By Beth Hoyer
Copyright Smashwords 2017

Prologue:
Recorder, otherwise known as Tamyara Palina, wound up recording these memories onto her laptop, as ordered by the High Council.

Begin file: 
A male, Warrior, as named, with tan skin and Human like blue eyes, enters large room, a cave with a book on a stand. An old Highlander male is there wearing a robe of red with all black eyes and a long black hair and also has a staff in hand. Old male opens book in front of the young male shows him, pictures and tells him things. 
Old Highlander spoke “Book mentions twins, male called Winter and female called Summeranne. You must be careful of when causing havoc among the First Ones.” 
He adds “The twins if defeated are followed by a First One female named Keeper who” is actually Kyle’s twin sister, he doesn’t know of that “males before you Warrior have been defeated in battle with.” 
Old Highlander tells “Warrior, you’re to be careful of Keeper.” which Warrior nods his head Human style.
Then leaves at the old Highlander’s order “You’re to leave the room and go do your mission now.” 
He walks to a rock wall and sings some note which opens to reveal a stairway going up. Warrior walks up to see a doorway and enters it, to see a large cafeteria room. First Ones like Keeper are in the room eating food and ignoring him entering. Warrior leaves room to doorway that shows greenery with a fence leading to outside where an ocean like water is moving. Warrior uses Meritanians’ to transports he, by flash of light, to a city where there are bunch of First Ones’ are there. He flashes by appearing in an alleyway with no one watching him. Warrior goes out and with mental telekinesis power, mentally in control, causes vehicles to up turned and fly in the air, smashing into buildings. People are running around like crazy trying to avoid the cars and the destruction he’s causing, by getting windows to break apart glass, flying every where along with items around him flying around, as he walks calmly in the city. Warrior meets twins, Winter and Summeranne, who are Humans with pale white skin, blue eyes and long black hair, wearing police outfits. Twins, he sees, aren’t fooled on who is causing the destruction target him which he uses his power to attack them. Twins, he discovers, are able to block the items and things, he’s mentally throwing at them while they are walking towards him. Warrior gets annoyed, mentally takes twins’ police guns and points the weapons at the twins with a glare on his face. 
He hears a weapon cock sound and hears a female voice, from his right say “Your to do that surrendering or else!” 
He looks to see Keeper, from the description as a female with a Highlander appearance on her face but round Human like ears, at his right with gun pointed at him, feet away. Warrior mentally tries to take gun from her but he can’t. He twists and point’s guns at her attempting to fire them which he discovers won’t fire. Guns in his hands fly out and are grabbed by twins. Warrior is grabbed by Summeranne as Keeper he sees is grabbed by Winter and all disappear in a flash of light. Warrior finds himself in a cave room with a mattress on it alone with Summeranne, who abruptly kisses him on the lips which he jerks from the intense feeling of pleasure arriving in him. He in a trance allows her to strip him of his clothes, as she does the same to her clothes. Next thing, he knows, he’s lying on the mattress with her on top of him and he’s mating with her. During mating he feels a strange feeling and holds up his hands which she grips palms to palms and feels an intense electrical shock feeling of pleasure then they resume mating. Once he is on the verge of achieving victory from the mating Summeranne abruptly puts lips on his lips and he places hands on her chest as she does the same. He feels an intense shocking feeling of pleasure. It makes him spill inside her while whatever makes him shocked. Once done, Warrior is lying there as Summeranne is lying next to him. He hears a groaning sound and looks at Summeranne, who is lying on her back which he sees her abdomen get swollen and sees a baby, picks up to hold a smile comes on his face as he stares at the baby. Warrior gives baby to Summeranne who holds it, as he gets his clothes and puts them on then holds baby as Summeranne puts on her clothes. Summeranne, he sees wraps baby in a blanket. He sees door and leaves with Summeranne besides him, leaving the cave opening the door to hallway which he sees, Winter coming out of a doorway with Keeper holding a blanketed baby in her arms. Warrior groans as a headache comes to his head and hears Keeper groaning loudly which he stares at her with shock. She is staring at him with shock, both with recognition in their faces. Warrior and group go to room where old Highlander is standing back to them. 
Old Highlander turns around and gasps seeing the group which he says “Impossible! This wasn’t supposed to happen!” 
Warrior makes mental power lift the book off the stand which he uses to hit the old Highlander, in the back with who falls to kneel. Warrior and group leave old Highlander, sputtering to himself. Old Highlander after group leaves, gets up to stand and hears a smashing glass sound which he sees on his left in the wall of dark glass, is a fist sticking out of it. He frowns as the fist with draws then glass shatters, showing a figure smashing out which he sees is Hades who is hungry. 
Old Highlander spoke “I protests to Hades on not hurting me!”
Hades storms towards him and drainer feeds off of old Highlander, till old male is weak but left alive. Hades leaves old Highlander, walking out of the room ignoring his pleading for help. Old Highlander with help of stick goes to glass wall, on opposite wall where Hades smashed and uses staff to smash, holes in the wall. He is rewarded when a figure smashes out of the glass. The figure is King Winter without staff that looks at him with a strange glaring look. 
Old Highlander speaks “You should be assassinating Hades!”
King Winter charges at him and drainer feeds him to death killing him. King Winter once finished with feeding, cracks old man’s neck dropping him to the floor and walks out of the room to the hallway to rocky wall. He claps his hands and rock wall opens, showing stairs going up which he walks up reaching cafeteria room and walks out to stand staring at the sea. It’s nighttime. 
He is frowning thinking via mind scanning at the time “I’m confused as to what to do now.”
The sea water rises above his head, separating, and a torch cauldron staff is revealed which float towards him till hand length away. 
King Winter grips the staff and hears words said which is “I am King Winter, ruler of the cold!”  
King Winter feels power of the staff running through him and discovers that his right hand is locked around it. King Winter accepts and uses staff to form globe around him and he flies in the air taking off from the castle, he sees is on an island to the nearest land.    

Old Highlander’s son offspring enters the cave and finds the Highlander father dead. He feels regret on having to dump his father’s body, into the ocean which he does. The son of unknown name wounds up putting on the old Highlander’s red robes and feels an odd feeling of some sense guiding him to somewhere, in the caves’ rooms. He obeys to go to the caves’ vault to find a jewel on a stand placed, there and felt a compulsion to place jewelry orb onto his forehead which he obeys. The son calls himself, Warrior, finds his mind hit with memories into his mind and found his eyes turned golden colored in response to the jewel into his forehead. The son recalled a memory as if compelled, via mind of a male named, Yevgeny Visser, who’s a Human or First One, in spoken Highlander’s terms. He recalled Yevgeny Visser, finding a male with black or night sky clothes, molded to the body with a jacket and a sword thrusting out, from left hand while hissing away. in forest near camp.
The son recalls words spoken “The city of Atlanta, kicked us, out like some sentient mind, controlling it, after my twins’ fast growth spurt makes them, six years old.” 
The son grimaces when getting an image, of a Drainer named Torrin via identification arrives to Yevgeny Visser’s camp in the forests who acts as translator for the golden eyed male, whose clothes are molded to the form. The male having a sword dubbed Jason and First Ones hanging around. The son found a memory of Torrin teaching the First Ones, Jason’s language which Humans start speaking in forgetting English or Basic, the International language. Torrin teaches a young boy child, a cross from between a First One and a Drainer, how to properly feed off people and including licking the bite wound when done. The son doesn’t see anything else memory wise, instead felt a compulsion, to go to the cave’s entrance to sing some note. He obeyed to do that singing, to find red hooded figures, entering the cave, he counting about nine of them, off his fingers of both hands, to his confusion. 
The son protested “I must protest to your intrusion! This is a sanctuary for Highlanders and not for you-‘
The son got interrupted, by one of the figures, removing their hoods, showing a Highlander’s face with the round Human’s ears which he cut himself off. He gave the bare headed Highlander a glare who resumed, covering up the hooded head and walking further into the caves rooms with the others, he following. 
“Warrior” he heard “Is your name?”
The son spoke in response, hearing the voice sounded alien and not Highlander like “Yes, just whom am I speaking to?”
Warrior got an image of ocean water fully into his mind, followed by two night sky like flowering plants, rising out of the water, unfurling their petals, followed by sensing his mind, scanned.
“I’m Walls” He heard a male voice, sounding in his mind, as he heard a female voice, speaking “I’m Kiddy.” 
“We’re Meritanians, mind walking sentient plants that live in the ocean that rises with the sun and sinks down when the sunsets. We can mind scan people and communicate when it’s possible, including manipulating people to do things, we think they should do it.” He heard from both male and female voices. 
Warrior frowned to find a First One male, next to him wearing a night sky jumpsuit molded to the body with facial appearance twin, to the First One’s male, his father dubbed Warrior, as named. 
He gave the male, Warrior, he assumed was him, a glare and snarled “Shouldn’t you be serving us?” 
The male Warrior, spoke sounding alien and not like the First One, servant of his Father “I serve the High Council with undivided loyalties, something, you should be doing.”
Warrior the Highlander spoke “High Council? That’s what you and that group of Highlanders are. Ugh, who are you supposed to be anyway, for a First One serving that group? I know First Ones will never serve the High Council, without giving loyalty problems.”
He gave the First One male with a scarring mark of a knife onto his face, a glare and waited as the male held up his hand and made a wave gesture. Warrior felt annoyance take hold in response, swatting aside the hand, only to find the hand became bony with claws at the end, and eyed the First One, via the face to gasp of shock. He saw instead of a First One’s face, was an alien, cruel, face of golden, glowing, eyes, entirely into the eyeballs and jutting out fanged, teeth, including extended jaw and some armor like look, onto his shoulders. He saw the jumpsuit, stretch, to accommodate the First One’s odd scary bony look. 
Warrior gulped seeing the look, to hear blared into his mind “This is my Berserker side, I can will forwards and will back into me. I can do mental orders with that ability in control but without the Berserker, I’m a normal Human First One with size bigger than normal Humans First Ones’ sizes. Don’t mistake me as harmless again or that the lesson that there are appearances is deceiving.”
Warrior gulped again but refrained from commenting as the First One willed aside his scary bony look, he figured was dubbed Berserker and spoke, verbalized his words “I’m known among the First Ones as Tom Thunder but among the High Council, I’m Mindbender the Assassin Lord-“
He gasped of shock hearing the word “Assassin Lord” as he blurt “You’re the one who’s the Assassin Lords’ leader living on Terrania!”
Warrior got from Mindbender he assumed he’ll refer him, a glare of Human black eyes turning golden colored in response, with eyes narrowed.
He gulped from the eyed look, indicating “Admit something you already know I didn’t know you know of.”
Warrior spoke in response noticing Mindbender folding his arms and appearing to keep his Berserker side away “I’ve heard of an Assassin Lord Group living on Terrania as the world should be called, causing trouble for various humans. Mostly that trouble was making people disappear for high price tags. I didn’t know that the High Council had roped you, the Assassin Lord, and group into service.”
He heard snickering like laughter sounding into his mind, frowned looking around while turning into a circle to get from Mindbender in response “Excuse the laughing noises, but that’s from the Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy playing ‘Sick the clones with a memory of the originals’ joke again, hence their heard making that noise.” 
Warrior frowned and got from Mindbender adding “Shouldn’t you be showing me where your throne room is?”
He groaned softly despite the Meritanians’ snickering like laughter, sounding in his mind, obeyed, to find the High Council seated in throne stone chairs that appeared to be placed there, in a hurry from the looks of it. He recalled that there, were no stone chairs there in the throne room, but only twin chairs involving a King and Queen of the Highlanders.
The court chanted their comment “This is our sanctuary, Humans aren’t welcome here.” over and over. 
He didn’t comment a response to the High Council seated in the throne room, while noticing the King and Queen’s chairs were gone from their spots. They appeared to be moved off the side right where the court was with their chanting. Groaning, he noticed the walls that had glass windows onto them, were appearing to be fixed up and no longer having the glass but having cloth over them. Warrior walked into the room and stood facing the High Council with Mindbender next to him. He stood with a frown eyeing the High Council via their red hooded robes of the sunset and waited for orders. Warrior didn’t say a word, as one of the members of the High Council got up holding a familiar object, he gulped seeing. He recognized the sacred book of life, telling Terrania’s tales, in it in the member’s hand, appearing to be folded shut, instead of permanently open, for looking through. Warrior groaned softly and didn’t protest as the High Council’s member handed him the book, as in actually thrusting it, onto his front, he gripped in a fast speed, move. Warrior gripped the book with a frown and eyed the member back, who without a word went to sit down, among the others.
“I’ll take that.” He heard from Mindbender, referring to the book.
Warrior looked at Mindbender with panic in his eyes, as the male with a golden eyed glare, took the book from him, despite his efforts to cling to it. He found himself easily manipulated to give up the book. Warrior felt regret as Mindbender walked out of the room carrying the book as he focused onto the High Council, awaiting their orders. Warrior frowned as they remained silently standing staring at him which he spoke “Something I should do for you?”
He heard blared into his mind “You’re to speak for us as our speaker towards servants and visitors who is not to know of our mind walking abilities.”
Warrior groaned softly but didn’t protest a remark instead, found a light show followed by Mindbender, appearing to land onto his feet with knees bent hand onto the ground. 
He while frowning eyeing Mindbender, warily to hear in his mind “He appeared via transportation ability that the Meritanians have onto humanoids.”
Warrior without a word focused onto the High Council, to find the group going into some hand waving gestures that appeared to be not sign language, including head waggling to his confusion. He frowned as he eyed Mindbender out of the corners’ of his eyes, to find the male had dropped to one knee and was bowed with head bowed, towards the High Council.
Warrior felt annoyance take hold mentally thought to he “What’s going on with this talk among each other anyway? Plus what did Mindbender do to my father’s sacred book? What’s so special about the High Council?”
He heard in response, as if answering his thoughts “In all good time you’ll find the answers, my son. They’ll be revealed when the time is right.”
Warrior gulped hearing the voice sounded Highlander’s like, via tones like he mentally broadcasted his thoughts, out loud to his shock. He kept on gulping and didn’t think of a comment instead, waited for the High Council to give their orders.
He heard in his mind “Meritanians transport Warrior as he calls himself back to his room have him stay there, till called to serve us again.”
Warrior blinked his eyes to find the scene changed like an eye blink and found himself in his room, in his quarters’ cave, with his father’s things inside. Groaning, he spotted the King’s chair, inside along with a wrapped object sitting on the seat. He frowned and with senses blaring, abruptly, but confused went to the wrapped object to pick up. The object felt familiar to him, like he knew what it was as he unwrap the blanket off of it, to gasp of shock finding his Father’s sacred book, in it. He gulped seeing the book looked different from his father’s original sacred book, instead appeared to be a better made copy to him. Warrior without a word went to sit down on his bed ignoring the King’s chair, he realized was a trap for a non King member to be poisoned. He ignored the chair and sat down onto his bed, only to feel the thing collapsed underneath his sitting weight falling to the floor. Warrior heard snickering like laughter sounding in his mind to his annoyance. He grunted and got up carrying the book and without a word forced, he to sit into the King’s chair, finding the trap remained off to his relief. He opened the book and thumbed through several pages to find the sacred book of his father’s was copied, pretty well, into some material that was foreign to him. He frowned as he began to read the book, finding one story into there, involving a male, as named, Barry, to his confusion. Warrior read the book, discovering he was Barry, as he got memories of that male fully into his mind, via mind scans of Meritanians, doing it to him. 
He found a part in the book saying “The High Council demanding Meritanians to tell them what was going on within Terrania.” 
“Nope I’m not saying more.” says Walls when ordered by the High Council yelling at him “You’re telling us more as ordered!”
Walls wound up snickering in response, including sounding familiar to Mindbender to speak loudly, in their presence “They found an All Seeing One First One who’ll see for you by their noises.”
The High Council realizes with a start that Mindbender is correct by the laughter sounding twin to a planetary world’s Meritanian when indicating on finding an All Seeing One First One. Mostly the Meritanians leaving the group, to contact this All Seeing One First One to serve without undivided loyalties….

Barry found a hand, slammed over the book shutting it closed, once he reached the last page. He found the hand’s owner was Mindbender giving him a glare with eyes golden minus his Berserker’s side not in control. Barry found Mindbender without a word picking up the book from his lap and disappearing into a light show. He grunted an annoyed sound to see within his mind, an image of Mindbender putting the book into a small cave like safe with door of metal and shut it closed. He focused onto Mindbender to find the male was transported to the High Council via throne room, appearing to look like a cave with a pool of water nearby. Barry heard snickering laughter sounding into his mind of Meritanians’ laughter, including his familiar joke sense going off again. Groaning he opened his eyes and forced he, to stand looking around the cave lost in thought.
Barry mentally spoke in response “Blast! I read that book in hopes of the High Council roping me into servitude, as their All Seeing One and joke detector of the Meritanians!”
He heard in his mind in response “Shouldn’t you be giving the High Council words of loyalty?”
Barry found Mindbender back into the cave, standing in the doorway with the Berserker in control who waved a clawed hand towards him, into some uncurling fist move curling back and forth.
He recognized the curling as Mindbender’s hand sign for “Come with me.”
Barry spoke in response “What does the High Council offer me in return of servitude?”
He eyed Mindbender with a golden eyed glare realizing his eyes could change color as the male spoke voice into his mind “You know that answer to that question, Barry. You always know the answer and always ask that ridiculous question as always whenever roped into servitude of the High Council. It doesn’t matter where’s you’ve been planetary world or not for you always, ask that damn question.”
Barry found Mindbender’s words were true, fully in mind, via memories of former cloned Barry, as Meritanians, were sensed mind scanning him.
He groaned softly and spoke “I expect the same thing as always when I expect to serve the High Council.”
Barry got silence from Mindbender but the male still making his come gesture. Barry walked up towards Mindbender who held up his hand, into some Human hand’s shake gesture to take the male’s hand into his hand’s grip. He found himself transported out of the cave to another cave area, while smelling salt air of the ocean more fully. Barry wound up finding himself in the presence of the High Council, seated on stone chairs wearing their red hooded robes as he found himself still facing Mindbender.
Mindbender, himself, willed aside the Berserker and shook his hand Human style to Human style, while speaking “Welcome to the High Council. I’m the Assassin Lord dubbed Mindbender, serving the High Council, with undivided loyalties. So something you want to say to the group, hmm?”
Barry found Mindbender without a word turning around, to get onto one knee with head bowed and hand onto the ground as in homage, towards the High Council.
Barry sighed and spoke loudly in a firm voice tone “You have my loyalty High Council.”
He found Mindbender getting up as he heard Meritanians’ snickering like laughter into his mind including his joke sense going off, to speak “The Meritanians are telling a joke again from the sounds of them.”
Barry got a teeth baring grin from Mindbender in response who spoke “On the behalf of the High Council welcome All Seeing One, known as Barry.”
Barry sighed and didn’t comment a response to Mindbender’s words instead thought to himself, while sensing the Meritanians mind scanning him, in the middle of telling jokes “It’s destiny that I serve the High Council, no matter how I get myself away, from that group. I guess I better accept that fact and hope for the best.”
Barry heard nothing in response from the High Council to his thoughts, instead focused onto the group waiting for their latest orders with sadness hitting him.
High Council via orders to, Mindbender “Your to help us acquire an assassin of water who can swim in the water and breathe it.”
Mindbender overheard spoke “Yes, I will do that order.”
Recorder at the time was a video recording of the High Council, who suspects once they cut the videos that they were broadcasting elsewhere. High Council hasn’t bothered to figure that out, instead waited to acquire a clone of Lancelot’s female, to type their orders via recorded onto laptop. Lancelot’s female turned out to be cloned, despite original put down in a hiding spot, by the Lancelets doing it, to spite the High Council. The High Council managed to acquire enough samples to form, this cloned copy recorder, as known otherwise known, as Tamyara Palina, publicity, mate friend of assassin of water, Triton, as he’s called, otherwise known as Pavel Pave Palin. File recorded on Triton, as named, an assassin minion, of the Assassin Lord, otherwise is known publicity as Pavel Palin, as dubbed Pave. Pave was observed to be a member of the Aquarian water species of Human with gills, off the sides of his chest, sat in the chair, inside of the flying airplane, lost in thought. He was in an airplane, belonged to the island nation of Lancelot Nation’s islands nations of Brittany. The plane was on the way to the one of the island’s national, capital city National City, for medical care. He adjusted the glasses on his pale, peaceful, cloud, colored face, with a frown using a webbed Human, like hand, and fluffed strands of his long, blonde, colored hair, despite later having surgery, to fix his fussy eyesight which he won’t need glasses. 
Pave via admittance said “I wondered to myself despite feeling my mind scanned, I didn’t realize that till later. 
I was thinking this question ‘What will happen now?’”
He appeared to ignore his mind being scanned, by a Meritanian plant in the vicinity aboard the plane. He was in an airplane belonged to the island nation of Lancelot Nation’s, one of their isles, on the way, to the one of the islands’ national capital city, National City for medical care. The Aquarians were always blonde, with gills off their sides of the chests for breathing underwater, including blue eyes and webby like hands. It didn’t matter if they were male or female, for the look is always the same. Not sure where the Aquarians originated but appeared to be Oceana, before Edenia left the planet to become Terrania as known now. He frowned looking around the interiors of the airplane to see the passengers sitting in chairs some were looking at him, out of the corners of their eyes. There were some brave enough to look at him in the face. Their looks in their faces were of disbelief and some were of shock. Triton sat in the chair and looked behind him. He could see his, declared, female, mate, Tamyara Chennikova, otherwise later known as Tamyara Palina, the Recorder herself, of the Highlander, mind walking, Human species, marked by their small, eyes, despite multiple colored hair and eye colors but always mind walkers. She lay on a hospital bed, behind him with needles attached to her arms. Her dark sky colored hair lay spread, around her dirty, watered, Human, like face as her ears peeked out of her hair. There were tubes attached to the needles that led to packets of clear liquids. Triton frowned staring at her, sleeping form, lying on the bed, covered in a blanket with ranges of emotions on his face. His last emotion was seen as a grimace of disgust. It was recalled Tamyara, was an athlete competing in the Terrania Unity Games for Lancelot Nation, in the Kenibians’ an island home, formerly of Northern Africa continent in Human’s Earth history. The island home was used to be referred by the Humans as Northern Africa and Middle East. It’s mostly a desert country full of desert sands and hardly anything living there but the Kenibians. The Kenibians were seen as some humans that were versions of cats, with clawed hands and purring vibrations, felt via their throats when they were happy. Their eyes were also cat like colors of green, creeping people out when they stared at people intensively. It’s recalled the Kenibians were contacted by a mysterious group, unknown to their name that taught them how to live off land and built their cities. Group turned out to be the High Council’s minions trying to gain favor with the Kenibians, by teaching them, various things of survival, in response, to wanting a piece of their island nation as their home. The teaching included, such as building, their city of Abydos, as referred to that sand stoned city in Kenibia’s state of Egypt, by the Humans as called. Egypt was Egyptia, as referred by the Highlanders and seemed to be sacred ground for religious purposes for the mind walking species themselves. Egyptia is actually the home of the High Council’s base living in Terrania in caves underwater.  There’s historical recalling that Abydos’ pharaoh ruler built an inner stadium for gymnastics and other events, involving the Terrania Unity Games, in the desert land state, of Lydia, known by Humans as Libya. Lydia is also known as Liberation, by the Highlanders who insisted on that name, the ruler kept out of obligation. 
Liberation is the area where the Highlanders achieved domination, onto the Kenibians despite they overheard thinking “Oceana’s Emperor is the leader of the Highlanders and not the High Council.” 
The stadiums were built as a result, after hard years of labor, via the purebred Humans who were slaves, were still considered slaves in Terrania for full blood humans who weren’t a part of animalistic traits, involving mind walking or gills off the sides of their chests for water breathing. The Humans without protest built the stadiums with help of the Kenibians, doing that job, assisting them, despite the High Council tried to make Humans being the primary job care. Kenibians to this day, still are balking on these Humans as slaves without any help doing jobs attitude. Kenibians currently depend too much onto Humans, for competing into athlete events, in the Terrania Unity Games to win gold medals than any other species in Terrania competing. The equipment for the athletes arrived from other nations expressing interests in competing in Kenibia. The Kenibians declared their island name, United States of America, to the visitors but referred the nation, as USA. They have historically balked saying why they picked that name of USA, or the United States of America.
Instead they said “That name is a reminder of something bad that happened and needs to be remembered.” 
The cats, Kenibians refused to explain, what had happened to call their nation that name. They had always changed the subject as a result which the High Council always felt annoyance recalling that memory, fully something share with Triton, who like the group felt annoyance recalling that. 
Triton via memory said “I recalled that Tamyara was doing some acrobatic, judged event called gymnastics, on one event called the floor exercise, tumbling when she crashed a passing tumbling to be lying, on the mat.” 
Pave was sitting in the stands of the arena with Emperor Pavel Palin of Oceana, as the Highlanders’ referred the island nation of Australia, in Humans’ terms including nearby island nations bordering Australia, underneath the ruler of Oceana. 
Pavel Palin was Emperor of Oceana, ruler of the Highlanders, as assumed despite Kenibians heard saying “He’s not the ruler of the Highlanders!”
Triton via mind scans of the Meritanian plant was sitting in the stands of the arena with Emperor Pavel Palin of Oceana. 
Kenibians have accurately said “The ruler of the Highlanders is the High Council!”
Not so sure why Kenibians is has been saying that accurately, despite the High Council trying to hide their leadership of Highlanders from Terranian natives. 
Triton said “I remembered being with my father, watching the scene.”
Triton got up and started walking down the stairs like in a trance of a jerking move, with hands in front of him, glasses off his face, with his two of Oceana’s guards called Kaddar following him. The Terrania Unity Games’ declared official doctor, Robb Marina was quick to reach Tamyara Chennikova, along with other medics of his antennas’, like heads and black, beady, eyes, species, dubbed Monarchs, for being medics, arrived. They took her off the floor exercise podium on a stretcher and Robb took off running, straight, towards Pave, himself. It’s recalled that Robb waved a scanner over Triton himself, and shook his head, staring at people behind him. Robb was seen glancing at Emperor Palin who appeared to form a look of disgust, onto his face, like the pairing method was faked to the Emperor’s disgust. It was faked actually by a Compeller, ordering Triton to go to Tamyara, who was kept awake to do that hands’ touch method. Triton or Pave, appeared to obey that compelling order, appeared, to only have eyes for Tamyara, who lay on the stretcher being escorted towards him.  Triton in a trance took her hands and she looked at him gripping them before she went unconscious. It was remembering that was the way pairs were declared in Terrania, despite people falling in liking way with others. 
The High Council was historically, told by Humans, who survived the great death, of Edenia’s leaving orbiting Terrania “This hands’ touch is how pairs were picked by hands, touching each other and then declared mates. This hands’ touch was involving the pairs were like destined to be mates as the planetary world had picked them to do it.” 
Triton had put his glasses on and turned around to stare at the Emperor, his father, with long cloud colored hair that folded his arms and had an angry look on his face.
It’s recalled his father appeared to say via facial appearance “You disgust me!”
“You’re no longer my son.” Triton via admittance said he heard, from his Father. 
With that look the Emperor walked away from him and left the arena with his guards following him, the guards stopped escorting him and ignored him, following the Emperor leaving him alone with Tamyara. 
Robb had told Pave with himself, listening “Tamyara needed some surgery which only Lancelot Nation could provide they needed to take her to there immediately.” 
It’s remembered Triton telling Robb “Take her then.” 
Robb told him “You’ll have to accompany Tamyara as her mate to help her come through the surgery.” 
Pave was escorted out of the stadium, towards a waiting vehicle that wailed its sirens like noises while flashing lights. Lucky for the two of them, there was an airplane waiting to take off, Tamyara and himself, were escorted into it. The plane took off, flying in the air towards Lancelot Nation’s island of Ireland, as referred by the Humans, but official name was Brittany, for both Ireland and Great Britain, as Human’s names. Pave shook his long blonde colored headed hair of the memory, frowning and adjusted his position to stare at the seat in front of him. He spied a magazine with his ocean, colored, Human, eyes, through the seeing glasses, on his face, along with items in the back of the seat in front of him and pulled it out. He saw the cover which had Tamyara, in a pose facing the camera wearing her leotard, tight clothing molded to the body for her to do her acrobats in gymnastics. He recognized that she was posing, on an apparatus event, called the balance beam with her face, seen facing the camera with a concentration look. 
There was the headline which Pave read to himself, in the language dubbed Americanian, unsure of how the language got the name “National Hero, Tamyara Chennikova, in her third Games!” 
Triton was seen shaking his long blonde colored headed hair frowning and adjusted his position to stare at the seat in front of him. 

Tamyara Chennikova was declared a national hero, for winning gold medals in major competitions, involving gymnastics, related sporting events, for the nation of Lancelot Nation. 
This gold medal status attracted the eyes of the High Council who tried to get her into servitude, they ordering her “Your to serve us!” but she refused repeatedly by claiming “This is against my beliefs.” 
High Council managed to rope Emperor Pavel Palin, to give Tamyara a water bottle with poison in it, to make her pay for her refusal and believing into the annoyance god, Lance Richard. Hence Tamyara’s crashing onto the floor exercise after poison took effect. Triton wound up recalling him, thinking of the title of national hero and opened the magazine and skimmed the contents barely reading the words. 
“The language was not readable for me to read.” via admittance despite the High Council saying “The language is Human influenced, to believe in left to right, reading instead of up and down, starting at the right side and going down like we believe.”
Triton wound up stared at the pictures of Tamyara displayed in the magazine frowning, despite unable to understand the wording of the language’s uses in it. Exhaling air, he leaned his head back and fell asleep as observed by spies of the High Council. 
 “I heard ‘Nighty night Smarty!’ said into my mind, followed by sleepiness with memories of the events of the day flashing into my mind.” As said by Triton later.

The airplane landed in Lancelot Nation’s city of National City. Pave came through a narrow hallway, following an unconscious Tamyara on a stretcher, pushed by a medic. They reached the end of the hallway, to see white lights of flashbulbs from cameras and voices talking, a mile a minute at the end. At the end, was another large hallway where a crowd of people, stood held back by the city’s police, in their tan uniforms. Triton was seen flinched from the white lights, his eyes only on Tamyara, as the police escorted them, through the crowds of people, through the large hallway of the airport terminal and reached outside, to see a waiting vehicle with lights and sirens blasting. The vehicle took them to the hospital. Once reaching the hospital, Tamyara was taken away leaving Pave to sit in a chair in the hallway. Pave was recorded sat in a chair sitting with a frown look on his face, outside the hallway doors that led another part of the hospital, where he assumed was Tamyara, being operated on. He sat still wearing his royal Oceanan clothes which were earth colored pants, a stormy ocean colored jacket, with the Oceanan, seal of a trident on the left side with a cloud colored shirt underneath. The doctor came out in scrubs to stand at his side. Pave, lost in thought, heard a throat clearing like sound and looked at the doctor standing at his side. 
The doctor spoke in Basic, the international language “Americanian yes? Basic’s bad.”
Basic bad for Lancelot Nation natives, was on purpose to make them servitude to the High Council in learning Basic, as in taught in school. The national language of Lancelot Nation is called Americanian despite there rumors of a nation called Americania before Edenia left orbit. High Council is still trying to find out about this subject.
Pave replied in Americanian “Americanian, yes, I speak it and is fluent.” 
The doctor spoke “I’m Doctor Leif Jensen. Tamyara has a problem with her back which went undetected till now. The surgery was to help restore function but not successful with her legs and feet.”
The Doctor paused as Pave stared at him, with a confused expression and continued talking “I’m sorry but Tamyara has lost her walking ability and is now wheelchair bound.” 
Pave who put a hand on his face moaning out as the doctor stared at him “First Palin, now this?”
Pave groaned as Jensen spoke “I’m sorry about this but Tamyara will be told once she’s awake from the surgery.” 
Pave stood up and began to pace walking back and forth as the doctor stared, at him with a glare of accusation, seen on the male’s face despite Triton looking innocent. 
He asked Jensen “Can I see her?” 
Jensen replied “Once we have her in a room. A nurse will arrive to take you there. I’m needed elsewhere.” 
The doctor left Pave and entered a set of doors. The doors slammed banging behind him. Triton was seen kept his pacing, stood in front of the chair and gave it a kick with his foot. He grabbed the chair in anger and threw it across the hallway which bounced off the wall with a banging sound. 
Pave yelled in Americanian “To the depths!”
He kept pacing while looking at the double doors to the hallway with anger on his face. It wasn’t known how long he was pacing, when the doors to the hallway, opened as a nurse, as assumed, was the female, wearing a blue shapeless dress, came out with a frown look on her face. Nurse was clad in Lancelot’s clothes of shapeless blue.  Pave was seen gave her, a glare as seen and noticed her grimace, in response to his glare. 
She spoke in Americanian “You’re Pavel Palin?”
Pave stood and glared at her and curtly replied in the same language “I’m Pavel Palin referred as Pave.” 
The nurse spoke “Follow me.”
He followed the nurse while glaring at her back, towards an elevator which took them up several floors and they reached a large hallway room surrounded by doors. Pave heard screaming, coming from one of the doors and recognized, the voice via admittance. 
He ran towards one of the doors where the screaming was from, to see Tamyara wearing a hospital gown while sitting up on the bed with her face, in a grimace shaking her head.
Tamyara was heard, screaming out “No, no, no!”
The doctor, Jensen was there trying to calm her down with his hands on her arms as she shook, by calmly speaking “I’m sorry, Tamyara.” 
Tamyara’s response was to scream out “You’re sorry?! You’re not sorry!”
Pave ran in the room to stand at her side at the bed. 
Tamyara seeing him grabbed his jacket, pulling him closer to her and yelled in his face “It’s your entire fault, Pave!”
Pave could only stare at her with speechless shock as the doctor grabbed his arm and pulled him out of the room. 
The nurse closed the door behind them as Jensen spoke “It’s not your fault, Pave. She’s having a reaction to her medical condition which is normal.” 
Pave groaned and went to the chair next to the door and hyper vented air, breathing hard. He sat in the chair leaning forwards with his head between his knees, his breaths becoming gasps as he choked trying to breathe air. 
He barely heard the doctor yell “An aqua tank now!” 
“I sat in the chair as I sensed darkness coming clouding my eyesight and yanked my glasses off for them, to settle onto chest attached to a chain. I felt something put over the lower half of my face, wrapped around my head and waved my arms as liquid arrived through the mask.
 I heard a voice speak via compelling voiced tone ‘Breathe Pave, breathe!’
I obeyed breathing the liquid, through my nose and mouth together at the same time. With a groan, I sensed the darkness clouding my eyesight fade. I was staring clearly at Jensen who was staring back at me with an assumed, upset look on his face, I later learned was of accusation.  
Pave breathe looking at Jensen who spoke “You were having an oxygen attack, occasionally happens to your species, normally hits when under extreme stress.”
Pave nodded his head, getting the message and concentrated on breathing the liquid. 
“The voice sounded like a compeller’s voice, tone, ordering Triton to breathe, the liquid in the aqua tank but it sounded male terms. It was noted that the recorders, recording the scene, went black, followed by picking up the compeller’s voice tone ordering Triton to breathe, then the cameras resumed function, showing only Doctor Jensen there with the familiar female nurse, accompanied him. It’s suspected that the nurse is a compeller, despite it unsure if Monarchs have compelling abilities. Only Humans, some purebred, can compel people to do things via voice orders. Triton was observed, appearing via recorders, to obey the compeller’s order, breathing the liquid, through his nose and mouth, together at the same time.” 
“With a groan, my fainting feeling as if sensed the darkness clouding my eyes sight, fade.” Said Triton, later
Triton was staring clearly at Jensen, who was staring back at him with a glaring expression that he said later “Reminded me of, confess your crime. Ugh.”
The doctor left Pave and entered a set of doors with nervousness seen from the male. 
“Recorders caught the doctor appearing to make a hand gesture, onto the chest, twin to the gesture that Lancelot Nation natives used, when saluting their flag in gold medal ceremonies, of the flag, raised with music.” 

Triton recalled, later told of Tamyara’s reaction of herself, alone in bed after she gave up her denials, involving loss of walking ability. 
Triton was told by the High Council’s minion, Recorder “She appeared to form a frown with a lost in thought expression on her face seen via recorders. Tamyara appeared to acknowledge, she heard the door to the small room open.
Tamyara was seen looking to see Triton, wearing some mask attached to his lower face, came in the room with the doctor Jensen, who was speaking ‘Here, sit on the bed and try to relax, Pave.’
She was sensed to be angry, enough, to give another hissing fit, as she watched as Jensen set the other bed for Pave to sit up on it. The nurse followed them with a big box on a cart that had a tube attached to the mask on Triton’s face. Tamyara was seen quiet while she sat with arms folded glaring at the doctor as Triton sat in a sitting position, bow his head down, breathing the liquid through the mask. Triton was seen sucking the liquid in and out and looked at Tamyara, as seen via recorders.”
 
Triton via admittance, by the High Council, watching the recording of that scene spoke “Tamyara mind walked my mind telepathically and heard my thoughts say ‘I’m sorry, Tamyara.’” 
Then Triton was seen looked down still, breathing the liquid. Tamyara was heard by Triton on admittance groaned some sound and recordings showed her leaning back in bed lost, in thought. She was seen looked at her mate and appeared to have sensed Triton had fallen asleep then went to close her eyes letting sleep over come her. 
Triton spoke “I recall I fell asleep despite hearing a familiar commentary sounding, in my mind ‘Nighty night Smarty!’” 
Triton, later learned, belonged to a Meritanian saying that saying.

Pave recalls he fell asleep despite hearing a familiar commentary sounding in his mind “Nighty night Smarty!” he later learned belonged to a Meritanian saying that. 
Pave said “I’m unsure of what Meritanian was saying that saying to me despite the voice, I claimed sounded male to me.”  

Pave, recalled a plant of a Meritanian, nearby in Tamyara’s room. A Meritanian via was sensed within the vicinity of Tamyara who was sleeping with mind scanned. Pave heard the talking conversation between the sisters, including the wording from the sisters’ parents despite pretending to be asleep.
He heard Tanalla asked “How is life with Pavel Palin?”
They were detected both looked at him, sitting on a bed, next to hers with his head down, without the mask on. He appeared to be asleep despite his head shaking his long wavy hair. Tamyara’s response wasn’t heard. 
Tanalla spoke “I heard that his father was seen going around the events with an angry look on his face and he was acting upset. His guard, Tikcanni was seen trying to calm him down.” 
Pave heard steps in the room to assume that the parents, both of the Aquarian species, despite birthing twin Highlanders. Their mother, Raina Chennikova, and their father, Mariano Chennikov, came in the room. 
Tamyara spoke using her voice speaking in Oceanan, the Aquarian’s language “Mama, Papa, I’m ok.”
Raina spoke in Oceanan “I know.”
Mariano spoke “The doctor tells me you won’t be able to walk again.” 
Tanalla spoke using her voice speaking in Oceanan “Mama, Papa, sister should have a normal life would she?”
Mariano replied “That remains to be seen.” 
Pave recalled hearing silence after that including a Meritanian’s voice saying “Nighty night Smarty!”
He wound up passing out unconscious.

It’s unsure of what Meritanian was saying that saying to Triton “I claimed the voice sounded male to me.” 
Lancelot Nation is out of mind scans of Walls and Kiddy, the two Meritanians, living in the ocean, off Oceana’s island of New Zealand, as referred, by the Humans. The island is referred as Meritania, for being in vicinity of protecting the Meritanians, from the harsh unforgiving seas involving storms. The mysterious Meritanian speaking that wording was assumed to be a piece of Tank that survived the transfer of Walls and Kiddy, taking the places of Merra and Tank, them in another planet dubbed Shadan. Unsure of what happened to Shadan at the moment. 

Pave was later told, “Doctor Jensen was observed via presses to arrive to the Press room which housed the press who were sitting in the room watching and waiting for him to arrive. Flashbulbs of cameras went off as Jensen went to the stage and went to the microphone as the crowd of people, went silent expecting him to speak. 
Jensen spoke to the press “I’m Doctor Leif Jensen, her surgeon. Tamyara Chennikova is doing well from her surgery. She had a medical condition related to her back which went undetected till now. The surgery was to help repair function but not to her legs and feet. I must regret to inform you that as a result Tamyara have lost her ability to walk and is wheelchair bound. ” 
Jensen paused as the crowd heard, paused, to hear gasps and murmurs among the people in the room who looked at each other. The doctor appeared to suffer from a headache of his mind, scanned by hand, rubbing his forehead and appearing to be eyeing a black plant on the stage with anger sensed. The doctor appeared to be not listening to that conversation instead, appeared to suffer from a headache of his mind scanned, by hand rubbing his forehead and appearing to be eyeing a black plant on the stage with anger sensed. Black plant is twin to a Meritanian, but unsure of whom that plant is, either Merra or Tank. Not sure.  
One of the press people yelled out overheard, loudly “Could her athlete status be the cause of her medical condition?!”
Jensen was quick to reply “No, the athlete status made it easier for Tamyara to live this long with the medical condition.”  
Another yelled out “Is her family being notified?!”
Jensen replied “Her family, I’m told, is on their way here from Kenibia. They’ll be told of Tamyara’s medical condition, thank you no further questions.” 
Saying those words, Jensen walked from the room and stood in the hallway appearing to look like he was shaken emotionally, via the recorders recording his move from above him. 
Jensen was seen leaned against the wall with a frown and then straightened up, to walk away overheard, speaking out loud “You have much to learn.”
Some of those people of the presses were overheard saying “What about poisoned? I’m surprised that doctor isn’t mentioning a poisoned status? It’s common for Oceanans to poison people, they don’t like with the Emperor’s reaction to his son’s pairing towards Tamyara, seem like he didn’t like her. What’s going on with this?” 
That talking wording wasn’t explained as a result despite Jensen later disappeared, soon after Tamyara’s disappearance, or death in Human terms. Jensen’s disappearance isn’t death in Human terms it involves him going missing and never seen again, soon after Tamyara’s death. 
Still trying to find out what happened to Jensen despite doctors and nurses at the hospital claiming to questioners asking about Jensen “What happened to Jensen?” their answers as always, “Jensen’s gone to be with the Master.”
Unsure of who’s the Master is, despite Lance Richard’s annoying influences found within Lancelot Nation. Lance Richard is an annoyance god, by the High Council including the religious fanatics referring him, as All Seeing One God. 

A Meritanian was sensed within the vicinity of Tamyara who was sleeping with mind scanned. Her mind scanned by a piece of Walls in plant form, in the room, was she snoozed dreaming of her life as an athlete. In the dream she could walk and do acrobats. She dreamed of her floor exercise routine on Kenibia finishing the routine to receive a perfect score of a twenty. Unsure of the numbering, but that’s what the gymnastics routines are rated from zero to perfect scores of twenties. She woke up when abruptly she felt a familiar mind and opened her eyes to stare at her twin sister, Tanalla Chennikova, a Highlander like herself, who stood by her bed staring at her. Their parents as sensed were in the hallway chatting with the doctor. 
Tamyara sat up with her sister’s help and mentally spoke via her mind to Tanalla’s mind with Walls via plant form, eavesdropping “Hi Tan, what happened?”
Her sister’s response was to put a shiny metal object with cloth attached to it over Tamyara’s neck identified as the gold medal natives athletes of the Terrania Unity Games seeks, to achieve to win. 
Tanalla spoke voice speaking in Tamyara’s mind “Tam, after you were taken, we were in second place in the teams. Then we competed in the last two events and managed to do well enough to place first.”
Tanalla appeared to pause noticing the shocked look on Tamyara’s face whose hand picked at the gold medal around her neck in some annoying method of caring. 
Tanalla continued “We won the team title over Oceana and the Kenibians placed third.”
Tamyara mentally asked in a voice in Tanalla’s mind “Oh, how are coach and the team doing?”
Tanalla answered “The team is a little shaken but doing ok enough to do their best in the individual finals. The coach as usual is still a little mad and not happy with what’s going on.” 
Both sisters frown in silence Tamyara saying “Blast, I hope the coach doesn’t throw a hissing fit in response to me out of competition.”
Tanalla was saying “Coach is fine, for she’s got others to take your place that’ll do the job willingly.” then Tanalla asked verbalized omitting Tamyara’s response “How is life with Pavel Palin?”
They were seen both looked at Triton sitting on a bed next to hers with his head down without the mask on. Somewhere during his sleep, his oxygen attack got stabilized, and his mask wound up removed, but he kept the sleeping in sitting up position despite appearing to be asleep when he wasn’t.
Triton via admittance said “I wasn’t really asleep despite I appeared to be asleep with my head shaking. I was saying in a Human’s gesture of no. I never heard Tamyara’s response to that question after that.” 
Tamyara hoping to spare Triton’s feelings wound up mentally replied “I don’t know I have no idea yet.” 
Tanalla spoke using her voice “I heard that his father was seen going around the events with an angry look on his face and he was acting upset. His guard, Tikcanni was seen trying to calm him down.” 
Triton heard steps in the room which recorders saw the parents of the Chennikova sisters, both of the Aquarian species. That despite birthing twin Highlanders births common among natives to have other species despite some cases of multiple babies carrying. Their mother, Raina Chennikova and their father, Mariano Chennikov, came in the room both with worry on their faces.

The Humans’ terms for females to have an, ah sound after the end of first and last name was adopted by the Oceanans and the male’s terms to not have an, ah sound after their first name or last name was adopted. 
 
Tamyara spoke using her voice speaking in Oceanan, the Aquarian’s language. “It’s commonly referred as Tagalong, said to a dialect of an indigenous tribal language of an island, in the ocean that was adopted by the Emperor, after he became Oceana’s ruler and insisted onto that languages uses.”
She said via recorders and Triton eavesdropping “Mama, Papa, I’m ok.”
Raina was seen frowned staring at Triton asleep in the bed next to her daughter as she spoken in Oceanan “I know.”
Mariano spoke “The doctor tells me you won’t be able to walk again.” 
Tanalla spoke using her voice speaking in Oceanan “Mama, Papa, sister should have a normal life would she?”
Mariano replied “That remains to be seen.” 
Raina appeared to be frowning visibility as Mariano gave Triton a glare of accusation via expression while staring at the male still asleep on the bed next to Tamyara’s bed. The group lasted in silence from the memories of Walls, observing the scene including the recorders.  

Tamyara was let go, out of the hospital soon after that including Triton following her, to an apartment on a ground floor in National City. Walls via plant form weren’t able to follow to see what happened next. 
Jensen was detected yanking the small plant and detected mind scanned, appearing to think “I’m to want to toss that plant into the dumpster.” despite thinking “Plants making my allergies acting up.”
Allergies are assumed is what Jensen was thinking, involving his headaches. He was compelled to give the plant to Tamyara’s parents who took Walls home to Oceana instead of to Tamyara’s residence. 
The parents were mind scanned in the process thinking “A piece of Meritanian is welcome into our home.”
They seemed happy saying that commentary when they took that plant home to their residence in Oceana’s, underwater city of Sydney. 

Tamyara was kicked out of the hospital soon after that including Pave, following her to an apartment on a ground floor in National City. 
Pave once he was home, admits “I didn’t do anything but sitting on the couch ignoring my body’s functions like I didn’t have a purposes. It was Tamyara who broke that mindless mood of mind by commenting something to my mind. 
I didn’t comment hearing Tamyara’s mental voice in my mind of the memory of not having a purpose to live ‘You should be getting a job, Pave!’”
Pave frowned to eye Tamyara wheeling her wheelchair towards him, sitting on the couch. She was felt thumped a fist onto his thigh, he grimacing from the pain.
Tamyara added “Why don’t you teach that language Basic to whoever cares to learn it? We of Lancelot Nation can’t automatically get that language from thinking in Americanian language. Hence we need someone to teach it. Since you’re fluent in Basic and Americanian, why don’t you teach it?”
Pave groaned hearing Tamyara’s words obeyed to get up from the couch after awhile of sitting there, staring at the walls not sleeping. He found Tamyara managed to wheel herself after him, in their two bedroom apartment on the ground floor of the Lancelot Nation’s disabilities’ building.
It dubbed “Disability Building” to his annoyance. 
He sighed and figured to himself “At least I’ll have a purpose to do than sitting mindless.”
Pave recalled “I wound up after some research with Tamyara’s help, onto a computer at a library, got a job at the National City’s high school, as a teacher of the Basic language, while wearing my Oceanan uniform instead of a regular suit of clothes. Students give me a hard time the first day by refusing to listen to me, teaching or accepting my authority. I took out my frustrations on Tamyara by forcing her to mate with me.” 
Pave recalled that Tamyara lay asleep in the bed, in the bedroom shared with him. She appeared to have sensed him in the room angrily, while he was giving off hissing noises. 
The hissing noises were Americanian words translated to be “Ay Kabaiya!” 
Pave spoke “To this day don’t know why’s I was saying that wording but it appeared to be compulsion to saying.” 
Tamyara was seen, opened her eyes and stared at him standing at the foot of the bed, yanking off his clothes, advancing towards her with an angry look on his face, hissing away. She was felt scanned his mind as he reached her, yanking off the blanket. Tamyara was heard giving off a noise as if knowing his intents as she kept her eyes on him as he mated with her. Pave found that Tamyara was a virgin, with twin Human’s barriers inside her which he ignored and thrust into her all the way into the hilt. Tamyara was heard by Pave giving off a hiss, sounding of disapproval to him, when he did that thrusting breaking her barrier and getting fully inside her. He did additional thrusting followed by spilling himself inside her like a normal Human sexually. Pave wound up finding his angry mood, gone from him when he did the mating. 
He pulled out and got Tamyara snarling into his mind “Get me to the hospital for the babies now!” 
Pave had a moment of panic but recalled the mating created babies including Highlanders, blessed with carryings of three days or suns, while normalized Humans did nine lunar months. The nine lunar months of carrying, took over, onto Highlanders later, despite efforts to recreate, the three suns of carrying. Somehow, Pave managed to get dressed into his clothes in his Oceanan suit and got Tamyara dressed into her jumpsuit, into her wheelchair. He was seen wheeling her, fast through the apartment’s hallway out, into the city as the Guardian sounded its siren, involving a cold storm. Pave and Tamyara were seen disappearing into a light show and found tracked to the local hospital’s waiting room. The Guardian sounded its warning siren for snow storm’s arrival. Once in the hospital as tracked via recorders, the nurses clad in blue twin dresses arrived and took Tamyara to a room and laid her onto the bed taking off her clothes, followed by putting on an oxygen mask over her face and then left the room. Pave was seen for four suns pacing in the room as Tamyara produced the offsprings via abdomen growing swollen, followed by twin babies, pushed out both, appearing to be Akylahs, despite its not sure if their males or females. Pave stood appearing to be shocked, while out of his suit wearing a hospital gown in the hospital staring at Tamyara lying on the bed with an oxygen mask on her face, a blanket on her form and her eyes were closed. He moved his head to stare at the contents of a crib, next to the bed where two babies lay inside. The babies, his offsprings, both of the Akylah race, he saw lay asleep had feathered heads and with clawed hands, they moved jerking out of the blankets wrapped around their forms. He frowned staring at his them and heard a step in the room. 
Pave looked up with a pained look on his face to see of the Monarch species, identified, Doctor Robb Marina, who stood at his side speaking “It’s alright, Pave. It’s normal for Aquarians whether their male or female to force their mates into mating. Don’t worry about it.” 
Pave moved his head to stare back at his offsprings, lying in the crib as he heard Robb leave the room through the open doorway. He reached in the crib and with his hands adjusted the blankets surrounding, each baby covering their arms as they slept. Pave raised his hands staring at them and lowered them when he heard a clicking sound, entering the room. He grimaced recognizing the sound as the foot claws of an Akylah clicking against the hard floor. The clicking got nearer and nearer till Pave sensed the Akylah standing next to him. He heard a cough sound, because Akylah’s can’t do throat clearing noises and looked at the Akylah whose feathered arms were folded, and on his face were eye wear goggles covering his eyes. Goggles are for Akylah’s to see better, when trying to see closer instead of their far away sight. He could see on the earth colored feathered arm was a sky, colored, armband, with the Oceanan seal of a sun, colored trident, and sky blue color, surrounding it. He recalled the armband of an Akylah and recognized Lodinu Borsov, the mate of his older sister Anastia aka Anastasia Yulia Palina-Borsova. 
Lodinu spoke “Among the Akylah, it is always three children per carry, but among the other races having Akylahs, is always one child.”
Lodinu paused as Pave moved his head to stare at his offsprings and continued “I’ll tell you some things, we of the Akylah, race of the island nation Prussia, don’t like talking about cycles ago, just before each island nation was aware of each other. Akylahs on Prussia were fighting each other, for their females to assume the leadership position as Tsarina. A female, after three suns of carrying, in front of a large number of witnesses had two sons, my brother and I. Word spread, the fighting stopped and my mother was declared the Tsarina a position, she has kept ruling us in peace.”
Pave looked at Lodinu who again paused and added “You, the father and her, the mother along with your two Akylah, sons will be looked with respect among my people. Consider yourself honorable for that. Your sons in the Akylah tradition will be named after their mother using the names of Tamu and Yaru.”
Pave groaned in response as Lodinu without a word left the room. He focused onto Tamyara, he heard was groaning loudly, while shaking the efforts of sleep from her. He went to Tamyara to grip her hand hearing her gasp loudly, like her mind scanned him. It was recalled himself mind scanned by Tamyara who found his memories of his terrible day at the high school fully in mind. She was sensed stiffened when she found in his mind the births of their offsprings, the twin Akylahs, who Lodinu named Tamu and Yaru. Pave recalled that Tamyara without a word thrust a finger into his front and spoke via his mind.
He spoke later on admittance “I’m able to receive talk on admittance on that including mind scanning detection of a sense hitting me, must be programming that my father did to me.”
Tamyara spoke “You’re getting rid of that Oceanan suit at the thrift shop, Valley Thrift, in National City’s boundary limits as payment for that forced mating. I didn’t resists to that forced mating, because I knew your mind was made up. You’ll have your freedom to use me for mating urges, anytime you like me submitting to it. I want you to dump that suit period and wear something else for work at that High School, for teaching Basic language. My mind’s made up on that.” He heard from Tamyara mentally via mind. 
Pave groaned but didn’t protest to Tamyara’s order hearing her voice in his mind sounded firm to him. 
He heard her add “My sons? Give them to me.” 
Pave with groaning released Tamyara’s hand and without a word went to his sons picking them, up into the crook of his arms and bought them both to Tamyara. He settled the twins into her arms’ grips, finding her eyeing both sons and appearing to be studying them, like she was mind scanning them. He frowned as one twin gave up a wail sounding loud making him, grimace in response as Akylahs have loud voices when as offsprings. Tamyara was heard speaking loudly in response to the wailing noises of the baby “His name is Tamu, the oldest twin and loud mouth from his noises. Yaru will be the quiet twin and it’ll be his name.”
Pave didn’t say a word in response to Tamyara but gave her a Human’s head bob in response as he felt himself tired abruptly.
Tamyara was appearing to sense his tiredness spoke “Put the twins back into their crib. I need to sleep some more.”
Pave wound up obeying to do that order him, kissing each baby on their foreheads. Tamyara wound up giving Pave a glare of annoyance recognized by Highlanders’ expressions as Pave lowered the babies, back into the crib and gave her a look indicating guilt as recognized. Pave recalled that Tamyara felt herself tired abruptly without a word shut her eyes and passed out unconscious lying onto the bed. 
He recalled hearing a siren sounding from the room, followed by nurses arriving into the room with panic in their hissing tones saying “Ay Kabaiya poisoned!”
Pave recalled getting another oxygen attack and wound up, ignored as the nurses worked onto Tamyara furiously trying to keep her alive from the looks of it. He recalled hitting the floor and passing out unconscious not seeing what happened to Tamyara, next but the room’s recorders witnessed the scene. Pave’s reaction viewing the recording showed Tamyara, declared, disappeared, followed by a nurse cutting her hair that was in a ponytail and leaving the room, tracked to a closet, in the hallway and later came out without the hair. 
Pave via viewing the recording, had to be restrained by two guards, both males of the Akylah species said “Akylahs are to be the strongest species of all Terranian natives when it comes to restraint via hands.” 
Pave wound up giving off a hissing fit sounding of anger and rage, including giving off his echolocation ability. 
Pave was ordered “I direct you to view more of the recording.” 
That showed Tamyara’s body melting away into the bed sheets, like her disappeared by poisoned status took effect, followed by a nurse clad in surgical scrubs, arrived into the room and picked up the sheets wrapping the liquid status of Tamyara’s body, into a garbage bucket. The nurse was seen transporting the garbage bucket to the refuse area, where it involves garbage being burned. Pave wound up acting out in anger in response, to that burning of Tamyara’s remains, into the garbage dump. 
He was later told “The garbage dump burning was what was done by bodies poisoned to a disappearance status, by the Assassin Lord’s minion Poisoner, as referred. His poison was detected into Tamyara by the smell. The smell indicated he had hidden status ability, despite no sign of how he poisoned her seen, except a scratch mark onto her arm.”
Pave wound up throwing an angry fit, restrained by the Akylahs, till he was forced to kneel with head bowed facing the ground, in an effort to calm him down, including cutting off his echolocation ability. 
Pave once calmer snarled, spoke “I recalled nothing else involving anyone helping me when they worked onto Tamyara, I love with my life.”
Pave heard “You sure of that?”
He glared at the female Akylah, seated in a chair that gestured to the recorders’ TV screen on the wall. He eyed the recorder’s screen to see it show another point of view involving the nurses, working onto Tamyara, showed another group of medics appearing to be Monarchs, working onto himself, despite his oxygen attack. The male medics appeared to stabilize him, followed by putting him onto a stretcher and out of the room to the familiar closet, they disappeared into. 
“It’s assumed that you was transported someplace hence the closet disappearance.” As said by the female Akylah, he didn’t know her name at first, but later recognized her. 
Pave was ordered by the female Akylah “Keep on watching.”
He obeyed with the help of the Akylahs which he saw the familiar medics, come out of the closet without him, one carrying am empty stretcher. Pave was forced to watch as he himself, via his living breathing form, came out of the closet hand, onto his stomach and looked like he was sick with something. 
Pave via admittance said “I, at the time didn’t have a memory of myself doing that!”
Pave was actually transported from a secret location of a lake’s body of water, where he breathed the water, via gills off the sides of his chest. Pave remembered himself dumped to the closet, as a result of hiding the transportation, he didn’t know at the time the transport, involved Meritanian’s transporting.
Pave snarling “I have no memory of that-“
He was interrupted by a terrible headache and groaned out loud, as he saw in his mind a black plant, beating down a door of a closed doors hallway. He saw the plant was joined by another plant till there were four plants beating down the door that succeeded in getting the door open. The doors in the hallway opened with smoke filling into them, followed, by he getting memories, he didn’t realized he had as a result. He felt disgust having that memories spilling into his mind. Pave figured that the plants restoring his mind indicated the Meritanians, Tank and Merra, restored his memories fully, something the High Council mind wiped him, to get him to serve them, as an assassin underneath the Assassin Lord without divided loyalties. 
Pave wound up snarling loudly during his memories recalled “Screw them!”
“His memories are restored.” according to the Merra Kid, plant in the room broadcasting, he heard appearing to be broadcasting to the female Akylah.
Pave wound up assumed that Merra and Tank’s plants, scattered around the building, restored the memories of himself. Pave via memories restored, recalled himself, coming out of the closet, at the hospital despite not remembering that memory fully healed of his medical ailment. His healing involved himself transported to the nearest body of water and dumped into it to breathe, despite an Aqua tank not doing the job. He recalled himself able to stabilize his breathing, followed by transported back, to the closet where Highlanders loyal to Lancelot Nation, mind wiped that memory from his mind via deep scanning him via touch, while he was out asleep. Pave heard snickering like laughter in his mind as he recalled what he forgot. He recalled went back to teach at high school, finding his authority still questioned, by students still giving him trouble. He still was wearing the Oceanan uniform, despite not obeying to Tamyara’s request, to get rid of it which he had an argument with her.
“Pave, get rid of that suit now!” said Tamyara.
Pave spoke “I will not!”
Tamyara spoke “Then sleep in the spare bedroom and forget about me!”
Pave ended argument by storming out of the apartment, wandering around the city till a Kaddar approached him, telling him “You’re to go the Emperor Palin’s plane in the airport now!”
Pave via memories felt rage hitting him as he went to plane where Emperor Palin is seated in the airport. Pave wound up giving a servant of Lancelot’s Rhineland, leader of the Akylahs’, a glare while feeling his mind scanned, as he remembered various memories. 
Pave glared at the Akylah nearby who appeared to look twin, to his father by appearance’s face despite overheard thinking “Why’s my father’s offspring in Akylah form serving these zealots anyway?!”
Pave via memories into his mind of his Father snarled angrily “You aren’t my sibling.”
The Akylah wound up speaking “Doesn’t matter. Just remember what you forgot.”
Pave shut his eyes as he got another headache involving Meritanian’s mind, manipulation. He recalled visiting his father in the airport’s airplane seeing a Highlander guard with his Father’s face, dubbed Tikcanni, to his confusion.
Pave once he arrived which the Emperor spoke “So when are you coming home and ditching that cripple and her twins, she paused down onto her twinning ability onto her babies? She’s a twin actually.”
Pave gave up a loud faint echolocation roar which the Akylahs got him to kneel followed, by forcing his head to be bowed cutting off his echolocation ability. He wound up remembering, he found the ability working for his attacks against the Kaddar guards, knocking them and his assumed Father, out unconscious. He saw that the Emperor wasn’t his father but someone else posing as him, from the punching done onto the male. 
Pave via memory was feeling rage and without a word used the Emperor as punching bag while snarling loudly “Tamyara isn’t a cripple! She’s mine! Her sons are mine! Don’t ever mention that cripple word to me again you miserable excuse of a father!”
He sensed his words recorded by a sense going off indicating it, when he spoke his wording as he without a word left the plane. Pave recalled himself stomping through the siren of the Guardian’s, sounding of a snowstorm, coming to find himself inside his apartment with warmth felt. 
He realized with a start “Merra transported me to there like she’s always cares about me unlike my father and his dratted hatred of me.”
Pave via memory found Tamyara asleep in bed ignoring him and their sons in a crib nearby sleeping while hearing soft snoring sounds from both twins. He grunted, oh comment and without a word went to the dresser, exchanging his clothes to his jumpsuit, of green for Oceana’s opening ceremony clothes. He put the jumpsuit on and without a word towards Tamyara, awake watching him bang around. Pave recalled his banging woke Tamyara up to see him, exchange his clothes, from suit to his jumpsuit and bang around. He heard both sons, wailing in response to the banging which he appearing to ignore their noises. Pave, who without a word left the room slamming the door. Pave recalled, he heard the front door to the room bang with a loud thump noise, indicating something else than his normal door bang. He was carrying his Oceanan official suit, in his hands which he recalled himself, doing what Tamyara asked him to do. Pave while on the way to the thrift shop, stopped by a building involving newspapers, to hide while waiting for the snowstorm to go by the city. He wound up standing in a building while waited for the snowstorm to blow over which he walked in the city walking normally while carrying his suit. He found the Valley Thrift shop in sight, in a building via sign. 
Pave went to thrift shop and spoke to the salesclerk a Kenibian “I’m getting rid of Oceanan suit in exchange them for a suit.”
The salesclerk speaking in response “You can do that providing the monetary is the same amount, I’m giving you for the suit you’re donating.”
He obeyed to find a suit appearing to be earth colored that appeared to be in good condition. 
He took the suit to the salesclerk who spoke “Suits fine for you. Suit yourself, no pun intended.”
Pave without a word gave a head bob and took the suit outside carrying it via hanger. 
He wound up while outside while being teased by Akylahs, three males, appearing to be triplets, standing outside “Whoo hoo! It’s the son of Emperor Palin the Emperor Executioner! What do you have to say about being an executioner’s son?!” 
A Kenibian was heard by Pave, by yelling from his shop, involving newspapers, while sweeping “Knock it off now! Leave him alone and let him do what he wants while in town! Don’t make him regret being an Americanian despite his own father publicity exiled him!”
Pave wound up grimacing of shock involving the words involving his father.
Pave was mind scanned at the time by a loyal Highlander noticing another mind scanning him, in the process “The exiling must be in response to me punching him. Well bloody Hades to my miserable excuse of a father!”
Pave went home and without a word of shock found Tamyara lying on the floor unconscious, despite twins wailing their upset cries. He got Tamyara to the hospital while carrying the twins in his arms via calling for emergency via phoning requests. The ambulance arrived and carried Tamyara into the vehicle with Pave in the front carrying his twins. Pave was again forced to watch recordings, via vehicle show Tamyara’s body examined and scratch mark found onto her arm, as her body melted onto the sheets of the bed, was put into a garbage dumpster on the way inside. Dumpster was later burned of its contents by a nurse, seen, carrying a torch and lighting everything up. Dumpster’s burning didn’t last long, instead, remained burning, for a short time, followed by water of rainstorms, pouring it out. 
Pave via admittance “I wasn’t aware of this poisoned status as I was brought to the hospital.” where he was sitting in the waiting room for word on Tamyara while carrying his twins. 
Pave recalled he stood in the waiting room, while holding onto his twins, till Doctor Robb Marina, the medical doctor arrived, giving him a grim look, with a head shake of Human, gesture of no.
He stiffened from the gesture to realize with a start “Tamyara was poisoned wasn’t she?”
He got from Doctor Marina, a Human head gesture of yes, along with hearing “It’s our fault to assume she injured her back when it was poison in her system. The antidote was administered to her but I can’t say what will happen to her body’s form after the damage is obvious.”
Pave groaned loudly as Doctor Marina added “Go home, Pave. Tamyara will require intensive hospital, staying for a lengthy time, period, till we find an antidote to her poisoned status. She obviously can’t survive without the medical treatments we’re giving her to prolong the poisoned status. I’m sorry about this.”
Pave groaned and without a word held up his sons and spoke “What will be done to my offsprings?”
He frowned as Doctor Marina spoke in response “Your offsprings will be sent to Prussia, where a pair of Akylahs, willing to raise them, will take care of them till their old enough to decide for their own lives.”
Pave heard a familiar cough sound, to find an Akylah male with Lodinu’s Oceanan seal’s armband on his arm, along with a female Akylah nearby sensed angry by her mouth into a thin line. Groaning, he gave up the twins to the female Akylah who without a word but a sound of disapproval, walked away carrying both twins in her arms. He found Lodinu still remaining there, who reached out a hand and placed onto his shoulder. The hand was felt nails of claws, digging into the area that was later clawed nails of someone else and not Lodinu. It’s assumed that someone else did a mind trick on Pave, to make him think he gave the twins up to Akylahs, when it wasn’t.
Pave frowned but didn’t shake off the hand instead Lodinu spoke “Don’t worry your twins will be told of you and Tamyara. I will oath on my life on this telling period.”
He groaned and found Lodinu without a word removed his hand and walked away foot, claws, not loudly clicking, onto the floor, he didn’t realize at the time wasn’t Lodinu but someone else.  Pave realized Doctor Marina was still nearby giving him a glare. 
Pave spoke towards Doctor Marina “My loyalty is towards Tamyara and nothing towards my miserable excuse of a father for his poisoning her, in an attempt to remove her from me. I realized that she drank a water bottle that had Oceanan based poison in it, and didn’t suffer from the effects till she crashed her floor exercise. I can’t help you on that matters involving what poison it is. My father kept me out of various important details of his ruling, like I wasn’t his own child something he did to my brother and sisters.”
Pave noticed Doctor Marina’s glare become more glaring like accusation.
Pave spoke added “I’ll go home and keep myself busy till its obvious Tamyara can receive visitors, excuse me.”
He got up and left the hospital walking to their apartment despite feeling his mind scanned abruptly. Pave frowned once he reached his apartment to go inside via hand print’s lock, opening, leaving the door open, via absent mildly status. He frowned as he went to sit on the couch and ignored the mind scanning of Merra, was assumed mind scanning him seemingly lengthy. 
Pave remained sitting on the couch lengthy till he heard in his mind “You should be asleep now. The High Council will make your father pay for his crimes.”
He stiffened from the voice male sounding in his mind sounding as the door to his apartment was manipulated and shut. Pave without a word went into his bedroom and laid, onto the bed clutching Tamyara’s pillow, with a groan and forced himself to shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep. 
Triton wound up told “You should watch this.”
He wound up seeing a recording of a male familiar, giving off a scary look, as heard a familiar ahem sound in a hypnotic voice tone. Triton didn’t realize his mind was altered to view an Akylah male with Lodinu’s Oceanan seal’s armband on his arm, along with a female Akylah nearby sensed angry by her mouth into a thin line. Groaning he overheard, gave up the twins to the female Akylah who without a word but a sound of disapproval walked away carrying both twins in her arms. He found Lodinu still remaining there who reached out a hand and placed onto his shoulder that felt like clawed hand twin to the servant Mindbender via admittance.

The High Council admits to playing a mind trick onto Triton as in making him think he gave the twins up to Akylahs, when they were given to a female Highlander and Mindbender acting as Lodinu, via mind control trick. The Akylahs were given to the High Council willingly as a trick to raise them into the group’s points of views to become guards of the group once grown. Male guards of bird status were highly treasured religiously hence the High Council trying to get twin Akylahs, for that status. Tamyara being a twin was a factor to why be she had twin Akylahs who will be raised to be males guards of the High Council once they reached the age of choice nineteen.

Triton was seen by Mindbender playing that trick to frowned but didn’t shake off the hand instead got told “Don’t worry your twins will be told of you and Tamyara. I will oath on my life on this telling period.”
Mindbender according to himself without a word from Triton removed his hand and walked away foot claws not heard clicking loudly onto the floor. Triton at the time realized Doctor Marina was still nearby giving him a glare that was twin to a servant’s glare of confesses your crime. It appeared that Doctor Marina wasn’t fooled by the trickery, instead thought that Triton had a part of it hence his familiar glare. 
The doctor was overheard saying some hissing language commentary, that was translated later, said “Their females.”
It’s not clear what Doctor Marina meant by the commentary but it’s assumed the comment involved the two Akylahs being females instead of males. Not sure but will find out later once the Akylahs reached the age of choice which is nineteen, to declare their natural gender.

Email, includes this paragraph, as said by the Lancelot Nation’s Recorder recording this email to be sent to the High Council “High Council is a group of manipulative Highlanders, living in Oceana near the Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy. The High Council has used Assassin Lord’s minions to assassinate minions of Lancelot Nation’s natives including doing that death status repeatedly to Tamyara whose cloned form is still contained into the home base forever contained. Tamyara is cloned but kept safe for her safety out of Poisoner, the Assassin Lord’s minion, repeatedly poisoning her to death to give Pave Palin no excuse to serve the High Council without undivided loyalties.”

Triton later wound up introduced to the Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy via memories of himself meeting the High Council via a based home underwater nearby Lancelot Nation’s islands. It’s assumed the island is somewhere within the vicinity of the Meritanians’ minds scanning near Oceana. Triton was later implanted with a tracker implant was detected underwater near Kenibia’s religious state of Egypt. The Highlanders’ obsession towards Egypt involves the High Council’s base, there as assumed despite Meritanians Walls and Kiddy still unable to mind scan people there. It’s assumed that Walls and Kiddy had small parts of them in kids’ plant forms, taken from them and put into the vicinity of the Lancelot Nation’s islands, for transportation and mind scanning.

Triton recalled meeting the Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy, by him heard a voice speaking in his mind “Wakey wake it’s rude to sleep when there’s guests’ present.”
Triton was sensed thinking “Its odd hearing the voice sounded male and alien like Merra’s voice but seemed different.” 
Triton via memories of the High Council’s home base, heard water lapping sounds to find him lying onto stone floor. He frowned as he got up and found himself facing a group of humanoids in red robed hooded robes he counted nine of them, minus one finger of his ten, on his hands. This is the High Council group themselves, always manipulative. One of the figures via hooded robe walked forwards, into his line of sight removing the hood. Triton via memory gulped seeing a human male with short blonde hair as the male appeared to eye him with a narrowed eyed look, of a glare with eyes golden, expecting him, to say something. He saw the male’s eyes were unlike the golden eyes descendants of the Surrai, marked by the golden eyed look living in South America’s island nation of Kurpanov’s Sanctuary, having nothing to do with either the High Council or the Lancelots, in their war. Triton recalled himself compelled by gibberish from the male to speak, the entire story of his life raised in Oceana, ending with him, learning Tamyara was poisoned. 
He didn’t comment another word instead the male still glaring spoke words verbalized via Basic language “The poison’s cure, is another poisoned status that must be injected into Tamyara by needle and then the antidote to that poison administered. We have the proper people working in place to do this to Tamyara Palina-“
Triton rudely interrupted “Her name is Tamyara Chennikova. I’m not taking the name of Pavel Palin or the Palin name. I’m taking Tamyara’s name of Chennikova. I refused to have anything to do with Pavel Palin for not treating me as his son while growing up.”
The male in response identified as Barry, later, by the High Council spoke “Your name is Pavel Palin as publicity known and you’ll keep that name but the name of Triton, is your private name for communications purposes among the High Council.”
Triton spoke in response “I agree to that. So tell me what I must do to help Tamyara? My loyalty is towards her as my mate and my female mine.”
He gave the golden eyed human a glare and got from the male in response “There’s something you must do for us when the time is right. So listen to our request and think smartly on whether to accept or refuse.”
Triton heard the male’s request said “You will serve us as an assassin by the Assassin Lord as our request by saving Tamyara Chennikova.”
Triton via memory, recalled, he groaned softly, hearing the wording as the male added “You’ll be called for that request once you have thought it through. Tamyara is still going to be received medical help. Our loyalty towards her is that she’s a member of our species, the Highlanders, who we cherish and emphasized to live more than any other species on this planetary world.”

High Council seemed to have loyalty towards Highlanders, who serve them with undivided loyalties like dedicated servants and nothing divided from that.

Triton frowned but didn’t comment a response as he found the Highlander as assumed was the male without a word thrusting a finger aimed at him and found his head covered by a clothe. He sensed the ground different from the hardness to feel softness of something bouncy. Triton removed the hood and found he, standing on a bed. He removed the hood to eye it finding the thing was a hooded mask included eye plates for eyes in a familiar shape, he gulped recognizing it. Triton saw the shape was indicating an Assassin Lord which he remembered the request got down from the bed and put it into the dresser out of sight. He eyed the time piece seeing he needed to get ready for work. Triton stupidity, didn’t know, he was transported to somewhere in the High Council’s base and left to think for his own thoughts, before giving the words of loyalty. Triton via memories after Tamyara receiving High Council help was she was cloned by the High Council. Triton recalled himself arrived at high school, early, wearing suit and waited for the Principal, a Kenibian to arrive. He frowned as the Kenibian arrived which he pestered with questions involving the job. 
The Principal gave up a loud Humph in response then spoke “Just post a note involving grading attendance to your classroom and hope the students read it. It’s just something for the students to do while their in your classroom, sitting around not taking you seriously as a teacher to you.”  
Triton obeyed to Principal’s suggestion then posts note on bulletin board outside his classroom about being graded for attendance. 
A student as recognized a Kenibian, named Daheara Wasilla, arrives in classroom in the first period Basic class talking loudly “I wanting to be a judge of gymnastics and has to learn how to write in Basic for that.” 
Dakar Wasilla, a Highlander family member of hers, scolds her “The language being useless for you to learn from some idiot.”
Triton at the time hearing that recalled the Principal’s answer to one of his questions groaned softly and waited for the students to be silent. Other students join in discussion and get in an argument about learning Basic. 
Triton waited for the students to stopping argument by saying loudly despite sensing them, angry with violence “I thought you had a problem with me being a son of Emperor Palin, I’m aware that Americanians have a strong dislike hence this accurate nickname, Emperor Executioner. He really is an executioner a spoiled brat who didn’t treat his first born son, properly enough, to hate his own father as a result.” 
Students silenced and shocked at his comment which Triton via memories of that were gasping loudly including willing aside his echolocation ability after discovering himself still in the Lancelot’s group’s headquarters and not in the High Council’s hands. The Akylah guards managed to get him to stand to face their leader of the Lancelot group in Rhineland as that nation is called formerly Switzerland, Netherlands, Germany and France. The leader is a female Akylah named Kirstana Nemany, a clone of the original Nemany from the isle of Shadonia really Kurpanov’s Sanctuary. 
Triton recalled via memories with his mind scanned by the Meritanians, kiddy plants, Tank and Merra recalled himself at the high school telling the students as he continues talking “I’m asking the students why they signed up for class willingly? I mentions, I got this information straight from the Principal from what I pestered him to answer questions on.” 
Students appeared to be are ashamed and cooperate when he starts teaching them Basic subject Emperor Palin as an executioner. 
Bell rings and during the period class change he overhears first period students loudly telling other students in the hallway “Mister Pave Palin knows about you students willingly signing up for the class, him thinking we had a problem with him from his family. He agreed with our argument on calling his own father an executioner.” in very loud tones tell the second period students “You’re to cooperate with Pave Palin as your teacher.” 
Triton appears to pretend to not overhear as the second period students come in talking, bell rings and they cooperate with him when he starts teaching Basic. It’s the same with the other class periods till the end of school is over. 
Triton via memories thinks “I finally have the students’ respects.” 
He recalled himself walked himself home to find the familiar golden eyed Highlander, really Barry, an All Seeing One, male compeller, seated on his couch giving him a familiar glare. Triton found his mind scanned to notice, a Meritanian kiddy plant, in the vicinity assumed to be Walls or Kiddy. 
Triton found himself compelled to speak “I told the students what they wanted to hear hence they cooperated with me.”
Barry via recorders, in the apartment spoke in response “Go to your bedroom and get some rest.”
The Highlander without a word got up and disappeared in a light show, he recognized was a Meritanian’s plant transportation. Triton went into his bedroom to gasp seeing Tamyara lying in bed asleep without the wheelchair in sight but another Meritanian kiddy plant was there. He felt himself itching to mate via feelings hitting him obeyed to strip himself of the suit till he’s naked. Triton without a word went to Tamyara and removed the blanket which he found her clad in a gown involving something else that was shapeless blue and still remained asleep. The shapeless gown involved the Lancelot group’s members something that Tamyara got hooked into that group, assuming the High Council was killing her over and over. 
She was seen sensed felt Triton laid his form on top of her as she gasp out “Pave, the All Seeing One God gave me back my life involving no longer poisoned and wheelchair bound.”
She was seen opened her eyes while eyeing Triton in response to scan his mind and found the memories of him meeting a group dubbed High Council in his mind as he mated with her. Triton via mating sensed that Tamyara found his mating with her seemed gentle and soothing. She lay on the bed eyeing him in the eyes as he eyed her back unseeing her, because of his fussy eyesight and without his glasses on. She scanned his mind during his touching her while mating in a gentle move to hear a growl in an angry voice in his mind. Triton heard from the voice in his mind sounding of roaring noises sounding in a furious tone, it was figured it was Tamyara’s voice sounding in his mind but her expression was pleasant. Triton didn’t realize that noise was of a Meritanian kiddy plant scanning him and Tamyara mating with each other and roaring angrily, almost giving itself away. Triton found Tamyara ended the mating after giving him a kiss on the lips which metallic thrusting was felt according to him.
Tamyara heard hissing out “You’re done so get out and do something else!” 
Triton heard giving off groans and obeying followed by Tamyara’s voice speaking “I won’t be carrying this time.”
Triton spoke “I’m not suitable for raising offsprings. Just teaching them languages in classes by telling them what they want to hear and nothing else. Don’t ask me to raise a baby again.”
Tamyara was seen rolling her eyes like a Human without a word remained lying on the bed as if sick. Triton was seen adjusted his form and wrapped his arms around her spoon fashioning her and sensed he was asleep. Tamyara appeared to felt sleepiness hitting her shut her eyes. 

Pave as he prefers to be referred instead of the Triton name, wound up finding he getting a memory of Tamyara facing a familiar beach to face the familiar white hooded robe figure, the All Seeing One God, who sounded of a Human’s throat clearing noises.
She spoke what she saw in Pave’s mind then got from the God in response in some cruel voice tone sounding, threatening “Let me handle that group and their requests to have Pave become an assassin of theirs. Just worry about living your life walking around as a celebrity named, Tamyara Chennikova.”
Pave recalled that some hand came onto Tamyara who found her eyes forced shut found herself back in her bed with him cuddling her. It was sensed he wasn’t asleep but just rubbing his forehead onto the back of her head. Tamyara appeared too remained lying awake for a lengthy time period as she sensed Pave doing the same till an alarm clock sounded loudly. Pave recalled himself getting up from bed and putting onto his suit but Tamyara remained asleep in bed. He wound up walking into the living room only to be seen jerking aside, like someone pushed him via a hidden status to move. The hidden status assumed to be Poisoner, the assassin, who again poisoned Tamyara who didn’t give out a noise of anything instead melted her body onto the bed. Lancelot’s nurses were seen appearing into transportation shows, to pick up the remains and dump it into a dumpster nearby, while another Tamyara was seen taking the poisoned Highlander’s place while clad in a gown of the nurse. Pave not paying attention, wound up sitting on the couch appearing to be mindless again. His mindless status was broken by getting a door knocking sound to find, an Oceanan guard, a Kaddar, standing outside his apartment. He gave the Kaddar, a glare who handed him a piece of paper. He snatched out of the male’s hand and slammed the door in response.
Pave read the paper saying “Your sister in Oceanan headquarters in city wants to meet you immediately.” 
Pave grumbled loudly despite Tamyara hearing him from the eating table “Drat, what does that sister of mine wants now?”
He crumbled up the note throwing it onto the floor and without a word walked into the bedroom slamming the door. Tamyara seen with a cane went to the note and picked it up reading the contents in Oceana’s written language as recognized, was High Council’s from the All Seeing One God’s teachings. The language was really Japanese but known as Shonsurran. Tamyara was seen went to her bedroom to find Pave on the bed clutching her pillow as she held the note.
Her mind scanned at the time by the plant Pave’s reaction to his father in the plane spoke “You really should see your sister and explain your side of this fight between you and your, her father, so she’ll get it your point of views.”
The plant Walls or Kiddy instead of assumed as Tank or Merra, was heard giving a small groan and mentally mind scanned Pave, mentally spoke in response sensing that but assuming Tamyara doing it “Alright but I’m not wearing that suit to headquarters.”
Tamyara without a word went to sit down and gently rubbed Pave’s back in a soothing move she stiffening to scan his mind, giving the plant a glare. This was followed by grabbing the plant and hauling it out of the apartment throwing that kid of Walls or Kiddy, into the hallway. After that the recorders found Pave without a word getting up and putting on his Teacher’s uniform. Tamyara was seen held up the note which he groaned loudly and took without a word and left the bedroom she limply behind to follow. She stood watching him leave the apartment followed by a Kaddar guard seen shutting the door giving her, a glare of accusation. She seen glared back in response as the guard slammed the door then without a word went to sit on the couch and shut her eyes, appearing to be mediating. Recorders shows her expression on her face was various looks, instead of just mediation pose. It’ was assumed she was seeing via an All Seeing One’s abilities. 
Tamyara was overheard spoke “I’ll do them without question.” 
Recorders went black as if indicating some power outage then Human’s time piece of fifteen minutes later recorders, were found in the hallway, smashed to pieces and the apartment’s door’s hand print for Tamyara erased. It’s assumed that the High Council manipulated everything involving Tamyara, to suffer a disappearance status including erasing everything of them in the apartment. 

Pave was seen went to Oceana’s headquarters via car to find the guards balking on letting him leave the entrance’s room instead told “You’re to stay here while we get the Empress Palina-Borsova, to you.”
He forced to wait impatiently, waiting for his sister, who arrive an Aquarian like he is, but has red curly hair unlike his blonde hair. 
He gave his sister a glare as she spoke “Pave, go home to Oceana to attend the Terrania Unity Games.”
Terrania Unity Games weren’t hosted by Oceana instead were still hosted by Kenibia which games were past. The games were awarded to Rania, formerly the nation of Saudi Arabia, with islands nearby into the Rania’s nation control. Unsure of why’s Anastia was lying to Pave despite he witnessing the exchange via recording and heard hissing loudly some angry insulting term.
“Screw that bitch!” He’s heard hissing in Americanian. 
Pave via recording gave his sister a glare and spoke “I balk at that request. I flat out refused to go to Oceana despite your pleading.  Tamyara’s invalid condition is my excuse of her being poisoned by our own father doing it to get rid of her after it was obvious she was paired to me. I also admit knocking out the Kaddar and punching the Emperor like a punching bag while on the plane docked in National City.” 
Anastia spoke “I’m shocked to hear that.” but Pave says “I won’t go to Oceana and face the Emperor for what I did to him. I’m adamant that I’m not going to Oceana not for anything for my loyalty is towards Tamyara period.” as Anastia stares at him with shock. 
Pave leaves without a word and forced he to walk home, despite the Guardian sounding loudly indicating a snowstorm which he’s seen disappearing in a light show.
Pave’s tracker indicated Liberation state of USA, followed by cut off. He provided the further memories of what happened next.
“I wound up transported to someplace dark and unable to see where I was followed by an oxygen mask placed over my mouth, including a needle felt into my neck. I passed out unconscious.”

Pave recalled further from that memories of his mind scanned by Merra and Tank’s offsprings scattered around the building in island nation of Germany, Netherlands, Switzerland and France, there together known as Rhineland. The three nations were considered nations for Humans to live as equals and as neutral territory for the war, between the High Council and the Lancelots. Hence Pave transported to the headquarters of Lancelot in Rhineland after his capture by the Lancelots servants of Lance Richard, dubbed Mesan’s Curse by the High Council. The leader of the Lancelots, currently lives in Rhineland in a building ignored by the High Council, but zealously guarded by Humans in the city called Atlanta, by the Humans who insisted on the names for Rhineland’s cities. Pave’s mind was scanned and revealed that he had his mind wiped by the High Council’s servants, Walls and Kiddy, as assumed but suspected that nine Highlanders did that mind wiping including a compeller’s voice order suspected. Pave was seen in his mind having hallway doors shut indicating his memories were wiped. The restoring of his mind caused all the doors to open making him, receive the memories fully into his mind. 

One memory as seen by Merra and Tank kids, saw Pave found himself facing the High Council via their throne room saying “Who’s this All Seeing One God anyway?!”
He gave the High Council a glare as they in response waved hands in some random gesture not signs to him. Pave gave them a glare and waited while wearing his glasses. 
He kept the glare and waited as the familiar Highlander arrived into sight via light show and spoke “You answered a complication that was plaguing us. The request for answering to the Assassin Lord has been removed. You’re free to go now.”
He found himself back into his apartment with Tamyara no where in sight but figured “She must be in the bedroom.”
Pave found her lying in bed that removed the blanket off her form showing it naked bare of clothes and got from her “Just do what you want since I’ve kept my word I’ll keep my word.”
Pave found that Tamyara without a word found himself obeying to her words stripping himself of his clothes. She was sensed staring at him as she eyed her mate with some oh gesture onto her mouth. He recalled finding his form was changed, involving muscles on his front, like abs twin to Humans including muscles, elsewhere that was twin to Humans, instead of a flabby thin look. 
Pave recalling the memory snarled “I was cloned hence this joker mating with Tamyara!”
Pave’s body on closer inspection, shows his form is thin and lanky from swimming in the water, too much doing various jobs for the High Council. His body when he was captured involved that the All Seeing One God did manipulation to him to make him easy for capture. He appeared to be sick with some medical ailment that the High Council was appearing to be ignoring and making him swim, too much underwater like a fish too much hence his thinness. Pave with a smirk or clone of him, as he mated with her, she mind scanning him, to find the conversation with the High Council group fully in mind. It was seen in Pave’s mind of the mating indicating clones can see what other clones can see including the original. The mating involved Tamyara hissing disproval tones as the clone exhaled a breath, finding the memory of him asking the High Council the question of All Seeing One God, fully in his mind. Tamyara without a word after the clone finished being inside her, felt him pull out and cuddled his arms around her form forehead onto her side of the head. 
The assumed Leader of the Lancelots, heard Pave groan loudly from the memory restoring followed by she speaking “What’s with you, Pave Palin on your memories?”
Pave in response spoke “Nothing but just sleep and hope this All Seeing One God of yours helps me out with my problems. I don’t feel like asking the High Council for help because I just remembered that group doing favors to my miserable excuse of a father, like a spoiled brat, unknowing the consequences. Ugh.”
The leader of the Lancelots, Kirstana Nemany sighed hearing Pave’s words found him, passed out unconscious from his medical issue of not taking in the proper nourishment, hence his thin form. It’s assumed that the High Council ditched Pave Palin to be taken care of hence they not throwing a hissing fit in response, to their minion captured by servants of the Lancelot group. Pave was given nourishments via injections at the local hospital in Atlanta who don’t question what’s going on with Humans suffering, despite knowing there’s a war between High Council and Lancelot Nation natives. Pave was sensed taking in the nourishment willingly, including eating the food given to him. Pave after a week of nourishment his body, once he took in the food and slept properly, ballooned up to a muscular form twin, to the clone in his mind mating with Tamyara. It’s assumed that the clone in his mind, he thought of was himself, mating with Tamyara, before he lost his muscular form.

Pave during the nurses’ visits, appeared too laid, with his eyes, open a lot, including sleeping after a Meritanian, put him down asleep.
Pave is sensed by the Meritanians, Merra and Tank, to then shut his eyes asleep, thinking “Shouldn’t be a problem anyway.”
It’s not sure what that comment meant but it late meant according to him, on asking “What do you meant by that comment?” He replying “I’m hoping to go home.”

Pave once nursed to health started pestering the nurses “Can I go home to Lancelot Nation to the city of National City, now?”
He asked that question over and over, towards whoever cared to listen. High Council is assumed listening but not doing anything towards Pave’s question. 
One of the nurses in response to Pave’s annoying question, spoke “What do you have to live for waiting for you there in National City in Lancelot Nation?”
Pave quit his pestering and became a brick wall, in response, instead of saying anything or repeating his question, wound up going to his room, to lie onto the bed, appearing to be staring at the wall.
Nurse identified as a Lancelot, by necklace, spoke when asked this question “Why did you ask Pave Palin, this question of yours?” The answer in response “Pave Palin seems to be stuck onto the past from his pestering, without realizing, he needs to move onto the future for himself, hence my question.”
Nurse refused to answer further questions instead spoke “I’m busy, excuse me!”
Nurse walked away as a result and hasn’t been seen at the hospital again despite assumption of her being transported elsewhere for services. 

Pave wound up given an apartment in Hartford, city in Rhineland, same building as clone of Raisa via wheelchair and Eric Zesky, the original via guide dog, for his blindness attacks. Pave doesn’t do much when living in that apartment other than walking around the city and appearing to be exploring it for living, despite not buying much nourishment to live onto or bothering to furnish his apartment. Pave seems to live on a diet of a gonoid chicken as dubbed, by the Humans and hardly anything else besides water to drink. It seems his familiar diet of foods by the High Council is what’s he’s living on again despite efforts to fatten him up.  

Pave answered the door to find a message from Kaddar, in the morning, saying “The Empress is in hospital victim of a gun via assassination attempt.” 
Assassination attempt was really, an accidental gun discharge of a guard, firing it onto Lodinu Borsov, in response to an argument, between the guard and the Akylah.
Argument via recorders hacked was Lodinu “I demand to see my wife!”
Guard saying “She left orders to not to be disturbed!”
Lodinu “So I still want to see her even if she’s doesn’t want guards or anybody like you, Oceanans, disturbing her!”
Guard “Her orders stand!”
Lodinu is seen thrusting aside the guard and snarling “I still insist!”
Guard is seen getting up from the floor and thrusting out his projectile gun onto Lodinu. 
Gun went off near Lodinu’s feet followed by guard snarling “Don’t disturb! What do you get it that wording, you, stupid idiot?!”
A fight was in the process of handling the gun and it went off shooting the Empress at her door to her apartment in the Oceana’s Ambassadorial, building as seen via recorders.
Empress was seen opening the door yelling “What’s going on?!”
The gun went off shooting her appearing to be into the side, chest area, despite Lodinu having the upper hand onto the guard and gun to punch him, out unconscious. Lodinu is seen via recorders dropping the gun and going to the Empress, his wife, to pick her up carrying to the elevator, where guards seen pointed their guns at him and shoots him, unconscious via darts, seen imbedded into Lodinu. Empress was taken to the hospital while Lodinu was taken to the brig on the bottom of the building and locked in chains. It’s assumed he was blamed for the Empress’s shooting hence the darting. Lodinu wound up out of the brig soon after Kaddar sent word to Pave to visit the Empress. Lodinu is currently resting in the Empress’s bedroom from recorders hacked into.

Pave at the urging of a talking plant dubbed Merra, kid he’s taking care of the plant, insisting “I insisted you go to the hospital and visit your sister.”
Pave wound up having an argument with the plant “I don’t want to go!”
Plant Merra Kid, as named, kept on saying “I insist! It’s important for you to go period! I know something you don’t if you don’t go you won’t learn anything new!”
Pave wound up convinced, obeyed to go to hospital and meets his brother, Paul and sister Yulietta in Anastia’s hospital room via recordings seen. 
Tikcanni arrive as Pave is giving the male a glaring with accusation as the other siblings hug the male who spoke “I reveal, I’m your father Emperor Palin whose proof is the ring on my finger.” 
Pave gave Tikcanni a glare that showed the ring followed by him giving off echolocation waves of anger. 
His brother Paul in response slaps him while saying “Quit that now Pave!”
Pave gets angry says “Father is disappeared to me!” to his siblings’ protest of “Pave, you don’t mean that!”
He storms out of the room and goes to bench to sit down calming down. 

Pave spoke “I remembered being in hallways at three different locations to see Emperor and Tikcanni, giving hugs to my siblings separately. They both wound up failing to give this to myself despite me expecting it.” 
Pave mutters “I have no father.” and goes home transported by Meritanian’s variety to his apartment. 
He gets transported to the High Council, via tracker, indicating Egypt, state of USA again. Listening devices were implanted into Pave which conversation was eavesdropped.
High Council saying “Serve us!”
Pave saying “I would rather not!”
A new voice was heard “Suit yourself for not receiving the reward we have for you.”
Voice via identification sounded Human like but hypnotic voice, tone in a male voice. Unsure of whom that Human was but Pave’s tracker was tracked to Liberation State, to the city of Lydia, where recorders weren’t easily found to indicate, what he was doing there. Pave’s tracker was later removed by signal cutting off and assumed that the High Council has him in service again. 

Further information included by the Recorder of the High Council.
Pave wound up transported to the stronghold city of Lydia, to a bedroom with Barry there to report via seated in a chair within the room, to interfere if anything went wrong. He was seen hissing loudly his familiar sound of shock to find Recorder appearing to be twin to Tamyara, was in the room, removing his clothes from his form. Mostly Pave just standing there allowing Recorder to remove his clothes, including injecting him with a needle into his neck. Pave is seen going to the bed and slumping over unconscious. Medics of the High Council wound up arriving and removed the tracker implants within Pave’s lower back, followed by injecting the male with a needle, later woke up to feel like mating by his moaning sounds. 
Barry via lip reading him said “Get onto the bed and let him have his way with you.” 
Recorder without a word obeyed to strip herself of her clothes and waited for Pave to do the forced mating onto her, while she mind scanned him via mind as partially a Highlander, involving mind scanning, via touch only.
Pave while mating to Recorder, is sensed thinking via admits “Tikcanni revealing himself as my father whose proof is the ring on his finger. I said my father is disappeared with the siblings, traitors to them, protested to that remark. Screw them and Bloody Hades to them anyway!” 
Recorder encouraged act as Tamyara by Barry mentally, spoke in response once Pave finished the mating onto her “How’s your sister Anastia doing anyway? I heard from the Kaddar at the door that she’s shot by an assassination attempt. What’s going on with that?”
Pave in response wound up hissing loudly, some disproval tone followed by hearing “Ugh, I’m not visiting the hospital if the siblings screw them are there with this idiot posing as my father. Ugh.”
Recorder without a word cuddled Pave and waited for him to pass out unconscious. She found him passing out in response and concentrated onto the All Seeing One God, via her mind.
She found his voice saying in response “I’m working on the problem! Don’t disturb!”
Groaning Recorder without a word allowed herself to sleep in response.

Pave wound up transported to the High Council’s home base in Egypt, them speaking “Your words of loyalty now!”
Pave on the urging of Recorder’s throat clearing noises despite her mask, covering her face, mostly around her eyes, as she’s typing this hears him speaking “You have my loyalty but I want my health to take priority involving my nourishments and breaks from swimming in the water. I think that’s why’s I wound up in the hands of the annoyance god’s minions.”
Recorder has to agree to this statement, found a file via Lancelots, transmitted via email to her laptop computer spoke, loudly towards the High Council “Spies of yours transmitted information to me via email. You want me to read the e-mail’s contents?”
High Council wound up ordering in response “Recorder take Triton to medical bay for a checkup for his health and make sure there’s a record of that email involving Triton’s files saved.”
Appeared the High Council knows, what was on the email which Recorder will do what’s ordered.

Recorder took Pave as she figures she’ll refer him to medical bay, to meet Rana still carrying that carrying sack around her, front indicating her residence cat Pumpkin. Not sure why’s she’s doing that to the cat, despite the High Council has forbidden cats in their presence. 
Recorder told Rana “High Council wants a medical checkup for their records on Triton here.”
Rana wound up saying “Triton, go lie on the bed and let yourself be scanned.”
Rana is saying this with sarcasm indicating she’s not happy with her job as medical doctor or something else. Recorder isn’t sure of what’s going on with Rana. Pave wound up obeying and got his form scanned via scanner, a laser light shining overhead him entirely in a fast speed method. 
Once test was done Rana snarled sounding annoyed “Get Triton and yourself out now!”

Recorder obeyed to pass by the creep, she calls, the dedicated servant of the High Council, dubbed Mindbender, on the way out with Pave. Creep is a creepy Human with intense black eyes and a knife scar, on his face, including, hypnotic, pleasant, voice, when speaking. Recorder finds herself, creep out nervous in Mindbender’s presence, like she’s doing something terrible and doesn’t know what it is. 

Recorder takes Pave to her room and orders him “Just lie down and sleep since you look like you could use some rest.”
Recorder found Pave obeying despite sensed lying awake staring at herself reading the email file on, Triton aka Pave Palin as typed by the Lancelots’ recorder of memories. It’s not sure of what’s the Lancelots are using for recording memories, other than Recorder doing, typing via laptop computer. Recorder urged to sleep by the Meritanians blaring into her mind giving off their familiar annoying commentary. Ugh.

Pave via urging of Recorder telling him in the morning after woken up by the Meritanians “Just go visit your sister in the hospital. Just tell her the truth of why’s your seeing your father as disappearance. Just get her onto your side in this conflict instead of her angry at you.”
Pave at first spoke “I don’t agree to this.”
Recorder managed to yank off mask and give Pave an all black eyed glare in response with throat clearing noises sounded from her. 
Pave appeared to gulp from Recorder’s glare instead spoke “Excuse me while I go visit my sister but I’m not sure of the transportation.”
Walls via plant’s kid were heard blaring while in the room “I’ll do that for you.”
Pave visits Anastia in the hospital as recorded via records, witnessed he, coming to the hospital coming out of a supply closet. Pave is appearing to be reluctant to talk to anyone in the hospital by not asking where his sister is contained. He’s seen via recordings of video traveling the hospital via hallways and appearing to be looking for something.
Nurse as witnessed giving Pave that question, steps out of a room after a light show to speak to Pave loudly “Something I can do for you, Sir?”
Pave seemed shocked and shook his head in a human, no, followed by the nurse speaking wording that sounded like a hospital location including saying “She’s there as moved by her father for her safety.”
Pave appeared to make a beeline to the location, the top most part of the building, showing hallway full of Kaddar guards, who are a bit annoyed to see Pave in the hallway, by hands, onto their guns each time they saw him pass. Pave is seen not saying anything to the guards instead guards appeared to recognize Pave, by the widen eyes seen and hands, onto their guns, followed by grimacing and folding their arms to resume a guardian pose. 
Pave reaches the room Anastia, is contained who’s alone without Lodinu there that spoke “Pave what do you want now?” spoken in a rude voice tone. 
Pave tells her “My reason’s why’s I’ve declared my father disappeared is because I’ve never getting affection from Emperor or Tikcanni my whole life. I saw the two hugged you and siblings.” 
Pave admits to Anastia who looks annoyed to his admittance “I think I’m Paul, Tikcanni’s brother’s child-“ 
Anastia interrupts him by saying “Actually its Yulietta, whose Paul’s child and not you. You and Paul your brother are twins born of Pavel Palin. Yulietta is Paul’s offspring via his female before she passed away. Her hair isn’t the same color as mine despite she and I assumed to be twins. The hair color was something that your father made Yulietta, do to her hair, to make it appear, we’re twins, when we’re not. Her hair’s color is actually twin to a Cossack’s color. So talk on what else you observed from Pavel Palin and his guard, Tikcanni?” 
Pave spoke “I’m some what relieved to hear this but I must leave to home to attend Tamyara who’s still an invalid, recovering from poisoned status Pavel Palin gave her. I’m still furious with Pavel Palin with this poisoning status, onto Tamyara to get rid of her and deprave me of her. My loyalty is towards Tamyara period and no one else.”
Pave is still using Tamyara an excuse to avoid staying with Anastia as he gave Anastia a glare to find her, without a word turning aside in her bed and appeared to be asleep. 
Pave recalled later “I heard a door knocking sound and without a word slammed opens the door and found my father in Tikcanni’s uniform outside, giving me a glare of accusation like he eavesdropped what I said to Anastia herself. Hence she was falling asleep in response to my talk. It figured the room was bugged for listening devices. It also figured that the guards’ reactions to me and standing down was listening devices into their ears to let me pass by Tikcanni.”
Pave gave Tikcanni he figured he’ll refer his father “Excuse me.”
He made a motion to walk by Tikcanni only to feel the male grab his arm. Pave yanked out in a fast move, feeling a prick of pain into his arm via needle dart method. Pave grunted as he found himself sleepiness in response to the needle’s dart into his arm. 
He felt his mind scanned mentally yelled in response despite Tikcanni standing around letting him slip to the floor “My loyalty is towards Tamyara, my mate, who’s mine to do as I pleased!”
He found himself passing out unconscious finding his breathing cut off along with blackness arriving to his eyesight.  

Pave via memories of what happened next told this to the Recorder typing this down. 

Pave felt a hand shaking his shoulder while seated on a soft bed from the feel of it, sleepiness from him. He grunted as his arm whined in pain in response along with feeling himself no longer clad in his clothes. Groaning he found himself clad in nothing while seated onto softness appearing to be a bed from the feel of it. He grunted in response as a hand patted his cheek in an insisting move. Pave jerked open his eyes squinting in the glare of lights’ shining. He found lights shining into his eyes like a glaring light. Pave squirted from the glare and kept on squirming while seated on the bed. He found the lights quit, finding himself in Oceana’s headquarters in an apartment’s spare bedroom, facing Tikcanni, giving him a glare, finding his eyesight were no longer fussy, required glasses like any of the Aquarians needed for land travel. 
Pave snarled angrily “What’s the point of poisoning me?”
Tikcanni spoke in response “Poisoning when it was to put you asleep so you won’t suffer from Han’s Syndrome.”
Han’s Syndrome, involves the loss of a mate, something that’s still traditionally done on Terrania, despite no side effects from the loss but terrible sadness actually. Highlanders have gotten it to their minds that there’s an all body pain of loss of a mate hence they drugging each other after a mate of theirs dies.
Pave snarled angrily despite clawed hands felt restraining him from lashing out onto Tikcanni “What did you do to Tamyara?!”
He struggled against the clawed hands that restrained him from behind he felt were ironclad and a pair of hands from behind as he felt his mind scanned. He found his efforts to free himself anticipated by the mind scanning he sensed. Pave glared at Tikcanni with annoyance running through him. 
He waited as Tikcanni added “You were put to sleep after Tamyara’s poisoning took effect to make her disappeared which a new form of her was created to take her place. The new form is called cloning or clones for more than one. It’s what you are by that mark in your back of a belly button, something I saw from you and never gave you affection in response to answer to your question.”
Pave found his echolocation abilities blocked by the mind scanner holding onto him from behind. He glared at Tikcanni to feel one of his hands thrust behind him to his back to feel a mark of a belly button onto the spinal column area. 
He gave a glare in response and gave up a loud growl as Tikcanni spoke “Just knock him out and put him to sleep this anger of his off.”
He found the hands’ holds off of him to find himself into the Oceana’s headquarters’ jailed cell, finding the bench was broken in pieces including the walls looking like they were scratched with clawed hands. Mostly courtesy of clone of Eric Zesky’s reaction, to being in that jail cell despite the jail cell not fixed up again from his mess. Pave paced back and forth and without a word began punching the walls as if angry. He found the walls cracked underneath his punches in response, to his punching.
“Stop it now!” He got spoken into his mind along with an image of a hooded figure in cloud colored robes of death flashing.
That despite Pave’s mine was mind scanned by a plant nearby on a shelf. Pave quit the punching to obey and waited with arms folded while glaring at the black window showing no one in sight but sensed he spied on. 
He kept the glare and waited as the figure again flashed into his mind “Just use what information you know of your father’s deal with the High Council, humiliate him to admit wrong doing when its possible is.”
Pave didn’t comment a response instead found the door to the room opening showing Yulietta walking inside, he recognized her, despite her hair no longer Anastia’s color. 
He gave Yulietta a glare that thrust him a jumpsuit of orange, she speaking “Put this on. I despise nudity from males when I prefer females in a mating way.”
Pave frowned hearing her admission, obeyed to put on the jumpsuit and got ordered “Come along your father or whatever name he’s going around as has requested you to his residence for a meeting. I’m not privy to the details except he’s humiliated about something.”
Pave obeyed to follow her through Oceana’s headquarters to see siblings in Tikcanni’s bedroom with Tikcanni sitting on the bed holding an unconscious sleeping female’s hand in some loving gesture. The female is recognized as Merra’s daughter, Raisa, or cloned form that was appearing to be unconscious, asleep with redness seen around her eyes and ears. Cloned Raisa’s form indicated a death status by Mindbender using his Berserker’s side in control despite confused to that Mindbender hasn’t been ordered to do that death status. It’s not clear what’s going on with that death status involving Raisa’s clone herself. 
Tikcanni wound up glared by Pave who was feeling himself restrained by the mysterious clawed hands, spoke “I admit to you that Raisa here is the mother of Anastia and son Paul. Pave was just a medical experiment created out of a test by the High Council called cloning, involving copying a living being to form another twin in place, something that was done onto my son, Paul that created Pave, in question.”
Pave heard silence from the siblings and Yulietta but them glaring at him with accusation which he says “I saw Tikcanni posing as Emperor Palin kissing Raisa on a land deck when I was a child his reaction was to send me away. Raisa was seen giving me pity looks instead of that lovely dove status I expected from Father or her I got nothing but rejection. Hence my rudeness of declaration of my father disappeared.”
Tikcanni adds “He’s telling the truth on that talk. He wanted acceptance. I’m not going to apologize for that lack of acceptance towards Pave, in question. I should add that Oksanisa, Raisa’s declared sister, agreed to play figurehead as mother to you, four and as the Empress and as my mate.”
Pave spoke “What about Yulietta being Paul’s child?”
He gave Tikcanni a glare who spoke in response “She’s Paul’s child but she prefers females when it comes to mating instead of pairing herself with a male. This female to female behavior was something I disapproved and made her be Anastia’s twin with the hair color changed. I used that favoritism to make her be Anastia’s twin as a result.”
Pave eyed Yulietta who he noticed gave Tikcanni a glare of accusation as he shifted to eye Tikcanni in response. 
Pave glared as Tikcanni groaned loudly and spoke “I told the truth so remove that sword off my neck now.” 
He heard silence as there was a figure materialized next to Tikcanni with a sword weapon poking his neck there were gasps sounding loudly. Pave heard growling sounding angry from the clawed hands’ owner as the figure next to Tikcanni, he saw, had scaly night colored skin with a barrel shaped mask covering the head that faded from view. Figure appeared to be a Mesan’s Curse via description of Pave’s when he talked to Recorder of this situation. It’s not sure why’s a servant of the High Council was sensed restraining Pave from committing violence against Tikcanni and allowed a Lancelot servant to do his sword poking onto Tikcanni. That despite servants has senses cued to the Lancelot servants via Mesan’s Curse forms to detect and assassinate. Not sure why.  Pave heard a door slam with a bang sound indicating the Lancelot’s traveling doorways way.
This was followed by Tikcanni snarling “I’m not sorry with Pave’s creation and his treatment and Yulietta’s ordered status.”
Pave found the hands’ owner in response removed themselves followed by a door banging sound in a loud slam behind him. It’s indicated the hands’ owner was Mindbender, himself, disgusted, with the scene involving the Lancelot and Tikcanni, despite ordered not to commit violence against either one of them, who left the room. 
Pave wound up turned around to find nothing indicating the hands’ owner as he shifted to glare at Tikcanni in response who snarled adding “Get this Pave out of my sight now, Tank!”
Pave found himself transported to the lobby while hearing a Meritanian’s voice snickering in his mind indicating, Tank the male Meritanian. He exhaled a breath and without a word left the lobby of Oceana’s headquarters. Pave forced himself to walk home to his apartment finding the door balked his hand print’s unlocking status.
“Tamyara is disappeared actually.” He got in his mind via an alien voice sounding alien and creepy to him, via admittance to the Recorder.
Pave found the voice’s owner was a large sized, towering, over him, human male, with a scar mark, of a knife wound, onto his face standing nearby wearing a black jumpsuit that was molded to his form. Pave frowned as the male waved a hand towards him, followed by a bony clawed form forming in place, onto his face showing an extended jaw and fanged teeth, including familiar clawed hands, he saw were bony and clawed. 
Pave marched up towards the male and snarled, despite the male waving his bony hand into his face hand touching on his cheek in some patting move “Just who the depths are you?!”
He got from the male in response sounding in his mind in his creepy, alien, voice, “I’m called Tom Thunder, among the natives of Terrania, but my Assassin Lord titled name is Mindbender. I serve the High Council with undivided loyalties, something you should be doing yourself as well.”
Pave spoke in response “My loyalty is towards Tamyara-“
He was interrupted “Who’s been removed on a permanent basis because of her poisoned status affected her quality of life.”
He gave Tom a glare in response and folded his arms as the male without a word appeared to have willed aside his bony look and gave him a glare with his Human black eyes.
Pave got from Tom in response “Shouldn’t you be back at Oceana’s headquarters where you’re to stay on a permanent basis?”
“Humph Bloody Hades!” Pave spoke in response.
He heard Tom’s laughter as a result as he went to Oceana’s headquarters while thinking to he ignoring his mind scanned at the time “Life is going to be interesting.” 
Pave found he facing the High Council, he assumed was the group after transported to them with Tom felt restraining him from behind, with bony hands. Recorder was able to appear via light show to sit down and open her laptop, to type this scene down. Pave glared at the High Council as the familiar golden eyed Highlander appeared into view with a light show.
The Highlander spoke “What do you have to say involving our offer of serving the Assassin Lord as one of our assassins?”
Pave kept the glare but found his mind still scanned in response mentally spoke “My loyalty is towards Tamyara for giving me acceptance I wanted in the first place.”
He got an image of a male figure wearing a hooded robe of death in cloud colors in his mind saying “You have my respects for I accept you but tell the High Council what they want to hear. They’ll stop pestering you with their requests. Let me handle them now on with what I can do.”
Pave heard the firmness of the covered up male’s voice to speak out loud “You have my loyalty, High Council.”
He added to himself mentally “That’s a promise, Tamyara.”
Pave eyed the High Council with a glare as Tom freed him followed by the male walking into sight to hold up a hand in a Human gesture and saying “Welcome to the High Council as I am the Assassin Lord himself.”
Pave didn’t say a word in response shook hands with Tom but once freed from hand shaking heard from the All Seeing One God, he figured was that male in his mind. “Welcome to Terrania to the employ of Lance Richard deity lord my servant.”
Pave mentally spoke as he eyed the High Council while thinking to himself “My loyalty is still to Tamyara Chennikova and no one else. That’s a promise I aim to keep for her accepting me.”
Pave heard nothing more from his thoughts but paid attention to the High Council issuing their orders with input from the All Seeing One God flashing in his mind. Recorder typed this scene down via admittance of Pave telling her. This happened soon after Pave and Recorder felt a compulsion to get up and go towards each other with hands up. Mindbender was heard growling angrily in response as Pave and Recorder wound up touching hands. Recorder felt an intense charge of pleasure followed by an urge to hug Triton. She obeyed and went to resume her recording the scene via laptop computer. 
Pave was ordered by the High Council “Meritanians transport Triton to a body of water for him to be dumped into safety.”
Meritanians snickering laughter was heard again followed by Pave transported out with disgust seen on his face. Mindbender was seen forming his creepy look of Berserker and waving a clawed bony hand, towards Recorder’s direction with eyes all golden narrowed in a glare of accusation. 
Recorder isn’t sure what Mindbender is pointing out towards her instead spoke “Something I can do for you?”

Recorder admits later that Mindbender threw a hissing fit, according to the Meritanians involving him screaming his head off while on a desert island with the Berserker in control. Not sure why’s he’s throwing that hissing fit in response but Recorder wound up going to medical bay to ask Rana that question.
That question was “Why Tom is’s throwing a hissing fit?” 
Rana seemed rude, in response spoke “Get you out of here before I sicken Bella onto you to feed off of!”
Bella in question is her daughter a drainer parasite that was feeding off of her from inside her that got birthed mysteriously. It’s not known how long a drainer parasite can withstand being inside, a Human female, feeding off of them, followed by birthed. Recorder obeyed to Rana’s order and went to her bedroom, only to get transported to Rhineland’s city of Hartford into a hallway. Recorder felt a compulsion to ring the doorbell, obeyed to meet the exact reason why Mindbender is throwing a hissing fit. 

Recorder met Veronica Thomas aka known as Victoria Montreal who’s Recorder is a clone of via cloning including via Highlander terms too. Ugh, Victoria is paired to Poisoner via Terrania doing it to her and Mindbender, her original lover. Appeared Terrania is punishing Mindbender for assassinations of deaths, he does hence he’s not paired to Victoria, at the moment. Recorder found Poisoner is appearing to look twin to Eric Zesky, by the looks of him, including some water ability to withstand water despite Eric Zesky, himself, having an aversion to water as in poisoning. Recorder wound up visiting Victoria and Eric aka Poisoner, himself, who doesn’t need a dog to counterattack his angry hissing fits. Instead he just gives off roars of anger and doesn’t seem to suffer from blindness, from the looks of it, like Eric Zesky does. Recorder once the visit was done got transported back to the High Council’s home base, in Egyptia, underwater, or in a cave underwater, somewhere don’t care to know. Recorder wound up typing this scene down out of breaks of silence from the High Council, sensed monitoring their creep servant Mindbender’s hissing roaring fit. Bloody Hades! Can’t that creep quit being a four year old with his roaring? He’s childish anyways. Recorder got dismissed by the High Council, type more lately.

Recorder wound up in her bedroom with Pave lying on her bed, not really sleeping. Recorder was just sitting on her armchair till an idea came to her mind to do something mating towards Pave like kissing him on the lips. 

Pave via recordings gave up resistance to the lip kissing till Recorder Tamyara Palina managed to get him into a lip lock. Pave wound up thrusting aside Recorder after their lips were touched and resumed a sleeping position like he was disgusted. Recorder got called to the High Council to report what she’s seen in Pave’s mind. 

Pave’s mind’s contents involved him paired to a gonoid, like doctor, Rana is paired with her cat, as her companion, instead of a humanoid living being. 
Recorder wound up reporting that fact she saying “I including noticing something involving some metallic thrusting of metals not going together when I tried to lip kiss Triton. Not sure what’s going on with that.”
High Council in response said to Meritanians “Transport Triton to some place in the ocean for him to get his companion gonoid pairing done.”
Order wound up obeyed by tracking implant into Triton reporting him in the Antarctica Sea where there’s nothing but the remains of King Winter’s kingdom. 

Pave wound up providing the results of himself in Antarctica Sea:
“I wound up swimming around till I felt like I couldn’t swim anymore so I went to an iceberg and made a motion to get onto it, till something caught onto my leg. I got pulled into the water, only to find my familiar, as she’s called gonoid, an Orca or human terms Killer Whale, playfully tugging onto my leg. 
I wound up playing swimming games with her in the sea till she via voice of mental talk said ‘I have an enough. Go rest for yourself and leave me to get my food to myself.’
I wound up transported by the Meritanians, to the base where I went to report this after I cleaned my appearance up.”
High Council in response spoke “Transport Triton out to where he can get some food and sleep now!”
Recorder tracked Pave via laptop computer to Rhineland’s city of Hartford. Recorder wound up dismissed by the High Council to carry her laptop out of the room into the hallway meeting Mindbender on the way. 

Further files on Triton as found emailed by Lancelot:
Pave while glaring at the female Akylah, recalled, he wound up, introduced to the Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy, via memories of himself, meeting the High Council via a based form underwater nearby Lancelot Nation’s islands. 
Pave recalled “I stupidity didn’t know, I was transported to somewhere in the High Council’s base and left to think for my own thoughts, before giving the words of loyalty.” 
Pave told by that female Akylah “Tamyara receiving High Council help was she was cloned by the High Council with original body poisoned to death.”
Pave’s reaction was to react in anger again using echolocation abilities, including growling angrily. 

Pave wound up given another memory of himself, mating with Tamyara, scanned his mind during his touching her while mating in a gentle move to hear a growl in an angry voice in his mind. Pave heard from the voice in his mind sounding of roaring noises sounding in a furious tone, it was figured it was Tamyara’s voice sounding in his mind. 
Pave at the Recorder’s prodding question “You sure that Tamyara would growl when mating with you?” 
Pave spoke “I didn’t realize that noise was of a Meritanian, kiddy, plant, scanning me and Tamyara, mating with each other and roaring angrily almost giving itself away.” 
Pave leaves without a word from the High Council’s throne room, and forced he to walk home despite the Guardian sounding loudly indicating a snowstorm which he wound up disappearing in a light show. Pave’s tracker indicated Liberation state of USA followed by cut off. He provided the further memories of what happened next.
“I wound up transported to someplace dark and unable to see where I was followed by an oxygen mask placed over my mouth including a needle felt into my neck. I passed out unconscious.”
One memory as seen Pave found himself facing the High Council via their throne room saying “Who’s this All Seeing One God anyway?!”
He gave the High Council a glare as they in response waved hands in some random gesture not signs to him. Pave gave them a glare and waited while wearing his glasses. He kept the glare and waited as the familiar Highlander arrived into sight via light show and spoke “You answered a complication that was plaguing us. The request for answering to the Assassin Lord has been removed. You’re free to go now.”
He found himself back into his apartment with Tamyara no where in sight but figured “She must be in the bedroom.”
Pave found her lying in bed that removed the blanket off her form showing it naked bare of clothes and got from her “Just do what you want since I’ve kept my word I’ll keep my word.”
Pave found that Tamyara without a word found himself obeying to her words stripping himself of his clothes. She was sensed staring at him as she eyed her mate with some oh gesture onto her mouth. He recalled finding his form was changed involving muscles on his front like abs twin to Humans including muscles elsewhere that was twin to Humans instead of a flabby thin look. 
Pave recalling the memory snarled “I was cloned hence this joker mating with Tamyara!”
Pave groan loudly from the memory restoring followed by the Akylah’s leader of Lancelots speaking “What’s with you, Pave Palin on your memories?”
Pave in response spoke “Nothing but just sleep and hope this All Seeing One God of yours helps me out with my problems. I don’t feel like asking the High Council for help because I just remembered that group doing favors to my miserable excuse of a father like a spoiled brat unknowing the consequences. Ugh.”
The leader of the Lancelots, Kirstana Nemany as named wound up speaking “Knock Pave out unconscious for him to sleep off his sickness and his rudeness. Pave’s words were considered rude and inappropriate.” 
He passed out unconscious from his medical issue of not taking in the proper nourishment hence his thin form. 

Pave wound up one time, compelled to go to the Farmers’ market to buy a Meritanian plant that was turned out to be one of Walls’ kids. He took that plant home and wound up urged to water the kiddy plant, including giving it sunlight into the window. 

Pave was given recordings, via the High Council that showed medics of the High Council wound up arriving and implanted a new tracker implant within Pave’s lower back followed by injecting the male with a needle which he passed out unconscious.

Pave wound up transported to the High Council’s home base in Egypt them speaking “Your words of loyalty now!”
Pave on the urging of Recorder’s throat clearing noises despite her mask covering her face mostly around her eyes as the female is typing speaking “You have my loyalty but I want my health to take priority involving my nourishments and breaks from swimming in the water. I think that’s why’s I wound up in the hands of the annoyance god’s minions.”
Recorder’s voice overheard “I have to agree to this statement. I found a file via Lancelots transmitted via email to my laptop computer.”
She spoke loudly towards the High Council “Spies transmitted information to me via email. You want me to read the e-mail’s contents?”
High Council wound up ordering in response “Recorder take Triton to medical bay for a checkup for his health and make sure there’s a record of that email involving Triton’s files saved.”
“Appeared the High Council knows what was on the email which Recorder will do what’s ordered.” Pave heard from her.
Pave wound up figures he’ll refer the female as Recorder to medical bay to meet Rana still carrying that carrying sack around her front indicating her residence cat Pumpkin. 
Recorder told Rana “High Council wants a medical checkup for their records on Triton here.”
Rana wound up saying “Triton, go lie on the bed and let yourself be scanned.”
Rana is saying this with sarcasm indicating she’s not happy with her job as medical doctor or something else. 
“I wasn’t sure of what’s going on with Rana.” Said Pave later to Recorder.
Pave wound up obeying and got his form scanned via scanner a laser light shining overhead him entirely in a fast speed method. 
Once test was done Rana snarled sounding annoyed “Get Triton and yourself out now!”
Pave found himself compelled to obey, obeyed to pass by the creep he calls the dedicated servant of the High Council, dubbed Mindbender, on the way out with Recorder. Creep is a creepy Human with intense black eyes and a knife scar on his face, including an angry scary look on his face bothering him. Pave found himself creep out nervous in Mindbender’s presence like he’s doing something terrible and doesn’t know what it is. 
Pave wound up escorted to Recorder’s room and ordered “Just lie down and sleep since you look like you could use some rest.”
Pave obeying despite sensed lying awake staring at Recorder who spoke after a lengthy staring “Your staring is rude!”
Pave spoke “What does the Lancelots’ file on me say? Just read it out loud for me to figure out what’s going on with me.”
Recorder obeyed reading the email file on Triton aka Pave Palin, as typed by the Lancelots’ recorder of memories. Pave was urged to sleep by the Meritanians blaring into his mind giving off their familiar annoying commentary. Pave passed out unconscious and woke up by the familiar commentary by the Meritanians. He found himself lying in bed alone while finding Recorder asleep on the armchair, like she slept there, instead of sharing the bed with him. He groaned and without a word got up and went to Recorder to kiss her onto the lips only to feel some pressure of metallic metals, blocking his way of description of the pressure. Pave wound up waking her up as a result she giving him an all blacked eyed glare. 
Pave spoke “Sorry, trying to wake you up.”
Recorder in response waved a hand and mentally spoke “Sleep!”
Pave appeared to, collapsed onto the floor and appeared to have fallen asleep. He was seen arching his back multiple times while asleep. Recorder assumes, that the back arching involving All Seeing One God giving Pave, Source abilities, involving eyes changing color to entirely one color. Pave after multiple back arches, quit and appeared to have fallen asleep. Recorder heard snickering laughter into her mind of Walls including Kiddy’s familiar voice of putting her down asleep. Recorder will obey and sleep via armchair despite not willing to lie down onto the bed in fears. It’s in fears of the All Seeing One God giving Recorder, an ability to view scenes into her mind like an All Seeing One, and lose her sanity, hence the armchair sleeping.   

In the morning, Pave wound up finding himself transported to found himself, facing the High Council, he assumed was the group after transported to them with Mindbender felt restraining him from behind with bony clawed hands. Recorder, as seen, was able to appear via light show to sit down and open her laptop. Pave glared at the High Council as the familiar golden eyed Highlander Barry himself appeared into view with a light show.
Barry spoke “What do you have to say involving our offer of serving the Assassin Lord as one of our assassins?”
Pave kept the glare but found his mind still scanned in response mentally spoke “My loyalty is towards Tamyara for giving me acceptance I wanted in the first place.”
He got an image of a male figure wearing a hooded robe of death in cloud colors in his mind saying “You have my respects for I accept you but tell the High Council what they want to hear. They’ll stop pestering you with their requests. Let me handle them now on with what I can do.”
Pave heard the firmness of the covered up male’s voice to speak out loud “You have my loyalty, High Council.”
He added to himself mentally “That’s a promise, Tamyara.”
Pave eyed the High Council with a glare as Mindbender freed him followed by the male walking into sight to hold up a hand in a Human gesture and saying “Welcome to the High Council as I am the Assassin Lord, himself.”
Pave didn’t say a word in response shook hands with Mindbender feeling the male crunched his hand in response in a tight grip and giving him a teeth baring glare. 
Teeth’s baring is speaks for “I’ll fight you if you don’t do my way of what I want.”
Once freed from hand shaking heard from the All Seeing One God he figured was that male in his mind “Welcome to Terrania to the employ of Lance Richard, deity lord, my servant.”
Pave mentally spoke as he eyed the High Council while thinking to himself “My loyalty is still to Tamyara Chennikova and no one else. That’s a promise I aim to keep for her accepting me.”
Pave heard nothing more from his thoughts but paid attention to the High Council issuing their orders with input from the All Seeing One God flashing in his mind. Recorder as seen, wound up typed this scene down via admittance of Pave, telling her, after she gave him a glare of accusation. This happened soon after Pave and Recorder felt a compulsion to get up and go towards each other with hands up. Mindbender was heard growling angrily in response as Pave and Recorder wound up touching hands which he felt an intense charge of pleasure followed by an urge to hug Recorder. He obeyed followed by Recorder resuming her laptop typing which he stood facing the High Council. 
Pave was ordered by the High Council “Meritanians, transport Triton to a body of water for him to be dumped into safety.”
Meritanians snickering laughter was heard again followed by Pave transported out as he was dumped onto Rana’s medical bay to find Rana kissing her cat Pumpkin on the snout while holding the kitty in her arms. 
She wound up putting the cat into a sling on her front and then spoke rudely “What’s with you here?”
Pave spoke “High Council ordered me dumped into a body of water but the Meritanians transported me to here. Not sure why.”
Rana gave up a sound of disgust heard by Pave. 
She spoke “The High Council wants me to scan you for medical issues before you’re transported to a body of water to do your job.”
Groaning Pave obeyed to get onto a bed and waited as Rana got the laser’s light flashing over him. 
He found her saying “Enough of that test! Go dump Triton somewhere where he can swim!”
Pave heard snickering like laughter in response and got up from the bed to find Mindbender standing in the doorway to medical bay with his eyes black and creepy narrowed in a glare. Pave gulped as Mindbender formed his creepy look of bony clawed hands while waving a clawed bony hand towards his direction with eyes all golden, narrowed, in a glare of accusation. 
Pave wasn’t sure what Mindbender is pointing out towards him, instead spoke “Something I can do for you?”
Pave got himself passing out unconscious to hit the floor feeling nothing but sleepiness hitting him. 
Pave later told by Rana “Mindbender actually knocked you out unconscious despite trying some mental ability involving disappearance onto you. The ability didn’t appear to work onto you, so he ordered you to sleep which you passed out unconscious. Mindbender wound up indicating he’s afraid of cats by him kneeling and willing aside his Berserker’s side after Pumpkin stuck his head out of the sling and meowed in some questioning tone. Mindbender wound up looking like he was nervous of the cat and giving me, a pleading expression. I wound up ordering Mindbender out of medical bay after I thrust Pumpkin’s head into the sling which he got up and ran out like scared. His scared attitude towards cats indicated he’s got the same fear like what the High Council has towards cats.”
Pave wound up dumped into Recorder’s bedroom via transportation. He wound up waking up in Recorder’s bedroom find Recorder typing onto laptop onto the bed with laptop onto his chest and she had her eyes all black like she was furious with something.
Pave woke up and spoke “What’s going on with you and Mindbender?”
Recorder in response spoke “Just sleep!”
Pave heard her tone sounded like she was furious with something and not going to say what it was. Groaning he obeyed to shut his eyes and laid with eyes shut while feeling the vibrations of Recorder’s typing onto the laptop rapid fired pace. Pave frowned but didn’t comment a response instead remained laying there waiting for Recorder to speak further. He found Recorder typing onto the laptop rapid fired pace like she was still angry about something. He frown eyeing Recorder who kept on typing followed by her giving him a glare of black eyes narrowed. 
Pave sighed and forced his eyes shut which he heard “I met Veronica Thomas aka known as Victoria Montreal who I, a clone of via cloning, including a piece of a Highlander dubbed Tamyara Palina, excuse me for that name, but that’s what’s she’s referred officially, too. I’m officially referred as Recorder, otherwise known as Tamyara Palina. Ugh, Victoria is paired to Poisoner via Terrania doing it to her and Mindbender her original lover. Appeared Terrania is punishing Mindbender for assassinations of deaths he does, hence he’s not paired to Victoria at the moment. I found Poisoner is appearing to look twin to some male named Eric, by the looks of him including some water ability to withstand water despite Eric himself having an aversion to water as in poisoning. I wound up visiting Victoria and Eric aka Poisoner himself, who doesn’t need a dog to counterattack his angry fits. Instead he just gives off roars of anger and doesn’t seem to suffer from blindness from the looks of it like Eric does. I once the visit was done got transported back to the High Council’s home base in Egypt State underwater or in a cave underwater somewhere don’t care to know.”
Pave kept his mouth shut in response as Recorder continued onto typing onto the laptop rapid fired paced followed by her speaking “I wound up typing this scene down out of breaks of silence, from the High Council, sensed monitoring their creep servant, Mindbender’s roaring fit. Bloody Hades! Can’t that creep quit being a four year old with his roaring? He’s childish anyways.”
Pave sighed and didn’t comment a response towards Recorder’s commentary insulting towards Mindbender. He remained lying in bed with Recorder typing onto the laptop seemingly lengthy till she gave a sound of disgust and removed the thing off his chest. He sighed and eyed her as she went to the armchair and plunked the laptop down onto the table nearby followed by exchanging eye wear masks for another mask and appeared to be sitting leaning back asleep via armchair. Pave groaned and heard silence from Recorder. 
He found another Meritanian plant in the room he figured was either Walls or Kiddy’s offspring that spoke mentally “Get some sleep while you wait for orders from the High Council.”
Pave found himself knocked out unconscious by the kiddy plant saying the Meritanian’s commentary wording “Nighty night smarty!”
Pave passed out unconscious to come to finding something of pressure onto his front despite clad in a blue jumpsuit while with lying on a bed. He felt legs straddling him on the front including hands touching his cheeks into some gesture moves that felt like the female he felt was about to kiss him on the lips. Pave sensed his mind scanned at the time from the female trying to kiss him which he placed a hand over his mouth and opened his eyes. 
He found Recorder straddling his front that spoke “Just let me kiss you!”
Pave in response gave up resistance to the lip kissing as in shaking his head no. He found Recorder flaring all black eyes in response and putting a hand palm touching onto his forehead making him surrender to the kissing method. Recorder, he saw to his annoyance managed to get him into a lip lock. Recorder felt a compulsion hitting her as she kissed him on the lips that felt like something was thrusting between their kiss. The thrusting move felt like magnetic metals balking touching each other despite the wrong side to touch. Pave wound up thrusting aside Recorder after their lips were touched and resumed a laying position with his eyes open giving her, a glare of annoyance. It’s recalled the hand touch only involved sexual means between couples that weren’t paired together via fated methods. 
Recorder heard Walls speaking in mind “Recorder, I insisted that you got called to the High Council to report what you’ve seen in Triton’s mind.” 
Recorder found herself transported to the High Council with others, appearing in a light show. Pave, as seen, got up from the floor of stone and glared at the High Council with annoyance within him.
“I wound up realizing they played a joke trick onto me involving who I was paired to, to my disgust to get me into servitude to annoy my father.” 
Recorder got from the speaker “Says what did you see in Triton’s mind, Recorder?”
“Triton’s mind’s contents involved him paired to a gonoid like doctor Rana is paired with her cat as her companion instead of a humanoid living being.”
Recorder add saying “I including noticing something involving some metallic thrusting of metals, for magnets not going together when I tried to lip kiss Triton. Not sure what’s going on with that.”
High Council in response said to Meritanians “Transport Triton to some place in the ocean for him to get his companion gonoid pairing done.”
Recorder found Pave’s tracker indicated him, transported to Antarctica Sea where there were just floats of ice bergs floating around all over the place. 
Pave via talk “I wound up swimming around confused, till I felt like I couldn’t swim anymore. I went to an iceberg and made a motion to get onto it till something caught onto my leg as in a mouth biting around the area into a jerking method. The mouth’s jerking got me pulled into the water, only to find my familiar as she’s called gonoid, an Orca, or human terms, Killer Whale, playfully tugging onto my leg.”
Pave wound up hearing from the Orca, saying in his mind “I’m called Ramia and this is my domain where I live in the ocean. I recognized you as a water breather named Pave Palin, son of Emperor Palin, mate of the first Ramia, Raisa herself. Welcome to my kingdom, Pave.”
Pave wound up playing swimming games with Ramia in the sea till her via voice of mental talk said “I have an enough. Go rest for yourself and leave me to get my food to myself.”
Pave found himself wound up transported by the Meritanians to the base where he was ordered by the High Council “Report on your gonoid friend in Antarctica Sea.”
He obeyed then went to clean his appearance up via his own apartment in Hartford as transported to there.
He found his familiar plant sitting on the table that snickered “Ooh Pave’s got a fish friend.”
Pave snarled angrily “She’s not a fish but a whale!”
He gave the plant a glare who spoke “Just does something about your appearance being wet all over.”
Pave grunted and without a word obeyed to exchange his clothes to another jumpsuit that was clean and dry including transported back to the High Council to his disgust. He gave the group a glare in response.
High Council in response spoke “Transport Triton out to where he can get some food and sleep now!”
Pave found himself transported to Rhineland’s city of Hartford back to his apartment. He growled an annoyed sound and without a word prepared a meal of food which he gobbled up finding himself terribly hungry from the pan. 
Pave once he was done, got ordered by the plant “Go outside and walk! You need the exercise!”
He grunted and without a word obeyed to carry his wallet. 
The High Council who spoke “Report on what you saw from Mindbender when you left your residence on our orders.”
Pave spoke “I went to the stairwell meeting Mindbender on the way up who looked like he was smirking about something, making me think he was up to something, while out as walked down the stairs.” 
Pave found himself transported to the High Council who was watching a scene of something via screen airless projection force field. Pave felt disgust seeing the scene showed he lying on the bed as Recorder was seen entering the room that did a double take look seeing him on the bed. Pave stiffened as he saw himself appeared to not see Recorder entering the room to realize with a start that the male was Paul Palin, his brother, who’s blind now from his sicknesses taking control. He gulped as Recorder wound up sitting in armchair and typing down onto her laptop as if confused to why Pave, is in her room, instead of elsewhere. Paul onto Recorder’s bed wound up heard giving off a sound of disgust, followed by sounding not like Pave but different to himself.
“Shouldn’t you be asleep?” Paul said.
Recorder cleared her throat as heard and spoke firmly “You got a name?”
“Paul Palin” Paul spoke. 
Recorder spoke in response “Your Pave Palin’s brother?”
A look of disgust was seen on Paul’s face that appeared to not be looking at Recorder instead cocked his head like he was listening via ears. Recorder appeared to notice his eyes were entirely black seemed to realize that Paul was blinded by something. He exhaled a breath as Recorder got up from the armchair carrying her laptop and went to Paul putting it onto the bed’s dresser followed by straddling Paul. He sighed figuring out that Recorder was going to get into a lip kissing mood onto Paul. Pave watched as his hunch was correct, followed by Recorder lip kissing Paul, who both appeared to indicate nothing involving magnetic metal thrusting methods for wrong sides of metals for the lip kissing. He sighed seeing Recorder was appearing to be the chosen one for Paul to have as his mate. Paul’s response he saw to that lip kiss wound up feeling Recorder all over the place including not sparing her breasts like he was blind. Pave found Paul was accompanied by a gonoid that gave off barking sounds and got onto the bed during their lip kiss. The lip kiss he saw he recalled kissing that Orca on the snout felt not like the metallic metal resistance instead felt like he connected to kiss fully. 
Pave figured to himself “Hence it’s assumed that Mindbender’s smirk involving him finally paired to Victoria Montreal with the lip kissing providing wrong between Poisoner and his female, Bloody Hades!”
He found the scene above shifting to show Mindbender into a hallway walking towards a door with a smirk on his face him forming a glare while ringing a doorbell. The recorders showed Mindbender willing forwards his Berserker’s side as called and getting the door opened followed by darting into the apartment towards two figures, he saw was a male and female trying to lip kiss, while seated onto a couch. Pave exhaled a breath seeing Poisoner for the first time, he saw was a male with dark night sky skin and golden eyes and night sky hair that had gloves covering his hands that seemed clawed to him. He glared at Poisoner in response to see Mindbender using some mental ability got Poisoner to fly up into the air towards the males out stretched hand. Pave wound up seeing Poisoner flipping himself into an acrobatic move towards Mindbender. He saw that Mindbender in response lowered his hand followed by Poisoner landing down feet first and giving off roaring hissing fits sounding of hissing noises.
He heard from Poisoner “Rana is mine! Victoria is yours!”
Mindbender in response willed aside his Berserker look as Pave saw as Victoria Montreal, he saw was a Human female appearing to look purebred Human to him that landed onto the male and kissed him onto the lips. He saw Mindbender and Victoria kissing each other like they connected via magnetic metals indicating the right side. Pave heard sounds of disgust from the High Council followed by the scene turning off showing a blank screen which he gave the group a glare and waited for their next orders. 
He glared as he heard from the Speaker saying “Says Meritanians transport Triton out to his home to get rest for himself now!”
Pave found himself transported to medical bay to find Rana again slobbering onto the kitty, he saw was busy kissing that cat onto the snout and saying “You’re so cute!”
Pave spoke “Excuse me want me to leave?”
He found Rana in response giving him a glare and putting Pumpkin back into her sling that thrust out paws into some playful move despite completely covered. 
He gave her a glare and waited as she got up and spoke “Go lie down onto the bed for scanning now!”
Pave obeyed to hear a loud Humph from Rana followed by her saying “Your fine physically for now, so get out of here and leave me with my cutesy cat, Pumpkin to slobber kisses onto.”
Pave without a word obeyed and walked out of the medical bay to stand in the doorway seeing Rana sitting at her desk pulling out Pumpkin and again gave the cat kisses onto the snout ignoring him watching her. He saw her appeared to have no trouble with the connection to the kissing onto the cat that appeared to tolerate that behavior fine. Pave sighed and without a word left the medical bay and found he floating in the air while hearing snickering laughter of the Meritanians sounding into his mind. He found himself floating above the ocean that suspiciously looked like Pacifica Ocean, in the sea of Oceana’s island of Maria dubbed Tasmania, by Humans near the Antarctica Seas. He frowned as he splashed into the ocean and found himself breathing water fine to swim towards the surface. He reached the surface to feel a familiar tugging onto his right leg to find Ramia pulling him playfully down into the ocean.
He heard her mental voice sounding like a little girl “Play with me, Pave!”
Pave obeyed to play games with Ramia including allowing her to push him via her snout nose onto his feet through the water with his hands wide at his sides. He smiled from the game of that till Ramia pushed he out of the water into the air and he heard snickering laughter from the Meritanians. Pave found himself landing onto a bed from the feel of his feet bouncing onto it including finding himself in his apartment, in Hartford, in Rhineland. 
He sighed and found his plant, Wally, in his living room sitting there that spoke to him mentally “The High Council will make Ramia serve them like they make people serve them without any choice of that servitude.”
Groaning, Pave went into his shower facilities to shower off the ocean’s stink including exchanging his jumpsuit for a clean and dry one. 
He got out of the bathroom to walk to the kitchen unit to find Wally still sitting on his window still that spoke “I need water.”
Sighing he got a mug of water and poured it over Wally who added “Thank you! That’s something you won’t be getting from the High Council who’ll expect people to do things without a thank you thanking.”
Pave formed disgust and without a word placed the mug onto the window still and went to prepare him a meal of omelet with vegetables included. He ate from the pan hungrily then once done placed the pan into the sink. Pave went to the futon his only sleeping bed, in the living room of the one room apartment, with a hallway, leading to closets and bathroom facilities, including a wall of kitchen unit. 
He frowned sitting onto the bed thinking to himself “What am I supposed to do now?”
Pave heard a doorbell ringing found his door was ringing its bell. He went to the door to yank open finding himself thrust a furry form into his chest, he gripped including finding Rana at the door. Pave frowned as Rana without a word walked off leaving him with Pumpkin into his chest that rumbled vibrations of purring. Pave found items scattered in the hallway that indicated on cat’s care. He placed Pumpkin into a crook of his arm and with his free left hand took the items into his apartment. Pave shut the door and heard Pumpkin giving off a mew sounding like a question to him. Groaning he placed Pumpkin down onto the floor and went to prepare the apartment for cat’s living finding a pamphlet on caring for an indoor kitty. Pave without a word got the apartment prepared for Pumpkin to live in. He found Pumpkin hiding behind the futon in the corner that gave a meow sounding furiously angry to him. Groaning Pave laid he, onto the futon and adjusted his blanket to cover his form and shut his eyes figuring to himself that sleep would be best till he’s called to serve again. Pave passed out unconscious to come to feeling a vibration of a cat sitting onto his chest purring away. He opened one eye and eyed Pumpkin that meowed into some pleading tone. Pumpkin, he eyed got up and licked his face including his mouth he finding nothing involving magnetic metals’ thrusting. 
Sighing he spoke loudly “This doesn’t work onto gonoids does it?”
Pave heard nothing in response but Pumpkin giving off another meow and pawing his face which he got up grabbing the cat that squirmed into his arms. He placed the cat down onto the floor that went to the food bowls that appeared to be empty of foods and found the cat meowing in pleading tones. Pave sighed and fed the cat dry food finding the food didn’t include any wet foods as provided by Rana. Groaning he eyed the time on the clock finding it was early morning around four o’clock in the morning, despite sleeping since seven o’clock in the evening. Pave resumed sleeping onto his bed and again woke up feeling himself floating into the air. He found himself dumped into the ocean to his disgust only to sense Ramia in vicinity that squealed into his mind of joyful sounds. He found Ramia playfully tugging his leg by pulling him down into the ocean and then let go to push him feet into the water. 
Pave obeyed to play games with Ramia till she ended the play by declaring to him “I’m hungry! I’m going to get food! Handle yourself!”
Pave swam up towards the surface and broke through, to find a fin nearby that appeared to belong to a man eating shark dubbed Great White. 
He stiffened as the fin made a beeline towards him as he mentally yelled “Ramia or Meritanians! Get me out of here away from that shark!”
Pave heard into his mind in response “No fair for Ramia to have fun playing while I don’t!” in a male voice.
He exhaled a breath finding the fin was belonging to a Great White that appeared to instead of biting him, played a game of pushing him and his body into the water including via surface. 
Pave frowned as he played games with the shark and without a word towards the fin got told “Names Finland, as dubbed. Don’t ask me why’s that’s my name. Excuse me while I go find food.”
Pave found the shark swimming elsewhere as he found himself dumped into his futon into his one room apartment. He found Pumpkin getting onto his shoulder and sniffing his head into some nose method making him, annoyed. Pave without a word, found Pumpkin chewing onto his hair. He removed the kitty and stomped into his bathroom to clean the fishy smell off of him. Pave, once he was done clad into his underwear that was just a bathing suit went to the futon and laid his form down shutting his eyes feeling himself exhausted from the playing with gonoids. He felt Pumpkin getting onto his front purring motorboat felt that lulled him to pass out unconscious.

Recorder went to her bedroom, a cave in the wall, with a curtain for a door, to find Pave inside, lying onto her bed to her confusion. Recorder wound up sitting in armchair and typing this down, as if confused to why Pave’s in her room instead of elsewhere like what his tracker said. The male onto Recorder’s bed and not Pave wound up giving off a sound of disgust, followed by sounding not like Pave, but different to Recorder.
“Shouldn’t you be asleep?” the male said.
Recorder cleared her throat and spoke firmly “You got a name?”
“Paul Palin.” The male spoke. 
Recorder spoke in response “Your Pave Palin’s brother?”
A look of disgust was seen on Paul’s face that appeared to not be looking at Recorder instead cocked his head, like he was listening via ears. Recorder noticed his eyes were entirely black and realized that Paul was blinded by something, as she felt a compulsion to go to the bed and give him a lip kiss.

Paul’s response to that lip kiss wound up feeling Recorder all over the place including not sparing her breasts like he was blind. Recorder found Paul was accompanied by a gonoid that gave off barking sounds and got onto the bed during our lip kiss. The lip kiss felt not like the metallic metal resistance instead felt like we connected to kiss fully. Hence it’s assumed that Mindbender’s smirk involving him finally paired to Victoria Montreal, with the lip kissing providing wrong, between Poisoner and his female. Ugh assumed that.

Recorder found that Paul and she stripped each other of clothes despite the dog sensed jumping all over the place. There was a metallic thrusting feeling blocking our way of intercourse, despite sexual urges, deflated after we both succeeded in the mating. Paul felt not right when we mated or tried to mate.
Paul after this thrusting was felt spoke “Just give me my clothes now. We’re not destined for us.”
Recorder obeyed to get up from the bed and handed Paul, his clothes, he appearing to put them on like he could see, despite blinded. Recorder wound up putting onto her clothes then resumed going to the armchair to type onto her laptop. 

Recorder wound up interrupted by Walls saying into her mind “High Council requests Recorder’s presence now!”
Recorder obeyed to find the Meritanians balked transporting her instead gave up snickering like laughter like they told a joke to her disgust. Recorder wound up finding Paul appearing to be asleep on the bed, ignoring her. Recorder without a word got up and went to the High Council’s throne room, only to find the blast doors down and there was some squeaking noise, sounding dimly via the doors like there was an emergency involving the doors down. 
Recorder figured to her “I might as well sit down and type.”

Blast doors opened when Recorder sat down to type finding no one in sight but the High Council’s robes looking deflate to her. Recorder wound up to frown, hearing nothing in mind, from the High Council despite repeatedly, saying hello, over and over, including via voice. A loud Humph interrupted Recorder’s hello noises, to find Rana, in sight with Pumpkin her cat into her sling, she looking annoyed. 
Recorder wound up sitting down typing till Rana was heard, speaking “What do you expect me to do since the High Council expired itself by Mindbender’s screaming four year old fit?”
Recorder gulped hearing that from Rana and felt sorry for the High Council till there was silence in answer to Rana’s talking question. Recorder heard humming noises that sounded like chanting, hissing language to her getting louder and louder. Recorder looked up in time to spot Lancelots, with their masks of the sun and twin High Council robes, enters the room, still humming their hissing language and without a word, towards Rana and Recorder, went to the disappeared High Council members. Each Lancelot member wound up slinging, each High Council member over their shoulders and then without a word walked out of the room, still humming away. The High Council’s speaker appeared into a light show with a glare on his face, followed by bowing his head. Recorder heard rumbling noises to find the door behind the thrones, sliding open, followed by the High Council, or new version, came into the room, still clad in their blood colored robes of death and went to sit down. Recorder didn’t say a word in response to the new High Council, instead, went to sit down waiting for recording orders.

Speaker spoke “Says reports, Recorder, on you’re witnessed, mating attempt, with Paul Palin.”
Recorder said in response “The mating felt like metallic thrusting when we attempted to get ourselves fully into each other. The sexual urge left us, after we succeeded in getting ourselves into each other. Paul and I agreed to halt the mating attempt and resumed wearing clothes, ignoring each other.”
Recorder waited for the High Council’s speaker to speak, something else, instead got from Rana in response “Recorder is telling the truth on that. I suffered the same metallic thrusting resistance when I tried to mate with Poisoner. We succeeded in getting ourselves into each other but the mating urge didn’t continue after that. Instead the mating via ourselves felt not right or suitable to us. The mating felt wrong like it wasn’t proper, after that was done, we tried to kiss each other onto the lips but again felt a metallic thrusting resistance. I think Edenia is resuming orbit again and manipulating things. I noticed the moon in the sky looked odd and not like its familiar deadness status instead, indicated something else. Hence I am assuming that moon’s Edenia’s new version of orbiting.”
Recorder wound up typing in response “Interesting.”
Recorder waited for the High Council’s speaker to say something looked up to find the High Council going into a discussion and seemed lengthy, with that despite the Speaker kept glancing up, with a glare of accusation aimed at Rana. Recorder glanced at Rana to notice she was angry about something, by her glare on her face and eyes glaring at the floor, instead of towards the High Council. Recorder wound up typing this down out of waiting for anyone to speak. 

“Says Meritanians transport Rana to Mindbender now, and get him to calm down from his hissing fit.” said speaker after a lengthy silence.
Recorder heard snickering like laughter in response followed by a loud noise, vibrating via her skull, making her teeth chatter, to find Mindbender in the room with his Berserker in control. Rana via glances was seen, jumping onto Mindbender and appeared to be kissing the Assassin on the lips, despite his fanged teeth and extended jaw. Vibration was felt quit followed by Mindbender appearing to will aside his Berserker side and kissing Rana in the lips, some lengthy kiss that seemed long. Recorder without a word felt annoyed with the kissing face ritual, till a light show, indicated Barry, the All Seeing One, minion of the High Council and Compeller appeared. Recorder heard Barry speaking compeller’s talk to notice Rana and Mindbender break off the kiss, followed by the assassin kneeling, in the High Council’s presence. Rana was seen wiping her mouth via sleeve of her jacket, involving medical doctor’s wear. Recorder again heard Barry speaking his familiar Compeller’s language sounding of some useless language, she’s not sure she can identify. 
“No I haven’t heard anything on the High Council since I’ve done my screaming four year old fit.” As heard from Mindbender.
Barry was heard using Basic language “The High Council expired, or as in disappeared from your screaming fit.”
Recorder figured that the High Council, the newest version, would punish Mindbender for his screaming fit. Recorder found Barry speaking gibberish language followed by Mindbender removing his clothes and she glanced up to see Rana looking at Mindbender’s back right where the mark of cloning is. Recorder saw Rana doing a double take look, like she was shocked to see Mindbender’s back, followed by him disappearing into a light show. 
Barry was heard speaking compeller’s chatter followed by Rana speaking “Mindbender had markings onto his back that was in Highlander’s language said ‘This is the one.’
I saw nothing involving a cloning mark onto his back in question.”
Recorder stiffened hearing that from Rana to glance up towards Barry with a glare eyes all black, with Source in control. 
Barry in response spoke in basic “I transported him to where he could get knocked out to be asleep, into the healing pools that Triton has been babbling about involving medical bay-“
“What healing pool is that Barry?” Rana heard, interrupting him.
Barry via glance was seen giving Rana a glare of “Confess your crime.”
Recorder wound up looking at Rana in response followed by her speaking “That healing pool in question is a lava hot spring pool that heats up victims from cold suffering and doesn’t do anything to heal them, instead gives them a terrible itchy skin and puts them asleep. I have to medically remove them from the pool, onto a bed, for them to lie asleep, resting from their coldness till their warmed up to are wakened up.”
Recorder in response got Barry speaking gibberish followed by a light show with Mindbender lying asleep onto the floor onto his back. 

Recorder and Rana wound up forced by Barry’s compeller’s talk to put Mindbender onto his stomach and hold him up to show his back, to the High Council. Recorder noticed Mindbender did have that Highlander’s language onto his back, including an absence of clones having a belly button, onto their backs onto the spinal column area, low, near the seating area. Recorder once freed from the job wound up hearing Barry speaking compeller’s chatter to find Rana and Mindbender disappearing into a light show and assumed both were transported to medical bay. Recorder went to her laptop to type this down till someone staring at her is sensed annoying her.

Recorder wound up stared at by Barry, giving her a golden eyed glare which she spoke “Something I can do for you, Barry?”
Barry in response spoke compeller’s chatter which Recorder found herself folding laptop in half and walking out of High Council’s throne room, to medical bay to sit onto a bed ignored by Rana doing medical work onto original Mindbender and not a cloned copy. Recorder glanced up from her work of typing onto laptop to find Rana managed to sit down via desk despite Pumpkin seen tummy sitting and she appeared to look relieved to her. Recorded eyed Mindbender, the original of copies, to find the male looked like he was asleep and breathing deeply to her. Recorder found Rana in response, ignoring her staring at the medical doctor for in response, put head down onto desk and appeared to have fallen asleep. Recorder out of curiosity went to Mindbender to eye and see without touching. Mindbender from the looks of him, had a muscular moron form of a muscle bound idiot, including a face of Tom Thunder but appeared to have longer hair in a long style instead of short. Recorder heard a meow and found Pumpkin onto her shoulder sniffing her ear. Groaning Recorder figured that it was best to sleep took Pumpkin off her shoulder and placed the kitty onto Mindbender’s front that appeared to ignore the kitty. Pumpkin was seen curling into a ball asleep onto Mindbender’s front as Recorder without a word went to a bed and sat onto it typing via laptop.
“Nighty night Smarty!” Recorder heard from Walls blaring into her mind.
This is followed by sleepiness, so Recorder will type more lately, at another time.

The High Council is currently residing on planet Terra, also known as Terrania, but really known formerly as the Human’s Home world, Earth. Tom, as seen, kneeled in front of the High Council with the group wearing blood red robes that were busy in a discussion via their gloved black arms and hands waving in random gestures that weren’t sign language. Tom as he referred himself a clone of the original Tom left behind, in planet Shadan, soon after the High Council took the skies, on the compelling orders of a compeller female dubbed Georgina Visser. She was a clone of the original Georgina Visser from planet Terrania. It’s recalled that the cloned copy of Georgina Visser, was created to know what historical documentary was for the planet Earth, including Terrania, when Edenia, the moon world, orbited the planet. Tom heard a click sound, including a sound of disgust to sense the minion of the Assassin Lord’s called Triton, assassin of the water, had appeared onto the transportation order of the High Council, doing it, to the Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy. He didn’t need to look to sense that Pavel Pave Palin, as Triton referred himself, was disgusted being in the presence of the High Council. He waited for the High Council’s speaker, clad in blue armored clothes and all blue eyes, to raise his bald head and speak for the High Council which Tom didn’t have long to wait. 
He found the Speaker raising his head and speaking in a monotone, bored, voice “Says Mindbender, what do you have to say about the incident earlier, hmm?”
Tom felt disgusted recalling the incident as compelled via Meritanian’s mind, scanning involving him throwing a hissing, screaming fit, with the Berserker in control, while in front of the High Council, with the Meritanians heard, snickering into his mind, in response to his loud noises. Tom kept the glare as there was another click sound behind him, followed by a cat’s meow heard, making him nervous to hear. He recalled the meow sound belonged to Rana, the medical doctor, his planetary mate despite he declaring another as his via kissing method. He heard a soft Humph sound, behind him despite his sensitive part aching to thrust into a familiar female he sensed, was Rana behind him. Tom kept the bow and ignored the speaker’s question as he waited for Barry to show himself for compelling him, to speak his answer. He didn’t have long to wait as Barry appeared in a light show, clad in red hooded robes with hood covering the head that removed it showing a Human male, with golden eyes that were in a glare aimed at him. Tom heard gibberish spoken from Barry, followed by he compelled to speak.
“I’m upset that I wasn’t paired to Victoria despite paired to Rana.” He found himself speaking in his hypnotic voice tone.
Tom clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as Barry put the hood back over his head and then removed the hood while giving the High Council a glare. He ignored the glare Barry gave him, as the male continued speaking gibberish, language of a Compeller.
Tom found himself speaking “I haven’t gotten the faintest idea of what happened to the High Council, after I started my screaming, four year old baby fit.”
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and got Barry in response speaking in Basic, the High Council’s official language, also dubbed English, by the Humans of Terrania “The High Council group after you started screaming for a bit, disappeared as in expired and a new group was formed in its place. You’ll be punished soon enough for that expiration of the group.”
Tom groaned softly hearing that while hearing Rana’s soft Humph behind him. He heard Pave as he wishes to call him self’s sound of disgust behind him. Tom didn’t say a word in response as Barry spoke his further gibberish found himself stripping himself of his clothes, till he was clad only in his underwear garment of a bathing suit. Tom recalled that the High Council insisted on bathing suits, be worn as underwear garments underneath clothes. He stood with his clothes off his form and waited as Barry spoke further gibberish which he found himself floating in the air, landing into water that was warm and appeared to make him itchy all over. Tom found himself transported out of the water into the air despite itchy all over. This was followed by he caught by clawed hands that felt familiar to the Falcons via feel. He found the clawed hands’ owners belonged to two male Akylahs, Human’s versions of bird people, despite human like faces and no beaked face or mouth. He glared in annoyance as the Akylahs, both males, hauled him out of the city’s water fountain he landed into, he saw was some water fountain followed by hauling him into a building. He glimpsed the city as Atlanta in the nation of Rhineland that was formerly the Humans’ European’s continent nations of Germany, Netherlands, France and Switzerland, to all jointly called Rhineland. He felt annoyance take hold as he was hauled into the building, to the lobby of the Lancelot’s leader Kirstana Nemany, a clone of the original Akylah leader of the nation of Americania that was formerly Canada another ocean away. 
He felt annoyance take hold as the Akylahs got him into the stairwell and hauled him down the stairs despite, he thinking “Where are they taking me?”
Tom found his answer in response, to find him taken to the brig where he was chained with arms above his head, including whipped onto the back by someone unseen. He felt annoyed with the punishment of the High Council dumping him onto the annoyance god, Lance Richard’s followers, the Lancelot, group to be whipped. 
Tom heard “Enough!” sounding in a female voice tone sounding of Lancelot’s followers’ hissing language of Americanian, sounding.
He found the voice’s speaker was Kirstana Nemany herself, who he noticed, didn’t seem concerned to be in the presence of him, as an assassin. Tom figured to himself that his dumping involved dumped into a sacred pool, for the Lancelots in Rhineland, hence the whipping. 
He formed a glare and waited as Kirstana added, in hissing language “Meritanians, dump this idiot where he belongs now, since the High Council insists on this punishment!”
Tom exhaled a breath to find his wrists freed followed by folding his arms and giving Kirstana a glare, as he was again dumped into stone floor, he found himself again facing the High Council. He again bent into his kneeling pose, despite wincing, when his back whined in pain. He heard snickering like laughter from the two main Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy, and figured that they told a joke again. He found himself again dumped into Medical Bay where Rana was there slobbering kisses onto her kitty cat, Pumpkin she calls him, despite dumping the gonoid onto Triton at his Atlanta residence. He groaned from the feeling of intense fear while in presence of the cat. Tom cleared his throat loudly and got Rana thrusting the cat into a covered sling around her chest that the kitty thrust out paws, in some playful mood. He groaned despite his sensitive part again felt like thrusting in presence of Rana who got up without a word and thrust a finger to a bed. He obeyed to lie onto the bed onto his side despite wincing, from the pain of his back. 
Tom wound up thrust onto his back via Rana, with force, as she snarled “lie on your back, quit being a four year old, whining in pain from the whipping!”
“So she knows what happened to Me.” he thought to himself as he obeyed.
Tom didn’t comment a response only grimaced in pain as Rana got the scanner followed by its laser traveling up and down his body. He grunted as the laser quit followed by Rana straddling him with sling holding cat gone from her. Exhaling a breath Tom didn’t say a word in response as Rana stripped him of the bathing suit it clung to his skin that was hairless of any hair, on his body except for his eyebrows and head of hair. Tom grunted from that in pain and didn’t comment a response as Rana managed to adjust her clothes, followed by he, sighing loudly as he found himself entering the female doctor via sensitive part. Tom rolled his eyes in response to that mating method Rana did onto him to make him feel much better, including forgetting his whipping. He found his mating with Rana gave him charges of pleasure and felt right with lots of warmth felt from the mating. Tom sighed once he felt hard enough to spill, found Rana managed to get him out of her before he did the deed and got urged to do that method by her compelling him to. Tom obeyed despite Rana’s mouth felt covering his sensitive part to take in his seed. He sighed from the feel of Rana’s mouth that felt right covering his private including giving him pleasure. Tom sighed once he found himself much better and spent from the mating, found Rana managed to thrust a towel over his head, including her giving him a compelling order to sleep, which he obeyed to pass out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling rumbling vibration of a cat, sitting, onto his front, making him nervous which he nervously opened his eyes to find Pumpkin, sitting on his front. The sitting, he saw, finding the towel gone from his face, with the glaring lights of the medical bay overhead. He groaned and without a word, gently picked up Pumpkin that purred into his arms and got up from the bed finding Rana, no where in sight. Groaning, he found Pumpkin squirmed into his grips which he placed onto the bed and found his bathing suit dried and sitting folded onto the desk. Tom put the bathing suit on and found Rana sleeping on the floor, behind the desk, looking like she was exhausted by the looks of it. He quietly let the medical bay despite hearing silence from Pumpkin, who always gave him away when he snuck out of medical bay, by his loud yowl sound. He sighed and took the route to the High Council’s throne room, finding the blast doors shut and humming electricity coming from it. Groaning, Tom went to his quarters, a cave to hear sounds of moaning coming from there that sounded of Recorder and a male’s voice. He frowned as he peered into the doorway via curtain to find Recorder, also known as Tamyara Palina, and a male he assumed was Triton or Triton’s blind twin, Paul Palin, in the middle of a mating ritual. Groaning he left the quarters and went to medical bay as if needing to sleep and found an empty bed where the laser scanner was, with the cat sitting on the pillow. The cat sat up and gave a soft mew seeing him which he laid down onto the bed and shut his eyes only to get water splashing onto his face. Tom grunted shaking sleepiness from his face to find Rana was again straddling him, while holding a cup of waters from it, she giving him a glare. 
He spoke “Morning or evening or whatever” with sarcasm.
Rana, he eyed gave him a glare and got from her sounding annoyed as usual “It’s morning and you’ve slept enough so get up and get dressed. The High Council via kiddy plant wants your presence.”
Tom exhaled a breath and found Rana, removed her, picking up the cat putting Pumpkin into her sling and giving him a glare, with eyes golden. He ignored the golden eyed glare and without a word put on his jumpsuit of black, molded, to his form, including his bathing suit underwear, before that. He wound up putting on his slip on black shoes and found Rana thrusting a finger towards medical bay’s cave entrance. Sighing Tom obeyed to walk out to take the route to the High Council’s throne room, finding the blast doors open for him, to gain entrance. He went inside and kneeled in response to being in the group’s presence and waited for their orders. Tom didn’t have long to wait as there were multiple click sounds of Meritanians’ transportation, indicated Recorder, Triton, and Rana appeared. He ignored the three as he eyed the ground and waited for the High Council’s latest orders.
Tom didn’t say a word in response as he heard “Says what you saw in the mind of one Pave Palin when mating with him hmm, Recorder?”
Tom felt disgust take hold refrained from commenting as he glanced at Recorder, who spoke sounding, bored to him “Same old story that his mate is Tamyara Chennikova, via mating methods, no, I’m not her. The mating between us didn’t feel right at the moment instead felt-“
Tom heard Rana’s familiar comment “Enough of that talk!” interrupting Recorder.
He recalled himself mating with Victoria Montreal, his mate, he wanted as his, only to realize from the mating, there were metallic thrusting felt when he tried to enter her, including his sensitive part deflated its sexual status when in present of her. Tom eyed the High Council in response to recall, after much work he finally got to thrust inside Victoria, only to feel nothing much involving sexual means but hard and cold and no feeling down there, when inside her which confused him. Tom eyed the Recorder who without another word in response to Rana’s interruption resumed typing via laptop computer, he noticed her eyes were black with mouth into a thin line, involving Victoria Montreal’s familiar typing a story look, onto the laptop computer, when she publicity went around as Veronica Thomas. Tom frowned but eyed the Recorder, with annoyance through him, to recall, that the High Council didn’t like their official Recorder to type fiction stories, in their presence. He shifted to eye the High Council to find the group was in a discussion, including their Speaker’s head was up with a blank disgusted expression on the male’s face, when eyeing whoever with his all blue eyes. He exhaled a breath and waited for the High Council’s latest orders to find himself, transported to the lobby of Victoria’s building, to his disgust. He found various Meritanian plants in the vicinity that compelled him to go to Triton’s one room apartment, to ring the doorbell. He obeyed, while waiting with annoyance running through him as Triton clad in a loincloth like bathing suit, answered the door with a loud meow from Pumpkin, getting onto his shoulder after streaking out of the apartment. 
Tom spoke “Clothes when answering the door!”
He found Triton in response looking down, followed by slamming the door, leaving him in the hallway with Pumpkin on his shoulder, felt sniffing his ear of his black haired head, making him nervous. Tom stiffened as he felt his sensitive part indicated Rana’s presence again, to find her off his left, yanking the cat off of his shoulder followed by her giving off a sound of disapproval and ringing the doorbell. Tom waited while rubbing a hand over his eyes as Triton answered the door and allowed all three inside. He went inside to sit onto the futon Triton was using as his bed and hardly anything else, in the one room apartment. 
He heard Rana speaking “I’ll be in your bathroom, Pave, amusing Pumpkin since my husband is still nervous of kitties.”
Groaning out loud, he heard Rana walk away followed by her slamming the door to Triton’s private room, with a bang sound. He removed his hand and eyed Triton who was clad in shorts covering his bathing suit underwear and nothing else that gave him a glare.
He frowned as Triton spoke “Husband? What happened to Victoria after all this fuss?”
Tom mentally spoke to himself despite mind scanned by a Meritanian plant, he glimpsed sitting on the window still “You’re going to pay for that rude question.”
He got up and with a glare spoke towards Triton “Pave? What name is that anyway?”
He formed a glare while folding his arms and got from Triton in response “That name is short for Pavel. I’m known as Pavel Palin Junior, in Oceana, the oldest twin of two twin sons-“
Tom interrupted rudely “Yeah one son is Paul who’s sickly while you’re created to take his place as heir to the throne despite oldest sister taking it now.”
Tom found Pave he figured he’ll refer him instead of Triton name, folding his arms and speaking “Something you here for this unannounced visit?”
Tom recalled fully via Meritanian plant what the visit was involved. 
He held up a hand and spoke “Tell me you can get out of my hand’s trap?”
He waited as Pave without a word took his hand, he crunched the male’s hand and tried to get the male’s arm behind his back despite Pave blocking him with combative art moves. Tom found Pave seemed knowledgeable on combative art moves, involved getting out of traps for wrestling moves including both doing trapped statuses onto each other. Tom found the trapped status ended by a doorbell sounding loudly. Groaning he heard from Pave who went to answer the door after freeing himself from a trapped status. Tom grunted and got up swinging only to hear a sound of something familiar followed by holes forming onto the door of a gun bullet projectile gun. 
He darted and knocked Pave aside onto the floor despite feeling pain of a bullet into his knee as he yelled “Rana! Stay in the bathroom! It’s a gun firing going off I have nothing to do with!” 
Tom found Pave managed to get him off of him followed by hearing the door bang open as if kicked and kneeled with hands up, despite wincing from his thigh felt bleeding. He glared at the masked male of an Assassin Lord’s minion while holding a gun that entered the apartment, thrusting aside the long gun, as if appearing to run out of bullets. 
He glared in response recalling the High Council’s verbal order “Your not to display your Berserker side to anyone we order you to do!”
Tom felt annoyance take hold as he glared at the gunman who thrust out a handgun appearing to aim it at Pave, he noticed, was lying on the ground with a hand onto his side appearing to leak blue blood, from the looks of it. Tom glared in response as the assassin aimed his gun at him followed by the weapon going off. He found himself passing out unconscious in response.

Tom came to from an unconscious status of warmth, to feel cold, all over, including a female’s compelling voice ordering him to do something. He shivered from the coldness hitting him obeyed to the voice, ordering him to will forward his Berserker’s side which he obeyed despite questioning that order. Tom obeyed to the voice to find himself compelled to get his own body to thrust out the bullets, inside him via holes made by the projectiles. He obeyed as if compelled followed by feeling his healing continue as he found a blanket covering his form with coldness stopped. Tom felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Tom came to via female’s voice tone including a loud meow, sounding into his ear. He ignored the meowing of a cat, he figured was it, as the female’s voice speaking in a compeller’s gibberish kept on willing him to wake, despite he urged to remain asleep. He realized with a start that the urges to sleep was a Meritanian doing it, including the voice speaking compeller’s voice tones wasn’t Rana’s, as his mind cleared of the fog. He found his Berserker side away from him via voiced tones. Tom obeyed and jerked open his eyes despite finding himself slumped over into a wheelchair and chained, while hearing a whispering female’s voice, sounding twin to Rana’s, sounding into his ear. He exhaled a breath sitting up from the wheelchair to recognize the voice as Rana’s twin sister, Reena speaking it, but felt confusion hitting him to how Reena could be speaking to him despite she contained among the Lancelot natives. Tom frowned as he jerked open his eyes and focused onto the darkness surrounding his spotlight, highlighting him to find nothing came to mind on seeing anything. He looked around as another spotlight shined followed by Pave, he recognized, chained to a wheelchair looking like he was asleep and healed of his medical ailments. Tom exhaled a breath and looked around waiting for anything as another spotlight shined glaring in view in front of him. Groaning softly, he found the familiar assassin standing in the spotlight that thrust a handgun towards him, but gave up a click sound. Tom frowned as the assassin pocketed the handgun followed, by folding his arms indicating muscular like form. 
He glared in response as he heard “Identify yourself, Airhead!”
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that insult term Airhead for people who liked the same genders when it comes to mating.
He inhaled and spoke firmly “You must be mistaken. I’m not an airhead.”
He formed a glare as the voice sounding squeaky like a machine spoke “Not an airhead? Are you sure of that? You were seen cuddling this male like an airhead when the assassin of ours came into his residence.”
Tom spoke firmly “That was to save him from your assassin’s spraying bullets while trying to knock down the door.”
He formed a glare and waited, as the voice spoke “You sure of that status involving not were being an airhead?”
Tom growled an annoyed sound and spoke, with disapproval in his voice tone “Must you jump to conclusions to people doing things to save others from death from assassins?”
He glared and waited as the voice spoke again “I see you’re not an airhead as we thought but you must have seen Pave Palin, as valuable, to save him despite he’s nothing but a worthless Aquarian prince, exiled from his home of Oceana and left nothing much to live on.”
Tom spoke as the voice stopped “Everybody’s got a purpose to live despite being worthless.”
He glared and waited as the voice spoke “Interesting comment.”
Tom frowned as another spotlight shined making him gasp of shock seeing Rana chained in a wheelchair slumped over asleep despite Pumpkin, her cat, seated onto her lap with hissing sounds from the cat heard. 
He groaned softly seeing Rana’s unconscious’s status as he heard “Talk on why’s you were yelling words involving her named Rana.”
Tom spoke “I don’t want her hurt by the assassin hence I yelling at her to be safe.”
He glared and found Pumpkin in response getting off Rana and making a beeline towards darkness which he heard a faint yowl of a male’s voice including hearing “Get that cat off of me!”
Tom heard the male’s voice sounded familiar to him like he knew it somewhere, as there was a gunshot sound including a loud irritated meow sound. 
Tom spoke “You don’t have to shoot that cat!”
He glared in response as he heard “Meow!”
Tom exhaled a breath recognizing the voice as Meritanian, as he heard the familiar male voice yell loudly “Tank, how many times I must tell you to avoid saying that noise to me?!”
Tom frowned hearing the Meritanian’s voice sounded familiar in a snickering like laughter tone into his mind, as he heard the male’s voice add “Cats are useless creatures, they don’t serve anybody but their own masters which is themselves.”
Tom gave up disapproval in response, sounds, followed by speaking “Cats are cuddly tolerant when it comes to being hugged and kissed by people, especially Rana that female doing that to that kitty.”
He waited as the male voice spoke removing the squeakiness “Interesting.”
Tom formed a glare and without a word found another spotlight shining which he gasped of shock seeing the figure as he heard “You won’t remember this. Tank, remove this memory from this assassin’s mind now!”
Tom found himself falling into his mind to find himself chained to a stone chair, into his mind while glancing out a window screen of a scene, he saw was himself holding a cat via hands while clad in a molded uniform. Tom exhaled a breath and resumed sitting via chair as he found the male version of himself, he assumed, was a cloned copy of himself walked away. This was followed by witnessing his own body dumped into King Winter’s iceberg kingdom and found himself in control of his body again. Tom found memories spilling into his mind to his shock, including memories of a cloned Tom Thunder copy, declared Sun Lord, ruler of the Lancelots, from their nation and servant of the annoyance god of Lance Richard. He found the memories included the cloned double was getting his memories as Assassin Lord and servant of the High Council fully in mind as if he was a computer. The memory recall shocked him to his core, as he swam, into the ocean and got onto an iceberg, as he recalled another memory, while shivering onto the iceberg. Tom recalled the memory of his cloned double’s birth involved a cloning machine onto a moon would and thrust out, onto the orbiting planet of Terrania via satellite to land into the ocean, followed by Lancelot’s Nation natives picking him up and declaring him, Sun Lord ruler of them. Tom felt various emotions take hold running through him as he found himself facing the High Council again, to kneel onto his knee and waited for their orders. He found his mind scanned instead seemingly lengthy including feeling the Meritanians scanning him, to show the High Council various memories via seen in his mind, of his cloned double. 
Tom waited impatiently for the High Council to give their orders, he found the speaker speaking in response “Says transport Tom Thunder as our servant, calls himself, out of our presence and keep him out period, no matter how he begs for servitude.”
Tom found himself transported to something warm, he found himself, dumped into the volcano, he assumed he was in and surrendered to the sleepiness status, happening to him. Tom recalled of having a dream, after dumped, into a pool of water, after hearing Rana’s gasp sound, after he removed his clothes. He wound up hearing her gasp sounded of her shocked, with something, involving his back to his confusion, as he fell into Rana’s medical bay pool that made him, itchy all over followed, by hearing snickering laughter of the Meritanians, sounding into his mind.
“Nighty night Smarty!” Tom recalled hearing into his mind.
Tom wound up dreaming this dream, after he passed out unconscious, after sensed pulled out of Rana’s medical pool by Rana herself and dumped onto a bed. He relayed this dream to Recorder of memories, Tamyara Palina, as Recorder refers herself.

I as the soul wound up meeting the Guardian of Life and Death, in some indescribable form, wound up eyeing the metal gated arch like a Traveler’s Gate flickered like a TV. I wound up seeing the Traveler’s Gate flash, an image of male wearing furry like skin clothing from head to foot. 
I heard "You had to show this scene again didn't you, you stinker?!"
I heard nothing in response to male’s question instead kept on watching a scene of a soul, I assumed was that male. I found myself as a soul, as the person, felt to be a male, who walked on the desert sands his feet, wearing gonoid skin boots with robes covering him from head to foot. I paused from my walk to exhale a breath staring at the desert sands while feeling the wind blowing softly. I saw a rocky wall ahead of me compelling me via Meritanian’s compulsion, to walk near it. I continued walking towards the rock as if compelled despite unable to change the path. I frowned as I felt a burning sensation on the bottoms of my feet looked down to stare at the ground. I saw nothing but didn’t realize that my feet were burning from a sleeping frozen status, of waking up. I felt a hotness feeling which made me yank off my robes baring my form, showing myself wearing pants with no top, revealing my muscular physique’s abs. Groaning, I tossed aside the robes as the feeling began to dominate as I walked. I felt my feet burning and looked down with dizzy eyes to see smoke of fire on the ground where my feet were which I followed with my eyes. I stiffened as I saw the fire surrounded me and screamed out a nonsense sound, despite urged to run. I ran towards the rocky wall running while feeling the burning going to my legs, indicating my body heating up from deadness status of frozen. I forced myself to keep running till I reached the rocky wall and paused when I spotted a doorway opening in it. I ran in the doorway, opening, running into a corridor with stone walls ran not caring where I went, till my lungs started bursting and I collapsed onto my knees on the dirt floor. I shut my eyes panting for breath, me breathing for the first time after being frozen dead status. I discovered the burning and hotness sensations gone from me as I opened my eyes as I continued to pant. I looked up with night vision of yellow to see a large sarcophagus coffin in a form statue of Lance Richard the God King, Lord of the Underworld, in front of me next to the wall of a large room that was high overhead. I exhaled a breath as my body did the same I didn’t realize it. I wound up trapped into my mind kept contained by the God king, Lance Richard in his Underworld kingdom. I wound up getting up from the dirt floor to stare at the sarcophagus which I saw had a sword spear on top of it. I recognized as a weapon called a Mikan by a term by the species Mesan’s Curse, unsure of what name they refer themselves, now. I didn’t realize it I was getting memories of my clones into my mind hence the Mikan’s name. I sighed and walked towards the sarcophagus leaning over with hands on the Mikan which I with great strength yanked off. 
I stood holding the Mikan in my hands as I spoke while I thinking words “This place is my home. I won’t leave it and suffer your fate, Father. I refused to let what happened to you, happen to me.”
I exhaled a breath then felt tiredness arriving went to a wall and sat in a leaning position, closing my eyes. I felt myself sliding into a lying position, laid onto the ground falling asleep. 

I woke up with gasp, breathing, via my own body’s oxygen, despite my heart not beating yet. I got up and looked around the room which I saw a doorway, opposite, from the sarcophagus. I entered to see a corridor with open doorways on both sides which I counted, each having five of them. I went into doorways to discover that that they were empty small rooms. I found rats scattering in all directions in one room which I feeling hungry captured a rat, gagging it to death. I brought the rat to my mouth biting into it eating as I entered another room. I saw had water dripping from the ceiling landing into a small stone pool of water, on the floor. I finished with the rat threw the carcass away and went to the pool kneeling. I brought my hand into the pool scooping up water bringing it to my lips repeatedly, ignoring my body’s injection of the live giver medicine, put into my body. My body wound up accepting the milk substance, injected into my arm as medicine, hence this water drinking via my mind. 
I felt better spoke out loud “I’ll stay here with the rats as my food and this water pool, as my drink.”
I got up and walked back to the sarcophagus room where I went to the corner of the room and laid my form on the dirt ground falling asleep. 

I jerked myself awake when I heard a sound. I opened my eyes as my eyesight blinked from night vision to day vision, while hearing the sound become louder. I sat up to stare at the doorway, was a flickering light that was coming nearer and nearer while hearing sounds, I recognized as people, jabbering language, unknown or untranslatable. I got up holding the Mikan in front of me to stare at the open doorway. The light revealed a flaming torch light held in a figure, wearing blood red robes in hand, followed by four other figures, wearing identical clothing, all with sun like mask of hoods covering their heads. I later recognized the figures as the High Council’s roped into servitude, monks of the Lancelot order, hence the masks of the sun, but didn’t realize that they were mind scanning me, at the time. I stood watching as the figures spoke words, I didn’t get it, the language, overlapping, jabbering, all at once. They were sounding of excitement and panic to me despite speaking gibberish. I didn’t understand the language said but it sounded like the Lancelot’s hissing, language, of Rakcar or Americania. I edged myself closer towards the figures that darted towards the sarcophagus, one leaving the torch lying on the floor as they picked at the coffin with swords in their hands. I roared some loud nonsense sound, got the figures to stop their picking as I charged at them swinging my Mikan. I heard exclamations of shock from the figures as I used the flat end of the Mikan’s sword part, hitting each of them on their heads, knocking them out. I stood staring at the figures that lay on the floor unconscious, with the torch’s light flickering. Exhaling a breath, I picked up a figure, by the neck, dragging the person out of the room into the corridor, passing by doorways, towards the entrance, where I could see was nighttime. I with great strength tossed the figure into the air that landed away from me onto the sand that appeared to be watery, letting in the figure that splashed. I didn’t realize it at the time but the monks, telepathic Humans, of the Lancelot order, roped into servitude by the High Council, whether by force or willingly, were mind scanning me for any signs of life, in my mind. I went inside and repeated the process with the other figures, including tossing out the torch light, then went to the rats’ room where I could see rats running around, in all directions. With quick hand movements, I grabbed a rat by the tail and tossed it in the air catching it with my hand around its neck which I squeezed choking it. I didn’t realize at the time that my rat’s squeezing death was in response to someone shouting at me, ordering me, to squeeze their hand. I just assumed that the hand squeezing involving the rat’s death instead of squeezing someone’s hand. I smiled a smile of satisfaction as the rat died, giving up to death going limp in my hand. I walked out of the room biting into the rat’s body going out the corridor towards the entrance to outside and stood chewing, as I listened. I heard voices yelling exclamations words, not understood, with overlapping as I listened. The voices were sounding of anger, calmness, sadness and laughter, including a female voice I focused onto it, as if compelled. I heard the voices’ sounds as I stood which became fainter and fainter. I once finished with the rat tossed the carcass away, went to the pool room, going inside to kneel at the pool bringing my hand in it, scooping up water which I drank repeatedly. 
I spoke once I finished drinking “I’ll stay here and keep people out for it’s my home my place and my sanctuary. No one will enter this place not if I have to kill them, just to get rid of the people entering here.” 
I sighed not realizing that I was doing it literally via body and got up leaving the room to the corridor. I walked entering the large room to stand staring at the sarcophagus. I walked to putting a hand on top of it the sarcophagus. 
I spoke again “I’ll guard you to keep others from interfering with your rest. You have my word on this, for I’m not leaving ever. Nothing will bring me out of this sanctuary except death.”
I gave the sarcophagus a rub that felt like a cat’s purring vibration via my hand as if I was rubbing a cat and removed my hand to go to a corner, lying on the ground closing my eyes as I let sleep over come me. 

I dreamed of walking in the desert, wearing robes that covered my head showing my eyes peering out. 
I was following a figure wearing identical robes covering the head which I automatically knew was a fatherly representative via voice speaking “This is your father.” 
The voice sounded of a Meritanian via voice’s tone, I later identified as Tank. My Father stopped and removed the robe from his head showing a form that was twin to Nightwalker, the vampire god, on identification. I stood next to him removing my robe from my head, to stare at my Father still thinking Nightwalker, as my dad himself, ugh. Father looked at me before a look of terror arrived on his face which he screamed before looking down. I looked down to see fire licking at Father’s robes surrounding him. I darted towards Father intending to help who hit me with a fist in the face, I literally felt was punching onto my front.
I wound up hearing a voice yell “Don’t you dare let this poison kill you!”
I didn’t realize that Nightwalker was representing the poisoned status, hitting me, as I wound up thrown backwards hitting the ground, as ropes arrived wrapping around my arms, holding me there. I lay on the ground, really a bed, from the feel of the mattress, staring at Father with horror on my face, as the fire abruptly rose surrounding the male. 
I screamed out “Father!”
I didn’t realize at the time that I screamed out “Help me!” as heard by various witnesses in the room, where I was lying.
The fire, I saw, engulfed Father, who gave out a crying wail and then the flames went shooting into the sky, leaving a black round soot mark, on the ground, in place of the male. The burning death was representing the poison, found in my system that was healed out of my body, by Nightwalker, representing the poison, healed out of me. I didn’t know this at the time but I would later as I woke up from my nightmare.  

I woke up screaming of terror shaking my form which took me moments to understand where I was still trapped into the God King, Lance Richard’s Underworld kingdom. Groaning, I rubbed a hand on my head and stood up as my eyes sight flashed from night vision to day vision. I looked at the corridor doorway to see fire light becoming brighter and brighter which I gripped the Mikan in my hands while softly growling. I stared at the light source revealing a figure, with a female form, holding a torch. I saw had shoulder length brown colored hair while wearing clothes that were medical scrubs, I didn’t realize it at the time as the female came into the room looking familiar to me, I didn’t recognize her at first. 
I snarled softly as the figure turned to my direction speaking words I understood “Hello who is there? Show yourself now.” 
I slowly walked forward my eyes on the female’s eyes that widened, seeing me as if shocked. 
I stared at the stranger who spoke again “Why are you living here surrounded by darkness, instead of being in the light?”
Stranger meant to say “Why are you in your mind, when you should be out, controlling your body, instead?”
A Meritanian was sensed controlling the stranger’s wording via mind scanning at the time. Not sure which Meritanian was other than Walls and Kiddy was suspected. I in response swung the wide end of the Mikan at the stranger hitting her on the knees knocking her to kneel. I angrily grabbed the stranger’s long hair, yanking her in a standing position, thrusting the sword part of the Mikan at the stranger’s neck. 
I spoke “I won’t tolerate visitors here who will be removed by my force even killed if they resist.”
I yanked the stranger into the hallway towards the entrance, where I could see sunlight shining, outside that looked twin to a traveler’s gate’s light shining. I brought the stranger to the entrance and thrust my back to the wall, away from the light like it’ll burn me, something I remembered happened to Nightwalker himself. 
I spoke “Tell the others to stay out. This is my sanctuary, no one enters.” 
I turned my back and sensed the torch light behind me shining. I continued walking through the corridor entering the sarcophagus room. I kneeled as my nightmarish dream of Nightwalker I call that male representative of poison, burned flashed in my mind, making me nervous to go out into the light. Groaning I rubbed a hand on my forehead and once again my eyes sight flickered. Growling I got up and turned towards the room’s entrance to see a male with long, blonde, golden colored hair, wearing just pants on his form and nothing else as the stranger enter the room, with a torch in hand. 
I charged at the stranger who spoke “Tom, I’m called Kurpanov.”
I paused mid charge hearing my name spoken by the stranger, Kurpanov. The image of Nightwalker catching on fire came to my mind, scaring me to react violently. I continued my charge swinging the Mikan at Kurpanov who put the torch in front of his face. As I swung fire from the torch came blowing at me towards my eyes. I dropped the Mikan bending down placing hands over my eyes, while hearing running footsteps getting fainter and fainter. I removed my hands to blink my eyes finding from yellow eyesight of night vision was entirely purple with living being sources for pinks. I at the time didn’t realize that the High Council managed to fix the blindness in my body to help me see again, despite blinded by the poison. Something that happened to a clone that’s going around with a dog gonoid to see, still roped into servitude as a blind man for the High Council while paired to a clone of Victoria. The fixing gave me the eyesight via burning Kurpanov did to me. I felt my eyes were fine, not acknowledging the change without realizing it and straightened up my form. I exhaled a breath and looked down on the ground for my Mikan, I saw wasn’t there. 
Frowning I looked around eyes staring at the ground then I growled out loud “That stranger, Kurpanov, stole my weapon.”
I roared an angry sound then jogged out of the room to the corridor to the entrance walking through the traveler’s gate. I walked out into the sunlight to see Kurpanov holding my Mikan in his clawed hands, standing next to the stranger, the female, I kicked out. The stranger or female from what I remember of her was seen holding a torch and behind them were a crowd of people who abruptly went silent seeing me. I darted up to Kurpanov and yanked the Mikan out of his grip then turned my back to the crowd, pausing, when I heard gasping sounds from behind me. I had markings onto my back that indicated I was original and not a clone as believed, by the High Council manipulating things on Terrania. It seems that the original High Council, just prior to being kicked out of Shadan, as that planetary world was called, took the original of their cloned dedicated servant, Tom Mindbender Thunder, myself, with them, not trusting anyone to destroy me or the clones.  Clones, I later learned, had markings of a belly button on their backs at the spine area, marking them, something I didn’t have at the time hence I appeared to be an original of a cloned status.  
My back had tattoo markings onto it saying in Human’s language as identified really Highlander’s original written language “This is the One.”
Shaking my head, I walked back into the tomb entering the hallway again which I again reached the sarcophagus room. My eyes sight blinked again which I spun around to see Trevor as he calls himself, walking speedily into the room. A Surrai as the species called themselves, one named Trevor with mind ability to mind scan, was scanning me, another roping by the High Council, to do that job. He was mind scanning me at the time hence he in my tomb in my mind. I edged myself towards the wall eyes on Trevor sensed of doing violence again. I saw Trevor go up to the coffin and kneel, form becoming still, as if waiting for something. 
Shaking my head of disgust, I turned away towards the doorway when I heard a voice speaking “Mindbender.”
The voice was identified to be the High Council’s Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy, saying that name while acting as my Fatherly representative on Terrania, as the world was now referred by natives. I turned around to stare at Trevor and widen my eyes when I saw a male standing at Trevor’s side, wearing a skirt with chest bare of clothing with shiny jewelry on it and a crown on his head, staring at me with all night sky colored eyes. I shook my head closing my eyes despite recognizing the male as Nightwalker, the poisoned Fatherly representative who disappeared in front of me, via eater. I opened them to find the male representative of Nightwalker was gone from standing besides Trevor.  
“It was just part of my imagination.” I thought to myself.
I turned and froze for inches away staring at me was Nightwalker, who spoke “You, my son is Assassin Lord, leader of the people who are counting on you to lead, is what you should be doing. I did not raise you to have yourself, isolated, surrounded, in the darkness living alone.” 
I gasped with shock on my face as Nightwalker, continued speaking “You should face your fear the real reason why your isolated yourself in this place.” paused then continued speaking “Why did you go out in the sun to get your weapon if you are afraid of the light? Speak your fears don’t keep them to yourself, my son.”
I stared at Nightwalker who faded from my eyesight, as I turned to face Trevor who I heard was chanting words, I heard repeatedly said “Go into the light, don’t be afraid.” 
I was later told that Trevor, on admittance of the Surrai’s Trevor, mind scanning at the time, was “Come out of your tomb in your mind.”
A Meritanian either, Walls or Kiddy was sensed mind scanning, at the time manipulating things to play jokes, again to the disgust of me, according to Barry. I went to Trevor kneeling in front of the male who stopped chanting to stare at me, like I’m expected to speak. 
I spoke via my own wording and not manipulation of a Meritanian “I have a either a memory or a dream in my mind. I see my father wearing robes covered up, walking in the desert with me besides him wearing robes. I was following him who stopped from walking to remove the hood from his head as I did the same, with both of us looking at each other. My father looked at me with a look of fear on his face which he screamed of terror and looked down. I looked to see eater licking at his robes surrounding him. I darted towards him to help which he punched me hard throwing me backwards hitting the ground. I could only lie on the ground tied via ropes staring with terror as the eater engulfed my father. 
I screamed out ‘Father!’ as the eater covered him. 
I heard him give out a crying wail sound then the eater shot up, towards the sky leaving a black round soot mark on the ground in his place. I kept walking in the desert till I got a burning sensation on the bottoms of my feet that I felt a hotness feeling, made me yank off my robes. The feeling took over as my feet, continued to feel like burning and looked down with bad eyesight to see eater surrounding me. I screamed and ran to here. The burning came up to my legs as I entered this place, entering this room falling to a kneeling position and felt the eater had left me.”
I paused as Trevor nodded his head like he was really listening to me as I continued “I became afraid that the eater would consume me like it did with my father, if I was out there so I stayed living here as my sanctuary from it.” 
I stared at Trevor who handed me a large cloth canteen while speaking “Here, Tom, drink.” 
I took the canteen and brought the open cap part to my lips which I drank recognizing it as milk and I greedily drank till there wasn’t a drop left for me. I handed Trevor the canteen who slung it over his arm as I grimaced as a headache arrived to my head. I saw via my headache was of myself, younger, sitting next to an eater with gonoid skins feet, aimed at it. It was while staring at a male who had robes, covering him, across from the eater. The male pulled off his robes off his head, showing a male’s face with a headband of metal on his head. 
My mind told me “This is your god, Nightwalker’s second in command, Achilles.”
Achilles was sensed stared at me with a frown, as I saw a scene via travel gate’s image of myself whichever while feeling myself as that person. I laid down staring at the sky while feeling my feet warm. I felt a burning sensation in my feet and looked up as Achilles darted around the eater, with panic in his eyes. I felt the burning sensation reach my legs as Achilles grabbed me, pulling me away, from the eater, before tossing a bolt of cloth, covering my legs and feet, swatting it at me. I felt the burning sensation leave me, followed by hotness feeling. I groaned loudly pulling at my long sleeve shirt yanking it off my form. 
I felt Achilles’ hand on my forehead and heard him speak “By the Gods, burning up!” 
I literally felt a hand onto my forehead, followed by hearing a female voice speaking “Drat! He’s burning up!” 
I lie on the bed literally while feeling myself, really hot groaning loudly, as I felt a cool cloth, cover my forehead as I suffered from the poison, out of my system. I shut my eyes as I was forced into a sitting position and felt something brought to my lips I drank recognizing it as milk. I felt the coolness of milk and greedily drank as sleepiness, arrived which I stopped drinking becoming still. I felt an arm around my form and felt my head lay on a lap, with a cloth still on my forehead, as I slept passing out unconscious. 

The scene changed via TV’s travel gate, to show myself, while kneeling, jerked my eyes to stare, at Trevor who spoke “You as younger were burned on the feet and legs from an eater, catching on your clothes, gave you the heat sickness. You suffered said, to see an image of your father, being burned by the eater repeatedly, over and over, during your sicknesses.”
Trevor paused then continued speaking “After your father’s disappearance, you were seen going into the desert, unstopped, wearing what you described, walking the perimeter of the city walls, outside while crying out ‘Father’ repeatedly.” 
I frowned at Trevor’s words like he wasn’t really explaining, what was happening to me, who kept speaking “The hotness feeling you had that led you to here was the heat of the desert and the coolness of the tomb helped you feel better.” 
I found that I felt better along with hearing a voice "Go with Trevor leaving the place, my son." 
I via identification recognized the voice belonging to Lance Richard’s the God king God of the Underworld, spoken it. I got up as Trevor got up and I ran to a corner of the room with hand over my mouth while hearing the male gasp loudly. 
Trevor’s gasping was sounding of “Ah! His fever’s broken!”
I threw up the contents of my stomach, several times, literally, onto a bowl over the side of the bed. I later while in the God of the Underworld’s kingdom, felt something in my mouth. I coughed out, to see is a small crystal jewel, with a cloth necklace which I later recognized as Lance Richard’s. It symbolized my fever broken and I back to normal again after being frozen solid and disappeared for awhile. 
I put on necklace and went back to Trevor who spoke “Moves like a God for only God can lead us.” 
Trevor spoke foreign language as the male handed me the Mikan the male heard hissing loudly, I translated later “He’s fine now so transport me back to Kurpanov’s Sanctuary now!”
I followed Trevor out of the tomb to outside, facing the crowd of people who get on their knees as if worshipping me as their God and leader. I became Pharaoh, as the leader's title and given clothes am paraded through the city in a chair held, by male slaves representing Freeloaders with my guards, flanking me. The Freeloaders are a species dubbed Keo that are twin to the Shadonia that later went extinct. The Freeloaders are blondes with all black eyes and pointed ears of a Highlander. The procession stopped at a triangle like stone building where it’s figured is a temple, where there are others assumed to be priests, there along with a chair in front of the doors. I got off chair by slaves lowering it to the ground and walked up the steps to the chair.
I am told by high priest wearing mask of a gonoid God, Anubis "Kneel." 
Anubis waved hands over me while chanting in foreign language words, not understood but appearing to be said “Ay Kabaiya!” 
Anubis is handed hanging a hanging lantern which he waved over me still chanting away. Anubis hands off lantern then placed hands on my head, closing my eyes with his hands.
Anubis spoke "You shall be known as your name, Tom Mindbender Thunder, The Assassin Lord and servant of God King, Nightwalker, and Ruler of the God of Hell." 
Anubis’ hands picked at my eyes which I opened and the priest take a crown off the masked head and place it on my head. I rolled my eyes while making out a small gasp as I felt sexually charged jolt of pleasure. The jolt of pleasure involved my form sexually active after awhile of not having sex. Then I stood up and went to the chair to sit which crowd got onto their knees, foreheads to the ground with arms in front of them. 
I spoke loudly "I am Pharaoh, ruler of Kingdom Egyptia. I will rule the people well."
I wound up to be assisted by a priest, called Omar, who gave me advice on ruling. 
I found some of the advice is demanding insisting “Pharaoh do this and that while ruling as Pharaoh!” 
I appeared to be in love with a female slave with long sun colored hair, named Sabba that appeared to use some Compeller’s or Builder’s voice, tone onto me. 
I spoke via compulsion “I declared Sabba as my queen!” despite my priest’s words speaking “I must protests with objections!” 
I and Sabba eat food, before we went to bed asleep after that with her next to me. I passed out unconscious despite literally feeling my back, punched by Sabba repeatedly including she sensed tugging at my pants, I found wasn’t removable. I appeared too passed out to know what happened next. 

I waked up in the morning to discover Sabba, dead, with claw marks on her and her neck is broken. 
I act like I killed her, got upset, like what the Meritanian says “Having a crying hissy fit.”
The priest, Omar, arriving into the room, appearing to be aware of Sabba's death, not glance, at the bed, spoke "It’s a bad omen to mate with slaves for your gonoid side came out, said no to slaves hence the killing." 
I appeared to mourn Sabba's death, wound up sitting on my bed, staring at the ceiling lengthy as night and day go by. I appeared to not acknowledge anything all around me or the food brought to my lips. I kept on lying there till a female slave arrived into the room carrying a tray of food that makes my mouth water. She wound up straddles me and kisses me on the lips triggering me to kiss her back. I didn’t feel anything involving metallic thrusting blocking the kissing, despite happening to pairs who aren’t destined to be together.
She overheard speaking “There’s more to life than lying there motionless so do something amusing now!”
I saw the female, a slave, shakes my staring at the ceiling mood, enough to get up from the bed and spoke “I declare you my queen!” 
The female acted rude to I speak "I don’t want anything to do with you!"
I letting my raging hormones involving sex, take control, didn't back down instead corner the female in the room, after getting up from the bed, as in getting her trapped, between my arms. 
More likely, I trying to kiss her again and insisting to her “I want to mate with you.” 
I found her thrusting a knife at my neck when succeeded in trapping her to kiss her. Omar arrived into the room to get the female slave away from me to my annoyance. 
Omar wound up speaking "You're not to mate with Niya, the slave, for it’s not what the Pharaoh is supposed to be doing." 
I responded by going to Omar and thrusting a clawed hand onto the male's face scratching him to snarl unaware, I used my Berserker’s side in control "You will allow me to mate with Niya I want brought to my bedroom now! I as your Pharaoh orders it!"
Omar is seen by guards, darting away in sight with a hand over his cheek, where I scratched him like he was poisoned. 
This was followed by Niya entering the room with her arms folded, she giving me a golden eyed glare of “Confess your crime.” 
Twin to Barry’s glare, I later learned to my disgust.  
I spoke despite raging hormones, hitting me, urged to mate "I want to mate with you, Niya." 
I found my order of Niya lying on the bed in response while having arms still folded. I wound up not sure of how to mate, laid my form on top of her, but she thrust a knife at my neck when I repeatedly attempted to lie on top of her. Knife felt like a sword’s point pricking my neck to bleed a bit. I didn’t realize it that the sword pricking was a result of an argument on whether my blood was night sky or Human colored black or human’s dark red. My blood turned out to be black as indicated by the cut wound that healed up despite clones usually have that black colored blood and not other colors. I’m not sure why’s I had black colored blood but I’m assuming it’s from my Freeloader side in me, having that colored blood. The Freeloaders were known to have black colored blood actually.
As I was saying story wise, I spoke "I wanting to mate with you when I first saw you-"
Niya interrupted speaking "You killed a slave female, I refused to suffer her fate." 
I spoke "Niya, just kill me for I still want to mate with you if you're afraid of me." 
I closed my eyes and waited as the knife presses harder into the side of my neck. I kept my face into a pleading expression as I sensed the knife off my throat and Niya kissing me on the lips hands, on my cheeks. She appeared to be my first when it comes to mating despite clueless on how to mate with her. Niya had to guide me in that mating ritual as in thrusting my sensitive part inside her private and feeling myself getting more alive from that thrusting till I spilled myself inside her. I wasn’t sure what to make of that mating but it felt very good to do that. 
Then after the mating is done, I speak to her in whispered tones "I have a side to me dubbed Berserker, I bring out via mental mind orders that makes me look scary to people and creeps them out." 
She responded "I'm being fine with this." 
I fell asleep and waked up sensing Niya, in trouble to see Omar with guards in the room holding her with priest having a knife at her throat. 
Omar is heard while I is quietly getting up behind the priest’s back with guards eyeing me despite the priest stupidity isn’t paying attention "Pharaoh mating with a slave girl will ruin my plans to control him in his rule over the kingdom. I will have to kill Niya like I killed this slave girl dubbed Sabba by snapping her neck and getting Pharaoh’s venomous claws on her body, while he was passed out by a sleep drug in his food and drink." 
For the record, I don’t have venomous claws when it comes to scratching people with my Berserker’s side in control. Instead I appeared to get mad roared loudly surprising Omar who turned around dropping Niya, from his knife hold. Omar is attacked by me who used my Berserker’s claws, on the priest's face, who kept thrusting the knife at me. Priest kept on trying to cut my hands, despite me, trying to claw him some cat like swiping method. 
I wound up via compulsion recalled my Berserker’s mental sides mental abilities to mentally speak “Die!”
Priest dies as in blood spurting from his eyes and ears while falling to the floor disappeared as the High Council say, for death, despite Humans saying dead. Guards take priest’s body away as I am calmed down and allow Niya to hold me. I leaned my face on her head relaxing some more from her arms on me. 
I let Niya bring me to the bed and then we mate again she speaking “Do what you want take control.”
I wound up exploring her body entirely as in exploring her breasts and sucking onto them, despite hearing hisses of disapproval from her. I’m not sure what’s going on with that hissing sound, except I explored her, below the waist, putting fingers onto the area and still got that disapproval sound. I wound up once I finished, exploring Niya thrust myself inside her despite her not hissing any noises, instead felt hands of fingertips onto my face’s cheeks and a sense of my mind being scanned while I was mating. I felt the mating didn’t feel right to me instead felt wrong to me and didn’t feel like I was mating with the right person.
I spoke to Niya once the mating was done, I felt up with thrusting inside her and spilled myself outside, while lying onto my back "I'm declaring my love to you with hoping to have you as my equal, my queen." 
The scene changes via TV’s screen as I received a visitor, an ambassador of the High Council group on Terrania, wearing red hooded robes speaking "I am asking you about choosing a reason for living." 
I saw a female slave, I didn’t realize was twin to Veronica Victoria Thomas, or Recorder, whatever name of that cloned copy, obsessively paired to Tom Thunder’s persona, put tray with drinks on ottoman next to my throne chair. I got up as she knelt with head down me, ignoring the High Council’s member’s question. 
I spoke "I have already chosen a female as my queen."
I went to the female pulling her up who won’t look at me, like she was trying to avoid, looking at me as if she was disgusted, despite hearing her noise sounding of that. 
I kissed her on the lips despite some metallic thrusting felt and wound up cheek kissing and speak "I have chosen this female as my queen." 
I spoke my words while hearing the High Council member spoke “I must protests to this!” 
The female was stiff to the touch which I whispered in her ear "I'm begging you to be my queen and my equal." 
I ignored the High Council member, took her to my bedroom to resume kissing her on the cheek while feeling her really stiff, like I was kissing a wall. 
I pleaded with a begging tone "I want you as my queen to accept as mine." 
I heard, haltingly, agreed in a broken voice, eyes still not looking at me “…I…agree…” 
I held her and brought her to the bed and mated with her despite again metallic thrusting felt, I stupidity thought involved mating and nothing involving paired couples. Once done night arrived fell asleep literally.

I waked up in the sunlight to discover the female gone and go out of bedroom without any clothes, roaring with Berserker side in control, while feeling angry. 
Omar or another form of my priest representative, despite annoyed to see him alive is there with my guards, I roar with Berserker willed aside "I want a female now! You'll have to go out searching for her!"
My guards point out my nudity with their eyes and heads, staring at me with looks including hand gestures towards their privates, I saw and realized that I’m not wearing clothes. Clothes are a must to be worn around public, despite allowed in private among couples. I went back into bedroom put on clothes as Omar followed me. I was forced by Omar using Compeller’s voice chatter tones, to eat and drink food, set at a table in the room. Omar’s voice sounds like a female herself, ordering me to eat the food and drink, I literally obeys to takes in the nourishment and then once done getting up fell to the floor unconscious. 

I waked up to discover it’s nighttime and I was lying on the floor appearing to be a rug, while hearing crying sounds. I saw Niya as I refer her standing in front of a window looking twin to a window of an apartment’s residence, I’m not sure of whose residence but it looked like a one room’s residence as I got up.
I went to Niya rubbing her back speaking "You're not leaving me again for you're as mine as my queen." 
I heard Niya speak "My father abused my mother after speaking twin words you spoke to her using the word Priestess instead of queen. My father in one of his angry rages killed my mother in front of me who I as a child ran away. I was found by the Pharaoh who had two slaves raise me and had me become a slave, once I was old enough." 
I stiffened hearing the words as Niya adds "My father was Omar the priest, who didn’t recognize me when he tried to have me killed. I'm afraid of suffering my mother’s fate, hence myself trying to run away. A Priest named Trevor caught me and talked sense to me, into revealing the truth to you." 
I lowered my hands went to chair appearing to be an armchair and sat staring at her like I was shocked with bad news. 
I did later say I heard Niya speaking words saying “I can’t have a relationship with you because I’m Edenia the Ambassador. I can’t have a relationship with anyone. Sorry, Tom, but you’ll have to pair yourself with someone else for sexual relationships means.”
She resumed crying while continuing to stand in front of my window. I continued to stare at Niya, who kneel curling into a ball while still crying away. I got up walking towards Niya to pick her up, carrying her to a bed in a room, as the scene changed to show some place else, than that one room apartment. I placed her on the bed and pulled the blanket on her form. I got into bed wrapping my arms around her as she fell asleep which I lied awake for a bit.
I wound up hearing a voice saying in a snickering like voiced tone “Nighty Night Smarty!”
I’m not sure which Meritanian said that comment but the voice was a male who said it to me, not sure if the plant was Walls or Tank. I closed my eyes and fell asleep as if obeying the order as the scene changed, with I, is in throne room sparring with a guard using Mikans. 
My guard gets my Mikan out of my hands then halts to speak "Pharaoh, see about picking up your weapon to resume the fight." 
I as seen but not realizing, I would shock people use the mental command with Berserker in control “Weapon to me!” to get the Mikan to my hand. 
I heard guards around me gasp out “God!” 
The word didn’t register to me from the behavior, I easily dismissed but sensed confusion like the guards spoke some foreign language wording to me. 
Messenger boy arrives in room speaking "Guards have requested Pharaoh to the fighting room." 
I agreed to go walks with guards escorting me to the room a large outdoor courtyard looking twin to a courtyard belonging to the Ranians, who live in Rania or Saudi Arabia as that nation is known via Human or First One’s name. 
I was surrounded by guards in a circle which one spoke “I challenged you to a fight by Mikan!”
I spoke “I accepted!” 
I fight with the guard who got the Mikan out of my hands via fast speed move like I’m clumsy with that weapon. I as I sensed from behind me an arrow flying towards me. I using the Berserker in control twisted to my right, grabbing arrow with my clawed right hand and with left arm blocks the guard’s Mikan. My Berserker’s armored arm isn’t cut able as in indicating it’s harder than any sword weapon can cut onto it, hence I easily blocked the weapon. 
I heard a voice speak loudly “I’m halting the fight!” 
I recognizes as the High Council member who visited me before which I sees standing with the guards. I saw another guard who has a female slave with him knife at her throat and her hands are tied in front of her with ropes. I stared at female slave as my hormones of sexual feelings, hitting me, distracting me as guard with Mikan knocked me to a kneeling position then has blade part of Mikan at my throat. I found despite the Berserker in control the guard managed to grab my hair and thrust the blade onto my neck making a small cut.
“His weakness is there!” I heard indicating my neck is where I can be cut able than anywhere on my armored body.
I heard official speak "Pharaoh killed a slave girl when she displeased him and is pleasuring himself on another slave girl." 
Official paused as guards around me become silent which the official continued again "Pharaoh was raised to be spoiled doing things, his way, without caring about others even hurting them if he is not happy with them." 
I remembered a mysterious God line spoken when I was in the sarcophagus room and guards in throne room speaking the word God while gasping. It dawns on myself has a fast ability to move speeding running move something I don’t really have without the Berserker in control. I wound up looking away to eye the female, who gives me a small smile, I calmed by despite raging hormones hitting me. I feel the cut onto my neck has healed up as in indicating, no blood leaking which I feel despite guard kept Mikan onto my throat an inch away. I wound up feeling the area including some indication of getting out of traps hitting me was training by cloned copies, having that got into my mind not sure how.
The High Council member continued to rant “Can’t Mindbender quit falling in love with Georgina Visser and fall in love with Veronica Thomas instead?!” 
I didn’t realize that the name of Georgina Visser was original Edenia’s ambassadorial representative’s name she cloned repeatedly to have High Council servants paired to her clones, due to their raging sexual hormones.
I heard guards grumble loudly “Can’t this fool shut up?” 
Guard with Mikan swings weapon aiming at my throat which I used combative art training to free my hair. I finding some of it got pulled out as I used the Berserker’s blurry fast speed to get up on my feet. I move till I is behind the guard. Guard turned around looking for me, seeing me, charged with Mikan again, swinging for my neck despite other guards helping him. More likely the other guards knocking me onto my knees repeatedly for that guard to swing his Mikan at my neck, I kept on using my ability to move behind guard who’s Mikan meets air every time it swings at me. I sensed the guards surrounding me are silent repeatedly, helping the guard as the official is gasping loudly. 
Gasps sounded of “…Do…not…mean…too…do…that…”
This process lasts repeatedly several times, till the guard with Mikan, tossed it onto the ground then knelt with head bowed. 
I eyed female slave while saying “I love you as my queen.”
I saw guard besides her cut ropes binding her with knife freeing her and then gently pushes her forward then knelt as the official and guards kneel. I due to my sexual urges kept my eyes on the female, whose head is bowed, am staring at the ground as she hesitantly walked with halting steps towards me. The halting steps are involving pairs, finding each other and drawn to place hands palm to palm, touching, followed by hugging each other, something that’s a side effect of Edenia’s orbiting Terrania. I’m not sure when that’ll end involving pairs getting together. I placed hands on her cheeks kissing her on the lips while feeling her kiss me back that felt right to me and still made me want to mate with her further. I placed my arms around her in a hug as she did the same then I broke off the hug to place an arm around her waist, while looking at the kneeling in submission people.
I spoke "I have chosen Georgina Visser as my mate, my reasons for living are to preserve Terrania and her history to the future’s generations. I expect my people to accept this." 
I’m not sure why’s I said the name of Georgina Visser despite later learned she’s of Edenia’s ambassadorial representative.
I heard "Says we accept."
It's spoken in unison from the guards and official who are kneeling on the floor sounding of one voice spoken that was revealed to be the Souler, speaker of the High Council. The scene of a TV stopped, flaring, followed by the Guardian of Life and Death in some form of a male, despite can’t describe him, speaking some liner I don’t remember what it was. I wound up seeing something shiny and round coming from my front that went to the Guardian to be put onto something that was tipping back and forth like a scale. I heard a shriek sounding of joy after the scale landed onto one side. I frowned as the shiny thing got back into me despite pain hitting me at the time.
I heard “Life is chosen for you! Be gone now!”
I heard the voice sounded of Lance Richard’s cruel voice tone to me. I did see something else after that was of air sense of flying and wind blowing onto me. I saw something fussy round and blue with brown ness, I wasn’t sure what it was followed by the scene shifting into something else. The scene changed to show unnamed female wearing clothes identified of as medical scrubs with face twin to Niya’s.
She was speaking in private of a bedroom "I'm pregnant." 
I have via dream appeared to have accepted this news with joy. I, during Niya’s, I called this female’s pregnancy, acted fascinated with the baby, moving from inside her, from having hands on her abdomen, while feeling the movements. Niya, once her abdomen is so swollen, went into labor has a baby, is a girl via self birthing herself, as if fed up being inside her mother. I’m not sure of how that baby wound up fed up enough to be born despite a Drainer parasite that lives eternally forever, inside females in forever pregnancies. I’m not sure if Niya’s medical tech knowledge caused her to birth the baby or so. The girl an obvious Drainer parasite is looking like she’s inherited Niya’s facial appearance like black hair and appearing to have inherited my golden eye color, Niya calling her Bella Thunder, to my disgust of favoring a Veronica Thomas, novel involving a character with that name. I wasn’t sure what the point of that dream was as I dreamed another dream as if compelled by the Meritanians doing that joke onto me. I dreamed, I was in an airplane, belonged to the island nation of Lancelot Nation’s island of Ireland, on the way to the one of the island’s national capital city, National City for medical care. I’m unsure of where’s I came up with those identifying names despite aware that there’s a clone of me living in Lancelot Nation.  I adjusted the glasses on my face with a frown using a Human like hand and fluffed strands of my black night sky short colored hair from my face. 
I wondered to myself despite feeling my mind scanned “What will happen now?”
I frowned looking around the interiors of the airplane to see the passengers sitting in chairs with indescribable forms. Some of the people were sensed staring at me as I looked out of the corners of my eyes fussy with the glasses off my face. There were some brave enough to look at me in the face via sensing of being stared at despite looking at them. I still have the sense of being stared at or watched naturally, enough to look back at that was doing it even to a cat watching me. The staring, I sensed made me think it was anger as I sat in a chair and looked behind me. I could see a female of the Highlander, mind walking, human species, marked by their small eyes, despite multiple colored hair, and eye colors but always mind walkers. She lay on a hospital bed, behind me with needles attached to her arms. Her dark, sky, colored hair, lay spread, around her dirty, watered, human, like face, as her ears peeked out of her hair. There were tubes attached to the needles that led to packets of clear liquids. I frowned lost in thought, staring at her, sleeping form, lying on the bed covered in a blanket. I recalled to myself, the female was an athlete competing in the Terrania Unity Games, for Lancelot Nation, in Kenibia, an island, nation, formerly of Northern Africa, continent in Human’s Earth, history. Kenibia was used to be referred by the Humans, as a desert country full of desert sands and hardly anything living there but the Kenibians. I recalled the Kenibians were contacted by a mysterious group, unknown to their name, really the High Council that taught them how to live off land and built their cities. This including building their city of Abydos, as referred to that sand stoned city in Kenibia’s state of Egypt. 
“Egypt was Egyptia” referred by the Kenibians “seemed to be sacred ground for religious purposes for the Highlanders themselves.” 
Actually was where the High Council’s residence base on Terrania was actually underwater. I felt disgust take hold recalling that Abydos’ pharaoh ruler, built an inner stadium for gymnastics’ and other events involving the Terrania Unity Games, in the desert land state of Lydia, also known as Liberation, by the Highlanders, who insisted on that name the ruler, kept out of obligation. The nation in Human’s name was referred as Libya unsure of why’s the name was changed. The stadiums were built as a result, after hard years of labor, via the Human slaves, who were still considered slaves in Terrania, full blood humans, who weren’t a part of animalistic traits, involving mind walking or gills off the sides of their chests, for water breathing. The Humans without protest, built the stadiums and the equipment for the athletes, arrived from other nations, expressing interests in competing in Kenibia. The Kenibians declared their island name, United States of America, to the visitors but referred the nation as USA. They have historically balked saying why they picked that name of USA or the United States of America.
Instead they said “That name is a reminder of something bad that happened and needs to be remembered.” 
The humanoid versions of cats with Human like faces, despite clawed hands and clawed feet and a purring rumbling vibration or known as Kenibians refused to explain what had happened to call their nation that name. They had always changed the subject as a result which I felt annoyance recalling that memory fully. I recalled a memory involving someone named Tamyara Chennikova, like a clone was mind scanning someone else to remember that memory. I recalled that Tamyara was doing some acrobatic, judged event called gymnastics, on one event called the floor exercise, tumbling, when she crashed a passing tumbling, to be lying on the mat. I saw via mind was a male’s eyesight was sitting in the stands of the arena with Emperor Pavel Palin, of Oceana as the Highlanders’ referred the island nation of Australia, in Humans’ terms, including nearby island nations, bordering Australia, underneath the ruler of Oceana. 
Pavel Palin was Emperor of Oceana, ruler of the Highlanders, as assumed, despite Kenibians heard saying “He’s not the ruler of the Highlanders!”
I remembered the male’s name was Pavel Palin, referred as Pave, who remembered being with his father, watching the scene that he got up and started walking down the stairs, like in a trance with his two of Oceana’s guards, called Kaddar, following him. The Terrania Unity Games’ declared official doctor, Robb Marina was quick to reach her, along with other medics of his antennas like heads and black beady eyes species, dubbed Monarchs, for being medics, arrived. They took her off the floor exercise podium on a stretcher. Robb took off running straight towards Pave himself. I recalled that Robb waved a scanner over Pave and shook his head staring at people behind him. Pave only had eyes for Tamyara, who lay on the stretcher being escorted towards him, as he in a trance took her hands and she looked at him gripping them, before she went unconscious. Pave was sensed heard groaned to himself, remembering that was the way pairs were declared in Terrania, despite people falling in liking way with others. 
I recalled historically told by Humans who survived the great death of Edenia’s leaving orbiting Terrania “This hands’ touch is how pairs were picked, by hands touching each other and then declared mates. This hands’ touch was involving the pairs were like destined to be mates as the planetary world had picked them to do it.” 
Pave via memory had put his glasses on and turned around to stare at the Emperor, his father, with long cloud colored hair that folded his arms and had an angry look on his face.
I recalled hearing a voice in my mind sounding cruel and alien to me, appeared to say “You’re no longer my son.” 
With that look the Emperor walked away from Pave and left the arena with his guards following him, the guards stopped escorting him and ignored him, following the Emperor leaving him, alone with Tamyara. 
Robb had told Pave with himself barely listening “Tamyara needed some surgery which only Lancelot Nation could provide. They needed to take her to there immediately.” 
Pave as remembered telling Robb “Take her then.” 
Robb told him “You’ll have to accompany Tamyara as her mate to help her come through the surgery.” 
Pave was escorted out of the stadium towards a waiting vehicle that wailed its sirens like noises while flashing lights. Lucky for the two of them, there was an airplane waiting to take off, Tamyara and himself were escorted into it. The plane took off flying in the air towards Lancelot Nation’s island of Ireland, as referred by the Humans, but official name was Brittany for both Ireland and Great Britain, as Human’s names. From the memory in my mind, I saw Pave shook his long, blonde, colored, headed, hair, of the memory, frowning and adjusted his position to stare at the seat in front of him. He spied a magazine with his ocean, colored, Human, eyes, through the seeing glasses on his face, with items in the back of the seat in front of him and pulled it out. He saw the cover which had Tamyara in a pose facing the camera wearing her leotard, tight clothing, molded to the body for her to do her acrobats in gymnastics. He recognized that she was posing on an apparatus event called the balance beam, with her face seen facing the camera with a concentration look. 
There was the headline which Pave read to himself in the language dubbed Americanian unsure of how the language, got the name “National Hero, Tamyara Chennikova in her third Games!” 
Pave frowned thinking of the title and opened the magazine and skimmed the contents barely reading the words. He stared at the pictures of Tamyara displayed in the magazine frowning lost in thought. 
Exhaling air he leaned his head back and fell asleep despite hearing a Meritanian’s voice saying “Nighty night smarty!” 
The airplane according to the pilot’s announcing it, landed in Lancelot Nation’s city of National City. I came through a narrow hallway following an unconscious patient on a stretcher pushed by a medic who got priority to disembark first. I wound up following them including other passengers following. I saw the medic with other passengers reached the end of the hallway to see white lights of flashbulbs from cameras and voices talking a mile a minute at the end. At the end was another large hallway where a crowd of people stood held back by the city’s police in their tan uniforms. I flinched from the white lights as the police escorted the passengers through the crowds of people, through the large hallway of the airport terminal and reached outside, to see a waiting vehicle with lights and sirens blasting. The vehicle took me to the hospital despite I’m not sure why’s I was sent to there despite on the plane. Once reaching the hospital, I was ordered via compulsion to sit in a chair in the hallway for a lengthy time period. 
I wasn’t sure of why’s I was seated in that chair despite thinking “It’s a memory.”
I didn’t remember anything else as a result of the Meritanians mind wiping that memory out of my mind as orders of the High Council. I remembered later is some female with facial appearance and hair twin to Niya’s, came into the hallway jerking and walking like she was having trouble resisting to some walking status. I wound up via compulsion standing up and didn’t resist as she put her hands palms touching my palms. I did felt a great charged of pleasure hitting me from our palms touching palms. I wound up hugging that female as a result of compulsion to do it. Then once that hugging was done the female gave off hissing angry noises sounding like she was furious with something and slapped me onto the cheek followed by walking away, I compelled to follow. I followed her all over the place in the hospital eavesdropping onto her hissing language, I found myself getting it her wordings. She was issuing orders to medical personal from what I heard, including hearing snickering from the medical staff, them seeing me, following her, around like a dog faithful to its master. 
“Ugh.” said Tom Mindbender Thunder when relaying this to Recorder of memories.
Recorder otherwise known as Tamyara Palina, or clone of Tamyara Palina, spoke “What else do you remember, hmm?”
Tom Thunder as storyteller wishes to call himself, despite named Mindbender, the Assassin Lord, by the High Council on Terrania. He wound up speaking in response another memory, appearing to be something the Meritanians were sickening him, onto like anyone on Terrania to be given memories of someone and be pained by it. 

Tom found himself facing the Guardian of Life and Death, with an indescribable form despite sensing something of white colors and a male form. He gave the Guardian despite indescribable form a glare and waited for judgment, as he got a memory like he was watching via a TV screen. Tom recalled via memory of himself, getting raging sexual urges hitting him, after following the female, a twin of Niya’s, dubbed by the name of Rana Visser, enough to really want to mate with her. He recalled some sense of being stared at from above, but figured it was recorders and didn’t realize that Lancelot Nation had managed to stuff the Meritanians plants in the ceiling, to spy anywhere they wanted. The Meritanians were sensed to be the remains of Merra and Tank, the original of Terrania’s two twin Meritanians, that later changed personalities to Walls and Kiddy, after Edenia’s leaving orbit abruptly causing the great death. Tom wound up cornering Rana into the elevator to attempt to kiss her on the lips despite feeling a metallic thrusting onto the area. He didn’t realize it at the time that Rana Visser was roped into serving the High Council for her medical knowledge hence a clone of their dedicated servant Mindbender was sickened onto her for that roping. The High Council figured out that Rana Visser from looks of her was an original and not a clone despite their original servant Mindbender paired towards her. 
Tom as recalled that Rana slapped him onto the cheek and hissed “Your acting inappropriate for me!”
He gave her a glare and flared his Berserker side into her face flexing his clawed hand onto her cheek, touching the area despite she sensed disgusted and standing there with hands onto her hips. 
Tom once the elevator quit moving willed aside his Berserker and again followed Rana into the hallway despite a paging announcement said “Doctor Rana Visser to room four now!” 
Voice via what he remembered “Sounded of Barry’s Compeller’s voice tone to me ordering Rana to someplace.”
He again followed her to room four, to hear snickering from the medical personal like they were telling a joke, found he locked into a patient room with Rana finding no patient in bed. Tom wound up recalling himself filmed while in lockup in that room including an urge to strip his clothes which he obeyed. He got to his underwear garment till Rana appeared to roll her eyes, glancing at the ceiling something natives shouldn’t do out of bad luck, went into the patient’s bathroom, he followed along. Tom wound up following along but didn’t really mate with Rana instead willed forwards his Berserker and gave her the sleep command. He found Rana passed out to collapse onto the floor, he found the recorders in the room turned off as he carried her onto the bed. Tom found Barry via light show still clad in his blood red robes, holding a syringe with a long needle.
“Needle looked wicked bad to me.” said Tom telling the story. 
Barry wound up speaking “Kindly bare her abdomen now.”
Tom obeyed as Barry injected Rana with that wicked needle and put the contents into her via pumping method.
Once that was done Barry spoke “Just does something about her moon as the First Ones call it to make it seem like you mated with her unconscious.”
Tom found Barry disappeared in a light show which he again adjusted Rana’s clothes and thought of at the time “I might as well mate with her out of urges.”
He found his sexual urges deflate after he thought that thought as if anticipating him via mind sensed scanning at the time. Tom wound up without any hesitation thrust his fingers inside Rana that didn’t feel right to him and broke her moon as it’s called after adjusting her clothes. He wound up stripping himself of his underwear and lay onto the bed cuddling Rana leaving her clothes in disarray. 
He didn’t protest when he heard Tank’s familiar commentary “Wakey wake it’s rude to sleep when there’s guests present!”
Tom heard Rana wake up snarling “You’re a sick bastard!”
Tom wound up just rolling over ignoring Rana getting up from the bed adjusting her clothes as glanced at and going to the door banging onto it despite it locked from outside. 
She heard yelling “Enough of the jokes now! Open the damn door!”
Tom wound up getting up despite Rana ignoring him and still banging onto the door. He got dressed and as a result went to Rana willing forwards his Berserker’s side and recalled a trick involving unlocking a door. The trick involved putting a hand onto the door and mentally using telekinetic mind moving objects to unlock the door. He found that worked followed by willing aside his Berserker and opening the door. 
Rana walked out saying “Good riddance!” 
Tom again followed her all over the place despite blocked from entering patient’s rooms by nurses and other medical personal insisting to him “You’re to wait here!”
He obeyed to wait to their orders despite Rana seemed lengthy with the patient visiting to rooms and seemed angrier after she left each room. He wasn’t sure why’s she was angry or so but she was seen rubbing her abdomen area like expecting pain, in the area but wasn’t sure if she thought she was pregnant with offspring already. 
“I don’t remember what happened next after this memory was finished playing.” says Tom who adds “I do remember Rana able to birth the baby, a Drainer parasite, female named Bella Thunder. I’m still clueless to how’s Rana was able to birthed the baby despite knowing what those Drainer parasites do while inside females. I suspect her medical knowledge as a medic contributed to that birth. I’m not sure why’s she’s picked that name of Bella, other than that name is a character’s name in one Veronica Thomas’ works.”
Tom continued the story facing the Guardian didn’t have long to wait, as he found himself given life, then blown backwards out of the moon world, he saw was a dead barren moon of machinery, into Terrania from the looks of it. Tom found himself guided via senses to go towards a part of Terrania, he saw involved the Lancelot Nations’ Brittany islands. He kept on being guided till he focused onto a castle as if drawn in one island, he recognized as Ireland and kept on focusing as thunder and lightening flashed overhead. Tom found himself, going through corridors of a castle, finding various Mesan’s Curse nearby in the castle as he found himself drawn to a tower that had a bedroom in it after a set of stairs. Tom found a male lying on the bed that appeared to be him, from the looks of it looking dead, with eyes open to the world. He frowned as he found himself entering the male’s body and found himself breathing air, for the first time after a bit. Tom breathed deeply the oxygen that smelled of rain, from the open window including hearing the thunder booming. He found his body whined in pain in response to his taking over. Tom grunted recognizing the pain as poisoned status as he got up from the bed and went to a dresser as if compelled, to pull out a needle dart gun from the drawer and injected it into his neck. He sighed recognizing the drug’s effects, taking its work and eyed the gun to sniff its contents. Tom recognized the drug as a drug to make his body survive onto it instead of taking in nourishment. He grunted an annoyed sound in response to that drugged status and without a word went to the window to peer out. 
He got a memory of himself shutting the windows only to get Mesan’s Curse barging into the room, asking him “What’s going on? Windows shutting meant you as Sun Lord are sick with some ailment you don’t want the public to know.”
Tom peered out the window to view the scenery of long black waves on the ground while hearing noises. He exhaled a breath from memory finding the waves were people cheering and waving their hands, clapping in response to his appearance onto the window still. Tom found people were clad in twin clothes as he was, as Sun Lord as he gave the traditional wave via muscular memory, indicating it then went into his room further inside. He grunted an annoyed sound, realizing from memory that the Sun Lord was actually some figurehead to the public in Lancelot’s Nation of Ireland, depending onto him to lead them into a good mood to his disgust. Hence the crowds of people gathered outside cheering and dressed twin to him as Sun Lord for mood pleasuring. Tom felt annoyance take hold went to sit down onto the armchair and found him, urged to lay his head back via muscle memory of that. He obeyed to do it to eye the ceiling as if drawn to find a familiar spider like plant above, he recognized, belonged to spies of the High Council from Shadan that spied onto Humans, reporting recordings to the Meritanians to report to the High Council. Tom exhaled a breath to hear three knocks onto his door to his bedroom he assumed was the tower room. He recognized the knocks indicating visitor from memory of that fully into his mind, to eye the spider plant with suspicion running through him while hearing a faint snickering sound of a Meritanian. The Meritanian’s laughter sounded twin to Walls via noises despite thinking “This noises sounded of Tank’s voice.”
Tom frowned as he got a memory of his cloned Sun Lord’s self speaking “Entrance, granted!”
He spoke the words followed by lowering his head to focus onto the door finding the door open sliding like a sliding door. Tom frowned forming a familiar annoyance glare onto his face as he saw the visitor was a Mesan’s Curse, via description of the male arriving into the room. 
The Mesan’s Curse via scaly skinned clothes including a barrel shaped mask covering the head entirely spoke “You’re wanted out now!”
Tom heard the rude tone of the Mesan’s Curse, got up, via muscle memory of him in pain walked in pain towards the door, only to get the visitor thrusting his sword out and jerking it into a fast move to hurry up and walk. He obeyed to walk fast despite in pain and grunting and groaning softly. He walked out and took the stairs down as indicated by memory, hitting him, including muscles whining in pain from the poisoned status. Tom went down the stairs in a fast move despite his poisoned body whining in pain, he grimacing fully till he reached the bottom of the stairs. Tom found the Mesan’s Curse’s two guards there, at the doorway thrusting out their swords towards him into a gesture, he recognized was respect. He exhaled a breath and without a word gave the familiar salute of his hand onto his chest and entered the room, forcing himself to walk normally despite in pain. He forced himself to not to grimace from memory of that fully involving himself whipped onto the back when he was seen in pain by the castle’s inhabitants. Tom found the room contained a gathering of various, Humans, with golden like eyes and fish like finny ears, instead of Human ears, sitting around facing a golden chair. He sighed from memory of himself going to sit into the chair, obeyed, despite finding relief in sitting down. Tom found the Humans were in a semi circle surrounding smaller Humans, he assumed were children that hissed something to him. 
The hissing took him automatically to get “Tell us a story now, Tommy boy!”
Tom frowned hearing the hissing sounded firm like they were expecting him to obey, found himself compelled to speak figured he’ll let the Meritanians manipulate him to speak his story which he obeyed. Tom found himself speaking a story via hissing language of Americanian like he was fluent and noticed the Humans with fin ears were making some come gesture, towards him, speaking the story. He noticed other fin eared Humans the adults weren’t making that gesture at all instead were glaring at him, like they expected him to do something despite the offsprings still making that come gesture. Tom ignored that come gesture as if recalling it was feeding vampire method for the Hayu species’ offsprings to feed. He felt annoyance take hold when he noticed the adult Hayu as they called themselves were sensed angry about something and seemed furious to him, making him cut off his hissing story, involving an assassin named Mindbender.
Tom hissed out despite the children begging him “Continue telling us the story!” he spoke “What the depths have gotten you Hayu to throw a hissy fit now?”
He glared and ignored the children’s begging to find the adults looked nervous to him as he folded his arms. 
Tom found the children in response getting up and walking away some heard saying “He’s boring.”
He glared in response as the offsprings went to a Mesan’s Curse guard and started pestering him “Tell us a story!”
The guard Tom saw held up his hands into a surrender gesture and shook his head in a no gesture twin to a Human. Tom glared in response and got up from the chair only to find his legs wouldn’t hold him. He collapsed onto the floor onto his knees groaning loudly.
“Humph!” Tom heard from the Hayu adults sounding annoyed.
He glared with annoyance running through him as he hissed “Shouldn’t you be telling the children stories yourself instead of depending onto me doing that job?”
He formed a glare and got the Hayu adults looking nervous, followed by hearing whizzing sounds as the adults went to their children grabbing them into lock holds attached to their legs with fear sensed. Tom glared in response as he found his arms grabbed by the familiar Akylah, twin males, who appeared with whining squeal sounds. He glared in response as the Akylahs hauled him with his feet, stumbling out of the room out of the castle, to outside into the rain that was falling softly. Tom glared in response at the Akylahs, as he was hauled to a pole in the courtyard of the castle and wrists cuffed to it, followed by feeling his shirt yanked up to bare his back. 
Tom hissed in response “Whipping me?! Is that your answer to my rebellion?!”
He found no one answered him in response as he grunted from a feel of a whip hitting his back, awkwardly like someone was holding it and kept on striking him repeatedly. 
Tom grunted out hissing loudly “No wonder my predecessor decided to off himself with me in his place!”
He grunted as he felt the whip quit hitting his back followed a hand pulling his head sideways. Tom found himself facing a Mesan’s Curse with barrel shaped mask on.
The Mesan’s Curse was heard speaking in hissing Americanian “What did you say?”
Tom spat onto the Mesan’s Curse in response and repeated his words sounding firm and spitting blood into the Mesan’s Curse’s face. He ignored the Mesan’s Curse’s hand’s fingernails, felt like digging into his chin as he said his words while spitting out blood. Tom grunted in response as the Mesan’s Curse without a word removed his hand and his form walking away, with disgust sounded from the Mesan’s Curse giving off that noise. Tom grunted as he again felt his top raised up followed by again whipped. He found his whipping seemed to belong to someone else that was whipping him better instead of the amateur before. 
Tom grunted in response and hissed out “So I’m nothing but a toy for you to play with whipping and amusing Hayu with stories feeding their children nourishment?!”
He heard an angry roar sounding of a Mesan’s Curse that seemed angry to him from behind, followed by the whipping hitting his back that seemed erratic to him. Tom grunted and recalled his Berserker’s side found his poisoned status kept it, away despite trying to willing it forwards. He grunted as he felt the whipping continued to hit his back over and over to his disgust till he felt blood leaking from the area, making his back whine in pain. Tom found his knees hit in the process of the whipping making him dangle from the pole with his hands cuffed above him. 
He grunted out hissing “Don’t have a hissy fit about what I said!”
Tom heard a horn noise interrupting the whipping to hear “Oh blast that bastard his timing is not proper!”
Tom frowned hearing that wording from the Mesan’s Curse, behind him to find the male back in sight snarling loudly “You’ll pay for this, Tommy boy!”
Tom gave up a spit sound in response and adjusted his position to stand while finding his legs were still weak. He eyed the Mesan’s Curse who without a word walked away going into an arch of the castle that gave up a light show. 
He heard groaning from people around him including “Never around to give an explanation to what’s happening around here.”
Tom frowned but didn’t comment a response instead eyed the castle gate to find the drawbridge was down, followed by the metallic gate opening to show a group of riders via horseback, wearing black clothes with silver armored masks of sun, entering the castle. Tom gave them a glare despite sensing they could see him hand cuffed. He glared with anger instead of feeling the emotion of fear hitting him. Tom kept the glare and adjusted his position to stand leaning against the pole while waiting for the riders to dismount from their horses. He found five riders making a line towards him while one was seen still on horse galloping up towards him and halted the horse once an arm length away. Tom glared in response and kept the glare waiting for the rider to dismount his horse. He glared and found the rider instead of dismounting his horse, jabbing a finger towards him into some shooing gesture to his disgust. Tom kept the glare as five of the males in a line went to him taking off the cuffs from the pole but kept it around his wrists and hauled him towards the rider on horse. He found the rider on horse leaned down grabbing his hair short and appeared to be studying him. Tom gave up a spit of blood in response and didn’t protest as the hand felt onto his head seemed to tighten its grip onto his hair forcing his head up towards the sky. He eyed the sky to find a grey moon in the sky that looked like a machine from the looks of it as he shifted eyes to glare at the masked rider. The rider in response shook his head in a human, yes, gesture, confusing him but he recalled fully that his cloned double was always scared, when confronted by this masked rider, including avoiding having his eyes eyeing the male. Tom kept the glare in response and didn’t comment a response as the rider thrust out a knife towards his face. He ignored the knife realizing that his face wasn’t cut of a scar to his annoyance. Tom kept his eyes onto the masked rider in response that thrust the knife onto his face making a cut mark. He spat blood in response to that cutting and felt the pain was better than his pained back. Tom spat in response and didn’t protest as the masked rider put away his knife after wiping the blood onto his shirt. He glared in response and waited as the masked rider in response let go of his head and put hands onto the mouth area of the mask and appeared to be making a howling gesture. 
Tom heard nothing in response to that howling gesture instead heard a familiar sound followed by hearing “What’s so special for you to call me here?”
He recognized the voice as the Mesan’s Curse who whipped him as the masked rider appeared to make a come gesture towards someone else behind him. Tom got thrust aside sideways and kept the glare fisting his hands as he found the Mesan’s Curse coming into view with disgust sounding from the male. Tom glared in response with anger hitting him. He spat out blood at the Mesan’s Curse’s feet finding the Mesan’s Curse’s response was sound of disgust. Tom didn’t say a word in response, only to find the masked rider grabbing Mesan’s Curse’s head, appearing to grip the masked barrel part in a tight move, while hearing faint groaning noises of pain from the Mesan’s Curse. He glared in response and waited as Mesan’s Curse kept on the groaning, followed by hearing the male.
He was hissing “I’m the source of the order to whipping,” Tom he heard referred as “Sun Lord” to his disgust. 
Tom glared in response and waited as Mesan’s Curse grunted out hissing “Don’t yell in my ear, master! He said something of taking someone’s place to suffer this person’s sorry status!”
Tom found the Mesan’s Curse in response spoke “He said that joke I thought was a joke actually, not truth from what you saw from eyeing him in the eyes!”
Tom glared and found Mesan’s Curse in response groaning once freed from the masked rider’s hand’s grip who rubbed the top of barrel mask in pain. Tom kept the glare eyeing Mesan’s Curse who without a word, groaning loudly, walked away, appearing to go into a castle’s arch disappearing into a light show. He heard snickering like laughter of the Meritanians sounding into his mind that sounded alien, to Walls and Kiddy’s laughter noises.
Tom snarled hissing “Meritanians did a joke from the noise of them.”
He found the masked rider in response folding his arms and appeared to look disgusted despite face covered. Tom glared at the masked rider who made a shooing gesture and found himself led away from the male as he found himself led to the brig into the dungeons of the castle. Tom found relief hitting him, once freed from handcuffs and hand holds of the guards, to get thrust into the jail cell which he collapsed his body onto the floor feeling relieved to lie down. Tom exhaled a breath and laid down feeling himself urged to sleep which he obeyed passed out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling water pouring over his face, he feeling his body’s aches no longer paining him too much but stiffness felt. He found two of the masked rider’s guards were in the cell with him, one pouring a bucket of water over his head. He woke up and made a motion to get up, only to get forced to kneel by a guard as he found the familiar masked rider male standing, outside the jail cell with arms folded and looking annoyed by the behavior. 
Tom heard snickering like laughter from the Meritanians snarled “Meritanians doing another damn joke again. Bet you that their responsible for this joke done onto me and you, yourself.” 
He formed a glare and got back handed on the back of the head to his disgust as he heard “Silence! No talking unless the King orders you to do it!”
Tom found the voice seemed mental sounding into his mind, including finding his Berserker side in control, flexed a covered gloved hand towards the masked rider with arms folded. He kept the flexing till one of the guards yanked his hand down to his annoyance. Tom glared with eyes, narrowed despite his Berserker side in control involving his fanged teeth and extended jaw, sticking out of his face, including armored shoulders that were felt shredding the clothes, he was wearing. Tom glared in response and waited for the masked rider the King to speak. 
He heard a sound of disgust sounding into his mind followed by hearing “What do you have to say in response to this joke Tank, Merra?”
Tom kept his mouth shut and kept his mind blank in response as he heard sounding into his mind “You’re boring when there’s nothing happening to amuse people.”
He exhaled a breath through his fanged teeth hearing Tank’s familiar voice to figure that the Meritanians were stuck as spider plants into the ceiling, hence he hearing them and not seeing them around. He again heard snickering like laughter, from the Meritanians again, rubbed a hand over his eyes, while rolling them feeling disgust taking hold. Tom found his hand yanked from his face to force behind his back and handcuffed. He found his body better strength to follow the King out of the dungeon despite guards roughhoused with their handling. He ignored the guards’ handling him and kept his eyes onto the King’s back who led the way with guards behind. Tom glared and didn’t say a word in response as the guards and King led the way to the courtyard followed by he forced onto a horse and freed from the cuffs. Tom frowned as he found his Berserker side still in control to find the horse wasn’t spooked by that side by one guard holding onto the reins. He gave the King a glare and folded his arms with annoyance running through him. Tom didn’t say a word as the King made a shooing gesture, followed by a guard handing him the reins and he felt the horse take off running as if slapped onto the rump. Tom found the horse took off out of the castle and appeared to be following a path on the edge of a cliff over a roaring sea as he held the reins. He found his memories of controlling horses coming to his mind, willed aside his Berserker only to feel pain into his back of something hitting the area. Tom found himself slumped over the horse and struggled to keep himself onto the horse despite falling off followed by landing onto the grassed ground. He groaned from the pain of his back and rolled around to crawl onto the ground finding the horse had stopped its running. The horse, he saw, was nearby eating from the grass as if amused with the stunt played by the snickering noises it gave. Tom groaned and crawled himself towards the horse only to meet a pair of feet blocking his way. 
He heard the horse neigh in some angry toned voice which he hissed out “What do you want now?”
Tom found a hand gloved grabbed his hair and forced his head up towards the feet’s owner. He found the owner belonged to a female form clad in crude leather clothes of brown with a brown mask from the looks of it including eyes peering out giving him a glare. 
Tom glared in response and hissed “Something I can do for you? I’m rather busy now.”
He glared and found the female without a word thrust his head down into the dirt as if punishing him followed by he raising his head spitting out dirty mud. Tom found the female in response got onto the horse and rode away leaving him crawling onto the ground. He grunted from the pain into his back that felt more paining to him. 
Tom crawled himself away from the cliff despite thinking to himself “Throwing oneself over the cliff into the ocean isn’t an answer to everything painful hitting oneself.”
He kept on crawling hearing a neigh of a horse sounding nearby and raised he to peer via tall grass. Tom found a rider less horse running into his direction which he forced himself to kneel and waited as the gonoid reached him and halted. Tom without a word grabbed the horse’s reins and got himself with effort onto the horse back. He sighed from the horse sensed accepting him onto its back as he groaned loudly from the pain into his back making its presence known. Tom grunted and eyed the castle finding it within arrow’s distance to figure that an arrow hit his back on orders of the King. He gave the castle a fist gesture and a glare and without a word urged the horse obeying away from the castle. Tom found a horse path on the way of following the cliff, overhanging the ocean. He took the horse’s path despite finding it going into a forest jungle that had howling noises of gonoids that sounded like the howler gonoid Wolf to him. Tom grunted in response to the noises and sensed the horse seemed nervous going through the forest. 
He urged the horse to follow the path and willed forwards his Berserker in control thinking to himself “Screw the High Council and their orders on displaying this ability in control.”
Tom found the horse accepted him having the Berserker in control and seemed braver by him calm on top of it. He road the horse through the forest till they reached a clearing to show, a figure wearing brown crude clothes all over the form, into a female form with a barrel shaped mask of crude brown, blocking the way. Tom glared in response willing aside his Berserker, finding the horse giving off annoyance noises. 
He spoke loudly hissing “What language and spare me that trap your about to sprung onto me?!”
He glared at the female to find her throwing her spear onto the ground with hands onto her hips looking like she was annoyed to his words. He glared in response and didn’t say another word as the female added a howling noise, followed by joined by multiple females wearing twin clothing coming into view via bushes. Tom felt the horse seemed nervous underneath him kept his calm and force the gonoid to be calm. He kept the glare and eyed the female howler who jabbed a finger in his direction and made a fist gesture. he recognized was Human speak for some insulting middle finger method. Tom glared in response and found the females in response to his glare walking off into the forest ignoring him and leaving him alone. 
Tom hissed out “What’s wrong with being assertive anyway?!”
He heard another howling noise to find the females again, back into view surrounding him and his nervous horse. Tom glared in response at each female which two grabbed his horse’s bridle and forced the gonoid to a cluster of bushes, despite he sitting on it. 
He folded his arms and gave up a sound of disgust loudly including hissing “What’s going on with the stinking Meritanians and their jokes?!”
Tom heard nothing in response as the females got his horse, through the bushes, through the forest, seemingly lengthy, taking a path, he noticed seemed to make people confused. Tom noticed the path was all over the place and found the females were trying to hide their way to their campground, he assumed they were leading him to. He glared and didn’t say a word in response as the females had an enough of that endless useless leading got him, into their camp. Tom saw their campground was surrounding a stone cottage with straw on top of it as its roof. He frowned as the female leader, howled some noises sounding urgent to him. Tom frowned as the door to the cottage opened, followed by a female clad in colorful red dress with a red scarf on top of her head, came out, he saw she appeared to look twin to Rana, from her face.
Rana’s twin saw him and gave him a glare and spoke hissing “Get yourself off your horse now, get into my cottage for that injury to your back with that arrow sticking there.”
Tom obeyed despite sensing Rana’s twin was a clone of Georgina Visser. He found Georgina he referred her, without a word made signed gestures towards the females in crude brown as stood next to the horse. Tom found two of the females in response took his arms and made a jerking movement with their hands onto it and appeared to be helping him towards the cottage. Tom frowned but didn’t protest as the females got him inside the cottage, he saw had various herbs hanging from the ceiling including a fireplace with a fire roaring away and a bed of straw off the corner. Tom frowned as the females got him to sit onto the bed and heard Georgina, hissing out orders towards the females like she was their, leader involving healing patients. Tom soon found himself freed of the arrow stuck into his back and forced to lie down, onto his stomach, as the females, left the cottage, leaving him alone with Georgina, felt putting some grounded herbs onto his back’s wound. 
Tom heard Georgina hiss “So explain to me your new attitude now, Tommy boy?”
Tom hissed out in response “The name is Tom not Tommy boy!”
He shifted to glare at Georgina who spoke “Tom, you’re never this assertive from knowing you whenever King George, sends you out from the castle out of his disgust of your presence bothering him.”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “You won’t believe me if I tell you anyway.”
Tom resumed lying onto his stomach only to hear “Then tell me anyway since George managed to cut your face looking twin to a High Council servant named Mindbender despite knowing you’re a clone of him.”
Tom shifted to eye Georgina in response finding her instead of her glare giving him a frown with a pleading expression onto her face. Groaning Tom spoke his story involving himself known as Mindbender dumped into a volcano, followed by a piece of his attitude’s soul, dumped into the body of Tommy boy, who was disappeared to the world lying in his bed, of a poisoned status hence his attitude change. 
He resumed lying onto his stomach, once his tale was done and heard from Georgina in response “Anything else, Tom?”
Tom spoke in response “Don’t ask me whose idea was for this joke to happen. I figured the Meritanians are bored with their life that they stirred up this assertive Tom in place hence me acting like this.”
He felt Georgina grab his hair from behind, followed by forced to turn around onto his side and found her giving him a glare of anger with eyes golden. 
Tom spoke recognizing the golden eyed glare was twin to Barry’s “Confess your crime” glare “Alright! Maybe this assertive Tom isn’t the Meritanians doing it but myself doing it!”
He formed a glare and removed Georgina’s hand, from his head, finding her hand gripping his hand in response and appeared to want to read his palm. 
Tom ignored her glare and allowed Georgina to run a finger onto his palm, he spoke in response “Shouldn’t people learn to be assertive or what?”
He found Georgina in response thrusting him onto his back followed by freeing his hand and straddling him and kissed him onto the lips. Tom felt nothing of metallic thrusting blocking the way as she kissed him onto the lips. He kissed back in response and didn’t protest as Georgina’s hands were felt running up and down his muscular abs and chest. Tom recalled the mating with Victoria being nothing but a sexual dead end made no move to initiate the ritual. He found Georgina in response managed to free his sensitive part from his pants and gripped his private while breaking off the kiss. Tom laid there staring at Georgina with a frown as she ran her hands onto his sensitive part appearing to be exploring it, but making no move to get his private inside her. 
He frowned but spoke firmly “What do you want from me despite this ritual?”
He gave her a glare and found his sexual urges not activating from Georgina’s hands onto his sensitive part as she in response spoke “Just too long since I’ve kissed a male and felt his private into my hands. I’m spoken for when it comes to mating further than kissing and touching.”
Tom exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak “Interesting so you noticed this odd status involving sexual parts activating when in presence of a destined fated mate?”
He eyed Georgina who without a word gave up a loud groan and put his sensitive part into his pants, he rearranging himself followed by her getting up and hissing “Just sleep since you of all the people on this planet seemed to know what’s that destined fated mate status means.”
Tom frowned but found her giving him a golden eyed glare and making a sleep gesture by signed language in Human’s deaf sign. He obeyed to shut his eyes to feel a blanket covering his form, including a bit of an eye wear mask covering his eyes which he passed out unconscious.

 	Tom came to hearing a voice snarling “I’ll kill you myself for touching her!”
He jerked open his eyes to find himself still lying on Georgina’s bed, but wasn’t alone with her as he saw a male he recognized as Nikolas, clad in a skirt and nothing else on his form, choking the female. Tom willed forwards the Berserker, only to find Nikolas disappeared from his eyesight as if invisible, Georgina appeared to be choking visibly but clawing her throat for air. Groaning Tom willed aside the Berserker and got up from the bed only to meet Nikolas’s fist, punching him into the forehead, pushing him onto the bed into a sitting position to his annoyance. 
Tom grunted and gave Nikolas a glare of annoyance while hearing Georgina say “Help me!”
“Help you?” he heard from Nikolas who added snarling “Just don’t care and give a damn involving that!”
Tom got up only to get punched to sit again to his disgust. He opened his mouth to speak only to feel a hand clamped over the area that felt oddly like Poisoner’s hand to his annoyance. Tom frown eyeing Nikolas as the male thrust Georgina away from him, as a male with Poisoner’s looks, appeared into view, thrusting a foot onto the male’s front in a karate limber move. 
Tom mentally spoke in response as Nikolas and Poisoner had a fist fight “What am I supposed to do besides watching this?!”
Tom found an answer to his question as he found himself thrust backwards to find himself sitting in a stone chair chained to it. He found a force field projection screen in front of him a bit arm length, away showing not the fight between Nikolas and Poisoner but Rana giving him a glowing Compeller’s eyed glare. 
Tom frowned as he sat in his throne chair speaking loudly “What’s going on with this?”
He frowned as the projection showed a plant coming into view, he recognized as Meritanian variety and got a scene flashing into the screen. Tom grimaced with recognition seeing the scene of an assassination he did to a victim, a male. 
Tom eyed the scene seeing as he remembered the victim saying “I’m pleading and begging for my life to live!” but he killed him anyway. 
Tom recalled as if compelled that he got the victim onto the floor paralysis to hear the male speak “Help me!”
He grimaced recalling himself saying in response via Berserker’s talk “I’m not going to help you but put you out of your misery. So die!”
Tom found the male displaying golden eyes followed by them turning all red colored as if leaking blood. 
He sighed as he remained seated onto his chair thinking to himself “This must be punishment for killing a victim that was whining to be helped, I’m paying the price.”’
Tom willed forwards the Berserker to thrust a clawed hand onto the air making a finger mark and then willed aside the ability. He found the plant outside the projection screen disappeared, followed by hearing snickering like laughter that sounded sinister and bothered him. Tom groaned loudly and forced himself to sit in the chair, marking the days he sat in there till seven days past, followed by fed up with his trapped status.
Tom spoke “Help me if you care about me anyway!”
He found himself choked onto the neck by a hand and found something of fussy eyesight coming into view as he squinted to see. Tom heard snickering like sinister laughter followed by clawing the hand that felt like a clawed hand twin to Poisoner choking him on the neck that balked being removed.
Tom heard “I’ll have you into my kingdom in my servitude even if it’s the last thing I have to do to get you to serve me!”
Tom gulped hearing that voice’s commentary that sounded familiar to him in some hissing language of Americanian and found himself thrust backwards falling backwards. Tom found himself back into his body in control walking in an all white hallway with disgust felt within him. He found himself recalling a memory of the High Council ordering him to go to that apartment in a building in Rhineland and assassinating an annoyance god or Lance Richard’s servant to death, for trashing the group publicity. Tom obeyed to go to the desired door, finding he filmed, from senses blaring in response. He thrust forwards the Berserker then with his mental abilities, got the door sliding open and walked inside the apartment, finding the victim, a Lance Richard, looks alike, was sitting at a dining table, appearing to be eating food from the looks of it. 
Tom mentally spoke “The victim to fly towards my outstretched hand.” 
He found the victim flipping himself into an acrobatic move to have feet first hit him. 
Tom willed aside the fly command and wound up mentally speaking “Victim down!”
He found the victim flattening himself onto the floor to hear the male speaking “Please, please I’ll do anything to live! Let me live please! Help me god!”
Tom felt disgust take hold mentally spoke in response recalling what he did via memory was assassinate the victim “You disgust me with your pleading.”
He walked away without another word leaving the victim alive and once in the hallway willed aside his Berserker and kept on walking forcing himself to walk away. Tom went to the entrance of the building in the city of Atlanta and walked outside into the sunlight. He felt no compulsion hitting him instead felt he choked by an invisible hand, looked around at the people despite finding no one indicating them choking him invisibly via mental abilities. 
Tom frowned and willed forwards his Berserker to give off “Shield.” command. 
Tom wound up finding the people walking around him ignored him flaring that ability in control. He heard silence from the city in response to look around finding everything had frozen in place mid movement, to his confusion as he again heard the snickering like sinister laughter. Tom thought of roaring but willed aside his Berserker and found the city remained frozen but his neck was gripped by a clawed hand. Tom found via recognition belonged to Nikolas, still wearing his near naked status of a skirt covering his privates. 
Tom gagged out “…What…you…want…?”
He got from Nikolas in response “You will serve me with undivided loyalties.”
Tom found his eyes forced shut to come to hearing a honking noises sounding furiously angry to him. He blinked his eyes from the sunlight’s glare to find himself, in the street in front of a cab, with driver a Kenibian, cat like human giving him an angry look. Tom found the city back in motion, obeyed to get out of the cab’s way as the driver drove away, waving a fist out the window. He groaned and without a word kept on walking while eyeing the city with a frown finding the city’s area, looked twin to Rhineland’s city of Atlanta but there were differences. He noticed various people walking by him kept giving him glares of anger to his annoyance. 
Tom stopped walking only to get pushed to walk including hearing “Move it you idiot!” commentary repeated onto him.
He formed a glare and without a word willed forwards the Berserker to flex clawed hands into the direction of whoever glared at him as he walked towards a building he recognized as the High Council’s home building in Rhineland. Tom reached the steps to pause seeing signs of someone else, labeling the building, instead of the High Council. Groaning he again got pushed to walk away from the building, frowned allowing people to push him, all over the place, appearing to be a circle, around the building.
Tom after being pushed snarled “Enough of the pushing! Just get to the point of this joke!”
He halted his walking only to get choked onto the neck again via invisible hands which he willed aside the Berserker to see Nikolas was the hand’s owner still choking him. 
Tom found his efforts to free his neck from Nikolas’s hand met failure which he spoke “Just get to the point of this joke your pulling onto me, Nikolas!”
He heard from Nikolas in response “Nikolas isn’t my name. It’s Nightwalker and yes, you’ll serve me period with undivided loyalties. No, I won’t stop this joke till you do what I want is saying words of loyalty.”
Tom spoke “My loyalty is towards the High Council-“
Nightwalker, he assumed was the male’s name interrupted “The High Council are nothing but a pathetic group of scared Humans who are terribly afraid of me God of Hell, Nightwalker, Assassin Lord and your master so say words of loyalty or else.”
Tom gulped and spoke “I’m not afraid of you!”
He gave Nightwalker a glare who choked him in response, as he gagged for air followed by the male speaking “You will serve me or be trapped into this status you are now.”
Tom shook his head into a Human’s no gesture clamping his mouth shut as Nightwalker without a word forced his eyes shut and he found darkness arriving. Tom found himself floating via air, he recognized as space going towards a planet he recognized as Terrania. Tom frowned as he went to the planet like a satellite beeping noises and focused onto an area of the planet as if drawn. He found his eyesight showed the High Council’s home in Kenibia dubbed Egyptia or Egypt by the Humans. Tom found there were voices sounding of an argument to him, as he focused onto the words. He found himself back into his familiar chained chair watching a scene, he saw, was of via his eyesight. Tom saw Rana was pacing back and forth in front of his eyesight and appeared to be angry about something to his disgust. He felt his familiar feeling involving his sensitive, part itch, in response to Rana’s presence, as he rubbed a hand onto the area while still seated into his chair. Tom found himself appearing to be lying onto the ground from the looks of it as Rana paced back and forth in and out of his eyesight. He looked around via eyesight to find his eyes focused onto a Meritanian plant in the ceiling as if compelled to focus. Tom heard snickering like laughter from the plant that sounded familiar to him via sinister tones. He gave the plant a glare of annoyance and found the projection scene stopped flaring that scene but another plant he saw was of either Walls or Kiddy.
“What’s going on anyway?” He asked the plant.
The plant in response thrust a plant frond through the shielded projection which he got up and gripped the plant’s frond only to hear “You’ll serve me or else, Tom Thunder!”
Tom heard the voice sounded twin to Nightwalker’s via voiced tone found he back onto his throne chair still chained. 
He groaned out “What’s so special about me serving you Nightwalker anyway?”
Tom heard nothing in answer to his question groaned as he eyed the scene to find Rana coming into view with a familiar red eyed glare of Nightwalker’s and forcing his eyes shut via hand. 
“Help me out of this stupid situation now!” Tom yelled at the blank screen.
He found nothing in answer to his wording instead spoke after a lengthy silence “Why should I serve you when my loyalty is towards the High Council?”
He heard snickering like laughter in response sounding of a Meritanian’s voiced tone. 
Tom spoke in response “Can’t you tell me what’s going on, Meritanians?”
He heard nothing in response groaned and found the projection scene remained blank of blackness despite appearances of Meritanian plants coming into view back and forth. 
Sighing Tom spoke sounding bored in sarcasm voiced tone “I serve you Nightwalker with undivided loyalties.”
Tom found himself thrust out of the chair via someone pushing him followed by again gagged onto the throat including hearing “That tone isn’t appropriate!”
Tom recognized the voice as Nightwalker’s despite the fussy eyesight of unable to see clearly hitting him. 
He spoke firmly despite gagged “Fine…. I…will…serve…you…”
Tom heard a loud squawk sounding familiar as he spoke the words to hear from Nightwalker in response “Shut up Egypt with your noises.”
Tom frowned hearing Nightwalker’s comment as there was another squawk followed by hearing from Nightwalker in response “You’ll be called to servitude when I give the word, Tom Mindbender Thunder to serve me the Assassin Lord and God of Hell.”
Tom found darkness arriving to his eyesight followed by feeling nothing but pressure of a female’s body onto his front as if she was asleep. He found something covering his eyes as he removed the item finding it belonged to an eye wear mask. Tom frowned looking around finding himself in Georgina’s cabin, from the looks of some daylight vision shined via a window. He eyed Georgina in response appeared to be asleep onto his front with his chest pillowing her head. Tom frowned and rubbed a hand onto Georgina’s arm including patting her onto the cheek. 
He found her waking up with a glare of annoyance as he spoke “Isn’t it morning time to get up?”
Tom got from Georgina in response as she got up from him and the bed “Damn it your right!”
He frowned but got up wincing when his body whined in pain from the poisoned status as he found himself groaning loudly. 
Tom got from Georgina in response thrusting him back onto the bed and her snarling “Just sleep since you’re still suffering from the effects of poison!”
Groaning Tom obeyed to sleep on and off despite throwing up his stomach’s contents over the side of Georgina’s bed into a bucket as ordered by her. He once he was sure he was finished throwing up by his body no longer, whining in pain sighed and kept his eyes shut while wearing the eye wear mask. He found a hand slapping him onto the cheek along with the eye wear mask removed with force.
Tom glared in response as Georgina spoke “Get up and get out since you’re healed from your medical ailment! I can do nothing more for you! Go back to King George as he calls himself and use your attitude to force his assassin to not to poison you again!”
Tom groaned in response obeyed to get up finding himself no longer clad in clothes as Georgina point a finger at the door. 
He gave her a glare and spoke “What can I wear-“
“Get out!” he was interrupted by Georgina who flared her eyes golden of a Compeller and added talking Compeller’s gibberish.
Tom found himself compelled to walk out of the house onto a horse while still naked bare of no clothes. He found himself disgusted as the horse with a mind of its own went through the forest onto a path and appeared to balk his efforts to move the gonoid elsewhere. Tom willed forwards the Berserker and found his mental talk towards the horse to move elsewhere received balking and snickering from the gonoid to his disgust. Tom felt annoyance take hold willed aside his Berserker and thrust aside the reins while folding his arms. He didn’t protest as the horse took him back to the castle where he found the familiar King George, a masked king, standing in the courtyard with arms folded surrounded by guards all twin masks as he was. 
Tom spoke finding himself annoyed “What joke was this anyway?”
He gave King George a glare and waited as one of the guards gestured him to get off the horse which he found the gonoid balked his order. Tom frowned as the gonoid instead gave up bucking movements as if trying to thrust him off. He got off the horse and heard a furious whining sound from the gonoid and found it running off out of the castle. Tom formed a glare and fisted his hands while glaring at King George as guards grabbed his arms. He kept the glare and without a word got the guards’ hands’ holds off his arms via his combative art moves via muscle memory. Tom found himself drawn to a masked guard standing with sword out to go towards that male and found the male thrusting his sword onto him when he tried to fist. 
Tom willed forwards the Berserker and mentally spoke “Weapon to me.”
He found the masked guard flying towards him with weapon still in his hand as if appearing to stab him via gesture. 
Tom willed himself to calm as he cut the order then mentally spoke “Down!”
He found the masked guard hitting the ground as if obeying to his order, followed by guards all around him, acting panicky, by going to the masked guard and appearing to try to shake the male awake. 
Tom realized with a start “Oh your King George!”
He folded his arms keeping the Berserker in control and gave the downed guard King George he assumed a glare who remained lying onto the ground. He found other guards turning towards him thrusting out their swords and forming a line towards him into some attack pose, he recognized. Tom counted five guards with swords drawn that charged towards him with their weapons in front into a thrusting stabbing poses. 
He glared of annoyance and without a word mentally spoke “Down” five times finding his order hit home.
Tom found himself alone with the masked guard whose arms were folded as he gave the male a glare and waited with arms folded. He found the masked guard in response thrusting a finger towards him while sensing something from behind. Tom spun around catching the arrow via hands onto it and thrust the weapon onto the ground while still folding his arms with the Berserker in control. 
He mentally spoke in response “Mind reveal” towards the guard.
Tom found himself hit with a terrible headache that distracted him from focusing as he mentally cut the order including feeling a stinging pain onto his back that suspiciously felt like an arrow into the area. 
He mentally roared “Stop this joke now! Stop it! Just get to the point!”
Tom found himself passing out unconscious as a result in answer to his wordings.

Tom came to feeling a mouth kissing him onto the lips he felt nothing involving metallic thrusting instead just a feeling of rightness while kissing. He kissed back to find the kisser quit followed by forcing his eyes open via hand patting his cheek. Tom jerked open his eyes with annoyance running through him to find a female twin to Georgina clad in a brown crude leather dress was patting him on the cheek. He heard a loud ahem sound interrupting her patting followed by her darting off the bed and bowing. Tom shifted sitting up to find the familiar masked male was in the room with arms folded who jabbed a finger towards him into some thrusting movement.
Tom spoke finding himself annoyed “This damn joke better quit for I’m tired of it!”
“Joke what joke?” He heard into his mind in a familiar voice.
Tom recognized the voice as Nightwalker’s voice from the voice as he spoke “You want me to serve you just say so than playing this pathetic miserable scene of torturing me.”
He glared at the masked male as guards came into the room with whooshing sounds grabbed his arms and got him up from the bed towards the male to kneel in front of him.
Tom gave the male a glare and heard “You serve the High Council with undivided loyalties something you shouldn’t be doing.”
He spoke sounding firm “They give me a purpose to do to live despite I don’t have anything to do other than being tortured as amusement for people to play games with.”
Tom glared finding himself no longer angry but annoyed as he heard “Argh! You’re right on that talk!”
He found the masked male jabbing a finger towards him as he was thrust to a wall followed by a tapestry removed showing a mirror. He found himself looking at a male he saw wasn’t himself as Tom Thunder but with an appearance of Nightwalker’s looks in naked form with Tom Thunder’s scarring mark onto the face. He gulped seeing the appearance then realized why’s Nightwalker was insisting on having him serve the male because his appearance looked like Nightwalker’s himself.
Tom spoke sounding firm “Anything else you care to show me?”
He found the tapestry thrust into view then followed by resumed facing the masked male as he glared with annoyance running through him.
Tom heard into his mind “I’ve shown you what I can show you so tell me what you learned hmm?”
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak only to find a hand clamped over his mouth that felt clawed twin to Poisoner the assassin. 
Tom heard “No voiced verbalize words.”
He groaned softly and mentally spoke in response despite his mind scanned via senses blaring it “I should stick for myself with being assertive.”
He formed a glare and found the masked male in response putting hands over his mouth’s area and appeared to be making a blow gesture as he heard “You get the lesson.”
Tom frown finding himself thrown backwards to land onto something soft as a bed while hearing a familiar meow sound making him annoyed to hear. He found a female body familiar straddling him including a hand patting his cheek. Tom jerked open his eyes to find Rana clad in her nurse’s uniform including Pumpkin via sling with paws thrusting out was onto his front. 
She giving him a golden eyed glare and she snarling “Get up now! I’ve done what I can to heal you of that medical ailment!”
Tom spoke in response feeling himself annoyed and not angry from Rana’s snarling voice tone “Just let me sleep! I’m tired!”
He thrust aside Rana off of him and rolled over shutting his eyes forcing himself to sleep.
Tom heard a loud “Humph!” sound from Rana, followed by hearing “About time Tom did this assertive behavior instead of being a wallflower.”
He ignored Rana’s commentary that sounded like she was prideful and shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep passing out unconscious.

Tom came to hearing a faint ringing noise becoming louder and louder to his ears’ annoyance. He found himself lying onto stone floor, clad only into a bathrobe, via his form and nothing else for coverage on his body. Tom woke up with a glare, feeling he annoyed than angry as he got up and stood with arms folded. He ignored his familiar behavior to kneel while in present, of the High Council as he stood with a glare at the group. He found the speaker had his head bowed as the High Council, went into a discussion seemingly lengthy till the bald head Souler raised his head.
“Says you will serve us or else.” He heard from Speaker.
Tom spoke firmly “How many times must I give the words of loyalty towards the High Council in question despite saying them over and over?”
He gave the High Council a glare and got from the Speaker repeating his words which he spoke with sarcasm “You have my loyalty.”
Tom glared and waited as the High Council went into a discussion followed by the Speaker speaking “Says dump Mindbender into a body of water for him to swim off his angry mood.”
Tom heard snickering like laughter to find he dumped into King Winter’s iceberg kingdom from the looks of it. He swam among the icebergs while thrashing them away from him only to feel himself freezing cold abruptly. Tom kept on swimming to keep himself warm including thrusting icebergs away from him. He found himself dumped back into the High Council’s throne room still wet and clad into his familiar robe. Tom kneeled into his familiar kneeling pose finding his mood no longer bothering him.
“Says your words of loyalty now!” he heard from the speaker.
Tom made sure he eyed one of the High Council members and spoke firmly “You have my undivided loyalty.”
He gave the High Council member a glare and didn’t say another word as the speaker spoke “Says medical doctor take Mindbender back to where he can be attired properly.”
Tom got up finding Rana next to him that made his private ached from being in her presence. He wordlessly followed Rana out of the throne room to a cave hallway pass multiple curtained doorways till both reached medical bay. He found his private’s urges to doing sexual acts, too much for him, recalled Rana’s behavior, onto him forcing himself onto her via memory. He grunted and without a word entered medical bay ignored by Rana who went to her desk appearing to be sitting at the chair, ignoring him. Tom went to Rana and tapped her onto the shoulder she waved a hand away from him while picking up her book appearing to want to read.
He thrust aside his bathrobe and without a word grabbed Rana by the shoulders and snarled into her face despite her displaying golden eyes “I want to mate with you by how I’m feeling so give me medicine or anything for that since you’re not in the mood.”
Tom gave Rana a glare appeared to gulp but still displayed her golden eyes didn’t get a response from her as he proceeded to strip her of her clothes. Tom found her clothes considered pants and a top that was button down including a bathing suit like underwear underneath. He found himself unable to remove the bathing suit undergarment to give Rana a glare despite she kept on glaring at him.
Tom spoke firmly “Remove that thing off of you now, Rana!”
He gave Rana a glare as she obeyed despite still flaring golden eyes. He ignored her golden eyed glare and without a word towards her got her butt onto the desk and himself inside her. He thrust inside her feeling his sexual urges going away as he sighed and found nothing in response from Rana but a loud sigh sound, from both receiving the sexual charges. Tom made sure to pull himself out before he could spill inside Rana. He didn’t protest as Rana without a word managed to get her mouth onto his sensitive part which he spilled his seed. Tom sighed once he was done with the mating forced Rana to stand and without a word got her to resume putting onto her clothes.
He spoke once she was fully clothed “Thank you, Rana.”
Tom exhaled a breath finding her no longer displaying golden eyes as he without a word went to a bed and laid his form down shutting his eyes forcing himself to sleep despite tiredness hitting him passing out unconscious.

Tom came to feeling Pumpkin the cat sitting onto his front in a purring rumbling vibration. He exhaled a breath and forced himself to open both eyes eyeing Pumpkin despite nervousness hitting him. Tom gave Pumpkin a nervous look to find the cat in response licked his face with his rough tongue, followed by arching his back and getting off of him to jump off the bed. He frowned finding himself not too nervous in Pumpkin’s presence as he found Rana in vicinity thrusting clothes onto his front as he sat up. 
Tom gripped the clothes as Rana spoke “Here something for you to wear.”
Sighing Tom obeyed to put on the clothes of bathing suit, underwear, loin, clothe, and his molded to his form jumpsuit both in black. He found Rana got his slip on shoes onto the bed as she ignored the cat sitting onto her desk into a tummy sitting position, Tom noticed her watching him dress. He sighed and figured from Rana’s amused expression onto her face that she was ogling his muscular body. 
He ignored Rana’s ogling put on his shoes and spoke “Something I can do for you?”
Tom gave Rana a glare with arms folded and waited for her to reply, followed by her jabbing a finger at the medical bay’s entrance and giving him a golden eyed glare. 
“Whatever.” Tom spoke loudly with sarcasm.
He obeyed to leave the medical bay to go to the High Council’s throne room to again find the group was in a discussion with Speaker’s head bowed. Tom entered the room and ignored his muscle memory involving kneeling instead remained standing with arms folded. He heard two familiar click noises to find behind him Rana with Pumpkin in a sling appeared into sight including, Pave who both formed disgust onto their faces. 
Tom glared at the High Council in response and waited as the Speaker spoke “Says Mindbender, your oath of loyalty.”
Tom spoke firmly “I already said that repeatedly at every damn meeting to your presence. I’m so sick of saying that over and over like you keep on forgetting. Stop it now!”
He kept the glare and waited as the speaker bowed his head, followed by the High Council went into a discussion, seemingly one at a time hand’s waving gesture. Tom glared with annoyance running through him as he waited for the High Council’s latest orders. He didn’t have long to wait as the High Council flashed an airless projection screen, showing himself, walking into a hallway and forcing a door open with Berserker in control. Tom saw the camera view was appearing to be a floating, drone, from the looks of it, followed him inside the apartment he saw himself, managed to get the victim a male look alike to Lance Richard, onto the floor then willed aside his Berserker and walking away without doing, any assassination to the male. 
He kept the glare as the airless projection scene quit, followed by the Speaker speaking “Says what does Mindbender have to say for balking an order we asked him to do?”
Tom glared and spoke firmly “The victim said the code words I wanted to hear from victims before I do anything hurtful to them.”
He heard “Says what code words were they?”
“Begging for help is what I wanted to hear from victims so I can avoid this damned addiction to doing assassinations to every victim you order me to do.” Tom spoke firmly while in a snarling tone, he feeling himself annoyed.
He gave the High Council a glare while fisting his hands and didn’t comment a word as the Speaker kept his head bowed. 
Tom glared and got from the Speaker in response after raising his head “Says Healer take Mindbender out of our presences now, since he’s got the message we want to give him.”
He exhaled a breath finding various High Council, members behind the Speaker making throwing ball gestures towards the Souler, in response like the male talked something, he shouldn’t have said. Tom glared and without a word found Rana takes his arm, unfolding his arms and pulling him out of the room, he snarling a growling noise feeling his mood become bad again. 
Tom growled while hearing “Ugh! Damn the High Council!” from Pave behind him.
He ignored Pave’s comment, to find himself led to one of the caved quarters and order “Just practice your combative art moves since your upset.”
Tom found Rana’s hand off his arm, obeyed, to go into his practiced combative art Kata. He obeyed and went into the Kata finding his mood still bad as ever and still annoying him to be angry. 
Tom via recalling this memory spoke “I thought of screaming my head off via Berserker’s side in control, recalled myself fully killing a High Council group in doing that behavior.” 
He forced himself to practice karate’s combative art movements over and over including imagining, he fighting someone with equal karate. 
“Some of that karate literally felt like I was fighting someone in combative arts moves that didn’t feel like Rana doing it to me. I think Pave or Triton got involved and started kicking my seat in response to my upset mood. He must have recognized that my karate wasn’t doing anything to calm me, down, hence I literally fighting someone via combative arts.” says Tom.
Tom via admittance said “Pave’s karate reminded me of Jinks Montreal’s karate from planet Shadan via how well Triton kicked my seat multiple times to knock me down. I kept on having to get up via acrobatic moves of trained karate to fight him over and over.”
Tom recalled kept on doing the karate over and over till he felt himself, tired but still angry to keep on doing combative art, he felt him too tired to stand collapsed onto the floor and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.
“Nighty night Smarty!” he heard in his mind as he was put down asleep by the Meritanians to his disgust.

Tom sat on the bed in one of the High Council’s caved quarters, relaying this story to Recorder while Pave was seated nearby on the floor appearing to be asleep, but listening. Rana was seated next to Tom giving him playful swats onto his shoulder he kept ignoring her while relaying his story.
“You gang are wanted in the High Council’s throne room now!” as blared overheard by Walls.
Kiddy is heard snickering in response despite she hardly talks much while it’s Walls who does the talking of those two. 

Recorder and gang went to the High Council’s throne room via foot. Two of the gang went to stand, Pave and Rana with disgust seen on their faces, Tom kneeling as usual in his familiar pose and Recorder went to sit down in crossed legged position to record conversations in the room.

“Says you, Mindbender will strip your clothes and bare your back now!” as spoken by Souler speaker.
Recorder glanced up to notice Mindbender, obeying despite Rana, appearing to be scrutinizing the male via narrowed golden eyes. Recorder eyed Mindbender, during glancing up, to type to see, he had markings of Highlander’s language.
Language script “This is the one.” onto his back including no tattletale mark of a clone. 
He’s original to the curiosity of Recorder despite Pave looking annoyed and angry via he rubbing his head and looking like he’s about to throw a tantrum. What an idiot. 

Recorder heard from speaker “Says Mindbender is to resume clothes now!”
Recorder glanced up to see Mindbender, obey followed, by he doing his familiar kneeling pose to the disgust of Rana forming that expression on her face. Pave looks like he’s about to throw a hissy fit from his growling noises heard. 
Recorder wound up saying “Ahem Triton! It’s no place for screaming in here!”
“Says transport Triton out now!” Recorder heard from speaker to find Pave disappearing into a light show. 
Recorder thinks to herself “I might as well ask Pave when’s he’s calmer to tell me what’s his problem that got him angry.”
Snickering like laughter hit Recorder at the moment she thought that thought to type this down as speaker heard speaking “Says dismissed medical doctor, Mindbender and Recorder.”
Recorder obeyed to leave.

Recorder wound up with Mindbender and Rana in medical bay both, ignoring her while they were doing some kiss faced ritual onto each other, seemed like they missed each other or something from kisses. Ugh. 
Recorder felt annoyance take hold seeing that kissed faced ritual mentally spoke in response “What caused Triton to throw a hissy fit anyway?”
Recorder heard nothing in response to her question but figured to herself “I’ll ask Pave when I see him later.”

Recorder later got an answer to Pave’s angry fit of him saying when he’s calmer “I was throwing an angry fit in King Winter’s kingdom in response to realizing who Tom or Mindbender, mentioned that name of Jinks Montreal to me. I realized I’m a clone or altered clone of Jinks Montreal, himself, created via piece of Paul Palin to raise and take over the Emperor throne when the Oceanans insisted on a male to take the throne. They haven’t insisted on that yet, but their accepting of Anastia, my older sister, the oldest of us, appears to be born with some manipulation done onto her while her Mother, Raisa, carried her. Ugh. Also I threw a hissing fit into King Winter’s ear when he caught me unwilling to play games with Ramia by hissing at her. Poor Ramia! She whined to King Winter. He caught me in response to yell into my head of how rude I was. Bloody to King Winter! Oh well.”
Recorder wound up asking Pave “How’s Ramia after King Winter yelled at you?”
“Ramia is fine.” said by Pave sounding sleepy who in response passed out unconscious in front of Recorder while lying on one of Rana’s beds.
Recorder found snickering laughter sounded in her mind along with hearing “Nighty night Smarty!”
Recorder felt herself put down asleep by the Meritanians so will type more when woken up later despite noticing Tom and Rana are into some kissing faced ritual at the moment. Ugh.

End File of Recorder or Tamyara Palina as dubbed by the High Council. 
