Files of High Council 2
A.D. Terrania/Edenia Series
By Beth Hoyer
Copyright Smashwords

Begin file on Triton:
Triton as named an assassin minion of the Assassin Lord otherwise is known publicity as Pavel Palin as dubbed Pave. He is a member of the Aquarian water species of Human with gills off the sides of their chest sat in the chair inside of the flying airplane lost in thought. He appeared to ignore his mind being scanned by a Meritanian plant in the vicinity aboard the plane. He was in an airplane belonged to the island nation of Lancelot Nation’s one of their isles on the way to the one of the islands’ national capital city National City for medical care. Pave was seen adjusted the glasses on his pale peaceful cloud colored face with a frown using a webbed Human like hand and fluffed strands of his long blonde colored hair. The Aquarians were always blonde with gills off their sides of the chests for breathing underwater including blue eyes and webby like hands. It didn’t matter if they were male or female for the look is always the same. Not sure where the Aquarians originated but appeared to be Oceana before Edenia left the planet to become Terrania as known now. 
Triton was thinking via mind scanned by a Meritanian at the time thinking “What will happen now?”
He frowned looking around the interiors of the airplane to see the passengers sitting in chairs some were looking at him out of the corners of their eyes. There were some brave enough to look at him in the face. Their looks in their faces were of disbelief and some were of shock. Triton sat in the chair and looked behind him. He could see his declared female mate Tamyara Chennikova, of the Highlander mind walking Human species marked by their small eyes despite multiple colored hair and eye colors but always mind walkers. She lay on a hospital bed behind him with needles attached to her arms. Her dark sky colored hair lay spread around her dirty watered Human like face as her ears peeked out of her hair. There were tubes attached to the needles that led to packets of clear liquids. Triton frowned staring at her sleeping form lying on the bed covered in a blanket with ranges of emotions on his face. His last emotion was seen as a grimace of disgust. It was recalled Tamyara was an athlete competing in the Terrania Unity Games for Lancelot Nation in the Kenibians’ an island home formerly of Northern Africa continent in Human’s Earth history. The island home was used to be referred by the Humans as Northern Africa and Middle East. It’s mostly a desert country full of desert sands and hardly anything living there but the Kenibians. The Kenibians were seen as some humans that were versions of cats with clawed hands and purring vibrations felt via their throats when they were happy. Their eyes were also cat like colors of green creeping people out when they stared at people intensively. It’s recalled the Kenibians were contacted by a mysterious group unknown to their name that taught them how to live off land and built their cities. Group turned out to be the High Council’s minions trying to gain favor with the Kenibians by teaching them various things of survival in response to wanting a piece of their island nation as their home. The teaching included such as building their city of Abydos as referred to that sand stoned city in Kenibia’s state of Egypt by the Humans as called. Egypt was Egyptia as referred by the Highlanders and seemed to be sacred ground for religious purposes for the mind walking species themselves. Egyptia is actually the home of the High Council’s base living in Terrania in caves underwater.  There’s historical recalling that Abydos’ pharaoh ruler built an inner stadium for gymnastics and other events involving the Terrania Unity Games in the desert land state of Lydia known by Humans as Libya. Lydia is also known as Liberation by the Highlanders who insisted on that name the ruler kept out of obligation. 
Liberation is the area where the Highlanders achieved domination onto the Kenibians despite they overheard thinking “Oceana’s Emperor is the leader of the Highlanders and not the High Council.” 
The stadiums were built as a result after hard years of labor via the purebred Humans who were slaves who were still considered slaves in Terrania for full blood humans who wasn’t a part of animalistic traits involving mind walking or gills off the sides of their chests for water breathing. The Humans without protest built the stadiums with help of the Kenibians doing that job assisting them despite the High Council tried to make Humans being the primary job care. Kenibians to this day still are balking on these Humans as slaves without any help doing jobs attitude. Kenibians currently depend too much onto Humans for competing into athlete events in the Terrania Unity Games to win gold medals than any other species in Terrania competing. The equipment for the athletes arrived from other nations expressing interests in competing in Kenibia. The Kenibians declared their island name United States of America to the visitors but referred the nation as USA. They have historically balked saying why they picked that name of USA or the United States of America.
Instead they said “That name is a reminder of something bad that happened and needs to be remembered.” 
The cats Kenibians refused to explain what had happened to call their nation that name. They had always changed the subject as a result which the High Council always felt annoyance recalling that memory fully. 

Triton via mind scans of the Meritanian plant not acknowledging his mind being scanned recalled that Tamyara was doing some acrobatic, judged event called gymnastics, on one event called the floor exercise, when she crashed a passing tumbling to be lying on the mat. Pave was sitting in the stands of the arena with Emperor Pavel Palin of Oceana as the Highlanders’ referred the island nation of Australia in Humans’ terms including nearby island nations bordering Australia underneath the ruler of Oceana. 
Pavel Palin was Emperor of Oceana ruler of the Highlanders as assumed despite Kenibians heard saying “He’s not the ruler of the Highlanders!”
Kenibians have accurately said “The ruler of the Highlanders is the High Council!”
Not so sure why Kenibians is has been saying that accurately despite the High Council trying to hide their leadership of Highlanders from Terranian natives.

Triton remembered being with his father watching the scene that he got up and started walking down the stairs like in a trance with his two of Oceana’s guards called Kaddar following him. The Terrania Unity Games’ declared official doctor Robb Marina was quick to reach her along with other medics of his. Monarchs are Humans with antennas sticking out of their heads like bugs and black beady eyes twin to the former species dubbed Tennans that were bugs. Monarchs are known for being medics. They arrived to Tamyara and stabilized her onto a stretcher. They took her off the floor exercise podium on a stretcher with the applause sounding scattered and people gasping of shock. Robb was seen took off running straight towards Triton himself. Robb waved a scanner over Triton and shook his head into a Human yes gesture while appearing to be eyeing Triton’s father. Triton via mind scans had only had eyes for Tamyara who lay on the stretcher being escorted towards him as he in a trance took her hands and she looked at him gripping them before she went unconscious. It remembering that was the way pairs were declared in Terrania despite people falling in liking way with others before Edenia left the planet. It appears that pair’s declaration was still in use despite something else used to do this involving something forbidden. It’s recalled via files that the High Council was historically by Humans who survived the great death of Edenia’s leaving orbiting Terrania is how pairs were picked by hands touching each other and then declared mates. This hands’ touch was involving the pairs were like destined to be mates as fate had picked them to do it. 

Triton had put his glasses on and turned around to stare at the Emperor, his father with long blonde colored hair that folded his arms and had an angry look on his face.
Triton via talk said “I recalled my father appeared to say ‘You’re no longer my son.’” 
With that look the Emperor walked away from Triton and left the arena with his guards following him the guards stopped escorting him and ignored him following the Emperor leaving him alone with Tamyara. 
Robb had told Triton with himself barely listening “Tamyara needed some surgery which only Lancelot Nation could provide and they needed to take her to there immediately.” 
Triton via talk remembered telling Robb “Take her then.” 
Robb told him “You’ll have to accompany Tamyara as her mate to help her come through the surgery.” 
Triton was escorted out of the stadium towards a waiting vehicle that wailed its sirens like noises while flashing lights. Lucky for the two of them there was an airplane waiting to take off which Tamyara and himself were escorted into it. The plane took off flying in the air towards Lancelot Nation’s island of Ireland as referred by the Humans but official name was Brittany. Triton was seen shaking his long blonde colored headed hair of the memory frowning and adjusted his position to stare at the seat in front of him. He spied a magazine with his ocean colored entirely blue eyes through the seeing glasses on his face along with items in the back of the seat in front of him and pulled it out. He saw the cover which had Tamyara in a pose facing the camera wearing her leotard, tight clothing molded to the body for her to do her acrobats in gymnastics. He recognized that she was posing on an apparatus event called the balance beam with her face seen facing the camera with a concentration look. 
There was the headline which Triton read to himself in a language unsure of the name “National Hero, Tamyara Chennikova in her third Games!”

Tamyara Chennikova was declared a national hero for winning gold medals in major competitions involving gymnastics related sporting events for the nation of Lancelot Nation. 
This gold medal status attracted the eyes of the High Council who tried to get her into servitude but she refused repeatedly by claiming “This is against my beliefs.” 
High Council managed to rope Emperor Pavel Palin to give Tamyara a water bottle with poison in it to make her pay for her refusal and believing into the annoyance god Lance Richard. Hence Tamyara’s crashing onto the floor exercise after poison took effect. 

Triton wound up recalling he thinking of the title of national hero and opened the magazine and skimmed the contents barely reading the words. 
The language was not readable for him to read via admittance despite the High Council saying “The language is Human influenced to believe in left to right reading instead of up and down starting at the right side and going down like we believe.”
Triton wound up stared at the pictures of Tamyara displayed in the magazine frowning despite unable to understand the wording of the language’s uses in it. Exhaling air he leaned his head back and fell asleep as observed by spies of the High Council. 

The airplane landed in Lancelot Nation’s city of National City. Triton came through a narrow hallway following an unconscious Tamyara on a stretcher pushed by a medic. They reached the end of the hallway to see white lights of flashbulbs from cameras and voices talking a mile a minute at the end. At the end was another large hallway where a crowd of people stood held back by the city’s police in their tan uniforms. Triton was seen flinched from the white lights glaring into his eyesight. His eyes appeared to be focused only on Tamyara. The police both Humans and Highlanders escorted them through the crowds of people through the large hallway of the airport terminal. The group reached outside to see a waiting vehicle with lights and sirens blasting. The vehicle took them to the hospital. Once reaching the hospital Tamyara was taken away leaving Triton to sit in a chair in the hallway via recorders. Recorders show Triton sat in a chair sitting with a frown look on his face outside the hallway doors that led another part of the hospital where it was assumed was Tamyara being operated on. He sat still wearing his royal Oceanan clothes which were earth colored pants, a stormy ocean colored jacket with the Oceanan seal of a trident on the left side with a cloud colored shirt underneath. The doctor came out in scrubs to stand at his side ignored by Triton who seemed to be lost in thought heard a throat clearing like sound and looked at the doctor standing at his side. 
The doctor spoke in Basic, the international language “Americanian yes? Basic’s bad.”
Basic bad for Lancelot Nation natives was on purpose to make them servitude to the High Council in learning Basic as in taught in school. The national language of Lancelot Nation is called Americanian despite there rumors of a nation called Americania before Edenia left orbit. High Council is still trying to find out about this subject.
 
Triton was heard replied in Americanian “Americanian yes I speak it and is fluent.” 
The doctor spoke “I’m Doctor Leif Jensen. Tamyara has a problem with her back which went undetected till now. The surgery was to help restore function but not successful with her legs and feet.”
The doctor paused as Triton stared at him with a confused expression and continued talking “I’m sorry but Tamyara has lost her walking ability and is now wheelchair bound.” 
Triton appeared to don’t realize that Tamyara was poisoned appeared to put a hand on his face moaning out as the doctor stared at him “First Palin, now this?”
Jensen spoke “I’m sorry about this but Tamyara will be told once she’s awake from the surgery.” 
Triton stood up and began to pace walking back and forth like he was upset as the doctor stared at him with a nervous look. 
He asked Jensen “Can I see her?” 
Jensen replied “Once we have her in a room. A nurse will arrive to take you there. I’m needed elsewhere.” 
The doctor left Pave and entered a set of doors with nervousness seen from the male. Recorders caught the doctor appearing to make a hand gesture onto the chest twin to the gesture that Lancelot Nation natives used when saluting their flag in gold medal ceremonies of the flag raised with music. 

Triton was observed kept his pacing stood in front of the chair and gave it a kick with his foot. He grabbed the chair in anger and threw it across the hallway which bounced off the wall with a banging sound. 
Triton yelled in Americanian “To the depths!”
He kept pacing while looking at the double doors to the hallway with anger on his face. Triton didn’t know how long he was pacing when the doors to the hallway opened as a nurse as assumed was the female wearing a blue shapeless dress twin to the Lance Richard’s believers came out with a frown look on her face. She was seen grimacing seeing Triton glare at her as seen via recorders above. 
She spoke in Americanian “You’re Pavel Palin?”
Triton stood and glared at her and curtly replied in the same language “I’m Pavel Palin referred as Pave.” 
The nurse spoke “Follow me.”
He followed the nurse while glaring at her back towards an elevator which took them up several floors and they reached a large hallway room surrounded by doors. Triton heard screaming coming from one of the doors and recognized the voice by his behavior indicating it. 
He ran towards one of the doors where the screaming was from to see Tamyara wearing a hospital gown while sitting up on the bed with her face in a grimace shaking her head and screaming out “No, no, no!”
The doctor, Jensen was there trying to calm her down with his hands on her arms as she shook by calmly speaking “I’m sorry, Tamyara.” 
Tamyara’s response was to scream out “You’re sorry?! You’re not sorry!”
Triton ran in the room to stand at her side at the bed with pleading onto his face seen by witnesses in the room including recorders. 
Tamyara seeing him grabbed his jacket pulling him closer to her and yelled in his face “It’s your entire fault Pave!”
Triton’s reaction was only stared at her with speechless shock as the doctor grabbed his arm and pulled him out of the room. 
The nurse closed the door behind them as Jensen spoke “It’s not your fault, Pave. She’s having a reaction to her medical condition which is normal.” 
Triton’s reaction was he groaned and went to the chair next to the door and hyper vented air breathing hard. He sat in the chair leaning forwards with his head between his knees, his breaths becoming gasps as he choked trying to breathe air. 
The doctor yelled “An aqua tank now!” 
Triton sat in the chair as he sensed darkness coming clouding his eyes sight and yanked his glasses off for them to settle on his chest attached to a chain. He felt something put over the lower half of his face, wrapped around his head and waved his arms resisting to that as liquid arrived through the mask.
Triton heard a voice speak compelling him “Breathe Pave, breathe!”

The voice sounded like a compeller’s voice tone ordering Triton to breathe the liquid in the aqua tank but it sounded male terms. It was noted that the recorders recording the scene went black followed by picking up the compeller’s voice tone ordering Triton to breathe then the cameras resumed function showing only Doctor Jensen there with the familiar female nurse accompanied him. It’s suspected that the nurse is a compeller despite it unsure if Monarchs have compelling abilities. Only Humans some purebred can compel people to do things via voice orders. 

Triton was observed appearing via recorders to obey the compeller’s order breathing the liquid through his nose and mouth together at the same time. With a groan Triton’s fainting feeling as if sensed the darkness clouding his eyes sight fade. 
Triton was staring clearly at Jensen who was staring back at him with a glaring expression that he said later “Reminded me of confess your crime. Ugh.”
Triton wound up breathe looking at Jensen who spoke “You were having an oxygen attack, occasionally happens to your species, normally hits when under extreme stress.”
Triton nodded his head getting the message and concentrated on breathing the liquid.

Triton recalled later told of Tamyara’s reaction of herself alone in bed after she gave up her denials involving loss of walking ability. 
Triton was told by the High Council’s minions Recorder “Tamyara was sat on the one person bed with anger sensed from her. She appeared to form a frown with a lost in thought expression on her face seen via recorders. Tamyara appeared to acknowledge she heard the door to the small room open.
Tamyara was seen looking to see Pave wearing some mask attached to his lower face came in the room with the doctor Jensen who was speaking ‘Here, sit on the bed and try to relax, Pave.’
She was sensed to be angry enough to give another hissing fit as she watched as Jensen set the other bed for Pave to sit up on it. The nurse followed them with a big box on a cart that had a tube attached to the mask on Triton’s face. Tamyara was seen quiet while she sat with arms folded glaring at the doctor as Triton sat in a sitting position bow his head down breathing the liquid through the mask. Triton was seen sucking the liquid in and out and looked at Tamyara as seen via recorders.” 
Triton via admittance by the High Council watching the recording of that scene spoke “Tamyara mind walked my mind telepathically and heard my thoughts say ‘I’m sorry, Tamyara.’” 
Then Triton was seen looked down still breathing the liquid. Tamyara was heard by Triton on admittance groaned some sound and recordings showed her leaning back in bed lost in thought. She was seen looked at her mate and appeared to have sensed Triton had fallen asleep then went to close her eyes letting sleep over come her. 
Triton spoke “I recall I fell asleep despite hearing a familiar commentary sounding in my mind ‘Nighty night Smarty!’” 
Triton later learned belonged to a Meritanian saying that. 

It’s unsure of what Meritanian was saying that saying to Triton despite the male claimed the voice sounded male to him. Lancelot Nation is out of mind scans of Walls and Kiddy the two Meritanians living in the ocean off Oceana’s island of New Zealand as referred by the Humans. The island is referred as Meritania for being in vicinity of protecting the Meritanians from the harsh unforgiving seas involving storms. The mysterious Meritanian speaking that wording was assumed to be a piece of Tank that survived the transfer of Walls and Kiddy taking the places of Merra and Tank them in another planet dubbed Shadan. Unsure of what happened to Shadan at the moment. 

Doctor Jensen was observed via presses to arrive to the Press room which housed the press who were sitting in the room watching and waiting for him to arrive. Flashbulbs of cameras went off as Jensen went to the stage and went to the microphone as the crowd of people went silent expecting him to speak. 
Jensen spoke to the press “I’m Doctor Leif Jensen, her surgeon. Tamyara Chennikova is doing well from her surgery. She had a medical condition related to her back which went undetected till now. The surgery was to help repair function but not to her legs and feet. I must regret to inform you that as a result Tamyara have lost her ability to walk and is wheelchair bound. ” 
Jensen paused as the crowd heard paused to hear gasps and murmurs among the people in the room who looked at each other.
Some of those people overheard saying “What about poisoned? I’m surprised that doctor isn’t mentioning a poisoned status? It’s common for Oceanans to poison people they don’t like with the Emperor’s reaction to his son’s pairing towards Tamyara seem like he didn’t like her. What’s going on with this?” 
The doctor appeared to be not listening to that conversation instead appeared to suffer from a headache of his mind scanned by hand rubbing his forehead and appearing to be eyeing a black plant on the stage with anger sensed. Black plant is twin to a Meritanian but unsure of whom that plant is either Merra or Tank. Not sure.  
One of the press people ignoring the conversation involving poisoned yelled out overheard “Could her athlete status be the cause of her medical condition?!”
Jensen was quick to reply “No, the athlete status made it easier for Tamyara to live this long with the medical condition.”  
Another yelled out “Is her family being notified?!”
Jensen replied “Her family, I’m told, is on their way here from Kenibia. They’ll be told of Tamyara’s medical condition, thank you no further questions.” 
Saying those words Jensen walked from the room and stood in the hallway appearing to look like he was shaken emotionally via the recorders recording his move from above him. 
Jensen was seen leaned against the wall with a frown and then straightened up to walk away overheard speaking out loud “You have much to learn.” 
That talking wording wasn’t explained as a result despite Jensen later disappeared soon after Tamyara’s disappearance or death in Human terms. Jensen’s disappearance isn’t death in Human terms it involves him going missing and never seen again soon after Tamyara’s death. 
Still trying to find out what happened to Jensen despite doctors and nurses at the hospital claiming to questioners asking about Jensen “Jensen’s gone to be with the Master.”
Unsure of who’s the Master is despite Lance Richard’s annoying influences found within Lancelot Nation. Lance Richard is an annoyance god by the High Council including the religious fanatics referring him as All Seeing One God. 

A Meritanian was sensed within the vicinity of Tamyara who was sleeping with mind scanned. Her mind scanned by a piece of Walls in plant form in the room was she snoozed dreaming of her life as an athlete. In the dream she could walk and do acrobats. She dreamed of her floor exercise routine on Kenibia finishing the routine to receive a perfect score of a twenty. Unsure of the numbering but that’s what the gymnastics routines are rated from zero to perfect scores of twenties. She woke up when abruptly she felt a familiar mind and opened her eyes to stare at her twin sister Tanalla Chennikova, a Highlander like herself who stood by her bed staring at her. Their parents as sensed were in the hallway chatting with the doctor. 
Tamyara sat up with her sister’s help and mentally spoke via her mind to Tanalla’s mind with Walls via plant form eavesdropping “Hi Tan, what happened?”
Her sister’s response was to put a shiny metal object with cloth attached to it over Tamyara’s neck identified as the gold medal natives athletes of the Terrania Unity Games seeks to achieve to win. 
Tanalla spoke voice speaking in Tamyara’s mind “Tam, after you were taken, we were in second place in the teams. Then we competed in the last two events and managed to do well enough to place first.”
Tanalla appeared to pause noticing the shocked look on Tamyara’s face whose hand picked at the gold medal around her neck in some annoying method of caring. 
Tanalla continued “We won the team title over Oceana and the Kenibians placed third.”
Tamyara mentally asked in a voice in Tanalla’s mind “Oh, how are coach and the team doing?”
Tanalla answered “The team is a little shaken but doing ok enough to do their best in the individual finals. The coach as usual is still a little mad and not happy with what’s going on.” 
Both sisters frown in silence Tamyara saying “Blast I hope the coach doesn’t throw a hissy fit in response to me out of competition.”
Tanalla was saying “Coach is fine for she’s got others to take your place that’ll do the job willingly.” then Tanalla asked verbalized omitting Tamyara’s response “How is life with Pavel Palin?”
They were seen both looked at Triton sitting on a bed next to hers with his head down without the mask on. Somewhere during his sleep his oxygen attack got stabilized and his mask wound up removed but he kept the sleeping in sitting up position despite appearing to be asleep when he wasn’t.
Triton via admittance said “I wasn’t really asleep despite I appeared to be asleep with my head shaking which I was saying in a Human’s gesture of no. I never heard Tamyara’s response to that question after that.” 
Tamyara hoping to spare Triton’s feelings wound up mentally replied “I don’t know I have no idea yet.” 
Tanalla spoke using her voice “I heard that his father was seen going around the events with an angry look on his face and he was acting upset. His guard, Tikcanni was seen trying to calm him down.” 
Triton heard steps in the room which recorders saw the parents of the Chennikova sisters, both of the Aquarian species. That despite birthing twin Highlanders births common among natives to have other species despite some cases of multiple babies carrying. Their mother, Rain Chennikova and their father, Mariano Chennikov came in the room both with worry on their faces.

The Humans’ terms for females to have an ah sound after the end of last name was adopted by the Oceanans and the male’s terms to not have an ah sound after their first name or last name was adopted. 
 
Tamyara spoke using her voice speaking in Oceanan, the Aquarian’s language said to a dialect of an indigenous tribal language of an island in the ocean that was adopted by the Emperor after he became Oceana’s ruler and insisted onto that languages uses.
She said via recorders and Triton eavesdropping “Mama, Papa, I’m ok.”
Rain was seen frowned staring at Triton asleep in the bed next to her daughter as she spoken in Oceanan “I know.”
Mariano spoke “The doctor tells me you won’t be able to walk again.” 
Tanalla spoke using her voice speaking in Oceanan “Mama, Papa, sister should have a normal life would she?”
Mariano replied “That remains to be seen.” 
Rain appeared to be frowning visibility as Mariano gave Triton a glare of accusation via expression while staring at the male still asleep on the bed next to Tamyara’s bed. The group lasted in silence from the memories of Walls observing the scene including the recorders.  

Tamyara was let go out of the hospital soon after that including Triton following her to an apartment on a ground floor in National City. Walls via plant form weren’t able to follow to see what happened next. 
Jensen was detected yanking the small plant and detected mind scanned appearing to want to toss that plant into the dumpster despite thinking “Plants making my allergies acting up.”
Allergies are assumed is what Jensen was thinking involving his headaches. He was compelled to give the plant to Tamyara’s parents who took Walls home to Oceana instead of to Tamyara’s residence. 
The parents were mind scanned in the process thinking “A piece of Meritanian is welcome into our home.”
They seemed happy saying that commentary when they took that plant home to their residence in Oceana’s underwater city of Sydney. 

Triton once he was in the apartment admits “I didn’t do anything but sitting on the couch ignoring my body’s functions like I didn’t have a purposes. It was Tamyara who broke that mindless mood of mind by commenting something to my mind. 
I didn’t comment hearing Tamyara’s mental voice in my mind of the memory of not having a purpose to live ‘You should be getting a job Pave!’”
Triton frowned to eye Tamyara wheeling her wheelchair towards him sitting on the couch. She was felt thumped a fist onto his thigh he grimacing from the pain.
Tamyara added “Why don’t you teach that language Basic to whoever cares to learn it? We of Lancelot Nation can’t automatically get that language from thinking in Americanian language. Hence we need someone to teach it. Since you’re fluent in Basic and Americanian why don’t you teach it?”

Basic is actually dubbed English by the Humans and the easily translatable languages for people to get when communicating but not the thinkers of the hissing snake language dubbed Americanian. It’s something that the High Council is trying to influence the Lancelot Nation natives to think in, in hopes of getting the natives underneath their control.

Triton groaned hearing Tamyara’s words obeyed to get up from the couch after awhile of sitting there staring at the walls not sleeping. He found Tamyara managed to wheel herself after him in their two bedroom apartment on the ground floor of the Lancelot Nation’s disabilities’ building as dubbed “Disability City” to his annoyance. 
He sighed and recalled thinking “At least I’ll have a purpose to do than sitting mindless.”
Triton recalled “I wound up after some research with Tamyara’s help onto a computer at a library got a job at the National City’s high school as a teacher of the Basic language while wearing my Oceanan uniform instead of a regular suit of clothes. Students give me a hard time the first day by refusing to listen to me teaching or accepting my authority. I took out my frustrations on Tamyara by forcing her to mate with me.” 
The forced mating is a common behavior among Aquarians doing it to their paired mates.
Triton recalled that Tamyara lay asleep in the bed in the bedroom shared with him. She appeared to have sensed him in the room angrily while he was giving off hissing noises. The hissing noises were Americanian words translated to be “Ay Kabaiya!” 
Triton to this day doesn’t know why’s he was saying that wording but it appeared to be compulsion to saying. Tamyara was seen opened her eyes and stared at him standing at the foot of the bed yanking off his clothes advancing towards her with an angry look on his face hissing away. She was felt scanned his mind as he reached her yanking off the blanket. Tamyara was heard giving off a noise of disgust as if knowing his intents as she kept her eyes on him as he mated with her. Triton found that Tamyara was a virgin with twin Human females’ barriers inside her which he ignored and thrust into her all the way into the hilt. Tamyara was heard by Triton giving off a hiss sounding of disapproval to him when he did that thrusting breaking her barriers and getting fully inside her. He did additional thrusting followed by spilling himself inside her like a normal Human sexually. Triton wound up finding his angry mood gone from him when he did the mating despite finding his mind scanned during the process of the rape mating onto Tamyara. He assumed she mind scanned him in the process of the raping. 
He pulled out and got Tamyara snarling into his mind “Get me to the hospital for the babies now!” 
Triton recalled “I had a moment of panic but recalled the mating created babies including Highlanders blessed with carryings of three days or suns while normalized Humans did nine lunar months.” 
The nine lunar months of carrying took over onto Highlanders later despite efforts to recreate the three suns of carrying. 

Somehow Triton managed to get dressed into his clothes in his Oceanan suit and got Tamyara dressed into her jumpsuit into her wheelchair and was seen wheeling her fast through the apartment’s hallway via recorders out into the city as the Guardian sounded its siren involving a cold storm. Triton and Tamyara were seen disappearing into a light show and found tracked to the local hospital’s waiting room as the Guardian sounded its warning siren for snow storm’s arrival. Once in the hospital as tracked via recorders the nurses clad in scrubs arrived and took Tamyara to a room and laid her onto the bed taking off her clothes followed by putting on an oxygen mask over her face and then left the room. Triton was seen for four suns pacing in the room as Tamyara produced the offsprings via abdomen growing swollen followed by twin babies pushed out both appearing to be Akylahs despite its not sure if their males or females. Akylahs as babies are the same outside till they grow up to adult sized is when their genders are revealed at the age of choice of nineteen years’ old in Human calendar years. The assumption of babies being males was from what Lodinu Borsov told Triton overheard via recorders into the room. Triton’s reaction to the babies was he stood appearing to be shocked while out of his suit wearing a hospital gown in the hospital staring at Tamyara lying on the bed with an oxygen mask on her face a blanket on her form and her eyes were closed. He moved his head to stare at the contents of a crib next to the bed where two babies lay inside. The babies, his offsprings both of the Akylah race, he saw lay asleep had feathered heads and with clawed hands which they moved jerking out of the blankets wrapped around their forms. He frowned staring at them and heard a step in the room. 
Triton looked up with a pained look on his face to see of the Monarch species, identified, Doctor Robb Marina who stood at his side speaking “It’s alright, Pave. It’s normal for Aquarians whether their male or female to force their mates into mating. Don’t worry about it.” 
Not sure if the forced mating was normal or if it’s Meritanians’ manipulation onto couples of Aquarian status to mate. 

Triton was seen moved his head to stare back at his offsprings lying in the crib as he heard Robb leave the room through the open doorway. He reached in the crib and with his hands adjusted the blankets surrounding each baby covering their arms as they slept. Triton raised his hands staring at them and lowered them when he heard a clicking sound entering the room. He was seen stiffening recognizing the sound as the foot claws of an Akylah male clicking against the hard floor. The clicking got nearer and nearer till Triton sensed the Akylah standing next to him. He heard a cough sound and looked at the Akylah whose feathered arms were folded and on his face were eye wear goggles covering his eyes. Goggles are for Akylahs to see better when trying to see closer instead of their far away sight. He via memory could see on the earth colored feathered arm was a sky colored armband with the Oceanan seal of a sun colored trident and sky blue color surrounding it. He recalled the armband of an Akylah and recognized Lodinu Borsov, the mate of his older sister Anastia.

Anastia is a nickname as known as Crown Princess Anastasia Oksanisa Palina Borsova. She’s an Aquarian with usual red colored hair that appeared to be genetic manipulation to have her be born that way with that colored hair. 

Lodinu was overheard spoke “Among the Akylah it is always three children per carry, but among the other races having Akylahs, is always one child.”
His words prove true with exceptions of twins’ two carryings at the same time seen religiously by the Akylahs themselves.
Lodinu paused and continued “I’ll tell you some things we of the Akylah race of the island nation Prussia don’t like talking about cycles ago just before each island nation was aware of each other.” 
Prussia is seen as formerly Russia by Humans as lakes with deepest waters than known to the natives ever explored. The Aquarians have refused to explore those lakes despite some enemy like feelings towards the Akylahs and the same feelings towards them. 
Lodinu continued speaking overheard “Akylahs on Prussia were fighting each other for their females to assume the leadership position as Tsarina.”
Tsarina is titled position of the Akylahs’ species that are female dominated with females leading the way while males do the protecting and establish their females into leaderships’ roles. 
“A female, after three suns of carrying, in front of a large number of witnesses had two sons, my brother and I. Word spread, the fighting stopped and my mother was declared the Tsarina a position she has kept ruling us in peace.” said Lodinu who added “You Pavel Palin as the father and Tamyara Chennikova as the mother with your two Akylah sons will be looked with respect among my people. Consider yourself honorable for that. Your sons in the Akylah tradition will be named after their mother using the names of Tamu and Yaru.”
Akylah tradition involves naming their offsprings after their parents. It’s not sure where Lodinu came up with calling the babies sons in a male term. It’s assumed he was referring to Oceana’s male dominated leadership roles. Triton groaned in response as Lodinu without a word left the room. He focused onto Tamyara he heard was groaning loudly while shaking the efforts of sleep from her. He went to Tamyara to grip her hand hearing her gasp loudly like her mind scanned him. He recalled himself mind scanned by Tamyara who found his memories of his terrible day at the high school fully in mind. She was sensed stiffened when she found in his mind the births of their offsprings, the twin Akylahs, who Lodinu named Tamu and Yaru. Triton recalled that Tamyara without a word thrust a finger into his front and spoke via his mind him able to receive talk on admittance on that including mind scanning detection.
“You’re getting rid of that Oceanan suit at the thrift shop Valley Thrift in National City’s boundary limits as payment for that forced mating. I didn’t resists to that forced mating because I knew your mind was made up. You’ll have your freedom to use me for mating urges anytime you like me submitting to it. I want you to dump that suit period and wear something else for work at that High School for teaching Basic language. My mind’s made up on that.” He heard from Tamyara mentally via mind. 
Triton heard groaned but didn’t protest to Tamyara’s order hearing her voice in his mind sounded firm to him. 
He heard her add “My sons? Give them to me.” 
Triton with groaning released Tamyara’s hand and without a word went to his sons picking them up into the crook of his arms and bought them both to Tamyara. He settled the twins into her arms’ grips finding her eyeing both sons and appearing to be studying them like she was mind scanning them. He frowned as one twin gave up a wail sounding loud making him grimace in response as Akylahs have loud voices when as offsprings. Tamyara was heard speaking loudly in response to the wailing noises of the baby “His name is Tamu the oldest twin and loud mouth from his noises. Yaru will be the quiet twin and it’ll be his name.”
Triton recalled “I didn’t say a word in response to Tamyara but gave her a Human’s head bob in response as I felt myself tired abruptly from my days of pacing staying awake of seeing Tamyara processing the babies inside her.”
Tamyara was appearing to sense his tiredness spoke “Put the twins back into their crib. I need to sleep some more.”
Triton wound up obeying to do that order despite recorders witnessing him kissing each baby on their foreheads. Tamyara was seen via recorders giving Triton a glare of annoyance recognized by Highlanders’ expressions as he lowered the babies back into the crib and gave her a look indicating guilt as recognized via recorders.
Triton spoke “I gave her a pleading look of guilt despite causing her to go through that pregnancy status I assumed was the result of my mating with her.” 
Triton recalled Tamyara appeared to be tired abruptly without a word shut her eyes and slumped over like she was dying from some medical condition while lying onto the bed. 
He recalled hearing a siren sounding from the room followed by nurses arriving into the room with panic in their language saying “Ay Kabaiya poisoned!”
Triton recalled getting another oxygen attack and wound up ignored as the nurses worked onto Tamyara furiously trying to keep her alive from the looks of it. He recalled hitting the floor and passing out unconscious not seeing what happened to Tamyara next but the room’s recorders witnessed the scene. Triton’s reaction viewing the recording showed Tamyara declared disappeared followed by a nurse cutting her hair that was in a ponytail and leaving the room tracked to a closet in the hallway and later came out without the hair. The closet was examined to be a supply closet for janitors and it’s assumed that the nurse with the hair was Meritanian transported to someplace for Tamyara to be cloned copy formed in place of the disappeared Tamyara the original. Triton via viewing the recording had to be restrained by two guards both males of the Akylah species said to be the strongest species of all Terranian natives when it comes to restraint via hands. Triton via hacked recorders was seen giving off a hissing fit sounding of anger and rage including giving off his echolocation ability that shattered the cameras. 
Triton via emailed files to the High Council according to the Lancelot Nation’s recorder was ordered “I direct you to view more of the recording.” 
The recording on file that Triton saw showed Tamyara’s body melting away into the bed sheets like her disappeared by poisoned status took effect. This was followed by a nurse clad in surgical scrubs arrived into the room and picked up the sheets wrapping the liquid status of Tamyara’s body into a garbage bucket. The nurse was seen transporting the garbage bucket to the refuse area where it involves garbage being burned. Triton was still acting out in anger in response to that burning of Tamyara’s remains into the garbage dump. 
He was later told “The garbage dump burning was what was done by bodies poisoned to a disappearance status by the Assassin Lord’s minion Poisoner as referred. His poison was detected into Tamyara by the smell and it indicated he had hidden status ability despite no sign of how he poisoned her seen except a scratch mark onto her arm.”
Triton was seen still throwing an angry fit restrained by the Akylahs till he was forced to kneel with head bowed facing the ground in an effort to calm him down from his echolocation ability going off. 
Triton was overheard yelling spoke “I recalled nothing else involving anyone helping me when they worked onto Tamyara I love with my life!”
Recorders show other points of view involving the nurses working onto Tamyara shows another group of medics appearing to be males of the Human status working onto Triton on the floor despite his oxygen attack. The male medics appeared to stabilize Triton himself followed by putting him onto a stretcher and out of the room to the familiar closet they disappeared into. It’s assumed that Triton was transported someplace hence the closet disappearance. 
Triton was ordered “Keep on watching.”
He obeyed with the help of the Akylahs which he saw the familiar medics come out of the closet without him one carrying am empty stretcher. Triton was forced to watch as he himself via his living breathing form came out of the closet hand onto his stomach and looked like he was sick with something. He was actually transported from a secret location of a lake’s body of water and dumped to the closet as a result of hiding the transportation. 
Triton was heard snarling “I have no memory of that-“
Groaning from Triton was heard who raised his head up towards the ceiling. His behavior was indicating the Meritanians, Tank and Merra as they called themselves, restored his memories fully into his mind. The memory restoring was something the High Council mind wiped him to get him to serve them as an assassin underneath the Assassin Lord without divided loyalties. 
Triton once his memories were restored was heard blaring over and over “Screw them!”
“His memories are restored.” according to the Merra Kid plant in the room.
It’s assumed that Merra and Tank plants scattered around the home base restored the memories of Triton himself. Triton via memories restored recalled himself coming out of the closet at the hospital despite not remembering that memory fully healed of his medical ailment. His healing involved himself transported to the nearest body of water and dumped into it to breathe despite an Aqua tank not doing the job. He recalled himself able to stabilize his breathing followed by transported back to the closet where Highlanders with the Meritanians kids’ plants loyal to Lancelot Nation mind wiped that memory from his mind via deep scanning him via touch while he was out asleep. 
Triton recalled kicked out of the hospital as if told “Your fine you need to leave! Leave we’ll take care of Tamyara!” by Robb himself. 
Triton out of boredom with nothing to do at his home went back to teach at high school finding his authority still questioned by students still give him trouble. He still was wearing the Oceanan uniform despite not obeying to Tamyara’s request to get rid of it. He claimed “I had an argument with her once she was in residence involving the suit.” 
There was nothing in his mind involving an argument with Tamyara but her giving him glares of accusation when he wore that suit in her presence including telling him “You’re to sleep in the spare bedroom now and avoid me and my sons!”
Triton wound up claiming he ended argument by storming out of the apartment wandering around the city till a Kaddar approached him telling him “You’re to go the Emperor Palin’s plane in the airport now!”
Triton via memories felt rage hitting him as he went to plane where Emperor Palin is seated in the airport. Triton wound up giving a servant of deity minions a loyal Akylah female a glare while feeling his mind scanned he admitted that mind scanning but noticed Meritanian Kids plants scattered around the room. 
Triton recalled himself boarding the plane to meet a guard dubbed Tikcanni who wore some Kadder uniform whose facial appearance appeared to look twin to his father by appearance. 
Triton overheard thinking “Why’s my father serving these zealots anyway?!”
Triton via memories into his mind of his Father realized the male Emperor wasn’t his father but someone else posing as him.
His father’s imposter he thought who spoke “So when are you coming home and ditching that cripple and her twins she paused down onto her twinning ability onto her babies? She’s a twin actually.”
Triton’s reaction was sensed gave up a loud faint echolocation roar which the Akylahs got him to kneel followed by forcing his head to be bowed cutting off his echolocation ability. He’s remembering he found the ability working for his attacks against the Kaddar guards knocking them and his assumed Father out unconscious. 
Triton via memory was feeling rage and without a word uses Palin as punching bag while snarling loudly “Tamyara isn’t a cripple! She’s mine! Her sons are mine! Don’t ever mention that cripple word to me again you miserable excuse of a father!”
He sensed his words recorded by a sense going off indicating it when he spoke his wording as he without a word left the plane. Triton recalled himself stomping through the city in an angry mood despite sensing himself spied on and watched. He wound up ignoring the siren of the Guardian’s sounding of a snowstorm coming to find himself inside his apartment with warmth felt. 
Triton recalled himself thinking “I realized with a start Merra transported me to there like she’s always cares about me unlike my father and his dratted hatred of me.”
Triton via memory found Tamyara asleep in bed ignoring him and their sons in a crib nearby sleeping while hearing soft snoring sounds from both twins. He grunted oh comment and without a word went to the dresser exchanging his clothes to his jumpsuit of plant green for Oceana’s opening ceremony clothes. He put the jumpsuit on and without a word towards Tamyara awake watching him bang around. Triton recalled his banging woke Tamyara up to see him exchange his clothes from suit to his jumpsuit and bang around. He heard both sons wailing in response to the banging which he appearing to ignore their noises. Triton who without a word left the room slamming the door as he recalled he heard the front door to the room bang with a loud thump noise indicating something else than his normal door bang. The banging was Poisoner tracked to be inside the apartment and tracked to Tamyara’s room to poison her. Triton was noticed was carrying his Oceanan official suit in his hands. It’s figured that Triton must be doing what Tamyara asked him to do.
Recorders via apartment’s listening devices heard Tamyara heard her sons kept on wailing to groan and spoke “Bloody Hades feeding time by the noises!”
Tamyara was heard went to the wheelchair and made sure she got herself onto it only to fall towards the floor with a loud grunting gasp of pain heard. The door to the apartment was heard banging with recorders in the hallway seeing the door manipulated like someone hidden walked through it. The hidden figure is assumed to be an Assassin Lord’s minion via hidden status poisoning Tamyara herself again which High Council’s files said the assassin is to be Poisoner himself. 

Triton was seen standing in a building while waited for the snowstorm to blow over which he walked in the city walking normally while carrying his suit. He was seen found the Valley Thrift shop in sight in a building via sign. 
Triton went to thrift shop and spoke to the salesclerk a Kenibian via recordings overheard “I’m getting rid of Oceanan suit in exchange them for a suit.”
The salesclerk speaking in response “You can do that providing the monetary is the same amount I’m giving you for the suit you’re donating.”
He obeyed and leaves while being taunted by triplet Akylahs standing outside “Whoo hoo! It’s the son of Emperor Palin the Emperor Executioner! What do you have to say about being an executioner’s son?!” 
A Kenibian defends him by yelling from his shop involving newspapers while sweeping “Knock it off now! Leave him alone and let him do what he wants while in town! Don’t make him regret being an Americanian despite his own father publicity exiled him!”
Americanian is the term the Lancelot Nation natives refer themselves. Triton was seen grimacing via recording involving the words involving his father.
Triton was mind scanned at the time by a loyal Highlander noticing another mind scanning him in the process “The exiling must be in response to me punching him. Well bloody Hades to my miserable excuse of a father!”
Triton went home and without a word of shock found Tamyara lying on the floor unconscious despite twins wailing their upset cries. He got Tamyara to the hospital while carrying the twins in his arms via calling for emergency via phoning requests. The ambulance arrived and carried Tamyara into the vehicle with Pave in the front carrying his twins. Recordings via vehicle show Tamyara’s body examined and scratch mark found onto her arm as her body melted onto the sheets of the bed which was put into a garbage dumpster on the way inside. Dumpster was later burned of its contents by a nurse seen carrying a torch and lighting everything up. Dumpster’s burning didn’t last long instead remained burning for a short time followed by water of firefighter’s pouring it out. Triton was seen not aware of this poisoned status as he was brought to the hospital where he was sitting in the waiting room for word on Tamyara while carrying his twins. Triton recalled he stood in the waiting room while holding onto his twins till Doctor Robb Marina the medical doctor arrived giving him a grim look with a head shake of Human gesture of no.
He stiffened from the gesture to realize with a start “Tamyara was poisoned wasn’t she?”
He got from Doctor Marina a Human head gesture of yes along with hearing “It’s our fault to assume she injured her back when it was poison in her system. The antidote was administered to her but I can’t say what will happen to her body’s form after the damage is obvious.”
It’s unsure of why’s the Doctor was lying about Tamyara’s status to Triton despite not saying that her body was melted down.
Triton was heard groaned loudly as Doctor Marina added “Go home Pave. Tamyara will require intensive hospital staying for a lengthy time period till we find an antidote to her poisoned status. She obviously can’t survive without the medical treatments we’re giving her to prolong the poisoned status. I’m sorry about this.”
Triton without a word held up his sons and spoke “What will be done to my offsprings?”
Doctor Marina spoke in response “Your offsprings will be sent to Prussia where a pair of Akylahs willing to raise them will take care of them till their old enough to decide for their own lives.”
Triton heard a familiar ahem sound in a hypnotic voice tone he didn’t realize his mind was altered to view an Akylah male with Lodinu’s Oceanan seal’s armband on his arm along with a female Akylah nearby sensed angry by her mouth into a thin line. Groaning he gave up the twins to the female Akylah who without a word but a sound of disapproval walked away carrying both twins in her arms. He found Lodinu still remaining there who reached out a hand and placed onto his shoulder that felt like clawed hand twin to the servant Mindbender via admittance.

The High Council admits to playing a mind trick onto Triton as in making him think he gave the twins up to Akylahs when they were given to a female Highlander and Mindbender acting as Lodinu via mind control trick. The Akylahs were given to the High Council willingly as a trick to raise them into the group’s points of views to become guards of the group once grown. Male guards of bird status were highly treasured religiously hence the High Council trying to get twin Akylahs for that status. Tamyara being a twin was a factor to why be she had twin Akylahs who will be raised to be males guards of the High Council once they reached the age of choice nineteen.

Triton was seen by Mindbender playing that trick to frowned but didn’t shake off the hand instead got told “Don’t worry your twins will be told of you and Tamyara. I will oath on my life on this telling period.”
Mindbender according to himself without a word from Triton removed his hand and walked away foot claws not heard clicking loudly onto the floor. Triton at the time realized Doctor Marina was still nearby giving him a glare that was twin to a servant’s glare of confesses your crime. It appeared that Doctor Marina wasn’t fooled by the trickery instead thought that Triton had a part of it hence his familiar glare. 
Triton overheard via recorders spoke towards Doctor Marina “My loyalty is towards Tamyara. There’s nothing towards my miserable excuse of a father for his poisoning her in an attempt to remove her from me. I realized that she drank a water bottle that had Oceanan based poison in it and didn’t suffer from the effects till she crashed her floor exercise. I can’t help you on that matters involving what poison it is. My father kept me out of various important details of his ruling like I wasn’t his own child something he did to my brother and sisters.”
It’s noticed Doctor Marina’s glare become more glaring like accusation.
Triton appearing to not notice that look spoke added “I’ll go home and keep myself busy till its obvious Tamyara can receive visitors excuse me.”
He got up and left the hospital walking to their apartment despite feeling his mind scanned abruptly via admittance. Triton frowned once he reached his apartment to go inside via hand print’s lock opening leaving the door open via absent mildly status. He frowned as he went to sit on the couch and ignored the mind scanning of Merra was assumed mind scanning him seemingly lengthy. 
Triton’s mind was scanned by a Highlander servant of the High Council named Ajax as he remained sitting on the couch lengthy till he heard in his mind “You should be asleep now. The High Council will make your father pay for his crimes.”
He stiffened from the voice male sounding in his mind sounding as the door to his apartment was manipulated and shut High Council later said “Ajax was told not to contact Triton with any commentary but read his mind.” 
Triton via recordings into the apartment without a word of response went into his bedroom and lay onto the bed clutching Tamyara’s pillow with a groan and forced himself to shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep. 

Email includes this paragraph as said by the Lancelot Nation’s Recorder recording this email to be sent to the High Council “High Council is a group of manipulative Highlanders living in Oceana near the Meritanians Walls and Kiddy. The High Council has used Assassin Lord’s minions to assassinate minions of Lancelot Nation’s natives including doing that death status repeatedly to Tamyara whose cloned form is still contained into the home base forever contained. Tamyara is cloned but kept safe for her safety out of Poisoner the Assassin Lord’s minion repeatedly poisoning her to death to give Pave Palin no excuse to serve the High Council without undivided loyalties.”

Triton later wound up introduced to the Meritanians Walls and Kiddy via memories of himself meeting the High Council via a based home underwater nearby Lancelot Nation’s islands. It’s assumed the island is somewhere within the vicinity of the Meritanians’ minds scanning near Oceana. Triton was later implanted with a tracker implant was detected underwater near Kenibia’s religious state of Egypt. The Highlanders’ obsession towards Egypt involves the High Council’s base there as assumed despite Meritanians Walls and Kiddy still unable to mind scan people there. It’s assumed that Walls and Kiddy had small parts of them in kids’ plant forms taken from them and put into the vicinity of the Lancelot Nation’s islands for transportation and mind scanning.

Triton recalled meeting the Meritanians, Walls and Kiddy by him heard a voice speaking in his mind “Wakey wake it’s rude to sleep when there’s guests’ present.”
Triton was sensed thinking “Its odd hearing the voice sounded male and alien like Merra’s voice but seemed different.” 
Triton via memories of the High Council’s home base heard water lapping sounds to find him lying onto stone floor. He frowned as he got up and found himself facing a group of humanoids in red robed hooded robes he counted nine of them minus one finger of his ten on his hands. This is the High Council group themselves always manipulative. One of the figures via hooded robe walked forwards into his line of sight removing the hood. Triton via memory gulped seeing a human male with short blonde hair as the male appeared to eye him with a narrowed eyed look of a glare with eyes golden expecting him to say something. He saw the male’s eyes were unlike the golden eyes descendants of the Surrai marked by the golden eyed look living in South America’s island nation of Kurpanov’s Sanctuary having nothing to do with either the High Council or the Lancelots in their war. Triton recalled himself compelled by gibberish from the male to speak the entire story of his life raised in Oceana ending with him learning Tamyara was poisoned. 
He didn’t comment another word instead the male still glaring spoke words verbalized via Basic language “The poison’s cure is another poisoned status that must be injected into Tamyara by needle and then the antidote to that poison administered. We have the proper people working in place to do this to Tamyara Palina-“
Triton rudely interrupted “Her name is Tamyara Chennikova. I’m not taking the name of Pavel Palin or the Palin name. I’m taking Tamyara’s name of Chennikova. I refused to have anything to do with Pavel Palin for not treating me as his son while growing up.”
The male in response identified as Barry later by the High Council spoke “Your name is Pave Palin as publicity known and you’ll keep that name but the name of Triton is your private name for communications purposes among the High Council.”
Triton spoke in response “I agree to that. So tell me what I must do to help Tamyara? My loyalty is towards her as my mate and my female mine.”
He gave the golden eyed human a glare and got from the male in response “There’s something you must do for us when the time is right. So listen to our request and think smartly on whether to accept or refuse.”
Triton heard the male’s request said “You will serve us as an assassin by the Assassin Lord as our request by saving Tamyara Chennikova.”
Triton via memory recalled he groaned softly hearing the wording as the male added “You’ll be called for that request once you have thought it through. Tamyara is still going to be received medical help. Our loyalty towards her is that she’s a member of our species the Highlanders who we cherish and emphasized to live more than any other species on this planetary world.”

High Council seemed to have loyalty towards Highlanders who serve them with undivided loyalties like dedicated servants and nothing divided from that.

Triton frowned but didn’t comment a response as he found the Highlander as assumed was the male without a word thrusting a finger aimed at him and found his head covered by a clothe. He sensed the ground different from the hardness to feel softness of something bouncy. Triton removed the hood and found he standing on a bed. He removed the hood to eye it finding the thing was a hooded mask included eye plates for eyes in a familiar shape he gulped recognizing it. Triton saw the shape was indicating an Assassin Lord which he remembered the request got down from the bed and put it into the dresser out of sight. He eyed the time piece seeing he needed to get ready for work. Triton stupidity didn’t know he was transported to somewhere in the High Council’s base and left to think for his own thoughts before giving the words of loyalty. Triton via memories after Tamyara receiving High Council help was she was cloned by the High Council. Triton recalled himself arrived at high school early wearing suit and waited for the Principal a Kenibian to arrive. He frowned as the Kenibian arrived which he pestered with questions involving the job. 
The Principal gave up a loud Humph in response then spoke “Just post a note involving grading attendance to your classroom and hope the students read it. It’s just something for the students to do while their in your classroom sitting around not taking you seriously as a teacher to you.”  
Triton obeyed to Principal’s suggestion then posts note on bulletin board outside his classroom about being graded for attendance. 
A student as recognized a Kenibian named Daheara Wasilla arrives in classroom in the first period Basic class talking loudly “I wanting to be a judge of gymnastics and has to learn how to write in Basic for that.” 
Dakar Wasilla a Highlander family member of hers scolds her “The language being useless for you to learn from some idiot.”
Triton at the time hearing that recalled the Principal’s answer to one of his questions groaned softly and waited for the students to be silent. Other students join in discussion and get in an argument about learning Basic. 
Triton waited for the students to stopping argument by saying loudly despite sensing them angry with violence “I thought you had a problem with me being a son of Emperor Palin who I’m aware that Americanians have a strong dislike hence this accurate nickname Emperor Executioner. He really is an executioner a spoiled brat who didn’t treat his first born son properly enough to hate his own father as a result.” 
Students silenced and shocked at his comment which Triton via memories of that were gasping loudly including willing aside his echolocation ability. The Akylah guards managed to get him to stand to face their leader of the Lancelot group in Rhineland as that nation is called formerly Switzerland, Germany and France. The leader is a female Akylah named Kirstana Nemany a clone of the original Nemany from the isle of Shadonia really Kurpanov’s Sanctuary. 
Triton recalled via memories with his mind scanned by the Meritanians kiddy plants Tank and Merra recalled himself at the high school telling the students as he continues talking “I’m asking the students why they signed up for class willingly? I mentions I got this information straight from the Principal from what I pestered him to answer questions on.” 
Students appeared to be are ashamed and cooperate when he starts teaching them Basic subject Emperor Palin as an executioner. 
Bell rings and during the period class change he overhears first period students loudly telling other students in the hallway “Mister Pave Palin knows about you students willingly signing up for the class along with him thinking we had a problem with him from his family. He agreed with our argument on calling his own father an executioner.” in very loud tones tell the second period students “You’re to cooperate with Pave Palin as your teacher.” 
Triton appears to pretend to not overhear as the second period students come in talking, bell rings and they cooperate with him when he starts teaching Basic. It’s the same with the other class periods till the end of school is over. 
Triton via memories thinks “I finally have the students’ respects.” 
He recalled himself walked himself home to find the familiar golden eyed Highlander really Barry an All Seeing One male compeller seated on his couch giving him a familiar glare. Triton found his mind scanned to notice a Meritanian kiddy plant in the vicinity assumed to be Walls or Kiddy. 
Triton found himself compelled to speak “I told the students what they wanted to hear hence they cooperated with me.”
Barry via recorders in the apartment spoke in response “Go to your bedroom and get some rest.”
The Highlander without a word got up and disappeared in a light show he recognized was a Meritanian’s plant transportation. Triton went into his bedroom to gasp seeing Tamyara lying in bed asleep without the wheelchair in sight but another Meritanian kiddy plant was there. He felt himself itching to mate via feelings hitting him obeyed to strip himself of the suit till he’s naked. Triton without a word went to Tamyara and removed the blanket which he found her clad in a gown involving something else that was shapeless blue and still remained asleep. The shapeless gown involved the Lancelot group’s members something that Tamyara got hooked into that group assuming the High Council was killing her over and over. 
She was seen sensed felt Triton laid his form on top of her as she gasp out “Pave, the All Seeing One God gave me back my life involving no longer poisoned and wheelchair bound.”
She was seen opened her eyes while eyeing Triton in response to scan his mind and found the memories of him meeting a group dubbed High Council in his mind as he mated with her. Triton via mating sensed that Tamyara found his mating with her seemed gentle and soothing. She lay on the bed eyeing him in the eyes as he eyed her back unseeing her because of his fussy eyesight and without his glasses on. She scanned his mind during his touching her while mating in a gentle move to hear a growl in an angry voice in his mind. Triton heard from the voice in his mind sounding of roaring noises sounding in a furious tone it was figured it was Tamyara’s voice sounding in his mind but her expression was pleasant. Triton didn’t realize that noise was of a Meritanian kiddy plant scanning him and Tamyara mating with each other and roaring angrily almost giving itself away. Triton found Tamyara ended the mating after giving him a kiss on the lips which metallic thrusting was felt according to him.
Tamyara heard hissing out “You’re done so get out and do something else!” 
Triton heard giving off groans and obeying followed by Tamyara’s voice speaking “I won’t be carrying this time.”
Triton spoke “I’m not suitable for raising offsprings. Just teaching them languages in classes by telling them what they want to hear and nothing else. Don’t ask me to raise a baby again.”
Tamyara was seen rolling her eyes like a Human without a word remained lying on the bed as if sick. Triton was seen adjusted his form and wrapped his arms around her spoon fashioning her and sensed he was asleep. Tamyara appeared to felt sleepiness hitting her shut her eyes. 

Pave as he prefers to be referred instead of the Triton name wound up finding he getting a memory of Tamyara facing a familiar beach to face the familiar white hooded robe figure the All Seeing One God who sounded of a Human’s throat clearing noises.
She spoke what she saw in Pave’s mind then got from the God in response in some cruel voice tone sounding threatening “Let me handle that group and their requests to have Pave become an assassin of theirs. Just worry about living your life walking around as a celebrity named Tamyara Chennikova.”
Pave recalled that some hand came onto Tamyara who found her eyes forced shut found herself back in her bed with him cuddling her. It was sensed he wasn’t asleep but just rubbing his forehead onto the back of her head. Tamyara appeared too remained lying awake for a lengthy time period as she sensed Pave doing the same till an alarm clock sounded loudly. Pave recalled himself getting up from bed and putting onto his suit but Tamyara remained asleep in bed. He wound up walking into the living room only to be seen jerking aside like someone pushed him via a hidden status to move. The hidden status assumed to be Poisoner the assassin who again poisoned Tamyara who didn’t give out a noise of anything instead melted her body onto the bed. Lancelot’s nurses were seen appearing into transportation shows to pick up the remains and dump it into a dumpster nearby while another Tamyara was seen taking the poisoned Highlander’s place while clad in a gown of the nurse. Pave not paying attention wound up sitting on the couch appearing to be mindless again. His mindless status was broken by getting a door knocking sound to find an Oceanan guard a Kaddar standing outside his apartment. He gave the Kaddar a glare who handed him a piece of paper. He snatched out of the male’s hand and slammed the door in response.
Pave read the paper saying “Your sister in Oceanan headquarters in city wants to meet you immediately.” 
Pave grumbled loudly despite Tamyara hearing him from the eating table “Drat what does that sister of mine wants now?”
He crumbled up the note throwing it onto the floor and without a word walked into the bedroom slamming the door. Tamyara seen with a cane went to the note and picked it up reading the contents in Oceana’s written language as recognized was High Council’s from the All Seeing One god’s teachings. The language was really Japanese but known as Shonsurran. Tamyara was seen went to her bedroom to find Pave on the bed clutching her pillow as she held the note.
Her mind scanned at the time by the plant Pave’s reaction to his father in the plane spoke “You really should see your sister and explain your side of this fight between you and your, her father so she’ll get it your point of views.”
The plant Walls or Kiddy instead of assumed as Tank or Merra was heard giving a small groan and mentally mind scanned Pave who mentally spoke in response sensing that but assuming Tamyara doing it “Alright but I’m not wearing that suit to headquarters.”
Tamyara without a word went to sit down and gently rubbed Pave’s back in a soothing move she stiffening to scan his mind giving the plant a glare. This was followed by grabbing the plant and hauling it out of the apartment throwing that kid of Walls or Kiddy into the hallway. After that the recorders found Pave without a word getting up and putting on his Teacher’s uniform. Tamyara was seen held up the note which he groaned loudly and took without a word and left the bedroom she limply behind to follow. She stood watching him leave the apartment followed by a Kaddar guard seen shutting the door giving her a glare of accusation. She seen glared back in response as the guard slammed the door then without a word went to sit on the couch and shut her eyes appearing to be mediating. Recorders shows her expression on her face was various looks instead of just mediation pose. It’ was assumed she was seeing via an All Seeing One’s abilities. 
Tamyara was overheard spoke “I’ll do them without question.” 
Recorders went black as if indicating some power outage then Human’s time piece of fifteen minutes later recorders were found in the hallway smashed to pieces and the apartment’s door’s hand print for Tamyara erased. It’s assumed that the High Council manipulated everything involving Tamyara to suffer a disappearance status including erasing everything of them in the apartment. 

Pave was seen went to Oceana’s headquarters via car to find the guards balking on letting him leave the entrance’s room instead told “You’re to stay here while we get the Empress Palina-Borsova to you.”
He forced him to wait impatiently waiting for his sister who arrive an Aquarian like he is but has red curly hair unlike his blonde hair. 
He gave his sister a glare as she spoke “Pave, go home to Oceana to attend the Terrania Unity Games.”
Terrania Unity Games weren’t hosted by Oceana instead were still hosted by Kenibia which games were past. The games were awarded to Rania formerly the nation of Saudi Arabia with islands nearby into the Rania’s nation control. Unsure of why’s Anastia was lying to Pave despite he witnessing the exchange via recording and heard hissing loudly some angry insulting term.
“Screw that bitch!” He’s heard hissing in Americanian. 
Pave via recording gave his sister a glare and spoke “I balk at that request. I flat out refused to go to Oceana despite your pleading.  Tamyara’s invalid condition is my excuse of her being poisoned by our own father doing it to get rid of her after it was obvious she was paired to me. I also admit knocking out the Kaddar and punching the Emperor like a punching bag while on the plane docked in National City.” 
Anastia spoke “I’m shocked to hear that.” but Pave says “I won’t go to Oceana and face the Emperor for what I did to him. I’m adamant that I’m not going to Oceana not for anything for my loyalty is towards Tamyara period.” as Anastia stares at him with shock. Pave leaves without a word and forced he to walk home despite the Guardian sounding loudly indicating a snowstorm which he’s seen disappearing in a light show.
Pave’s tracker indicated Liberation state of USA followed by cut off. He provided the further memories of what happened next.
“I wound up transported to someplace dark and unable to see where I was followed by an oxygen mask placed over my mouth including a needle felt into my neck. I passed out unconscious.”

Pave recalled further from that memories of his mind scanned by Merra and Tank’s offsprings scattered around the building in island nation of Germany, Switzerland and France there together known as Rhineland. The three nations were considered nations for Humans to live as equals and as neutral territory for the war between the High Council and the Lancelots. Hence Pave transported to the headquarters of Lancelot in Rhineland after his capture by the Lancelots servants of Lance Richard dubbed Mesan’s Curse by the High Council. The leader of the Lancelots currently lives in Rhineland in a building ignored by the High Council but zealously guarded by Humans in the city called Atlanta by the Humans who insisted on the names for Rhineland’s cities. Pave’s mind was scanned and revealed that he had his mind wiped by the High Council’s servants Walls and Kiddy as assumed but suspected that nine Highlanders did that mind wiping including a compeller’s voice order suspected. Pave was seen in his mind having hallway doors shut indicating his memories were wiped. The restoring of his mind caused all the doors to open making him receive the memories fully into his mind. 

One memory as seen by Merra and Tank kids saw Pave found himself facing the High Council via their throne room saying “Who’s this All Seeing One God anyway?!”
He gave the High Council a glare as they in response waved hands in some random gesture not signs to him. Pave gave them a glare and waited while wearing his glasses. He kept the glare and waited as the familiar Highlander arrived into sight via light show and spoke “You answered a complication that was plaguing us. The request for answering to the Assassin Lord has been removed. You’re free to go now.”
He found himself back into his apartment with Tamyara no where in sight but figured “She must be in the bedroom.”
Pave found her lying in bed that removed the blanket off her form showing it naked bare of clothes and got from her “Just do what you want since I’ve kept my word I’ll keep my word.”
Pave found that Tamyara without a word found himself obeying to her words stripping himself of his clothes. She was sensed staring at him as she eyed her mate with some oh gesture onto her mouth. He recalled finding his form was changed involving muscles on his front like abs twin to Humans including muscles elsewhere that was twin to Humans instead of a flabby thin look. 
Pave recalling the memory snarled “I was cloned hence this joker mating with Tamyara!”
Pave’s body on closer inspection shows his form is thin and lanky from swimming in the water too much doing various jobs for the High Council. His body when he was captured involved that the All Seeing One God did manipulation to him to make him easy for capture. He appeared to be sick with some medical ailment that the High Council was appearing to be ignoring and making him swim too much underwater like a fish too much hence his thinness. Pave with a smirk or clone of him as he mated with her she mind scanning him to find the conversation with the High Council group fully in mind. It was seen in Pave’s mind of the mating indicating clones can see what other clones can see including the original. The mating involved Tamyara hissing disproval tones as the clone exhaled a breath finding the memory of him asking the High Council the question of All Seeing One God fully in his mind. Tamyara without a word after the clone finished being inside her felt him pull out and cuddled his arms around her form forehead onto her side of the head. 
The assumed Leader of the Lancelots heard Pave groan loudly from the memory restoring followed by she speaking “What’s with you, Pave Palin on your memories?”
Pave in response spoke “Nothing but just sleep and hope this All Seeing One God of yours helps me out with my problems. I don’t feel like asking the High Council for help because I just remembered that group doing favors to my miserable excuse of a father like a spoiled brat unknowing the consequences. Ugh.”
The leader of the Lancelots, Kirstana Nemany sighed hearing Pave’s words found him passed out unconscious from his medical issue of not taking in the proper nourishment hence his thin form. It’s assumed that the High Council ditched Pave Palin to be taken care of hence they not throwing a hissy fit in response to their minion captured by servants of the Lancelot group. Pave was given nourishments via injections at the local hospital in Atlanta who don’t question what’s going on with Humans suffering despite knowing there’s a war between High Council and Lancelot Nation natives. Pave was sensed taking in the nourishment willingly including eating the food given to him. Pave after a week of nourishment his body once he took in the food and slept properly ballooned up to a muscular form twin to the clone in his mind mating with Tamyara. It’s assumed that the clone in his mind he thought of was himself mating with Tamyara before he lost his muscular form.

Pave during the nurses’ visits appeared too laid with his eyes open a lot including sleeping after a Meritanian put him down asleep.
Pave is sensed by the Meritanians Merra and Tank to then shut his eyes asleep thinking “Shouldn’t be a problem anyway.”
It’s not sure what that comment meant but it late meant according to him on asking “I’m hoping to go home.”

Pave once nursed to health started pestering the nurses “Can I go home to Lancelot Nation to the city of National City now?”
He asked that question over and over towards whoever cared to listen. High Council is assumed listening but not doing anything towards Pave’s question. 
One of the nurses in response to Pave’s annoying question spoke “What do you have to live for waiting for you there in National City in Lancelot Nation?”
Pave quit his pestering and became a brick wall in response instead of saying anything or repeating his question wound up going to his room to lie onto the bed appearing to be staring at the wall.
Nurse identified as a Lancelot by necklace spoke when asked this question “Why did you ask Pave Palin this question of yours?” The answer in response “Pave Palin seems to be stuck onto the past from his pestering without realizing he needs to move onto the future for himself hence my question.”
Nurse refused to answer further questions instead spoke “I’m busy excuse me!”
Nurse walked away as a result and hasn’t been seen at the hospital again despite assumption of her being transported elsewhere for services. 

Pave wound up given an apartment in Hartford city in Rhineland same building as clone of Raisa via wheelchair and Eric Zesky the original via guide dog for his blindness attacks. Pave doesn’t do much when living in that apartment other than walking around the city and appearing to be exploring it for living despite not buying much nourishment to live onto or bothering to furnish his apartment. Pave seems to live on a diet of a gonoid chicken as dubbed by the Humans and hardly anything else besides water to drink. It seems his familiar diet of foods by the High Council is what’s he’s living on again despite efforts to fatten him up.  

Pave answered the door to find a message from Kaddar in the morning saying “The Empress is in hospital victim of a gun via assassination attempt.” 
Assassination attempt was really an accidental gun discharge of a guard firing it onto Lodinu Borsov in response to an argument between the guard and the Akylah.
Argument via recorders hacked was Lodinu “I demand to see my wife!”
Guard saying “She left orders to not to be disturbed!”
Lodinu “So?! I still want to see her even if she’s doesn’t want guards or anybody like you Oceanans disturbing her!”
Guard “Her orders stand!”
Lodinu is seen thrusting aside the guard and snarling “I still insist!”
Guard is seen getting up from the floor and thrusting out his projectile gun onto Lodinu. Gun went off near Lodinu’s feet followed by guard snarling “Don’t disturb! What do you get it that wording you stupid idiot?!”
A fight was in the process of handling the gun and it went off shooting the Empress at her door to her apartment in the Oceana’s Ambassadorial building as seen via recorders.
Empress was seen opening the door yelling “What’s going on?!”
The gun went off shooting her appearing to be into the side chest area despite Lodinu having the upper hand onto the guard and gun to punch him out unconscious. Lodinu is seen via recorders dropping the gun and going to the Empress his wife to pick her up carrying to the elevator where guards seen pointed their guns at him and shoots him unconscious via darts seen imbedded into Lodinu. Empress was taken to the hospital while Lodinu was taken to the brig on the bottom of the building and locked in chains. It’s assumed he was blamed for the Empress’s shooting hence the darting. Lodinu wound up out of the brig soon after Kaddar sent word to Pave to visit the Empress. Lodinu is currently resting in the Empress’s bedroom from recorders hacked into.

Pave at the urging of a talking plant dubbed Merra kid he’s taking care of the plant insisting “I insisted you go to the hospital and visit your sister.”
Pave wound up having an argument with the plant “I don’t want to go!”
Plant Merra Kid as named kept on saying “I insist! It’s important for you to go period! I know something you don’t if you don’t go you won’t learn anything new!”
Pave wound up convinced obeyed to go to hospital and meets his brother Paul and sister Yulietta in Anastia’s hospital room via recordings seen. 
Tikcanni arrive as Pave is giving the male a glaring with accusation as the other siblings hug the male who spoke “I reveal I’m your father Emperor Palin whose proof is the ring on my finger.” 
Pave gave Tikcanni a glare that showed the ring followed by him giving off echolocation waves of anger. 
His brother Paul in response slaps him while saying “Quit that now Pave!”
Pave gets angry says “Father is disappeared to me!” to his siblings’ protest of “Pave you don’t mean that!”
He storms out of the room and goes to bench to sit down calming down. 

Pave spoke “I remembered being in hallways at three different locations to see Emperor and Tikcanni giving hugs to my siblings separately. They both wound up failing to give this to myself despite me expecting it.” 
Pave mutters “I have no father.” and goes home transported by Meritanian’s variety to his apartment. 
He gets transported to the High Council via tracker indicating Egypt state of USA again. Listening devices were implanted into Pave which conversation was eavesdropped.
High Council saying “Serve us!”
Pave saying “I would rather not!”
A new voice was heard “Suit yourself for not receiving the reward we have for you.”
Voice via identification sounded Human like but hypnotic voice tone in a male voice. Unsure of whom that Human was but Pave’s tracker was tracked to Liberation State to the city of Lydia where recorders weren’t easily found to indicate what he was doing there. Pave’s tracker was later removed by signal cutting off and assumed that the High Council has him in service again. 

Further information included by the Recorder of the High Council.
Pave wound up transported to the stronghold city of Lydia to a bedroom with Barry there to report via seated in a chair within the room to interfere if anything went wrong. He was seen hissing loudly his familiar sound of shock to find Recorder appearing to be twin to Tamyara was in the room removing his clothes from his form. Mostly Pave just standing there allowing Recorder to remove his clothes including injecting him with a needle into his neck. Pave is seen going to the bed and slumping over unconscious. Medics of the High Council wound up arriving and removed the tracker implants within Pave’s lower back followed by injecting the male with a needle which he later woke up to feel like mating by his moaning sounds. 
Barry via lip reading him said “Get onto the bed and let him have his way with you.” 
Recorder without a word obeyed to strip herself of her clothes and waited for Pave to do the forced mating onto her while she mind scanned him via mind as partially a Highlander involving mind scanning via touch only.
Pave while mating to Recorder is sensed thinking via admits “Tikcanni revealing himself as my father whose proof is the ring on his finger. I said my father is disappeared with the siblings traitors to them protested to that remark. Screw them and Bloody Hades to them anyway!” 
Recorder encouraged act as Tamyara by Barry mentally spoke in response once Pave finished the mating onto her “How’s your sister Anastia doing anyway? I heard from the Kaddar at the door that she’s shot by an assassination attempt. What’s going on with that?”
Pave in response wound up hissing loudly some disproval tone followed by hearing “Ugh I’m not visiting the hospital if the siblings screw them are there with this idiot posing as my father. Ugh.”
Recorder without a word cuddled Pave and waited for him to pass out unconscious. She found him passing out in response and concentrated onto the All Seeing One God via her mind.
She found his voice saying in response “I’m working on the problem! Don’t disturb!”
Groaning Recorder without a word allowed herself to sleep in response.

Pave wound up transported to the High Council’s home base in Egypt them speaking “Your words of loyalty now!”
Pave on the urging of Recorder’s throat clearing noises despite her mask covering her face mostly around her eyes as she’s typing this hears him speaking “You have my loyalty but I want my health to take priority involving my nourishments and breaks from swimming in the water. I think that’s why’s I wound up in the hands of the annoyance god’s minions.”
Recorder has to agree to this statement found a file via Lancelots transmitted via email to her laptop computer spoke loudly towards the High Council “Spies of yours transmitted information to me via email. You want me to read the e-mail’s contents?”
High Council wound up ordering in response “Recorder take Triton to medical bay for a checkup for his health and make sure there’s a record of that email involving Triton’s files saved.”
Appeared the High Council knows what was on the email which Recorder will do what’s ordered.

Recorder took Pave as she figures she’ll refer him to medical bay to meet Rana still carrying that carrying sack around her front indicating her residence cat Pumpkin. Not sure why’s she’s doing that to the cat despite the High Council has forbidden cats in their presence. 
Recorder told Rana “High Council wants a medical checkup for their records on Triton here.”
Rana wound up saying “Triton, go lie on the bed and let yourself be scanned.”
Rana is saying this with sarcasm indicating she’s not happy with her job as medical doctor or something else. Recorder isn’t sure of what’s going on with Rana. Pave wound up obeying and got his form scanned via scanner a laser light shining overhead him entirely in a fast speed method. 
Once test was done Rana snarled sounding annoyed “Get Triton and yourself out now!”

Recorder obeyed to pass by the creep she calls the dedicated servant of the High Council dubbed Mindbender on the way out with Pave. Creep is a creepy Human with intense black eyes and a knife scar on his face including hypnotic pleasant voice when speaking. Recorder finds herself creep out nervous in Mindbender’s presence like she’s doing something terrible and doesn’t know what it is. 

Recorder takes Pave to her room and orders him “Just lie down and sleep since you look like you could use some rest.”
Recorder found Pave obeying despite sensed lying awake staring at herself reading the email file on Triton aka Pave Palin as typed by the Lancelots’ recorder of memories. It’s not sure of what’s the Lancelots are using for recording memories other than Recorder doing typing via laptop computer. Recorder urged to sleep by the Meritanians blaring into her mind giving off their familiar annoying commentary. Ugh.

Further files on Triton aka Pave Palin:
Pave via urging of Recorder telling him in the morning after woken up by the Meritanians “Just go visit your sister in the hospital. Just tell her the truth of why’s your seeing your father as disappearance. Just get her onto your side in this conflict instead of her angry at you.”
Pave at first spoke “I don’t agree to this.”
Recorder managed to yank off mask and give Pave an all black eyed glare in response with throat clearing noises sounded from her. 
Pave appeared to gulp from Recorder’s glare instead spoke “Excuse me while I go visit my sister but I’m not sure of the transportation.”
Walls via plant’s kid were heard blaring while in the room “I’ll do that for you.”
Pave visits Anastia in the hospital as recorded via records witnessed he coming to the hospital coming out of a supply closet. Pave is appearing to be reluctant to talk to anyone in the hospital by not asking where his sister is contained. He’s seen via recordings of video traveling the hospital via hallways and appearing to be looking for something.
Nurse as witnessed giving Pave that question steps out of a room after a light show to speak to Pave loudly “Something I can do for you Sir?”
Pave seemed shocked and shook his head in a Human no followed by the nurse speaking wording that sounded like a hospital location including saying “She’s there as moved by her father for her safety.”
Pave appeared to make a beeline to the location the top most part of the building showing hallway full of Kaddar guards who are a bit annoyed to see Pave in the hallway by hands onto their guns each time they saw him pass. Pave is seen not saying anything to the guards instead guards appeared to recognize Pave by the widen eyes seen and hands onto their guns followed by grimacing and folding their arms to resume a guardian pose. 
Pave reaches the room Anastia is contained who’s alone without Lodinu there that spoke “Pave what do you want now?” spoken in a rude voice tone. 
Pave tells her “My reason’s why’s I’ve declared my father disappeared is because I’ve never getting affection from Emperor or Tikcanni my whole life. I saw the two hugged you and siblings.” 
Pave admits to Anastia who looks annoyed to his admittance “I think I’m Paul, Tikcanni’s brother’s child-“ 
Anastia interrupts him by saying “Actually its Yulietta who’s Paul’s child and not you. You and Paul your brother are twins born of Pavel Palin. Yulietta is Paul’s offspring via his female before she passed away. Her hair isn’t the same color as mine despite she and I assumed to be twins. The hair color was something that your father made Yulietta do to her hair to make it appear we’re twins when we’re not. Her hair’s color is actually twin to a Cossack’s color. So talk on what else you observed from Pavel Palin and his guard, Tikcanni?” 
Pave spoke “I’m some what relieved to hear this but I must leave to home to attend Tamyara who’s still an invalid that’s recovering from poisoned status Pavel Palin gave her. I’m still furious with Pavel Palin with this poisoning status onto Tamyara to get rid of her and deprave me of her. My loyalty is towards Tamyara period and no one else.”
Pave is still using Tamyara an excuse to avoid staying with Anastia as he gave Anastia a glare to find her without a word turning aside in her bed and appeared to be asleep. 
Pave recalled later “I heard a door knocking sound and without a word slammed opens the door and found my father in Tikcanni’s uniform outside giving me a glare of accusation like he eavesdropped what I said to Anastia herself. Hence she was falling asleep in response to my talk. It figured the room was bugged for listening devices. It also figured that the guards’ reactions to me and standing down was listening devices into their ears to let me pass by Tikcanni.”
Pave gave Tikcanni he figured he’ll refer his father “Excuse me.”
He made a motion to walk by Tikcanni only to feel the male grab his arm. Pave yanked out in a fast move feeling a prick of pain into his arm via needle dart method. Pave grunted as he found himself sleepiness in response to the needle’s dart into his arm. 
He felt his mind scanned mentally yelled in response despite Tikcanni standing around letting him slip to the floor “My loyalty is towards Tamyara my mate who’s mine to do as I pleased!”
He found himself passing out unconscious finding his breathing cut off along with blackness arriving to his eyesight.  

Pave via memories of what happened next told this to the Recorder typing this down. Pave felt a hand shaking his shoulder while seated on a soft bed from the feel of it shaking sleepiness from him. He grunted as his arm whined in pain in response along with feeling himself no longer clad in his clothes. Groaning he found himself clad in nothing while seated onto softness appearing to be a bed from the feel of it. He grunted in response as a hand patted his cheek in an insisting move. Pave jerked open his eyes squinting in the glare of lights’ shining. He found lights shining into his eyes like a glaring light. Pave squirted from the glare and kept on squirming while seated on the bed. He found the lights quit finding himself in Oceana’s headquarters in an apartment’s spare bedroom facing Tikcanni giving him a glare finding his eyesight were no longer fussy that required glasses like any of the Aquarians needed for land travel. 
Pave snarled angrily “What’s the point of poisoning me?”
Tikcanni spoke in response “Poisoning when it was to put you asleep so you won’t suffer from Han’s Syndrome.”
Han’s Syndrome involves the loss of a mate something that’s still traditionally done on Terrania despite no side effects from the loss but terrible sadness actually. Highlanders have gotten it to their minds that there’s an all body pain of loss of a mate hence they drugging each other after a mate of theirs dies.
Pave snarled angrily despite clawed hands felt restraining him from lashing out onto Tikcanni “What did you do to Tamyara?!”
He struggled against the clawed hands that restrained him from behind he felt were ironclad and a pair of hands from behind as he felt his mind scanned. He found his efforts to free himself anticipated by the mind scanning he sensed. Pave glared at Tikcanni with annoyance running through him. 
He waited as Tikcanni added “You were put to sleep after Tamyara’s poisoning took effect to make her disappeared which a new form of her was created to take her place. The new form is called cloning or clones for more than one. It’s what you are by that mark in your back of a belly button something I saw from you and never gave you affection in response to answer to your question.”
Pave found his echolocation abilities blocked by the mind scanner holding onto him from behind. He glared at Tikcanni to feel one of his hands thrust behind him to his back to feel a mark of a belly button onto the spinal column area. 
He gave a glare in response and gave up a loud growl as Tikcanni spoke “Just knock him out and put him to sleep this anger of his off.”
He found the hands’ holds off of him to find himself into the Oceana’s headquarters’ jailed cell finding the bench was broken in pieces including the walls looking like they were scratched with clawed hands. Mostly courtesy of clone of Eric Zesky’s reaction to being in that jail cell despite the jail cell not fixed up again from his mess. Pave paced back and forth and without a word began punching the walls as if angry. He found the walls cracked underneath his punches in response to his punching.
“Stop it now!” He got spoken into his mind along with an image of a hooded figure in cloud colored robes of death flashing despite mind scanned by a plant nearby on a shelf.
Pave quit the punching to obey and waited with arms folded while glaring at the black window showing no one in sight but sensed he spied on. 
He kept the glare and waited as the figure again flashed into his mind “Just use what information you know of your father’s deal with the High Council and humiliate him to admit wrong doing when its possible is.”
Pave didn’t comment a response instead found the door to the room opening showing Yulietta walking inside he recognized her despite her hair no longer Anastia’s color. 
He gave Yulietta a glare that thrust him a jumpsuit of orange she speaking “Put this on. I despise nudity from males when I prefer females in a mating way.”
Pave frowned hearing her admission obeyed to put on the jumpsuit and got ordered “Come along your father or whatever name he’s going around as has requested you to his residence for a meeting. I’m not privy to the details except he’s humiliated about something.”
Pave obeyed to follow her through Oceana’s headquarters to see siblings in Tikcanni’s bedroom with Tikcanni sitting on the bed holding an unconscious sleeping female’s hand in some loving gesture. The female is recognized as Merra’s daughter Raisa or cloned form that was appearing to be unconscious asleep with redness seen around her eyes and ears. Cloned Raisa’s form indicated a death status by Mindbender using his Berserker’s side in control despite confused to that Mindbender hasn’t been ordered to do that death status. It’s not clear what’s going on with that death status involving Raisa’s clone herself. 
Tikcanni wound up glared by Pave who was feeling himself restrained by the mysterious clawed hands spoke “I admit to you that Raisa here is the mother of Anastia and son Paul. Pave was just a medical experiment created out of a test by the High Council called cloning which involving copying a living being to form another twin in place. Something that was done onto my son Paul that created Pave in question.”
Pave heard silence from the siblings and Yulietta but them glaring at him with accusation which he says “I saw Tikcanni posing as Emperor Palin kissing Raisa on a land deck when I was a child whom his reaction was to send me away. Raisa was seen giving me pity looks instead of that lovely dove status I expected from Father or her I got nothing but rejection. Hence my rudeness of declaration of my father disappeared.”
Tikcanni adds “He’s telling the truth on that talk. He wanted acceptance. I’m not going to apologize for that lack of acceptance towards Pave in question. I should add that Oksanisa, Raisa’s declared sister agreed to play figurehead as mother to you four and as the Empress and as my mate.”
Pave spoke “What about Yulietta being Paul’s child?”
He gave Tikcanni a glare who spoke in response “She’s Paul’s child but she prefers females when it comes to mating instead of pairing herself with a male. This female to female behavior was something I disapproved and made her be Anastia’s twin with the hair color changed. I used that favoritism to make her be Anastia’s twin as a result.”
Pave eyed Yulietta who he noticed gave Tikcanni a glare of accusation as he shifted to eye Tikcanni in response. 
Pave glared as Tikcanni groaned loudly and spoke “I told the truth so remove that sword off my neck now.” 
He heard silence as there was a figure materialized next to Tikcanni with a sword weapon poking his neck there were gasps sounding loudly. Pave heard growling sounding angry from the clawed hands’ owner as the figure next to Tikcanni he saw had scaly night colored skin with a barrel shaped mask covering the head that faded from view. Figure appeared to be a Mesan’s Curse via description of Pave’s when he talked to Recorder of this situation. It’s not sure why’s a servant of the High Council was sensed restraining Pave from committing violence against Tikcanni and allowed a Lancelot servant to do his sword poking onto Tikcanni. That despite servants has senses cued to the Lancelot servants via Mesan’s Curse forms to detect and assassinate. Not sure why.  Pave heard a door slam with a bang sound indicating the Lancelot’s traveling doorways way.
This was followed by Tikcanni snarling “I’m not sorry with Pave’s creation and his treatment and Yulietta’s ordered status.”
Pave found the hands’ owner in response removed themselves followed by a door banging sound in a loud slam behind him. It’s indicated the hands’ owner was Mindbender himself disgusted with the scene involving the Lancelot and Tikcanni despite ordered not to commit violence against either one of them who left the room. 
Pave wound up turned around to find nothing indicating the hands’ owner as he shifted to glare at Tikcanni in response who snarled adding “Get this Pave out of my sight now, Tank!”
Pave found himself transported to the lobby while hearing a Meritanian’s voice snickering in his mind indicating Tank the male Meritanian. He exhaled a breath and without a word left the lobby of Oceana’s headquarters. Pave forced himself to walk home to his apartment finding the door balked his hand print’s unlocking status.
“Tamyara is disappeared actually.” He got in his mind via an alien voice sounding alien and creepy to him via admittance to the Recorder.
Pave found the voice’s owner was a large sized towering over him human male with a scar mark of a knife wound onto his face standing nearby wearing a black jumpsuit that was molded to his form. Pave frowned as the male waved a hand towards him followed by a bony clawed form forming in place onto his face showing an extended jaw and fanged teeth including familiar clawed hands he saw were bony. 
Pave marched up towards the male and snarled despite the male waving his bony hand into his face hand touching on his cheek in some patting move “Just who the depths are you?!”
He got from the male in response sounding in his mind in his creepy alien voice “I’m called Tom Thunder among the natives of Terrania but my Assassin Lord titled name is Mindbender. I serve the High Council with undivided loyalties something you should be doing yourself as well.”
Pave spoke in response “My loyalty is towards Tamyara-“
He was interrupted “Who’s been removed on a permanent basis because of her poisoned status affected her quality of life.”
He gave Tom a glare in response and folded his arms as the male without a word appeared to have willed aside his bony look and gave him a glare with his Human black eyes.
Pave got from Tom in response “Shouldn’t you be back at Oceana’s headquarters where you’re to stay on a permanent basis?”
“Humph Bloody Hades!” Pave spoke in response.
He heard Tom’s laughter as a result as he went to Oceana’s headquarters while thinking to he ignoring his mind scanned at the time “Life is going to be interesting.” 
Pave found himself facing the High Council he assumed was the group after transported to them with Tom felt restraining him from behind with bony hands. Recorder was able to appear via light show to sit down and open her laptop to type this scene down. Pave glared at the High Council as the familiar golden eyed Highlander appeared into view with a light show.
The Highlander spoke “What do you have to say involving our offer of serving the Assassin Lord as one of our assassins?”
Pave kept the glare but found his mind still scanned in response mentally spoke “My loyalty is towards Tamyara for giving me acceptance I wanted in the first place.”
He got an image of a male figure wearing a hooded robe of death in cloud colors in his mind saying “You have my respects for I accept you but tell the High Council what they want to hear. They’ll stop pestering you with their requests. Let me handle them now on with what I can do.”
Pave heard the firmness of the covered up male’s voice to speak out loud “You have my loyalty High Council.”
He added to himself mentally “That’s a promise Tamyara.”
Pave eyed the High Council with a glare as Tom freed him followed by the male walking into sight to hold up a hand in a Human gesture and saying “Welcome to the High Council as I am the Assassin Lord himself.”
Pave didn’t say a word in response shook hands with Tom but once freed from hand shaking heard from the All Seeing One God he figured was that male in his mind. “Welcome to Terrania to the employ of Lance Richard deity lord my servant.”
Pave mentally spoke as he eyed the High Council while thinking to himself “My loyalty is still to Tamyara Chennikova and no one else. That’s a promise I aim to keep for her accepting me.”
Pave heard nothing more from his thoughts but paid attention to the High Council issuing their orders with input from the All Seeing One God flashing in his mind. Recorder typed this scene down via admittance of Pave telling her. This happened soon after Pave and Recorder felt a compulsion to get up and go towards each other with hands up. Mindbender was heard growling angrily in response as Pave and Recorder wound up touching hands which she felt an intense charge of pleasure followed by an urge to hug Triton. She obeyed and went to resume her recording the scene via laptop computer. 
Pave was ordered by the High Council “Meritanians transport Triton to a body of water for him to be dumped into safety.”
Meritanians snickering laughter was heard again followed by Pave transported out with disgust seen on his face. Mindbender was seen forming his creepy look of Berserker and waving a clawed bony hand towards Recorder’s direction with eyes all golden narrowed in a glare of accusation. 
Recorder isn’t sure what Mindbender is pointing out towards her instead spoke “Something I can do for you?”

Recorder admits later that Mindbender threw a hissy fit according to the Meritanians involving him screaming his head off while on a desert island with the Berserker in control. Not sure why’s he’s throwing that hissy fit in response but Recorder wound up going to medical bay to ask Rana that question. 
Rana seemed rude in response spoke “Get yourself out of here before I sicken Bella onto you to feed off of!”
Bella in question is her daughter a drainer parasite that was feeding off of her from inside her that got birthed mysteriously. It’s not known how long a drainer parasite can withstand being inside a Human female feeding off of them followed by birthed. Recorder obeyed to Rana’s order and went to her bedroom only to get transported to Rhineland’s city of Hartford into a hallway. Recorder felt a compulsion to ring the doorbell obeyed to meet the exact reason why Mindbender is is throwing a hissy fit. 

Recorder met Veronica Thomas aka known as Victoria Montreal who’s Recorder is a clone of via cloning including via Highlander terms too. Ugh Victoria is paired to Poisoner via Terrania doing it to her and Mindbender her original lover. Appeared Terrania is punishing Mindbender for assassinations of deaths he does hence he’s not paired to Victoria at the moment. Recorder found Poisoner is appearing to look twin to Eric Zesky by the looks of him including some water ability to withstand water despite Eric Zesky himself having an aversion to water as in poisoning. Recorder wound up visiting Victoria and Eric aka Poisoner himself who doesn’t need a dog to counterattack his angry hissy fits. Instead he just gives off roars of anger and doesn’t seem to suffer from blindness from the looks of it like Eric Zesky does. Recorder once the visit was done got transported back to the High Council’s home base in Egyptia underwater or in a cave underwater somewhere don’t care to know. Recorder wound up typing this scene down out of breaks of silence from the High Council sensed monitoring their creep servant Mindbender’s hissy roaring fit. Bloody Hades! Can’t that creep quit being a four year old with his roaring? He’s childish anyways. Recorder got dismissed by the High Council type more lately.

Recorder wound up in her bedroom with Pave lying on her bed not really sleeping. Recorder was just sitting on her armchair till an idea came to her mind to do something mating towards Pave like kissing him on the lips. 

Pave via recordings gave up resistance to the lip kissing till Recorder Tamyara Montreal managed to get him into a lip lock. Pave wound up thrusting aside Recorder after their lips were touched and resumed a sleeping position like he was disgusted. Recorder got called to the High Council to report what she’s seen in Pave’s mind. 

Pave’s mind’s contents involved him paired to a gonoid like doctor Rana is paired with her cat as her companion instead of a humanoid living being. 
Recorder wound up reporting that fact she saying “I including noticing something involving some metallic thrusting of metals not going together when I tried to lip kiss Triton. Not sure what’s going on with that.”
High Council in response said to Meritanians “Transport Triton to some place in the ocean for him to get his companion gonoid pairing done.”
Order wound up obeyed by tracking implant into Triton reporting him in the Antarctica Sea where there’s nothing but the remains of King Winter’s kingdom. 

Pave wound up providing the results of himself in Antarctica Sea:
“I wound up swimming around till I felt like I couldn’t swim anymore so I went to an iceberg and made a motion to get onto it till something caught onto my leg. I got pulled into the water only to find my familiar as she’s called gonoid an Orca or human terms Killer Whale playfully tugging onto my leg. 
I wound up playing swimming games with her in the sea till she via voice of mental talk said ‘I have an enough. Go rest for yourself and leave me to get my food to myself.’
I wound up transported by the Meritanians to the base where I went to report this after I cleaned my appearance up.”
High Council in response spoke “Transport Triton out to where he can get some food and sleep now!”
Recorder tracked Pave via laptop computer to Rhineland’s city of Hartford. Recorder wound up dismissed by the High Council to carry her laptop out of the room into the hallway meeting Mindbender on the way. 

Mindbender looked like he was smirking about something creeping Recorder out as he entered the room. Recorder went to her bedroom a cave in the wall with a curtain for a door to find Pave inside lying onto her bed to her confusion. Recorder wound up sitting in armchair and typing this down as if confused to why Pave is’s in her room instead of elsewhere like what his tracker said. The male onto Recorder’s bed and not Pave wound up giving off a sound of disgust followed by sounding not like Pave but different to Recorder.
“Shouldn’t you be asleep?” the male said.
Recorder cleared her throat and spoke firmly “You got a name?”
“Paul Palin.” The male spoke. 
Recorder spoke in response “Your Pave Palin’s brother?”
A look of disgust was seen on Paul’s face that appeared to not be looking at Recorder instead cocked his head like he was listening via ears. Recorder noticed his eyes were entirely black and realized that Paul was blinded by something as she felt a compulsion to go to the bed and give him a lip kiss.

Paul’s response to that lip kiss wound up feeling Recorder all over the place including not sparing her breasts like he was blind. Recorder found Paul was accompanied by a gonoid that gave off barking sounds and got onto the bed during our lip kiss. The lip kiss felt not like the metallic metal resistance instead felt like we connected to kiss fully. Hence it’s assumed that Mindbender’s smirk involving him finally paired to Victoria Montreal with the lip kissing providing wrong between Poisoner and his female. Ugh assumed that.

Recorder found that Paul and herself stripped each other of clothes despite the dog sensed jumping all over the place. There was a metallic thrusting feeling blocking our way of intercourse despite sexual urges deflated after we both succeeded in the mating. Paul felt not right when we mated or tried to mate.
Paul after this thrusting was felt spoke “Just give me my clothes now. We’re not destined for us.”
Recorder obeyed to get up from the bed and handed Paul his clothes he appearing to put them on like he could see despite blinded. Recorder wound up putting onto her clothes then resumed going to the armchair to type onto her laptop. 

Recorder wound up interrupted by Walls saying into her mind “High Council requests Recorder’s presence now!”
Recorder obeyed to find the Meritanians balked transporting her instead gave up snickering like laughter like they told a joke to her disgust. Recorder wound up finding Paul appearing to be asleep on the bed ignoring her. Recorder without a word got up and went to the High Council’s throne room only to find the blast doors down and there was some squeaking noise sounding dimly via the doors like there was an emergency involving the doors down. 
Recorder figured to herself “I might as well sit down and type.”

Blast doors opened when Recorder sat down to type finding no one in sight but the High Council’s robes looking deflate to her. Recorder frowned hearing nothing in mind from the High Council despite repeatedly saying hello over and over including via voice. A loud Humph interrupted Recorder’s hello noises to find Rana in sight with Pumpkin her cat into her sling she looking annoyed. 
Recorder wound up sitting down typing till Rana was heard speaking “What do you expect me to do since the High Council expired itself by Mindbender’s screaming four year old fit?”
Recorder gulped hearing that from Rana and felt sorry for the High Council till there was silence in answer to Rana’s talking question. Recorder heard humming noises that sounded like chanting hissing language to her getting louder and louder. Recorder looked up in time to spot Lancelots with their masks of the sun and twin High Council robes enter the room still humming their hissing language and without a word towards Rana and Recorder went to the disappeared High Council members. Each Lancelot member wound up slinging each High Council member over their shoulders and then without a word walked out of the room still humming away. The High Council’s speaker appeared into a light show with a glare on his face followed by bowing his head. Recorder heard rumbling noises to find the door behind the thrones sliding open followed by the High Council or new version came into the room still clad in their blood colored robes of death and went to sit down. Recorder didn’t say a word in response to the new High Council instead went to sit down waiting for recording orders.

Speaker spoke “Says report Recorder on your witnessed mating attempt with Paul Palin.”
Recorder said in response “The mating felt like metallic thrusting when we attempted to get ourselves fully into each other. The sexual urge left us after we succeeded in getting ourselves into each other. Paul and I agreed to halt the mating attempt and resumed wearing clothes ignoring each other.”
Recorder waited for the High Council’s speaker to speak something else instead got from Rana in response “Recorder is telling the truth on that. I suffered the same metallic thrusting resistance when I tried to mate with Poisoner. We succeeded in getting ourselves into each other but the mating urge didn’t continue after that. Instead the mating via ourselves felt not right or suitable to us. The mating felt wrong like it wasn’t proper after that was done we tried to kiss each other onto the lips but again felt a metallic thrusting resistance. I think Edenia is resuming orbit again and manipulating things. I noticed the moon in the sky looked odd and not like its familiar deadness status instead indicated something else. Hence I am assuming that moon’s Edenia’s new version of orbiting.”
Recorder wound up typing in response “Interesting.”
Recorder waited for the High Council’s speaker to say something looked up to find the High Council going into a discussion and seemed lengthy with that despite the Speaker kept glancing up with a glare of accusation aimed at Rana. Recorder glanced at Rana to notice she was angry about something by her glare on her face and eyes glaring at the floor instead of towards the High Council. Recorder wound up typing this down out of waiting for anyone to speak. 

“Says Meritanians transport Rana to Mindbender now and get him to calm down from his hissing fit.” said speaker after a lengthy silence.
Recorder heard snickering like laughter in response followed by a loud noise vibrating via her skull making her teeth chatter to find Mindbender in the room with his Berserker in control. Rana via glances was seen jumping onto Mindbender and appeared to be kissing the Assassin on the lips despite his fanged teeth and extended jaw. Vibration was felt quit followed by Mindbender appearing to will aside his Berserker side and kissing Rana in the lips some lengthy kiss that seemed long. Recorder without a word felt annoyed with the kissing face ritual till a light show indicated Barry the All Seeing One minion of the High Council and Compeller appeared. Recorder heard Barry speaking compeller’s talk to notice Rana and Mindbender break off the kiss followed by the assassin kneeling in the High Council’s presence. Rana was seen wiping her mouth via sleeve of her jacket involving medical doctor’s wear. Recorder again heard Barry speaking his familiar Compeller’s language sounding of some useless language she’s not sure she can identify. 
“No I haven’t heard anything on the High Council since I’ve done my screaming four year old fit.” As heard from Mindbender.
Barry was heard using Basic language “The High Council expired or as in disappeared from your screaming fit.”
Recorder figured that the High Council the newest version would punish Mindbender for his screaming fit. Recorder found Barry speaking gibberish language followed by Mindbender removing his clothes and she glanced up to see Rana looking at Mindbender’s back right where the mark of cloning is. Recorder saw Rana doing a double take look like she was shocked to see Mindbender’s back followed by him disappearing into a light show. 
Barry was heard speaking compeller’s chatter followed by Rana speaking “Mindbender had markings onto his back that was in Highlander’s language said ‘This is the one.’
I saw nothing involving a cloning mark onto his back in question.”
Recorder stiffened hearing that from Rana to glance up towards Barry with a glare eyes all black with Source in control. 
Barry in response spoke in basic “I transported him to where he could get knocked out to be asleep into the healing pools that Triton has been babbling about involving medical bay-“
“What healing pool is that Barry?” Rana heard interrupting him.
Barry via glance was seen giving Rana a glare of “Confess your crime.”
Recorder wound up looking at Rana in response followed by her speaking “That healing pool in question is a lava hot spring pool that heats up victims from cold suffering and doesn’t do anything to heal them instead gives them a terrible itchy skin and puts them asleep. I have to medically remove them from the pool onto a bed for them to lie asleep resting from their coldness till their warmed up to are wakened up.”
Recorder in response got Barry speaking gibberish followed by a light show with Mindbender lying asleep onto the floor onto his back. 

Recorder and Rana wound up forced by Barry’s compeller’s talk to put Mindbender onto his stomach and hold him up to show his back to the High Council. Recorder noticed Mindbender did have that Highlander’s language onto his back including an absence of clones having a belly button onto their backs onto the spinal column area low near the seating area. Recorder once freed from the job wound up hearing Barry speaking compeller’s chatter to find Rana and Mindbender disappearing into a light show and assumed both were transported to medical bay. Recorder went to her laptop to type this down till someone staring at her is sensed annoying her.

Recorder wound up stared at by Barry giving her a golden eyed glare which she spoke “Something I can do for you Barry?”
Barry in response spoke compeller’s chatter which Recorder found herself folding laptop in half and walking out of High Council’s throne room to medical bay to sit onto a bed ignored by Rana doing medical work onto original Mindbender and not a cloned copy. Recorder glanced up from her work of typing onto laptop to find Rana managed to sit down via desk despite Pumpkin seen tummy sitting and she appeared to look relieved to her. Recorded eyed Mindbender the original of copies to find the male looked like he was asleep and breathing deeply to her. Recorder found Rana in response ignoring her staring at the medical doctor for in response put head down onto desk and appeared to have fallen asleep. Recorder out of curiosity went to Mindbender to eye and see without touching. Mindbender from the looks of him had a muscular moron form of a muscle bound idiot including a face of Tom Thunder but appeared to have longer hair in a long style instead of short. Recorder heard a meow and found Pumpkin onto her shoulder sniffing her ear. Groaning Recorder figured that it was best to sleep took Pumpkin off her shoulder and placed the kitty onto Mindbender’s front who appeared to ignore the kitty. Pumpkin was seen curling into a ball asleep onto Mindbender’s front as Recorder without a word went to a bed and sat onto it typing via laptop.
“Nighty night Smarty!” Recorder heard from Walls blaring into her mind.
This is followed by sleepiness so Recorder will type more lately at another time.

End File of Recorder or Tamyara Palina as dubbed by the High Council. 
