FIRE STAR

ipam
  

Smashwords Edition Copyright 2021 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Author notes:


Outer space is the last frontier that needs to be explored.

Give me a freaking break!

Let’s explore creating a cure for cancer cells or crafting a bug to eat sky, sea, and surface pollution or fashion a machine to plant crops or construct a germ to consume garbage! 

The massive and deep floors of Earth oceans, made of salt, have not been touched.

Honestly, I do believe that no human hand or butthole or other human body part should not touch the oceans or the forests or the mountains or the jungles with wild animals, at all.

Both period and exclamation point!

And let me rage or ravage or rumble onward!

Mother Nature is one force of freaking nature, but she is presently mad and desperately needs help from whom: Homo sapiens. 

Note: For all of you out there that do not know the scientific term of your biological body, it means humans.

So, you as a human body or chemical bio-shell or heavenly soul need to do your part and make your tiny section of our planet safe for animals; clean the water, tidy the soil;  protect the air; grow your food; exercise your mind and body, and defend the freaking planet, the only one we all survive on.

So, put down your personal mobile telephone, that does not benefit the planet, and get off your fat ass from that comfortable sofa, trash that soda and fast-food tray in your garbage can and get to work on your borrowed personal property, that is owned and created by the Prime Creator.

Else the alternative event for both earthlings and Earth is a personal death day into the Afterlife.

However, don’t fret!

We all come back to trashy, nasty Planet Eartha for another cry…naw…try, which is called Soul Reincarnation!

Hint: you just don’t remember it!

Another slap in the face! Right on, Human!

Warning: you need to clean out your bad human karma, right here and right now, before your new Soul reincarnation, again, by doing good deeds, every hour of the day and night, until you bleed and heed that nasty attitude of hate, anger, and revenge for your fellow man or woman or mammal or insect or snake or wild beast, because Planet Earth is ruled by the Light of God or Lucifer.

Hint: Lucifer was a heavenly angel, who got pissed off at the Prime Creator and then kicked out of the heavenly realm. Thus, he lives, survives, and rules down here on Planet Earth, not a single heavenly angel.

Another hint: You wonder why you can’t get ahead, if you are the body of Christ or a Christian or a good person, who wants fresh air; clean soil; safe water, abundant food; secure streets, and fun family unions.

Well, get a tight grip on your imprisoned life force on Planet Earth, because King Lucifer does not want that nice stuff for you or your family or your neighbors or your neighborhood or your pets.

He wants destruction, deceit, and damnation and these elements are here, alive and breathing and breeding, right now, sticking around for another five more years, until the earthlings wake up and do something, supernaturally.

Another hint: Aliens do exist and have lived here on Planet Earth for centuries and monitor the skies over your hair roots, every day and night. The Bad Ones like to work with Lucifer, not the humans. The Good Ones like to monitor all the bodies on Planet Earth, so the stupider humans do not, accidentally or purposefully, blow up the planet, which will create a mega-blast super wave of intense destruction destroying our galaxy and taking out few others around the Milky Way Galaxy.

So, wake the fudge up and get outta of your zombie state, performing good deeds for everyone, including your own selfie! Love thy neighbor as thy selfie! Then, when your bio-shell dies, and your Soul leaves the rotting corpse, you can stay and pray and play with all the heavenly angels and all the ancient Master and Mistress Souls, helping all the pathetic wretched, worthless remaining humans, who are drowning down here on Planet Earth.

Amen!






Fire Star, the format of this e-book does not contain a chapter heading, such like, Chapter One; Chapter Two; Chapter Three, and etcetera. 

Instead, the story unfolds in a numeric calendar date format with current time, daylight or nighttime hours, a set of current weather conditions, and the property location with character activity.

I enjoy learning parts and pieces of an unread novel before diving into the content.

Outer space is that dark thing, that changes eyeball or telescope view, based on the orbit of Earth, hanging out about your hair roots, during the nighttime hours, after the sun sinks down into soil.

In real time, the moon and the stars do not disappear from the skyline, it is you that cannot see them beyond the bright, brilliant sun rays, during the daylight hours, while the moon and the stars still exist and rotate around the fixed Solar Sun too, due to the Sun’s gravity field.

The nice storyline, about non-aliens, but ancient earthlings, explains an active lifestyle, of life forms, on another planet but Earth that warms the human heart, including both the mind and the soul of a new fascinating fictitious novel.

I have created my own personal Book Rating System for each one of my novels for the curious reader.



Rated G for good stuff


Rated PG for pretty good stuff


Rated M for mild stuff


Rated R for really great stuff


Rated V for vile stuff


Rated C for cute stuff



The story line is Rated R including mild acts of violence, a few guns, bold and nasty cuss words, witty and sick humor, a few dead bodies, but no ghosts or sex acts.

The major character role involves Neptunians, who live, survive and thrive on the eighth planet from the fixed Solar Sun. They work as an outer space police officer maintaining both peace and harmony, without gory or glory, within their tiny corner of the Solar System.

This story line takes place in the Great Dark Spot, on Planet Neptune, with steamy heated days and nights on the Pond, without the galactic storms, solar winds, and black holes, and also on the mysterious dwarf planet Pluto too.

Thanks for entering my imagination!


ipam

A cold outer space thriller with a warm heart......

Story plot:

Twenty-seven years of age, Leer is an Outlaw, an Outer space law enforcement officer of the Solar System that protects nothing.

Giggle! Giggle! Gotcha!

All the other planets are occupied with colonies of happy, working humans that originally came from mother world, Planet Earth. The Solar System is a peaceful place to live and thrive for a family unit.

Clap! Clap! Happy!

Inside the Great Dark Spot of the planet of Neptune, Outlaw Leer is partnered with twenty nine years old Outlaw Eartha, a transplanted earthling, who possesses an internally secret heartfelt motive which only involves Leer.

Thump! Thump! Love!

When a missing child is reported lost, Superintendent Darsha of the Outlaw Division on Neptune sends out her best Outlaw team, consisting of Eartha and Leer.

Sniff! Sniff! Sad!

Eartha and Leer fly away from their home world of Neptune, inside an Outlaw issued Beetle starship towards the mysterious cold and dark dwarf planet Pluto to find an innocent, missing three year old human child. The newly assigned Outlaw mission is full of great anticipation and high expectations.

Snap! Snap! Go!

Can you image solving a crime of passion or hate in a pair of bare feet?

Stomp. Stomp! Hey!



Fun Facts:

One (1) light year = 6 trillion miles.
One (1) AU or astronomical unit = 92,900,000.
One (1) light beam takes eight (8) minutes to travel 92,900,000 miles from the Solar Sun to Planet Earth.
There are 63,000 astronomical units in one (1) light year and 63,000 inches in one (1) mile.
The wonderful coincidence brings one (1) light year down to Planet Earth, thus the Earth-Sun relationship = one (1) inch.
The light year scale is one (1) mile.
To travel one (1) light year, the ship will take 8,576 years and four months based on Earth time traveling at a speed of 78,292.772 miles per hour. 

Year 2199
Planet Pluto
16th Band, Building 1616
Hospital operating theater suite
(Pluto time) 77:07 hours (early afternoon of 153 rotation hours)


She moves ahead on a pair of two naked feet across a hard surface within the operating theater suite steering into the dressing tube.
The door closes with a hiss. She reaches up and lifts a single re-breathing mask off a lonely hook inside the dressing tube placing the item over her entire face. The air-breathing mask protects her eyeballs, two nose holes, mouth, and both of her earlobes from the spraying liquid and then the devise will recycle all the exposed carbon dioxide molecules directly back into a set of oxygen breathes into her pair of healthy lungs. She does not close her two eyelashes enjoying the display of vivid colors on the three walls and shoves the hook back into the hard wall surface with a naked palm.
The ceiling frame slides open sounding with a soft ping.
However, noise is soundless within outer space waves.
The outer space molecules swiftly drift down from the stars and invade her single dressing tube as the four hard surface walls dance and glitter in live movement. The four walls are made of plutonian volcano lava.
The lava from a plutonian volcano swiftly spills over onto the landscape as a set of ground level “cool flames,” without a set of ugly gray colored smoke-type plume atmosphere ash appearing on both Planet Earth and Planet Mars. The ground level “cool flames” lava swiftly spreads over the entire landscape of Planet Pluto. When the ground lava run into and then pours over any type of oxygen filled atmosphere, it hardens immediately like a piece of rock instantly.
However, the scientists of Pluto have learned that the hardened lava also immediately morphs back into a wiggling liquid state of “cool flames,” when the outer space molecules touch a tiny fragment or a large slab or a tall building structure of dried lava.
She extends both her arms, even with the hard floor, spreading a set of naked feet over the floor, wearing a smile inside the breathing mask and views the familiar dance moves. The lava leaps off the first wall, without hesitation, jumping at any organic object as the second wall layer of more wiggling lava dances and tosses upon the same organic object, the naked female.
The lava swirls from the wall through the air in the colors of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow sparkles. It dances and twirls around the female, adhering to every part of her naked skin.
She giggles from the tickling sensation over her body, except where the protective face mask covers her face. She feels the overall warmth as the lava heats her body from the coldness of outer space. Her skull hair forms and then fossilizes into a long ponytail of sparkling lava too. The hair follicles breath like the outer skin as the lava finally forms a complete lava body suit of her naked body.
She shifts her arms and wiggles her fingers feeling the freedom of the pretty lava body suit that covered her body. She inhales fresh air inside the face mask, exhaling out all the new carbon dioxide molecules.
Then the interior chamber of the four hard rock-like walls inside the dressing tube come alive and dance in tones of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow as the wiggling set of live lava molecules stick and dance over the four walls, onto the flat floor, and the exposed edges of a missing ceiling. Then the dressing tube shifts upwards in silence and floats up toward the stars with the lava-covered female.

Cold and black outer space
101st floor (rooftop)
77:09 hours


The dressing tube halts with a smooth move on top of the rooftop of the tallest building on Pluto as the wiggling lava molecules spill and then drain over the rooftop, creating a walkway for the lava-covered female.
However, the female stands in place feeling the flow movement below a set of new pretty lava-covered shoes over her two naked feet. The wiggling lava molecules shuffles ahead, like a walkway, and moves her stationary lava-covered body forward toward an open pit, without instruction.
The open pit is located in the center of the rooftop of the tallest building on Pluto designed like a square shape of empty space, missing the roof tiles and paint.
The rooftop is square-shaped and perfectly flat across from one side to the other, except around each square edge. Three more exposed dressing tubes stand in sparkling lava molecules. The dressing tube shows a walking doorway also, without a person.
Around the edge on the square-shaped pit, three different-sized lava body suits of males decorate in the same pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava particles stand guard at each corner.
The moving walkway of the wiggling lava halts with the female on top at the last empty edge around the square-shaped pit.


Interior of the operating theater
77:11 hours early afternoon


A solo table of pretty pink, red, blue, green, and yellow hard stone stands on a set of four matching stone legs in the middle of a similar painted square room of hard lava particles. A naked child rests on her stomach muscles in the middle of the stone table, without a warm blanket. Her face and bone skull are sandwiched down between the table and the hole, where her face drops down through the table wearing a protective face mask around the eyeballs, the ear holes, and the nose holes also. The face mask allows the carbon dioxide molecules to flow around her face and then converts it back into oxygen breathes. The child is sedated for a medical procedure, looking peacefully asleep on her tummy.
The open square-shaped rooftop is 101 stories high into the night sky and is exposed to outer space, inviting zillions of outer space molecules. Each outer space molecule rapidly drifts down from the bright stars and invades the square room of the operating theater. The hard coated lava walls of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow start to move and wiggle into a new dance.
Then the invading outer space molecules cause the table of stone lava to wiggle and stretch the pretty individual molecules over the nakedness of the child as the lava particles encase her body in a warm blanket of sparkling pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava bites. Her naked body and the stone table become one, without harming the sleepy child. The naked eyeballs can see an outline of a tiny rump of her buttocks and the tiny deep scoop of her body spin.
The dressing tube door slides open.
A new single lava body suit of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow stands in place as the moving walkway starts from the dressing tube shifting him across a soft floor of wiggling lava towards the operating table, holding a lava-covered sedated child.
The walkway halts with the male on top in a parallel pose on the side of the table, at the collar bone of the child and as the male wears a clear face mask seeing the three other lava-covered upright bodies on top of the rooftop. He stated, “Dr. Mummery, the child is ready for transport. Is your medical team there?”
On the rooftop, she stands in place at the corner of the pit and wears her smile inside her face mask while feeling her eager and anxious nerves. She said, “Yes, Dr. Taradiddle we are in position and available for the transportation process. Please begin.”
Taradiddle moves ahead and shifts one of the lava-covered shoes down to a protruded lever on the wiggling floor, slowing pressing it down into a layer of hard concrete that formed the building structure located below a floor of wiggling lava molecules.
Then a square-shaped concrete platform of wiggling lava matching the empty pit on top of the rooftop slowly glides up from the hard floor through a set of the mechanic latches, lifting up toward the stars as a set of goopy wiggling lava clings to the table, the child, and the moving platform.
The lava of Pluto only interacts with itself. The molecule adheres to any type of exterior piece of solid metal, solid concrete, or solid human flesh as long as one molecule touches another molecule. Once the lava molecule hits an oxygen atmosphere, it will harden back into a beautiful display of cosmic creation immediately for beauty and functionality.
The square-shaped platform with the operating table, the sleepy child, and Dr. Taradiddle stop and fill in the empty pit, on top of the roof, sparkling in pretty hues of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava molecules as the lava dance and wiggle side to side in happiness of the outer space.
Dr. Mummery shifts ahead towards the edge of the square-shaped concrete slab standing in front of the bone skull on the child. Each naked body part is covered in a pretty layer of wiggling lava particles over the entire body of child, except the rear of the hairy skull on the child. The hairy skull on the child faces the novice medial surgeon Dr. Mummery. The face of the child continues to rest on top of the wiggling table and as her face mask stands between the table and the hole. The child continues to sleep from the sedation medication for the upcoming operation.
The male physician, who stands opposite from Mummery around the operating table, scoots ahead and then stands at the wiggling lava-covered naked feet of the child for observation purposes. The other two other male physicians move ahead, stop, and then stand at the edge of the table between Mummery for any type of medical assistance.
Taradiddle stands on the side of the table between the edges, wearing a stern face. He stated with a serious tone through the face mask to the other two physicians. “Please, be attentive and quiet. This is Dr. Mummery’s first surgical case. However, she will perform with both admiration and bravery. I have complete confidence in her medical surgery skills. For a brief explanation of surgery protocol, this is a zero gravity surgery procedure. Thus, we are all located on top of the roof with the stars, the moons, and the rest of outer space. A zero gravity procedure provides the greatest chance of survival and recovery at the same time for the medical patient. Are you ready, Dr. Mummery?”
The table stands in place even with her chest. She said, “Yes.” She continued to stand in place staring down at the wiggling lava on the hairy skull of the child.
Taradiddle lifts up and opens his lava-covered hand, which acts like a surgery glove, too. The object lifts up within the Zero Gravity atmosphere of outer space. He reaches out and pushes the object to Mummery, wearing a stern face. He said and a serious tone. “This is the only surgery instrument that you will use for this delicate medical procedure. One side is a knife to slice into the hair follicles and the skull meat which will expose the vicious tumor within the brain tissue. Let us precede one step at a time. Do you see the amber colored spot over the rear skull of the child?” He chuckles inside the face mask watching her. The hands of Mummery slightly shake. He smiled. “You can’t miss it. The neon bright amber spot gleams through the pretty colors of the pretty hues of lava.”
“Yes.” She replied. She stares down at the amber spot and lowers the blade down to the hairy skull on the sleeping child.
He smiled inside the face mask. “Good. Use the sharp point of the knife and stab down through the lava gel. Then you must carefully slice around the outside of the glowing amber spot but do not slice the skull meat from her bone skull, only slice through the meat and the bone. We keep all the meat and the bone intact during the medical procedure. None of the child’s body parts are expensed. You cannot harm the child. She is deeply asleep. The lava is soft and pliable between your fingers too. This is one reason for performing a zero gravity medical procedure. The lava body suit protects both the patient and the physician.”
She reaches down and firmly stabs the tip of the knife through the soft lava hitting the hard bone on the child’s skull, without noise, as her fingers slight wobble with nervousness of her first brain tumor operation.
A small set of individual blood molecules slowly drift up from the open hairy skull of the child and float into the outer space in the formation of red colored bubbles above the slice of bone meat.
Mummery gasps in shock with a set of parted lips inside the face mask, following each red colored bubble, back stepping from the table and the beautiful but weird phenomenon of Zero Gravity outer space medical surgery.
One of the physicians on the edge of the table lift up and activate a tiny wind fan between his two lava-coated hands presenting a stern face at each red-colored floating bubble.
Taradiddle laughs inside the face mask. He stated, “Your assistant physician is literally fanning the blood bubbles in his direction as each blood molecule drifts into the air from the sliced skull meat of the child. He is corralling and collecting all of the escaping blood protein bubbles into an open bag. Once you have finished your sawing and implantation, well, you will see. I am jumping ahead of the medical procedure. However, I want to say with great confidence. The human body is a remarkable devise as it heals much quicker and faster with its own antibodies and blood molecules rather than with another’s human’s body parts and blood. How are you doing, Dr. Mummery? Please move back to the table and finish the medical procedure.”
Mummery moves ahead and stands in front of the open bone skull of hair and meat. She reaches down and starts to saw the knife blade sideways around the glowing amber spot in an incomplete circle, lifting the knife from the bone skull in the air near her smile, inside the face mask. She stated, “I am done, Dr. Taradiddle.”
More blood molecules drift up from the bloody knife in the air and the exposed skull meat on the sedated child as the small fan paddle pulls the air currents with the floating blood protein bubbles to the assistant physician. The physician twists and then twirls the fan around the rear of the blood bubbles, maneuvering all of them into a stationary open bag, which is located near his collar bone.
The transparent bag glitters in an array of floating and bouncing reddish-white tones of polished blood protein bubbles.
Taradiddle smiles inside the face mask at the nose profile on the female physician. He stated, “Excellent job, Dr. Mummery. Flip the flap which is still attached skull meat away from the glowing amber tumor. You will see an ugly sucker. The brain tumor appears yellow with a set of nasty looking worm-like twisted matching fibers. Use the other side of the surgery instrument. Flip the instrument over. The other side is an open spicket. Squeeze the tube and load the herpes virus directly down into the twisted fibers of the ugly yellow colored tumor of twisted fibers.”
She flips the instrument around inside her hands as the lava goo stick to the metal, without noise also. She reaches down and gently shoves the tip of the spicket between the ugly sideways rows of twisted fibers, covering the tumor, squeezing out a batch of blue colored paste.
Taradiddle smiled inside the face mask. “You didn’t have to work so hard, Dr. Mummery. The tumor will suck down the yummy blue liquid contents with ease. Then the blue paste will coat the yellow tumor and the gray matter of the brain along with the red blood. That is alright. Have you finished coating the tumor and the skull meat, yet? It is a very short procedure, less than three seconds.”
She lifts up and holds the surgery instrument beside her smile again, staring at the blue paste inside the ugly yellow brain tumor. She said without a head nod. “Yes. I have coated the tumor in blue colors. It spreads a very tiny bit around the skull meat and the original brain tissue, is that bad for the skull? Did I do something wrong, Dr. Taradiddle?”
“No. It is correct. Now, this is the hard part of the entire surgery operation. You must insert every floating blood protein bubble back down onto the skull meat like stuffing a piece of meat between the two sandwich bread pieces, if you wish.”
She looks up with a gasp and a worried brow through the face mask to see the nose profile of Taradiddle. Mummery asked, “How is that even possible? All the blood is shaped in bubbles. If I accidentally pop one, then the blood will split into more tiny bubbles, floating around outer space.”
“Yes, you are correct. You must not pop any of the blood protein bubbles. Let me explain one step at a time. First, flap the skull meat back over the blue colored pasty tumor. The blue paste will immediately adhere or glue down the skull meat back down over the yellow tumor with perfection.”
She gasps in shock. Mummery stated. “But then I will not be able to insert any of the blood bubbles between the skull meat and the tumor for the healing process.”
“Precisely, you will slowly and carefully move each blood bubble between the hairy and bloody skull meat and the wiggling lava goo. In essence, you will place or fan one blood protein bubble over the skull meat and then gently slap the lava goo over the bubble which will hold it in place.”
She frowned, “That…that is going to take hours.”
He smiled inside the face mask to her. “Yes, it is the hardest part of the zero gravity medical surgery procedure. However, you are staying on top of a soft lava carpet and you have plenty of time before the second scheduled procedure, this morning, Dr. Mummery. You wanted to be a brain surgery, remember?”
Mummery stated, “Yes sir.” She lifts and examines the surgery instrument into the face mask, wearing a confused brow. “It’s clean. There’re no brain tissue or blood components on the blade. It is shiny and clean.”
He smiled inside the face mask. “One of the benefits of zero gravity, everything moves around and off any object, even blood and guts. Please toss it back to me. We will sterile the metal anyways for maintaining a proper sanitary health procedure at our hospital environment.”
She lifts up and opens her palm. The object floats in the air. She gently taps it toward Taradiddle. He reaches out and extends his lava-coated hand catching the object with ease through the outer space air. She turns and nods to the assistant physician.
The assistant physician closes up the stationary bag on his collar bone and then turns pushing the object through the Zero Gravity atmosphere towards her open hands. Mummery holds her cupped hands in front of her face mask, reaching out and grabbing the bag. She exhales with a deep sigh of more work. She gently hugs the bag into her breast and slowly squeezes the bottom of the bag.
One single exit hole allows one single blood protein bubble to fly throughout outer space.
A single blood protein bubble squeezes out without rupture as she gently taps it down from escaping through outer space guiding it down to the skull meat with difficulty.
The blood protein bubble bobs side to side and away from her lava-coated hand.
Taradiddle smiled inside the face mask. “You’re looking good. And you are performing it correctly. You must guide each blood protein bubble down to the sawed skull meat. The bubble will automatically glue down to the skull meat or into the lava gel. Don’t worry about it sticking into the lava gel. The lava gel operates like a gooey bandage and will not adhere to the blood protein bubble and the hairy skin of the child. But you know that. Carry on, Dr. Mummery!” He turns to the closest open dressing tube as the lava molecules sense his mental thoughts.
The lava molecules shift and move Taradiddle forward to the dressing tube, like a walkway. He enters and then stops in place, inside a three-sided compartment, lifting up and shifting a lava-coated hand into a wall of wiggling lava for the mechanic lever. He grabs and then pulls the lever down.
The dressing tube slowly lowers back down into the operating theater floor, going down to the ground floor of the hospital and then halts. A metal panel slides across the top of the dressing tube with a soft slurp, sealing off all the outer space molecules and the bright stars.
The four walls hiss with a set of colored steam in pink, red, blue, green, and yellow colors from the exposed oxygen molecules and then hardens back into the formation of four square walls with a solid floor surface and a metal ceiling.
Taradiddle chuckles with amusement as his lava body suit hardens around his nakedness. Each crack tickles a naked body part, especially the tender spots.
This is the only method for removing a lava body suit from a human body. The lava does not harm the human flesh for some unexplained reason. However, the scientists on Pluto have assigned the material of the lava as a set of cool flames which can be touched and handled within an outer space atmosphere only.
Taradiddle shakes both his arms and rolls his hips presenting a grin and a chuckle as an assortment of hard chunks of colored lava fall down on top of the hard floor and also against the new hardened walls. The lava chunks will be reused for the next surgery medical operation within a few hours, today, on the same operating theater. He is a very busy physician performing a brain tumor surgery each day.
And the lava is self-cleaning too and does not contain bacteria agents of disease on a human body.
He stands in his birthday suit and sounds with a soft chuckle as the newly recycled oxygen molecules tickle his body. He reaches over and touches a second lever.
The backwards wall explodes outward into an assortment of medium sized lava chunks, exposing the inner guts of the operating theater.
Taradiddle spins around with a smile and moves on his naked feet over the wiggling floor from the exposed outer space from the rooftop, leaving an empty operating theater.
The theater room is normal again composed of flat and hard white concrete. There are four individual dressing tubes around the corners of the wall.
The walls and the floor will stay and wiggle in pretty lava particles as the theater platform is still used locate on top of the rooftop. Mummery continues to implant back one blood protein bubble at a time down into the child’s skull, helping with a swift recovery time.
She will finish within two hours in time for the breakfast meal on Planet Pluto.

Planet Jupiter
Great Red Spot location
Banquet hall setting
Heavy rain and humid temperatures
12:12 hours (late evening of 17 rotation hours)


The Milky Way Galaxy is occupied with nine inhabited planets and numerous smaller moons, one is the fifth planet from the Solar Sun and the largest world within the Solar System. Jupiter is a gas giant along with Planet Saturn and is home to the Great Red Spot.
The Great Red Spot is large enough to be seen through a telescope with a pair of naked eyeballs from Planet Earth.
For centuries, the star gazers and curious scientists on Planet Earth had theorized that the Great Red Spot was a permanent stationary rotating storm, within the southern hemisphere, with a set of super hurricane winds and a batch of vicious rain storms, without the pretty bouts of lightning bolts.
In the Earth standard year 2051, a fleet of ancient outer space ships of runaway earthlings found out the truth about the Great Red Spot. Coming from an armada of floating ancient space ships, the scientist crew bravely flew down through a set of 120 miles per hour winds and into a sideways deep oval-shaped hollow hole.
The hollow deep hole is the Great Red Spot seen for thousands of years on Planet Earth. The hole is actually a great big rotating hurricane storm set down inside the middle of a natural phenomenon. It is a continuous downpour of light to heavy raindrops, coming from a series of rotating storms clouds that circles the entire planet. The white colored cloud tops cover an area the size of three planets of Earth in a row. The cloud tops reach upwards to five miles into the atmosphere and stopped, barely tipping the exosphere or the blackness of outer space.
When the brave earthlings flew down from the star ship through the 120 miles-per-hour winds inside smaller scout starship for an eye view visual inspection of their new proposed home site, they discovered that the hollow point of the Great Red Spot consisted of hot air. The red color clouds are heated and warm. And the overhead white cloud tops inside the vicious storms also draws dangerous radiation drops away from the hollow environment within the Great Red Spot providing a life-saving environment for an earthling, without dying of radiation sickness.
And the cloud cover tops on Planet Jupiter also displays a series of colored uniform horizontal bands as each band of clouds moves in particular geographic different motion, rotating around the planet and created a new galactic sporting event, cloud surfing, in the year 2052.
In the year 2051, when a tiny ship of brave scientists landed inside the hole, they discovered a batch of hot air and a hard rock. The landscape within the hollow deep hole is a floor of solid and stable ice cold rock composed of red phosphorus minerals shining in bright yellow sulphur minerals that glitter prettily within the rain drops.
It took the one standard Earth year for the original earthlings to build a rooftop-like cover over the hollow deep hole distance, which was equal to one Earth diameter of 7,902 miles, inside the Great Red Spot. The rooftop appears like a long, wide covered bridge with a set of tall and thick columns of semi-rounded poles which keeps out the continuous downpour of rain, most of the time.
Each building is colored from red brick to pale salmon, depending upon the depth of ditch up red toned phosphorus minerals. However, all the gambling casinos are built and housed into a hue of solid yellow sulphur minerals, distinguishing the buildings for the family unit and fun family friendly amusement parks.
The hot air raises from the rock floor and mixed with the flowing eddies of the storm white clouds, drawing out some of the heated moisture inside the hollow hole too. But not much, therefore all the buildings do not possess a single viewing window, but a very efficient air conditioning system.
Within the red colored buildings, corporations have built and designed hologram worlds of fun, such like, sheriff and outlaw western gun shoot outs, skydiving over mountain peaks, riding dolphins over an ocean, singing in a musical play, tap dancing in a show, automobile race car driving over a road, underwater ship wreck treasure hunting, and other additional fun adventures that do not harm the family unit for thousands of credits.
The other fun adventure on Jupiter is cloud surfing and lounging inside the clouds at the cloud resorts.
Jupiter consists of high attitude storm cloud rotate around the entire planet, where the cloud cover displays a set of colorful uniform horizontal bands as the bands of clouds moves in a different motion pathway around the planet too. Thus, the other fun outdoor adventure for visitors on Jupiter is galactic cloud surfing event and lounging inside the clouds at one of the many the cloud resorts.
Inside banquet room number 2,578 on one of the tallest hotel buildings, the male host stands and faces all the sitting and eating audience members behind a speaker podium beside a large active display screen. The male host possesses a head of brown hair and a tone of dark skin wearing a black jacket and a pair of dark trousers, without a neck tie, standing behind the speaker podium. He slightly poses sideways beside the ceiling to floor active display palmer screen on the forward wall as the sitting and eating audience members listen to the host and watch the palmer screen holding an individual face of an active Outlaw. 
The host greeted, “Welcome back for the continuation of the season’s Outlaw Dinner and Dance. I hoped everyone has enjoyed the dancing music and the healthy meal. And I will say again that you are the handsomest and finest set of outer space law enforcers in the universe…”
She leans over into his nose profile and presents a grin. She asked with a whisper. “Do you wanna dance with me later, this evening?”
He stated, “No.” He lifts his stern face from the plate of food and then inserts his fork of dessert into his open mouth, chewing and scanning the audience of peers. He is an outer space law enforcer or the nicknamed, Outlaw, for shitty kicks. His position is an old fashion cousin to a police officer of planet Earth that patrols the Solar System for pay and pride, centuries ago.
The Outlaw Dinner and Dance is held each season for all the fallen and dead outlaws, retiring outlaws, and meritorious outlaws.
She continues to sweet breath onto his nose profile. She said with a wicked grin. “Do you wanna get a drink after this thing ends with me?”
He swallows the food dropping the fork down into the soft dessert again for another piece with a stern face. He stated, “No.” He inserts another forkful of dessert into his mouth, chewing and scanning the room.
The banquet room is a wide rectangle-shaped room, where each side wall holds an embarrassing collage of interactive play clips of each retiring Outlaw.
The rear wall holds a stationary photograph of each deceased Outlaw as it shows two still pictures. The two elderly Outlaws had died at the age of 121 years old, an average for any native living inside the Solar System.
Peace has existed, within the Solar System, after World War 13 ended in last the 21st Century, making the concept of the law enforcement officer a pun of jokes at the breakfast table each sunrise among the brilliance colored stars.
However, a person needs a job.
The designated law enforcement officer provides and prevents no harm to any citizen on any planet as more starships leave and abandon their home world of Earth to travel ahead reaching beyond to the outer edge of the Solar System but not beyond Dwarf Planet Pluto.
No human has raced beyond the galaxy, yet.
The galaxy runs smoothly, without trouble and without laws. There are the occasional ships of space pirates that are more annoying some of the ancient space captains, who race across the blackness of space with a big shipment of overpriced merchandise.
She asked, “Do you wanna come back to my personal suite after the dinner?” The girl continues to smile into his nose profile. Her name is Eartha Hampden, an earthling. She is very pretty female possessing a head of platinum-colored, cropped hair, a pair of baby blue eyeballs, a set of long legs, a glowing tone of pale tinted skin, and possesses a tall body frame for an earthling. She does not have a set of crooked teeth and a broken nose like almost all the other females inside the Outlaw Division. She has worked as an Outlaw for three years and six months.
He swallows the food with a stern face. He stated, “No.” He drops the fork and reaches down for the cloth napkin, wiping out his dirty face and two dusty hands wearing his fake grin, watching the host on top of the elevated platform. He is named Leer Dunstan possessing a cropped head of blonde hair and a clean shaved chin. He stands average height and weight for a male species within the Solar System. His skin glows in pale hue underneath the dull overhead lamps of the banquet room. His emerald eyeballs watch the host.
The Outlaw host nods with a smile holding his excitement of the future announcement. He announced, “Fellow outlaws, it is the time that we have been anticipating and drooling about. An outlaw is a curious and compassion creature of the times…”
Leer switches an empty dessert plate for an empty teacup and saucer containing hot water, sliding his hand deep down into the jacket pocket, feeling the beans. He slips his folded fist from his dinner jacket pocket dropping the two brown-colored beans down into the hot water, stirring the spoon with the ingredients.
The host continues with a smile and a nod. He said, “He or her job is to woo and sooth the victim of any crime. There is not a criminal within our galaxy ever. We rotate and rehab a criminal back into society, maintaining a perfect society.” He exhales. “I like to wait before presenting the last award of the night when you are finally relaxed for the evening. Actually, I like to wait until all the hot heads have been truly relaxed before the final presentation of the evening.
“The Fire Star trophy is more than an honor. It is a commitment and a character all its own. The Fire Star trophy is presented to the Outlaw, who has killed the least, or none to zero number of times. I know there are times when an Outlaw gun is used and used good. But we all live in peace now. Peace is maintained by listening and caring which includes every single Outlaw here inside this room. I would like for everyone to look around and softly applaud your fellow Outlaw.” Each face turns and scans the room holding a smile, softly clapping. The host smiles with a nod around the dull lighted room. He stated, “We are represented by all Outlaws and every Outlaw Division throughout the Solar System from the sorry-ass planet of Earth to the supersonic winds of Planet Neptune…”
Planet Earth in the late 21st Century finally poisoned all the fresh waterways for drink, radiated all the landscape for food, and blindly covered up the warm sun for heat. Then a group of brave-heart and foolish-minded earthlings fled for fresh air, clean water, and survival of a new day.
The exodus of the two earthlings from Planet Earth had actually been a mistake.
A couple of teenage males were having some fun-ass time in the backyard of the home of one of the parents, working on a science fair project for the local high school. The males designed and created the first star ship run by a flame of fire.
In outer space, a flame of fire is shaped like a dome, not a teardrop. The pull of gravity draws cold, dense air down into the base of the fire, displacing the hot air. Then the hot air raises.
In the 21st Century, the two teenagers built a two-seater space craft of hard mixed metals from various stolen or purchased metal machines, running a set of twisted soft tubes around the bottom of the craft, mostly for a soft landing back down to the hard earth soil on the planet. The space craft was anchored with a set of six rubber balloons which were filled with helium as the lousy fuel source.
As the set of helium balloons lifted the homemade space craft from the soil and into the air, the helium ignited into a pretty explosion with a set of raw wiring components inside the space craft.
The space craft expelled a fire ball of heated flamed throughout the interior of the tubing system, flying the two-seater space craft through the stratosphere of Earth and toward the moon of Earth.
Only one side the tubing contained and maintained a flame of fire which allowed the space craft to rotate around the dark side of the moon, before falling back down to Earth.
The space craft dropped down then landed over the hot and humid soft desert of western America.
Then a set of numerous military radar equipment pieces picked up the single unidentified flying object, dispatching all type of military planes and helicopters to the crash-landed site, finding two live teenagers and one burnt re-entry space craft.
The adventurous teens suffered from a series of radiation burns, broken bones, and hypothermia. Both of the teens required numerous sets of amputation on several limbs also. However, the teens made space flight possible for all earthlings.
It didn’t take a group of brilliant scientists long to figure out a compulsion system of outer space flames. The key was keeping the air flow of oxygen, going directly into the fire.
Once the scientists solved that problem, earthlings demanded a fleet of space ships to the stars and off Planet Earth.
A fleet of star ships was built, loaded, and launched from planet Earth within two calendar years.
The only habitants stay living on Planet Earth were the wealthy or lazy family units with their monies, who thought that they could buy people to stay and to serve their asses for eternity.
The Outlaw Dinner and Dance host smiles with a nod. He stated, “Yeah, it sounds backwards and weird. But weird has it benefits too. Within the miles of outer space, if there is an outlaw, who has not killed one single life form, then that outlaw will receive a very special award, not just any award. A picture, yeah. A house, great. A credit bonus, wow. The Fire Star trophy is the highest respect for an Outlaw and our universe, since we all live and work here, except for Earth. Sorry-ass Earth doesn’t count for nothing.”
For centuries, Planet Earth has been decaying and dying down into its own sewer shit, after the exodus of earthlings. However, miracles do occur every once in a while. Currently, there is a pod of people living on Planet Earth, who continue to communication and commerce with her far distance sister flesh and blood cousins and her sister outer space planets, within the Solar System. However, the rest of the outer space planets do not share the reception or the reciprocity, either. Thus, sorry-ass Earth stand alone and isolated, inside a cold, dark Solar System.
The host smiles with a nod. He said, “It is my pleasure and my honor to award the Fire Star to one and only Gattora Elater.” The audience sounds with a series of claps, whistles, and hoots.
Leer drops open then closes his mouth licking his lips, staring at the dull lamps over the hair roots of the host.
A shadow of average height stands and quickly shuffles across the empty dance floor stopping and stands beside the host. She wears a smile and waves her to her peers of Outlaws. The host leans over and hands the female the trophy and the envelope. He stated. “Outlaw Gattora was the only outer space law enforcement officer to report zero kills or no killings during the completed season. Please come up and congratulate her for this magnificent honor.”
Tean leans over with a sad frown into the nose profile of his fellow outlaw. He stated, “Sorry, Leer.” He measures six feet in height possessing a head of cropped blonde hair, a pair of hazel tinted eyeballs, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a body of strong muscles. Tean wears a red tinted ancient sports jacket over his light blue sleeveless tee shirt, light blue, a light blue pair of walking shorts, an ancient, ratty, tan-colored flip-flops over his naked bare feet.
“Thanks.” Leer stated. He exhales with a huff of disappointment.
Boodle leans over Tean with a sad frown seeing the nose profile of her fellow outlaw, too. She stated, “I am so sorry, too, Leer. You were so, so close, this season.” She sits upright and stares at the host. She stands average height and weight possessing a head of cropped strawberry-blonde hair curls, a pair of aqua colored eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin, not wearing her Outlaw attire, but a yellow tinted, sleeveless, short dress and a pair of ancient tan colored flip-flops over her naked feet.
Eartha leaps off the lip of the floor and then lands in an upright pose on top of an extra-long, wide, sturdy paddle board which can transport multiple upright passengers. She leans into the back spine on her female coworker and states to whisper the unique Pluto adventure with Leer and Purry into the eardrum on Boodle. Boodle presents a smile and slowly starts paddling away from the floating Beetle starship but waits for her boyfriend Tean.
Inside the cockpit, Leer said. “Purry, let me get out first then you come out five minutes later. Can you tell or count time in minutes?’ Purry, the tiny rock girl spins around from the windshield glass and nods to Leer, without talking. He softly chuckles then drops down on top of the metal floor crawling backwards through the tunnel, exiting the hole. He stands upright on top of the metal scooting away from the damaged outer space suit then opens the hidden closet quickly dressing in a new oversized Outlaw uniform that does not belong to Leer. He does not have time to prim and prime for the upcoming meeting with his partners, before reporting back to his supervisor Darsha the terrible events on Planet Pluto.
He wears a white tinted pair of walking shorts, a matching sleeve-less tee shirt, a pair of naked feet, and a clean shaven face, slowly padding towards the right-side hatchway, waving to Tean. He had used the emergency kit in the pilot’s chair to shave the beard off his face. His mama will not approve!
Tean maneuvers closer to the hatchway lip watching the waves and the water.
Purry quickly counts off the human minutes inside the cockpit area then leaps down from the pilot console running ahead her tiny rock girl formation on top of the metal floor, exiting the hole and then halts in place. Her body shimmers in pretty colors and as each dot is ordered to expand acquiring her normal rock-coated height. She shuffles ahead then stops beside Leer, cuddling into his back spine then shoves Leer from the hatchway and down on top of the paddle boat.
Tean continues to view the water and the waves without slamming the board into the dock or injuring his body against the metal dock. He measures six feet in height possessing a head of cropped blonde hair, a pair of hazel tinted eyeballs, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a body of strong muscles. Tean wears light blue, consisting of a pair of walking shorts, a matching sleeveless tee shirt, and a pair of bare feet.
“Let’s get outta here!” Eartha offered. She smiles with a nod to the nose profile of Leer. “We can go and have some fun with cloud surfing. It is beautiful at night.” The other Outlaws stand and spin around moving to the front of the room greeting the new winner of the Fire Star trophy.
Leer grits his teeth and stares at the winner of the Fire Star trophy, which is not his person. He sneered, “No.” He sips the hot coco beverage feeling the burn go right down his tight throat of defeat, gently dropping the cup to the table and then stands from his chair. “Bye! See all of you at work, tomorrow morning!” He spins around and wears a stern face quickly shuffling through a standing and happy crowd of other Outlaws.
Eartha quickly stands and wears a confused brow, spinning around, dashing after Leer towards the entrance doors.
Boodle stands from her chair, at the same time as Leer, slowly swinging around, moving through the crowd and pulls up beside his elbow. She slaps the old worn dark blue sports jacket on Leer. She stated with a grin. “Come on, Leer! Tonight’s comet night, the gravitational field of Jupiter controls a set of numerous asteroids that fly and die and turn into a newbie baby comet with a tail color of blue or pink. It’s so cute. Well, that’s what the article says.”
Eartha pulls up on the other side gently extending out, touching her hand on his jacket. She said with a nod and a grin. “If you ride inside one of the mini-pods on top of the comet’s tail, it brings good luck, so they say over and over again.”
Tean stands from the chair and swing around from the table, knocking around both heads and elbows of the other Outlaw from his tall muscular body. He pulls up beside his girl Boodle. He wears a smile looking to see the nose profile on Leer too. He said, “Come and have some fun, Leer! We’re all going to visit all the different and fun amusement parks inside the Great Red Spot in one night. We only get the one night free of charge for all the fun places and then sleep at about three in the morning and then get up at five in the morning to ride back and slept inside the star ship to Neptune.” He moves in a row with Boodle, Eartha, and Leer towards the wall corner, where a side door stands is labeled with the flashing yellow tinted words: Elevator to Space Port. Then Tean stops and stands watching Leer enter the single door first then Eartha, then Boodle and finally Tean.
The banquet hall is located inside one of the taller buildings at the 5,600 level with an array of windowless floors, conducting a business or entertainment meeting. Each wall presents a ceiling-to-floor palmer screen for a vocal presentation or an activity or a memorial or a hologram show, depending upon the formal or informal meeting of guests. Since all the wall space is occupied, each wall corner holds a single triangular door leading to an inner corridor. The inner corridor is composed of numerous tiny elevator carriages holding four people.
Each wall corner serves a purpose for the guest, such as, an elevator to the space port for your star ship for home, an elevator to hotel for your booked room, an elevator to the park entrance into one of many amusement places, or the service elevator for the bathrooms and the staff.
The door opens for an exit from the banquet room.
Leer moves ahead and enters the tiny elevator carriage. The elevator doors do not automatically open from his heat signature, so the carriage is currently occupied with other Outlaw guests going up to a space birth for a space ship. He halts and stars at the black colored doors presenting a stern face. He stated with a serious tone. “I know about the numerous amusement parks inside the Great Red Spot which is a prominent oval shaped feature in the southern hemisphere of Jupiter. And I know that too.”
Tean continues to smile and stares at the nose profile on Leer. “Naw, you don’t. This is new and one of the hottest entertainment events of the season.”
Eartha leans over with a gasp and a smile to see Tean. She asked, “Are you really going to try and do that, Tean?”
Leer stares at the closed door. He asked. “Do what?”
Eartha views Boodle and wears a confused brow. She stated, “Play creepy galactic radio D.J. on the poor earthlings.”
“Yeah,” Boodle laughed. She nods with a giggle bouncing into the rib cage of her guy Tean.
“How is that galactically possible?” Leer frowns at the closed elevator door.
Tean laughed. “That’s not a word, galactically, Leer.”
Boodle smiles and hug her man Tean. She stated. “Well, there are numerous situations occurring, now. One, Jupiter is the fourth brightest object in the night sky, after the Sun, the Moon and Venus on Earth, so all the earthlings will see us during their nighttime sleepy time.”
Tean smiled. “The face of Planet Jupiter dates back to the Babylonian astronomers of the seventh century B.C., since Planet Earth overtakes Planet Jupiter every 398.90 days as it orbits the Solar Sun. Jupiter is not a solid body. It is shaped like a bulge of fat at the equator, making it easy to see through a telescope of Earth. The orbit of Jupiter appears outside of Planet Earth’s flight angle. Thus, Jupiter always appears nearly fully illuminated through any Earth based telescope.”
Eartha frowns at Tean. She stated, “So what! Earthlings always star gaze at the Great Red Spot and the colorful cloud bands here, wishing that they had invented space travel first.”
Tean smiled with a nod. “So tonight, with the exact rotation of the planet and the flash of radio long L-bursts facing Earth, the skyline will light up with fireworks like the space monster’s coming to get you or something.”
“Or something? I’m going back home to sleep inside my bed.” Leer stated. He stares with a sour frown at the closed carriage doors, fidgeting with his impatience of the disappointing early day.
It takes 4,333 days for Jupiter to orbit the fixed Solar Sun. Or eleven years and eighty six days, when the time is compared to a standard Earth rotation of 365 days. The Jovian solar days are 10,476 long within a solar year which creates a wonderful place for a set of numerous planetary theme fun parks for the merry and happy vacationing people that provides both a very long fun day and adds protection from the heavy humid rains inside the Hole.
Boodle bounces up and down and presents a smile and a nod. She asked, “Are you joshing with me, Leer? This is reason that the Outlaw Dinner is being held on Jupiter, this long continuous day and night morning.”
Leer frowned at a set of closed elevator doors. “Have fun scaring the silly earthlings!”
Boodle views the nose profile of Leer presenting a sour frown and a nod, understanding the issue. Leer is upset about not winning the Fire Star trophy. She turns with a smile to see the nose profile on Eartha. She asked, “Are you coming with me, Eartha?”
The elevator automatically slides open from his heat signature.
Leer enters the carriage alone.
Eartha stares at the ass on Leer presenting a sour frown and a nod. She softly stated, “Yeah, I guess. I don’t wanna go back home alone tonight.”
Leer swing around to face a blank exterior wall of the banquet room, wearing with a stern face, avoiding the frowns of his co-worker Outlaws.
Boodle back steps with a smile and pulls on the hand of Tean in the opposite direction of the space port carriage, twisting her body and her smile to back into the banquet hall to enter the amusement park elevators. She said, “The planet rotates every nine hours and fifty minutes and thirty seconds. It’s almost midnight here. But it’s twice the time on Earth. It’s nighttime there at around eight o’clock. Hey, we gotta go and start the fireworks, now, sweetheart.”
Tean releases Boodle sliding his tallness between the closing doors, wearing a worried brow. He shouted his command to his girl. “Boodle, I’ll be there in an Earth second. I wanna tuck Leer into the ship’s cradle for the galactic ride home to Neptune. Go on, darling!” The elevator doors close shut.

At 13:03 hours/minutes, Leer faces a solid black colored wall reaching out and presses his finger pad into the tiny box of blinking red lights on the side wall. Each starship is monitored and assigned by a body part or a blood protein. However, most of the pilots do not like giving out a blood protein for any reason.
The elevator carriage shoots rapidly upwards toward the assigned berth of 5,498 located near the top of the hotel building. Leer was a little late for the dinner grabbing a spot on one of the highest floors, exhaling with a puff of frustration of the night.
The tiny elevator rushes up with great speed planned by the hotel management for ditching the non-paying guest and their ship for the next available new paying guest. All the amusement parks and the casinos are always crowded and booked for two Earth years in advance of paid fun.

At 13:06 hours, the elevator carriage smoothly halts sliding open a set of silence doors into the sport port area.
Leer reaches up and massages his temple holding an array of dizzy brain cells, rushing ahead from the carriage towards his starship. He wears a stern face wanting off the planet now and then halts in front of the hatch door, slamming his hand into the wet metal.  The parking entrance hole receives a stream of flying water from the continuous rain storms that drown the Great Dark Spot of Jupiter, if not for a set of enclosed buildings to protect the humans. Animals live somewhere inside the circus entertainment theme park. Leer remembered seeing an assortment of stuffed and dead animals, including elephants, giraffes, and zebras. There are numerous alive and scratching tiny furry kittens and mouth drooling puppies to pat and play during the fun time as a young child.
The starship is called a Birdie. A Birdie contains one pilot chair in front of the nose cone. The ship is slightly more egg-shaped looking rather than any other geometric figure from his advanced mathematical class during school. The tip or front grill of the egg-shaped ship is slightly pointy to cut through the tons of outer space molecules at a high rate of flame-burn.
The rear grill part of the ship is sliced straight across, housing a set of two stoker engines.
On each side of the pilot chair, a pair of visually folded wings looks like an upside-down alphabet letter V. The inverted V-pattern also appears like a pair of bird wings named by a smartass engineer on Planet Saturn. Saturn is the place where all the machines of outer space are designed, made, and purchased for the rest of the outer space pilots and families.
The middle description of the Birdie is a fat and bugling like a hard-shelled egg which is really a hollow space of storage for personal luggage plus tons of gear for rescue and survival inside outer space in case of an outer space emergency.
As a child, after seeing the stuffed and dead Earth type animals inside the circus themed park on Jupiter, Leer always compared the Birdie starship to an upright walking penguin. The king penguin behind the glass lifts his chin in the sky showing off a sharp pointy beak of orange. The white and blue elongated body of the king penguin is thick and egg-shaped, like the middle of the Birdie. This penguin poses for Leer slightly fluffing out a set of black colored wings, showing an inverted v-shaped pattern. And finally, the arctic bird possesses a pair of bold colored black feet greatly contrasting its white body. Thus, the stuffed animal image never has left Leer’s childhood mind.
Currently, the king penguin species are dead on Planet Earth due to toxic radiation and water poisoning of the ocean life.
The rear grill on the Birdie is a large piece of tall, smooth, horizontal-shaped metal decorated with a series of V-shaped, clear-looking, super-strong glass pipes. Behind the metal, there is a set of two large empty boxes with a continuous flame of fire in the middle. The rear section of the birdie or any other starship is called a stoker engine. When the fire flames into a burn or an outer space flight, the rear grill blazes in an array of black colored flames to disguise the stoker engine from behind. Thus, if the Birdie becomes upright inside the outer space waves, then it appears like the king penguin with a pointy chin, a rounded body, and a pair of black elongated feet.
A stoker engine is built on every starship flying back and forth throughout the galaxy on one single flame of fire. A space fire does not diminish or blow out in outer space waves. Thus, a starship can fly for hours, days, years, and centuries, without stopping for fuel, only food.
The top of the Birdie holds a pilot bubble shield plus all the flying instrumentation control and the air supply module.
The exterior metal of a business or personal star ship is built on Planet Saturn at rows of manufacturing factories and designed with any type of clear pipes from straight line to curved line to circles to squares to triangles. Pretty much, the owner can use and then bend any type of geometric design of a pipe and in any array color range too.
Each body metal frame of the Birdie, including the folded wings, is decorated with an array of wiggly shaped clear continuous hollow pipes. When the space fire stokes the flight engine, every wiggly hollow pipe illuminates with a different color from a single flame that comes from the stoker engine box inside the rear grill. This particular Birdie is Leer’s purchased and maintained personal asset. Thus, he had designed two sets of wiggly colors on each side of the wing section with his personal taste.
Starting in the center of the Birdie, there is a transparence pilot bubble shield holding pilot Leer. On each side of the bubble shield, the first set of wiggly V-shaped continuous lines are colored in yellow hue and then followed by the hues of pale blue, tan, dark brown, dark blue, and midnight black. The midnight black falls along the bottom sides of the Birdie, carrying down underneath the underbelly of the ship, too. He had created this color illumination so that the ship would imitate a speeding comet with an upper array of light colors, traveling through black outer space as one of space pirates pretended to see a flying comet rather than a fancy and fast Birdie.
Some of the space pirates are very bold and daring trying first and then taking second a flying starship from the pilot while in space flight, which is a galactic robbery. That act is not punished by an Outlaw, since an Outlaw does not have jurisdiction over the space pirates, but it is fair game for the pilot to fire and burn the space pirate into space dust. And then the killing sign is also reciprocated too.
This particular Birdie is designated by a specific handprint or hand heat signature to an associated outlaw like Leer, so no one can steal or borrow his personal starship, unless the thief quickly overrides and then rigs the set of delicate body part sensors.
The bubble shield lifts up and then over to one side, away from Leer as the pilot chair rises up from the floor and then halts extending out and planting a steep ladder down on top of the hard surface. The pilot chair looks like a throne chair from the ancient kingdom on Planet Earth. The long ladder keeps both the hands and the boot toes from scraping and scratching the delicate wiggly pipes surrounding the cockpit station. Some pilots like to grab and jump inside the cockpit, which eventually cracks the delicate glass panels. When the glass is cracked, the colorful flames does not move through the pipe glass triggering a space pirate to mark the personal or commercial starship for thievery.
Tean dashes out from the carriage then stops standing behind the back spine on Leer, wearing with a worried brow to his childhood friend. He asked, “What’s your probe?”
“I don’t probe.” Leer stated. He touches the middle ream on the step ladder and wears a stern face of disappointment.
Tean parks both of his hands on his hips shaking his blonde colored cropped hair, presenting with a sour frown. He stated, “You don’t play well either. Eartha, she’s a nice girl. She really likes you. Do you like her?”
“We are partners.” He stated. Leer moves up the steps, swinging and settling into the single seat.
Tean nods with a frown at the nose profile of Leer. He said, “Yeah, Boodle and I are partners, too. And we’re getting married within two months. Nothing’s stopping that. Eartha, no one that I knew really cares that she’s a transplanted earthling.”
“We are partners.” Leer stated, He taps the button to ignite the flame of fire, without burning his childhood into a pile of gray ashes. All starships use a continuous flicker of fire to fuel a stoker engine for outer space flight. All the pilots call it a burn, such like, burning the flame at both ends. The flame of fire does not produce plumes of heat, only pretty lights over the exterior metal of a star ship.
Tean exhaled with a sour frown. “She’s a nice girl. She’s pretty girl. She’s a smart girl. O! I see. I hear. I taste. I smell. I feel. You’re mad about the award.”
“No.” Leer stated. He watches the console of the starship. The console indicator lights of the Birdie blinked for a split second with an array of pretty colorful lights and then darkened. The black represents all systems are functioning normally, including the air tanks for breathing humans. And the fire stoker box is flamed and ready for a burn or a flight. All the console lights on any type of star ship stay in the color of black, unless there’s engine trouble. Then the pilot turns into the color of red with panic or blue for death.
“Yes. I’ve seen the same old signs from you, last season, too. You go through this depression cycle, three seasons running now. Everyone has to kill something every once in a while. It...it is part of our job as an Outlaw. Why did you fly solo?” Tean asked. He turns and examines the unfamiliar starship, recognizing all a personal space craft, not one of the Outlaw starships.
“I am going to go and see my parents first.” Leer said. He reaches out and slips on a pair of expensive leather gloves for fun, appearance, and warmth of the cold outer space non-breathable air currents.
Tean exhales and then smiles. He said, “Okay. Yeah. Say ‘hi’ to them for me. Look...”
He reaches out and shakes the guiding stick on the floor between his kneecaps, testing the sturdy metal for any audio pops or hisses of broken gears or gauges. His eardrums hear nothing. Leer stated, “I don’t look. I wanna go home. I’m tired and full and like to pee in my own toilet shit.” He turns with a silly grin and views his childhood friend Tean then nods in silence.
Tean slaps his hand with a head nod on the dry metal frame of the cockpit, looking up with a smile to see Leer. He said, “Tomorrow is more steam on Neptune inside the Pond. Good night, Leer. Fly safe, buddy. Uh…”
“I know.” He exhaled with a huff of annoyance.
“Okay, later, Water Boy,” Tean laughed. He back steps and spins around rushing to the catch one of the open carriage doors for his fun day and night on Jupiter. And then elevator doors close shut.
Leer exhales with a huff of defeat, wiggling inside the pilot chair, webbing a body into the soft leather. The webbing triggers the ladder to rise and then load back into the hidden compartment underneath the pilot chair. The chair floats down and locks in place on top of the floor, for flight. The bubble shield automatically closes over the blonde hair roots of Leer in silence. He reaches out and flips on an array of switches that controls many functions.
One switch opens a set of the stored oxygen tanks forcing a set of air molecules through the series of wiggly clear and hollow pipes and then directly floating over a tiny spark of flame inside the stroke wick. Then a space fire births inside each stoker engine located in the rear grill of the Birdie.
Leer is ready to fly back home to Neptune tonight. He shoves the gliding stick forward. The Birdie flies straight ahead following the exterior berth hole of the space port, through the thick cloud coverage on the west side of the building and fell into a set of falling rain. He whined, “Shit.” He wiggles the stick side to side clearing off the bubble windshield, slowly ascending up through a set of orange colored heavy cloud cover of five miles. Each building houses a space port on the side for a fast arrival and a swifter departure. The starship can fly upwards through the attitude clouds or straight ahead into the altitude clouds to escape from the Hollow.


Outer space location
(1.33 billion space miles from Planet Jupiter to Planet Uranus)
13:13 hours/minutes


A palmer screen on the side console panel, inside the Birdie, illuminates displaying a tall female in the colors of red and blue behind a solid black colored background. The female possesses a head of long, red colored hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a pair of blue eyes shifting her collar bone slightly side to side, sounding with a giggle and a grin. She wears a bikini bottom of red hue and a bikini top in pale blue colors as her pair of gigantic covered breasts jiggles side to side.
Each starship allows the pilot to select a male or a female automated voice package that is displayed on a flat palmer screen.
A long time ago, the automated voice package contained a three-dimensional hologram figure located on top of the console panel for a pair of human eyeballs. However, numerous pilots, specifically males, had caused too many outer space flight accidents watching the sexy girly hologram, instead of the boring starships. Thus, the hologram figure was terminated and then replaced with a flat palmer screen displaying a one-dimensional figure. 
Leer choses a female package as each Outlaw starship uses a male timber command package.
The soprano computer voice of the female presenting a smile and a wink through the palmer screen, inside the cockpit on the birdie, stares at the chin on Leer. “Warning: you are passing through the hundred miles per hour winds of the uplifting thirty miles of an altitude atmosphere of ammonia crystal clouds inside the Hole on planet Jupiter. The magnetic field of Jupiter is fourteen times as strong as planet Earth, thus you might fly at maximum flame burn to break from the rotating orbit of planet Jupiter.”
Leer pushes the gilding stick forward to the end for a maximum flame burn of 659,500,000 miles per hour, moving swiftly forward toward a set of four colorful dusty rings of Jupiter between the blackness of outer space and the bright twinkles of distance stars.
“Attention: you have cleared the 3,000 miles of altitude atmosphere of ammonia crystal clouds of the Hole, flying toward the planetary ring system of Jupiter.” The female image says with a smile and a wink via the palmer screen.
Leer flies through the air restricted horizontal bands of tan color that provided an excellent side show of the popular entertainment and sports event called cloud surfing. He turns with a smile to see a group of colorful space suit protected cloud surfers in a state of various poses of cloud surfing fun. The planet of Jupiter is completed covered from polar axis to polar axis in alternating brown or orange colored layers of counter-rotating colorful clouds of ammonia crystals. The overall cloud layer cover is thirty-one miles deep and consists of two decks of clouds, a thick orange colored lower deck and a thin tan hue higher deck.
Within each tan colored belt, each uniform row of clouds is composed of ammonia crystals and water drops. Underneath the ammonia clouds, the water polarity creates and produces numerous pretty bolts of dark blue tinted lightning with an electrical charge a thousand times greater as a single bolt of lightning on Planet Earth.
Some of the surfers are folded down at the waist and bent at their kneecaps swiftly racing up and down between the high and low cloud tops on a pair of speeding surfer boots as the leaders. While other surfers sail on top of a curved surfboard machine riding up and down through the high and low cloud tops too at different speeds. The uniform cloud coverage speeds around the planet at hundred miles-per-hour. As other surfers slowly ride inside a protective covered cloud carriage enjoying the colorful atmosphere of Jupiter.
The Birdie ascends through the clouds, climbing up through black outer space.
“Attention: you are passing underneath the inner torus of ice particles known as the Halo Ring of Jupiter.”
Leer flies up towards the stars through a set of dull tan colored dust inside the ring composed of collided debris from the decayed ancient moon, surrounding Jupiter, eons ago.
“Attention: passing underneath the middle torus of ice particles of the Main Ring of Jupiter.”
Leer continues to climb through a set of sparkling bright yellow colored dust inside the second ring of Jupiter composed of the same collided debris from a set of ancient moons.
“Attention: you are passing underneath the inner gossamer ring of Amalthea on Jupiter.” The female image presents a smile and a wink via the palmer screen into the Birdie.
Leer angles his ship toward the bright stars heading through a set of red and blue colored dust inside the ring composed of collided debris from the moon. Then he reaches over and punches on the palmer communication button, without interrupting the palmer screen, with the fake sexy female for galactic warnings throughout outer space. Static sounds over the console of the star ship.
The female voice sounds warm and happy via the communication speaker. She said, “Hi, honey.”
Only his mom is allowed to say that endearment to her child. A dating girl sometimes tries to call Leer by an endearment, who usually ends up back at her house for a cold shower and a cold drink of water, without Leer.
He smiled at her warm voice. “Hi, Mom.” Leer angles the ship toward the bright stars, heading through a set of green and purple colored dust inside the next ring of Jupiter. 
“Attention: you have collided with the Amalthea’s ring of Jupiter.” The light blue outline of the female image presents a sour frown and a head shake.
She gasped via the palmer speaker box. “What’s happening, honey?”
He gasped. “Right toe! I hit an array of tiny rock purple colored particles. The rocks are bouncing off the bubble shield.” Leer slips the gliding stick down, missing most of the tiny rock particles on the ring, making musical tings into the bubble shield on the Birdie.
The warm male voice stays calm and provides good instructions. He said over the palmer speaker box into the Birdie. “Drop down deeper into outer space. Stay away from the rocky string of Amalthea’s ring orbit, son. Go sideways at about five million space miles from the outer rings of rock and ice. Then you will also be far enough away from the Trojan asteroid field that surrounds Jupiter, too. Hey, Leer! It’s your old dad speaking here.”
Leer smiled. “Hey, Dad! I’ve dropped down and slid over five million space miles, moving sideways through outer space and away from the last ring of Jupiter.”
“Attention: you are passing underneath the outer gossamer ring of Thebe on Jupiter.” The female image continued to present a smile and a wink via the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie to the face of Leer.
The Birdie twists to the side realigning into a straight line, flying between the bright stars and black air of outer space. Leer moves the ship forward on a parallel course to Planet Uranus from Planet Jupiter traveling at 659,500,000 million miles-per-hour through the outer space waves.
The female image claps with a nod and a smile on the palmer screen. “You have cleared the planetary rings, moving away from the largest planet within the Milky Way Galaxy, excluding the Solar Sun. Jupiter has an equator diameter of 88,846 miles across. Thank you for your visit to the fun world of Jupiter. We hope to see you again this season, pilot Leer.” 
Leer lifts the ship up into black colored outer space and then sails forward on a parallel course to Planet Uranus from Planet Jupiter traveling at 659,500,000 million miles-per-hour.


Outer space location
(1.330 billion space miles from Planet Jupiter to Planet Uranus)


The black space on the right side of Birdie is filled with an array of numerous pretty white or yellow or light blue fuzzy stars. Each star contains with a long, shining tail. The white colored tail streams across black space at five million miles. Each star will shift and then collide into the next one, creating a red and blue fireball. Or the stars will merge together creating a yellow and orange longer comet.
“Warning: one fireball approaches on the right side of your birdie at six trillion miles in space distance.” The female image shows her nose profile facing the approaching fireball, saying via the palmer screen.
His mom said via the speaker box. “How was the outlaw dinner, honey?”
“Anti-climactic…” Leer stated. He exhales with a huff of disappointment, three years running, too.
“Anti-cyclonic.” His dad laughed. “That’s funny, son. Since the Great Dark Spot of Neptune and the Great Red Spot of Jupiter are both a stationary anti-cyclonic storm system on its respective planet. I heard the computer warn you of an approaching fireball, heading to the atmosphere of Jupiter. Move away another ten trillion space miles, son.” His dad said via the speaker box. “Jupiter is the galaxy’s garbage can. It has a great big gravity well and is located in the center of the galaxy too. It receives the most frequent comet impacts of the all the planets that gather and stay inside the Trojan asteroid field of over 04.216 billion space miles away from the planet. And that crowded and cold asteroid field protects planet Earth from numerous fiery fireballs, too.”
She exhaled. “O. I’m sorry, honey.”
“Got it,” Leer stated. He slips the gliding stick to the side as the Birdie soars away from the comets and deeper into black outer space.
“That particular fireball has impacted the planet below, creating a set of twenty three separate fiery red and purple colored rock fragments from the destroyed comet which had collided into the northern hemisphere of planet Jupiter. Do you want a palmer record of the historical event, pilot Leer?” The blue colored outline of the sexy female image on the black background says via the palmer screen.
Leer exhales with a huff of annoyance. He stated, “No, computer! Shut it!”
“Another smaller fireball has been detected on the right side of your birdie which is ten trillion space miles.” The female image says via the palmer screen.
“Where did you fly off from for the season’s Outlaw Dinner and Dance, honey?” His mom said via the speaker box.
Leer frowned, “The Great Red Spot…”
“I heard a second warning. You are too close to the nightly comet activity on Jupiter.” His dad said via the speaker box. “We need to perform a high orbit, son.”
The Birdie moves upward into outer space. One of the indicator lights powers up in the color of green. He reaches over and taps on the panel presenting a sour frown. He stated, “I can’t believe this. I’m seeing a spike in radiation on my console screen. O no! It’s coming from Neptune. Is there something going on inside the Pond, Mom?”
His mom laughed via palmer speaker box. “We are all fine and dandy down in here inside the Pond of Neptune, honey. You are not seeing a set of radiation spikes from Neptune, coming all the way to Jupiter. Even though, there is a great source of both continuous emission and irregular bursts that originates from the rotating magnetic field of Neptune which some of the best star ships can see on a palmer screen. Why don’t you double check the tall red colored spikes again on your screen?”
Leer scans the console, pressing a button, presenting a confused brow. He said, “Right toe! I’m getting a thermal radiation reading on my sensor screen, now.”
“Thermal radiation is produced by a set of exterior 64,000 Fahrenheit degreed heated waves from the atmosphere of Jupiter.” She said.
Leer stated, “Yeah.”
“You sound puzzled, honey.” She said.
Leer presses a button, clearing the screen, viewing a new signal and presents a worried brow. He said, “Now, I’m getting deci-metric radio emission horizontal wavelengths on my palmer screen.”
“Are you flying alone, son?” His dad asked.
Leer said, “Yeah.”
She said. “Don’t worry about it, honey! Deci-metric radio emission horizontal wavelengths origin from the fat belly of Jupiter’s equator, this is very usual for a pilot to see and experience during space flight.”
His dad said. “That fake signal is caused by radiation from tons of electrons that are accelerated inside the magnetic field of Jupiter.”
“Okay.” Leer smiled.
“You sound worried, son.” His dad said.
Leer reaches over and taps the palmer screen, presenting a confused brow. He stated, “Now, I’m getting deci-metric radio bursts. The wavelengths are tens of feet long, coming across my palmer screen.”
“Did you the pretty magnetosphere on top of Jupiter?” She said.
“Yeah,” Leer frowned. “You can’t miss it, Mom.”
“It is colored in light blues, pure whites, and orange colors. At night, it glows and shines like a colored megastar behind the black sky of outer space. You father and I took a space trip up to the magnetosphere inside one of the glass-covered space carriages. The ride actually flew up around and around each magnetic flux tube that connects to the Jovian moons of Io, Ganymede, and Europa. I reached up and touched the glass with my space glove feeling the hot temperatures on the northern polar axis, where it is 152 degrees Fahrenheit.”
“Thanks for the info, Mom.” Leer said. He steers through the space and wears a stern face.
His dad asked. “Are you passing Io, the moon of Jupiter?”
Leer turns for a quick glance to see the moon then returns back to the front windshield for safety. He said, “Yeah, I see yellow and orange colors plus blue and white…”
“A set of decametric radio bursts are influenced by the interaction of the Jovian moon Io with its magnetic field.” His mom said.
“Okay.” Leer frowned.
“The radiation fields near Jupiter are much, much stronger than any other planet within the galaxy for any type flying star craft, including a warship.” His dad laughed via the palmer box,
Leer steers the ship and wears a confused brow. He stated, “Warship, who still owns an old Earth style warship inside the galaxy, Dad?”
His dad said via the palmer box. “I got Moon Io on my long-range palmer screen here at home. I see a torus of purple colored ionized atoms along the normal orbital pathway. And some of the spurting orange colored volcanoes that are located on top of the surface are erupting. Do you observe flashes of blue lightning bolts on the night side of moon Io, too?”
Leer steers the ship turning for a brief second to observe the moon and the weather activity. He stated, “Yes.” He looks back at black outer space and bright stars.
His dad said. “I’m getting major plasma output of methane, ammonia, and molecular hydrogen rain drops from the erupting volcanoes on Io, that’s a set of massive heated plumes of radiation, son. So, go and change your trajectory around the Jovian system and head more sideways deeper into outer space. Go about another five hundred million space miles.”
Leer laughed, “Changing into an empty space lane, Dad. Right toe! I think I see the azure blue planet of Neptune up ahead, after steering into this trajectory…”
His mom gasped via the palmer speaker box, “That…that is impossible, honey. You just skipped out of the Jupiter orbit. You and your Birdie are 2.34 billion miles from us here on Neptune. At flame burn speed of 659,500,000 miles per hour, it will take you three hours and fifty-four seconds based on standard Earth time.”
Leer smiled. “It might be impossible. But I’m seeing a light blue round object directly ahead of me that looks just like my home world of Neptune. I must be breaking an old flame burn record of space flight for home,” he laughs.
His dad said via the palmer speaker box. “Neptune is never visible to the naked eye of the pilot of a star ship due to the shining moons of Jupiter, the dwarf planet of Ceres, and the asteroids of Vesta, Pallas, Iris, June and Hebe. You are seeing something else, son. Describe it?”
His mom said via the palmer speaker box. “Back in the ancient times of flying Earth satellites that were launched from the planet and into outer space for recording pictures of each planet, a single communication signal from Uranus took 246 minutes or four hours and ten minutes. Let’s see. If the space mile distance from Planet Earth to Neptune is 02.707 billion miles divided by 246 minutes of Earth time, then the signal traveled at eleven million miles per hour. If we convert the 246 minutes into seconds, it is 14,760 seconds. Let’s see. If the space mile distance from Planet Earth to Planet Neptune is 02.707 billion space miles divided by 14,760 seconds, then the communication signal traveled at miles per 183,401 miles per second. Well, that is interesting. Since, no mass-less object can travel greater than the speed of light which is 186,282 miles per seconds. Even a warship can’t travel at best at the speed…”
He exhales with a huff of annoyance. Leer asked, “What’s up with the warship analogy, Mom? The palmer screen shows me that the composition of the azure colored round object in front of me consists of frozen gases and ice mixed with dust. The frozen gases include ammonia, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and methane. The gases and water form eighty percent of the object. Twenty percent is fine grains and larger chunks of metals and rocky material.”
His dad gasped via the palmer box. “That’s a…”
“Warning: you are approaching the light blue colored hazy cloud of Halley’s Comet which is ahead of your Birdie at 600 million space miles and above your Birdie at 800 million space miles.” The female image states with a smile and a nod on the palmer screen.
His dad laughed via the palmer speaker box inside the birdie. “Halley’s Comet passed by Planet Earth about some time ago. Let’s calculate that time factor…”
“No, really, you do not have to do that for me, Dad.” Leer stated with a frown. He presses the button slowing down from maximum speed of 659,500,000 miles-per-hour to 60,000,000 miles-per-hour, slowly falling way behind the fiery head of comet with a sour frown.
His dad chuckled. “Sorry-ass Planet Earth is 092.96 million space miles from the Solar Sun. The total space miles going around the sun is 2,733,185. Do you hear, son! Your dad still has all his old memory banks in place. Now, from the Solar Sun to the orbit of Jupiter is 460 million miles. Now, those three numbers add up to 555,693,185 space miles from Planet Earth to Planet Jupiter. Now, the total space miles of 555,693,185 would be divided by the speed of Halley’s Comet at 153,838. Then, you will get 3,612 miles per hour. Then, the 3,612 miles per hour is divided by the standard Earth hours of sixty minutes. That would be 60 hours. Then the sixty hours is divided by the standard Earth days of 24. Then Halley’s Comet will be here in two days and five hours. How’s that for some fast math calcs, son?”
Leer smiled. “You’re awesome, Dad.”
His mom said via the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie. “As a comet approaches the sun, the heat causes the outer layers of the icy nucleus cloud to evaporate and release tons of dirty space dust and colorful heated gases. Then the pressure of the yellow sunlight pushes all the loose dust particles and the gas molecules away from the white looking nucleus cloud, forming one or more running tails. The pressure of the sunlight makes the running tail point away from the sun. When the comet approaches the sun, the tail brings up the rear end. After the comet goes around the sun, the tail end leads the nucleus cloud. You are extremely lucky to see the tail end of Halley’s Comet.”
His dad said. “The comet travels at 157,838 miles per hour. It is 2.340 billion miles from Neptune, now. So, it runs at 15210.81 billion miles per hour. When you divide the 15,210.81 billion miles per hour by standard Earth sixty minutes, it is 254 hours, the comet will show here which is a lot slowing than the Birdie, son.”
Leer exhaled. “How do I get around the head and the tail of the fiery comet to come home to Neptune, Dad? It is one million space miles across and 100 million miles long.”
“You must swing sideways and away from the nucleus cloud leading ahead of the 100 million miles tail, son. I would come back closer to the planet trajectory at 500 million space miles to the east and fly at one trillion space miles above the flying comet. Then you’ll miss all the tiny spitting hard rocks, coming outta of the space dust.”
Leer slides the gliding stick to the side, moving sideways through outer space. He stated, “Right toe! I’m moving the Birdie to the east and then to the north. Now, I’m in flight for home. Thanks, Dad.” He slides the stick forward increasing the flame burn to the maximum speed again for home.
His mom said via the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie. “How was the Outlaw Dinner, dear?”
Leer exhaled, “Very nice, Mom.”
She asked. “Who was your date for the dinner and dance?”
“I didn’t bring anyone. I didn’t dance but I did eat.”
She asked. “Did you escort your partner, as usual?”
“Yeah.”
She said. “Good for you. We wanna meet your Outlaw partner, one day. We know that you’re busy with things, honey.”
“Yeah.”
She said. “We’re losing you on long-range palmer radar screen, dear. Have a good trip home, honey.”
“I will. Thanks, Mom and Dad. Love you, too.” Leer stated. He punches off the communication button and then exhales with a huff of frustration. He whispered. “I should’ve stayed with her. I should’ve left with her. What’s your probe? I don’t know. She’s a beautiful girl. I know. She’s available and nice and there. She is my partner. I know that too. And I see home. I can ask her about scaring the stupid silly earthlings, tomorrow.”


Outer space location
(1.01 billion space miles from Planet Uranus to Planet Neptune)


The female image presents a smile and a nod to the chest on pilot Leer. “Warning: you are approaching the orbit of Planet Uranus. Uranus orbits around the Solar Sun, once every 84 years based on Earth standard. It is 1.7 billion miles from the Solar Sun. Uranus rotates around a day and a night at seventeen hours and fourteen minutes based on Earth time. One pole faces the Solar Sun continuously and the other faces away. Each pole receives 42 years of continuous sunlight, followed by 42 years of darkness. Both the equators of Uranus are hotter than the poles.”
Leer steers with a smile and views the planet using his two naked, human eyeballs. The planet is a pale cyan blue disc color from a distance. But up close, it is blue with a set of horizontal bands of bright yellow. A mint green band fills the southern hood pole. There are pockets of yellow colors on the northern pole also. A set of thin white cloud patterns cover the planet and the thirteen upright rings surround Uranus. Each six blue or red ring stands vertical as opposed to horizontal, like Saturn. A vertical line-up of four of the 37 moons surround Uranus.
The female image states. “Warning: you are approaching the first windmill satellite. There is a series of galactic winds speed in a cross drift, coming from the northern depths of outer space, flowing toward a southern direction into Planet Uranus at 560 miles per hour. To avoid the 560 miles per hour galactic winds, please fly directly straight through the passageway without veering into the depths of outer space or into one of the Tower Tubes. Please do not ram into the Tower Tube. Thank you for flying safely through the orbit of Uranus. This space announcement is sponsor by the families of Uranus.”
He stated, “Thanks, computer.” Leer steers with a flat expression flying between the outer space molecules of the first set of windmills.
During ancient times on Planet Earth, a windmill was a machine converting the energy of the winds into rotational energy by means of a set of vertical blades. Centuries ago, a wooden or a steel encased vertical windmill was used to pump water or generate electricity by a set of spinning and rotating vertical blades too.
The ancient wind engine was used to lift water from the ground of underground stream. It was also used for purposes of sawing wood logs, chopping up hay stalks, and grinding corn grain on numerous farm properties on Planet Earth. The same concept was designed and built into an outer space windmill satellite.
The outer space windmill satellite is a stationary object within outer space connected by a gravitational pull of the planet but does not shift from a galactic storm of asteroids or a careless space captain of a large star ship. It features a vertical, thick-looking, long Tube Tower of bright white, so a starship will miss the free-floating object in outer space and then the crew will live and not die. Protruding and spinning out from the vertical Tube Tower is a set of massive number of thick and slender white colored blades, thus creating a windmill machine. The blades are self-regulating from the 1,300 miles-per-hour supersonic outer space winds, blowing across the galaxy. A gear box houses the blades and the crankshaft mechanic that rotates the massive blades around and around.
The long vertical tube tower hangs magically within black outer space by means of solar sun power that is collected into solar generators every second. The solar sun spews out heat and flames from its center core at 28,259,540 degrees Fahrenheit, flaming throughout the Solar System.
Planet Uranus only receives one-four hundredth of the light from the distance solar sun, thus each stationary outer space windmill satellite around the planet receives 70,649 Fahrenheit degrees for solar power storage.
The slender and tall white colored Tube Tower attached to a crank shift and a series of the slender metal-like paddles is really a tiny city of viewing windows of light similar to an ancient space station with an array of windmill personnel. The personnel roster includes engineers, programmers, administrators, chefs, teachers, and clean-up machines along with their human family units too. All the family units had come from Planet Earth, ironically.
A series of supersonic winds exceeds an air force speed is was faster than the speed of sound traveling through the universe.
Both the planets of Uranus and Neptune are dominated by five major jet streams of supersonic winds as the visible winds race around and around each world and then are tossed out and into the outer reaches of black and cold outer space, influencing the other natural celestial objects around the galactic playground.
When the first flame-burn ancient Earth outer space starship encountered the first set of supersonic of winds at 560 miles-per-hour while passing between the northern polar axis and the equator of the gas planet of Uranus, the ship was captured inside the terrible wind storm and blown out beyond the far reaches of the bright stars. It was never seen again. Then, all the ancient star ships halted and hovered in outer space as the smart scientists quickly concluded that the jet stream blew and pushed out a set of frozen clouds of natural gas around and outward from the edges of each planet and into outer space in a set tight bands, without depth. It was the galactic trapping mechanism for the runaway comets.
Present time and space, Outlaw Leer steers his Birdie in the middle outer space molecules between each pair of windmills, without feeling a side to side motion inside the chair or on the gliding stick. The windmills are paired in twos, starting at the outer edge of Planet Uranus and has been implanted through a well-travel flight path through Planet Neptune, ending, before the orbit of Planet Pluto for safety flights of all active outer space starships.
The female image smiles with a nod on the palmer screen. “Warning: you are leaving the orbit of Uranus.”
Leer exhaled. “I know…”
A bright red flame beam sizzles with a plume of reddish-pink sparks across the blackness of space in front of his Birdie. Leer jerks the gliding stick to the side and raises his cupped fist in the air. He stated with a sour frown and a grunt. “Come on, guys! It’s the first of the season to start a perfect Outlaw record. If one of you flame-burn into my target eye, I might hit and kill you. Then I’ll screw up my chance of getting a Fire Star award, next season, too.” A second tiny greenish beam flashes across the nose of the one-seater starship.
Leer reaches out and punches the button connecting to the forward windmill. He shouted, “Freeboot…”
“Surrender to me or kill you on the spot!” A tone of pale-tinted, round face with a set of fat rosy cheekbones and a head of three upright single rows of green and blue spiked hair replaces the computer girl on the palmer screen. The male voice of Freeboot said via the speaker box inside the Birdie.
Leer slips the Birdie to other side. He frowned, “Freeboot, I got some annoying space teens on my ass.”
“Warning: you are leaning into the ring system of Uranus.” The female image states with a frown via the palmer screen. Then the female image vanishes.
“I see them.” Freeboot stated. The face of Freeboot disappears and is replaced with the rear view of four Birdies chasing after Leer. Each Birdie blasts in a set of various solid flame colors in mint green or royal purple or bright orange or neon yellow paired with rich black colors, since some of the outer hollow pipes are busted and broken on the exterior metal of the ship. These specific flying fleet of new Birdies belong to a group of annoying space pirates within the air space of Neptune.
“Then don’t see them.”
Freeboot exhales with a huff of annoyance. He stated over the speaker box. “All right! Working my electronic magic here. Sending a couple of tele bots for a good tail chase back home to their mommies.”
“Who are they?”
Freeboot laughed over the speaker box. “New style Birdies. Based on the combination of fugly ugly markings of puke vomit green, royal kingly purple, brightly neon orange, and nasty yellow flames plus all the rich black scary childish circles on a hot metal body, the starships belong to one of the Jupiter playgrounds. But I would guess that these teen space pirates stole them first. Are you coming back home from the Great Red Spot feast and fun?”
“Yeah.”
“How was the food?”
“Good.”
“How was the dancing?”
“Good.”
“How was…?”
Leer veers to the left of the incoming purple-colored, streaking, short-lived, flame-burn beam missing his Birdie. He sneered. “Your silly ugly Birdies just did a fourth burn-flame across my nose cone, missing my precious Birdie hide again. Are they primed for an F-bomb, too?”
“Warning: you have passed by the ring system of Uranus,” The female image appears replacing the face of Freeboot and states with a smile and a nod via the palmer screen.
Freeboot laughed via the speaker box, “Naw! That would be categorized as a vicious vile attack from the small world of Neptune which would start an intergalactic war with the largest planet in the galaxy. No one messes with big bro Jupiter!”
He laughed. “Saturn is the largest butthole in the universe. I have released my tiny drone army without any weapons of flame.”
“Jupiter is the richest asshole throughout the solar system.”
“Mars shakes your guts.”
Freeboot laughed over the speaker box. “Uranus is the weirdest planet in the galaxy.”
He laughed. “And no one loves dirt poor Earth.”
“Are your space teen-farts gone from your ass, Leer?”
He smiled, “Going backward, as I see on the palmer screen. Thanks, Freeboot.”
“Come and visit me, sometimes.” Freeboot laughed over the speaker box of the Birdie.
“Shore, one day,” Leer steered through the rest of the windmills.
The female image smiles with a nod on the palmer screen inside the Birdie. “Warning: you are leaving the planet of Uranus.”
Leer steers his Birdie back into the middle of the outer space molecules, heading to the next planet within the Solar System.
The female image smiles with a nod on the palmer screen inside the Birdie. “Warning: you are approaching the planet of Neptune. It is colored in vivid azure blue which comes from the absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane. The earliest discovery of the planet was made in the year 1612 by a telescope of earthling Galileo. The planet name Neptune comes from the Roman mythology, god of the sea. The mantle consists of water, ammonia and methane ice. The space distance between Neptune and the Sun is 2.8 billion space miles. Neptune orbits around the Sun every 165 days based on the standard Earth days.”
Leer jerks the stick to the left, avoiding the windmill satellite.
“Surrender to me.” The palmer speaker box said via inside the birdie.
Leer yelled with a sour frown. “Freeboot, stop with the app pics over my monitor. Or I’ll stomp your naked toes into bleeding.”
He laughed. “Freeboot wears shoes.”
“On your earlobes, and I saw the visual and audio stream on my palmer.” Leer laughed.
“You are approaching the first windmill satellite near Neptune. Can you feel the sea sick motion of the winds?”
“Naw…”
“The supersonic winds blow from the northern to southern latitude of the outer space. Are you vomiting into your lap?”
“Naw…”
“The winds of Uranus and Neptune blow in a series of tight bands, without depth. Are you swaying side to side, Leer?”
“Naw…”
Freeboot said via palmer speaker box. “The jet stream of Neptune currently displays, on any palmer equipment, a set of three jet streams. One blows in a westward flow near the equator of 30,600 miles wide at 1,300 miles-per-hour winds. And an eastwardly flows at the northern and southern hemisphere at the rate of 560 miles-per-hour of wind force.”
Leer chuckles at his silly friend inside the Tower Tube. He stated, “Currently! It is always!”
“The wind force blows in thick layers near the equator of 30,600 miles in diameter and around the northern and southern hemisphere. Between the layers it is thinly outer space molecules.
“Yeah…”
Freeboot said via the palmer speaker box. “Planet Uranus was 31,500 miles wide at the equator with a recorded wind speed of negative 120 miles-per-hour. The supersonic winds travel at 1,300 miles-per-hour. There are three horizontal jet streams come from Neptune.”
“Yeah…”
The female image smiles with a nod on the palmer screen of the birdie. “Warning: you are approaching the planet of Neptune which is colored in vivid azure blue that comes from the absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane. The earliest discovery of the planet was made…”
“Shut it, ship!” Leer shouted. He smiles and stares at his home world. The planet of Neptune up close and personally is really multi-colored. The middle of the sphere presents a tone of light green. Light blue colored dominates the southern polar axis. And soft pink tint occupies each lobe that lie along the outer sides of the northern polar axis.
“Warning: you are approaching the ring system of Adams Ring.” The female image states with a smile and a nod on the palmer screen. “The description of each ring is one broad and three narrow rings that are very dark tint.”
“I see, ship.” Leer stated. He steers the ship underneath the ring.
“Warning: you are approaching the ring system of Le Verrier Ring.”
“And I’m flying passed the rings of Neptune.” Leer laughed. His Birdie flamed burns in silence toward his home world.
The planet of Neptune is colored in vivid azure blue coming from the absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane. The earliest discovery of the planet was made in the year 1612 by a man-made telescope from earthling scientist Galileo. The planet name Neptune came from the Roman mythology, God of the Sea. The space distance between Neptune and the Solar Sun is 2.8 billion space miles. Neptune orbits around the solar sun every 165 days based on the standard Earth days. It is the eighth planet from the solar sun and the fourth largest by equator diameter. It is a dark and cold world whipped by supersonic winds of 1,300 miles per hour. The surface landmass of planet Neptune is made of hydrogen and helium, relatively an ice planet. The outer atmosphere of the planet records at negative 424 degrees Fahrenheit. The stratosphere of Neptune is warmer due to the elevated concentration of hydrocarbons. The mantle core consists of iconic water where the water molecules break down into both hydrogen and oxygen ions. The wind force is 400 miles per hour at the equator and 250 miles per hour at each polar axis.
The only feature within the cold and light pale planet, the Great Dark spot, it raises up from the depths of the blue water and upwards into the troposphere at a low altitude rather than a natural cloud formation, creating a vortex structure.


Neptune Vortex within the Great Dark Spot
19:19 hours late night (20 full rotation hours)


A male voice in a baritone timber said over the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie. “This is Controller. Is this Leer?”
“Yeah,” Leer addressed. He steers his Birdie and presents a sour frown hearing the jackass controller, who lives every single day and night inside a hollow tube of metal over the Great Dark Spot.
Controller laughed via the palmer speaker box into the Birdie. “I thought so. Your sissy looking birdie gives you away all the time, outlaw.”
Leer snarled, “Sissy?”
He clears his throat for fun. Controller stated, “You are not approaching between the two large and white mechanic windmills. Please adjust your flight course accordingly. Or you will end up shredded by one of the paddles for your misery and my entertainment.” His chuckles invade the voice box. 
“Yeah,” Leer answered. He veers the gliding stick to the side as his Birdie performs a flame-burn in the middle of the pathway between the twin windmills.
“Do you want a countdown before flame out, Leer?”
“Naw,” Leer growled.
“I wanted to ask.” The voice of the controller laughed.
“I wanted to say that he’ll miss the first time.” A female voice in soprano timber said via the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie belonging to Pilot Leer. The sound of loud laughter echoes in the background station of the controller observation deck of the Tower Tube.
“I bet hundred of my personal credits that Leer gets captured by the wind vortex the first time.” A male voice in tenor timber said over the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie. Additional loud laughter echoes in the background station of the controller observation deck of the Tower Tube.
“I want in on that bet too.” A female voice in alto timber laughed via the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie. More loud laughter echoes in the background station of the controller observation deck of the Tower Tube.
The Controller said via the speaker box. “Leer, since you don’t wanna receive any more additional outer space flying instructions from me, the Controller, you need to reduce down from sailing at 569,500,000 miles-per-hour to flying at 15,000 miles-per-hour or less. Else you can miss us, literally,” he laughs with his five co-workers inside the Tower Tube.
“Right toe!” Leer answered. He steers his ship and presents a stern face releasing the gliding stick as the Birdie swiftly reduces speed. The bright stars become solid twinkles of light, instead of blurry figures.
The Neptune Vortex is approaching fast above a last pair of metal windmills. The two windmills rotate with a set of paddle-looking blades shifting and then pushes the 1,300 miles-per-hour supersonic galactic windstorms away from Planet Neptune.
The Birdie sounds with a soft whistle, approaching the invisible swirls of the Neptune Vortex.
The vortex is a naturally occurring object directly over the top air currents of the Great Dark Spot on Neptune. The vortex is comprised of twirling invisible air waves, coming up and down, within the Great Dark Spot.
The starship must cut the flame-burn engine flying silently across the invisible waves of the powerful Neptune Vortex. The vortex is the only entrance and exit point heading down into the Great Dark Spot of Neptune, where the natives call, the Pond. An invisible cupped hand of the invisible wave of the Neptune Vortex grabs the star ship, diving down into the Great Dark Spot, placing the object on top of a pond of calm blue colored water. Then the starship floats across the calm smooth non-waves back to an assigned homestead.
That is very easy for any outer space starship pilot.
Leer leans back into the comfortable pilot chair with his finger near the button to extinguish the flame-burn fire inside the stoker box behind his pilot’s seat. He closes his two eyelids. He is familiar with the spacecraft as the Birdie sails toward the invisible Neptune Vortex. The ship must fly forward and into the windy vortex, so the swirling winds can capture the ship for a landing inside the Great Dark Spot.
The female image states with a stern face via the palmer speaker box. “Warning, you are approaching the Neptune Vortex at 15,000 miles per hour. You are approaching within 100 million miles, 900 million miles, 800 million miles…”
“Shut it, ship!” Leer shouted. He holds his finger pad near the flame-burn button. He knows the location of the Great Dark Spot and the invisible swirling winds of the Neptune Vortex, since he is a native of Neptune for 27 years, eight months, and eighteen days. He slides the gliding stick back, reducing the speed of his Birdie down from 15,000 miles-per-hour to 1,000 miles-per-hour.
The Neptune Vortex only captures a non-sailing star ship, not a flame-burn starship using its swift flame-burn speed as it is only a natural non-thinking phenomenon on Neptune. So, the pilot has to douse the flame of the ship as the other pilots do.
The multi-colored, metal-plated Birdie flies in the middle of black-colored outer space waves between a row of twin white colored windmills attached to the slender and long matching Tower Tube.
Leer exhales with a huff of anticipation, opening his two eyelids, seeing the last set of paddle-rotating windmills. The vortex is coming up fast and silent. The computer can verbally count off the numbered measurement of space miles, but it does not matter to the pilot. The computer cannot detect the first invisible swirling wind current fast enough before signaling a vocal command to Leer to douse the flame on the Birdie.
Each pilot has to feel the first jolt of an invisible hand from the vortex within outer space, slapping on the metal of the starship. Then the pilot has to cut off the flame-burn engines, so the vortex cupped hand captures the Birdie. If the pilot cuts off the flame-burn engines to soon, then the starship halts immediately in place and then slightly drifts around the outer space molecules, slowly falling further down into the depths of black outer space and away from Planet Neptune.
Leer jerks back the gliding stick reducing the speed of the Birdie down from 1,000 miles-per-hour to 500 miles-per-hour while maintaining a straight and steady pathway toward the Neptune Vortex. The Great Dark Spot is a slightly darker blue than the azure glowing blue on the entire planet, because it is actually a hole, within the methane clouds, where a village of people has lived and thrived, since the year 2051 A.D.
Within outer space, the slightly dark elliptical spot does not possess a pair of space gates or a set of space sentries, only surrounded by a set of white colored clouds with a dark colored hole.
Leer jerks back the gliding stick, reducing the speed of the Birdie from 500 miles-per-hour to 100 miles-per-hour, closing his two eyelids, holding his finger pad over the flame-burn button. He exhales with a huff of anticipation waiting to feel the jolt of the first invisible wave of the vortex on the metal of the ship. The Birdie continues to sail through outer space, glittering in colors of pale blue, white, yellow, brown, and black inside a set of wiggling lines of clear pipes, where the flame burns throughout the ship’s body. Then the Birdie jolts to the side.
Leer smashes the flame-burn button dousing the fire inside the stoker engine, opening his two eyelids. He sees cold, dark black outer space and bright twinkling stars. The Birdie halts in outer space, in place, slowly drifting side to side in silence.
A curly set of rolling red, green, yellow colored flame fires burn directly over the Neptune Vortex as the 560 miles-per-hour outer space winds carry the twirling curls away from the Great Dark Spot, flying further to the southern region of space into the Kuiper Belt system of ice asteroids, fossilized comets, and unknown dwarf planets. The fire will burn itself out as it hit the icy planets.
“He missed. Told ya’ll!” The female voice in soprano timber laughed via the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie belonging to Leer. The sound of loud laughter echoes in the background station of the controller observation deck of the Tower Tube.
“I won! Hand over to me one hundred of your personal bits. Leer performed an F-bomb, as usual.” A female voice in alto timber laughed via the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie. More loud laughter echoes in the background of the controller Tower Tube.
“Leer!” Freeboot shouted. Then a chorus of additional laughter echoes in the background station of the controller observation deck of the Tower Tube.
The female image shakes her red colored curls and her finger at Leer, wearing a sour frown on the palmer screen. “Alert warning, you have missed the Neptune Vortex by 13,890 space miles. Did you intend to miss the…?”
“Shut it, ship!” Leer shouted. His Birdie continues to drift in cold and black outer space. He smashes the flame-burn button stoking the engine. His ship starts to sail through outer space waves moving away from the Great Dark Spot at 200 miles-per-hour, getting back onto the pathway of the invisible waves of the vortex. Leer slowed turned around within outer space, sailing the Birdie at the Neptune Vortex for a second time.
“New prediction! Leer will miss for a second time and perform a second F-bomb, folks.” A female voice in soprano timber said over the palmer speaker box into the Birdie. An array of loud laughter echoes in the background of the controller observation station on the Tower Tube.
“New bet for everyone! I’ll place two hundred of my personal bits that Leer gets captured by the wind vortex the second time around.” A male voice in tenor timber said over the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie of Leer. Additional loud laughter echoes in the background of the controller observation station on the Tower Tube.
“I want in on that bet, this time.” A male voice in baritone timber laughed via the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie. More ugly laughter echoes in the background of the controller observation deck on the Tower Tube.
Leer jerks back the gliding stick between the kneecaps, reducing the speed of the Birdie down from 200 miles-per-hour to 50-miles-per-hour while maintaining a straight and steady pathway toward the Neptune Vortex over the top of the dark blue colored Great Dark Spot. He closed his two eyelids and holds his finger pad over the flame-burn button, exhaling with a huff of anticipation and waits to feel the jolt of the first invisible wave of the vortex on the metal of the ship. The Birdie sails through outer space glittering in colors of pale blue, white, yellow, brown, and black inside a set of wiggling lines of clear pipes, where the flame burns throughout the ship. Then the Birdie jolts to the side.
Leer smashes the flame-burn button, dousing the fire inside the stoker engine, opening his two eyelids. He, again, sees cold, dark black tinted outer space and bright twinkling stars. The Birdie halts in outer space, in place, again, slowly drifting side to side in silence.
Another curly set of rolling red, green, yellow colored flame fires burns directly over the Neptune Vortex as the 560 miles-per-hour outer space winds carries the twirling curls away from the Great Dark Spot, flying further to the southern region of space into the Kuiper Belt. The fireball will burn itself out as it hit the icy planetoids.
“Leer!” Freeboot screamed. An array of loud, ugly laughter echoes within the background station of the controller observation deck of the Tower Tube.
The female image shakes her red colored curls and her finger at Leer, again, wearing a sour frown on the palmer screen inside the Birdie of Leer. “Alert warning, you have missed the Neptune Vortex by 1,860 space miles. Did you intend to miss the…?”
“Shut it, ship!” Leer shouted. He sneers and smashes the flame-burn button.
“F-bomb, buddy! Do it, to it, again, Leer!” A female voice in soprano timber laughed via the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie. Additional loud laughter echoes within the background station of the controller observation deck of the Tower Tube, where the staff monitors all starships in and out of the Great Dark Spot.
“I win again! Hand over three hundred of your personal bits, Freeboot. Leer performed an F-bomb, as usual, for a second time.” A female voice in alto timber laughed via the palmer speaker box inside the Birdie of Leer. The ugly sound of loud laughter echoes in the background of the controller observation deck of the Tower Tube.
Leer slams the gliding stick forward, presenting a sour frown and a low growl, increasing the speed of the Birdie to 200 miles-per-hour. He flies towards the invisible outer space molecules of the vortex over the top of the dark blue Great Dark Spot. He does not close his two eyelids and jerks the gliding stick backward to five miles-per-hour and smashes the flame-burn button, dousing the fire inside the stoker engine. Then the jolt of the first invisible wave of the vortex hits the metal of the ship as the Birdie twirls around and around, falling down from outer space, glittering in solid black colors. The flame burn engines are both cold and silence.
Leer screams in fear from the sudden impact of violent air waves against his interior guts, reaching out, grabbing the chewed gum from the side of the viewing window and places the used gum inside his open mouth. He chews with vigor.
The Birdie swirls around then twirls around diving down through the bright light of the Great Dark Spot with Leer.
The next day….

Great Dark Spot
Southern hemisphere of Planet Neptune 
05:03 hours/minutes (early morning within 20 rotational hours)
Steamy and humid weather pattern

The planet of Neptune rotates on its axis every sixteen hours which means nothing to the natives of the Great Dark Spot, since all the natives lives inside the Pond. Inside the Pond, there is not any type of solar sunlight coming down from a set of white clouds or a blue sky like on Planet Earth. The bright light represents a set of uplifting whitish steam coming from a warm pond of sea water that creates a clear blue tinted sky and a set of sissy steam clouds. The clouds develop and then vanish without .01 seconds, based on standard Earth time.
There is the only season inside the Great Dark Spot which is both steamy and humid and similar to a summer day on Earth. All the dead and not-buried but spaced natives had come from Planet Earth. So, the current alive and breathing natives always compare their life forms to their distance cousin earthlings, all the damn time.
The natives of Pond have adopted, for no reason, a 20-hour day and night rotation pattern on Planet Neptune for both work time and play time, instead of a 24-hour day and night like Planet Earth.
The 5th hour marks a fake sunrise, always. The 10th hour indicates a lunch meal, always. The 15th hour displays a fake sunset, always. After the 15th hour, the rest of the time, until the 20th hour presents the nighttime or entertainment visitations with friends and the family members for the rest of the fake evening, which is always a bright steamy and humid skyline of white light.
Every morning, without rain or sunshine, Leer starts the day at the fifth hour of the 20 hours rotation period strolling out from a single room that acted as a living room, a dining room, and a bedroom, moving onto the outdoor metal covered pier and then stops breathing in a gulp of fresh air into a set of two healthy lungs, closing the eyelids from the bright light.
The bright light pattern is not a form of natural sunlight coming from the Solar Sun within the Solar System. The light pattern is a reflection format coming from the massive amount of liquid surface water covering the Great Dark Spot on the Planet Neptune.
The Great Dark Spot is the single beautiful feature of the entire planet with a huge spinning hurricane-like storm on the southern atmosphere of Neptune that was the diameter size of planet Earth. The rotating wind shears within the hurricane-like stationary storm in the Great Dark Spot measure wind speeds up to 1,300 miles-per-hour, the strongest winds to ever been recorded on any planet, within the Solar System.

At 05:03 early morning, inside the private pole house, within his private bed mattress, he opens his two eyelids and presents a smile while feeling much better, after the disappointing event of not winning the Fire Star trophy, last night. However, today is the first day of the new season. He leaves the interior rooms dashing outside of the Pond air molecules on top of wooden pier. He exercises his pair of healthy lungs with sixteen running laps and then heads to the pier shed on the seventeenth lap and then stops breathing hardy. He moves ahead to a runner vehicle, a slender piece of metal board with a single paddle, appearing as a long, flat, boat-type transport. The runner is used as a transport steering to his parents’ house, his favorite diner, and his work office at the Outlaw Division building. A runner is used every hour of the day or the night, depending upon Leer’s business or social event.
Leer reaches down, lifts up, and tosses the light weight runner over his shoulder advancing to the non-covered pier railing and then halts. His upper torso leans over the railing sounding with a loud grunt as the runner drops from his collar bone falling down into the pretty light blue water for the morning’s drive to his work office.
The runner dives down by its pointy end first into the water and then resurfaces bouncing up and down, and then side to side for its fun for the day, and then finally rests in a horizontal pose over the calm sea, waiting for the “Master of the Sea.”
Leer climbs on top of the flat pier railing, bends his kneecaps, and leaps up in the air, like a straight pin, swiftly turning his body downward, facing down in the water using his entwined fingers. His chin is tucked into his chest posed on a vertically straight body diving down by his pointy fingertips first as his entire body submerges underneath the water vanishing from the air currents. A few seconds later, Leer resurfaces with a grin spitting out a set of water bubbles in the air and turns swimming towards the runner and then climbs on the top of the metal flat-type boat. He stands and balances side to side with a slight wobble, before finding the center of his body over the center of the runner, the secret key to riding one, without drowning, inside the Pond.
He slowly squats and balances slowly jerking the paddle from the center hold, slowly standing upright and balancing again. He gently dips the paddle down into the smooth sea. He smiles and softly sings a song of happiness with a new day. He turns the runner and strokes the paddle towards his work office working out his hard muscles while drying his wet clothes and his wet body with the gently flowing humid steam of the sea.
Leer is not alone over the calm pond sea with his runner either. He slightly paddles on the edge with a group of other numerous boat-like runners and associated happy paddlers steering to the work job for the new morning also.


Outlaw Division of Neptune
Quartet CC
06:06 hours/minutes


Leer paddles the runner over the steamy calm sea, working out his set of biceps and triceps, skidding around the huge column of solid metal and parks underneath the underbelly of the one story pole house. He reaches out and grabs one of the hand hooks on the poles of the building. One naked foot dips down into the warm water and splashes side to side steering the runner over the calm water until the front tip of the runner latches and then secures into one of the hold compartments located on the lower part of the tall pole.
The tall thick pole runs down and hits the floor of the sea as the base of building and then it runs upwards through the building supporting a single floor level of Outlaws and the associated Outlaw problems.
He leaps with a heavy grunt off the runner and lands down on top of the smooth walking ramp, presenting a bright smile and a new hum of happiness, moving up the smooth concrete towards the upper pier on the building.
Leer turns and enters through a double archway of missing doors performing a slow gait. The Neptune morning day is clear. The Neptune water is clear. And the work moment is clear.
The overhead speaker inside the Outlaw office sounds with a soft whistle for Outlaw attention. “Attention. Attention. There is a weapon violation in Quarter RR and intersection points 3718, 0194.”
Leer sneers with annoyance moving deeper into the work office space. He whispered for his eardrums only. “It’s almost the sixth hour of the new day. Can’t criminals sleep in a little later until my coco rush?”
The external formation of the Great Dark Spot is a continuous super hurricane with a non-movable swirling and twirling wind formation measuring at a top speed of 1,300 miles-per-hour without change. Inside the center of the hurricane eye, the space is a spot of cloudless, bright light, heated steam, and calm waters.
In the year 2051, the poor and abused fleeing earthlings inside a fleet of numerous ancient star ships halted and then orbited around known Planet Neptune, named from Ancient Roman mythology as the God of the Sea. After a major exodus from their home world of Earth, the smart scientists figured out the center of the storm was a viable atmosphere for the group of wandering and homesick earthlings with a set of breathable air and a pond of drinking water.
One hundred forty-nine years later, third-year employee, Outlaw Leer Dunstan is one of the many grandchildren of those 149-year-old dead and space original settlers, who continues to happily live and prosperity thrive inside the Great Dark Spot.
The Great Dark Spot is almost the same mathematical diameter of Planet Earth. A diameter is a straight line passing from side to side through the center of a circle. The polar diameter of Earth is 7,901 miles. The equator diameter of Earth is 7,926 miles.
The Great Dark Spot is 7,900 miles in total length from side to side and 7,900 miles in total height from the top of the stationary hurricane northern tip to southern tip. Then the circle is divided into four quarters which is next divided up over an open space of fresh sea water of 7,900 miles, also.
The silly naming convention for the four different quarter is truly and comical, making the ancient Neptunian some fun-ass folks in the year 2051.
There are the double symbols assigned to one of the four different quarters for simplicity. The double symbols of “CC” stands for the “Commercial Company.” All the current and active commercial companies employ all the current native Neptunians, who are unlucky to own a private business and possessed lots of credits, without working a daily or nightly job. It is also the location of the current Outlaw Building employing all the current and active Outlaws, the police of the Pond.
The double symbols “KK” represents all the “Criminal Criminals” including the current jail house structure for the caught and caged criminals and other non-desirous people. Quarter KK also includes the sewer shit plant and the garage smelly shunt. Then each pod of body sewer and the garage remnant is launched through the Neptune Vortex into the blackness and coolness of outer space waves aiming at the planet of Earth for meanness. However, the supersonic Neptunian winds lift up and cart off all the shitty stuff to the other side of the planet tossing the smelly garbage deeply into the unknown pockets of outer space, until the soggy, smelly bags hit something else.
The first law of physics from Isaac Newton, an object in motion stays in motion, until shit happens.
The double symbols “RR” is designated for the “Rude Rich.” The rich natives are very few loving, lounging, and living inside a mega-structure mansion with either a three to five-story beautiful pole house.
The 4th Quarter holds the double symbols of “WW” denoting the “Working Workers.” These natives work for money which go to the “Rude Rich” for more of their fun.
The interior of the Great Dark Spot is composed of two physical natural components. A curved set of tall white colored walls of swirling non-moving winds raise up into the tropopause or three miles straight up into cold and black outer space environment. The Spot is filled with a very large pool of fresh bluish clear water surrounded by the tall walls of non-moving winds.
Thus, a beautiful stable phenomenon is created by a vortex structure making the Great Dark Spot a hole in the middle of an electric blue colored methane cloud deck on Neptune.
A set of deeply hidden underground rivers beneath the hydrogen ice and methane rock of Neptune drift up and feed the single fresh water pond, within the Great Dark Spot, where only a supernatural entity can explain to both the curious scientists and current natives.
The fresh water pool is sloshed against the tall walls of the non-moving hurricane, without fanfare and effect, where only the same supernatural entity can explain, also.
The fresh water sea provides clean and sweet tasting drinking water and tons of heated invisible steam plumes. Heat raises. The heated steam plume lifts up and then drifts up into a set of mechanic pipes inside every house, keeping the natives warm and happy.
A house structure inside the Great Dark Spot is built on top of a set of six skinny poles holding the first floor foundation of many levels, if you reside within Quarter RR. Each house contains a set of skinny poles going down to the bottom for stability, showing off an empty underbelly on the first floor foundation. So, your spying neighbor can see, if you are dumping and polluting a set of nasty shit down into the only source of drinking water, then you will be meeting face to face with an Outlaw.
From outer space, the planet is covered in white clouds composed of crystals of methane ice. The red elements of the methane mineral present a world with an azure light blue appearance throughout the exterior surface of Neptune.
Inside the Outlaw office, an overhead palmer speaker sounds with a loud hiss and then voices the new announcement to all eardrums inside the office space. “Outlaws Leer, Tean, Boodle, and Eartha, go and displace the weapon violation, please.”
Tean nods with a smile dashing through the open archway to catch the wiggling his pair of light blue walking shorts, slapping the collar bone on Leer. He stated, “Too early for a fight…”
Leer swiftly paces ahead to the beverage machine, slipping out two coco brown-colored imported beans from the side pocket of his light blue walking shorts and then stops at the flat metal countertop. He cracks the beans with his two fingers reaching down and drops the powdery substance into a new mug of hot water gently stirring the water and the beans inside the mug with care and a drooling tongue.
All hard cups, hard plates, and hard eating utensils are used, washed, and reused over and over again for all food meals, since not one single piece of an ancient pressed wood paper exists on top of a work desk, on top of an eating table, or inside the hand of a Neptunian. As a matter of fact, any and all paper products are illegal and banished inside the Great Dark Spot. Planet Earth had almost destroyed all the nature trees, making the cost of pressed wooden paper products a very expensive commodity throughout the Solar System. Thus, numerous colonies refuse to purchase and use any type of tree product, especially coming from sorry-ass Earth.
The light brown coco liquid quickly appears within the mug. Leer grabs a metal lid covering the steamy beverage then swirls his body around to follow his co-worker Tean into another second open archway on the adjacent wall inside the Outlaw office.
The open archway leads into the garage section, within the Outlaw Building, where all the official Outlaw transport vehicles are stored and cleaned.
Tean moves through the archway and strolls down along the edge of the dock row and stops sliding into his personal open air-convertible one-seater scooter on top of the level platform. He grabs and then slips on a dark blue bodysuit over a pair of light blue walking shorts and a light blue short sleeved shirt, zipping up the suit. He stands over the steering gear and presses the button lifting the scooter, sailing forward in the air and over the pond water to the targeted intersection point first to scout the new outlaw situation.
His girlfriend, Outlaw partner Boodle wears the same light blue outlaw uniform as Tean and Leer, dashing along the row of machines, scooting into her personal scooter and grabs a body suit too, pulling the item over her clothing for protection. After dressing, she presses the button as her scooter lifts up sailing down from the dock ramp of storage garage, through the air waves and over the sea, catching up with Tean.
Eartha dashes through the archway, slipping and slapping the buttocks of Leer, giggling with a silly grin. She shouted. “Hey! Do you wanna come with me for lunch, today, Leer? I’m buying…”
“No.” Leer stated. He moves ahead to his personal air scooter on the row of machines.
“I’m going to the Seaside House for shrimp, the morning’s catch.”
“No.” Leer stated again. He stops and slides down into the scooter, placing the hot mug of coco inside a side slot near the steering wheel, slipping on a body armor suit over his uniform too. The body armor is made of a specially designed light-weight material that protects a human from vicious knife wounds, aquatic sea life fangs, and wind burn pain.
The Great Dark Spot is a deep hole on the cloudy surface of Neptune holding a pond of water. Inside the light blue water, there are many species of fresh water sea life, mostly schools of fish, nests of small turtles, pods of swimming snakes, and flocks of flying birds. The aquatic life had been imported from Planet Earth in the year 2051 and then the aquatic live forms died quietly every two years like clockwork from the underground recycling river water that fed the fresh water pond each day. The aquatic life forms are mostly food platters for the natives and entertainment for the children.
Within the Quarter CC, three rows of science buildings stand and are devoted to maintaining all the aquatic life inside the waters of the Great Dark Spot. Else, the colony will be forced to import its entire food stock. It currently imports grains, meats, fruits, and vegetables from Planet Uranus.
The greenhouses on Uranus are created, designed, and raised for food items for each sister planet throughout the Solar System, except for a sorry-ass Earth. Planet Earth takes care of its own food supply or it purchases massive quantities of import shipments, like the rest of the colonies.
Leer enjoys eating the fresh draw of Neptune seafood and is a huge fan of the imported cow beef and chicken livers, too. However, he usually vomits up his good meal when the advertisement clip on the palmer devise shows off for fun or torment a live headless cow body, marching across the grassy field of Uranus.
The Uranus scientists are some brilliant and crazy sons of bitches. They have perfected raising a cow, without a skull, with a set of four stubbed legs, which do not possess the four kneecaps and the four hoofs, and no silly tail. No human alive will eat the skull, the four legs, or the tail on a dead cow, anyways, so it is deemed as useless portions of the food supply.
Some of the Uranus advertisement clips make the cow produce a moo sound for its shit and giggles.
The same mentally demented team of Uranus scientists also have redesigned the dead chicken, without a skull head, the colorful body feathers, a tail, and the two webbed feet.
Leer zips up a body suit and wears a sour frown. He ordered, “Get into your scooter, Eartha. We got a job to do, this morning.”
She smiled with a nod. “I’m going to my scooter. But think about lunch with me this afternoon, Leer?” Eartha spins around from Leer and dashes ahead to her personal air scooter slipping inside the open seat and then grabs dressing in the posed body suit too, which is a requirement for her job as an Outlaw.
Leer stands at the gear box and presses the button, lifting up, sailing the scooter off the platform, in the air, and over the water as he slips on a pair of sunglasses over the eyelids from the heated steam and bright natural light.
Eartha sits on top of the soft cushion zipping up her suit and presses the button racing off the platform, in the air, and over the calm water. Her scooter pulls up beside Leer flying the standard speed fifty miles-per-hour limit for the two hundred plus mile Outlaw trip towards the trouble and the trouble maker.
The Outlaw Building is located inside the northern quarter, at intersection points of 3492, 3494 which is almost in the center of the fresh water sea. However, no building or machine ventures into interaction points of 3500, 3500, within one hundred miles.
The center radius of the pond emits a set of invisible heat up from the water surface, through the Great Dark Spot for some unexplained reason. The heated steam raises all the way upwards and then into cold and black outer space environment, where it hits the space molecules, creating a huge cyclone of wind. The rotating invisible cyclone of twirling wind is called the vortex, within the Great Dark Spot.
Leer continues to watch and follow behind the other two Outlaws as the two other scooters slowly skim over the water to the target for the morning.


Quarter RR
Intersection points 3718, 0194
06:30 hours/minutes


Tean flies in a southern direction from Quarter CC to Quarter RR as the palmer screen blinks off and on pinpointing the exact pole house for the illegal weapon violation. He slows the scooter and hovers directly in the center of the pier. The pole house belongs to one of the wealthier family units of Neptune. The house stands four stories high as each level is surrounded by a nice metal pier with a nicely metal walled terrace.
The first level holds an entertainment room plus an attached metal pier. The second level contains the work areas, such like, the kitchen and cleaning facilities. The third level exhibits an array of guest bedrooms. The fourth level is the residential bedrooms.
Boodle slows her air speed then parks her scooter on the right side of Tean, watching the fourth level terrace of the pole house, presenting her stern face with her active mind. Leer pulls his scooter on the other side of Tean. Eartha stops her scooter next to Leer.
The four scooters sorta surround the open pier with the walled terrace. The young female girl stands in a bikini and holds a long shotgun on top of the fourth pier, aiming the gun at Tean.
Each male native of Neptune wears a clean shaven face and a pair of walking shorts with a set of naked feet from the invisible rays of heated steam from the sea surface. Each male and female native possesses a head of cropped style of blonde hair or a head of dark hair with rich blonde highlights, a tone of whitish pale tinted skin, and a pair of light colored eyeballs. Most of the colony’s descendants had left from the Scottish Highlanders peninsular on Planet Earth in the year 2051 A.D.
Tean wears a tight-fitting waterproof, light blue, armor bodysuit for his job and his protection. The bodysuit hugs his tall, slender body from his throat muscles down to his two naked ankle bones. His feet are uncovered and naked wiggling inside a set of separated hard boot pads inside the air scooter. His buttocks straddle the seat. He presses the speaker button to the young female and wears a stern face. He yelled, “Young miss teen, why are pointing a weapon at us? We are your other Neptunian friends, kinda older.”
The female teen continues to stand on top of the fourth pier with the walled terrace, inside the mega-pole house structure, owned by her biological parents, holding an ancient steel weapon between her palms. Her two elbows are straight and as she slowly swing the cold barrel on the weapon at each Outlaw, inside the air scooter. She shouted with a sneer. “Mine!”
Tean reaches down and clicks the button with his finger staring at the upset teen with one cautious eyeball, wearing a confused brow. He said to both his partner and girlfriend, “Boodle, is that kid drugged or stoned or drunk or mentally indicated?”
His girlfriend Boodle continues to stand inside her own air scooter on a pair of naked feet floating even with the fourth floor pier and terrace wall too, reaching down and taps on the button, watching the palmer screen for the immediate information on the teenage girl. She trusts her boyfriend Tean and her Outlaw friend Leer to protect her face, in case, the teen attacks with the weapon. She stares and absorbs all the immediate composite information from the Neptune citizen database. She said with a puzzled brow. “No! Her name is Naoise Zenith. She is sixteen years old and always attends her school sessions on a regular basis. No record of trouble or crime. And she is a true native of Neptune. She wears a swimming suit and a cropped head of blonde hair with a tint of glowing pale skin. This is very confusing and intriguing.”
Lately, the Great Dark Spot has been adopting some of the very young crew members from the rebel and renegade space pirate gangs. The space pirates are described as a set of orphans or worse a gang of criminals from other colonies that have been kicked off a native planet that does not believe in spacing a live body into a dead body. So, without a home planet, the space pirates and their stolen star ships roam the outer space molecules looking for food or work or trouble. Some of the younger cute and dirty faced space pirates have captured the hearts of the middle-aged and elderly ladies inside Quarter RR. So, wealthy Administrator Furth of the Neptune colony allows and then approves of each space pirate adoption, which is a big mistake for the natives of the Pond.
Most of the criminal investigations over the past few months have been contributed by a young, sleek, smart, newly adopted space pirate. Currently, any captured criminal is serving time inside Quarter CC for the crime punishment.
Quartet CC provides continuous food plates and shelter beds for each criminal with a recovery program of rehabilitation back into their family home and their Neptune pole house.
Eartha sits inside the air scooter and presses the button. Her word echo throughout the other Outlaw palmer speaker box. She asked, “Leer, have you made a decision about lunch with me at the Seafood House?”
Leer hears the annoying and inappropriate social question from Eartha like both Tean and Boodle, but he cannot respond or disconnect the communication. The palmer speaker is connected to all four Outlaw scooters for a business purpose. Leer crosses his arms watching the teenager with the gun, hearing the word exchange through the palmer speaker box.
Tean presses a second button as his words echo to the armed and upset teenager through the air waves. He asked, “Young Miss, where did you get the gun?”
“That’s a stupid inquiry and a stupid move! Do not ever upset a teen with the weapon, Tean.” Boodle shouted back at her boyfriend. She studies the teen and then the active palmer screen of information, wearing a confused brow.
Eartha frowns with annoyance and clicks the palmer button as each Outlaw hears her private conversation again. She asked, “Leer, did you hear my request?”
“Mine” She shouted. The teen female continues to sneer and swing the gun side to side at the body on an Outlaw.
“Miss, please, drop the gun for my protection...” Tean laughed.
“Mine!” She yelled without obeying Tean’s Outlaw request.
Leer reaches down and presses the button on the palmer speaker connecting to all the scooters for a continuous conversation. He stated with a sour frown. “We gotta do something, Outlaws. We can’t sit inside a scooter here all day long. So, what are we going to do? What do you suggest?”
“Mine!” She yelled.
“Are you interested in another different type of meal at lunch, Leer? We could eat at the Farm Hut instead. I love to chew on a pair of two juicy chicken breasts. Do you like breasts, too, Leer?” Eartha asked. She smiles at the nose profile on Leer while ignoring the teen and the gun.
Tean stares at the teen and presents a sour frown. He ordered, “Call her mom, first! Where are the parents of the teen? This is Quarter RR. So, one or both parents must be home…”
“…and locked and hidden inside the closet for protection from that gun.” Leer laughed. He reaches over for his teacup of hot coca. The weather inside the Great Dark Spot maintains a steady 72 degrees Fahrenheit. The light reflection from the bright clear blue water adds another two degrees making the air temperature a pleasant 74 degrees on a sunlit day. However, Leer is addicted to the imported expensive brown colored round beans for a cup of hot coco, each morning, too. He lifts up and then slowly pulls the cup lip towards his lips, wearing with a smile.
The gun explodes with a single bullet. The bullet hits the outer edge on the floating mug, within the cupped hand on Leer. The mug breaks into three pieces falling down into the depths of pretty light blue sea water.
Leer curses dragging back his targeted hand, looking for blood or burns. His hand is shaking from fear but is not seared with a burn or cut from the hard mug materials. He cuddles his hand and produces an elegant string of whispered curses, turning to see Boodle react, like a good Outlaw.
Boodle reaches back and grabs the spear gun from the outside track of her seat, lifting it in the air, cleaning a pathway to the teenager, who still holds a loaded gun. The short single spear soars from her hands and explodes into a wide netting of soft fiber. The netting hits and surrounds the teenager, who still holds the heated gun.
Naoise screams as the tan-colored, web-like, fishing net harmlessly entwines around her upright body and her heated gun too. She dances side to side over the terrace floor, tripping over her naked feet as she is wrapped inside a set of loose ropes, within the netting, falling over the terrace wall and down into the deep blue sea water.
Tean leaps up from the scooter floor and flies in the air for a perfect dive falling down with his ten-pointed fingernails and his face next into the cool sea water for the rescue of the teen girl. Naoise screams and drowns down into the water, not being able to swim with the heavy netting around her body.
Tean emerges from the water, swimming with both of his hands and reaches out grabbing the girl. He lifts her in the air waves using his muscle strength. He shouted with a loud sneer. “You’re okay! Calm down, girl! Stop struggling inside the netting, kid! You’ll drown the both of us. We’re taking you to the medical center for an examination, kid.”
The fleet of sea machines sound with a faint buzz in the far distance.
The sea water, within the Great Dark Spot, is the only life environment for the native Neptunians.
The rest of the planet is composed of non-breathable thick azure blue colored clouds of methane gas and hard rocky surface of hydrogen and helium.
The single fresh sea water provides both water and food, since the year 2051 A.D. If something contaminates the sea water, then all the natives will starve and die on Neptune.
The scientists have constructed an assortment of tiny to large mechanic sea machines to maintain and clean the sea water from the great depths to the smooth surface top.
If a piece of nasty trash is found that does not belong to the natural sea water, an outlaw will investigate and find the criminal, always.
Each sea machine soars through the air and then dives down deep into the water collecting the drifting pieces of Leer’s mug and the foreign brown colored coco liquid. The underground river will naturally float and then drift any type of foreign substance through one of numerous tiny cracks within the hurricane wall or down onto the sea floor, expelling the coco liquid, maintaining the plenty of the fresh water.
Leer will not be charged with the crime of polluting the sea water, since the teenager with the gun has committed the criminal act. He watches the tiny silver coated sea machines clean up the mess underneath the clear water, looking up to see the fourth floor pier with an attached wall terrace, sounding a low deadly sneer, back steeping on the top of his seat.
Boodle stores the spear gun safely then reaches over pressing another button on her console. The scooter’s computer releases and drops down a semi-curved, horizontal-shaped, metal body cot in the water, for the crazy teenage girl. The light-weight body cot hits and then floats on top of the water surface. Tean pedals with one hand towards the body cot dragging and lifts up dumping the crying teenager onto the object. He presses the button indicating the girl is secured into the horizontal body cot.
Boodle slowly lifts her scooter higher in the air towing the metal body cot with the teenager girl out from the water surface without Tean. She slowly swirls around in the air sailing back to the northern quarter. She will fly the girl to the local medical center inside Quarter CC.
Tean swim ahead to his air-hovering scooter, waving both his hands, yelling his name at the machine. The palmer system of his Outlaw scooter has the ability to identify his person by face and heat signature. His silly hand movements will order the machine to lower down from the air molecules and closer to the water surface, so he can jump onto the scooter for the ride to the medical center also.
The scooter blinks an array of colored lights and verbally whistles to the face and the body acknowledgment of its master, activating the descending thrusts, slowly lowering down to Tean.
Leer bends his kneecaps and then leaps from the scooter seat. Actually, the scooter seat is rigged to spring any upright or sitting body from the seat for an emergency or a job. Leer flies air-borne twirling into a somersault, showing off his agile youth of 27 years old. He lands on top of the metal floor, within the fourth pier, missing the terrain wall, crouching over his kneecaps. He rolls to the side as his body absorbs the hard impact of the metal floor. He slowly stands and presents with a sneer and a sour frown.
The doors of pier are missing, which is a normal sight inside every pole house.
Eartha gasps in shock and then exhales with a puff of annoyance at the current Outlaw scene, slowly standing, back stepping up and onto the seat too. The seat launches her upright body from the scooter seat. She flies in the air sailing in a spread-eagle formation, like a native Earth butterfly, and then smashes into the back spine and more rear body parts on Leer. She sounds with a gasp and then a girly giggle, landing on her naked feet in an upright pose.
Leer swirls around from the dangerous body impact cuddling her body, sounding with a low sneer and then a heavy grunt.
Eartha giggles with a grin into his sneer. She yelled, “Gotcha!”
He snarled. “Get off of me, Eartha!” He shoves Eartha from his body armor, turning to see the open archway, presenting a sour frown. No other family member has bothered to greet the squad of Outlaws with an explanation of the dangerous incident, which makes his thoughts and his fighting fist ache for a non-noble cause. Leer moves ahead and sounds with a sneer through the archway and then halts one fourth of the space into the room.
The room is large as his tiny rental apartment in Quarter WW. He is a working worker, living on his own, without the aid of his parents. He is an only child with the apron strings attached, thou.
The room is a long rectangular-shape with a set of two parallel open window view and as a person experiences a nice cross breeze from the sea water. Most of the pole houses do not possess a single piece of window glass or a closed door frame, because the concept of crime is non-existent inside the Great Dark Spot and the non-moving hurricane offers a steady cool breeze through all the pole houses.
The room is decorated in girly tones with an array of colors in purple and aqua, an oversized canopy bed frame, a set of matching chests, a vanity mirror, and a rocking chair.
Leer owns a naked bed mattress with a set of assorted bed linens coming from his mother, a used metal chest for his clothes, a new entertainment screen from his dad, and an old ratty chair from his dead grandfather. That’s the single life of an active bachelor for the moment. 
The rocking chair holds a middle-aged woman, who is clearly related to the teenager. The woman presents the glowing tint of a pale skin, a head of blonde cropped hair, wearing a colorful sundress, cupping both of her hands inside her lap. She wears a flat facial expression.
Leer exhales with a huff of annoyance standing with a stern face. He stated with a soft voice from his Outlaw training. “Ma’am, are you the mother of the child?”
The mother of the teenager stares around Leer into the white non-moving hurricane wind formation slowly rocking back and forth inside the rocking chair. She stated with a soft whisper and a stern face. “She…”
“Ma’am, where did the teenager get the loaded gun?”
The mother of the teenager continues to stare around Leer into the white non-moving hurricane wind formation slowly rocking back and forth inside the rocking chair. She stated with a softy whisper and a stern face. “She…”
Leer frowned, “Ma’am, why did the teenager act so irrational, irate, and irresponsible?”
Eartha grabs the naked arm on Leer tugging him away from the mother and back out through the archway, stopping on the pier floor. She stated with a whisper and a worried brow into his eardrum. “This is the time to be gently. The mother is clearly experiencing maternal trauma with her teenage girl.”
“Yeah. Gently. Trauma.” Leer stated. He spins around and huffs with annoyance slowly moving ahead and then stop standing back in his old spot. He stated with a soft voice. “Ma’am, what did your child mean when she kept repeating the word, mine? What does that mean? Mine? What belongs to her? What did she want to keep from us and from you?”
The mother of the teenager does not respond. She softly whispered with a stern face. “She…”
Eartha grabs the naked arm on Leer again, tugging him from the mother and outside the archway, standing on the pier floor. She stated with a stern face and a whisper again. “Be nice. Be gently.”
He said, “Right toe. Gentle.” He swings around and plants a fake smile on his face slowly shuffling through the archway, stops standing in in the same place. He stated a stern face and a soft voice. “Ma’am, we are the Outlaws here in Neptune. What can you add to explain the misplaced ugly behavior of your teen daughter?”
The mother of the teenager does not respond again. She whispered with a stern face. “She…”
Eartha gasps with a shock. She said, “I heard something in the air waves.” She spins around and scans the open sea water, saying with a puzzled brow. “I do not see a pod of playing dolphins or a sailing seagull which could have made that particular sound either near this pole house.” She slowly swings around and scans interior of the girl’s room. “I heard it inside here. There is something here.” Leer turns and scans the room too. Eartha moves ahead and then stops standing in front of the bed mattress. She stated with a puzzled brow. “I see her personal palmer devise on top of her bed covers. But it is off-line. That’s very strange. All teens eat, sleep, and live with their personal palmer.” She does not touch it but scans the bed covers and then gasps in shock. Eartha said, “I heard it again.”
Leer turns and snarls at the mother. He asked, “Ma’am, is there someone inside the room? A space pirate, maybe? Did you adopt of the younger space pirates, ma’am? That would be an excellent reason for the presentation of an ancient hand gun and an overprotection instinct from your daughter?” He unzips the armor suit, grabbing his palmer. The palmer is not water proof. But the armor suit protects his personal body from harm and his personal possessions from damage. He taps on the palmer near his chin, searching the family unit name. He said, “Nope! It’s not. You didn’t adopt a space pirate. Ma’am, could you please tell us something that we can investigate? Then we will leave…”
“Zing it! It’s a very faint noise.” Eartha shouted. She does not touch the bed frame slowly dropping on her kneecaps onto the warm metal floor, looking underneath the tall canopy bed frame. She smiled. “Found it!” She reaches out and drags a small square-shaped box out from underneath the mattress. She smiled. “Awe! A kitten…”
“A kitten?” Leer shouted. He spins around, moves ahead and then kneels beside Eartha, sounding with a low sneer at the kitten mammal. The kitten stands inside a topless box on top of a pile of torn bed linens, mewing with a sweet sound, batting a paw at the hand on Eartha.
Eartha reaches for the kitten and wears a grin and then halts her hand. She gasped in shock. “It…it is missing part of its left ear. And part of its right toe on one paw. And one of its eyes looks kinda funny, too.”
He exhales with frustration. Leer said. “A clone, the kitten is a clone. A set of real animals die faster here than an eyelid blink.”
She frowns without touching the mewing animal. Eartha asked, “How do you know that it’s a clone?”
“Cloned animals die quicker than a live and imported animal coming from Planet Earth. I see the missing cat parts. During the cloning process, which took place on another planet, the DNA does not replicate at hundred percent. Thus, the cloned life form is missing both physical and internal items, sometime the heart for pumping and the lungs for breathing. The kitten would probably die on its own within a week. However, we can’t allow the daughter to keep the animal.”
Eartha looks and views the mother. She stated, “Of course, we can. This is Quarter RR. The family can afford to pay the garage disposal outer space fee.”
Inside the Great Dark Spot on Neptune, a piece of wasted and used garage does not exist.
Every piece of an object is used and then reused and then kept, until broken. Then the physical object is repaired and used again, until broken again. A wealthy family unit donates the fourth recycled objects to the working workers for free in exchange for a set of imports of new items, which is approved by the Neptune Administrator and then flew by one of the obese and highly paid private space captains to the planet.
A piece of fresh food is gutted for the mealtime for the family unit by an employed and paid store worker inside a retail food shop or an unpaid and devoted family member, who fishes it out of the sea water off a personal pier railing. Then, every single unused remnant is saved and sent to Quarter CC, where the criminal separates each limb and organ of the gutted food.
For example, a turtle shell is separated and packed and then imported to Planet Jupiter. The Jupiter craftsmen create an assortment of beautiful jewelry and body trinkets from the hard shell as all the pretty items can be purchased inside each entertainment parks. Then, the remaining nested and used parts and pieces are shipped by a gang of space pirates to Planet Earth for meanness to remind earthlings that the outer colonies still exist and are prosperous.
Inside Quarter CC on Neptune, the rest of the parts of the turtle including the head, the legs, and the tail are packed by a criminal and is sent to Planet Saturn.
Planet Saturn houses an assortment of huge manufacturing factories that create, design, and produce all the starships throughout the Solar System. The colony accesses fresh remnant parts of all food items creating and developing a set of exotic meal dishes of turtle stew, turtle pies, and turtle fried legs, for example.
Yeah, it sounds gross, but it is very good and very healthy for a human.
Then, the remaining nasty and used parts and pieces of the product, for example, the second used body parts of the turtle, are shipped, again, by a gang of space pirates to Planet Earth for meanness to remind earthlings that the outer colonies still exist and are prosperous.
Back on Neptune, the systemic process of eating fresh food, separating all the remnants, and packing the item works extremely well. Thus, there is not a single garage item. However, if the family unit allows the fresh food to rot or die within the pole house, then the family unit is charged Bit currencies or monies to ship the item into outer space, since a nasty smelly rotten piece of meat cannot be used or eaten by a human or a dog, if a dog exists within the colonies.
This recycle rule is accepted and used by all the colonies also.
The same rule applies to a live foreign object which does not belong on Neptune. Most of the other planets practice the same rule too for both security and protection of the human race.
The meat and body parts of a cloned life form cannot be consumed by a human. Thus, the cloned life form dies immediately.
Death occurs by spacing the life form out from a star ship into the blackness of outer space, where the body fluids of the live and naked body fizzes the liquids and fossilizes the body within .006 seconds.
Outer space is both cruel and swift.
The space pirates monitor the air waves of outer space, come along, and collect the drifting fossilized body for some weird-ass purpose, thus creating a wonderful check and balance system of the universe.
Leer looked up with a sneer to see the stern face of the mother. “Ma’am, do you know where the cloned kitten come from?”
The mother of the teenager continued to stare into the white non-moving hurricane wind formation, slowly rocking back and forth inside the rocking chair. She stated with a soft whisper and a stern face. “She…”
Eartha leans into Leer wearing a grin. She whispered. “Be gentle, Leer. We found the answer. Both the mother and the teen know that the cloned kitten is illegal and can’t be allowed to stay here on Neptune. The teen was upset and wanted to keep her pretty present. Too bad, it didn’t expire before we found it. I would guess that the mother found it and promised silence. I bet the dad promised a reprimand which upset the teen. Then the teen reacted like teens do which sounded the alert to the outlaw station. And so, we are here…”
Leer nodded with a frown. “I concur.”
“We should let the teen girl keep the kitten. It’s going…”
“No.” Leer stated. He exhales with a puff of frustration. “By Outlaw regulation, we must remove and take it and…”
“Yes.” Eartha said. She leans into his body wearing a smile, touching his chest with her elbow. “I’ll do it, since you’re trying for the Fire Star award, again, this season. Will we charge the teen with a crime of saving an innocent life form?”
Leer exhales with a huff of annoyance. As the senior Outlaw here inside the pole house with a criminal, he can decide the verdict of the innocent kitten, since it is an illegal item, within the Great Dark Spot. And then he has to act on the verdict as the recording Outlaw.
This is a similar situation that had cost him the Fire Star award, last season.
Within Quarter KK, each criminal is given a work assignment. Actually, each criminal is given a set of work assignments, depending upon the specific crime. A crime of murder is an immediate spacing of a life form into outer space, without appeal, since there is not a peer of juries or a judge within the galactic colonies.
For the other non-murderous crimes, the criminal is offered as a person of free labor for any type of commercial company, getting a pair of hands dirty and working an ass off throughout the day and the night while wishing for freedom again. At the end of the criminal service, the criminal will return back home to their family unit as a renewed native of Neptune. If there is a second or third crime, the same criminal will receive additional rehabilitation duties as a free laborer again.
However, a fourth type criminal is an immediate spacing an ass into outer space, without appeal. So, the spacing of a body falls to the Outlaw, which is part of the Outlaw duty. Therefore, each Outlaw takes a turn to perform the death penalty.
During the spacing, the Outlaw and the criminal enter a starship. The ship travels up from the warm sea air and then into the outer space along the edge of the planet. The door of the ship is opened. Then, the criminal is tossed into outer space and dies within milliseconds presenting an ugly sight. The punishment ritual is both simple and accepted throughout the galactic colonies, except on Planet Mars.
It is rare for the Great Dark Spot to have repeat criminal. It is rarer for the criminal to be guilty of four crimes throughout a continuous period of time. However, it does happen, sometimes.
Then it happened, a couple of weeks ago.
It was one of the older space pirates that had been adopted into one of the wealthy family unit. The teen was older and meaner than any other native on Neptune. The teen had fought with his peers first, stolen merchandise second, wrecked the scooter third, and finally beaten his adopted father into a bloody coma. The last crime resulted in immediate spacing of his ass.
Leer had been very careful and cautious with all his work assignments. Each Outlaw is given an opportunity to reject the assignment, especially if the victim or the criminal is a family member or a close friend of relations.
Some Outlaws enjoy the brutal fights with a pair of fists. Some Outlaws enjoy the subtle negotiations with a soft voice. Thus, the superintendent will recommend and assess an assignment based on past work experiences. However, the rule of spacing has a set schedule for each Outlaw.
There had not been ‘a death spacing’ within three calendar years, since Leer had passed his academic Outlaw tests and started as an Outlaw rookie, within the Outlaw Division on Neptune.
As a rule, each new rookie starts at the top of the list for the next death spacing, if presented.
Within the rankings of the rookies, Leer, his childhood friend Boodle, and his childhood friend Tean had all joined the Outlaw Division at the same time. Within the rookies, the highest academic grade counted for the best rookie of the graduating class.
Three year ago, the best rookie had been Leer Dunstan.
Leer was not surprised with his outstanding academic honors among the rookies. His mom and his dad were a pair of elderly retired Outlaws and they were a good set of encouraging and proud parents, to boot.
So, his name was sitting on top of the death spacing list.
Then, the naughty space pirate couldn’t stop his spree of nasty crime.
And Leer could not sidestep his paid Outlaw duty.
Within two weeks of the Fire Star award ceremony, Leer had maintained a no-kill status, during the entire season. Then, he was called into duty, a death spacing.
Leer accepted the duty with a set of gritted teeth and a mouth of sour re-breathable air inside a space suit, grabbing and then tossing the naked teenager out the open hatch door, instead of using the drop hatch below the floor using his array of outrageous angry.
The death spacing counts toward one single kill for an Outlaw. This is one reason why an Outlaw rotates their Outlaw duties, since some Outlaws want to perform the task, all the damn time.
So, Leer had one killing against his soul, which eventually lost him the Fire Star award at the ceremony, last night.
The Fire Star award is an honor to capture for an Outlaw. 
Some of the colonies space a set of nasty criminals all the time that cause trouble without blinking an eyelash, which horribly honors the true Outlaw textbook definition. Therefore, the Outlaw Headquarters created the award to promote both peace and harmony among the galactic outer space colonies. Some Outlaws do not give a damn about an award of peace. Some Outlaws care too much, suck like, the parents of Leer.
His dad is a past two year recipient of the award. His mom is a single Fire Star award winner too. The benefits of peace and harmony pay off very well for a recognized Outlaw. In the case of Leer’s parents, the payment is a nice three-story pole house, inside Quarter RR, that is debt free, a fat account of credits for purchasing numerous imports which are very expensive for a working worker. Thus, Leer had grown up like a privileged brat of within the “Rude Rich” without the real riches.
However, his parents continued to nag and brag about the importance of capturing the Fire Star during dinner night, during holiday gathering, and during palmer conversations.
Leer feels the weight of the universe on both sides of his collar bones. Losing the award last night, he feels the weight of a dangling second galaxy, if it can be measured by pounds.
He exhales with a huff of authority. Leer stated, “No. The teen is upset with the nasty decision. And the mother is upset with her daughter. We take the kitten into outer space…”
“Okay.” Eartha said. She cuddles the innocent kitten into her breasts turning to face the open archway, sounding with a giggle and a grin. She dashes through the archway and onto the pier floor to the metal railing. She waves her free hand at her personal scooter as it blinks in an array of colored lights and verbally whistles back the acknowledgement of her specific face and her specific heat signature. The air scooter powers the thrusts and moves closer sliding sideways even with the wall terrace trailing, without damaging the pole house.
Eartha climbs over the wall railing falling down into the seat, cuddling the kitten and then taps the button on the floor. A tiny panel lifts from the floor, revealing a dark hollow hole. She leans down and drops the frightened kitten inside a compartment underneath her seat.
The storage compartment opens up on the bottom of the scooter for a spacing of an item into the blackness of outer space, without the enjoyment of the pilot.
She presses a series of button on her air scooter. A set of transparent panels silently soar from the sides of the machine and completely cover all the exposed outer edges on her scooter and her person, since she is traveling off the fresh sea water and up into outer space for her new Outlaw assignment. The enclosed panel provides a limited supply of breathable air for a very short space flight and complete body protection from the deadly outer space radiation ions.
On top of the Pond, Eartha spins the scooter around flying ahead in the air and over the water, moving into the center radius.
Inside the pole house floor, Leer stands with a huff staring with a set of mixed emotions at the mother, turning with a sour frown and moves through the archway and then stops at the wall terrace railing. He waves both of his palms, whistling at his scooter.
An array of colorful lights blinks and winks back at him sounding with a verbal whistle shout in the air waves to his face and his personal body signature, slowly activating the thrusts, moving to the wall terrace on the pole house.
Leer watches his scooter soar and slid into a parking parallel pose next to the terrace wall of the teenager’s level. He climbs over the terrace wall and settles down onto the seat exhaling with a huff of frustration. He twists the guiding stick to the north, flying over the water at a steady fifty miles per hour to the outlaw building in Quarter CC.
Tean has left the water and the crime scene driving his scooter to be near his girl Boodle. Tean never leaves the side of Boodle for anything. He loves her and is planning to marry her, within two months on Neptune, following her decision to the Outlaw path too.
Eartha has disappeared from the sea water and is currently flying into outer space, holding the illegal cloned kitten.


Quarter CC
Outlaw building pier and office space
Office of Superintendent Darsha Varrier
07:30 hours/minutes


Leer arrives at the foot of the ramp platform, after Tean and Boodle. They had sailed their individual scooter up the ramp and then parked among the row of water transports underneath the covered pier. Leer scoots up the ramp and then parks killing the engine, sliding off the seat. He stands on his naked feet on top of the metal ramp. He said with a sour frown to Tean. “Where’s the girl?”
Eartha has finished the spacing outlaw job, landing back down the Neptune Vortex, flying over the Pond water. Currently, she slides her the scooter onto the platform and kills the engine, sitting on the seat. She shouts to Tean. “How’s the young miss?”
Boodle moves away from her parked scooter spinning around, standing in front of the machines. She said with a stern face and a nod to Leer and Eartha. “She was dropped off with a face of crying tears at the medical center. Her mother was coming for the pick up.”
“That’s understandable.” Eartha moves off the scooter strolling ahead to Tean and Boodle.
“Where did she get that old gun?” Boodle asked. She moves with Tean and presents a confused brow wiping off the water droplets from her neck and her face.
Tean wipes out the water droplets from his neck and his arms also. He stated. “From her 149-year-old dead great, great, great, great-grandfather, probably, I saw some old photographs of those ancient steel handguns. And her family is one of the most ancient family units here in the Great Dark Spot.”
Boodle frowned. “My family unit is one the most ancient family units here, too.”
“All of our families are.” Leer wiped out the water droplets from his arms too.
Tean shakes his cropped skull displaying the wet hair strands from the sea swim. He stated, “All the family units are not. After the exodus of the earthlings in the year 2051, all the starships landed on one of the non-breathable planets, within the Solar System. About three years into the development of each colony settlement, some of the other colonists get into a set of fist fights or gun fights with the some of the other colonists. So, the individual colonists and their unrelated family units were kicked off the planet. Neptunians always had a big heart and a big mouth. So, the homeless colonists were invited here to live and work. Therefore, some of our family units are not true natives of the original starships.”
Eartha frowned. “Why did she use that gun on an outlaw? That is crime right there for punishment.”
Leer frowned with a nod. “She wanted to keep the kitten which was a teen girl thing for love.”
Boodle laughed. “Where did she learn to handle a gun hitting that solo mug of hot coco in Leer’s non-shooting hand?”
Tean smiled with a nod. “If I guessed correctly here, she learned to shoot at one of the many Jupiter target ranges, part of fun and excitement of being an annoying earthling in yesteryears. There are numerous amusement parks that house these ancient old handguns and shoulder rifles with a set of real gunpowder for a great big flash-and-pow and some good old western fun for hundreds of thousands of credits. I have never been able to afford to play inside a western setting, but I would like to go, one day.” He turns and enters with Eartha through the open archway from the garage shred and into the office space, moving to his personal outlaw desk to examine any palmer messages.
Leer and Boodle follow behind still wiping off more water droplets from their body parts.
The overhead speaker sounds with a loud hiss and voices the new announcement. “Outlaws Eartha and Leer report to the Darsha, please.”
Leer stops beside Boodle then turns with a sneer seeing her nose profile, feeling aggravated with the morning workload. He asked, “Did you get me in trouble?”
She reaches out and slaps the naked arm on Leer. She giggled. “All the water bags broke. We’re not in trouble, Leer. We did our job. The girl is cocky and kooky, without a cup of your nasty coco beans.” Boodle chuckles.
“What did you do with the cloned kitten?” Tean smirked.
Eartha turns with a wicked grin to see the nose profile of Tean. She implied, “Do you really want me to give you the gruesome, gory, and tragic details in black and cold outer space colors, darling?” She faces Leer giving an eye wink. She stated, “I saved your precious spotless record of no killings, so you can receive the Fire Star award, next year.”
Leer moves ahead and scoots around Eartha wearing a sour frown, scooting to the beverage machine. He stated, “After another 364 days based on old Earth time…”
Boodle pulls up beside Leer and wears a confused brow. She said, “Clones are illegal to transport and own and keep and maintain. Where it came from?”
Tean stands in front of his business desk, reading his palmer for new messages. He said, “The space pirates, they’ve been landing on top of the docking bridge. Some of the dock workers give them food and in return, they hand off a set of stolen objects or a young child.”
“Why would we do that?” Eartha asked. She moves ahead and stands behind Tean wearing a confused brow.
Leer laughs with a nod stopping at the beverage machine. He stated, “To keep peace in the galaxy, Eartha, it is the old axiom. You scratch my ass, then I don’t kick yours back to Mars.”
“You’re grumpy, today, ain’t you, Leer?” Boodle said. She spins around and moves ahead with her loud laughter towards her business desk for her Outlaw and personal palmer messages.
Leer exhaled with a nod. “I miss my cup of coco. I was going to drink that cup of coco. She shot my cup of coco out of my hand.” He pulls out two more brown colored beans from the side pocket on his walking shorts, smashing them with his two fingers, dropping them down into a mug of hot water. He gently swirls the beans and the water, creating a second mug of brown colored coco.
Eartha laughed. “It was lucky shot.”
Tean nodded with a stern face. “It was a clean Outlaw shot. That kid was very good. Or Leer would be missing a hand for his next hot cup of coco…”
Boodle nodded. “That kid was rich and spoiled, playing too many times at the target range on Jupiter.”
Eartha nodded with a smile. “That is an excellent theory.”
“No theory! It’s a fact.” Leer mumbled with a sour frown.
Eartha swings around with a smile pulling up beside Leer and extends her naked arm towards him. She stated with a giggle and a grin. “May I have this escort into the superintendent’s office?”
“No.” Leer stated. He blows down into the hot liquid of coco, scooting around Eartha, feeling bad for treating her ugly and sad for the spaced kitten. He feels confused regarding the new overhead announcement. The time is the seventh hour of the morning and as he has too much Outlaw work to do.


Outlaw Office setting, Supervisor Darsha
07:45 hours/minutes (late morning)


The office is a small in size and square-shaped displaying a set of half-windows from the ceiling down to the middle of each wall. The private office rests in the rear of the building, alone, as it protrudes out from the exterior wall. Three of the windows display the calm smooth blue sea water and the white colored non-moving hurricane solid wind formation looking both solid and stationary. However, the hurricane stationary winds curve around the fresh water of the Great Dark Spot. The front wall holds a set of double archways, without the doors, and a set of open windows frames viewing the nice or nasty activity of her current staff members.
Her body presents an average height, slightly plump frame wearing a loose-fitting, short, yellow colored sundress. She possesses a head of long dark hair highlighted blonde from the bright light of the Great Dark Spot of Neptune. Superintendent Darsha Varrier is in charge of the Outlaw Division on Neptune with a roster of thirteen mixed female and male officers.
Darsha shoves her body mass forward inside the chair, moving the hover chair through the middle section of the office desk.
The office desk consists of two separate round portions. The right side is empty and polished reflecting the water’s bright light. The left side houses an assortment of floating holograms above the surface that do not scratch the imported wood or the dull the shine. The set of holograms show off her family and her friends. Her desk chair stops in front of the two other hover chairs.
Darsha looks at each outlaw presenting a smile and a nod, shifting her naked legs underneath her fanny, a bad habit. She explained, “Good job with the teenager, Eartha and Leer!” She exhales with a puff of frustration. “However, there is more Outlaw work for the day. I have received an urgent message which leads to a very unique outlaw assignment. There has been a kidnapping on Pluto. The local Pluto Administrator has contacted our Outlaw Office for assistance and the Administrator of Neptune colony has approved it.”
“Futch approved. Lovely!” Leer said. “They can call and contact a gang of Outlaws from Earth.” He frowns with a huff of frustration with the new duties of his new workday. So far, he has found an illegal life form and now he has to find an illegal native that does not belong on Planet Neptune either. He wants to go back to bed and wake up again to see if the artificial light, within the Great Dark Spot, shows him a different path for his soul.
Darsha studies the twinkling blue colored eyeballs on Leer. Leer is mentally calculating the new Outlaw assignment and wears a stern face exhibiting his stubbornness and his sharp intellect. Leer is a junior Outlaw among her employed staff and exhibits the highest intelligence but the most laziness behavior patterns for a human life form.
His biological parents are a married pair of two outstanding Outlaws on Neptune during their active duty time and have finally retired into the luxury life on the sea pond.
Leer desires to achieve the same goal of outstanding and the same dream of retirement too.
Hell, every employed, working Outlaw desires that daydream, too.
However, Leer chases after the easiest and least dangerous Outlaw assignment in the pursuit of the ultimate achievement, the Fire Star trophy.
Eartha turns with a frown to see the nose profile on Leer. She stated, “That’ll take hours even with high burn flame on the fastest starship from Earth, that actually doesn’t exist.” She smiles at her supervisor. “We will do our best, Darsha.”
Darsha turns with a fake smile to see the other outlaw employee, an earthling.
Eartha was born and raised on Planet Earth. She had entered the Outlaw program there and then moved with her biological family unit to Planet Mars.
Planet Mars is known as the soft heart of the galaxy. All the established colonies on Mars take in any wanderer, if the criminal truth is secretly hidden.
So, Eartha and her family unit traveled from Planet Earth to Planet Mars, without a bleeding-heart, sappy, sorry-ass earthling story. Eartha enters the Outlaw program there then she transfers to Planet Jupiter improving upon her Outlaw career there too.
Jupiter is the entertainment center of the galaxy. Numerous business corporations invest billions of bits into the numerous pots of amusement parks and the lovely cloud skiing resorts. The corporations are very successful. However, for a business to become successful, the company must wrangle out all of the non-desirable humans. This is the primary work job for the Jupiter Outlaw division.
The Outlaws on Jupiter are highly paid, when they are compared to the standard scale, except the work is both rough and tough occurring day and night on the planet. Some of the Outlaws love the work beating up ill-breed customers and kicking off troublemakers. Some of the Outlaws learn a few more tricks of the trade and move out to another Outlaw division to bully a weak program.
Eartha has learned some nifty tricks, beaten her share of troublemakers, and has moved on landing inside the Neptune Outlaw division.
“I have always admired Eartha’s positive flexible work attitude.” Darsha stated. She nods with a smile to the female Outlaw. She does not trust the earthling and always watches Eartha with one of her two roaming eyeballs. An earthling is not on anyone’s favored listing with the goals of high achievement and loyalty. However, the worse behavior from this pretty earthling is a visual set of her annoying flirtatious act with her outlaw co-worker named Leer.
Leer hates it too.
However, Darsha allows the interplay between the two Outlaws while actually pairing the couple together. Leer needs motivation with his serious work. Eartha needs an outlet of her fun. Thus, the pair works brilliantly together as one of the better Outlaw units here on Neptune.
Darsha has thoroughly research the background of Eartha finding nothing of interest or intrigue.
Eartha is a typical earthling, who had struggled through the poor resources from the sorry-ass planet.
After the exodus of earthlings in the year 2051, all the other colonies turned a back spine and an asshole away from their native home world, offering nothing in terms of friendship, opportunities, and food supplies.
An earthling, who escapes from the planet, is regarded as a criminal first, a wanderer second, and an enemy third to all the outer space colonies.
Darsha did not find any type of criminal record on Eartha. Eartha is not a wanderer either by any means but a paid employee, who is looking for another opportunity within her personal job career. But Darsha views Eartha as the enemy from the first day, since the earthling is not born on Neptune.
As a matter of fact, almost all of the other Neptunians view an earthling-raised Eartha as the enemy too, expect for a few of the younger fellow Outlaws including Tean and Boodle, who are also childhood friends of Leer.
Eartha started working in the Neptune Outlaw division a couple of months, before Leer. She is always happy and positive with her work attitude, friendly, and smiling to each staff member, who is a native-born Neptunian.
When Leer finally graduated from the Outlaw School, he joined the same Outlaw Division as his retired biological Outlaw parents, since he was born on Neptune, choosing the same life-time career.
The first day of Leer’s job, Eartha figuratively attacked and then attached her tall and slender body on Leer for some unexplained reason.
Darsha was not shocked.
Leer is still a single and an available bachelor within the Outlaw Division, among the males.
Then Darsha started recognizing the repetitive pattern from the earthling. Eartha only ate her lunch meal near Leer, only talked with her words to Leer, and only provided all her flirts with Leer as she ignored some of the other available and single males.
Darsha dived deeply back into the social and criminal background of the earthling for a second time with worry. Earthlings are the trashcans of the Solar System. No other outer space colony accepts an earthling family unit from Earth. No other colonist associates with an earthling. The past and current population of earthlings abuses and uses all the poor humans. Then the past poor gang of abused humans had built a fleet of outer space starships and then traveled beyond the twinkling stars landing and then occupied each planet within the Solar System, finally finding both happiness and prosperity.
From the second set of extensive research, Darsha did not find any single criminal activity on Eartha. If so, Eartha would have been purged from Neptune Outlaw program definitely and reinstated into another Outlaw program, maybe.
Some of the outer space colonies like and employ a gang of rough and tough Outlaws, which benefits the rogue definition.
However, Darsha has learned to lean back and observe the first year of Eartha and Leer together.
Leer’s true goal as an Outlaw is to win the Fire Star, a prestigious honor and a luscious reward of credits for a non-killing act.
Leer’s parents won the honor three times between the retired pair of elderly Outlaws, living within Quarter RR for the “Rude Rich” and non-working citizens of Neptune.
All the other native Neptunians know and socialize with Leer and his parents, since birth.
Eartha came from Planet Earth through the pathway of Planet Jupiter, a hard Outlaw jolt. Jupiter is the entertainment planet of the solar system. And the parents of Leer had spent some of their personal time traveling to Jupiter, enjoying all the numerous amusement parks with Leer as a teen and a young adult.
Darsha didn’t find one piece of physical, written, or verbal evidence to share with Leer, because if she did, she would have done that immediately. So, her theory worked like this.
The winners of the Fire Star trophy and reputation are both famous and few. Eartha had seen and then recognized the Outlaw parents of Leer on Planet Jupiter, learning of their biological son, who was going to be an Outlaw too.
Eartha requested a transfer from Jupiter to Neptune right before Leer graduated from the Outlaw School and then she happened to literally run into his body on the first day of work.
Leer is not stupid and does not enjoy all the attention from Eartha. First, she is an earthling. No one cares about an earthling, much least dates or socializes with one.
Eartha is a gold digger, looking for an easy and simple life within the Milky Way Galaxy. She is not ugly or dumb, but smart and pretty.
Darsha isn’t fooled either, carefully watching over both Eartha and Leer.
Leer frowns with a whine to Darsha. He stated, “We will do nothing. We are not responsible for the planet of Pluto and the native Plutonians. We are obligated to our home planet of Neptune and all the nice native Neptunians.” He sips on the hot coco.
“And I have not always admired Leer’s stubborn work logic.” Darsha said with a frown to Leer.
“We’re Outlaws. We’ve accepted our lifetime duty as an Outlaw for the entire Solar System. The word somehow and somewhere stands for an outer space law enforcement officer.” Eartha smiled.
“Look! I accept my duty on warm and sunny Neptune, not cold and freezing Pluto.” Leer said. He sips the hot coco.
“And I issue that duty to each outlaw as the superintendent of this division. Eartha is correct.” Darsha smiled. 
Leer frowned. “Why am I not correct, Darsha?” He sips the hot coco.
Darsha smiled. “Pluto doesn’t have a division of Outlaw enforcers. There is no crime there. Until now, there has never been a filed report of a crime. The Pluto Administrator is both helpless and clueless. We are not. We will help. Go in and found the child and get out, the easy assignment for the morning. Then I will allow both of you the rest of the afternoon off plus a day off for good hunting for two days. How’s that, Leer?”
Eartha nodded with a smile. “Yes ma’am.”
Leer whined again. “Space travel?” He sips on the hot coca.
Darsha nodded with a smile, “Yes, that, too! You will be wearing a set of old fashion space suits for the space trip from the year 2051, which our ancestors stole and used them for body protection. The suits are cleaned and located inside the star ship for this type of emergency.”
“Space suits?” Leer said with a sour frown. “There’s not any type of emergency on Neptune. The emergency is on Pluto.”
Darsha nodded with a smile to Leer. “Yes, that, too! The ancient space suits are needed to breathe on the atmosphere of Pluto, falling out the star ship, and floating down to the surface.”
“Space jump?” Leer said. Then he sips on the warm coco.
She smiled to Leer again. “Yes, that, too. There is not a functional space port on Pluto…”
“That doesn’t make any sense, Superintendent Darsha.” Eartha looks down and taps on her palmer. A palmer is an information and communication devise that rests between the inner palm spot of your hand. It is a rare event for a human to possess two palmers. She read out loud the new information saying with a puzzled brow. “Everything is imported into the guts of Pluto. I mean everything. Water. Food. Salt. Minerals. Clothing. Electronics. Flowers. Plants. Pluto doesn’t grow or export any type of commodity to any of the other planets. So, there must be at least one docking station that holds an export freighter. We will find it as we scout around high orbit.”
Leer turns with a sour frown to see the nose profile of Eartha. He asked, “How do you know that we will scout in high orbit?”
Darsha looks down to read her palmer with the information coming from the Pluto Administrator. She stated, “Eartha is correct. I’m passing all the vital information into your personal palmers too. You are instructed to land at the northern polar axis which is located in high orbit around Pluto. There is a very large warehouse with an open rooftop, where all the star freighters dock for each import shipment of goods. You will land there inside the ship. You will meet...”
Leer frowned, “A warehouse?” He sips on the warm coco.
Darsha looked up with a smile to Leer. “I enjoy repeating all my instructors to the slow thinking outlaws. You will greet and meet with the administrator of Pluto there at the designated warehouse. He will escort you around the town…”
Leer frowned. “Pluto doesn’t have a town.” He sips on the cold coco.
She exhaled with annoyance. “He will escort you and Eartha around the block or the square or the place to the mother of the missing child. This is a criminal investigation with two outer space law enforcement officers. You will stay until the child is found on Pluto. And I don’t wanna hear lip about it, Outlaw Leer. Steer the beetle to Pluto. It’s more compact than two individual birdies.”
“Yes ma’am.” Eartha nodded with a smile.
“I like to fly through outer space.” Leer said with a sissy whine. He sips the last drop of the cold coco licking a set of sticky lips with a pink tongue for his enjoyment.
Darsha chuckled. “I like to see you not fly through outer space, Leer. Do you have any questions? Good! Dismissed! And good luck, Outlaws!”
Leer sits in the hover chair and presents a tart face. He stated, “I’m actually more comfortable over the water rather than in the sky. Maybe…”
Eartha stands and then spins around facing the open archway. She said with a nod and a grin. “Then I’ll do the flying. You will do the riding inside the beetle. Get up and follow me, Water Boy.” She giggles leaving the office. Leer rolls his eyeballs and then stands from the hover chair. Darsha nods with a stern face to start his morning duty.
Leer swings around with a sour frown to face to the archway, sitting the empty cup inside the hover chair and moves out the office sounding with a heavy grunt. He turns to see a new side door in the distance. The door is closed leading to a covered pier of parked outer space starships. The ships are owned and operated by the Neptune Outlaw division for visiting outer space and outer stars and outer planets. However, it is very rare for a Neptune Outlaw to leave the Great Dark Spot chasing a Neptune criminal.
Starship travel is the norm for traveling from planet to planet. Most people own a small rusty starship. All business companies possess a couple of starships.
On Neptune, the rich family units own and fly a private purchased starship. The working workers labor during the day and stay at home during the night, without owning or operating a starship. The only exception is a scheduled entertainment vacation to Planet Jupiter. The biggest planet, within the Solar System, provides tons of fun, with tons of bits, and a scheduled pick up and drop out inside a company’s owned individual extra-large outer space starship, if you have booked your vacation fun there for the season.
The side door slides open.
Leer marches down a row of sleek-looking, silver-tinted, parked and powered down machines, consisting of the smallest star ships, the Birdies.
A Birdie starship is a one-seat transport displaying a bubble shield and a single guiding metal stick down on the floor between the kneecaps and the legs of the pilot. Part of the Outlaw training requires each employee to train and fly in a Birdie.
Leer owns an older model Birdie, provided by his parents, on his 21st birthday. He had flown the starship to the annual Outlaw Dinner and Dance, last night. Now, it is parked underneath the pier cover of his pole apartment complex, getting wind burned.
Some of the Outlaws are trained to pilot some of the larger starships, including the Beetles (passenger sedan) and the Butterflies (cargo freighters) for an Outlaw emergency.
Leer is not interested in learning to pilot a larger starship or going to visit the ice cold planet of Pluto, today or tomorrow or the next day.
Eartha dashes ahead to the flying machine while sounding with a giggle and a grin, slamming her hand print on the side door. The ship door slides open.


Beetle starship
08:08 hours/minutes


Eartha enters and then halts inside the cargo hold inspecting the enclosed space. A Beetle starship is designed like an Earth beetle. A smart-ass engineer on Planet Saturn had nicknamed his personal engineering starship design. The ship possesses a wide, U-shaped, metal body frame with a square-shaped, chopped off nose grill. Between the chopped off nose grill, there are two cockpit seats on each edge of the Beetle, such like, a set of eyeballs on the Earth beetle. The pilot and co-pilot are physically separated by a wall block of metal. The inner block wall contains storage space for supplies and equipment pieces.
Some smart-ass pilot had a tiff with her co-pilot and then recommended an outer space craft with two separate cockpit bubbles. Then some smart-ass Saturn Administrator had approved the slick design, thus creating the Beetle starship concept.
Behind the two separate cockpits, there is a long rectangular-shaped cargo bay. Each side wall contains an individual hatchway door for entrance and exit by the pilot and the co-pilot. When one door is tapped by the sweaty hand on a human, both doors open for convenience, on the passenger ship.
Between each hatchway, there is a set of numerous control panels with an array of colorful buttons and switches and a set of hidden closets of various equipment pieces. On the rear wall of the cargo hold, which stands opposite from the cockpit, there is an empty smooth wall that contains numerous stored rows of sitting chairs, sleeping cots, and other emergency and medical equipment for any needed purpose in space flight.
The Beetle starship is used for people rescue and transportation of goods under any type of situation within outer space.
The front wall holds the flying cockpit and contains a set of twin half-doors required both the pilot and co-pilot to drop down and then carefully crawl through an individual semi-lighted tunnel for entering a cockpit seat. Between the twin half-doors, there is a transparent locker of hanging space suits in sizes small to extra-large for working spacer within outer space.
The cargo hold is empty, and each locker door is both locked and sealed for the upcoming outer space flight. Eartha turns to the side wall moving ahead to one of two hidden compartments and then stopped, slamming the metal as her sweaty palm triggers the action.
The metal door slides open.
The wardrobe closet reveals an assortment of female, light blue colored, flight jumpsuit, a pair of matching space gloves, and a pair of matching flight boots.
On Neptune, all the natives wear a pair of light colored walking shorts, a matching or non-matching light colored sleeveless shirt, and a pair of bare feet or a pair of flip-flips due to the steamy warmth of the Great Dark Spot and the fresh sea water during the day and the night. Some of the other natives display a set of swimming outfits depending on their job of fishing for fresh food or their fun of skiing for entertainment.
Inside outer space, the weather is freezing cold. The temperature is minus million degrees or more in Fahrenheit measurement. During space flight, the interior of cockpit is warm but cool air circulates through the engines and cargo hold. The flesh of a human freezes at 32 Fahrenheit degrees. The blood vessel explodes at eight degrees. The heart stops pumping at minus eight degrees.
Eartha strips off her clothing, a pair of light blue walking short, a matching sleeveless shirt, and a pair of light blue leather flip-flips and tosses each item inside the locker, standing only her girly panties, looking over her collar bone. She presents a smile. She pauses for a few seconds with a giggle and a grin, hoping to see Leer inside the archway, shaking her long blonde tinted hair strands.
Leer is not happy about his new Outlaw assignment and his new Outlaw space trip to Planet Pluto. He is probably trying to convenient his childhood friend Tean to go in his place.
Tean is partnered with his girl Boodle as an Outlaw pair. He will gladly accept the new assignment in place of Leer, if Boodle can accompany him to Pluto. However, Darsha is not going to reassign a duty, since she never does reassign a duty. The duty an Outlaw receives the duty that must be completed, unless the Outlaw needs aid.
Eartha returns with man-disappointment and grabs one of the light blue flight suits, the correct pair of matching flight boots, and a pair of matching space gloves, wiggling inside the soft fabric and quickly dressed. She wears a smile. She back steps from the locker slamming the door shut. She drops down on her semi-padded kneecaps onto the floor and turns crawling over the metal floor, sounding with a giggle and a grin. She enters the pilot tunnel and eventually settles into the pilot’s chair.
Leer saw Eartha disappear into the Beetle starship compartment. He presents a sour frown and a heavy groan with too much Outlaw work for the early morning, stepping inside and stands inside the pilot entrance hatchway, observing the cargo hold. Empty.
He is not trained to fly a Beetle starship but is trained to observe any type of trouble inside a starship, such like, a floating life form through cold and dark outer space and from his warm and steamy home planet.
The cargo hold is secured. Eartha is dressed and waits inside the pilot’s cockpit.
Leer steps into the cargo hold and slaps the panel on the side wall. Both the hatchway doors close shut. He turns and moves ahead to a second hidden closet for a male on the opposite wall of the cargo hold, standing in front the secret compartment, slamming the metal with a sweaty finger.
The metal door slides open.
There is an assortment of male-sized, light blue colored, flight jumpsuits, a matching pair of space boots, and a matching pair of space gloves.
He strips off his comfortable clothing, a light blue pair of walking shirts, a matching sleeveless shirt and tosses each item down into the locker as each one hits the floor. He grabs dressing inside one of the light blue jumpsuits with a pair of matching space boots, and a pair of matching gloves for his hands. He is not the pilot needing to use his hands for steering the ship, but tiny grams of cold air inside the cockpit will settle around all your naked body parts, creating mental and body annoyance. Leer slaps the door as it closes shut.
He back steps from the closet and drops down turning and crawls ahead on his hands and his kneecaps over the metal floor, maneuvering to the co-pilot enclosed metal covered tunnel.
Each tunnel tube is a narrow, enclosed, rectangular-shaped passage way of pure metal, one reason for the space gloves as you crawl over the cold metal floor. The tunnel holds two long rows of embedded tiny white lights on each side of the wall. If you are half-way blind, you cannot see them.
Leer slowly enters and sounds with a low groan moving down through the dull lighted tunnel, sounding with array of low grunts.
Eartha said via the transmitter built into her space suit. “Are you in here, Leer?”
Leer moves over the floor and grunts hating the Beetle-designed outer space craft. The ship holds a set of separate cockpits which is split in half. He cannot see the working eyebrows of the pilot or smell her perfume, because of a big block of metal between them. He does not possess x-ray vision as a human, either.
Eartha knows Leer is inside the Beetle. He is currently crawling through the other tunnel tube on his side of the cockpit. Each space flight suit functions as a set of protective clothing for the coldness of outer space and it also works as a communication devise for transmitting voice patterns to another person that was wearing the same Neptune Outlaw space flight suit, as well as, a medical monitor on each space traveler’s body.
Leer clears his throat moving through the tunnel. He said, “Yeah.”
Her voice echoes inside the tunnel from the pilot cockpit and into the transmitter of her space jumper. She ordered, “Get moving! Hurry up! I got the engines cold. We don’t wanna be late for our new Outlaw appointment with the unknown and unnamed plutonian administration.” She slips a new piece of gum into her open mouth chewing and enjoying the sweet favorite of spearmint.
“I’m coming, almost there!” Leer shouted back. He reaches the end of the tunnel seeing a smooth wall of metal with a knee-crawling ramp on the right side, turning and climbed up the ramp, crawling into the co-pilot seat. He stated with a sour frown. “I’m here.” He reaches out and straps the webbing around his body inside the soft oversized chair for body protection, storing his palmer inside the forward compartment. You do not want to fly around in zero gravity with a metal object that can smash your brains inside your bone skull.
She flips the lever inside the pilot’s chair. She shouted, “Zing it! The ship is sliding off the pier and into the water under its own power.”
The Beetle slides forward and then falls down in the water as a big splash of sea attacks all the external viewing glass windows. Then the Beetle floats on top of the water, naturally sailing head towards the center of the sea pond and the invisible air currents of the vortex.
She hits another button. She said, “Zing it! We’re floating ahead towards the radius of the sea. Attention, Controller! This is Outlaw Thirteen. We are traveling to Pluto, this morning. Do you have clearance for me to enter the radius? Copy!” She chews the gum.
The controller inside one of the windmill satellites said via the transmitter back to the Beetle cockpit. “Yes. You have recorded and cleared to enter the radius, Outlaw Thirteen. You’re the only ship to leave Neptune, this early morn. Did I hear correctly? You’re going to visit Planet Pluto.”
“Yes, we are visiting Pluto for some nasty Outlaw business. Wish us luck!” She laughed.
The controller laughed. “Actually, I don’t know what to wish for you. No one goes to the Pluto for nothing.”
Eartha smiled. “Thanks for your silly laugh and your nothing comment. I’m almost near the radius. Outlaw Thirteen, out! Leer, you need to hold onto your breakfast meal! We’re ten feet, nine feet, eight feet, seven feet, six feet…”
The Beetle ship is snatched first and then is grabbed by an invisible force like a cupped hand from the radius of the pond water.
Eartha yelled. “Ah!” The Beetle spins around and around inside a whirlpool of churning water over the Pond surface.


Neptune Vortex, within the Great Dark Spot
Starship Ride
08:18 hours/minutes
Clear and humid


The radius of the Great Dark Spot contains a vortex of invisible steam creating a vertical and an individual windstorm feeling like a water tornado, if you can record it with a set of your eyeballs. The windstorm sucks in any approaching water vessel into the radius and then swirls the ship around and around as the ship ventures up and then off the water then upwards towards outer space.
The ancient natives found the wind vortex the hard way, losing a few scouting ships, until the scientists figured out the occurring natural phenomenon over the smooth pond water of the Great Dark Spot of Neptune.
This is one reason that most of the natives of Neptune never leave their home world for a fun and adventurous outer space travel. Most of the natives are happy with fishing and sunning on the fresh water sea. The swirling activity inside the star ship is hard on the stomach and the eyeballs of each native, especially the elderly.
Eartha closes her two eyelashes leaning a skull into the soft chair. Each ear pops one at a time as the ship is lifted up from the water, through the air, and then soars upward into outer space. She chews on the bubble gum. The favorless chewing gum is a type of immediate release medical medication that relaxes the human nerves endings during the starship’s spin process heading upwards coming from the pretty blue warm water and tossing outwards into black and cold outer space waves. The chewing gum does not numb the spine cord nerves of the pilot or the co-pilot into sleep. The pilot must be always fully alert and aware pressing the thrust button for the ship to fly out of the wind vortex of the Great Dark Spot.
For traveling children, they are given a spoonful of the medication, making them sleepy and tired as the ship twirls around and around within the wind vortex, until the ship is safely launched into outer space.
The interior of the beetle ship maintains a steady atmosphere of both air and temperature for the pilot, the co-pilot, and the passengers as the twirling ship soars higher and higher up through the wind vortex for twelve miles into the troposphere. 
The troposphere of Planet Earth exhibits the same twelve miles high which leads into the planetary boundary layer and then upwards into outer space with the millions of bright twinkling stars. On Earth, the troposphere stands four miles high into outer space.
The wind vortex leads into the troposphere of Neptune which is the lowest portion of the atmosphere and then expands into a set of larger, longer invisible swirling twirls of air as the ship travels further upwards from the sea water.
The ship continues to swirl around and around out of the natural wind storm until it hits the vacuum of outer space. Then an alarm sounds inside the pilot console indicating to punch the thrust gears and soar through space towards your new destination. If the pilot does not hit the thrust button, the starship will fall back down into the wind vortex, spinning around and around as the ship descends back through the wind storm and lands on top of the water again, usually without harm to the pilot and their passengers.
Leer leans back into the head rest and closed his two eyelids chomping down on the gum as it relaxes both his mind and his nerves. It is hard for the human eyeballs to absorb the motion of moving invisible air as the ship spins around and around in a tight circle. The human mind is not programmed to absorb that much action. His body slightly sways to the right and to the left as the ship swirls around and around inside the wind vortex. His ears pop as he chews more vigorously on the gum. His nose holes slightly drain a drop of light colored mucus from hitting the colder air inside the cockpit. He does move a muscle during the vortex spin as his body is glued down into the oversized chair inside the webbing during the twirling motion.
As a kid, he received a hover swing for fun. One day, inside the rear pier all alone, he sat inside the swing, wrapped the webbing around his body, and pressed the button. The hover swing twirled around and around, without stopping. Leer had programmed the swing to spin around for one minute. As he twirled, Leer tried to scratch his nose but couldn’t lift his arm. He tried to lift his hand but couldn’t. He even tried to spread his fingers out of the fist but couldn’t either.
The swing finally stopped in place.
Leer fell out and vomited over the floor of the pier, learning a valuable lesson in his short life.
Any ship is powerless to maneuver under its own engine speed out or around the wind vortex also. Many past dead natives had tried and failed, mostly teenagers from Neptune for a sleek adventure that returned numerous dead bodies and damaged star ships. Thus, the Neptune leaders proclaim the radius is a protected area, within the sea water, for only outer space travel, inside an outer starship.
Only an outer space starship can approach the radium waters with instructor permission from a space controller located inside one of the outer space windmills. Otherwise, an Outlaw will head the runaway ship towards the open sea, without a set of guns.
If the ship invades the radius, then the fool usually dies inside outer space as he or she is ill-prepared for the scary outer space roller coaster ride and cold elements of outer space.
Inside outer space, the windmills rotate with a set of paddle-looking blades that shift and then push the supersonic galactic wind storms away from the Great Dark Spot.
The Beetle starship sounds with a loud whistle.
Eartha leans forward and presses the button wearing her set of closed eyelashes and as she is familiar with the space craft. The thrusts ignite into flame-burn speed. The ship flies forward and away from the wind vortex, within a split second of time, before the powerful winds can capture the ship for a second time. She opens her two eyelashes and places both of her gloved-hands on the steering column, slowly swinging the ship toward the southern section of the Solar System, heading to Planet Pluto.
Leer moans inside the co-pilot seat, splitting the gum in the air. The gum smashes and then sticks onto the soft compartment in front of his chest. One of the housekeeping machines will scrub the outer space bacteria and Leer’s nasty gum from the interior ship panels, after the Beetle returns home from Planet Pluto to the Outlaw base on Neptune.
Eartha smiles and steers the Beetle. She ordered, “Stay by for gravitational perturbation.”
“Right toe!” He frowned.
When a ship finally swirls out of the wind vortex of Neptune, it is not necessary to face the correct direction for space travel, since the wind vortex soars any hard object, like a starship or a soft object like a human body upwards from the sea water and then dumps it up and into the black coldness of outer space. The vortex does not care as it is a natural occurring phenomenon.


Cold and black outer space
(2.638 million space miles to Pluto)
Beetle Starship Ride
(Neptune time) 08:21 hours/minutes (early morning)


Eartha steers through a set of calm outer space winds, a direct product of the windmill pathway lane made by a set of air-born mechanical and manned windmill satellites. She asked, “Are you alright, Leer?”
“Yeah,” Leer stated. He exhales with a huff of annoyance of the morning assignments, staring into cold and black outer space, seeing the billions of bright stars in the far distance. He does not know all the star names and do not care about outer space objects either.
“We have turned and are pathing through the windmill lane to Pluto.”
“How do you know where to go?”
“Pluto is the last planet in a semi-crooked row of very large celestial bodies from the Solar Sun. Our Solar Sun stands on the northern end of the Solar System, so we are not traveling there but soaring further in a southernly direction.”
“How long to Pluto?”
“Planet Neptune is 2,794,300 miles from the Solar Sun. Dwarf Planet Pluto is 3,666,100,000 miles from the Solar Sun. So, the mathematical difference between the miles from Neptune to Pluto is 871,800,000 miles. We are flying at the recommended Outlaw flame-burn speed of 50,000,000 miles-per-hour in the Beetle starship, so we will arrive at Pluto in 17 minutes and 44 seconds.”
He frowned with a nod. “Right toe! During our long and lazy flame burn trip, I’ll entertain our eardrums with the known facts of Pluto, since I don’t know the facts of Pluto. So, I’m preparing for our invasion.” He reaches out and grabs the palmer tapping on the screen, seeing the data. “The planet is 2,794,800 miles from the Solar Sun. The world is a dark place, and a cold spot, and is whipped by supersonic winds which have been recorded at 1,500 miles per hour. The planet flips around its side every sixteen hours. Wow! That sounds so familiar to my eardrums…”
“Know that too!” She stated. She giggles with a grin transmitting the sound through both the space jumpsuits.
“The outer atmosphere is recorded at negative 424 Fahrenheit degrees. The planet is colored puke green in the middle with blue colors on the bottom southern polar axis. There are pink tones around each lobe, the love handles.”
Her giggle echoes through both of the space jumpsuits.
He laughed, “I’m a funny guy. Heat is generated from a set of massive mechanic solar windmills that ride on top of the stratosphere tips, because the stratosphere is warmer due to the elevated concentration of hydrocarbons. The mantle core consists of iconic water, where the water molecules break down into hydrogen and oxygen ions. There are 400 miles per hour wind at the equator and 250 miles per hour at each pole. That is the northern polar axis and the southern polar axis…”
“Know that too!” She stated. Her giggle echoes through both space jumpsuits.
He smiled with a nod, “The Great Dark Spot. Hey! There’s another Great Dark Spot shown in capital letters…”
Her giggle loudly echoes through both the space jumpsuits.
He frowned. “Right toe! This is a planetary description of Neptune, not Pluto. Why are we going to Pluto, again?”
She giggles turns into ugly laughter echoing through her jumpsuit. She said, “I know why.”
“Why am I going to Pluto?” He frowned.
She giggled again through her jumpsuit. “I know why.”
He taps and reads his palmer, presenting a sour frown, not desiring a space trip and a new mysterious outlaw assignment, this morning. He stated, “Pluto is a dwarf planet inside the Kuiper Belt. The Kuiper Belt is a ring of icy bodies of mass of stars, other asteroids, and moving ice cold comets with a pretty tail, the back yards of Neptune, Uranus, Saturn, and Jupiter.” His eyeballs catch a set of flying objects inside the side window of the beetle as his neck turns and twists to the objects. “I spy comets and their tails. Do you get it? A comet has a tail. There’s a nice big glob of them out there today. I like comets and their fiery tails.” He looks down at his palmer. He said with a sour frown. “Why is Pluto different from my home world?”
“The sophisticated system of the rotating windmill satellites is what made and makes it possible for dwarf planet Pluto to be inhabited by the last ancient starships from Planet Earth. Before that, the group of supersonic windstorms prevented a soaring starship to fly passed the north or south axis of Neptune and then stop to orbit around Pluto. It wasn’t until the year 2051 that the first outer space starship ever visited Pluto, three years later.”
“How do you that?” He asked. He taps on the palmer verifying her know-it-all knowledge.
She steered with a smile. “I know.”
“So, have your person met a Plutonian native before?”
“No. No one have ever met a Plutonian native before. I like to read and study all my Outlaw information.”
“Right toe!” He stated. He laughs then exhales with a huff of annoyance. “Pluto has a ten-hour rotation of day and night. Geez! I usually sleep for ten hours straight on the weekends of not working. So, we get to work within four or five hours, before sunrise and sunset.”
“We can do our outlaw job all before the setting sun. This is a simple kidnapping case. The child is probably with the other biological parent or the other biological grandparent. You heard Darsha’s words and read the electronic files on your personal palmer. There has never been a crime committed on Pluto ever. So, we go and find the missing parent of the missing child and solve this Outlaw case. Do you want to eat lunch with me on Pluto? I bet there’s a cute little diner with some fresh plutonian food.”
He plays on the palmer and presents a sour frown. Leer said, “No. What does plutonian food look like? What does it taste like?”
“Don’t know.”
“What is the population of Pluto?”
“Don’t know.”
“What are the plutonians like in culture, pics, and manners?”
“Don’t know.”
He frowned. “Right toe! We don’t know this. What does a plutonian look like or eats on or shakes with? I find all the information from Darsha both lousy and little. Why I am going to Pluto, again?”
“This is a new fun and different outlaw assignment for you, Leer. I have done numerous criminal investigations, including missing people and murdered people. You are being sent into Pluto to expand your outlaw knowledge away from the Pond. This assignment will make you a better Outlaw.”
He exhaled. “Right toe! No more lecture to me, mommy. We fly through the air and land on top of the North Pole of Pluto. Then what will happen next, Eartha?”
“We will follow our Outlaw procedures. First, we will question each eyewitness that saw the child, before the disappearance of the child. Then, we will gather all the evidence and come to a decision. Then, we will re-question or arrest any and all eyewitnesses that might help us find the missing child. Then, we use our outlaw procedures to find the child. The end. And then we fly back home to Neptune before the seventh hour of evening for…”
“That sounds easy.”
“It is. Then, home for the night, do ya wanna go with me to dinner at the Seafood House?”
“No.” He stated. He exhales with annoyance then plays on his palmer in silence while waiting on the new Outlaw assignment to begin.


Outer space orbit around Planet Pluto
(Neptune time) 08:39 hours/minutes (early afternoon of 20 full rotation hours)
(Pluto time) 96: 49 hours/minutes (early afternoon of 153 full rotation hours)


Eartha smoothly steers the Beetle through the designated wind path between the set of four massive rotating windmills, spotting the circular planet of color. She said. “We’re approaching Pluto.” She presses the button for outside communication link. “Controller of Pluto, this is Neptune ship from the Outlaw Division as you have requested from Administrator Futch of the Great Dark Spot of Neptune. May we land at the elevated docking station which is in our eye view?”
“Hello!” The male voice said via the palmer speaker box inside the ship. “Hello! I am Administrator Renato. Welcome to Pluto! Yes, you can come and stay. Yes, you can land on the space port docking platform which is located on the northern polar axis. It is at the moment empty. Please land and float down from the platform, through the warehouse floor, and into the office. The office has a solid rooftop and a room of gravity and breathable air for humans, of course.”
“Of course,” Leer laughed.
“Yes, sir.” Eartha stated. She steers the wheel through the smooth winds, venturing toward the space docking platform. “I am approaching the docking platform to land. We will be there shortly. Thank you, Administrator Renato.”
Leer looks up from the screen on his personal palmer then gasps at the object. He asked, “Is that the planet of Pluto?”
“Yes.”
He frowned. “It…it has color.”
She steers the Beetle to the platform. Eartha said. “All the planets have some type of color, little boy Leer. Your home world of Uranus is colored in aqua with cute pink tinted patches of ice. Neptune is tinted in bands of lavender, white clouds, turquoise, and dark blue hues. Mars looks dull red hue, but the surface dry dirt particles are comprised of true butterscotch shades including gold, brown, red, orange, and yellow tones. My home world of Earth appears dark blue, dark green, dull tan, and white hue of fluffy clouds…”
“Naw,” he stated. He shakes his cropped blonde hair. “I mean, the planet is surrounded in colors of pink, blue, green, red, yellow.” He narrows his two eyelids and then sounds with a gasp. “The colors looked like a set of horizontal bands that surround the entire planet.” He looks down and taps on his palmer. “That is not the dull and boring looking photography on my palmer. The photograph on my palmer shows a set of atmospherically white ice clouds that is underneath a dark brown ice surface.”
She steers tilting the ship towards the docking platform. Eartha said, “That photography is old, ancient. Pluto is definitely not a scene of white clouds and a light brown icy surface. The surface is composed of bands of pretty and heated colors. I see that too with wonderment and intrigue. Well, we will update the outlaw database when we return home to the Pond about the current condition of pretty far out there Pluto.”
“Wow.” He laughed. “We found new life on Pluto. We should call someone.”
“We are someone. We are the Outlaws. And we’re here to find a little lost child.”
“Right toe!” Leer said. He points at the object through the wind shield presenting a smile and a head nod. “Is that the docking platform?”
“That’s the Northern Polar Axis. And I know that you’re a home boy of Neptune, Leer. But yes, that is a docking platform in outer space. And we lucked out the platform is empty at the moment, too.”
He frowned. “I know that. And I know what a space dock is and does, Outlaw Eartha. However, that docking platform is a long, rectangular-shaped slab in dull white concrete materials hanging in space like a balloon that’s attached to a building. Wow! That docking warehouse doesn’t have a rooftop. Why doesn’t it have a rooftop over the floor of the warehouse? Do all boxes and crates of shipment from the spaceship float up and fly away into outer space and beyond the stars? How is this all possible, Eartha?”
She exhales with confusion and stares at the roofless warehouse too. Eartha said, “I don’t know. And I did not receive any more controller instructions for landing the Beetle.”
“Land on top of only hanging piece of rectangular-shaped slab in dull white concrete.”
“Hold on!” Eartha ordered. She reduces the air speed on the ship, slowing pacing in low flame over the slab of concrete, without landing.
Leer laughs inside the co-pilot bubble shield as the silly sound echoes through the two space jumpsuits. He asked, “Did you mean to miss the flat, large, and wide landing platform, Eartha?”
She studies the docking port for a prime spot close to the edge of the platform. Eartha said, “A starship always parks in the direction of its next space launch flight, in case, for the need of a swift escape from someone or something, Outlaw Leer.”
Leer laughed. “Right toe! Do you think that we will get kicked off the planet for something illegal?”
“I wanna be ready for something.” Eartha stated. She halts the ship directly over the center of concrete for a parking spot, pressing the button as the underbelly panel slid sideways. A set of four squat metal legs lower down from the underbelly and sits on top of the concrete. The Beetle wobbles side to side from the maneuver then stabilizes into dead weight.
He turns and presses his nose bridge against the cold window seeing only the rough concrete with a worried brow. He said into his space jumpsuit. “Uh, Eartha! Is our only space transport back home to Neptune stable on the top of this slab of concrete, without a net or a rope? Will it fall off the long slab of concrete and drop foreverly down into eternally outer space? Because, we’ll never find and capture the beetle in our outlaw issued space suits and we will have no transport ship home to the Pond.”
She pushes and presses a series of levers and buttons stabilizing the space craft on top of the hanging outer space docking platform. Eartha said, “No, Leer. The pads of the four legs have a set of sharp points that are anchored down deeply into the beaten concrete surface. I can see that the concrete has been used and abused for decades, maybe centuries with other ship footprints. Now, if we do a swift exit, without raising the four legs, they will stay behind and we will be safe, flying back home to the Pond, I promise.”
Leer looks up with a confused frown to see a topless warehouse showing on his side of the Beetle ship. He said, “Yeah, a small sacrifice for my life.”
“Mine, too!” Eartha whispered for her eardrums only. She presses the button as the Beetle ship douches the fire flame into silence. “Okay. The Beetle is asleep and resting for our trip back home, hopefully later this afternoon. So, gear up in a space suit, first. Some of the more modern space ports have an upright walk-through tunnel with both air and gravity into a nice warm-feeling reception area, like Jupiter, but not here, I see. So, we gotta space walk down from the hanging docking platform and through cold and black outer space, and down onto the warehouse floor. And bring your palmer, too. We might need some of Darsha’s information on it for our child kidnapping investigation and house it inside your space suit. The mechanic unit can withstand tons of outer space radiation molecules, but I don’t want it damaged before we begin our assigned outlaw duty. I won’t open the twin doors until we’re both suited up. And we will use the co-pilot hatchway which faces the warehouse. Okay!”
“Right toe.” Leer stated. He slaps the palmer onto his space jumpsuit into one of many open and sticky slots, spinning around and crawls down from the co-pilot chair onto his hands and his kneecaps. He sounds with a set of heavy grunts of annoyance moving through the hard metal and then reaches the end, exiting through the high open arch. He stands in silence moving ahead to the space suit locker beside his nose profile.
Eartha is dressing in silence, double checking the air tank gauge and the compartments for any sign of leakage.
Space suit technology is remarkably safe and advanced. The outer space suit is constructed as one piece like a body cast. The space suit stands like an old-fashioned Gingerbread Man cookie-shaped in the appearance dull white hue. The head space part represents a transparent space helmet and as the space traveler can see forwards, sideways, and behind too. The hole displays the human face and requires a thick glass-coated face mask covering the two eyeballs, two nose holes, the two lips, and chin. Else all the necessary air molecules escape into outer space and then the human quickly dies of suffocation. The face mask lounges on a tether line away from the space suit for a forgetful human.
The tone of white hue is still an important color to see and rescue a stranded pilot or an outer spacer during a work assignment among the blackness of space.
The space suit contains a helmet, two thick arm units, two thick leg units, and a combined torso and hip unit that pulls apart on one side. If you rest the space suit flat on top of the floor onto its curvy artificial back spine, it opens upwards on one side like a closet in the shape of a human body for some mentally sick Halloween costume party. A human will stand the space suit upright like a storage locker, pulling open the one-sided compartment door and then slips inside it like a winter coat.
There are two methods of closure of the space suit. There is an interior handle to pull toward your body as the automatic hydraulics takes over closing up the jumpsuit with a side of white snapping latches.
Or you press the automatic button. Then the open side of space suit folds over and snaps down a set of individual latches over the body unit of the space suit at your collar bone, underneath your armpits, at your waistline, at your hip bones and the lower portion of the legs without hitting your kneecap, shins or toe bones.
The modern space suit does not require a pair of magnetic boots or a set of separate hand gloves, since the space suit is one piece unit that contains all the needed equipment parts. There is an interior control button that simulates gravity forcing the space suit down on top of any microgravity environment for work or walking around Planet Earth for fun.
Currently, the cargo bay of the Beetle ship holds a very low gravity field for dragging the heavy space suit from its protective locker, over the floor, and onto a human body.
Leer slaps the space suit locker door.
The door slides open.
He grabs a large space suit scooting it across the smooth metal with ease through the low gravity air molecules as it stands and slightly wiggles alone in the air like a balloon. The space suit comes in varied sizes from an extra-tiny for an infant to an extra-extra large for a giant adult. However, inside the Beetle starship, there is only one of each size space suit. But a small human can wear a larger space suit, since the space suit is used mainly for air supply and the survival of the warm-blooded person.
Leer jerks open one side of body cast, without hearing a crack of material between his ears, presenting his smile. The side latches are well-maintained and well-oiled. He slips between the semi-cushioned black colored layer of softness, protecting his delicate human parts from a compact crash or a wobble dance through outer space. Leer wiggles side to side lining both his arms inside the separate arm sleeves. He wiggles and adjusts both his legs inside the two separate legs sleeves. His bone skull touches the rear lining feeling a tickling sensation on the rear of his neck, like a delicate touch from a soft hand of a sweet pretty female.
When a human body is aligned into one piece space suit, a left hand presses a button. The button virtually inspects the space suit from a human neck down to a pair of human’s booted feet for any protruding human parts, such like, a human finger or a human hand or a human foot. If a heat signature and a dark shadow are identified, the space suit does not close shut.
The safe alarm works too properly. Since, a little kid enjoys shifting the human finger into the folded material during the palmer system inspection process, making the space suit beep with false alarms and ring with loud whistles.
Of course, the parents find it both scary and annoying.
Leer grabs the interior handle inside the torso shell when the palmer control functions takes over and then closes the body cast shut snapping a set of the open latches down with a sound of tiny pings. He pressed the button. The face mask emerges from a deep secret slot on the side leg. The face mask is tethered to a rope for access and safety. He reaches out and grabs the flowing rope slowly pulling the floating face mask into the empty space, missing the hole.
Eartha has selected and dresses into an oversized space suit too. The space suit is made for a larger human, such like, a male rather than her slender statue. However, she is walking in outer space to see the Administrator of Pluto regarding a missing human child. The extra-large space suit makes Eartha appear both intimidating and fearless. She hovers in the air waves in front of the closed door next to the co-pilot hatchway clapping her thick space gloves for entertainment. She smiled. “Go, Leer! Get it, Leer! You’re almost there. Do it, to it, Leer!”
The face mask bumps into the hole than slides into place activating the snaps. He tosses both of his space arms in the air then drops them down to his side. He smiled. “I’m ready for our outer space walk.” Eartha reaches down and slaps the button on the side wall. Both of the cargo door slid open revealing outer space environment.
The massive volume of blackness of outer space dominates the square-shaped hatchway inside the tiny ship as a pair of eyeballs moves down to see the far, far stationary warehouse.
Eartha swings around and presses the thruster button forward floating off the lip on the hatchway and over the rough surface of the marred concrete. She stated with a stern face and a serious tone. “The hanging space dock platform is both flat and straight, leading into the dead outer space molecules. I’m flying off the platform, following a smooth flowing transport carrier of individual concrete slabs that drop down at an obtuse angle of 120 degrees. Watch out!”
Leer stands in the co-pilot hatchway, holding onto the frame, wearing a confused brow. He stated, “The door is open. Do you want me to close it?”
She floats down at an angle towards a moving transport system of concrete slabs, disappearing from the edge of the hanging space port platform. Eartha ordered. “Leave it open! We don’t have any special equipment or a set of weapons to steal. If someone cares to steal and take all those folded and heavy individual sleeping cots which are hidden inside the rear of the beetle, then we would arrive, about thirty minutes faster, back home to the Pond.”
He presses the thruster button forward inside the space suit and floats off the lip of the open co-pilot hatchway and over the rough concrete, following the same space path as Eartha. He laughed. “Then, let’s dump all that stuff on top of the magically floating concrete slab. We ain’t getting paid for our outlaw duty. So, we will pay Pluto instead. I wanna get home faster at a greater rate of thirty minutes. I’m right behind you on the same path, dropping off the hanging space port platform. Did you see that wiggling gel of colors? The gel is wiggling but not moving away from the hanging platform. What is that stuff?”
Eartha floats in the air and slowly swing around to see the hanging space port platform from a further distance. Her acute eyeballs and as her sharp brain cells are confused. She spoke into her space suit to Leer. “I see it. Don’t touch it, either. I don’t know. The wiggling gel lines the entire bottom of the rectangular hanging space port platform from the front to the back like a cushion of air and like it is keeping the huge piece of concrete in the air. But it’s not air. Outer space doesn’t have air or a set of wiggling things.” She floats in the air then spins around to see the transport system and finally faced the warehouse building. “And the wiggling colored gel on the platform is attached to more wiggling colored gel that is wiggling and moving underneath each slab of concrete which is coming down from the hanging space port platform like magic or something. It looks like the wiggling gel is part of a massive transport system that moves with a set of individual flat slab of white colored concrete. Zing it. This is so strange. However, the concrete is only a slab of concrete. I don’t see any merchandise boxes or crates on top of the slab of concrete. Well, that’s normal. There isn’t a space freighter, only our beetle parked on top of the space port platform. I guess there isn’t a shipment of new imports to Pluto, this morning.”
“This is really weird.” Leer floats through outer space dancing below a set of individual flat concrete slabs, narrowing his eyelids and studies the wiggling gel. The gel is moving without sound. But there is no sound in outer space. The gel moves like a flowing river stream down from the edge of hanging space port platform in a continuous flow through outer space and down onto the warehouse floor. He said, “Well, I’m impressed with beauty and scared with the mystery. What is this stuff?”
“I don’t know. I’m continuing to follow the path of the individual empty concrete slabs over the wiggling gel. It is leading me down and into a topless warehouse. My feet are leveling out and even with the floor of the warehouse, which is made of more individual flat slabs of solid white colored concrete too. The warehouse structure is also very strange looking. It is only a set of four skinny poles of concrete, without a rooftop, a set of solid walls, a set of entrance doors, and a set of viewing windows. It is only a hollow outline of a warehouse like they didn’t finish the building construction due to the lack of credits. The bottom of the floor of the warehouse consists of the wiggling gel too. Actually, the wiggling gel is a continuous flow of liquid from the outer space port platform, through outer space, and sliding underneath the warehouse floor. Zing it! This is so odd. Do not touch the wiggling colored gel.”
“I am not touching anything. I am a few feet behind you.”
Eartha looks up to see the motion. She said with a puzzled brow and a hand wave. “I see our contact, the administrator. I’m visually acknowledging his wave back. He’s standing beside an entrance portal into an office space, waving us down. Okay. I go first. You follow behind me. I don’t think our palmer communication system is able to talk with him from our space suit. So, we have to strip down for a cold introduction.”
“What next?”
“I guess the administrator will escort us to his business office first and then we can start the interview process with a set of scheduled plutonian eyewitnesses. Wait! He’s on fire. Do you see that?” Eartha halts and hovers in the air presenting a confused brow at the Pluto administrator. “What’s he wearing over his body? He’s bouncing up and down in the air too like he’s in pain or something. Zing it!”
“He stands in zero gravity. We all bounce up and down with a thrust motor for flying forward, backward, and down from outer space. The wiggling gel is all over his body. Is he alive or dead?”
She exhaled with a sour frown. “He’s waving his hand. I guess he’s alive, not dead. He also wears a see through face mask like us. He is human. I can see his face. He got two eyeballs and a mouth. His lips are moving too. Could his space suit be made of wiggling gel too? Zing it. This is so odd.”
“Over there behind his ass, I see a single entrance door with a vacuum chamber. You go first. I’ll watch Mr. Pluto Administrator for any trouble or a chopping block martial art maneuver and protect your face mask,” he laughed.
“Thanks, Leer! I’m moving toward the archway.” Eartha stated. She halts in the air and wears a puzzled brow, hovering before the open archway. “Wait! The archway is completely surrounded by the wiggling gel of colors pink, green, blue, red, and yellow, also. I mean the entire outside door frame is covered in the wiggling gel stuff. The exterior concrete slab that holds the door frame is covered also. And the two short side solid walls, the glass front door, and the ceiling of the exterior door are covered in the wiggling gel. I don’t know.”
“I do know. I can see that the enclosed air pocket inside the vacuum chamber does not display any of the wiggling gel, which is good. So, the exterior vacuum door was smashed with a ten feet tall monster with a set of attached tentacles for some reason eons ago. Go inside the chamber and float in mid-air, waiting on the vacuumed air to suck out, without touching the exterior archway of the door of wiggling gel. Right toe!”
“Right toe!” Eartha repeated. She floats through the air and halts between the two door frames of wiggling gel, without touching the glass door for automatic activation, since the door is designed to sense her body heat. The exterior glass vacuum chamber door closes shut behind her back spine.
The enclosed tiny room is a vacuum chamber as the outer space molecules are sucked back out into space sounding a set of soft tings. Then a new set of pings sound bringing inside the vacuum chamber depositing a pocket of breathable air for a human as the set of wiggling pretty gel remains outside the exterior archway of outer space. The interior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides open.
She presses the thruster button forward inside the space suit and floats through the air into a new room, without landing down on the hard surface. She is more cautious with a first time visit to strange Pluto.
The voice of a female sounds via through a speaker box. “Attention! Attention! The room holds gravity and breathable air.”
The interior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides shut for the next human to enter into the warehouse office.
Eartha presses the gravity button and then quickly releases the button stopping and floats her space suit a few inches from the floor and around the room inside her space suit, slowly swinging around to see her Outlaw partner. She wears a puzzled brow.
Leer hovers outside in the zero gravity of outer space, watching the Pluto administrator.
Renato does not have the vocal capability inside his wiggling gel space suit to speak directly to Leer. Instead, he relies on the silence method of two hand signals. He motions for Leer to enter the vacuum chamber next.
Leer turns to see that the chamber as the chamber is empty without another life form or Eartha. He slowly maneuvers to the door archway and halts in the air. The door slides open from his heat signature, a common sensor indicator for the delicate human being that cannot breathe outer space molecules.
The outer rim of the door archway is covered in a set of wiggling colored gel of pink, red, blue green, and yellow tiny particles. It looks both beauty and dangerous.
Leer exhales with a huff of worry, pressing down the thruster button forward, slowing moving into the center of the small vacuum chamber, without a set of the wiggling gel of pretty colors.
The exterior glass vacuum chamber door slides close behind his ass, cutting off more of drifting inward outer space molecules.
The mechanics vacuum and suck out the deadly outer space molecules sounding with a set of tiny tings. Then a new sound of tiny pings replaces the enclosed vacuum room with mixed oxygen for a human. Then the interior glass covered vacuum chamber door slides open.
Leer exhales with a huff of relief pressing the thruster button forward inside the space suit, moving through the archway and hovers in front of Eartha. He smiled, “Good, so far!”
“Cautious, so far!”
He winks at her. Leer said. “Right toe. I’m beginning to wish that Darsha had volunteered another pair of Outlaws for this criminal assignment.”
She frowned. “We are the best pair of outlaws for the job. I…”
Then the interior glass covered vacuum chamber door slides shut.
The plutonian administrator Renato moves ahead and then hovers in front of the closed glass door. The exterior glass covered vacuum door opens based on his heat signature too. He enters the vacuum chamber and then lands on top of the naked concrete floor. The exterior glass covered vacuum door slides shut cutting off the outer space molecules. His space suit of wiggling gel quickly peels out from his physical body, slapping against the ceiling, the floor, the two side walls, the front and rear glass door. Then the wiggling gel immediately freezes in place around the enclosed vacuum chamber but not on Renato. Renato does not possess one wiggling molecule of colored gel from his unique space suit.
Instead, he wears a sleeveless shirt and a light weight pair of trousers with a pair of naked feet in the color of light aquamarine, standing on top of the frozen gel inside the enclosed vacuum chamber, holding his transparent face mask in one hand. The interior glass covered vacuum door slides open.
Renato moves out from the vacuum chamber and into the new room, presenting a smile and a nod, waving both of his hands at the rear skull on Leer and the hidden face of Eartha. He explained, “The room contains both hard gravity and fresh air.” He inhales a heavy breath to show the two Outlaws that the environment is safe to peel off the outer space suits.
Eartha sees the slight motion on top of the floor as her eyelashes dart to Renato. She said, “Okay. Renato is outta of his weird space suit and hyperventilating over the floor showing us. It is a safe room to remove our space suit gear. Let me land first…”
“I’m the male here.” Leer frowned.
“I’m the leader here.” Eartha stated. She presses the gravity button as the space suit lowers down and touches down on top of the floor. She presses the interior button. Her face mask clicks open slowly detaching then floating into the air on a tether line. She presses a second button. Her space suit cracks open. She inhales a puff of air feeling fresh oxygen. She said. “Okay. The air’s safe for breathing. Come on down, Leer!” She gasps with a worried brow, without stepping out from the suit and standing on the hard surface with a pair of space boots. “Ah! The floor tiles are superheated. It’s hot. I feel heat coming from the floor on the bottom of my feet while inside my space suit. Why? How? What’s happening to me?”
Leer presses the gravity button as the space suit lands and wobbles side to side over the floor, cracking open the space suit, releasing the face mask from the helmet. The face mask floats in the air. He stated, “What’s wrong? Ouchy! I feel heat.” He slowly lifts each heated space suit foot in the air then dances side to side over the floor. He said with a confused brow. “The floor is heated. Or my space is not working properly, but I didn’t see any flashing indicator lights of trouble.”
Renato stands in place, wearing a pair of naked feet. He said with a smile and a nod. “I am so sorry. The metal-like material from your outer space suit is gathering and collecting the heated elements from the floor. Heat rises. Therefore, the heat is rising over the man-made material and spreading inside your personal space suit. You must exit from your space suit and walk around on your naked feet. You come from the Great Dark Spot, a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune.” He wiggles a set of naked toes, presenting a chuckle and a smile.
Her space suit continues to stand and burns on top of the hard surface inside the new room with her inside as Eartha looks down to see the pretty colored hard surface of the floor, shifting a heated space boot side to side inside her space suit. She said, “Pardon me! What did you say?”
“I beg your feet.” Leer laughed, “Naw! We work and wear a space jumpsuit for such a function.” He depresses the gravity button lifting the space suit up from the heated floor and slaps on the hover mode inside the space suit. The suit floats a few inches from the heated floor. Leer smashes the button as the space suit cracks open. He leaps out and lands on top of the hard surface moving around the rear of the space suit, slapping open an exterior compartment. He shouted. “Ouchy, again! The floor was heated underneath my space boots too.” He dances side to side in his space boots, wearing a worried brow.
Eartha depresses the gravity button and lifts the space suit from the heated floor slapping the suit into hover mode also like Leer. She does not want to burn or ruin the space suit, since it is needed for working in outer space. Her space suit and her body float a few inches from the hard surface too. She smashes the button as the space latches pull away opening the side unit on the suit. She slips out dropping down on top of the floor, dancing side to side from the heat. She wears a worried brow as the heat attacks her space boots of fabric too. She dances around the space suit smashing open an exterior compartment on the rear of the space suit.
Renato stands in place, wiggling his naked toes, nodding with a smile at the two silly Outlaws. He stated, “You must walk around on the hard surface of Pluto with a set of naked feet like me. The elements gather and collect the heat which will rise up and onto any non-organic material like a pair of shoes or a pair of space boots. Please remove your space boots before you damage the soles of your feet.” He spins around and moves to the front of the wall, where the entrance door, with the vacuum chamber, is located, stopping in front of the smooth portion of wall. He presses the wall.
A hidden door slides open.
He stands admiring the new objects. Renato stated, “There is an array of clothes inside this closet. What colors do you prefer?”
“What are you talking about, an array of clothing? I have a light blue space jumpsuit from my working job which I’m supposed to work in for my working job.” Leer spins around and scoots to the long table with a set of two sitting chairs and an assortment of dishes of food, sliding down into the hard chair, lifting up and pulls off each space boot. He slowly dips his big toe down onto the hard surface and connects to the surface. He smiled. “Ah! Right toe! This is so nice. The heat of the floor feels very nice and very pleasure to my big toe. Who wouldn’t thunk it here on Pluto?”  He looks up with a smile to see his Outlaw partner.

Eartha reaches up and grabs her palmer within the floating space suit, leaping up and then down through the air and sits inside a hard chair next to Leer, removing both the space boots. She lifts up and wiggles her naked toes in the air, looking down at the hard surface, slowly dropping her feet down on the floor. She said with a smile. “Hmm! My feet feel nicely good. The floor is slightly warm, but the air is slightly cold. Where do we start with the missing child, Administrator Renato?”
Renato stands in front of the wardrobe closet, presenting a smile and a nod, pointing to a rack of new the clothes. “I offer a suggestion that you wear those particular clothing items. You will find them exceptionally comfortable.”
“Why would you do that, sir?” Leer asked. He turns with a confused brow to see the open closet of pretty sissy looking clothes.
“We need to leave and meet with the key eye witnesses first like the mother of the missing child, now.” Eartha touches both her naked feet over the heated floor. She feels anxiously anticipation and slightly nervousness of the moment.
Renato touches one of the clothing items his hand. “What color do you like to wear, young lady? We have the colors of pastel green, blue, yellow, and other fun colors.”
Leer fans his face and wears a sour frown. He stated, “Woo! I’m getting hot and heated and bothered in here and it’s not from Eartha, either.” He laughs slowly standing, looking down at his feet, wiggling the toes. “The floor is making me hot, hot, hot…”
Renato smiles at the rack of clothing and exhibits a head nod. “Yes, you are wearing a heavy space jumpsuit to insulate your body parts in the coldness of outer space. Here on Pluto, the elements keep us all warm and happy. Come and try one of these more comfortable outfits on, sir!”
Leer looks up and smiles. He stated, “Right toe! What are these sissy clothes for?” He moves ahead with a sour frown to the closet, stopping next to Renato. “What’s this? Why’s this?” He reaches out and touches one clothing item on the rack.
Eartha stands and wears a sour frown, shifting side to side over the warm floor on her naked feet, sounding with a sneer. She asked, “Where does the mother of the missing child live? We need to leave now.”
Renato said with a smile and a nod to Leer, addressing Eartha’s question, holding his face mask in his hand. “I will escort you to the house of the missing child. But first, you must dress into one of the more comfortable clothing items. You will find that your naked feet are not the only body parts that get warmed. The floor is heated. Heat rises. I know that you will like the style and the feel. Try one!”
Leer smiled. “The fabric’s soft and light weight. This is all new.”
Renato points to the rack of clothing items. “Inside a room, the air is cool. But the floor is heated, making for a perfectly balanced combination. Why didn’t you go and pick one out and then try it on?”
Leer selects the color of light blue outfit, pulling it off the rack and measures the item over his thick and heavy space jumpsuit. He stated with a smile. “I like the color of light blue. Hmm! I guess it should fit. I see two separate clothing pieces, a sissy V-neckline of a sleeveless shirt and a pair of matching trousers. Does everyone wear this?”
Renato viewed Leer. “The V-neckline on the sleeveless shirt is called a tunic, because it slips over the skull, without effort. And it does not have a set of buttons or a set of snaps or a metal zipper. Yes, all the natives of Pluto enjoy and wear the two piece outfit, even the ladies. Now, why didn’t you to and try it on for the correct size, Outlaw Leer?”
Eartha fans her face from the accumulating sweat and heat inside the tight fitting and heavy space jumpsuit, too, wearing a sour frown. She asked, “Renato, have the parents received a money ransom note? Do we know if the child is still alive? Do you know where the child might be on Pluto?”
Leer reaches out and pulls out an electric sky blue outfit, also, nodding with a smile. He stated. “I like the slightly darker blue too, which isn’t a dark blue.” He removes the light blue outfit and places the electric sky blue one over his space jumpsuit, presenting a chuckle and a nod. “I like this one too. Hmm! I don’t know which one to choose.”
Renato points to the wall. He stated, “There is a single dressing room for such a major decision. Please go down to the end of the wall and tap on the flush seamed door. The dressing room will open and reveal itself. You are welcome to model both of the colors on your body, sir. I am partial to the light blue outfit. But it is your decision.”
Eartha slowly moves around the floor as her feet continue to stay warm. But both the upper and the lower body parts are sharing the sweat balls along with her wet face, her two underarm pits, her back spine, and between both her legs inside her heavy, tight-fitting space jumpsuit. She looks at the rear balding skull on Renato and sneers. She stated. “We’re wasting time. The child’s in danger. I need to speak to the mother of the missing child, right now.”
Leer spins around with a smile, bouncing down along the solid wall, going by the vacuum chamber door, and stops at the flush seamed door, slamming his fingers within a tiny seam of space. The dressing room door slides open. He enters the new room humming new tune of music. The door closes shut.
He hangs the two separate clothing outfits on a set of protruded hangers, stripping out of the tight fitting and heated space jumpsuit. His body is sweaty from the heated floor, coming through his naked feet. He rips it off the rack and wiggles into the electric sky blue outfit first. There isn’t a mirror for the vanity presentation. He presses the soft fabric down his body, presenting a smile. He shouted to Eartha and Renato. “I like the electric sky blue one. The trousers only have an elastic band, without a belt. I guess the design is okay. But the fabric is soft and light weight. Yeah, I feel tons better. My body is actually cool instead of heated. I think I will try on the light blue outfit. Do I wear my underwear underneath the trousers, too?” He chuckles.
Eartha gasps with shock then moves across the floor to the hidden door on the dressing room. She shouted with a sour frown. “Do not remove your underwear, Leer, for any reason? Get out of there, now. We need to leave and visit the mother of missing child. That’s why we’re here to find a missing child.”
Leer chuckled. “Right toe! Me and you can do that later tonight. I guess.” He wiggles out of the electric sky blue outfit and tries on the light blue outfit, pressing both his hands down the soft fabric. He stated with a grin and a nod. “I like. Did you hear me? I like the light blue much better. Right toe! I’m ready for my presentation. Are you ready, too?”
She stops in front of the closed door and performs a lady sneer. Eartha ordered, “Get outta of the closet, now, Leer!”
The dressing door slides open. Leer stands in the archway presenting a smile and a nod. He asked, “What do you think, Eartha?”
She gasps at the set of sissy flowing pastel colored outfit on manly Leer and then sneers. Eartha yelled, “Zing it! You’re dressed or whatever. Let’s move out and find the missing child, our outlaw assignment!”
Leer moves ahead from the closet and softy chuckles then stops, standing in the middle of room. He is ready to dive into the Outlaw assignment. He also believes the Outlaw work on Planet Pluto will be fun and amusing for the day, too.
Renato selects the mint green outfit, spinning around, moving to Eartha. He presents a smile and a nod. He stated, “You will need to exchange your heavy duty space jumpsuit for this light weight outfit, too, miss. You will be sweaty and smelly during your short stay on Pluto, I promise.” He leans over and hands the clothes to Eartha.
Eartha wipes the sweat balls from her wet face and reaches out wiping her dirty sweat onto his naked hand. She grabs the clothing item and sounds a puff of frustration. She said, “Fine! Fine! Fine!” She does not want to admit how hot and sweaty her interior body parts are getting inside the heavy space jumpsuit, swinging around and moves into an empty dressing room. The door closes shut.
She strips off her space jumpsuit hanging it on another protruded hook beside Leer’s. She dresses pressing both her wet hands down the soft and light weight fabric, exhaling with a puff of comfort. She whispered for her eardrums only. “Yeah! This is much better. The mint green is a pretty color, too.” Eartha exhales with a puff of responsibility and annoyance, slapping the door open presenting a sour frown with serious Outlaw business.
She moves ahead through the archway, stops, and stands in the middle of the room beside Leer, wiggling her naked toes over the warm floor and sneers into his nose profile. She stated, “Now, we look for and find the missing child. I have tons of questions that need addressing.”
Leer turns and scans the room. He stated. “Right toe! This place is very nice.”
The room is circular in design and pretty. The entire interior of the room is a duplicate of the tiny particles of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow wiggling gel. The same wiggling gel flows outside in outer space. It is underneath the warehouse floor and the hanging space port platform. The frozen gel covers the domed ceiling, the curved walls, the flat floor, and make up all the pieces of curved furniture, including the curved eating platters and rounded tumblers of drink, too.
The front entrance wall is straight across holding vacuum chamber door on the solid wall of colored tiny particles of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow gel also.
The rear space of the room is a solid wall of frozen gel holding a medium high wall-to-wall continuous counter with piles of steaming food trays, a heap of eating platters, and a set of drinking tumblers. There is a tall center piece of frozen gel of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow tiny particles in front of the counter on the floor that stands between the piles of food trays. The centerpiece is shaped into a tall swirling design like an art piece. There are two sitting chairs in-between the center piece.
Each side wall inside the curved room displays a set of windows, showing off the exterior features of Pluto. Below each viewing window of Pluto, there are an assortment of sitting furniture, curved and rounded. There is a smooth rounded table between each sitting seat. On top of the table, there are a smaller centerpiece of the same frozen colored gel, like an art piece of frozen whipped gel, made by a child.
Eartha moves ahead and sits down in one of the sitting chairs, ignoring the platters of food, tapping on her palmer for the proper Outlaw procedure for a missing child. She stated, “Renato, have you bothered to interview any of the eye witnesses like the mother of the missing child? Can I have the written or verbal testimonies, please? So, I can start this investigation, right now.”
Leer turns and moves ahead to the nearest window, wearing a smile. He stated. “Wow! The planet of Pluto is both pretty and inflamed. I thought, I mean that old photography inside my palmer shows a whitish snowball of dirty light brown methane ice, since Pluto is thirty-six billion miles from Earth. I could see all the bands of color from outer space inside the ship. But this eye bird view is much, much better. I think that I can see the individual tiny particles as they glitter over the liquid landscape and above outer space, looking like a dull light of red and green and blue and yellow. And is this right? I can see each individual band of color that flows side to side across this hard rock soil of Pluto.” He sidesteps closer presenting a smirk and a chuckle towards a long counter with the numerous piles of steaming food trays.
Renato stated, “Thank you! The natives are proud of Pluto too.” Renato turns and moves ahead sitting in an empty chair next to Eartha, looking down at her blonde hair roots as she taps on her palmer for information. He smiled. “Pluto was formed over billions and billions of years ago by a set of volcanoes. However, all the ancient volcanoes are still active. The volcanoes do not spew out a flying field of red angry magna or a patch of grayish colored flying lava bombs like Earth. Instead, the nitrogen streams out red, pink, blue, green, and yellow tiny particles of colored lava, the prettiest in the universe.”
Leer sidesteps again then touches the counter with his hip and his grin reaching out and grabs a piece of food. He draws the fruit into his mouth, chewing and stares through the window with a confused brow. He asked, “Where are the volcanoes pits here? I cannot see any from here. The five moons of Pluto have some super weird shapes and more irrational orbits around the Sun. Moon Nix flips over and over. Moon Hydra tumbles side to side. Moon Charon is in a tidal lockdown with Pluto facing each other, all the same time, like a pair of wrestling brothers.” He softly chuckles at his silly joke and grabs a second piece of fresh fruit chewing the juicy food item.
“Could the kidnapped child have been taken to one of Pluto’s moon like Charon, Nix, Hydra, Kerberos, or Styx?” Eartha asked. She frowns down at her palmer.
Renato continues to stare at the cropped blonde hair roots on Eartha. He stated, “I am impressed, sir. You are a studied man. Yes. Both the weird shapes and elliptical orbits of each moon contribute to the steady flow of lava over the surface of Pluto. Many of our scientist believed that irrational orbits whip around and bombard Pluto with a set of continuous gravity waves, making our atmosphere almost like the gravity of Earth. And the pretty lava is made of cool flames too. You can actually touch it.”
“I guess not. There isn’t a colony on the moons to fly and live on top of the dusty rock.” Eartha stated.
Leer stated, “No thanks! I’m not touching lava or heat or pretty lava or cool flames. That sounds like an oxymoron, a cool flame. Nope!” He stares through the window studying the landscape of Pluto presenting a head nod and a soft chuckle. “The bands are swirling and moving over the ground like a pretty flowing river of color. The color gleams in the air current of zero gravity. How is this all possible?” He swallows the last of the fruit reaching over and grabs a piece of fresh bread. He brings the bread into an open mouth, chewing and studying the landscape of Pluto.
“Is there a set of bad townships or villages within Pluto, where the kidnapper could have taken the child like a warehouse with a rooftop?” Eartha asked.
Renato smiles down at the blond hair roots on Eartha. He stated, “Yes, you are very observant, sir. The bands are actually swirling around the entire planet of Pluto. As the volcanoes spew the pretty colored lava, it settles over the rock which is the real landscape on Pluto. And then the lava just flows and circles within a specific colored band around and around Pluto for its fun and our amusement.”
Eartha stares down at her palmer, tapping for information on Pluto. She yelled, “Zing it! The kid is not located or residing on any of the Pluto’s moons. There are no bad villages on Pluto. So that means, that the parent or the parents or the grandparents of the child must be a suspect. We need to visit the mother of the child.”
“Touché,” Leer stated. “What’s this place, this room inside the warehouse? Why’s it called a warehouse? Wow, one of the slabs of concrete just broke off from the warehouse. It’s running away, far way. It is flowing over the river of pretty lava. O no! Is Pluto a stable rock?” He whispered for his eardrums with a sad frown. “I am going to die, before I receive the Fire Star.” He reaches over and grabs a different piece of food, chewing and staring at the landscape of Pluto.
“Since, there is not an Outlaw unit here. Do you act as the investigator for the kidnapping, Renato?” Eartha asked. She looks up with a confused brow to see Renato.
Renato smiled with a nod to Eartha. “Don’t worry, sir. That is a very normal occurrence around here. We use the individual square shaped slabs of concrete with the flowing horizontal bands of pretty lava as the primary transport system around Pluto. This is the lounge room for the workers at the warehouse. The warehouse is a storage station for all the imported items from the other colonies by star ship.”
“By starship?” Eartha stated. She gasps with a worried brow at Renato. “Then, the missing child could have been transported off Pluto by a single and independent star ship like a space pirate. When did the last star ship to leave Pluto, Renato?”
Renato smiled at Eartha. “The last star ship left from the warehouse yesterday.”
Leer reaches out and touches the glass window feeling the coldness of outer space, removing his hand, before receiving a burn. He asked, “Where did you get those crazy space suits? They matched the bands of pretty lava.”
Renato smiled at Eartha. “It is the pretty lava. The lava will harden or freeze when a set of oxygen molecules hit the material. Look over to the entrance door. You will see the remnants of my pretty space suit, after I flowed through the vacuum chamber and into the vacuum room with breathing oxygen.”
Leer swallows the food item and turns with a puzzled brow to see the vacuum chamber. The interior walls, the floor, and the ceiling are colored in the wiggling gel. He swiftly moves ahead the closed glass door and then stops. The door slides open from his heat signature. He does not touch but stares at the new pretty walls of rock. He stated, “Really?”
“Don’t touch that!” Eartha ordered. She looks up and then sneers at Leer. She examines the hard wall inside the vacuum chamber and then Renato.
“I want touch nothing. Stay collected, Eartha!” Leer stated. He continues to stand and studies the new rock walls inside the vacuum chamber.
Renato winks to Eartha. He ordered, “It is time to go and find your Outlaw business of the missing child. You must don your space suit in order to leave the warehouse. The pretty lava might have some type of gravity to stay on the rock of Pluto, but the air does not live here. It is Zero Gravity atmosphere for all humans here.”
Leer spins around with a smile and moves back to his floating space suit.
Eartha stands with a sour frown and views Renato. The administrator has told the entire history of Pluto, without providing a single clue to the missing child. Eartha wants to wrap up the Outlaw investigation immediately. Then she and Leer can travel to Planet Jupiter for some fun, since Superintendent Darsha has granted the afternoon and the next two days off from work. She ordered to her Outlaw partner, “Change out of the plutonian outfit and into your space jumpsuit, Leer!”
Leer turns away from the vacuum chamber and presses both hands down the soft fabric, presenting a sour frown, stopping in front of the space suit. He does not mind that Eartha is taking charge of the Outlaw assignment, since he does not want to be here and does not want to figure the whereabouts of the missing child. Eartha has worked longer within the Outlaw division and is very experienced in numerous Outlaw matters over Leer. And she is both very smart and very pretty. However, her smarts will solve the Outlaw issue faster than Leer’s passive mental though process.
He whined with a sour frown at the heavy space jumpsuit inside the closet. “But I like the soft clothing much better than the heavy space jumpsuit.”
Renato said with a smile and a nod to Eartha. “I would not recommend that, Miss Outlaw. You are going to be visiting another plutonian house. This particular room is called a vacuum room. It is built into every plutonian house for entrance into the home from the biting outer space atmosphere. You will not be given accessed to the other rooms inside the house…”
Eartha frowned, “Why not? We’re conducting a missing child investigation. We need…”
“…to see the mother of the missing child. This is our first stop for your outlaw assignment. Her name is Mrs. Doil. She is living alone, without a mate. I don’t know why. Here on Pluto, we don’t ask nosy questions.” Renato smiled with a nod.
Eartha exhaled. “If you had asked some nosey personal questions, then maybe you could have found the missing child instead of us.”
Renato communicated with Eartha, who clearly is the leader of the paired Outlaws. He stated, “Each house is made of the heated pretty lava flooring. Each house will have the completed set of heated elements over the floor. You can elect to conduct your outlaw investigation inside your space suit. Or you can keep and use the offered plutonian clothing. It is your choice.”
She lifts both her palms with the palmer and wears a sour frown, moving ahead to her floating space suit. Eartha yelled, “Zing it! We keep the pretty clothing that matches the pretty lava.”
“Yeah,” Leer said. He spins around and views Eartha. “But can we move around inside the space suit without our space boots on our naked feet? I like my feet. I don’t want them to get damaged from the cold air of outer space or cuts from the hard material.”
Eartha stops beside her floating space suit and turns with a sour frown to see Leer. She stated, “No worries! The soft lining was made and designed for that purpose. Your feet will be soft and cushioned.”
Renato said with a smile and a nod to Eartha. “There is only one entrance and exit vacuum chamber inside the office space. I will lead first through the archway, into the warehouse, and hover inside the air waves for you. Then I will lead…”
She gasps in alarm and turns to see Renato. Eartha stated, “You cannot ride with us inside our Beetle outer space starship. I mean, I guess you can for us to visit with the mother of the missing child. But I didn’t know where to land our ship, without it melting in cool flames of pretty lava.” She frowns with worry.
Renato nodded with a nod. “Thank you for the outer space ride, miss. We have a trolley system. You are correct. There is not another space port throughout the planet but only here at the warehouse. This is where all star freighters land and distribute all requested imported cargo. Please follow behind me, after I clear the vacuum chamber.” He spins around and shuffles to the entrance door.
“We will!” Eartha stated. She slaps the exterior compartment closed and wears a stern face. “To warn you, we have to check the oxygen tanks and the hover gauges before we exit into outer space for our safety and protection. That takes a few minutes. So, hold and wait for us!”
“Very well!” Renato said. He steps inside, stops, and stands in the middle of the enclosed chamber of solid colored gel, slapping on the face mask over his smile. The interior glass vacuum door inside the room closes shut behind his back spine.
The mechanics hiss expelling all the mixed oxygen, sounding with a set of soft pings. Then outer space molecules invade the enclosed chamber sounding with a set of soft tings, making the frozen gel wiggle into life. All the particles of the colored gel detach and slap over the naked body parts and the aqua colored clothing on Renato, covering him from the hair roots down to the wiggling toes but not over the face mask.
The ceiling, the floor, and both side walls are cleaned and cleansed showing the rough whitish concrete. There is not one single molecule of frozen gel standing inside the vacuum chamber. All the wiggling gel covers Renato. The exterior glass vacuum door slides open into outer space.
Renato lifts up from the floor and floats inside the center of chamber, dog pedaling with both his arms, moving out from the vacuum chamber, into the Zero Gravity atmosphere. He halts in the air and spins around viewing the two Outlaws through the clear glass inside the vacuum room. Then the exterior glass vacuum door slides close into outer space.


Warehouse vacuum room
97:16 hours/minutes

“Yeah,” Leer stated. He turns and slaps the exterior compartment behind the rear on his floating space suit, leaping up from the hard floor, into his space suit, wiggling around and crawls inside the soft lining. He pulls the manual handle. The space suit closes shut. Each snap automatically latches down into place sounding with a set of tiny tings. He presses the lever, double checking for oxygen to breathe inside the air tank and then depresses the gravity button, checking the hover control gauges. He reaches out and grabs the tether rope holding the face mask. He stated. “Right toe! My space suit is good to go, Eartha. Can I keep the plutonian outfit? I like it.” He snaps the face mask into the space helmet slot. Then he twirls around the air, pressing the thruster button forward to the vacuum door.
“It makes you look like a sissy boy. And that man is very strange.” Eartha stated. She leaps into her floating space suit, pressing the button as the space suit door closes over her delicate human body. She punches a set of buttons and levers to view the oxygen levels, testing the hover control gauge inside the personal space suit for protection and safety too.
“That’s a meanie statement, Eartha. And your second comment is the understatement of two centuries. This is all strange and pretty.”
She depresses the gravity button, floating up in the air, wearing a sour frown. Eartha stated, “We’re here to do a job. Let’s finish and go home!”
“Right toe! I go first, in case, Renato has some violent tendencies within his perky personality. He seemed like a pleasant man.” Leer stated. He stops in front of the glass door of the vacuum chamber. The interior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides open.
He floats inside then stops hovering in mid-air between the two walls. He said with a puzzled brow. “Woo! The walls are cleared and cleaned out of the pretty hard lava particles that were splattered in-between the walls. Ugh! The exterior door that leads out into outer space still contains those glittering lava particles. So, watch out! I’m not touching cool flames for any reason.” The interior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides closed from the warehouse office. The mechanics hiss expelling out the oxygen molecules and then soft tings invade the chamber with a flood of outer space molecules.
“Are you okay?” Eartha asked. She spins around in the air watching the back spine on Leer behind the glass vacuum door, communicating through the speaker inside the space suit, instead of the space jumpsuit.
He huffs inside the vacuum chamber. Leer answered, “Yeah. I’m waiting for the exterior door to open up into outer space.” The exterior glass door of the vacuum chamber opens into outer space environment.
Eartha asked, “Did Renato say that his space suit was made of these cool flames?”
“Renato said a lotta weird stuff. All that weird stuff went in and outta both my ears. The door’s opened. I’m floating out to hover next to Renato. It’s your turn!” Leer ordered. He presses the thruster button forward and sails out the chamber wobbling side to side through space to Renato and slowly turned to see Eartha.
Inside the vacuum room, the interior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides open. She presses the thruster button forward, sailing through the air and hovers inside the middle of the chamber, without touching the naked ceiling, the floor, and the two walls of solid white colored concrete that does not show on trace of the wiggling gel. The glass door chamber slides close. The mechanics hiss releasing all the oxygen molecules from the enclosed chamber and then sounds with a set of tiny pings as the chamber flooded with a set of invisible outer space molecules that does not affect her space suit or her hovering ability. The exterior glass door slides open wearing a set of glittering gel particles of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava particles.
Eartha presses the thruster button forward and sails out the chamber floating through outer space. She presents a stern face staring at Leer and then to Renato.


Warehouse floor in outer space
97:31 hours/minutes


The warehouse contains only a floating foundation of individual flat concrete white colored slabs between a floor of wiggling lava particles that live underneath the slabs and the warehouse office foundation. There are two skinny poles comprised on the front of the warehouse floor with a set of solid walls or a door. And there are a set of two skinny poles in the rear of the warehouse floor. Between the two skinny poles in the rear, there are solid four walls of the warehouse office. Eartha and Leer had changed out of the space jumpsuit but not the set of soft sissy pajama-like clothing, wearing a pair of naked feet.
The warehouse office is circular in design showing off part of the planet and part of the warehouse floor with a single glass door vacuum chamber for entering and exiting into outer space.
Renato spins around and faces the hanging space port platform, sailing forward through outer space. He stated, “I would like to take a few minutes to explain our docking system. It is spectacle.” He extends both of his arms pointing to the warehouse floor.
Eartha sneers at the rear skull of wiggling gel particles on Administrator Renato. She said, “We don’t have a few more minutes. We are here to find a missing child.”
“Wait!” Leer stated. He twirls around in the air with a gasp and a confused brow, harmfully slamming the side of his space helmet with both of his space gloves, flying behind Renato. “How can you talk to me? How can I hear your voice? That’s impossible. Our space suits are not compatible. I don’t understand. Do you understand, Eartha?”
Renato turns to face the invisible side wall on the warehouse flying through the air and over the warehouse floor between a set of two skinny poles. Between the two skinny poles, the two warehouse employees squat on top of a slab and work together shoving a white colored concrete box over and into a separate kart located on the edge of the warehouse floor.
Running around the warehouse floor is a river of glittering lava particles of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow. The river curves around and around in a circle, moving underneath a magical traveling transport system that is floating in outer space.
Renato stops with a smile and floats behind the two warehouse workers, spinning his body and his finger around to each different type of object. He said, “The warehouse floor is rectangular-shaped. But you can see that. And I can talk to you, because my voice is sounding through and outside my personal space suit. The set of the external sensors on your ancient earthling space suit is picking up my voice pattern vibrations which sound in our shared common language. The floor is made from a set of bouncing and floating individual concrete slabs. Each slab is separate and independent for a particular reason. But you can see that. Usually, each slab will hold an imported item, such like, a food tub, a clothing tub, or another type of supply item that is used here on Pluto by the plutonians. But you can see that, too.
“The warehouse does not contain a solid wall like a usual warehouse of goods. But you can see that. Each invisible wall faces a specific location on the planet of Pluto. The warehouse is built on top of the northern polar axis. There is nothing on the southern polar axis. The warehouse office is built on the southern portion of this axis. The space port platform is built on the northern portion of this axis, sorta. The River of Lava starts here on top of the northern polar axis, curving all around the planet, going down towards the southern polar axis in a clockwise direction. For example, if I turn and face the warehouse office in the south portion of the northern polar axis, then I cannot go anywhere but inside the small office again.
“When I face the space port, I can venture up and onto the escalating row of slow moving concrete slabs into a space ship. Then I can leave the planet, if I wish. When I turn and face the eastern side of the invisible wall of two skinny walls, I cannot see the solar sun, since it is too, too far away from my home world of Pluto, since I am facing the eastern side of Pluto. When I turn and face the opposite side of the invisible wall, I am facing the western side of the planet, where I clearly see millions upon millions of bright stars in the western sky. The warehouse location on top of the northern polar axis represents a particular trolley avenue which is our most efficient and effective transportation system of both goods and personnel.”
Eartha slowly twirls around in outer space and wears a puzzled brow examining the layout of the topless warehouse and the wiggling floor of lava particles, searching for an individual transport. She sneered. “We don’t have time for this nonsense, crazy directional and geographical lesson on Pluto, Renato. Where’s the transport to drive or sail or swim or hike down to the next village where the mother lives, Renato?”
Renato turns with a smile to face Earth, hovering in space in front of the two working employees on the western side of the invisible walls. He stated, “Miss Outlaw, the trolley system is the only transportation, going around Pluto. You must understand how the trolley works. You will be moving around and between the bands for speaking to each eye witness as you try to locate the missing child here on Pluto. If you do not know how the trolley system works, then I am afraid that you might end up on the southern polar axis of Pluto, where nothing lives or works and all dies.”
“Thank you, sir! Please continue your lecture, sir!” Leer stated. He stares with a fake smile at Renato and exhales with a huff of annoyance at Eartha. Eartha wants to lead and charge, without thinking about the deadly situation for her and him. They are not floating on Neptune, but Pluto. They are not familiar with layout and environment on Pluto, but Neptune.
Renato pointed down at the two warehouse workers. “This is the trolley system. Yes, it looks like a slab of rough dull white concrete with a set of holding bars. Yes, it is a slab of rough dull white concrete with a set of holding bars. You can see this. However, the two workers work together and scoot one or more specific white concrete boxes which contain food or merchandise or other needy supplies over and on top of a floating trolley floor. You can see this, too.
“The trolley kart is made of a single flat rough dull white concrete slab with two independent sets of holding bars. One holding T-bar is bolted onto the front of the trolley kart. The second holding T-bar is screwed down into the rough concrete on the rear of the trolley kart. You can see that. Each side of the trolley kart does not contain a T-bar. But you can see this. The holding T-bar allows a human to hold and stay in place during the swift ride down to the correct band. So, a concrete box of supplies is pushed or scooted or slid through a wall-less frame and over and on top of trolley kart. Each trolley kart floats on top of river of lava which is composed of cool flames that are glittering lava particles of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow.”
Leer floats beside Eartha and presents a stern face to see the work of the workers. Each worker is dressed in a glittering space suit of cool lava with a transparent face mask also. Each worker is a human with a set of two eyeballs, a pair of nose holes, and a set of lips. Each worker is shoving an individual large white colored roughly made concrete box onto the floor of a single trolley kart, without sound.
Leer frowned. “Are all the lava particles made of these specific five colors, only?”
Renato watches the warehouse workers. He stated to Leer, “Yes, a very good observation, sir. These five colors spew up from every volcano hole both day and night. The volcanoes are all underground, since the spewing lava is a set of cool flames, not a heap of heated ashes. Thus, the spewing lava creates and maintains a continuous river of lava around Pluto, since the beginning of time and until the end of time.
“One trolley kart is made of a slab of concrete that contains one or more concrete boxes will float and flow around a particular band of lava. The western perch is a floating slab of dull white concrete on top of the lava in front of an invisible wall. The concrete slab is labeled with the number 1600. This is very important for you to remember. The entire planet of Pluto comprises a set of colored bands of pretty lava of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow cool flame particles. The equator diameter is 1,430 geographical miles across. Of course, a planet is rounded, not squared. Therefore, the entire circle at the equator is 2,860 geographical miles around the fat part of the planet. From southern pole to northern pole, the diameter length of Pluto is precise 1,430 miles also.”
Leer smiled. “Wow! That’s convenience for math purposes. But what is the math purpose, here, Administrator Renato?”
Renato still stares down at the two warehouse workers. He said, “The western perch or side of the warehouse with the number 1300 is one single band which is a single river of lava that curves around and around the planet and then it eventually ends up on the thirteenth band. The thirteenth band contains the homes of all the plutonians. The western perch or side of the warehouse is the transportation system from the warehouse floor for any type of merchandise goods, traveling from the northern polar axis and then going down to the thirteenth band right here only. From the northern polar axis down to the southern polar axis, the diameter length of Pluto is 1,430 miles, consisting of precisely twenty six bands of varied length and width. For example, the tenth band of lava is fifty five feet wide. The twenty sixth band of lava is fifty five feet wide, also.
“Almost all of the natives have settled or built a home on the equator of the Pluto, which is called the thirteenth band, that is located in the middle of the planet. However, we have labeled each band for simplicity. The middle band is called 1300 without a formal name of a street or an avenue.”
Renato turns to the side and floats hovering over a new perch or a different invisible side wall of the warehouse, pointing down to the new slab of dull white concrete. He said with a smile. “I am floating over the next perch or concrete slab for a new band which is labeled 1600. Therefore, it is the sixteenth band over the landscape of Pluto, where the companies exist for the working plutonians. We are short on time. I will give you more instructions after we board the trolley for the tenth band.” He turned with a smile, flying through the air, passing by Leer and Eartha and stopped, hovering in space between the edge concrete of the office building and a single skinny pole. A trolley kart was posed between the building and the pole, without any concrete boxes next to the perch with the number 1000.
“Wait!” Leer yelled. He slowly twirls around and then hovers in the air exhaling with a huff of confusion, staring at the rear skull on Renato. “I’m confused here. Is that trolley kart, the one we take to see the mother of the missing child? What is that number? How many numbers are there?”
Renato looks down at a single trolley kart. The trolley kart bobs up and down over the rough river of pretty lava particles of pink, red, blue, green, and yellows. There are not any warehouse workers, working on top of the concrete perch, either. He stated, “No. You can see that the perch is clearly labeled on the warehouse floor. The next number is 1300 which represents the thirteenth band of Pluto, facing the northern side of the warehouse, not the southern side. Come and follow me please!”
He sails through the air with ease over the slabs of concrete. Renato stated, “You can see between the slabs of concrete, there is a pool of pretty lava on top of the northern polar axis. This is why and where we settled the docking port to import merchandise like food stuffs, clothing, and other needed items. The warehouse floor seems illogical for a human. But we are all very sane. The first settlement was inhabited at the thirteenth band in the year 2022. As the original colony grew and expanded, we moved and occupied the other bands above and below the thirteenth band. This is the reason for the funny outlay of the warehouse.”
He halts and spins around with a smile to see Leer and Eartha, extending his glittering gel-covered arm over the trolley floor. Renato invited, “Please come over here now. This is our trolley ride. Please rest on top of the floating slab of concrete that makes up the floor. There is a set of two holding bars in the front and the rear for your safety. The worker will shove our new trolley off the warehouse floor and into the river of lava, if you will. That’s a point of humor among the natives. You will hear us reference the band as a river of lava. Do you have an adequate supply of oxygen? Our trolley trip will be about twenty-two minutes and seven seconds.”
Leer gasps in alarm. He yelled. “What! You’re joking. How far is it down to the center of Pluto?”
Eartha gasps in alarm too. She stated. “The equator is 1,430 miles which houses the 13th band, so half of 1,430 miles length diameter is 715 miles. We’re going fly through outer space waves down to the 13th band on top of an open trolley, without a set of enclosed walls or a single door, feeling the wind and the rain and the sun. Are you crazy?”
Renato smiles to Leer and Eartha hovering over the floor of the trolley. The kart bounces side to side over the rough River of Lava. He stated, “It takes five and one-half hours for a twinkle effect of Solar sunlight to hit here on Planet Pluto. A day and a night rotation are measured at 153 hours and 36 minutes.”
Eartha frowned. “A Pluto rotation is equal to about six days on Planet Earth and eight days on Neptune.”
“What?” Leer frowned.
“Yes, you are very smart with your math skills, Miss Outlaw. We will be flying down to the 10th band, which is only 515 miles at 60,000 miles per hour based on Planet Earth math standards, of course. Please come and land on top of the trolley floor with me.” Renato invited. He reaches out and pats the rear T-shaped holding bar, presenting a smile, standing on top of the wobbling trolley. The trolley floor bounces up and down over a glittering River of Lava. “Each trolley has a support structure of upper railings for hand holding. Please stand beside me, Miss Outlaw.”
Leer hovers in space and presents a worried brow, without moving, lifting both of his space gloves in the air while feeling both fear and frustration. The Outlaw assignment is supposed to be easy, finding a missing young child. He said, “Wait over there, Administrator Renato. We gotta figure this out, Eartha. I don’t wanna die here on Pluto. I wanna die on Neptune at the old age of 125 years old like my great-grandparents did. So how can we fly inside an open trolley, going over 60,000 miles per hour, coming from the northern polar axis and arrive down onto the tenth band of the Pluto, without drifting a body into outer space dead and not breathing? We can’t.”
Eartha hovers in place and wears a worried brow, too, without moving toward the trolley kart. She stated, “Let me think this through.”
Leer looks down and gently outlines the gravity button inside the space suit. He stated, “Right toe! We can depress the gravity button all the way down to the maximum setting stimulated Earth gravity which will plant our space boots on top of the open trolley as it speeds through outer space.”
Renato stated, “Yes! That method would work wonderfully, since the trolley kart will be circling the globe over a band of glittering lava.” He continues to smile and holds his gel-coated hand onto the upper rack railing.
Eartha frowns inside her space helmet, without moving. She stated, “No! The wind shear of 60,000 miles-per-hour will hit and knock us over and down onto the rough surface, rolling both us off the trolley and into the glittering pretty lava and then eventually out into outer space. Without me inside the Beetle starship, we both would tumble around and around outer space until suffocation of no breathing air.”
Leer frowned. “No go.”
Eartha said. “Okay. We can…”
“…go back home to Neptune.” Leer smiled. “Yippee! We, as a pair of humans, can’t fly down a planet in outer space on top of an open trolley kart at 60,000 miles-per-hour. Starships do that, not humans.”
Eartha stated, “Okay! There’re four sets of tall poles on the trolley. So, we rest face down on top of the trolley floor in front of a pole and hold onto the skinny pole with all our strong space metal man-made hands. Even at 60,000 miles-per-hour, the metal can take the brute force impact of a set of continuous low impact waves of wind. We set our gravity button on the Earth atmosphere like you say, so that our space suits are flattened and locked down over the concrete floor. The planetary winds will flow over our aerodynamic space helmet as we encircle the planet. Easy.”
Leer frowned. “Not easy.”
She frowned, “We have a job to do, Leer.”
Leer sneered, “We have a job to stay alive and breathing, too, Eartha.”
“Her plan is very sound, sir. It is called centripetal force.” Renato stated. He smiles at Leer.
“Right toe!” Eartha shouted. She giggles with a grin inside her space suit to Leer. “The River of Lava will keep an object, like the trolley, moving around and around in a circle at the same speed of 60,000 miles-per-hour. As the object moves around and encircles Pluto, it will keep the same circular motion and speed, a constant. If the object is moving within a uniform circular motion at the speed same and the same radius, the concept of centripetal force kicks into play. Imagine, if you fly around the world of Neptune at different rates of speed, your star ship will fly up and down over the flat terrain. However, if you fly around the world of Neptune at the constant same rate of speed, you will fly in a straight line, okay, in a circle.”
Leer gasped, “You’re crazy, Eartha.”
 “The speed of the object clamps down any and all objects on top of the wind pathway, so we don’t roll off the trolley. This is easy. Climb on-board, darling!” Eartha ordered. She winks at Leer and then spins around pressing the thruster button forward, floating through the air and reaches down grabbing the pole in front of the trolley. She slides down and wiggles around the tall skinny pole, resting on top of her stomach, extending both of her arms and locks her two elbow crooks around the bottom portion on the fixed metal pole. She chuckles through the speaker box of her space suit. “I’m boss, Leer.”


Cold, black Outer Space
Trolley Ride
10th Band, River of Lava
97:42 hours/minutes


Leer sails through the air with a grunt and a worried brow inside his space suit, reaching out and grabs the other pole in front of the roofless trolley, sliding down upon his ass. He wiggles and turns resting on top of his stomach muscles, extending both of his arms and then locks both of his space gloves around the bottom portion on the pole, too, tucking a chin deeply down into his neck. He performs a silent prayer of survival with Eartha’s stupid plan.
Eartha tucks her chin down into her neck, gritting her teeth for a heavenly miracle. Her words echoed inside the eardrums of Leer and outside her space suit into the eardrums of Renato. “We are ready. Go, Renato!”
Renato turns and nods to the warehouse worker. The worker pushes shoving the trolley kart free from the warehouse floor.
The trolley falls down into the glittering gel without a splash but a slurp of wiggling liquid, slowly drifting into the center of the fifty five foot wide band, flowing over a circular pathway of a natural forming River of Lava.
Leer lifts his face mask up from the rough concrete. Billions of white stars twinkle against the blackness of outer space in-between the single pole of the trolley. He looks down to see the River of Lava seeing an ocean of glittering smooth waves. Some of the lava waves form and crest a few inches over and along the slab of concrete. Leer views the blackness of outer space as a dark backdrop among the pretty twinkles of red, blue, pink, green, and yellow particles. He whispered with a smile. “Beautiful…”
Renato holds the upper hand railing facing the River of Lava. He told, “We are moving around the 1st Band on Pluto. Hang on! The trolley will gather speed and zoom around and around each band going faster and fastest, before it reaches the final destination of the first building on the tenth band, which is a total of 2,635 miles down from the northern polar axis. At your posed position, you might experience a little bit of nauseous sea sickness.”
Leer tucks his chin back down into his neck and as both of his gloved hands are cupped around the pole, exhaling in heavy breathes of fear and excitement like Eartha.
The trolley picks up speed and flies around the slight curve of the planet at incredible pace.
Eartha feels the 60,000 miles-per-hour winds smash into the top of her space helmet as the helmet wants to jerk back ripping off her bone skull and breaking her spine cord. She grunts and growls in pain, tightening the hand gripe around the single pole. She whispered, “Four point thirty-nine seconds of my life.”
“Four point thirty-nine seconds of my life.” Leer whispered. He counts the old fashion method of seconds, focusing his mind on something other than the constant whiplash action of the 60,000 miles-per-hour winds that slashes at a pair of space gloves, a set of crossed space suit arms, and the top of the space helmet.
His words echo into the space helmet of Leer and Eartha. Renato said, “Each horizontal natural band of cool flame lava is precisely fifty five foot wide on Pluto with a shorter length than the equator amount of 2,826 miles around the belly of Pluto. The equator holds the thirteenth band. The planet of Pluto is shaped like an un-hatched chicken egg. We are traveling around the tip of the egg and down to a little over one-third of the total length down from the northern polar axis in four point thirty nine seconds. We have completed the second lava band of 230 miles in zero point thirty eight seconds…”
“One Mississippi…” Leer whispered.
The 60,000 miles-per-hour winds whips and tickles between her pair of space gloves, suddenly jerking her right glove away from the skinny metal pole. Eartha screams as her hand flips backward from the impact of the forward wind shear. She releases the pole sliding backward on her stomach over the rough concrete. She cried for help. “No!”
“Eartha!” Leer yelled. He lifts his space helmet from the hard surface, turning sideways, seeing her drop backward over the trolley floor. The 60,000 miles-per-hour winds whips his helmet into the opposite direction. He releases his hand gripe from the pole, before snapping his body in half, sliding backward over the rough concrete too. He spreads both of his legs apart, catching the pole, stopping his body motion between his legs. He sounded with a low grunt. “Ugh!” The 60,000 miles-per-hour winds swing the upper body on Leer around the pole and as his legs cross and then capture the pole between his thighs. He grunts in pain. His lower body drops down and clings even with the trolley floor from the pretend Earth gravity atmosphere, within his space suit. His chest and his extended arms hang over the glittering gel of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow, without dunking down into the River of Lava. He grits his teeth and closes his two eyelids experiencing a painful trolley ride for two more minutes.
Renato smiles inside the face mask, standing upright on top of the trolley, holding his gloved hand onto the upper railing. He stated, “We have completed the fourth band of 430 miles in zero point seventy two seconds.”
Eartha twirls around over the floor and then flips onto her back spine dancing side to side within the 60,000 miles-per-hour wind shear, sliding sideways more. She extends her gloved hand outwards catching the rear pole, twirling her body in a completed circle. Her entire body hangs over the River of Lava in empty outer space and then halts in movement. She slowly pulls both of her elbows forward and then crosses them into a crooked pose around the rear pole for safety, kissing the pole with her face mask as she grunts from the forward wind shear. The gravity button holds its position as she feels her arms and her chest drop down and cling to the rough concrete, before finishing the crazy roller coast ride through outer space.
Renato smiles inside the face mask, still standing upright on top of the trolley, continuing to hold onto the upper railing. He stated, “We have completed the sixth band of 630 miles in one point one second flat. Can you hear the rotation pattern? Each band length is hundred miles longer than the previous one. However, we are traveling in a clockwise rotation around Pluto. And we are only sailing over the even number bands of Pluto. I am calling out each significance position for your convenience. And we have completed the eighth band around the planet of Pluto which is measured at 830 miles in one point thirty eight seconds. That was a fun ride in four point thirty nine seconds.” The trolley kart halted abruptly in front of a one story whitish colored solid concrete building, wobbling side to side from the wild-ass river ride.
Leer whispered for his eardrums only. “Are you shore, Renato?”
Renato chuckled with a smile. “Very shore! We have arrived. Please exit to your left towards the hotel building, on the ninth band, which flows over another river of lava also.” He wobbles side to side still holding onto the hand railing with one of his pretty lava-coated, colored gloves on his pretty lava-coated, colored space suit.
Leer jolts ahead sliding forward experiencing pain within his delicate human body. Both his thighs stop the forward motion slamming into the pole. He sounds with a deep grunt. Half of his body is hanging and floating over the glittering River of Lava, since the space suit’s gravity button holds his upper body in place, like a human bridge. Once his brain cells stop twirling, he presses the thrust button, slowly swinging around and lands on his back spine. He sounds with a deep grunt. He whispered into the internal speaker box. “Eartha, are you okay over there?” His legs are still crossed and captured around the rear pole, closing his two eyelashes from the bright stars of space.
“Barely!” Eartha whispered back through her space suit into the eardrums of Leer. The lower half of her space suit hovers over the glittering river of pretty lava from the gravity pressure inside the space suit. She wiggles her right naked human hand free from within the right-sided space sleeve, searching and finding the thrust button. She lightly fiddles with the thrust button forward, twirling the lower part of her body over the lava, landing on top of the trolley floor on her stomach. She sounds with a grunt of intense pain. Both the legs of her space suit hover over the edge of the trolley floor. She exhales and then inhales with a set of deep breathes, lowering her shallow heart rate, decreasing her racing pulse rate. She closed her two eyelashes, calming her frightened mental mind.


Ninth Band, Building 901
Hotel entrance slab of concrete
97:45 hours/minutes


Renato continues to stand on top of the trolley floor, still holding the bar with his hand, staring with a smile at the white colored tall concrete building. He stated, “Welcome to our little hotel! This is the first building along the tenth band around Pluto, our hotel. The hotel is posed on the ninth band which displays in great big numbers, 901. And you will not be going into the hotel now. You need to visit with the mother of the missing child, so you can start your outlaw investigation. She lives inside a house which lies on the thirteenth band.” He turns and points to another River of Lava displaying a row of houses, glittering in more lava particles. He ordered, “Please, get up and stand now. You will walk from here to there. It is not too, too far!” He does not release the holding bar while watching both Leer and Eartha.
Leer opens his two eyelids and slowly un-crosses his bend kneecaps shuffling away from the rear pole. He sounds with a grunt. The gravity weight of his legs swiftly land on top of the hard surface making with a loud thud.
His space suit is both beaten and dented but works properly. His body has been safely insulated inside the thick soft foam of the interior fabric of the space suit. Leer depresses the gravity button flowing up from the floor and into the outer space, moving into an upright body stance. He exhales and then inhales with a set of deep breaths of calmness, before he reaches out and strangles the old man for the non-fun ride down from the Northern Polar Axis over the tenth band which was 2,635 miles of outer space. He depresses the gravity button immediately floating up in outer space molecules and then presses it down lowering down and stands on top the slab of concrete, like a man. He fiddles with a series of buttons and levers, double checking the oxygen tanks and the hover controls, finding the gear mostly dented but not cracked. He stated, “Good for me here! Eartha, how are you doing down over there? I am up and running on all systems. No leaks. No cracks. Only dents. Some black marks on the pretty white material…” Leer turns to see Eartha over the trolley floor, moving across the concrete and squatted, touching her space sleeve.
She screams in pain and panic. Eartha yelled, “Don’t! Don’t touch me!” She still rests on top of the floor.
“Why? What’s wrong? Are you leaking? Are you hurt?” He frowned with worry.
“No!” Eartha yelled. She exhales with a puff of worry. Her space suit is creased at the elbow points on both space sleeves. Her elbows are crooked and fold in front of her chest, without movement. Her space suit rests on top of the trolley floor. Eartha exhales and then inhales with a series of deep breathes, calming her dizzy mind and her worried soul. She whispered, “When I fell down from the front pole, I had to hang onto the rear pole at the crook of both my elbows. Now, neither one of my elbows will not move back into the proper place along the side of my space suit. Actually, I can’t get the gears or the motors to function, either. I think that they’re broken or frozen or something wrong. Okay, you will have to help me by grabbing at my waist and assisting me to stand on top of the surface.”
“Yes! Yes! I can assist you. Can you breathe? Do I need to space walk back to the beetle for another space suit? I can do that too. You can stay inside the hotel room until I return.”
“No! Stay there! Don’t move! All my interior environment controls are working too. I am breathing fresh re-circulated air and sweating a ton of smelly water balls. But I’m okay. I am going to release the gravity button. So, you capture me as I flow up from the trolley floor. I don’t wanna fly out into outer space then…”
“I am almost standing on top of your back spine. Do it! Shut off the gravity button! I’ll catch you in my hands and my chest. Don’t worry, Eartha. I got you, babe!”
She smiles at his sweet endearment and depresses the gravity button as it smoothly tings. Her space suit immediately floats up from the trolley floor into the outer space molecules. Leer reaches out and grabs the thick waist portion on her space suit, up righting her to stand, cuddling her into his non-scratched chest torso.
She exhales with a puff of relief. Earth stated, “Okay! I feel better seeing upright instead of down wrong. I am pressing down the gravity button, so both my foot pads are clinging down to the trolley floor like Earth gravity.” She presses the gravity button landing on top of the floor of the trolley, presenting a sour frown and a worried heart. “There! I’m stable now! Thanks, Leer!” She cuddles into his chest and presents a sweet smile.
He frowns inside the face mask. He said through the space helmet transmitter. “Right toe! We eject this Outlaw assignment, now. This is too dangerous. We don’t have the proper survival equipment. And your space arms inside the space suit are bowed and crooked. You can’t work like this.”
Eartha pulls back from his cuddle, spinning around, presenting a stern face. She stands on her own two space feet on top of the trolley floor as her two elbows bow and bend in front of her chest, like a set of crossed arms in anger. She exhales with a puff of determination. She is the implanted earthling on Neptune. Some, if all of the Neptunians do not like her, including Superintendent Darsha. This is the reason for sending Eartha on this difficult and confusing assignment. She whispered through a set of gritted teeth. “No! We are here. We made it through the rough part. We stay…”
“You must meet with Mrs. Doil. Please follow me!” Renato ordered. He lifts up and then floats in the air from the first trolley floor crossing part of the exposed River of Lava in the air. Then he lands on top of a second trolley kart on the eleventh band that flows on top of a second new River of Lava. He shouted. “Hurry! Hurry! We must catch the next moving trolley kart on the twelfth band.” The trolley appears exactly like the first trolley, a rough, white-colored, single, concrete slab with a set of two holding bars in the rear and in the front.
Eartha exhales with a puff of determination regarding another new Outlaw test which has been set up by Darsha. She presses the thruster button forward, waddling on her space boots over the hard surface of the first trolley kart, sailing over a stream of glittering lava through the air, and finally lands on top of a second trolley hard surface. She shouted, “Yes sir! We’re following behind you. Where are we going?”
Renato stands near the new rear hand railing and wears a smile turning to see Eartha and Leer. He stated, “This is a little hard to explain. I will try. There is the inner trolley system for Pluto.”
Eartha stops and stands in front of Renato. She cannot lift her space arm upwards for her space glove to hold onto the upper railing, on the second trolley kart.
Leer moves ahead ensuring Eartha does not fall off the trolley floor, stopping and stands behind Eartha. He curls his space arm around the thick waist part on her space suit. He reaches up and grabs onto the upper railing, sounding with a sneer of annoyance at the new Outlaw assignment and the old administrator of Pluto.
Renato faces and smiles to each Outlaw. He stated, “Our scientists found between the tenth and the nineteenth bands on Pluto…”
“Where are going?” Leer asked. He growls with annoyance, scanning the unfamiliar landscape of weird-ass Pluto.
Renato said. “We are traveling to the house of Mrs. Doil. Our scientists found that the tenth and nineteenth bands of Pluto varied in widths on a new River of Lava. For example, on the thirteenth band, the River of Lava is 145 foot wide, which is excellent for constructing a building. Please look around at our different colorful bands or pretty villages of Pluto.”
Eartha exhale with frustration. She stated, “But you said a few moments ago on the Northern Polar Axis that each band was fifty five feet in wide that goes wildly all around and around the planet. And there are twenty six bands to be precise.” She scans the new landscape and wears a sour frown seeing two unique rows of tall and short white colored structures which appears like a row of family residential houses.
Leer turns with a gasp to see a row of structures. He exclaimed, “Wow! This is so pretty. I spy one single squat building in whitish color concrete that is trimmed in glittering gel behind me in front of the tenth band, where I almost died, but I didn’t. Then there is a row of one story hour-glass type-looking structures in front of my eyeballs, but it way over there beyond my space boots. The overall illumination effect lights up each building and the skyline of dark Pluto. Why’s that?”
The second trolley kart smoothly flows down the second River of Lava without danger to the humans.
Renato taps on the hard floor surface using his lava-coated space foot. He stated, “This is the eleventh band on Pluto which is 1,130 miles, going around the planet. This particular River of Lava is measured at ten foot wide that goes around and around the planet. However, it moves in a counter clockwise rotation in front of a second new River of Lava. That River of Lava is number twelve or the twelfth band. The twelfth band of lava flows in front of each hour-glass structure where the structure is located on the thirteenth band. You can see that there are numerous smaller trolleys, which are eight feet wide as our transport travels over the eleventh flowing River of Lava. This is our inner trolley system to come and go around the planet.
“You might have guessed that Pluto does not own any type of space craft or star ship. Most of the floating trolleys are empty right now. School is in session. People are at work at the moment. The trolley sails over the river of lava at three point five miles per hour, carrying humans to a different destination that lives somewhere on the thirteenth band. You need to literally step over an exposed amount of a little tiny stream of lava and onto the next sailing trolley from the eleventh band to the twelfth band, before you can reach the thirteenth band. The trolley on the twelfth band flows clockwise. I happen to know that Mrs. Doil resides in building 1313 on the thirteenth band, which is this way. Or we are going in the direction of her home. Do you see how the numbers are decreasing in volume?” Renato releases the upper hand rail, turning and sails through the air, moving across the trolley floor. He sails through the outer space molecules and flies over an exposed stream of glittering lava, and finally lands on top of a new trolley floor. He stated, “Come on! You can miss it and capture the next one. But I do believe that you are in a rush to solve the missing child’s case.” He stops and stands facing Eartha and Leer and reaches up, holding the upper hand rail.
Eartha gasps with shock at the rude behavior of the administrator, quickly pulling from Leer, moving across the trolley floor in her gravity atmosphere as her space feet clung down to the concrete. She sails through the space over the exposed stream of lava and lands onto the new trolley floor, too, stopping and stands near Renato. He wears a sour frown and thousands of questions. However, this is not the time to complain in a damaged space suit and an atmosphere of non-breathable air.
Leer flies through the outer space molecules and then lands waddling over the floor trolley on a pair of space boots behind Eartha. He stops cuddling the thick waist on her space suit, again, with his space suit arm, since her two bent elbows cannot reach holding onto the upper railing for safety purposes.
This trolley is designed, like the two previous ones, featuring a set of four poles on each edge of concrete attached to one continuous upper railing frame.
Renato lifts his prettily lava-coated hand and points to each structure. He smiled. “You can clearly see that each house is designed the same way. This is our first colony that was established in the year 2053. As the colony grew, some of the larger family units moved down and occupied the nineteenth band. To clarify for your sense of direction, the ninth band contains your hotel. The tenth band is the fifty feet wide river of lava which travels clockwise around the planet, coming from the warehouse structure on top of the northern polar axis. The eleventh and twelfth bands are ten feet wide which hold numerous individual trolleys for sailing over a respective river of lava. The thirteenth band represents all the individual residential houses for each family unit. This is our present spot. The fourteenth and the fifteenth bands are ten feet wide too which hold another set of sailing individual trolleys to a specific destination. The sixteenth band holds the school, the hospital, and other merchandise stores, and all the other commercial businesses. The seventeenth and the eighteenth band are ten feet wide with another set of sailing individual trolleys for transportation. The nineteenth band contains the larger residential houses for the family unit. This is our little village of Pluto.”
Leer blinks both his two eyelids open and then shut sounding with a gasp. He looks at each house in front of his eyes. He stated, “Uh! It looks like the River of Lava, the thirteenth band in front of us with all the uniquely designed hour-glass type houses is moving too.”
Renato smiles and stares at each house too. He stated, “You are very observation, sir. Yes, all the 26 bands of sizzling hot lava on Pluto move and float around and around the planet with an object or without an object. It is a natural phenomenon. We can’t stop it. We don’t want to stop it either.”
Leer frowned. “Right toe! The band moves around the planet. So, the 12th band must travel faster than the thirteenth band. Thus, we are catching up with the correct house.”
Eartha gasps and smiles at each house. She said, “The planet rotates every 153 hours or the equal of six Earth days.”
Renato stares at each house, searching for the number 1313. He stated, “Yes! You are very observation, Miss Outlaw. Our scientists discovered this. The River of Lava possesses the widest distance at 145 feet and then it moves at a slower pace of 3.5 miles-per-hour. It was quite obvious among the floating 26 bands of hot sizzling lava particles building our village on top of the widest and slowest bands for both protection and sanity. The 9th, 13th, 16th, and 19th bands contain all the building structures, merrily moving around the planet, too. The planet of Pluto spins every six Earth day or 153 hours. Thus, each house sees daylight and nighttime once or sometimes twice or continuous twilights of sunbeams, if you can comprehend all that information.”
Leer blinks both of his eyelids open and then shut seeing each house structure zing by the trolley kart. The visual movement was creating a dizzy headache. He announced with a sour frown. “I have headache.” He reaches up and rubs his temples.
She watches as each house slowly moves in the opposite direction of her trolley, feeling a headache. Eartha said a sour frown. “Thanks for the useless data, Renato! Now, I have my senses of common and uncommon back into my brain cells. Where is the mother’s home? How much longer do we ride over the river of lava inside this trolley kart? Who else is involved in the child missing case you and who else?”


13th Band, Building 1313
Home of Mrs. Wheedle Doil
98:03 hours/minutes


The house is one of the numerous small one story structures made of whitish-colored concrete slabs. Between the glued concrete, the glittering gel of colors wiggle and wave back to each visitor, making the structure simple and pretty. Above the doorway, there is a large white slab of concrete with a set of etched numbers: 1313. The 1313 numbers wiggles in glittering gel also. The exterior house design is shaped like an hour-glass figure with a set of two oval balls on each side of the house and a narrow middle section of viewing windows that might hold sitting, eating, sleeping rooms.
The trolley kart magical slows and halts in front of the number 1313.
Renato releases the hand railing crossing the trolley floor, like a plot of even dirt, over an exposed River of Lava, and then lands in front of an entrance slab of concrete, halting to face the glass door.
Eartha presses the thruster button forward and slowly waddles across the trolley floor, sailing in the air over the River of Lava. She presses the gravity button landing down on her pair of space boots beside Renato, on top of the entrance slab of concrete. She sounds with a gasp. She yelled, “It shifts and moves.” She wobbles side to side catching her balance with ease.
Leer presses the thruster button forward following and lands behind Eartha, hugging and stabilizing her movement. He said with a puzzled brow. “Do we ring the door bell now?”
“There is no door bell to ring a ding.” Renato smiled. “You will get used to the shifting of the concrete over the flowing River of Lava. Each house is built on top of the floating cool flames of lava. I can ensure you that the house is stable. It is a natural phenomenon we, plutonians have learned to master. Each plutonian home is always open and welcomed to any other plutonian. We are the original natives here from the year 2053 making each one of us like blood relatives, so to speak. This structure is similar to the warehouse lounge for the workers but backward. We will enter the single door entranceway, going through the vacuum process again, since Pluto does not have a gravity field or a layer of breathable air. As an invited guest, you do not bring inside outer space molecules. Ladies always proceed first.” His heat signature triggers the glass door. The exterior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides open.
Eartha depresses the gravity button floating up in Zero Gravity atmosphere and then presses the thruster button flying into the middle of a single chamber, without touching the exterior archway. The exterior archway pulses with an array of glittering gel over the entire door frame, like the weird patterns on the warehouse walls. The door slides shut behind her back spine. The mechanics hiss expelling all the nasty outer space molecules from the enclosed vacuum chamber, pumping inside a set of fresh oxygen into the vacuum chamber. Eartha does not lift her face mask on her space helmet to test the oxygen content, since she has been through enough surprises for the morning. The interior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides open.
A female voice says via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Eartha presses the thruster button forward, moving through the air and halts dropping down to the floor, in front of a young woman, who is the owner of the house and the worried mother of the missing child.
The room is a circular design and pretty again. The entire interior of the room is a duplicate of the tiny particles of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow wiggling gel particles that flow outside and underneath the house foundation, the trolley slabs, the warehouse floor foundation, and the hanging space port platform.
Inside the interior of the house, the frozen gel covers the domed ceiling, the set of curved walls, the flat walking floor, and all the sitting pieces of curved furniture. There is one continuous viewing window surrounded with elegantly curved walls, showing off the exterior features of Pluto. The entrance wall is a straight piece of whitish concrete and holds a glass door leading into the tiny vacuum chamber on a solid wall with colored tiny particles of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow gel too.
Around the continuous curved wall, there is a set of scattered sitting chairs which is curved and rounded below the long viewing window for staring at the unique features of Pluto. There is a smooth round table between each sitting seat. On top of the table, there is a tiny centerpiece that resembles a piece of frozen art work in fossilized gel, made by a child’s hands.
Eartha lifts her face mask from the space helmet. The face mask drops down towards the floor without slamming it and as it floats in the air from the tether line. She executes a sweet smile and a head nod to the young woman and then hisses in pain. Her metal feet on the space suit sizzles over the heated floor again.
The young woman gasps in shock pointing down with a worried brow to the floor. She stated, “You should not do that. Your metal space feet will burn on top of the floor. You must walk around in your bare feet.” She wiggles her naked toes and presents her grin wearing a set of sissy soft pajama-like clothing in pink hue. She wipes the sweat balls from her wet forehead and her hairline while sounding with a grunt.
“Thank you! I forgot!” Eartha stated. She depresses the gravity button and wears a sour frown lifting the space suit a few inches up from the floor and then presses the hover button. The space suit hovers in the air. She slaps the release button to open her ancient earthling-made space suit. The gears sing in deep baritone musical notes as the suit does not open. Eartha slaps the release button a second time. Then the gears hum in a series of baritone notes again as the space suit does not open for a second time. Thus, Outlaw Earth hangs in mid-air and wears a sour frown.
Mrs. Doil wipes the tears from her face. She told Eartha. “My child is missing. How do we find my child? Where do we start?”
Leer copies the outer space movements of Eartha floating inside the exterior glass door of the vacuum chamber, hearing the hisses of expelled outer space molecules. The interior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides open.
A female voice says via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Leer sails through the air moving out from the vacuum chamber and stops hovering next to Eartha. He turns and wears a worried brow. He whispered to Eartha. “What’s wrong?”
Eartha presses the release button again. She said. “I can’t get out of my space suit. The gears of my space suit are grinding in pain, sounding with a series of hisses, whistles, and pings…”
“We should abort this outlaw mission. We’re encountering one problem after another.” Leer whispered with a sour frown into her sweaty face.
Eartha whispered back to Leer. “Zing it! No! I’ll get out by way of the hole inside the neckline of my space suit. I selected an extra-large for my slender figure. We’re conducting this investigation. And we’re going to solve it. I promise.” She twists both her two naked arms from the two different space suit sleeve slots, lifting an upper torso through the opening, using both her arms and her legs to lift the rest of her body out from the neckline of the space suit. She flips her body around climbing down over one of the permanently bent space arms, like a ladder, jumping down on the floor into a squat position. She slowly stands and spins around presenting a slightly embarrassed smile to see Mrs. Doil. Her toes enjoy the warm surface. She smiled. “Ah! The warmth of the floor feels good to my cold feet. I am Outlaw Eartha.”
Leer depresses the gravity button and halts a few inches from the floor setting the hover mode and presses the release button. The space suit sounds with a set of tiny pings as each metal latch pops open. The side of the body cast slowly drifts open. He wiggles side to side jumping down on top the heated floor. He smiles with a nod. He said, “Hi! I am Outlaw Leer!” He turns and moves back to the rear of the space suit opening the compartment and then spins around moving to the space suit on Eartha. He stops and opens the rear compartment on her space suit, too, wiping the sweat from his wet face and hairline also.
The young woman wears a pink-tinted outfit, a sleeveless top and a pair of loose flowing matching trousers with a pair of naked feet too. Her face is red colored with tears stains from her worries and exhaustion. She does not extend her hand, instead wiping off her runny snot from her two nose holes. Her flowing tears fall down from both of her two eyeballs and as she dabs with a small cloth handkerchief.
Eartha and Leer moves ahead and surround the young mother.
The exterior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides open, within the outer space environment, based on his heat signature similar to Leer and Eartha. Renato flies through the air into the single vacuum chamber and then lands on top of the naked concrete floor. The exterior glass door closes shut behind his body, cutting off the outer space molecules. His space suit of wiggling gel quickly peels out from his physical body, slapping against the ceiling, the floor, and two side walls. The wiggling gel immediately freeze in place around the enclosed room but not on the stationary body of Renato. Renato does not possess one wiggling molecule of colored gel from the space suit, instead he wears a sleeveless shirt and a pair of trousers in the color of light aquamarine. He stands on his naked feet inside the sealed tiny room, holding his transparent face mask. Both two side walls, the ceiling, the floor, and the front and rear glass doors are decorated and then freeze in an array of pretty glittering colors of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow tiny particles of the gel. The interior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides open.
A female voice says via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Renato walks over the heated floor with his naked feet, moving out from the vacuum chamber and into the house, holding his face mask. He said with a smile and a nod. “Mrs. Doil, it is a pleasure to see you again.” The interior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides close.
Mrs. Doil rushes to stand in front of Renato, without a smile, between her two swollen eyeballs, her runny nose of snot, and her swollen red colored face of tears. She exclaimed with worry, “Did you find my little girl? Is she with you? Where’s she? Where’s my daughter?”
“No.” Renato stated. He stands in place and points to the Outlaws. “I have brought a set of Outlaws. They will find your little girl. I will leave now. I have done my job, getting the pair of Outlaws to you, Mrs. Doil. Please tell them everything. They will find your little girl. Good day.” He spins around with a smile and walks back to the glass door, stopping. The interior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides open. He walks forward over a floor of frozen gel inside the vacuum chamber, stopping and standing in the middle of the enclosed chamber of solid colored gel and slaps on the face mask over his face. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber closes.
The mechanics hiss expelling the oxygen molecules from the chamber. Then the outer space molecules invade the enclosed chamber with a set of pings, making the frozen gel wiggle into life. All the particles of colored gel detach and slap onto his naked body parts and his aquamarine colored clothes covering him from the hair roots down to a pair of wiggling toes, except not over the face mask.
The ceiling, the floor, and the two side walls are cleaned and bright showing off the rough, whitish-colored concrete slab. There is not one single molecule of frozen gel inside the chamber. All the wiggling gel covers Renato. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into the outer space, leading towards the twelfth band.
Renato lifts up and floats out from the chamber pedaling through the air with both of his arms, moving out of the vacuum chamber and into the Zero Gravity atmosphere. He halts in the air and spins around wearing a smile, viewing the two Outlaws through the clear glass inside the interior vacuum room. The door closes shut.


Interior house of Mrs. Doil
98:11 hours/minutes (early afternoon)


Eartha reaches out and touches the naked arm of the young mother, directing the mother to one of the side pieces of sitting furniture for the formal interview of the crime. Doil does not move. Eartha exhales with a puff of worry and lifts her hand in the air, spinning around, sitting inside one of the sitting chairs against the viewing window. She leans down tapping on her palmer to record the information of the missing child. She stated, “We’re here to help, Mrs. Doil. Please tell us everything that you can about your child.”
Mrs. Doil spins around to face Eartha looking down with her sad face at the floor, pacing side to side over the floor on her naked feet. She wipes her runny nose snot and her eyeball tears of worry. She stated, “She is three years old. She loves her mom. She does not go outside without me at any time. I don’t understand. She was missing from her bedroom the next day after the operation.”
“Her bedroom?” Leer stated. He turns and viewed beyond the interior vacuum room, seeing a dark narrow hallway, wearing a confused brow. “If the child was taken from her bedroom, then I’ll go around and check over the rest of the house for any evidence of a break-in. Is that okay, Mrs. Doil?”
Doil paces back and forth in front of Eartha feeling her worried heart. She said. “Please do. I want my child back today. I want my child found now.”
“What operation?” Eartha asked. She looks up and stares at the nose profile on the young mother.
Doil continues to pace back and forth over the floor, without viewing Eartha. She said with several head nods, “The operation, she had a brain tumor. She had a brain operation at the hospital. It was in the morning, the operation. She came back home a few hours later in the morning time too. She was happy and tired. She took a nap. She slept all day and night. I was worried. But the physician told me that was normal for her to sleep all day and night until the next morning, part of the operation. The next morning, I opened her bedroom door and she was gone, out of her bed. She did sleep there. The sheets were ruffled and messy. Where is my little girl?”
Leer moves ahead to the window presenting his stern face and his trained eyeballs, seeing Renato inside one of the trolleys. He asked, “Where is the office of the administrator located?”
Doil paces back and forth over the hard floor on her naked feet without viewing Leer or Eartha. She said, “In the commercial band, the sixteenth one.”
Eartha nodded with a stern face. “All right! We have established interest for a site visit to the hospital next, since your daughter had a medical operation.”
“O! That makes sense!” Leer smiled. He sidesteps across the viewing window observing the landscape, bumping into the scattered piece of hard stone of frozen glittering gel of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow. “Ouch!” He whispered for his eardrums only. “Wow! The planet of Pluto here on the thirteenth band is ugly and crowded. And no food platters for my growling stomach. All this outer space trip makes him tired and hungry.” He stops and turns around viewing the rest of the room. “Is this called a visitor vacuum room, too?”
Doil continues to pace back and forth over the floor, wiping off her rolling snot and tears with her wet handkerchief, without viewing Leer or Eartha. She stated, “The front room is called the vacuum room in all the houses.”
Leer studies the room like the warehouse lounge room with a simple design. There is not a set of individual pieces of stone furniture only a set of scattered furniture pieces. There are only three tables with the same ugly and weird childish art pieces. He is satisfied. The child did not exit from this room, since it led into outer space.
Leer turns and moves down the narrow hallway on his naked feet, stopping and standing at the first open door on his right, the kitchen. The kitchen is neat and clean. Doil looks tired and worried, probably has not eaten either. He enters and scoots around the clean counters of glittering and frozen gel. He huffed. “All the furniture and the tables and the counters are made from the lava parts and pieces coming out of the River of Lava and its pretty gel colors. I guess it is used for more than one purpose.” He stops and stands in front of the refrigerator, opening the door, presenting a smile. “Ah! There is fresh supply of food. I see the leg-less cow, the leg-less chicken too.” He reaches out and grabs the cooked chicken leg, smelling the item and then eats it. “Fresh. Good.” He chews on the food, moving around the kitchen, studying the room.
The chicken leg is not the real leg on the dead chicken. The Uranus-grown chicken is leg-less, wing-less, and bone-less. The chicken leg is bone-less and made of juicy dark meat.
The kitchen setting is a square-shaped design with two walls of viewing windows, showing the landscape of Pluto.
Leer stands and chews on the food viewing the side window. This eyeball view clearly shows numerous bands. The thirteenth band contains one hourglass-shaped house after another as the band moves around the planet, so you can see a curved angle of each matching house.
Each house holds a circular room which is the vacuum room in the front of the house.
The fourteenth and the fifteenth bands are only composed of the flat, flowing river of lava. Every once in a while, a trolley kart sails by the window, empty of both cargo and people.
Parallel to the fifteenth band, a row of very tall or squat white-colored buildings are separated by a thick section of pretty wiggling lava. The commercial band is both pretty and ugly.
Leer frowned. “Ugh! It is not a nice view here, either. You can’t see the beautiful white stars or the deep black outer space from the reflection of each white building. O! That makes sense. The white colored brightens a dull day into almost a solar daylight.” He finishes eating the chicken leg, wiping both his hands on his new clothes and then turns back to see the refrigerator. He opens the door seeing a cup of liquid and reaches inside drawing out the glass. He smells it and then smiles. Leer stated, “Cow milk. Moo.” He drinks the glass, smashing his lips for delicious. “Good.” He spins around wiping off his dirty lips and slowly moves back into the narrow hallway hearing the voice of Eartha inside the front vacuum room.
Eartha said. “I would like to interview your husband.”
Doil continues to pace back and forth without viewing Eartha. She stated, “My husband passed away.”
“I am so sorry. Are there other family members for me to interview, today?”
“No.” Doil stated. She continues to pace back and forth and feels worry for her missing daughter.
Leer stops and stands in front of the closed door, reaching out and touching the door knob. It is cold metal. He opens the door seeing a bedroom. The room is neat and clean. All the bed furniture pieces are made of the glittering and frozen gel again. He closes the door and hears Eartha’s voice.
Eartha exhales with frustration. She asked. “Mrs. Doil, has anyone else interviewed you about this? Has anyone else taken a statement from you about your daughter?”
Doil continues to pace back and forth, without viewing Eartha. She stated, “No.”
She stated. “Zing it! We must start from the beginning. Your daughter had an operation, came home the next day, and was missing that next morning. You do not have any other blood relative here to take care of your daughter. Is this correct?”
“Yes.”
“Does your child sleep walk at night?”
“No.” Doil stated.
Leer turns and enters a second open archway standing inside the archway, sipping on the cold milk. The room is a square-shaped living room setting with a sofa and two chairs. He moves ahead and then turns sitting on top of the sofa. He sounds with a low grunt. He said, “The chair feels like rock and made from stone minerals. Right toe! Plutonians are some hard asses to sit on these hard those luxury pieces for hours.” He stands with laughter turning to see the glass window, wearing with a sour frown. He said, “Whoa! This little eye bird view is much, much worse on this side of the house. I see more curved houses and more curved buildings and more of river of pretty slime. Pretty slime, yeah, the river of pretty slime. I gotta go and tell that one to Eartha.” He chuckles and scans the rest of the child’s bedroom.
There are two walls of half-way viewing windows with a set of built-in shelving around the bottom. There is one mounted hologram frame with the mother and the child. On the entrance wall, there is the door frame and no other furniture pieces. The room is sparse with family pictures and personal objects.
The palmer is the only communication devise for voice, data, visual information, and entertainment programs. No person watches a large object on the wall or in the corner of the room. Everyone watches their personal palmer screen for fun and for business.
Leer looks down to see a pile of toys and presents a sad frown. So, there really is a child living here. He feels bad eating their food and drinking their milk, but he will find the child and send a basket of food to the young mother.
Darsha initials that kind act within the Pond. When a crime is committed and the criminal receives punishment, the victim receives a basket of fresh fish or fresh fruit. The action is Darsha’s way of sharing the victory with the victims keeping the social relationship with the Outlaws on Neptune. And it works beautifully.
Once Leer finds the child, Darsha will send a fruit basket to Mrs. Doil here on Planet Pluto coming from the Neptune Outlaw Office.
He moves through the archway and into the hallway turning down to the next closed door and then stops. He sounds with a huff of nervousness. This room is the child’s room. He reaches out and touches the door knob feeling it cold too and then twists his wrist bone. The door opens.
The room is similar to the master bedroom with two walls of windows. The window view is a shitty presentation of a scene with more ugly buildings in front, within the ninth band, and more hourglass structures beside the thirteenth band. The child’s room is messy with a set of ruffled bed linens and a pillow on top of the pink tinted metal bed.
So, there had not been a body struggle with the child inside the master’s bedroom or the child’s bedroom setting.
The room contains a pile of toys from playtime which are not scattered around the floor from numerous foot movements. So, the fight and the kidnapping of the child must have been done outside in the hallway, when the mother was asleep during the nighttime hours.
Leer moves further inside and stops at the window slapping his palm on the glass, feeling the coldness and pulls it back, without getting a burn. The side window is in place surrounded with the pretty glittering gel around the edges of the pane. He turns to see the other window with the same pretty glittering gel edges too. The kidnapper did not use the windows.
The lights go dark inside the child’s room.
He continues to stand inside the child’s room and hears the voice of his partner inside the vacuum room.
Eartha said with a stern face. “To me, it sounds like we need to interview the physician and the hospital. So, we’re going to visit the surgeon. What’s his name?”
Doil continues to pace back and forth over the floor, without viewing Eartha. She stated, “Taradiddle.”
Eartha gasps in shock. She shouted. “Zing it! The lights are dark. What happened in here?”
Doil looks up and views the glass windows seeing a black skyline of outer space and the billions of white twinkling stars. She smiled. “My house is flowing over to the dark side or night side of Planet Pluto. This happens sometimes. The house lies on top of a flowing band of pretty lava. The planet rotates every 153 hours from day into night. But the movement of the band drives a set of houses into the night side of Pluto, before the sunset, so to speak.”
Eartha blinks her two eyelashes as her two eyeballs adjusts to the darkness. “She stated, “This is very an unexpected show.”
“Wait a second! The night lights will kick on now.” Doil smiled.
The interior overhead lights reflect off the solid white concrete floor and then brightened up each dark room during the night time phase of Pluto.
Inside the child’s room, Leer grabs his heart from his pretend heart attack, exhaling with a huff of relief. He is shocked into silence with terrible images of monsters or aliens or kidnappers with guns. The room has brightened showing the same bedroom scene, a messy bed linen and a pile of scattered toys.
There is no evidence of a kidnapper inside the child’s room.
Leer swings around and leaves the room turning back down the narrow hallway to the last room in the small house and stops inside the archway. He sounds with a gasp. He hears Eartha’s voice.
Eartha shakes her short curls and then rolls her eyeballs staring back at Mrs. Doil. She shouted, “Zing it! We are back into the light. I have the physician’s name Taradiddle. Where does he live on Pluto? What is your child’s name? Do you have a recent hologram of your daughter for us, as well?”
Doil moves to one of the side tables and then stops reaching out, grabbing her personal palmer. She spins around and taps on the device holding the picture in the air and then moves back to Eartha. She said, “Here! You can have copies of all my personal files on Pluto. It has all the information that you seek with addresses, names, places, times, and holograms.” Eartha sits and lifts her palmer in the air as Doil stops and stands in front of Eartha slowly placing the palmer face even with Eartha’s. The two machines beep in color and sound in mute tones of tings and pings and then it stops.
“Thanks!” Eartha offered. She jerks her palmer down from the air and the communication device of Doil, tapping and verifying the data transfer.
“Evatisha Doil, my daughter, that’s her name.” Doil stated. She looks down with a sad face to see the hologram of her daughter, wiping off her tears and her runny snot balls again.
Inside the narrow hallway, the tiny machines attack his naked feet with its heated vengeance.
“House machines, little metal beasties!” Leer stated. He sneers and steps over each working machine, moving ahead, scanning the room and then stops at the archway. “Another vacuum room with a pair of flying zero gravity space suits for a mother and a child. Right toe! A child lives here. There are two types of evidence for a child. Why? How? Who? What’s going on here?” He leans back and twists his face wearing a puzzled brow. He yelled, “Eartha, come here! You are not going to believe what I have found.”
Eartha stood with a nod to Doil. “Our next interviewing investigation is with the physician named Taradiddle. His personal home address is Building 1919. I want to see the white of his eyeballs, when I ask about Evatisha. Is that around here and down the street? Do you take a trolley from here to get to there?” She spins around and views the door entrance way, exhaling with a puff of frustration at working in a Zero Gravity atmosphere on Pluto.
Doil turns with a smile and as her two swollen eye sockets view Eartha. She stated, “Yes, you should study his eyeballs for the truth. And no, it is located on the nineteenth band of 1900. That’s the really nice part of Pluto.” She swings around and marches down a narrow hallway toward the rear of the house wearing a stern face, wiping off the wet tears. “This is the rear of the house, if you wish. The front of the house faces the fourteenth band of pretty flowing lava. The fourteenth band of lava has all the empty trolleys for you to try and get to the hospital. It is the only transport here. Yeah, I know it’s kinda funny and fun. My little girl likes it. Can you find her, please?”
Eartha turns to face the rear of the house and follows behind Doil. She stated, “Yes ma’am. We’re here and are working on it now. Wait. Where are you going?”
“Eartha, come here.” Leer yelled again.
Eartha dashes down the narrow hallway, viewing each open archway and the closed doors. She asked, “What do you mean this is the rear end of the house? We entered through the front of the house. So, we leave through the front of the house to access the River of Lava. Does your house have a back door? Does it have a back yard too?”


Rear Room
Second vacuum room (outer space to fourteenth band)
98:28 hours/minutes


Leer stands inside the high archway, holding the empty cup, presenting a wide smile.
Doil marches through the archway and then turns standing in the middle of the circular room, presenting a grin and a nod to the two new visitors on Pluto.
Eartha stops and stands beside Leer gasping an open mouth, scanning the room. She stated, “This is another vacuum room, a second one. It is exactly the same in height, width, a continuous window view, and a door with a vacuum chamber. This is the solution to the kidnapping matter. The child was taken out the rear door or the front door or this door.” She jabs her finger at the door and wears a stern face.
Doil shakes her curls and presents a confused brow. She said, “No!” She moves ahead to the glass door, touching it with her naked hand.
The palmer speaker box says via the sensor box. “Attention, you are not wearing a space suit. Go back! Do not enter the chamber! If you enter, then you will die from exposed outer space molecules. Attention, you are not wearing a space suit.”
Doil backsteps from the closed door, swinging around, nodding with a stern face. She said. “The door has a sensor panel for the heat signature of a human and the metal frame of a space suit. You can touch the door and force it open in case of any emergency. But then all types of whistles and alarms will shred your good hearing. My daughter did not go out that door without a space suit. You can see that her small sized space suit is still hanging up on the rack near the window with my personal suit.”
“How did she move outside into outer space without the suit?” Leer frowned.
Doil nodded with a stern face. “She was kidnapped. The kidnapper came inside my house and brought inside his own suit for my daughter. Then he carried her outside. That is the only way. She would die within milliseconds without a space suit. Any human would.”
“Right toe,” Leer exhaled with a huff of confusion.
Doil pointed with a stern face around the window. “Yes, you are correct, Eartha. To access the fourteenth and fifteenth bands, you must move through the interior of a home. I don’t really know why. I suspect that all the neighbors are very good friends or very close relatives. Between each house, there is a tiny, tiny section of exposed lava. A person could float between it. However, it is not wise to flow between the two houses, since the house is built upon a moving river of lava. Each house shakes and shifts side to side. A person could be stuck or lodged between the outside space of zero gravity. No one can hear you. Someone might see you in the daylight, but it will be too late. Everyone is a friend. If the visiting friend wants to go to the store on the sixteenth band, the friend will enter through the rear door of the twelfth band and exit through the front door onto the fourteenth band, since my front and back doors are located on the thirteenth band.”
Leer exhaled. “This is a very weird place.”
Eartha exhales with a puff of annoyance, tapping on her palmer, looking down at the new Pluto address. She said, “So, we need to use your rear door to visit the surgeon named Taradiddle. He lives on the nineteenth band.”
Doil moves around the circular room and stops at the window pointing at the River of Lava and the row of buildings as her house slowly moves away from the buildings on top of the flowing River of Lava, thirteenth band. She said, “Yes, you will exit my house using the rear chamber to your next destination and wearing your space suit to breathe. Then you will jump onto a trolley going clockwise on the fourteenth band and then jump over and onto a new trolley going counterclockwise on fifteenth band.”
Eartha said. “Wait, that only puts us inside the sixteenth band.”
Doil points at each tall, white-tinted building passing by her house. She said. “Yes, the sixteenth band is nothing but all the companies. You will jump from the fifteenth band trolley onto one of the front entrance chambers located on the sixteenth band. Be careful! The sixteenth band rotates around in the opposite direction, too. Sometimes, people miss the first step and then they die. No one floats inside the pool of lava ever. It will suck your body down into the lava, without burning but burying you alive. Every single house and building structure possess a tiny hourglass chamber for this purpose of foot transportation. The planet doesn’t have a set of starships for flying across the surface.”
“So, we were told; so, we have learned.” Leer laughed.
Doil said with a smile and a nod. “Then you walk on the floor or fly through the air from the front entrance chamber to the rear entrance chamber. It is sometimes long or short, depending upon the selected company building. No one will stop you. No one will care. No one will pay much attention. Usually, the hourglass chamber has a set of closed side doors to enter into one of the businesses anyways. You go through the rear entrance chamber and jump onto the seventeenth band by trolley. The odd bands go counter clock wise. The even bands rotate clockwise. When you jump from the seventeenth to the eighteenth bands, you will wait and hunt for the number 1919. The building number appears on both the front and the rear of the building for identification. Do you understand?”
Leer frowned. “I understand too little. And I gotta do too much.”
“Leer!” Eartha frowned at Doil. “Yes, we both understand. Get our gear and fly out the door again!” She spins around and starts to jog down the narrow hallway with Leer in hot pursuit.


Front of hourglass design house
First vacuum room (outer space to twelfth band)
98:36 hours/minutes


Eartha stops. Leer runs into her fanny then halts exhaling with a gasp. She swings around with a giggle and a grin, handing the palmer. She stated, “Please, hold it, so I can climb back into my space suit.”
She swings around and races to the rear end on the space suit reaching out and slams the outer compartment shut. She turns and faces the side view on her space suit. She ordered, “Please, spot me, too, Leer, so I can fall backwards on top of you.”
Leer rushes ahead then stops standing behind an upright Eartha, lifting both of his arms in the air without touching her body part. She reaches out and grabs onto the two permanently crooked and bent arms, climbing up the space suit, twisting around to face Leer and then stands inside her space suit. Eartha stated, “Please hand back my palmer.” He hands the palmer back to her. She smiles with a wink. “Thanks, honey!” She wiggles side to side slowly twisting down into the body cast as both her arms and her legs enter the individual four slots. Eartha stands inside the broken space suit placing her palmer inside the slot for safety and then turns grabbing and tugs on her face mask. She locks it in place. She drags her longer hair strands into the head portion and then nods with a smile, in silence, to Mrs. Doil.
Leer spins around and leaps up from the heated floor flying in the air, performing a cool slid into the upright body cast on his space suit as the suit slightly shakes side to side. He wiggles his body parts into each arm and the leg slot working the interior controls to dance and to fly through outer space environment again. He reaches out and pulls the manual hand-handle towards his chest. His space suit closes with a slurp and then sounds with a set of tiny tings as each snap closes and readies for outer space walking. He reaches down and tugs on the tether line, pulling and clips the face mask in place. He said with a smile to Eartha. “I’m ready. I’ll move first through the rear vacuum chamber and wait for you, Eartha.” He depresses the gravity button floating up towards the high ceiling and presses the thruster button forward twisting sideways then flies forward through the narrow hallway of the house.
“Okay! Go ahead of me!” Eartha stated. She depresses the gravity button floating up towards the ceiling, pressing the thruster button forward and then spins around traveling through the air behind Leer, heading down the narrow hallway.


Second vacuum room (outer space to the fourteenth band)
98:44 hours/minutes


The glass door on the rear vacuum chamber sparkles underneath the dull lights. Leer halts and floats in mid-air as the door reads his heat signature. The door slides open. He floats inside and halts inside the middle of the vacuum chamber. The door closes. He hears the hisses that expel all the oxygen molecules and then invade the chamber with a flood of outer space molecules with a set of soft pings. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space, onto the fourteenth band.
Leer sails out the archway and into outer space floating over a slab of concrete that represents the back patio on the Doil’s house. He halts and waits for Eartha. He views the River of Lava detailing an assortment of sailing white-colored trolleys. Some of the trolleys house people, standing and riding to their final destination. No person is horse playing or walking around the shifting trolley for both protection and safety. He looks up with a smile to see the blackness of outer space and the bright twinkling stars and then looks down to see the ugly buildings. However, the River of Lava gleams in the pink, red, blue, green, and yellow colors, within the band, underneath the night.
Inside the rear vacuum room, Eartha flies through the air and stops in front of the glass door, pulling the face mask with a set of sweaty fingers into her face, slamming the glass door with her bend wrist on her space suit. Her two bent elbows prevent both of her hands from shifting and moving in a forward motion at any object in front of her chest. The door opens. She sails through the air and floats into the vacuum chamber with a Zero Gravity atmosphere. She hears the hisses of expelled group of oxygen molecules and then an invasion of the outer space molecules. The door opens.
Eartha sails through the air from the vacuum chamber, floating beside Leer within a Zero Gravity atmosphere, wearing a stern face. She spoke through the transmitter of the space suit. “Zing it! We catch and board a trolley on the fourteenth band from Mrs Doil’s house. It flows in the direction of clock wise which is the opposite direction of the fifteenth band. I can see the big glittering colorful gel numbers on each building on the sixteenth band. We’re standing across from the number building 1613. The buildings are sorta numbered in the same numeric pattern.”
Leer examines her space suit. He asked, “How’s your space gear? Is it functioning? Can you fly? Or do you need to walk over the trolley floor?”
She scans the River of Lava, the forward tall buildings, and the night sky. Eartha said, “Yeah! I function greatly. I don’t hear or feel any hissing sounds on my naked limbs. That’s the first sign of trouble. My elbows are still crooked. But I’m not shoving a set of croaking metal around. My gear should hold up, until we leave from here.”
He grinned. “Good. I think we should float over the fourteenth and the fifteenth trolley floors using our zero gravity buttons and thruster packs inside our space suits. We don’t need to waste time walking over the trolley floor or holding onto the railing as we move in different direction and further away or closer to the sixteenth band. Then we should enter the building sorta diagonally in front of us. If Doil is correct, we fly through the first hour-glass vacuum chamber and out the rear glass door directly onto the seventeenth and the eighteenth bands too. And we do the same thing just fly over the concrete on thrusters. I don’t wanna waste too much more time. We need to interview the physician and the hospital staff quickly to solve this case.”
“I agree.” She smiled.
Leer does not shove Eartha forward towards the River of Lava. He said, “You should lead but fly over the solid floor of the trolley. I don’t want to rescue your ass in case of an accident. I don’t like the color of pink on my space suit.” He chuckled. “I’ll follow behind her ass. If you need help, yell through our shared transmitter speakers. Go!”
Eartha laughed. “O poo! I like pink slime on my space suit.” She presses the thruster button forward flying over the River of Lava, over the floor on the sailing first trolley and then halts hovering in the air. She waits for a second trolley from the opposite side to sail in front of her suit.
Leer follows behind her over the River of Lava, onto the floor of the trolley, and hovers in the air too.
The glittered particles of pink, green, blue and yellow fall down from the sky and through the open trolley landing directly on top of Leer’s arm. He turns with a gasp and jerks his arm side to side in the air, wiggling an arm up and down in slow motion within the Zero Gravity atmosphere. He yelled with a worried brow. “Get it off! Ah! Off! Off! Get off…”
Eartha slowly spins around in the air and wears a worried brow, after hearing Leer’s yell inside her space suit, seeing the commotion. She presses the gravity button and as her boots land on top of the trolley.
A very small, palm-sized portion of glittering gel has landed on his arm. Leer spins in the air dancing sideways in a circle, presenting a distorted face, wiggling his arm up and down as the tiny pile slowly drips off and dumps down over the concrete slab. Then the pile of gel slithers over the rough concrete dropping back down into the River of Lava, making a loud slurp.
Leer twirls around in a circle in the air shouting with a worried brow. He yelled into the speaker box of his space suit. “It’s alive! The stuff is alive on my arm! It’s melting my space suit!”
Eartha laughs and stands on top of trolley floor. She screamed over his yells. “No! Not! You’re okay. Stop spinning in a circle! You’re going to get space sick and vomit into your helmet. Not pretty! Not comfortable!”
The air waves become filled with a series of buss sounds. However, a person cannot hear in outer space. Then the sky becomes filled with an array of flying gel as small portions hit down and splatter on top of the trolley floor.
She depresses the gravity button. Eartha ordered, “Jump, now! Jump! Get off the trolley!” She spins around floating in the air, jumping over the River of Lava, over the floor of the second trolley and flies a second River of Lava then stops in front of a new glass door of the new building. The number reads 1608. She twists around to see the commotion.
Leer flies over the River of Lava missing the floor slab on the second trolley, slamming into the side of the building inside his space suit. The suit ricochets backward from the solid impact. Leer presses the gravity button and drops down landing on top of the slab of concrete. He shouted, “What…what the fuck was that?”
Eartha cannot move her hands but sounds with a laugh looking up with a grin and a giggle to see the numerous flying machines in the air. “An attack…”
Leer slowly twists around and sounds with a sneer. The outer space is filled with a set of tiny machines. Each machine holds a glittering gel colored space suit like Renato. Inside the space suit, there is a short, skinny teenager kid. The kid holds a set of bars on the machine with a set of gloves as one foot stands on top of a single board of concrete. The other foot whips back and forth in the air. The bottom layer of the concrete is lined with the glittering gel.
Leer frowned, “Can it fly?”
Eartha turns around and views the river bank. She stated, “Look down the bank on the River of Lava. This is the sixteenth band, where all the companies are located and the school. It’s a school structure, where all the short, skinny kids are getting out of session and racing home on their homemade machines. What is that?”
“An annoyant,” Leer shouted. He snorts as each kid passes above his head in the air.
The soaring machine does not stay in flight long as it deceases and hits down into the River of Lava and then bounces back up into the night sky over and over again with each kid, without hitting a trolley or another human.
In front of Building 1608, the exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens from the fifteenth band, allowing entrance into the structure.
Eartha spins around and flies into the vacuum chamber at Zero Gravity and then stops. She said via the transmitter inside the space suit. “Come on inside, Leer! This chamber is huge for twenty or more space suits. The business office party is here.”
Leer presses the thruster forward and lifts up from the exterior slab concrete, flying into the vacuum chamber, floating in mid-air next to Eartha. The door closes shut behind a pair of back spines. The mechanics hisses to expel all the outer space molecules and then the sound mutes into a set of soft tings, invading the chamber with a set of oxygen breathing molecules. The interior glass door of vacuum chamber opens to the entrance inside the new building.
A male voice says via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Eartha and Leer sail out the chamber flying through the air, moving down a large hallway towards the end of the hour-glass vacuum room.
Eartha scans the hallway during flight. She said, “Not pretty in here either, the walls are all solid metal.”
Leer examines the hallway during flight, too. He said, “Metal and machine are never pretty. It has breathable air and lots of closed doors. It must be working hours. I don’t see any persons running around and leaving the building. So, if the school is getting out, then it must be the early afternoon here on Pluto. The Pluto time is seventeen hundred hours or later. I wonder what the building is. What the people do?”
“I don’t care.” She stated. Eartha returns back exhaling with a sigh of annoyance and views the glass door at the end of the hallway. “I wanna wrap up this missing kid case now. I feel like I’ve worked in outer space for forty eight hours straight, without rest. My arm and leg muscles are getting mushy along with my brain cells. I have not had to do this much physical and mental exercise since my first day of outlaw school.” She stops in front of the second glass door on the vacuum chamber, slapping it with her wrist. The inner vacuum door opens.
They enter and float in mid-air. The door closes behind a back spine. They hear the hisses of the mechanics as it expels the oxygen atoms and then loads the vacuum chamber with outer space molecules. When any enclosed chamber is not flooded with a set of invisible outer space molecules, the space suit will buckle and bend from the sudden impact of outer space, which can damage the survival unit and the human inside.
The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space onto the seventeenth band.


Seventeenth and Eighteenth Bands, River of Lava
98:51hours/minutes


Eartha flies out first crossing the rough concrete slab of Building 1612, over the exposed River of Lava, over the first trolley on seventeenth band and then stops landing in front of the upper railing on top of the second trolley floor on the eighteenth band. This trolley is made like the previous ones presenting an empty floor without cargo and people.
Leer sails through the air behind her and then stops landing behind Eartha, reaching up and grabs the upper railing frame. His other arm lowers down and wraps around her waistline for her body protection and safety.
The two bent elbows on her space suit cannot become un-folded, without damaging the space suit and Eartha. It is not a life threatening pose for her as long as Leer serves as her hands in outer space work.
Eartha exhales with a puff of annoyance, looking at each building for the number 1919. She stated, “We’re making some progress with the first interview of the eye witness. I think. I hope. Zing it. Doil said that her daughter was at home after the brain surgery. Then she was gone the next day. So far, I’m suspecting that the physician had something to with this.”
Leer wobbles side to side as the trolley shifts up and down through the smooth flowing lava particles. He asked, “How about a blood relative that might have committed the criminal act?”
“No! Doil does not have another blood relative here on Pluto. Her husband passed away.”
“Right toe! Did you ask for her occupation on Pluto? Could one of her employment co-workers be responsible for the child’s kidnapping instead?”
Eartha exhaled with defeat. “No.”
He frowned. “Why not?”
“Why didn’t you?” She snapped.
Leer buzzes his pair of lips and then presents a stern face. He said, “I was scouting all over the interior of the house. The house was small for a very good short search. Each room showed the ugly tall buildings and the close-up bedrooms of their next door neighbors through the pretty glass windows with the creepy glittering gel. This place is so weird.”
She frowned, “Yeah, this place is different. I didn’t think of asking her employment. Mrs. Doil was very upset. And no other Plutonian had interviewed the mother about her missing child. Anyways, she freely gave me all her personal files. I can look it up when we reach the physician’s home or when we finally return to our hotel for the evening. Wait! It’s evening here.”
He laughed. “Wait! It’s not evening here. The shifting River of Lava on the thirteenth band has flipped us to the dark side. It is daylight here for another thirty eight more hours. I think.”
She smiled, “Yeah, this planet is weird.”
He smiled. “I have good news. The house did not show any damage from a broken window or a broken door. The child’s room held a regular mess like a ruffled bed cover and some scattered toys.”
She gasped. “The child was taken from the bedroom. A ruffled bed cover and the scattered toys are the clues to the kidnapping.”
He frowned. “No, I didn’t see a set of blood stains or lumps of pulled out brown hair on the floor…”
“The clean up machines did the job.”
“On the bed, there was not one single blood stain from a fight or a lock of hair from a struggle on the bed linens. The child was taken outside in the hallway while her mother slept from the surgery. Maybe, she got up and got some food. She was three years old and old enough to go into the kitchen alone and get something. And she had been sleeping all day and was hungry.”
“So, it was a burglar and not a kidnapping.”
He said. “Maybe, it was a burglary that want wrong, somehow. We have to think of every avenue of crime here on Pluto that does have a crime or a criminal, until yesterday.”
“Maybe, it was staged, and it went wrong.”
He said. “I thought of that too. But there are piles of toys for a child and a tiny flying outer space suit and the bedroom of tiny clothes and a set of bed linens with a picture of pretty pink unicorns. The mother was really crying and upset. You can fake a lot of stuff. But that snot would not stop running down her red chapped nose holes. So, we will collect more information from the physician of the brain surgery. That’s a very dangerous operation. I would think that the little girl is lucky to be alive.”
She said with a stern face. “And I believe that might be a very good point to investigate. Doil said that her daughter was laughing and happy right after the surgery. So, the surgery was fake? So, the surgery was real? The surgery was performed on a unique little girl, who survived and lived. Maybe, she should not have lived. Maybe, she survived with some weird DNA genome, which makes her very special to become kidnapped.”
He said. “I agree. The young mother appeared to be not rich or famous or genius smart or really beautiful. So, I agree that the girl has a usual DNA strand. In the world of outer space, a unique DNA strand would be very valuable for every human being.”
“I spy Building 1919.” Eartha smiles. She pulls away from Leer and wears a stern face moving across the trolley floor, over the exposed River of Lava, and then stands on top of a shifting slab of concrete in front of Building 1919. She looks up seeing the tall building wearing a puzzled brow. She stated. “This house is very, very nice. The medical physician is very, very wealthy person.”
He scans the landscape on the nineteenth band seeing more pretty lava flowing particles rather than house structures. Leer frowned. “Now, I wonder, if the medical physician is very, very wealthy due to some other little missing girls.”
She turns and sneers into the nose profile on Leer. Eartha said, “That’s a good point, Leer! We should inquire, if someone else is missing on Pluto.”
He tilts back his space helmet looking up with a confused brow at the three-story tall house. The house is comprised of white concrete slabs with an array of numerous long, wide, large glass windows on the second and third floors. The rear of the house looks exactly like the hour-glass house owned by Mrs. Doil. Leer said with a sour frown. “The answer is no. This is the only crime, since the year 2053. Do we enter without knocking or announcing our presence?”
The exterior door of Building 1919 is made of transparent glass like the other vacuum chambers. Around the door frame, there is a set of glittering gel of pretty lava particles like the other vacuum chambers, too. She stated, “Yes, we do.” Eartha leans over and bumps into the exterior glass door with the wrist of her bent arm, presenting a sour frown. The door slides open. She lifts up in the air and floats inside the middle of the vacuum chamber hovering in mid-air. The exterior door closes shut her back spine. She hears the hissing sounds of expelled outer space molecules and then the soft tings of flooded oxygen molecules inside the vacuum chamber. Then the interior glass door of the vacuum chamber slides open.


19th Band, Building 1919
Home of medical physician Karnard Taradiddle
100:09 hours/minutes (late afternoon of 153 full rotation hours)

 
A male voice states via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Eartha presses the thruster button forward and sails from the vacuum chamber, floating through the air inside a new living room setting, seeing the male.
The male is sitting on top of a long, thickly padded sofa in bright green colors. The sofa is located on the side wall, within a circular room format, in front of a continuous glass window. He presents a bald head, a sweet smile, a yellow colored soft pajamas type outfit, and a pair of naked feet, like her.
Eartha presses the gravity button and lowers down her space suit boots a few inches from the hard surface of pretty colored lava gel, setting the hover mode. She removes the face plate allowing the item to float in the air via a tether line, opening up her damaged space suit. She wiggles out of the individual slots of two crooked arms and two straight-shaped legs, climbing down from the space suit, standing on top of a heated floor in pair of naked feet. She wiggles both her toes and fingers and giggles with a soft tone, feeling funny about a criminal Outlaw investigation in bare feet. She spins around and slaps the compartment open on her space suit. Then she turns and extended her naked arm wearing a smile, moving ahead to the sitting medical physician. She wipes the sweat from her dirty forehead and her wet hairline.
The male smiles with a nod still sitting on the padded sofa. He invited, “Have a seat along the wall.”
Eartha stumbles over her naked feet and then stops feeling the rudeness from the new eye witness. She slips over and slides down onto a long sofa in yellow hue, alone, staring with a sour frown at the physician male, who does not introduce his person.
The room is designed with a circular-shape and one continuous viewing window showing off the ugly tall company buildings in the front of the hourglass-shaped house. Underneath the window, there is a set of long padded sofas and a matching side table of glittering lava particles of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow like the other vacuum rooms. In the middle of the floor, there is a set of very large art pieces of frozen in time swirling and twirling lava particles that glittered underneath a set of tiny whitish colored artificial lights from the high ceiling.
The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens again.
A male voice states via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Leer presses the thruster button forward, sails from the vacuum chamber, and enters the new room halting in the air, lowering his space suit boots a few inches from the heated floor. He presses the release button as the space suit pops open on one side exposing his slender body and his pair of naked feet. Leer jumps down nodding with a smile to the strange male, turning and slapping open the compartment on the rear of the space suit also.
The male smiles with a nod back to Leer still sitting on top of a padded sofa, without moving or standing for a proper greeting to Leer, either. He turns and smiles at Eartha. He stated, “Renato told me that you were coming here.”
Leer turns and moves across the heated floor, feeling the warmth on his naked feet and then stops at the viewing window, scratching his sweaty chin and his wet hairline of sweaty hair follicles. He can see the sixteenth band, a row of ugly tall buildings of business companies as the room shifts slightly underneath his naked feet. The River of Lava slowly rotates a row of buildings in the same direction on the nineteenth band. Eartha wants to take the lead for the investigation, after interviewing the young mother of the missing child. So, Leer will scout around for any physical evidence of the crime, such like, a blood protein or a hair follicle or another piece of material matter using his two naked eyeballs, two naked hands, and two naked feet inside the hour-glass shaped house of Taradiddle. He is satisfied standing at the window, seeing the same ugly objects and spins around to see the rest of the rooms.
The single living room setting holds the same circular pattern both grandiose and glittery than the warehouse lounge room and the smaller residential house owned by Mrs. Doil. The rear wall is curved into a single open archway with shadows of individual rooms beyond the single curved entrance point, where Leer cannot venture ahead without permission from Taradiddle or an arrest from Renato. There is a set of two tables on each side of the open archway with food items and a second side table with a display of two empty sitting chairs.
Leer shuffles ahead to the food table then stops, reaching out, fetching an empty plate and then piles on a heap of food items. He slowly spins around and moves ahead to the other long side table, sitting in the chair, chewing on the food and listens to the tense conversation between Eartha and Taradiddle.
Eartha wiggles sideways inside the comfortable sofa, tilting her chin to the side, trying to see the male, who sits directly behind one of the larger art pieces inside the middle of the room. She suspects the male has selected that particular sitting sofa spot, so she cannot watch his facial expressions. She exhales with a puff of frustration, calming her racing heart rate and her active mind. She stated without a smile, “Good morning.”
“It is after the morning time.” The male said. He continues to smile without a head nod and without seeing Eartha while hiding behind a collection of art pieces inside the middle of the room. The room shifts and then wobbles, again, over the flowing River of Lava movement and as the huge art pieces cover his smile.
Eartha leans over to the side of the art piece and wears a stern face, without seeing the face of Taradiddle again. She stated, “Good afternoon, I am Outlaw Eartha. That is Outlaw Leer, my partner. We were asked by Administrator Renato to come and find a missing child here on Pluto, since there is not an available outlaw program. An Outlaw is an outer space law enforcement officer of the Solar System, who aids in solving all crimes within the planets. So, we have talked to the mother of the missing child. She lives on the thirteenth band. She mentioned that her child had a medical operation in the hospital; you were the medical surgeon for the surgical operation.”
“True.”
Eartha clears her dry throat with annoyance coming from his rude manners. She advised, “I am recording our conversation on my palmer. Is that alright?”
“Yes.”
“Could you speak your name, please?”
“Karnard Taradiddle, medical physician and surgeon.”
Eartha asked, “The child had a medical operation. The mother said the child had a brain tumor. What exactly is a brain tumor?”
The room slightly shifts again over the rough waves coming from the flowing River of Lava. Taradiddle leans back into the soft fabric of the sofa, exhibiting a nod and a grin, without seeing Eartha, hiding behind one of his gigantic art pieces. He stated, “An intracranial neoplasm occurs, when a set of abnormal cells forms within the brain…”
She looks down with a stern face to read the palmer. Eartha said, “Yeah. I can read that here on my palmer, too. What causes it? Why does it exist?”
The room slightly wobbles with motion again as the house floats over a series of rough waves from the River of Lava of the nineteenth band. Taradiddle nods with a smile, without seeing Eartha, still hiding his body and his face behind another huge art piece again. He said, “No one knows what causes a brain tumor. There are many theories. There are many guesses. And there are many risk factors that have been established by the protocols of research.”
Eartha leans around the huge art piece but still cannot face, the face on Taradiddle. She asked, “What are the symptoms?”
Leer finishes the plate of food feeling thirsty and then stands returning back to the food table. He grabs a tumbler of red liquid lifting up and drowning his thirst. Then he removes the tumbler from a face, sitting it down on top of the food table and reaches out for a new plate of food, piling on the new food items. Leer shuffles back to the same table, sitting in the same chair, chewing on the different fresh foodstuff and listens to the tense conversation between Eartha and Taradiddle.
Taradiddle stated, “Some of the brain tumor symptoms include, such like, dizzy headache, nausea upset stomach, vomiting of the food...”
Eartha looks down and points to her palmer. She said, “Yeah. I got that information on my palmer, too.  During the surgery, was there something different or special about the child?”
“No.”
“After the surgery, was there something different or special about the child?”
“No.”
Eartha frowned. “I am sorry. Your answers are somewhat very vague, Dr. Taradiddle. Do you know which young child I am specifically referencing for the brain tumor surgery that was performed yesterday?”
“Do you have the number?”
She frowned. “What number?”
“Each patient admitted into the hospital is assigned a number. I remembered the number of the child that was operated on yesterday.”
“No, I do not have a number. I don’t know that. Do you not know the name of the child for the brain tumor surgery?”
“No.”
She gasped. “No, you do not know this child. Do you know the parent of the child?”
“No.”
“Did you meet the parents of the child at the hospital?”
“No.”
“Karnard…”
He smiled with a nod. “Yes.”
Eartha exhaled with a puff. “Karnard, this is not a professional interview. This is a profession crime of kidnapping. And you are telling me that you do not know the child. You did not meet the parents. You did not meet the parents or the child at the hospital, yesterday. Then why did you perform the medical operation?”
Leer slowly stands from the chair. The room slightly shifts over the rough waves coming from the River of Lava. Leer slightly tilts to the side and offers a silly chuckle spinning around and returns back to the food table. He rests the two dirty plates on top of table surface, searching for a piece of dessert. He reaches out and grabs a clean gel-covered eating plate and then piles on an array of different desserts over the pretty frozen gel surface. He returns back to the same table sitting in the same chair, chewing on the different foodstuffs, and listens to the tense conversation between Earth and Taradiddle.
He smiles with a nod, without seeing Eartha, still hiding behind another huge art piece. He stated, “Purry Mummery performed the brain tumor procedure on the missing child. She is a very young medical physician and surgeon with a set of limited experience on the gray matter.” He chuckles. “I was the more experienced operating medical surgeon and I happened to be present, instructing her step by step through the delicate operation.”
Eartha slides slightly to the side and presents a sour frown seeing one half of his face on Taradiddle. She asked, “Why would Mrs. Doil provide your name to me?”
“I have more experience with brain tumor surgeries. Actually, I invented the brain tumor surgery. It is natural for any person to speak my name. Dr. Mummery met the child and the mother. You would find her more helpful.”
Eartha quickly stands and stares at the half-face that wears a wicked grin on Taradiddle, who still hides the majority of his tall body behind two tall exotic art pieces. She stated with a fake smile and a sour tone. “Thanks for your time, Dr. Taradiddle.” She swings around and moves back to her floating space suit, slapping the panel shut, climbing inside through a set of two bent and crooked space suit arm sleeves. She twists and wiggles side to side finally standing inside the damaged body cast. She reaches out and grabs the tether line on the floating face mask, pulling and drags the plate into built-in space helmet. Eartha dresses her face then opens the face mask to talk. She depresses the gravity button, soaring up towards the ceiling. She halts and hovers over the tallest colorful art piece on top of the flat floor. She stated with a fake smile to Taradiddle. “I do have one more question for you. Is Taradiddle your proper name?”
He looks up at the floating Outlaw and presents a smile sitting cross-legged on top of the soft sofa fabrics, wiggling his naked toes. He stated, “Yes, it is my real name, young miss. My family left Planet Earth, after being born in the country of Great Britain.”
She laughed, “Before my time, Old Man.” Eartha closes her face mask then presses the thruster button forward slowly turning around and flies in the air, slamming her bent wrist into the interior glass door on the vacuum chamber within the living room setting. Taradiddle nods with a silly smile, without correcting the young adult for the rude comment. The door slides open.
Leer places the dirty dessert plate on top of the table surface. He stated with a smile and a nod to Taradiddle, “Have a nice afternoon, sir.” He stands wiping his dirty hands over his slightly Plutonian borrowed dirty clothes, chewing the last piece of the food. He spins around moving back to his floating space suit, hovering a few inches above the heated floor.
Eartha sails in the air into the middle of the vacuum chamber and then hovers. The door slides shut behind her back spine. She hears the hisses of expelled oxygen molecules and then the sounds of tiny tings as the vacuum chamber is invaded with a flood of outer space molecules. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space molecules, on the nineteenth band. She exits from the chamber and hovers over the slab of concrete at Building 1919, waiting for Leer.
Inside the vacuum room, Leer stops slapping shut the open panel in the rear of his space suit, turning and then hops inside the space gear, dressing the space helmet. He slams the face mask shut and then depresses the gravity button floating upwards in the air and turns sailing ahead towards the glass door on the vacuum chamber. He views a floating Eartha through the vacuum chamber glass doors. He stated, “That was weird.”


Nineteenth Band, River of Lava
100:41 hours, late afternoon


Eartha slowly spins around and wears a sour frown viewing the exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber door. She spoke back to Leer through the space helmet transmitter. “Why were you eating in there? Why did you not help with the questioning?”
Leer stops and hovers in front of the glass door as it reads his heat signature. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open. He sails into the vacuum chamber and hovers in the middle of the small room. The door closes shut. He hears the hisses of expelled oxygen molecules, seeing her distorted frown and hears her annoying voice through the space helmet transmitter. He smiled. “I was eating and hungry and thirsty. You were doing a good job of working the criminal questions at the supposed criminal Taradiddle. However, he is not one of the eye witnesses to the crime or the child. We should mark him off our list.” The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space, onto the nineteenth band. He presses the thruster button forward and flies through the open archway, stopping and hovering in the air next to Eartha.
She frowned. “He is still a suspect until the child is found. How can you mark him off the criminal list? We don’t have a great big Santa Claus listing of criminal bodies but him and the new physician named Purry Mummery, who last saw and touched the child.” She looks down with a confused brow inside her space suit, accessing her palmer that holds all the Pluto information from Doil. She stated, “Zing it! So, we go and visit the new surgeon physician. She lives around the corner on this weird planet at Building 1999. We’re located at 1919. That’s eighty houses or avenues or blocks or whatever measurements down the same band or river or whatever floating liquid. I guess we could try and take the trolley again. I don’t feel like flying through outer space on the set of thrusters and hopping from one house slab to another house slab, eighty times.” She spins around in the outer space waves and presses the thruster button forward flying across outer space and then stops. She hovers over the trolley floor, on the eighteenth band, pressing the gravity button and then clamps down her space boots on top of the rough concrete for the trolley ride.
“Me, either!” Leer stated. He twirls around to see the next house in the far, far distance. “I would not suggest that either. Look around at the row of luxury homes on the nineteenth band of Pluto. The next mansion is about two or three thousand feet or more from the nice residence of Dr. Taradiddle.” He completes the twirl and faces the River of Lava, the new floating trolley kart, and Eartha. He presses the thruster forward, flies over the River of Lava and then lands next to Eartha, slapping the gravity button. His space boots clamp down on the floor of the trolley as his eyeballs scan a row of few houses. He said into the transmitter. “While you were grilling Taradiddle, I was eating, but I was spying, too.”
Eartha removes both her naked hands from an individual arm slots, within her space suit, and fiddles with her personal palmer, looking up more information on the two kidnap suspects, Mummery and Taradiddle. She said through the transmitter. “How were you spying? I didn’t see you spying. I saw you eating when I could not see the arrogant smirk on Taradiddle. Did you feel the room shake too? When the room shook, I swore that these tall art pieces shifted too. I couldn’t see his face most of the time during the criminal interview. That’s how you identify a criminal, looking at a pair of shifting eyeballs. Zing it! This investigation is growing cold.”
Leer whirls around and scans the River of Lava, the row of houses, and the skyline. He said, “Yeah, I felt the room shake, too. And this criminal investigation is getting hotter. Did you see the entrance way on the opposite side of the room that led into the rest of the house? The food table was on one side. The eating table was located on the other side with my sitting chair. So, every time I moved to get food, I passed by the open entrance way…”
She looked up with a gasp to see Leer. “You did not! What did you see inside the rest of his house?”
Leer laughed, “Nothing.”
She gasped, “Nothing! There must’ve been something or someone inside the interior of the house, who was hiding inside a room or a shadow in the dark corner.”
He frowned. “I saw nothing, not even a cleaning machine. And a cleaning machine only moves around when it is cleaning up a spill. So, there was not another person inside the house. I believe Taradiddle. He didn’t take the kid. He didn’t perform the medical procedure. He didn’t do anything that was involved in the missing case of a kidnapped child.”
She exhaled. “So, he really is a big piece of whirling art work like his private collection of twirling art pieces all over the middle floor inside the vacuum room. So, how is this criminal investigation getting hotter?”
The trolley wobbles slightly side to side over the wild waves on the River of Lava, on the eighteenth band. Eartha wobbles side to side inside the space suit as the booted feet are stable and glued down on top of the trolley floor. She gasps with shock, pulling and clutches her palmer into her chest.
Leer reaches up and grabs the holding bar, presenting an annoyed frown while riding through the rough waves on the River of Lava. He looks up at the dark skyline of Pluto. He asked, “Does it rain down a set of white snowballs or a series of red colored hail balls on the surface of Pluto?”
She stares down the river and exhales with a puff of annoyance. She does not enjoy the rough ride on the River of Lava. Eartha sneered, “No.”
“That would explain the missing rooftop of the trolley.”
She exhales with a puff of puzzlement, spins around looking at his chin inside his space suit, “Trolley, an ancient transport vehicle on top of a roadway was also called a streetcar, in the city of London, within the country of Great Britain, on Planet Earth.”
He said. “What does that mean to you, Eartha? It means nothing to me. However, do you mean to be rude to each Plutonian that we encounter?”
“I don’t know what any of this means. Yes, I mean and intend to be rude to each Plutonian that I encounter. Something’s going on here. I can’t touch it with my earthly finger; but my earthly mind is not happy but intrigued.”
“We are here to find a missing child. We are visiting with the person that performed the surgery and did the crime. You just need to intimidate her into revealing where the kid is inside her house.”
She feels her body sway side to side getting an upset stomach as the trolley wobbles over the rough waves from the wild trolley ride. Eartha asked, “How do you know that?”
“Look around and view the nineteenth band!” Leer said. He turns and scans a row with very few house structures. “There are very few houses of elegant and elite rich plutonians. Each house is thousands of thousands of feet apart from each other, so that accounts for the shaking or shifting of the river of lava. The numerous and crowded foundations of houses help to stabilize the river flow over the thirteenth band. I hardly felt the floor shake during our visit with Mrs. Doil. So, the kidnapper is living here among the few, instead of the many. You saw the rest of the existing bands. The ninth band is the hotel and some other far, far, far and away squat buildings of some unknown purpose. The thirteenth band is the working class. The sixteenth band is the business district. So that only leaves the kidnapper and the kid here on the nineteenth band. We interview this woman and then go and see Renato. We tell him that she has the kid and then he will handle it.”
She turns and scans the row of houses. She said, “I cannot refute that good sound logic. The luxury homes are far and few and in-between each other. This is a very good place to hide out with a young child, without your good neighbor being suspected of any wrong doing.”
Leer scans beyond the nineteenth band on the River of Lava. He stated, “Look due south! The rest of the numbered bands are composed of a set of continuous rough riding lava rivers only. The kidnapper did not attempt to run down to the south inside a glittering gel space suit without the child. Or he would end up dead like Administrator Renato said so during our first meeting inside the warehouse office building.”
“Yeah, I agree. We do not fly down there to perform any type of criminal investigation any further southern than the nineteenth band. We have interviewed the mother inside her tiny house on the thirteenth band. We saw the school students, riding over the air waves inside a set of flying machines on the fifteenth band. And we had interviewed the infamous rude physician, without a clear motive of the kidnapping. And we also met Administrator Renato, who was clueless. I wonder where he lives.”
Leer sneered, “I bet he lives here on the nineteenth band too.” He turns and scans the row of far and away houses. Each house is a tall, white colored, nicely stacked three-story structure with large glass windows.
She exhaled. “Zing it! We track him down after this interview with the surgeon and invade his personal house too. He probably possesses a nice circular room with a food table or two also. You spy on the house. I will interrogate Renato. We close up the outlaw case, so easy.”
He laughed, “So, me!”
She turned and smiled to Leer, “So, you! Then we can go on our free vacation to Jupiter.”
He winked to her. “Eartha, after this running around in cold zero gravity, I would love to go to Jupiter for a hot sizzling time.”
She giggles with a wink back to him, without feeling his arm around the thick part of her space suit. The space suit is too cold, ridge, and thick for his sweet hug. But his face mask is foggy with a set of his heavy breathes and maybe his heavy thoughts. She grinned, “Me, too!” Maybe, this silly child missing case on Pluto isn’t such a bad idea. If Darsha is testing her devotion to the Neptune Outlaw Division or to Outlaw Leer, then Darsha loses either way.
“Here! We’re at Building 1999.” Leer announced. He turns to see the house and smiles. “Right toe! The home is designed with little to no creativity. It’s a duplicate of Taradiddle’s house with a solid wall and a glass door, three stories high and a set of long windows of creepy and pretty slime around the panes.”
“Criminals have no imagination.” Eartha laughed. She spins around and faces the house depressing the gravity button and floats upwards into outer space, pressing the thruster button forward and flies into the solid glass door. She slams it with her twisted wrist, on her bent elbows, without pain and with a silly girly giggle. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open.


19th Band, Building 1999
Home of medical surgeon Purry Mummery
101:23 hours (late afternoon)


Eartha sails through the air and hovers inside the middle of the vacuum chamber. The exterior door closes behind her back spine. She hears the hisses of expelled outer space molecules and then the soft tings of flooded oxygen molecules inside the vacuum chamber. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open. Eartha presses the thruster button forward and sails through vacuum chamber floating in the air, inside the new living room setting. She views an adult female.
A female voice says via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Eartha presses the gravity button and lowers her space suit boots a few inches from the hard surface of pretty lava particles, setting the hover mode. She removes the face mask allowing the item to float in the air via a tether line, opening up the damaged space suit. She wiggles out of the slots of two crooked arms and two straight legs, climbing down from the space suit, standing on top of a heated floor in pair of naked feet. She slowly shuffles ahead and wears a sour frown studying the new medical physician, a young and petite female.
The young adult female lounges on top of a long, green-colored, chaise sofa, without standing or extending her hand for a proper introduction, wearing a pair of rose-colored, softy, sissy pajama clothes, like Eartha. The female presents a pair of naked feet and a set of wiggling toes on top of green-colored fabric. Her bone skull is bald; her face is pale holding a silly smile. She said, “Hello! Please come inside! Make yourself welcome at my home. I am Purry Mummery, a medical surgeon at the local hospital. Administrator Renato told me to expect your visitation to my home. How can I assist you today, Miss?”
Eartha wipes off the sweat from her dirty face and her sweaty neckline, whipping her hair strands around her earlobe, moving ahead, staring at Mummery. She stops and sits at closest chaise lounge sofa, which is near Mummery. Eartha does not place her naked feet on top of the soft green colored fabric.
The room is a duplicate of the circular room design, where Earth and Leer have visited numerous times before. The room is both grand and glittery made with the same materials of the frozen lava gel particles, in the same five primary colors. The set of chaise lounge furniture pieces protrude out from a continuous window view, along the curved wall, instead of a set of long sofas at the house of Taradiddle. There are a set of protruded side tables displaying numerous colorful lava-designed art pieces, presenting from tiny to tall heights on top of each table.
The interior glass door of the vacuum chamber opens into the living room setting.
A female voice says via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Leer sails through the air and wears a furious brow, seeing Eartha and the young adult female. He stops then hovers mid-air pressing the gravity button and lowers his space suit down a few inches to the same type of lava painted floor, setting the hover mode on the suit. He pushes the manual handle open as the single body cast cracks open sounding with a set of tiny tings.
He jumps out and lands on top of the warm floor, spinning around, opening the single rear compartment on the back of the space suit. The compartment captures all the free flowing oxygen molecules. He swings around, shuffles to the floating space suit for Eartha, then stops reaching out and opens the same compartment to replenish her air tank, too, since Eartha is busy harassing the new medical physician.
Leer is not happy with the arrogant treatment coming from the first rude medical physician or the vagueness response coming from the absent Renato. Leer is an Outlaw. His job is to find the truth, not to bend the truth. Sometime, the truth is hard to find taking days or weeks or years to locate.
He slowly spins around and wipes his face of wet sweat, brushing the blonde tinted hair bangs away from his two eyeballs, scanning the new living room setting, seeing the same pretty lava frozen gel walls and the same continuous display of viewing windows, pretty cool look for Planet Pluto. The room is another duplicate of Taradiddle’s place presenting a set of lavishly padded furniture pieces and a set of exotic tall frozen-in-time whirling and twirling art pieces of frozen gel on each side table.
The solid entrance wall faces the River of Lava, on the nineteenth band. The rear of the room curves into an empty hole with an open archway leading down through the rest of the house. On each side of the archway, there stands two eating tables. One table holds an array of food platters with high mounts of steaming food and an assortment of colored and wet drinking beverages. The second table is empty for a sitting human to consume a plate of the steaming food while listening to the tart conversation inside the vacuum room.
Leer turns with a smile and moves ahead to the food table, without an invitation. However, the plutonians are a group of friendly folks, who also present a table of food for a growling stomach of a welcomed guest. He will allow Outlaw Eartha to conduct the unfriendly interview again. He stops and stands at the food table grabbing a glittering gel-colored plate and loads each type of food item over the shiny surface. Once the plate is filled, Leer reaches out and grabs a drink of something green, spinning around, moving ahead towards an empty eating table. And then he sits in the hard chair of frozen gel, eats the good hot food, and listens to the terse conversation between Eartha and Mummery.
Eartha wears a sour frown sitting on the edge of her lounge sofa. She asked, “Why are you bald, Dr. Mummery?”
Mummery reaches up and touches her bald head with her naked hand, dropping her hand back down into her lap. She said. “O! The baldness or the lack of hair strands is a clinical requirement to become a medical physician here on Pluto, since too much wiggling bacteria lives on the outside and the inside of a human body. Actually, to expand my answer, my body is completed shaved of all exterior hair also which is part of my physician training.”
Leer spits out his chewed food particles on the floor and the table with intense laughter. He stated, “Really! You don’t possess any exterior body hair anywhere.”
Mummery turns and smiles at Leer. She said, “I possess only a plenitude of soft skin. You noticed that Dr. Taradiddle was bald, too.”
Eartha frowned. “To be honest, Renato did tell us about you or Taradiddle. We came from Taradiddle and his attitude. I am Outlaw Eartha. He is my Outlaw partner, Leer.”
Mummery returns back and smiles at Eartha lifting her naked hand and pointed at the object, sounding with soft giggles. She stated, “There is a food table. Please enjoy with my complements. Yes, Dr. Taradiddle has a great big ego, but he is the top medical operating surgeon here on Pluto. Actually, he is called ‘the father of the brain tumor.’”
Eartha frowned. “We are here to find a missing child, not to discuss Taradiddle. Honestly, his interview was a waste of time.”
Mummery said. “Her number is 81860 from my perspective.”
Eartha gasped. “How do you know the hospital patient number for the child that had the medical operation?”
Mummery smiled. “She is a small child with a set of long brown hair and a button nose on a pale tinted cute face. She has one dimple on the right side of her mouth. She is the exact duplicate of her biological mother, Mrs Wheedle Doil. I was the attending physician, who examined the child and found the brain tumor, two days ago. I am so sorry that you went to Dr. Taradiddle first. He is not a pleasant fellow during a social visit, much less a professional one. Mrs. Doil, like the other guardians of medical patients, is not part of the surgery process. So, she was clueless and left in the dark on purpose. The surgery is very complicated and completed during the Zero Gravity…”
“What!” Leer shouted. He spit out more of his chewed food particles on the table and the floor. He said with a puzzled brow. “Zero Gravity medical operation, that’s highly dangerous. Some of the patients and the physicians don’t make it out of an outer space theater, so to speak. Why would you do that dangerous medical procedure on a child?”
Mummery viewed Leer.” You are correct, sir. Here on Pluto, we have perfected the Zero Gravity surgery. We only perform Zero Gravity surgeries on all the medical patients. I have just recently been honored and accepted as newly crowned Zero Gravity medical physician. I was the one who actually found and then removed the brain tumor on hospital patient 81860.”
Eartha sneered. “You use a number, instead of a name. That seems, to me, to be a little impersonal as a caring medical physician.”
Mummery viewed Eartha. “Maybe to an earthling, it would be. Brain tumors are too frequent and too often here on Pluto, the leading cause of a single death, so to speak. However, Dr. Taradiddle found and discovered a remarkable medical procedure to remove all and every brain tumor on each patient. We perform two to twenty two surgeries per 153 hours of a single day and a night, since the planet is relatively like a scene of dull twilight among the bright stars of outer space here on Pluto.”
Eartha sneered. “Taradiddle could not comment on how the brain tumor was formed inside each patient.”
Mummery smiled. “There is no answer from me, either. It just happens. When it is found, we remove it immediately. The gray matter is a delicate organ and cannot handle a foreign invader within the delicate thinking tissues. As a surgeon, I remove it immediately based on Dr. Taradiddle’s new medical procedure. And then the patient is happy and alive after the complicated procedure. Thus, everyone is happy.”
Leer chews then swallows the food without spitting the items across the table again. He asked, “Why do you choose to use the zero gravity atmosphere theater? As a healthy male, I have not ever been injured and needed the hand of physician or a room of a hospital. However, there are not many physicians that wanna work in outer space on a human body much less the brain of a human within the outer space atoms.”
Mummery said. “That is a brilliant question, sir. Zero Gravity surgery provides a faster recovery which is literally inside outer space. The blood proteins turn into a set of red bubbles and float around the open wound. During surgery, all the blood proteins from the operating patient are loaded back into the repaired wound or the organ, without requiring a bag of foreign blood from another human or patient. Blood cannot be replicated ever. Blood from other humans at times is contaminated. That is the really killer of a patient in surgery, not the physician, so they said. Even with a dangerous brain tumor, the chance of survival is at a hundred percent rate, because the Zero Gravity freezes and dissolves the damaged tissue inside the gray matter. Then the gray matter is literally sewn back together by the human’s blood proteins and the molecules of outer space. It is a very remarkable surgery.”
Leer said. “I would like to see that one day.”
Mummery smiled with a nod. “Of course, you are welcome to come and see one of my Zero Gravity surgeries at any time, sir.”
Eartha growled. “Back to the missing child, if the child survived the Zero Gravity surgery between your two physician hands, then what happened after the surgery to the child?”
Mummery turned and smiled to Eartha. “The body of the small child was embedded into a special hospital bed for the outer space Zero Gravity surgery. Once the bed had thawed out from the outer space atoms, the child was released and checked by me, the only physician. I was there, when 81860 awoke. She was smiling and laughing as a four year child. I removed her from the bed and escorted 81860 to her mother. Mrs. Doil took 81860 by the hand and left the hospital, wearing a matching set of white space suit gear, of course. No one can breathe in any type of outer space atoms here on Pluto.”
Eartha frowned. “Zing it. We all know that. You performed the surgery. You saved the kid. You double checked that the kid was alive after the surgery. You escorted the kid to her mother. And you saw the kid and the mother leave the hospital building. Where is the hospital located?”
Mummery said. “All employees of businesses, the students of school, and the hospital of sick patients are all located on the sixteenth band. The building of the hospital is identified as 1616. You can verify with the other hospital staff the medical procedure, the medical physician, and the medical recovery of 81860. We have a group of devoted and dedicated staff members here at the hospital on Pluto. They can verify any of my information. Or they can answer any more of your curious questions.”
Eartha sneered. “I will do. What else can you tell me about the child or the surgery?”
Mummery nodded. “I have provided all the facts of the medical story. I really do not have any more information to share to you, miss.”
Leer chews then swallows the food. He said with a smile and a nod. “I got a question. I’m always hungry here on Pluto. Why is that? I possess a healthy appetite at home. But here, I feel hunger all the time.”
Mummery turned and smiled to Leer. “That is a valid question with a valid answer, sir. The low gravity works all your moving and resting muscle tissue, burning off all the fat cells. Thus, you are working and sweating, without the deed of physical exercise. The human body is a remarkable tool. When we thirst, we drink. When we hunger, we eat. Your body is communicating directly into your gray matter that you are out of energy and you need to eat to sustain your endurance to fly around in the Zero Gravity atmosphere. Thus, you eat. And each plutonian home will always provide a table of fresh food and cold drinks for their friends and their guests. It is like our planetary custom.”
He said. “Thanks, Dr. Mummery. And with that, I need another plate of food for my hunger and a cold drink for my thirst.” Leer stands with a slight chuckle and returns back to the food table, reaching out and grabs a cup of blue liquid, drinking it down his dry throat.
Eartha exhales with a puff of annoyance, learning of the new information. She asked, “What is done to a child, when a brain tumor is discovered?”
Mummery smiled at Eartha. “There is a tiny tube of blue liquid which is called the herpes simplex virus. It is categorized as a medication, not a pleasure drug or a pleasure drink or a pleasure devise. The life-saving liquid medication is a wonder-drug. It is squeezed out and down into the ugly amber colored brain tumor and then it eats away the twisted coils of the tumor, leaving a happy and healthy plutonian, which will live for years and decades.”
Eartha quickly stands and presents a fake smile to Mummery. She stated, “Thanks for your time, Mummery! I have satisfied my curiosity questions for the time being, but I would like to say that we might be back, if there is a new curious question.”
Mummery said. “Please come back to my home here at anytime, unless I am in surgery at the hospital. However, you can come to the hospital and wait for me there to finish the surgery procedure with another outlaw inquiry.”
Eartha spins around, shuffles back to her floating space suit, then stops standing near the rear compartment and slaps it shut. Her air vault has been replenished for the next spacewalk around the bands of Pluto again. She shouted, “Thanks!” She climbs over the two bent and crooked elbows, twisting her body around in the air, standing inside her body cast and wears a sour frown. The space suit is already closed and shut, since the two arm mechanics cannot open from the damage on the first trolley kart ride from the Northern Pole Axis. Her space suit slightly bounces in the air. Eartha turns and stares with a fake smile to Mummery. 
She stated, “I have one more question. You mentioned that you were recently honored with the job of a Zero Gravity medical physician. How many medical surgery cases have you performed in a Zero-G atmosphere to date?”
“Three.” Mummery said.
“Zing it.” Eartha frowned with confusion. “So, Taradiddle has done the rest of them.”
Mummery nods with a smile, sitting on top of the chaise lounge, wiggling her naked toes. She stated, “Yes, Dr. Taradiddle wants to retire from the Zero Gravity surgery. There is a team of young physicians that work directly with him on each medical case for a number of years. Each one of us has been assisting with the father of brain tumors for many years. But I have just recently passed all the trials and the tribulations to become a second zero gravity physician on Pluto. In the future, Dr. Taradiddle will assist me as I am the prime physician on each brain tumor case, now.”
“Congrats!” Eartha stated. She depresses the gravity button, floating up in the air, twirling around and slowly sails ahead toward the interior glass door on the vacuum chamber. She violently bumps into the glass with her bent wrist.
“Thank you, sir and miss.” Mummery nodded with a smile.
The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open. Eartha presses the thruster button forward and sails into the vacuum chamber, hovering inside the middle. The exterior door closes shut behind her back spine. She hears the hisses of expelled outer space molecules and then the soft tings of flooded oxygen molecules inside the vacuum chamber.
Inside the living room setting with Mummery, Leer slowly stands from the hard chair and wears a silly grin, wiping his food-stained hands down onto his blue-colored, silly plutonian trousers and then moves to his floating space suit. He stops and slaps the rear compartment shut climbing up and stands inside the space suit, facing the young adult medical physician. He stated with a nod and a smile. “Thank you, Dr. Mummery!” He reaches out and pulls the manual handle inside the suit, closing up the body cast shut, hearing the thump of snaps. Then he drags the tether line with the face mask and snaps in place. He fiddles around and checks the mechanic controls first depressing the gravity button and then floats up in the air, turning to see the back spine on Eartha.
The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space, onto the nineteenth band. Eartha exits from the chamber and then whirls around hovering over a large slab of concrete at Building 1919, waiting for Leer.
Inside the living room setting, Leer presses the thruster button forward sailing to interior glass door of the vacuum chamber. The interior glass door quickly reads his heated signature, sliding open. He soars into the middle of the chamber, without touching the naked floor consisting of rough white tinted concrete or the two naked walls of matching concrete either. The door closes shut behind his back spine. He hears the soft tings of expelled oxygen molecules and then loud hisses of flooded outer space molecules inside the vacuum chamber, seeing Eartha through the vacuum chamber glass doors.


Nineteenth Band, Building 1999
102:02 hours early afternoon


Eartha floats in the air and hovers in place over the slab wearing a sour frown inside her space helmet. She faces the glass door and Leer. She asked, “What do you think now?”
He said. “I think both the physicians are innocent. And we are not done here. And we are stuck again. Why did Darsha give us this outlaw assignment?”
“She is testing us.”
“Why is our supervisor Darsha testing us. What is she testing us for?”
Eartha exhales with frustration. She stated, “Darsha is testing how our brains and our partnership works as a pair Outlaw couple.”
The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber slid open. Leer sails through the air from the vacuum room and hovers in place laughing with a grin. He stated, “Right toe, maybe, so! So, what do we do, now? Should we go and visit Renato, now?”
Eartha twirls around then flies over the River of Lava using her thruster button, landing down on the next available trolley floor, on the eighteenth band. The trolley floor is empty of occupants and cargo also. She presses the gravity button clamping down her space boots on top of the smooth concrete slab for personal safety while not enjoying the ride on the wilder portion of the River of Lava. She said, “No.”
Leer flies over the River of Lava by his thruster button too and lands beside Eartha, pressing the gravity button, reaching up and holds onto the upper railing, cuddling his arm around the thick waistline on her space suit for both their body protection and safety.
The eighteenth band holds a lesser number of sailing trolleys as each trolley wobbles side to side with a rough ride flowing down the River of Lava, since the row of houses are fewer in number too.
Leer slightly sways side to side with the flow of the trolley, cuddling Eartha. He said with a stern face and a serious tone, “Yeah! He’s the next one on our criminal investigation list. I think he’s the real kidnapper. In all these detective police action and adventure stories that I read, the first introduced character is the villain and the killer and the kidnapper too.”
Eartha laughed. “No! I don’t think so. At least, my gut instinct doesn’t think so.”
“Where are we going?”
“To the seventeenth band first.” Eartha stated. She depresses the gravity button as Leer does the same movement. They both float up towards outer space slowly traveling over the trolley floor, moving across the River of Lava and then land on a second sailing trolley floor located on the seventeenth band. She locks down her space boots on top of the rough concrete. She said, “We go back and visit the mother of the child.”
Leer lands and locks down his space boots beside her, cuddling his arm around her waist for both of their body protection and safety. He reaches up with his free hand and hold onto the upper bar of the second trolley for additional body safety. He smiled, “Right toe. We go back to the original scene of the real crime which is always mentioned inside each one of my detective police action and adventure stories, too. Why do the physicians shave a head of hair? I have never seen that. Is the shaved head shaved off all the time? Was Mummery joking about shaving her body too?”
She smiled. “Actually, that is a very old and noble cause within the medical field. It started in the late 21st Century, when the vicious vile bacterium would jump like a dog flea from a dead body onto the live skin of a health human and then infect the healthy body. The medical community still wanted to help the sick patients, so they decided to shave the arm hair off first and then the skull head came next. And then eventually, it was determined that the entire body hair could cause a human sickness, so the entire body hair of a trained or a practicing medical physician was removed, very carefully. So, the body shaving medical practice has extended all the way out here to Pluto too. We’re approaching Building 1660. We should jump and enter through the vacuum chamber door here and then travel across the fifteenth and fourteenth band back to Doil.”
“No! We should go and visit the hospital first, asking some more questions.”
Leer stated, “No! We don’t have any more questions. Do you have a question? I don’t have a question, either.”
Eartha depresses the gravity button, pulling away from the tender hug of Leer, wearing a sour frown. She presses the thruster button forward, flies in the air over the fourteenth band of lava then slams into the glass door with her bend elbow.


Sixteenth Band, Building 1660
102:22 hours


The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open.
Eartha flies inside the chamber as Leer follows behind and then stops beside her inside a very wide and large vacuum chamber, within Building 1660. The door closes shut behind a pair of back spines. The mechanics hisses to expel all the deadly outer space molecules as they bump into each other’s floating space suits presenting a silly grin. Then a set of tiny tings announces the arrival of oxygen breathing molecules inside the vacuum chamber. The interior glass door vacuum chamber open into the internal walls.
A male voice says via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit before entering into the office complex. Attention, the room holds…”
Leer presses the thruster button forward flying out first with Eartha on his tail, leading the fun air flight trip towards the end of the vacuum chamber. He smiled. “What’s a dog?”
She flies behind his back spine with a smile. Eartha said. “It’s an Earth animal. You would like a dog. It has a four-legged short body with a tiny coat of soft fur. It barks, when happy, when playing, and when hunger. And it attacks all strangers that might hurt your body for love and protection.”
He leads the fun race down a long hallway of separate and closed doors. He does not want to disturb the working employees of Pluto. He uses each chamber room to cross the sixteenth band and then travel back to the fifteenth band and then eventually back to the house of Doil. He said, “I like. You sound like you had a dog on planet Earth, do you?”
“Yes, I had a dog.”
“Are there still an animal or two left on Earth? My understanding is something different.”
“Actually, all the animals with four or more legs survived; the mammals walking on two legs died out, except for a few vicious vile cavemen clans. So, there’re a slew of animals on Earth living free and wild on the planet, when I left there, many years ago. Monkeys. Tigers. Lions. Zebras. Horses. Elephants. Lizards.”
“Right toe! No Neptunian is allowed to have a zoo of furry free and wild animals, because the fresh water pond provides air, food, and water. I felt bad about the cloned kitten. But its thick soft fuzzy hair could have killed hundreds or thousands of natives on my home world.”
“Yeah, I felt bad about it, too.”
Leer rams into the glass door using the palm on his space gloved-hand, without breaking the glass or his hand. The second interior glass door on the new vacuum chamber slides open. He enters and floats inside the middle of the chamber as Eartha flies and stops beside him. The door closes shut behind a pair of back spines. The mechanics hisses out the oxygen molecules and then replaces within the chamber a set of outer space molecules. The exterior vacuum door opens into the outer space, on the fifteenth band of lava.
Leer and Eartha together float out from the vacuum chamber and hover within outer space, seeing and hearing the loud commotion. All the sailing trolleys are full and filled with standing people. The above air space is filled with an array of flying machines holding one person.
Leer scans the activity and presents a smile, hovering beside Eartha. He said, “Whoa! It’s time for the working class to go home here on Pluto. And they are all wearing a glittering gel space suit of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow. I wonder why they don’t bounce and bloat like Renato outside the warehouse floor.”
“Don’t care.” Eartha frowned.
“We should pickup one of those glittering space suits, before we go back to home to Neptune, also. Tean would get a hoot outta of the design and colors. I wondered if it would work on top of the fresh Pond water. Probably not, so we could test it outside one of the windmill satellites. Do you know that there are a set of earthling workers that maintain and repair those great big pretty metal windmills? The blades sometimes get whacked with an assortment of unidentifiable space debris and once in a while, an out of control Birdie. The Birdie gets the blade. That’s an infamous war cry. Did you know that?” He laughs.
“Don’t care!” Eartha stated. She puffs with frustration and watches the parade of sailing trolleys of people and flying sky boards of teens. She cannot fly over to the next band due to the local plutonians. The Outlaw criminal case is growing cold like her naked feet within her space suit.
“Now, we know that everyone lives and plays on the fifteenth, fourteenth, and thirteenth bands of Pluto. I guess the thirteenth band is where the majority of native live and work.”
“Don’t care!” Eartha frowned.
“Any idea how we’re going to get across the river of pretty slime, without slapping a few some bodies off one of those overcrowded trolleys for landing in our oversized space suits? No one is wearing an old fashioned earthling space suit from the twenty first century. I wished that we could rob or buy one of the pretty glittering space suits. It is more efficiency and economical than the standard issued outlaw space suit.”
“Don’t know!” Eartha huffed.
He smiled. “Right toe, we could fly across.”
“No!”
He grinned. “Right toe, we could swim across.”
“No!” Eartha sneered.
Leer twirls around to see a set of individual slabs of concrete introducing a new building porch on the sixteenth band of lava. He stated, “Right toe! We can go and eat some dinner at one of the local diners, and then come back to the fourteenth band, after some bodies have gone home. Do they take Neptune credits inside a plutonian restaurant? That sounds like a joke. I bet that’s an ancient joke. Tean has a load of galaxy jokes from way back since the Earth year 1999. We should ask him about that joke when we return back home to the Pond.”
She exhales with a puff of frustration. Eartha said, “You just ate all that food at two different homes of plutonians.”
“I’m a bottomless pit. I can eat all the time. Flying around zero gravity makes me hunger and h…”
“This is the plan.” She said. Eartha exhales with a puff of annoyance, not being able to move the space suit arms. “We hop into the air with thruster control and then bounce off the flat front edge of each sailing trolley with the gravity button, moving around until we finally land on the door step slab of Building 1313.”
He said, “No. We’re located here at Building 1660, which is mathematically forty seven blocks or avenues or pole houses away from this safe and secure spot here on the band. Do you like my ‘S’ sounds?” He laughs.
She frowned, “The point is, we will jump over half that amount like twenty three or less. Go!” Eartha presses the thruster button forward and flies through space, pressing the gravity button and then drops down on top of the targeted concrete slab on a sailing trolley floor. Her space boots hit the front slab. The trolley is filled with standing and pretty people in a glittering space suit of lava particles, slightly tipping forward from the wild ride on the River of Lava. Eartha gasps in alarm and depresses the gravity button floating upwards in the air, pressing the thruster button forward. She flies ahead towards a second trolley, on the fourteenth band. She presses the gravity button dropping down on the edge of the trolley floor, creating a loud thud.
Leer slowly flies through the air then sneers at her back spine for her bad Outlaw behavior toward the nice, well-mannered plutonians. He shouted, “Eartha.”
She faces the thirteenth band. She yelled back into the space helmet transmit. “Come on or stay back! I gotta go and talk to Doil about her daughter next on the list of to do items for wrapping up this Outlaw criminal case quickly. So, we can go back home to the Pond, now.”
Leer presses the thruster button forward shoving both of his kneecaps in his chest. He flies higher into the outer space waves but must land back down on something solid rather than the soft liquid of River of Lava without drowning. He flies over one trolley kart with people and presses the gravity button falling down on the top of the solid-hand railing. He depresses the gravity button and hits down on top of the bar railing frame leaping up into outer space waves for fun. The trolley kart travels faster down the River of Lava as the people scream in panic.
Leer flies through outer space. He said inside the space helmet. “O! I am so sorry. My boss made me do it.” He presses the gravity button and hits down on his bent kneecaps on the second trolley floor, without Eartha. The trolley kart sails down on the fourteenth band. He depresses the gravity button and jumps upwards into outer space waves for a second time. He said into his space helmet, “O! Pardon me! The devil made me do it.” He chuckled. The second trolley wobbles side to side with a group of screaming people on top too.
“What are you doing? Who are talking to?” Eartha yelled. She exhales with a puff of annoyance inside her space helmet, pressing the gravity button, dropping down on the floor of a third trolley, over the fourteenth band. She bounces off the flat edge and then flies ahead through the Zero Gravity atmosphere. She is getting closer to the Doil’s hour-glass house on the thirteenth band of lava.
He laughed, “O! I am apologizing to the people for perturbing their trolley kart ride over the pretty slime.” Leer flies through the air and hits the hand rails on trolley kart, bouncing off the solid frame and leaps upwards into outer space. He chuckles with his fun outer space adventure.
After hitting and bouncing off a set of numerous sailing trolleys, holding a gang of angry screaming plutonians, Eartha flies ahead through the black and cold outer space environment. She presses the gravity button and lands down on the concrete slab of Building 1313 performing a slight wobble, hitting the glass door with her bend elbow. She sneers in annoyance. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open. Eartha sails through the air and hovers inside the vacuum chamber, hearing a set of heavy breathing. The door closes shut her back spine. The mechanics hiss out the deadly outer space molecules as a set of new sounds of tiny tings announce a flood of oxygen molecules for the humans.


Thirteenth Band, Building 1313
Home of Doil, vacuum room (outer space from fourteenth band)
103:03 hours/minutes


The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens.
A female voice states via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Eartha flies into the vacuum room and wears a worried brow pressing the gravity button, lowering down into a hover mode a few inches from the heated floor. She grabs and slaps her personal palmer on her naked wrist bone for storage. Then she removes the face mask as the tether line pulls and then jerks the item into a mid-air pose behind the floating space suit. She twists both her two naked arms from two different space suit sleeve slots, lifting an upper torso through the opening, using both her arms and her legs to lift the rest of her body out from the neckline of the space suit. She flips around climbing down over one of the permanently bent space arms like a ladder, jumping onto the floor into a squat. She slowly stands and whirls around to the rear of the space, reaching out and opens the sucker valve. The sucker valve is built into every space suit capturing and trapping oxygen molecules for the space flight within outer space.
Within outer space, Leer rams into the glass door with the palm on his space glove, without breaking the glass or his hand. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open. He enters and floats inside the middle of the chamber. The door closes shut behind his back spine. The mechanics hiss out the outer space molecules and then replaces the chamber with a set of oxygen molecule in a smooth ting sound. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens.
A male voice says via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Leer sails through the air from the vacuum chamber and depresses the gravity button halting a few inches from the heated floor, setting the hover mode. He slams the manual handle. The face mask is released first floating in the air waves. His space suit pops open next with a hiss at each collar bone, underneath the two arm pits, and down the long sides of the legs, not at the feet. Then both the front and the rear body cast smoothly separate with a soft ting. He shoves the frontal body cast as far as he can jumping from the suit, landing down on the warm floor. He wears a confused brow of dissatisfaction regarding the current progress of Outlaw criminal case. He twirls around and reaches out opening the sucker valve sucking new oxygen molecules for his dangerous space flight back to the next building.
Doil rushes forward on her naked feet, stops, and stands in front of Eartha. Her face is red-tinted and swollen from more crying tears. She softy stated. “Did you find my little girl, Outlaw Eartha?”
Eartha spins around and wipes the sweat from her dirty face, wrapping her long hair strands into a rear ponytail, wearing a sad frown. She tugs her fingers through the strands of blonde curls with a free hand and then jerks her palmer from her wrist bone. She stated. “Not yet, Mrs. Doil! We have come back here for some more questions.”
“But…” Doil started to cry. She wipes her swollen face with both of her naked hands, still wearing the pink-colored plutonian sissy pajama clothes. “But I answered all your questions.”
Eartha reaches out and touches the naked arm of Doil, spinning them around, shuffling them to the side wall with a row of built-in, glittering, lava-coated sitting chairs. She said with a stern face and a serious tone. “Please sit down, Mrs. Doil. Do you know a young physician named Dr. Purry Mummery?”
Doil sits in the chair and stares down at the floor wearing a worried brow. She stated, “No.”
Eartha stands in front of the young mother tapping and pings on her palmer. She is recording both the vocal and audio conversation for later analysis.
Leer stands beside his floating space suit and listens to the soft conversation between Eartha and Doil. His stomach is full; his mind is empty. The missing child criminal investigation is not making any sense between his neurons. A little child was kidnapped from her home, not by a blood relative, or the hospital staff member, leaving a big question mark of the unknown criminal.
Eartha asked. “Do you know an elderly physician named Karnard Taradiddle?”
“No.”
Eartha asked. “Did you meet any of the hospital staff before the actual surgery operation?”
Leer clears his dry throat rubbing the sweat balls from his dirty, itchy face and his wet hairline. He said with a stern face for attention. “Actually, we came back for you to provide us the complete picture of the before and after surgery medical procedure. Let us start all over again. Please start at the beginning and give us all the details of the encounter with the physicians, the hospital, and the brain tumor.”
A female voice states via the palmer speaker box. “Attention, the room has gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Leer twirls around and scans the room seeing the glass door and an empty vacuum chamber. He asked, “What’s that? The vacuum door is sealed and locked. I just came through it, safely. And I’m breathing fresh air, safely.”
Eartha whirls around and scans the room, gasping with a worried brow. She asked, “What’s happening here?”
Doil stands from her chair and then turns rushing down the narrow hallway on her naked feet. She shouted in panic, “Someone has entered the front vacuum room, coming from the twelfth band.”
Leer and Eartha follow behind Doil down the hallway and through the archway, seeing a floating space suit in the air, inside the second vacuum room, coming from outer space on the twelfth band of lava.


Rear vacuum chamber room (outer space to twelfth band)
103:22 hour/minutes


The young adult female drops down a few inches from the heated floor, setting the hover mode, slamming open the frontal body cast on the ancient space suit. She jumps from the suit and lands down on the floor, wearing her naked feet too.
Doil dashes into the second vacuum chamber room at the end of the house and then stops hugging the female. She pulls back wearing a worried brow. She asked. “What’s wrong, Gladkit?”
The young adult female possesses a short, overweight body frame, a head of short black-colored hair, a tone of pale-tinted skin, and a pair of hazel colored eyeballs. Her eyeballs are filled with hot rolling tears. She wears a green-colored outfit, like Doil and Eartha. She stated. “My child’s missing.”
“Another missing child!” Leer stated. He skids to halt inside the curved archway staring with a puzzled brow at new adult female inside the second vacuum room of the house.
Eartha moves through the archway, passes Leer then stops standing with a puzzled brow in front of the two hugging women. She demanded, “Who are you? Why did the alert sound? What has happened?”
Doil whips around and wraps her arm around the new female. She said with a sad face of tears. “This is my neighbor, Gladkit Hapten. Her husband is named Ataxic; her child is named Apin. They live in the house next to mine. Her child is missing too.”
Gladkit displays a red-tinted, swollen face with rolling tears, a runny nose snot. She wipes both the tears and the snort with her naked hands. She stated, “My child’s missing. Her name is Apin. She has black hair and a round face and a set of big doe brown eyes.”
Eartha lifts both of her palms near her worried brow. She ordered, “Please stay calm! I would like for everyone to come and sit down along that glass window of furniture. Please come and sit! I would like to hear both stories but not at the same time.” Doil and Gladkit back step bumping into each other and turn sitting into a set of separate glittering gel chairs. Eartha scans the rear vacuum room, without seeing a sitting chair. She huffs out a puff of air returning back and views Doil. She stated, “Please, Mrs. Doil, tell me you story in summary form. I am looking for a set of common factors but please be complete.”
Doil wipes her tears with her naked hands. She stated, “My little girl got sick. I took her to see the doctor. Her name was…was…”
“Mummery.”
Doil said. “Yeah! It was a funny name. The woman had a bald head with no hair. The doctor said that my girl was sick in her brain with a tumor and needed an operation, the next day. The next day, in the morning, I and her wore our space suits and took the trolley across the river of lava to the hospital. We entered the hospital. The hospital people took her from me and went behind a closed door. I didn’t see her anymore. The operation lasted for hours and hours. I was crying and upset. Then the door closed. She came out of the open door, running and laughing to me with happiness. She was alive and happy. She ran into my arms. She and I came back home. The doctor, the bald headed woman, said that she would be tired and would sleep for hours, maybe the rest of the day. When we came home, my child was yawning and rubbing her eyes. Then she and I went into her bedroom. I tucked her into the bed. She fell asleep. I was tired and took a nap, which turned into a deep sleep. When I awoke the next morning, my child was gone. She was not inside your bed. She was missing. Then I called Administrator Renato.”
Eartha exhales with a puff of worry. She nodded. “I understand, Mrs. Doil. What happened to your child, ma’am?”
Gladkit wipes her wet face from nose snort and heated tears with her two naked hands. She told, “My child had a brain tumor too. My story is the same. I saw the doctor with the bald head too. I took her and my husband to the hospital. The hospital people took both of them through a door. The door closed…”
“What about your husband?” Leer frowned. “Your husband had a brain tumor too. Was he operated on also at the same hospital?”
Gladkit continued to sob and cry. She said. “Yeah! My husband and my child went to the same doctor with the bald head. No hair. She was very worried about my husband and my child. She told me that the operation had to be the next morning, too. So, we, three went to the hospital, crossing the lava. I live next door to Wheedle. We have been friends forever. So, we, three entered the hospital together. But I didn’t go with them through the closed door. I had to stay inside the little room. The room had a sofa and a table of food. I was too worried to eat. The operation was a long time. After the operation, both my husband and my child came out. They were laughing and smiling. My husband told me that he didn’t feel any more pain from the ugly tumor inside his head. We, three all went back home. My husband and my child were tired and slept during the day and the night. I was tired from worry. So, I rested with my husband inside our bed, this morning. My little girl was inside her bedroom, this morning…”
“This morning!” Leer shouted. He gasps in shock. “What time did we visit with Mummery?” He views the rear hairy skull on Eartha.
Eartha said to the two women. “Uh! We were there at the hospital early afternoon.”
Leer said to Gladkit. “What time of morning for this morning’s twin operations?”
“It was very, very early morning, before the school time and before the breakfast meal time, too.” Gladkit stated.
Eartha lifts her palm in the air. The other hand holds her palmer. She shouted, “Zing it! We understand, so far. All the medical operations were held in the early morning hours by the same bald headed female physician at the same hospital on the sixteenth band which is located two bands from your personal residence on the thirteenth band. And all the patients came home in the late morning hours. And all the patients were absent from their bedrooms later in the day or the night. These are the common factors.”
“And now, there are two more people missing on Pluto.” Leer said with a worried brow.
Doil frowned with worry. “What are you going to do next, Outlaw Eartha?”
Eartha smiled. “We’re going to go to the hospital and interview the hospital staff and ask them some criminal questions about the children and the missing adult male. We have already interviewed the group medical surgeons for the missing child. Both of you stay here together and inside Mrs. Doil’s house. I might need to call one or both of you for some additional information while I am at the hospital.”
Doil said, “Yes ma’am.”
“Okay.” Gladkit nodded with a stream of tears.
Eartha smiled with a nod. “And then we’ll find your children and your spouse, I promise.”
“Thank you.” Doil stated. She leans over and hugs her friend Gladkit creating more heated tears of worry.
“Thanks.” Gladkit said.
Eartha twirls around and jogs down the hallway to her floating space suit hovering on the other end of the hour-glass-shaped house. Eartha and Leer had entered the house from the fourteenth band, the front vacuum room. The neighbor Gladkit had entered the house from the twelfth band, the rear vacuum room.
Leer stares at the two females and wears a fake smile, not upsetting the young mothers. He shouted, “Eartha!”

Rear vacuum chamber (outer space to fifteenth band)
103:58 hours/minutes


“Come on! Let’s move out, now, Leer!” Eartha shouted. Her words echo throughout the house plan. She stops in front of her space suit, slaps the compartment shut then touches bent and crooked elbows, like a step ladder. She climbs into the damaged body cast and then twists her body falling down into the body cast, standing upright and balanced. She fiddles with her palmer. The hospital is located at Building 1616. There are only three buildings from the house on the sixteenth band from the thirteenth band, if the band is flowing in the right direction. She shakes her long hair strands with confusion at the geography of Planet Pluto.
Leer twirls around, starts to run down the hallway, then stops inside the archway of the rear vacuum room. He stated, “Eartha, I wanna talk to the hospital staff, too. That’s the next logical step to verify the same two stories from the two young mothers that the two missing children and one missing male adult was registered each for a medical operation. But we should re-interview the two surgeons and see if they knew the missing medical patients too.”
“Good idea!” Eartha complemented. She slowly wiggles both her arms and her legs through the space suit slots.
He nodded with a stern face. “Then we do a palmer connection with the palmers from the head hospital staffer and the two physicians. We can’t keep flying around the bands of Pluto. We’re wasting daylight time and eating up all the stored energy inside the space suits and my bones.”
She looks up with a smile to see Leer. She said, “Zing it! That’s a great idea! We just need to verify the three medical stories and then we go and visit Renato. We get him to arrest Mummery with the criminal. She’s the common element here. She knew the three medical patients. She was the primary surgeon of the same three medical procedures. She has performed only three medical cases as a zero gravity physician. She’s our criminal. Now, I wonder if she…”
Leer gasps with shock, dashing to her space suit, so the young mothers do not hear his words. He whispered, “Are you suggesting…”
“Outlaw Eartha!” Gladkit shouted. She is racing down the hallway, waving her palmer, and then stops inside the archway. She said. “I…I wanna give you all my Pluto information too. Wheedle said that you have been using her information to find and locate her little girl Evatisha. You need my information to find my husband and my little three year old girl Apin.”
Eartha looks up and nods with a smile to Gladkit tossing her palmer to Leer. He catches it then spins around to see Gladkit, lifting up, holding the palmer even with the second palmer devise. Each screen displays an array of colors and a series of beeps.
Eartha twists and wiggles out of damaged space suit for a second time dropping down on top of the heated floor on her bare feet. She smiled at Gladkit. “Yes ma’am, we can surely use all your Pluto information. I have a question. The hospital assigned only a number for each medical patient. What were the two other hospital identification numbers for your husband your little girl?”
The two screens stop electronically communicating all the picture and data images and then becomes black on Gladkit’s palmer.
“Their surgery numbers are 81390 and 81490.” Gladkit stated. She pulls back her palmer looking down to check the devise for a successful upload of data.
Leer pulls back Eartha’s palmer and lifts it into his face double checking for the transfer data load.
Eartha frowned at the hair roots of Gladkit. “How did you remember those numbers?”
Gladkit looked up with a stern face to see Eartha. “They were in sequence.”
Eartha frowned. “That’s not a math sequence.”
“It’s a plutonian sequence.” Gladkit smiled.
“I see.” Eartha laughed.
“I do not see.” Leer stated. He spins around and hands the palmer back to Eartha.
Eartha accepts her palmer and smiles to Gladkit. She asked, “Do you know if the two numbers represented the number of brain tumor surgeries on Pluto?”
“No.” Gladkit frowned.
Eartha slaps her palmer back onto her bone wrist. She said, “That’s okay. We can find out from the hospital staff. Thank you, Gladkit. We have all your plutonian information. Now, if you could please excuse us, we are going to conduct a criminal investigation with the hospital and the two surgeons and finally find your missing family members.” She spins around to see Leer and the vacuum room. “I guess we can do it inside this vacuum room. The room is reasonably secure. I’m not worried about sharing or spying information from the other parties. Are you?”
Leer turns and scans the windows. He stated, “No, I guess not. Do you wanna go back to the hotel?”
Eartha looks down and punches her finger on her palmer then wipes the wet hair strands from her eyeballs. She stated with annoyance. “No, I’m too cold and too tired and too sweaty, running around limited pretty bands of Pluto. We can palmer connect them here and then listen to the story. And then we suit up and find the home number of Renato with a set of blazing gel around the window panes like a holiday decoration.”
Petite, black-haired Gladkit frowned at each Outlaw. “What are you talking about spying on the other parties or a holiday decoration? What other parties, a birthday party?”
Eartha laughed. “No…”
Petite, browned-haired Doil enters the room and stops beside Gladkit. She sneered, “Why are both of you still here inside my house? I thought you left minutes ago to find our missing children. Do it now.”
Eartha looked up with a smile to see Doil. “Mrs. Doil, I’m glad you’re here. We would like your permission to perform a palmer connection with the other parties?”
Gladkit turned with a smile to see Doil. “They’re talking about a birthday party here inside your house, Wheedle. Isn’t that fun? It’s one of their happy birthed days.” She turns and winks at Leer. “Who’s the party girl or gal?”
Eartha shakes her curls and wears a sour frown. She stated, “No. We’re going to perform a four-way palmer connection to the hospital, the two surgeons, and us here inside the vacuum room through all the palmer devises. The glass windows will not block an electric transmission through the air waves.
Doil gasped. “You can’t.”
“We can leave from here, Mrs. Doil.” Leer stated. He spins around and views Eartha. Doil has been very nice about using her home for part of the Outlaw investigation. This happens when there is not a proper Outlaw office with a set of equipment and a set of staffers. He ordered, “Let’s move our palmer-com to the hotel, Eartha.”
Doil shook her curls with a confused brow. “No, you don’t understand. You cannot communicate or talk or listen with a palmer to anyone or any place or anywhere on Pluto. It is the twenty six bands of lava. The lava interferes with a communication devise or a palmer.”
Eartha gasps with shock, looking down at her palmer. She stated, “I…I didn’t catch that.” She views Doil and wears a confused brow. “But we just exchanged information on our individual palmers today and a few minutes ago.”
Doil nodded. “Up close or inside a room, you can use the palmer only. But you can’t call anyone outside this house or this room or from another room, much less into another house of concrete walls. That’s the downfall of living here on Pluto.”
Eartha turns with a gasp to see the window. She said, “And that’s the reason each house is so close to each other for communicating and socialization. I got it now.”
Doil reaches over and hugs her neighbor friend. She smiled. “Yeah, Gladkit and her little girl are here all the night, so the girls can play and have fun, making life here bearable on Pluto.”
Leer frowned. “How does one person here, standing on a pair of naked feet inside the home communicate with another person at work or at school or at the hospital or at another building?”
Gladkit nodded with a smile. “You leave your house and travel by trolley. The trolley system is excellent. You can travel all around the planet on one band of lava, if you wish.”
Leer shook his skull. “I don’t wish that.”
Eartha exhaled with a puff of disappointment. “Zing it. We go by trolley to the visit the hospital now.”
Leer frowned at the nose profiles of Gladkit and Doil. “What happens if there is an emergency like an accident here inside your home? How does an emergency vehicle reach your house? How do you contact someone for any emergency at your home, without a palmer signal?”
Doil tilts her chin to the side and presents a stern face. She stated, “There has never been in an emergency inside my home.”
“I don’t know.” Gladkit said. She looks down with a confused brow to see her palmer, tapping on the screen with the face of her little girl.
Eartha nodded with a smile. “Good point, Leer! We’ll find out that valuable information too at the hospital. They must have some type of urgent response team or something similar. Let’s go.” She twirls around and moves ahead to her floating space suit, again, climbing onto the two bent and crooked elbows like a ladder for a second time and then twists her body, sliding down into the damaged body cast. She stands upright then leans down placing her palmer with the valuable information down into a side slot. She wiggles both her arms and her legs into different slots and then reaches out dragging the tether line on the face mask. She dresses and shuts the space suit for the next outer space flight to the hospital. Eartha depresses the gravity button floating upwards towards the ceiling, slowly spinning around and sails towards the glass door, slamming it with a damaged bend wrist cast. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens. She sails through the air and floats in the middle space of the chamber. The door shuts behind her back spine. The mechanics hiss in soft musical tings of expelled oxygen air first and then an invasion of deadly outer space molecules. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space, onto the fourteenth band.


Fourteenth and Fifteenth Bands
104:18 hours/minutes


Eartha presses the thruster button forward and sails through the wiggling lava-coated archway and halted in outer space, hovering in place, scanning the tall buildings ahead on the sixteenth band. “Sixteen. Sixteen. The hospital building should be on my left side as I face the back yard of the sixteenth band which is directly in front of the fifteenth band of flowing lava. We cross the fourteenth band and then ride on the fifteenth band in the trolley. Easy.”
Inside the living room setting, Leer enters and shuts his space suit hearing a set of soft tings, following the same safety space suit procedures all day long. He huffs in frustration with the newest development, two more missing people on Pluto. He depresses the gravity button floating up towards the ceiling, spinning around in the air, gently slamming into the glass door with a soft ping. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open. Leer sails through the air and hovers inside the middle of the room, without touching the walls or the ceiling. The door shuts behind his back spine. The mechanics hiss with a soft ting expelling the oxygen air and then replaces the chamber with the outer space molecules. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space environment, on the fourteenth band.
Leer presses the thruster button forward and sails through the air hovering over a small slab of concrete. Eartha pulls up beside him and wears a smile. She stated, “I find the pretty lava bands are very efficient in moving a body or a trolley around Pluto. I guess the rush hour for the workers must have ended. The trolleys are all empty. Let go and find the hospital first and solve the outlaw case second. And then we can go back home to the Pond third.”
Each one presses the thruster button forward and floats over the empty floor on the nearest sailing trolley kart, on the fourteenth band, over the exposed portion of the River of Lava. Each one lands on the floor of a second trolley sailing on the fifteenth band.
Eartha presses the gravity button first, lands, and then locks down her space boots over the rough concrete.
He pressed the gravity button, lands and then locks down his space boots beside her. He cuddles her waistline for body protection on the violently moving trolley, kart. He sneered, “I do not like Pluto. I hate Pluto. I plan never to return here ever for any reason. And I plan to spit those exact words into Darsha’s face when we finally go home too.”
She smiled. “She did us a favor. We’ve proofed and proven that we work well as an Outlaw team.”
He exhaled. “I know that.”
She smiled. “I know that too, but she didn’t know that.”
He sneered. “She will learn then from me that we are a team and that I distaste surprises.”
“Surprise!” She exclaimed. Eartha stares with a grin and a giggle up at taller Building 1616. “That’s the tallest building structure here on Pluto. I can’t believe that I didn’t notice it before now. The structure must be one hundred and fifty or more floors high.”
He sneered. “The hospital performs a Zero Gravity surgery, very dangerous and very high up into the stratosphere.”
“Why is it so high up into the stars?”
He laughed. “So, the brains of the kid don’t land on your naked feet, Dr. Eartha.”
She laughed. “That’s both sick and funny, Dr. Leer.” The trolley kart on the wild river waters swiftly approaches the targeted building. Eartha depresses the gravity button and floats up in the air and away from Leer, hovering over the concrete floor. They, as an Outlaw team, are about to solve the mystery of three missing people on Pluto. And they, as a new romantic team, are about to vacation on Planet Jupiter encountering a hot and steamy romantic night.
Leer depresses the gravity button floating up into the air. They are about to solve the assigned Outlaw case and then fly back home to Neptune. He is looking forward to a cold mug of beer and a steamy night of something less.
Eartha depresses the thruster button flying over the River of Lava then rams the glass door on Building 1616. She bounces backward into the chest cavity on an approaching chest on Leer, sounding with a girly giggle.
Leer grunts from the violent impact then reached out curving his arm around Eartha. They halt in the outer space waves. He shouted. “What the fuck?”
The vacuum door states, “The vacuum door is sealed.”
Leer presses his gravity button as their combined fluid motion sails slowly ahead then lower down to the stable concrete slab. He asked. “Why would a hospital door be sealed? It’s a hospital for an emergency or a sick person.”
Eartha stares at the glass door. She stated, “I do not know. We don’t represent an emergency. We are not a pair of sick persons. Does the vacuum door know that? Can it read a medical and a heat signature too? I know some technology can read if a person is dying of a heart attack or a blooding stomach ulcer or a nose sneezing cold virus. Or is the hospital locked down for a surgery?”
He frowned. “I don’t know either. I guess we could go and enter through the seventeenth band vacuum door.”
She stated. “No! That’s way too dangerous! Don’t you remember? Doil told us not to travel between the buildings for any reason.”
“Right toe! So, we come back and visit them tomorrow when there is more hospital staff on duty during the daylight hours or times. Or we visit Mummery and walk inside with her to the reception space, tomorrow. The door would recognize her heat signature as a doctor. We just follow her into the vacuum chamber. It looks big like it would hundreds of space people,” Leer chuckled.
“No! No! Wait here! Let me think. The hospital door is sealed. The door is sensitive to a sick person or a medical condition or a wound. I know.” She wiggles both her arms free from the two bent space suit sleeves, bringing both her hands together inside the body cast. She grunts in pain.
Leer cuddles her from the back spine and stares at the glass door. He asked. “What are you doing, in there, Eartha? We have to figure out a way to get into the hospital building.”
“I’m injuring my body.”
He gasped. “What! What for? Why for?”
Her sharp fingernail digs down into her tender flesh burrowing down into the second layer of her skin, sawing and cutting on her body. Eartha grunted with the pain again. “I broke the skin.” The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into the interior hallway on Building 1616. She presses the thruster button forward, sailing away from Leer and through the air, floating inside the middle of the chamber.
He presses the thruster button forward, following behind her back spine. He stated with a smile and a chuckle. “That’s one smart door. What did you do to your body or the door or do?”
They halt and hover near the interior glass door on the vacuum chamber. The exterior door shuts behind a pair of back spines. The mechanics hiss and release the outer space molecules flooding the compartment with a room of breathable oxygen, sounding with a set of soft tings.
She smiled. “I broke the skin on my hand as the blood droplets splattered over the metal of my space suit. Then the medical indictor light triggered the power inside my suit for an emergency and communicated it as a medical signature. My medial signature was transmitted into the vacuum door. And the door magically and electronically opened.”
“I’m proud of your bravery.” He smiled.
“Now, we know that the door is really for a medical emergency. I guess it keeps a set of drifters from using the free vacuum chamber system for fun.”
“Like us…” He laughed.
The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open.
A female voice says via the palmer speaker box on the wall. “Attention, the room has gravity. Please remove your space suit.”


Sixteenth Band, Building 1616
Hospital vacuum chamber (outer space into lobby)
104:35 hours/minutes


Each one presses the thruster button forward and flies ahead over the same heated floor made of the same pretty, frozen, lava-coated gel, bouncing into each other, offering smiles and chuckles. Each one anticipates the space trip back home to the Pond and a fun vacation on Planet Jupiter.
Eartha said through the space helmet transmitter to Leer. “We do not strip outta of our space suits, this visit. This is a really quick interview with the one of the head hospital staffers to verify the missing people.”
“Right toe. You’re the boss.” He chuckled with a smile.
“Then, we turn around and report the criminal person to Renato. And finally, we wrap up this criminal outlaw case and go back home to the Pond.”
“Right toe. You’re right,” he chuckled again.
They follow a smooth side wall of matching frozen, lava-coated gel then turn the wall corner to see an open reception room inside the hospital. The room is rectangular-shaped made of the same frozen glittering gel of pretty red, pink, blue, green, and yellow colors. The forward wall displays a registration counter for the sick patients.
One of the side walls holds an open archway with a set of living room furniture for the families of the sick patients to lounge and to eat while waiting on the sick family member to visit the physician inside the hospital.
On the other side wall, there is a set of double doors, closed.
Eartha flies through the air and approaches the forward wall with a glittering gel colored high smooth stone counter and a solo male. She said through the internal transmitter of the space helmet to Leer, “I see an open archway on my left and a set of closed doors on my right. The open archway holds a very large lounge room for the waiting relatives of the medical patients. Go and spy inside the lounge room first. See if you find a hair follicle or a blood stain or a piece of chewing gum that might be from one of the three victims here.”
The male at the counter looks up and wears a stern face seeing both Eartha and Leer.
Leer said without a facial expression inside the closed face mask, without alerting the solo male at the desk. “Probably not, they have a set of clean-up robot machines like the rest of the homes and businesses throughout the galaxy. Even I got a batch of the nasty models for my pole house, making my floors and my walls spit and shine clean in the galaxy too.”
“And see, if you can open that side set of double doors for .0002 seconds for me?”
Leer stops and views the lounge room. He stated, “Ugh! Does my pay cover jail time on Pluto?”
She giggles with a grin following to the counter, heading towards the male clerk. She stated, “We are the Outlaws on Pluto. And Outlaws rule everywhere in the galaxy.”
“I hope Renato remembers that he invited us here on Pluto.” Leer said. He sails through the air and floats into the lounge room slowly spying around the furniture and the floor also made of the hard glittering gel too, a common building material on Pluto.
Eartha stops and hovers at the registration counter wearing a smile, removing the face mask.
The male is tall, a head of bald hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, wearing a stern face. He asked without viewing Earth, “What is your medical emergency, Miss?”
Eartha smiled with a wink, “None.”
“What is your immediate medical need?” He said with a stern face.
“Information.”
“No,” the male smiled.
Eartha frowned. “Who are you?”
“No body.”
Eartha frowned. “Where are the medical nurses inside the hospital for a sick patient?”
“None.”
“Where are the medical robots for a sick patient?”
“None.”
She frowned. “Where are the physicians inside the hospital for a sick patient?”
He smiled. “Present.”
She gasped. “The hospital is staffed with a physician at night for an emergency.”
“Current.”
She winked with a giggle. “Zing it. I will tell you my request. I am here to verify three medical patients from this hospital.”
The male smiled. “And?”
She gasped. “And the three medical patients had a brain tumor here at this hospital.”
He smiled, “And?”
She gasped, “And the three medical patients had a brain tumor and were operated on by Dr. Purry Mummery here at this hospital.”
“And?”
She gasped, “And?”
Leer slowly twirls around in the air and viewing the lounge room. The room is cleaner than the floors inside Taradiddle’s house. Thus, Leer cannot find a puff of dust left by an invading flock of nasty dust bunnies. He whirls around and flies in the air, moving across the floor, out the archway, across the hallway of the reception room to the opposite side of the wall. He rams into a new set of closed doors with his space suit. The double doors do not shake or part from the bad collision of man and machine.
The male physician turns with a gasp, waving his hand at the rear space helmet on Leer. He yelled, “Sir! Hey, sir!”
Leer presses the thruster button backward, backing up the space suit and presses the thruster button forward ramming the closed doors, again. He chuckles with amusement. The double doors do not move.
The male gasps in alarm and waves both of his arms in the air viewing the rear space helmet on Leer. He yelled, “Sir, please, stop that! I can help you over here at this counter. Please, come over here, sir!”
Leer presses the thruster button sideways and then turns to face the male, removing the face mask. He jabs his space glove at the double doors wearing a smile. He asked, “Is this the bathroom door, sonny? I need to piss.”
The male exhales with a huff of annoyance and shakes his bald mound. He stated, “No sir! That is not the bathroom door. Come over here to me! I can assist you, sir.”
Leer presses the thruster button forward and rams into the receptionist counter making a loud thud along with his human chuckle. Eartha air-walks sidesteps getting away from Leer and then sneers at his silly behavior. Leer leans over the counter into the male’s face. He stated, “Well, I can hold it, until I get home. Since I’m here, I got another question, sonny. Did you know that the bright and warm sun rays of planet Earth don’t shine here on dark and cold planet Pluto? I guess me and you know the answer to that questions.”
The male smiled with a nod. “What is your other question, sir?”
Leer smiled. “Yesterday, patient numbers 81860, 81390, and 81490 were admitted into the hospital for a brain tumor operation which was performed by Dr. Purry Mummery. The three surgeries were successful and then patient numbers 81860, 81390, and 81490 left the hospital all happy and healthy.”
The medical physician smiled with a nod. “All true. What is your other question, sir?”
Leer laughed. “What do you do with all the dead bodies?” Eartha gasps with shock.
“We space them, of course.”
Leer laughed with a nod. “Excellent.”
Eartha frowns at the medical physician. She asked, “What happens when there is an emergency at one of homes on the band of flowing river particles? How would I connect to you as a physician to save my life inside my house like a burn or a fire or a heart attack?”
The physician viewed Eartha. “I do not understand your question. What is your other question, Miss?”
She exhaled. “If I was home with my child and then our home shook and tilted down into the River of Lava, how would I get an emergency signal to you for a body rescue?”
The physician laughed. “That’s not an emergency, it’s a death.”
“What!” Eartha said. “Don’t you provide a palmer to each native of Pluto for a medical emergency to save their live or the lives of their family members?”
The physician looks up with a confused brow to see the ceiling tiles and then returns back down to see Eartha. He said with a puzzled brow. “What is a palmer?”
“A palmer, a palmer, a universal communication devise for talking with people and hearing music.” Eartha said. She wiggles her arm loose from the slot and reaches down for her palmer inside the pocket slot, lifting it up and through the open neckline of the space suit for him to see the hand device. “This is a palmer, a communication devise to talk to another person across the galaxy or into the next room.”
The physician frowned. “We do not provide a palmer or a communication device to any natives here on Pluto.”
Eartha frowned. “How in the galaxy do you communication with another person, your girlfriend, or your mom?”
The physician laughed. “Face to face…”
She gasped. “What the hell? I wanna…”
“…leave…” Leer reaches over and grabs the bent wrist bone on her damaged space suit, presenting a smile. He presses the thruster button backward and drags both of them from the reception counter and the laughing physician. He uses his brute manly force on Eartha. He said. “Let’s go, dearie! We’ve wasted enough of the young sonny’s time. He’s a very busy medical person here at the non-patient flowing hospital.” He floats backward in the air with her, until he almost hits the rear wall, releasing the thruster button and Eartha, at the same time. They float and hover in the gravity atmosphere of the hospital. Leer replaces the face mask breathing the air molecules then presses the thruster forward slowly spinning around to face the glass door, traveling down through the hallway and then stops. He hovers in front of the glass door, until his heat signature rams into the door glass. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open.
Eartha replaces the face mask over her sweaty face and then presses the thruster button forward. She flies into the chamber hovering beside Leer in silence. The door shuts behind a pair of back spines. The mechanics hiss and then ting in musical tones with the proper air exchange. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space, onto the fifteenth band.


Spacewalk
Fifteenth and Fourteenth bands of lava
105:01 hours/minutes


Each one flies together in silence through the archway, over the River of Lava and presses the gravity button. They both tap down on a pair of space boots on top of the trolley floor, on the fifteenth band for a split second. Each one depresses the gravity button and then floats up into outer space, again, pressing the thruster button, flying over the second River of Lava, landing on top of the trolley floor, on the fourteenth band. Each one presses the gravity button locking a pair of space boots down on the flat surface of concrete.
The second trolley slowly sails ahead moving closer to Building 1313, without a set of persons or concrete supply boxes.
Leer depresses the gravity button and floats up into outer space, pressing the thruster button forward, flying over the exposed portion of the River of Lava. He said through the transmitter on the space helmet. “Come on, Eartha! I have a ton of curious questions for Doil about her little girl and her palmer as a competent and pissed off outer space law enforcement officer of the galaxy. Why didn’t we ask about the palmer before?”
Eartha continues to stand on the trolley floor. She ponders Mrs. Doil, the missing little girl, and the palmer devise. She said through the space helmet transmitter to Leer, “I’m coming. A palmer is a common device with all people but here on Pluto. I didn’t think of it either. And we still have too many questions without a single answer of a missing child.”
Leer flies ahead, stops, and hovers in the air in front of the glass door on the vacuum chamber at Building 1313, Doil’s residence. The exterior door slides open. He sails through the air and halts hovering mid-aid inside the middle chamber. The door shuts behind his back spine. The mechanics hiss and then sung with a set of soft tings with the proper air exchange inside the vacuum chamber.
Eartha watches Leer and continues to hover outside over the slab of concrete on Building 1313.


Thirteenth Band, Building 1313
Home of Doil vacuum room (outer space from fourteenth band)
105:19 hours/minutes


The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into the house of Doil.
A male voice says via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Leer sails through the air from the vacuum chamber, depresses the gravity button and then halts a few inches from the heated floor, setting the hover mode. He slams the manual handle. His space suit pops open with a hiss at his collar bones, underneath his two arm pits, and then down the long sides of his legs, not at his naked feet. Then the frontal body cast smoothly separates with a slight soft ting. He shoves the frontal body cast as far as he can leaping from the suit, landing down onto the warm floor in his naked feet. He presents a confused brow of dissatisfaction regarding the current Outlaw criminal case. He spins around and reaches out opening the sucker valve, sucking in new oxygen molecules for the space flight back to the next building. He twirls around, shuffles ahead on his naked feet, and then stops standing in front of Doil and her neighbor Gladkit.
They quietly stand and wear a tear-stained face of worry approaching Leer. He wipes then brushes back his hairy bangs from his sweaty forehead exhaling with a puff of anger, worry, and deep disappointment with the two young mothers. He stated, “Ladies, we are at an impasse on this criminal investigation.”
Doil tilts her chin to the side and presents a worried brow. She stated, “But I answered all your questions. What does that mean? Where is my little girl?”
He nodded with a stern face. “Yes, you did. And yes, they did too. We have interviewed the two surgeons and the hospital personnel. They are not guilty of kidnapping your children or your husband.”
Within outer space, Earth slams into the glass door with her bent wrist and executes the same procedure, like Leer. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into the house of Doil.
A male voice says via the palmer speaker box. “Attention: the room holds gravity. Please remove your space suit.”
Eartha quickly enters the house then slowly parks the space suit over the heated floor, like she has done numerous times today. She leaps from the damaged space suit and stands on the warm floor shaking her wet hair strands, wiping off her dirty face while hearing the brash conversation between Leer and the two females.
Doil shuffles sideways wearing an angry face pointing her finger at Leer. She screamed. “That’s impossible! That’s impossible! I…I brought you here to find my little girl and not give up or give me excuses. Go back out there inside the hard, cold outer space waves, and find my child right now.”
Gladkit starts to cry revealing a steam of rolling wet tears, wiping them with both of her naked hands. She stated, “Find my child and my husband too.”
Eartha gasps with shock, slowly climbing out her floating space suit with her palmer, landing on her naked feet and dashes to stand beside Leer. She faces both Doil and Gladkit. She said with a confused brow. “Wait! Wait! You had brought us here to Pluto. How did you bring us here to Pluto?”
“Yeah!” Doil stated in anger. She crosses her arms and sneers at Eartha. “There’s no Outlaw program here on Pluto to report a kid kidnapping. I searched through all the plutonian information of over 60,000 names and I didn’t find one Outlaw. So, I went to Administrator Renato and demanded that he bring the outlaws here to find my missing daughter. She was kidnapped from her room. He did his job. Now, you go and do your job, outlaws.”
Leer frowned. “No one knows the true population of Pluto.”
“About 80,000 or so,” Doil smiled with a nod.
Eartha frowned. “How do you know that information?”
Doil waves her cupped hand with her palmer in the air. She stated, “The equator on Pluto is 2,860 miles around the fat belly of the planet, where the majority of the natives live. Each mile holds a set of ten houses. So, ten times 2,860 adds up to 28,600 households. There are two or three natives inside each household. So, the grand total is between 60,000 and 80,000 inhabitants on Pluto.”
Leer frowned. “That’s a really good estimation of the population that no one else knows. But how did you figure that out, ma’am?”
Doil shuffles side to side and points at each viewing window displaying the row of houses and outer space environment. “My daughter and I used to take a set of day time adventure trips out from the back door of my back yard. The trolley system…”
“…is excellent.” Eartha stated. “Yeah! You told me that, also. What is your occupation here on Pluto, Mrs. Doil? Where do you work a job for bits? Which numbered building on the sixteenth band is your employment office with the wiggling concrete slab of lava?”
Doil smiled with a nod. “I’m a homemaker.”
Leer viewed Gladkit. “Where do you work for bits, Gladkit?”
Eartha gasps in alarm and points down at the palmer in Doil’s cupped hand. She stated, “Wait! Where do you get that palmer? Both of you possess a palmer. I learned that…”
“It’s mine.” Doil shouted. She cuddles her palmer and sneers at Eartha. “No one can have it. No one has one here. I brought it with me.”
“How did you load all the plutonian information onto your palmer which was shared by my palmer?” Eartha asked. She looks down with a confused brow to see her personal palmer.
“I downloaded all the information at my home.” Doil smiled.
He gasped with shock. “Wait! You brought it with you from where. Where’s your home? Hmm! I also learned something new today. A palmer device is not given off or available on the planet of Pluto.”
Eartha looks up and gasps in shock. She stated, “You downloaded all the information from your home. What is your original planet?”
“I moved from home to here on Pluto.” Doil smiled with a nod.
Leer sneered. “Wait a minute! When did you travel and physical move from your home to here on Pluto?”
“Two months ago.” Doil smiled with a nod.
Eartha sneered. “That’s a very significant piece of information that you didn’t relay to us, this afternoon, Mrs. Doil. Where did you live before moving to Pluto?”
Leer stands next to Eartha and presents a sour frown. He ordered, “Stop asking her one question at a time. Let’s start from the beginning of your life, Mrs. Doil. Tell us all about your background story, before moving here to Pluto!”
Doil nodded with a smile. “Well, my grandfather enjoyed playing all types of cards.”
Eartha gasps in shock. She commented. “Your grandfather gambled inside one the numerous casinos on Jupiter. He is a gambler. Are you originally from Jupiter?”
“I was born on Jupiter. My little girl Evatisha was born on Jupiter too.”
Eartha sneered. “Where is your married husband, Mrs. Doil?”
Doil frowned. “He died on Jupiter. I told you that when you first arrived into my house, this early afternoon. He couldn’t make the trip with me to Pluto, when he’s dead. When my grandfather won a house on Pluto from a gambling bet, I upped and moved here to seek a new life with my daughter, alone and widowed.”
Eartha nodded. “Your grandfather gave you bits from his winning gambling bets also. You don’t have to work for a food plate or a palmer or a house.”
Doil smiled, “Yeah.”
Eartha viewed Gladkit. “What’s your sob story, Gladkit?”
Doil leans over and hugs her friend presenting a grin. She stated. “She’s my ‘bestest’ friend in the galaxy. When I moved to Pluto, she moved with me. So, we could be neighbors and friends together like on Jupiter.”
Eartha laughed. “O my goodness! Here stands before me, two Jupiter-born native girls.”
Doil sneered. “What does that mean, Outlaw?”
Eartha laughed, “Nothing to me! Let’s go, Leer!” She back steps from the two adult women then twirls around presenting a smirk, shuffling ahead to her floating space suit, reaching out and slaps the compartment shut. The suit has refilled with fresh oxygen molecules from the interior rooms of the house. She climbs over the two bent and crooked space arms, twisting around in the air and slides down into the damaged body cast, wiggling her ass, both her arms, and both her feet and legs into the numerous space suit slots.
Doil sneers in worry and follows the ass on Eartha, jabbing her finger at Eartha. She yelled. “You…you listen to me, Outlaw. I’m your boss here on Pluto. Go and find my missing daughter! I brought you here to do a job, Outlaw. Do you job here, Outlaw?”
Eartha wears a fake smile and views a red-faced Doil, who stands a few feet in front of the floating space suit. She stated. “Zing it! Don’t worry, Mrs. Doil and good neighbor Mrs. Gladkit Hapten! We’re leaving to discuss the kidnapper’s hideout and the location of your missing relatives. And we will come back.” She depresses the gravity button floating upwards in the air, twirling around to face the glass door and then presses the thruster button. She flies ahead then halts in the front of the glass door as her heat signature bombards the sensors inside the glass. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space, onto the twelfth band. She sails through the air and stops hovering inside the center of the vacuum chamber. She wears a sour frown and a closed mind of heavy thoughts. The door shuts behind her back spine. The mechanics hiss and then sound with a set of soft tings with the proper air exchange as Eartha ignores the noise.
Leer stands in place and wears a confused brow spinning around, shuffling back to his parked space suit, in silence, too. He wants an answer from the rude human behavior of Outlaw Eartha towards the two nice plutonians but does not want a verbal nasty response from Eartha, in front of the two non-paying, worried adult female clients. He leaps up and then inside the open body cast wiggling both his arms and legs through the numerous slots, pressing the lever. The space suit shuts and sounds with soft tings of closure.


Spacewalk
Twelfth and Eleventh Bands of lava
105:40 hours/minutes


The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space, onto the twelfth band.
Eartha presses the thruster button forward and flies ahead from the house, without waiting for Leer to decompression inside the vacuum chamber. She starts her spacewalk flying over the River of Lava and the first river trolley kart, on the twelfth band. It is hard to tell what time of day or night as the planet rotates every 153 hours. The River of Lava travels around the dark and the light side of the planet also. She skims over the floor for safety without falling down and drowning in the flowing lava liquid. She cannot breathe a set of heated lava particles, so she uses the slowly sailing trolley floor like an outer space sidewalk, soaring over the flowing River of Lava onto the eleventh band. She presses the gravity button and then lands down on the second trolley floor. She grunts in anger.
Inside the Doil house, Leer follows the same procedure. The entire floor in the house is built on top of a flowing river composed of steamy lava particles and heated liquid elements, where the elements comprise the house floor, which burns any delicate metal, such like, an ancient earthling space suit. Leer needs his personal space suit to breath in order to safely travel back up the River of Lava and access the Beetle starship for his home, sometime tomorrow or maybe, the later part of this week, if the Outlaw assignment does not solve itself. Else Leer finds the missing child.
The door shut behind his back spine. The mechanics perform the same nosily process. Leer ignores the soft musical tones within his heavy thoughts.
Leer has lost the time of the day and the night feeling both tired and hunger from working within the cold low gravity air and among the dark, black skyline. His home world is bright and cheery, not steamy and hot. Hell, he dresses in a pair of walking shorts and a pair of naked toes.
Currently, the Outlaw assignment is cold and getting colder than the negative 424 degrees of fridge air on Planet Pluto.
Leer really wants to travel the swift flowing River of Lava, in both fear and excitement. going directly back to the Northern Polar Axis, inside a death ride, and then leave Pluto behind, in both failure and defeat. He desires his pole house and his foot stool watching a fun program on his personal palmer device while relaxing and forgetting about the newest Outlaw assignment.
The exterior glass door on the vacuum door opens into outer space, on the twelfth band.
Leer hovers inside the vacuum chamber without moving and blinks his two eyelids open coming out of his daydream or nightmare, seeing Eartha. She is traveling without him inside the second trolley over the pretty eleventh band on the River of Lava. He presses the thruster button forward and flies through the archway, over the first River of Lava, over the first trolley floor, and then lands down beside her on the second trolley floor. He presses the gravity button sticking down on top of the rough concrete floor, for body safety. He does not bother reaching out, holding onto the upper railing bar, since his body is used to the slight sideways motion of the trolley over the rough river waters. Both his boot heels clamp down onto the rough floor of the trolley. He can see her nose profile and her set of curls lips inside the space helmet. She is facing the hotel building, on the ninth band.
Leer softly said through the shared transmitter of the space suits. “What’s wrong, Eartha? What was the awful performance about in both of Doil and Gladkit? I don’t understand.”
Eartha continues to stare and studies the only two-story building on the ninth band. She asked, “Have you noticed that they don’t eat?”
Leer tilts the space helmet back against his neck muscles staring up at the billions of twinkling whitish yellow stars. He grinned. “I eat.”
“They do not eat. There are massive amounts of food trays, but not one of them stands and moves to the food tray, grabbing a cold beverage, a piece of food, or a napkin. They don’t call us by our first or last names either. They don’t use please or thank you. This place is so rude.”
“This place is so real. We are bothering their daily routine life. I would not eat either, if I was being investigated for a few kidnappings and a possible a few murders.”
“Murder!” She shouted. Eartha gasps in shock inside her space helmet, slowly turning her neck and body to see the side profile on his space helmet. “What murders? There isn’t a murder here.”
He continues to smile and stares up at the continuous twinkles within the Solar System. Leer said, “There isn’t a child here either. What do you think happens when a child is kidnapped, without a palmer notification demand note? And the child has not been returned to the parent. And the parent is not a native of Pluto. And the parent is only a single parent, without a large amount of credits. It is called a murder. The child is not coming back to live with her mom. This is so sad.”
“Yeah. This is so sad!” She repeated. Eartha exhales with frustration then turns to see the hotel in the distance.
He exhales with a huff of worry at the pretty stars, coming back to reality of cold Pluto. Leer asked, “Do you have another working theory other than a murder of three people? Please share with me, Eartha. What is wrong? What is right?” He looks down with a stern face and stares into her space helmet, feeling both confused and lost.
Eartha has received a secret revelation regarding the two young female mothers, who are a pair of original natives from Planet Jupiter. Eartha had worked there as an Outlaw. Leer had visited there as a guest, which was two very different and distinct important roles. Thus, his trusting partner is not being honest with her feelings or her instincts.
She exhaled. “I will share my working Outlaw theory, after a hot bath and a hot plate of food.”
He frowned. “What happened back there inside Mrs. Doil’s house, Eartha? I don’t understand your rude behavior. I mean you’ve been rude to all the native plutonians, since we arrived. But Mrs. Doil was really nice to us, until we learned about her lie. What does her lie have to do with her missing kid and her neighbor’s missing kid and her husband?”
Eartha exhaled. “Yeah, I have another theory. Rest your active mind thoughts. We don’t need to interview the…”
“Administrator, the mother, the physician, the surgeon, the second mother, the hospital…”
The second trolley, on the eleventh band, slows speed then comes to a smooth stop at the entrance concrete of the hotel as the wiggling gel twinkles in the dull light over the windows and the sign of 901.
Eartha looks down with a puzzled brow and scans the rough naked concrete on the trolley floor. She asked, “How in the hell does this thing know where to stop without electronics and a plutonian guide? There aren’t any buttons or switches or a single panel of electronics on a non-operating slab of white colored concrete.”
“Pluto magic!” Leer laughed. He turns to see the slab of concrete on building 901, bending down on both his kneecaps and then jumps up from the floor, flying in the air, like a kid. His body sails high in the air, moving ahead to the two-story hotel building. He activates the gravity button as the space suit slowly pulls him back down toward the top of the entrance slab on Hotel 901, for his fun from a day of disappointment. Leer isn’t thrilled about staying through the night on Pluto, but he has to finish the Outlaw investigation, come victory or defeat.
Tomorrow is the key, thou. And Eartha has a new plan with the key answer. She is a smart girl and pretty one too. Leer might ask her for a social date upon returning back to the Pond, if she quits bouncing into his ass. And he will offer a dance and a dinner as her good work of an Outlaw on the completed Outlaw assignment. He does not want to give her the idea that they will become a social dating couple either.
A dating couple, like his friends Boodle and Tean, leads into an engaged couple, like his friends Boodle and Tean, and then it leads into an upcoming marriage, like his friends Boodle and Tean.
Hell, he is a young adult male, at twenty seven years, three months, and eighteen days old, with an entire galaxy to explore and conquer as a young Outlaw. He is toying with the mental thought of moving out among the stars, too, transferring to another planet to experience the life of a true Outlaw, unlike his biological and safe parents.


Ninth Band, Building 901
Hotel vacuum chamber door (outer space to lobby)
106:06 hours/minutes


Leer lands with a chuckle and a smile on his bent kneecaps, on top of the concrete slab, without harming his body, within the space suit as the smaller concrete slab slightly wobbles side to side from the violent impact of a pair of wavering space boots. He slowly floats upright in outer space for some more fun to see and stare at the prettiest building number in the galaxy. Each colored number is massive in size over twice his height and deeply etched into the smooth white concrete, blazing in a set of wiggling lava colors of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow tiny particles. A piece of concrete slab is mounted below the exterior vacuum glass door, the only decoration on the exterior entranceway, leading into the vacuum room or the old fashioned lobby for a building or a foyer for a house structure.
There are glass viewing windows on each side of the hotel building viewing the River of Lava and the row of numerous hour-glass houses on the thirteenth band.
The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber does not slide open. He reaches out and touches the clear glass on the door with his space glove. And still the exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber door does not slide open into the hotel interior.
Eartha depresses the gravity button, floating up to the stars and presses the thruster button forward, flying off the stationary trolley floor, on the eleventh band. She views the back spine on Leer. She said into the internal transmitter. “What’s wrong?”
“The vacuum door didn’t slide open. It didn’t realize my heat signature and it didn’t open from a physical hand touch, either. What’s wrong with the damn thing?” Leer yelled. He exhales with a huff of annoyance, since he isn’t living within a set of breathable air or solving a simple missing child case. The Outlaw easy assignment has turned into a complicated nightmare, if he is dreaming.
Earth flies forward and lands on top of an extremely small slab of concrete with the creepy glittering gel number then her body tats to wobble too. She screamed, “Zing it!”
“O! O no! Watch out!” Leer yelled. The slab starts to wobble on the River of Lava. “Whoa! This slab is really too small for a set of four space foot prints.” He reaches out and grabs Eartha cuddling her in front of his chest. He asked with a worried brow. “Are we invited here to stay the night or the day or the way?”
“Yes.” Eartha said. She examines the glass door with her trained eyeballs. “Zing it! This is an old fashioned pull open the door knob using a silver-tinted door handle for a naked hand. No one uses a door knob anymore here within outer space. Administrator Renato told us that this was the first building on the ninth band, so it must the first building ever built, on Pluto, by the ancient settlers with only a set of mechanical features. Can you pull the door handle open and then shove my ass inside? I can’t do nothing with a set of two bent and crooked elbows.” She splits her legs apart and drops down her torso space unit and her space helmet over the slab and away from his chest and his arm span.
“Yeah! Yeah!” Leer stated. He leans forward and grabs a smooth vertical-shaped door handle with his space glove pulling it towards his face. The door opens with ease. “It’s well-oiled for an easy slide into the vacuum chamber.”
In outer space, every building possesses an air vacuum chamber for expelling the nasty non-breathable outer space molecules. Else, the human must wear the space suit for days and then smell shitty and then will die eventually, without water and food inside a space suit.
He shoves her shoulder inside the small enclosed glass room and pushes the door shut, until it clicks and locks in place from the old mechanics.
Eartha bounces upright into a full height, moving through Zero Gravity atmosphere inside the vacuum chamber, slamming a set of different space suit body parts into the front glass, the two naked side concrete walls, and the rear glass door. She sounds with a low grunt as her mind clicks with the mental plans and her nerves ache from the high tension of a disappointing day. The old mechanics hiss in a series of loud ghostly moans as the vacuum room expels the outer space molecules and then floods the chamber with breathable air, making a set of growling groans from an old male.
The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber does not slide open, again, allowing a body into the lobby of the old hotel. Eartha reaches up and shoves the glass door open with her space glove. The door hisses and then opens with disapproval from the old mechanical technology. She presses the thruster button forward and dances side to side in the air, out the chamber, into the vacuum room, which is really a hotel lobby, perfectly square-shaped with viewing windows, like the other living room settings.
A male voice states via the palmer speaker box on the wall. “Attention, both gravity and air exist in the vacuum room. Attention, you can remove your space suit. Attention, both gravity and air exist in the vacuum room…”
Eartha floats through the air above the frozen gel colored floor inside her space suit, popping open the clear face mask on the space helmet, staring wordlessly at a young adult female and halts in front of a tall counter. She hovers in front of the girl, presenting a sour frown of annoyance.
The young adult female appears twenty something years old possessing a head of brown tinted hair strands touching her collar bones, a tone of pale skin, and a pair of brown eyeballs. She measures average height and weight wearing a pair of silly, soft, plutonian pajamas in yellow hue. She looks up with a smile and a nod to Eartha, sitting at a high counter, nicely clear and clean of objects, such like, a palmer machine, a beverage machine, or a tray of food snacks. She stated, “Hello! You must be one of our two new guests here on Pluto. Your private hotel resting room is through the open archway on my right. It is the first room on your right. Press your naked hand to the door and it will record your DNA prints for security and then it will open with ease. Enjoy your evening on Pluto!”
Eartha nods with a fake smile in silence then turns sideways flying beside a solid wall of frozen lava-coated gel, veering to her right-side through an open archway. She again turns to the side hovering in front of the first door on her right-side as instructed by the nameless smiling girl. She wiggles her arm out from the arm slot and through up her face mask on the space helmet, slamming her naked hand on the metal. The hotel door slides open. She flies ahead into the warm-feeling hotel room. The door shuts behind her back spine.
Outside the building, within the outer space waves, Leer pulls the door handle open and releases the gravity button floating upwards towards the stars, slapping both of his gloves over the open archway. He shoves his body forward into the center of a very tiny enclosed four walled space with a set of two side walls, an even ceiling, an even floor of solid concrete, and a forward glass door. He slowly spins around reaching out and grabs the interior door hand, pulling the door towards his face. The door shuts and locks with a loud clunk. Leer dances upright inside the chamber room sounding with a series of soft chuckles, within microgravity. The vacuum chamber slowly hisses with a musical rhythm of ghostly moans expelling all the nasty outer space molecules. He continues to bounce up and down inside the chamber, hearing the precious sound of his breathing air and the hiss of new breathable air inside the chamber.
The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber does not slide open into the lobby again. He reaches up and slams the glass door with his space glove. The door shutters with a low moan and then opens into the lobby setting of the hotel.
A male voice states via the palmer speaker box on the wall. “Attention, both gravity and air exist in the vacuum room. Attention, you can remove your space suit. Attention, both gravity and air exist in the vacuum room…”
Leer presses the thruster button forward and slowly dances side to side out from the vacuum chamber and into the lobby setting, flying the space suit up towards see the ceiling tiles, moving away from the vacuum glass door. He works the thruster button side to side, slowly turning to the face one of the square walls for a visual examination of curiosity. He slowly halts and hovers between the glass window and the solid wall, lifting up the face mask on his space helmet breathing in a rich supply of mixed oxygen for his human lungs. He reaches out and touches the smooth wall. He said with a smile and a whisper. “It’s solid matter, not wiggling liquid.” His eyeballs dart side to side observing his new environment.
The tall room is a perfect square of four walls, a floor, and a ceiling all decorated in the frozen twinkling pretty lava-coated colors of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow. The lobby entrance wall holds a glass-enclosed vacuum chamber in-between a solid concrete wall like the other circular vacuum rooms throughout the other buildings of Pluto. The solid wall hides all the mechanic machines that sucks out the outer space molecules and sucks in the oxygen air within the lobby.
However, the first building on Pluto is built with a set of straight walls, inside the old fashioned lobby space, displaying a set of long and tall undivided glass walls coming down from the ceiling to the floor base while showing off a set of squat buildings in the far, far distance over a continuous band of steady flowing lava.
The rear wall of the lobby holds a high, long smooth counter made of the same frozen lava colors with a girl, without a set of objects, such like, a palmer machine, a beverage machine, or a tray of food for welcoming a new set of hotel guests.
The young adult female sits in a hard chair of frozen lava and stares with a smile, watching Leer.
Leer wonders if her ass is frozen, as well, sitting in that hard tall chair for minutes, hours, days, weeks, or years.
The entire room, the ceiling, the four walls, and the floor glitters and glows in the pretty colors as the night darkens the Pluto sky of a new evening.
Leer twirls around and faces the glass window and the solid wall, again, as his space glove gently pats on the frozen pretty lava. He whispered with a grin. “The lava is affected by some type of oxygen and hydrogen combination. That’s why the walls and all the furniture are solid matter. There isn’t any gravity but there is breathable air. The registration clerk is not wearing a space suit either.” He presses the thruster button backward, flying backward from the wall, for fun, slowly swirling around to face the girl and the lobby again. He slowly descends a few inches down to the pretty lava colored floor and halts his ancient Earth space suit in hover mode. He does not know, if the old floor holds the same heated elements from the heated River of Lava either. But it is a good guess that it does, and it may be more heated from the older building foundation. He hovers a few inches from the floor and in front of the top counter. He smiles at the young adult female. “Hey, honey! Is this my sleeping place for the night?”
She nods with a grin to Leer, still sitting at a high counter, without an item in her hands. She stated, “Hello! You must be one of our two new guests here on Pluto. Your private hotel resting room is through the open archway on my right. It is the first room on your left. Press your naked hand to the door and it will record your DNA prints for security and then it will open with ease. Enjoy your evening on Pluto!”
“Thanks!” He stated. Leer slowly turns sideways and presses the thruster button forward, following the side solid wall of pretty lava, veering to his right. He enters an open archway and scans the new hallway with a set of two closed side doors. He again turns to the side using the thruster button and then halts in front of the first door on his left-side, slowly leaning his naked face into the smooth metal and firmly tap the tip of his nose bridge into the metal door. He chuckles with amusement. It’s too much trouble to wiggle out his free hand from one of the two arm slots, within his space suit, to slap his finger on the smooth metal. The metal only works with the piece of heated organic matter, such like, a sweaty finger pad or a smelly foot toe.
He jerks back his face from the hissing sound. The metal hotel room door slides open. He stated, “Someone should invent a metal door that opens with a piece of cold stuff like a plucked off hair strand or a clipped off toenail or a flying slimy booger.” He presses the thruster button forward and sails through the air inside his new hotel room. He laughed. “Food is here, too. I’m happy now.” The door shuts behind his back spine for a quiet, relaxing evening.


Hotel Room
Outlaw Eartha
106:16 hours/minutes (late afternoon)


She presses the gravity button and lowers down into hover mode as the floating space suit stands a few inches from the heated floor, without burning the metal foot pads. She must use the space suit to survive the final wild River of Lava ride over the tenth band, heading back up to the warehouse for accessing the Beetle ship for home and breathing air into her lungs, since she will pass out from a heart attack on the non-fun trolley kart.
Eartha exhales with a puff of frustration, missing her pole house and her steamy warm air, popping off the face plate. The face plate floats in the air on the tether line, like the space suit. Her space suit cannot pop open with the familiar musical tones, within her eardrums. When she returns back home to the Pond, she will order herself to deny anymore outer space trips to another planet foreverly.
She slowly climbs out of the damaged body cast, using the pair of bent and crooked space arms as a ladder, falling down over the floor. She squats down then slowly stands upright feeling the warm floor underneath her cold naked feet. She exhales with a deep sigh of disappointment.
Eartha turns, shuffles directly into the refresher station on the opposite wall, then stops. She gasps in shock. She leans her dirty face into the reflective mirror. Her cropped head of blonde hair has grown out into a head of waist-length blonde locks, going down her back spine. She tenderly grabs and lifts the ends of her hair into a ball, yanking on the strands. She shouted, “Ouch.”
Her hair is real and really has grown almost two feet from the top of her hair roots, down to the edge of her waistline. She is tall for an average earthling.
Eartha releases the new grown of hair strands from her cupped hand. She exhales with a sigh of confusion. She reaches out and flips on the water facet, leaning down into the wash sink, cleaning off her sweaty face and both of her dirty hands. Now, she feels both cleaned and refreshed from her lousy Outlaw day.  She lifts her wet face and presents a sour smile to the reflection mirror, wiping off the excess water molecules. She slowly backsteps from the wash skin, spinning around, exiting the refresher room.
She studies her new hotel room seeing four walls, without a viewing window. Now, she feels both trapped and depressed from a lousy Outlaw day.
The room holds four, solid, pretty, lava-coated walls, without one piece of art work or a viewing window of cold and dark outer space. There is a tiny open wardrobe closet beside the metal entrance door. Inside the tiny closet, on the center wall, a set of clean and fresh coral colored sissy soft pajama-like clothing hangs on the rack.
Eartha scans the walls then laughs coming off a bad day at work. She said, “So, the settlers didn’t wanna see the stars, again, after the long trip from Earth and a couple of years in outer space, before landing and settling on Pluto. They must’ve been sick and tired of the bright twinkling stars, building an array of rooms without a window view.” She moves ahead to a round-shaped table with fresh food, grabbing an oversized pretty, frozen, lava-coated platter, filling the empty space with a variety of food items. She spins around and views a low bed that accommodates a small child.
She said with a sour frown, “The bed mattress looks like a kiddie bed, with a set of kiddie pint-sized shorty short furniture and furnishings too. Well, this was the first building, where all the settlers stayed until building a set of pretty cool-looking, hourglass houses. The houses do look pretty, and it is a unique structure. I have never seen a house with two sets of vacuum chambers. So, they took all the good stuff with them, mom.”
She scoots ahead then rests her tired body lengthwise on the top of the soft bed linens, placing the plate of food on top of a smaller, shorter side table, reaching over with her wiggling fingers for a piece food. She touches the fruit feeling the outer skin soft and freshness. She grunts in surprise. Eartha stated, “Well, I guess, it ain’t poisoned. Leer has been sampling every piece of food on every single food table, within every single household, since we arrived here on Pluto. And he ain’t dead yet from plutonian poisoning.” She eats chewing with a hum, swallowing it. “Fresh, too!” She leans down on her elbow with her hand holding her palmer over the soft linens, tapping on the palmer screen and reviews some of the data from both the palmers of Doil and Gladkit. 
“Hmm! Doil has recorded some great still photographs of Pluto, including a slick still of every single house on the thirteenth band. I see the pale face of her daughter through the face plate of the cute tiny space suit too.” She exhales with a puff of worry and then grabs another food item, chewing the delicious favor and then swallows. She thinks through the same old Outlaw issue. 
“First fact, the child is missing from Pluto.” She exhales with a puff of annoyance. “I should be talking with Leer over the current and unsolved outlaw case, but he’s a baby here. The best criminal work that any Outlaw Neptunian does is finding and catching a fishing thief on the Pond for a stolen free meal that holds the catch of the day, which is usually a mischievous teen. I see and feel why Leer doesn’t wanna leave his home world. It is too easy to make a living of nothing. Yeah, that’s why I came to the Pond to make of living of nothing, too. As soon as I catch Leer, my life will be ease and nothing, lounging on the outside fourth floor pier in the bright reflection light on our shared mansion in Quartet RR, getting an overall suntan.”
She laughed then frowned. “If I do not solve this case, Darsha will not be happy with me, since she doesn’t like or trust me. I see her single rolling eyeball, watching me as the other eyeball watches the other outlaws. Whatever!”
She grabs for a new piece of food and pops it into her mouth, chewing and swallows staring at the far wall of pretty tiny particles of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow. Eartha shouted, “Zing it! Solve this thing, now! Then Leer and I can have dinner at the Seafood Shack on the Pond, tonight, a new romantic evening. Yeah!” She smiles at the far wall of pretty colors then looks down at her palmer.
“Doil got the palmer on Jupiter. She is from Jupiter. And the neighbor-friend Gladkit is from Jupiter too. So, they moved their families here from Jupiter with a free house and a pot of free bits with happiness after ever, until the tragedy. Now, the child of Doil and the child of Gladkit and her husband are missing from their respective hourglass houses. But each one received the same medical operation, removal of a brain tumor. When did they have the medical operations?”
Eartha taps on the palmer, scanning through the data of Doil. She stated, “Doil keeps a diary, lucky for me. The child received the medical surgical operation in the late afternoon, the other day. And both the child of Gladkit and her husband had received the same medical surgical operation, the next day, in the early morning hours. And all these people are missing now. However, the hospital staffer confirmed that the three patients left the hospital alive and healthy for their respective homes. The two surgeons said that the three patients were alive and healthy after their respective medical operations to go home, too. So, the new patients were all at home and then got kidnapped as claimed by both biological mothers. However, they didn’t see any type of suspect people or space suits around their homes.”
She laughed. “A suspect person would be floating around the house in the air and over the river of pretty lava first. Second, the suspect person has to enter through the vacuum chamber to breathe inside the house. So, if someone entered the vacuum chamber, then he or she was unwelcomed. Doil could elect to space the unwelcomed person into outer space instead. That’s the point of the vacuum chamber to keep nice people in and bad people out.”
She reaches over and grabs a handful of food, chewing and talking out loud for her eardrums only. Eartha said, “It did not really matter, if there was a suspect flying glittery gel covered space suit, because he couldn’t come into the house without that stupid speaker announcing his presence. And then Doil could space him outside the vacuum chamber glass door. And Doil has only been here for two months, a lot of cold Pluto time, but not a lot of guest visiting time for a room of friendly natives, either. Doil said that her daughter got sick and she met both Mummery and Taradiddle that day. Hmm, the operation occurred that late afternoon. That’s quick. So, Doil doesn’t know any other natives on Pluto, but her tail coating flying Jupiter neighbor-friend. And Doil has some credits from her grandfather’s gambling winnings and a new house on Pluto. The house was very sparse. Doil doesn’t have credits to import an assortment of new modern day furniture from Saturn. Or she would have done that within the two month time period too.”
She reaches over and grabs another handful of food, chewing and then hears her voice inside the lonely room. Eartha said, “However, there has not been a palmer notification of the missing kid either but no surprised there, since no one has a palmer devise for communication, but Doil and Gladkit. So, the crime is not a kidnapping. No one saw the child leave the home or the thirteenth band or the day child facility. Wait! I haven’t interviewed the day care personnel or facility. Wait. The child is three years old and lives at home, so there is no need to talk to the day care facility.”
She reaches out and grabs more food items, chewing and then swallows. She said, “So, the crime is a murder. Leer suggested that too. I might agree. If this is a murder for some reason, who done it? I can’t find the kid, a second kid, a husband, or a kidnapper. How am I supposed to find a murderer? If this really was a murder, the body would be floating on top and upside down, sailing down the River of Lava, because all dead bodies float, not drown. The body could be tied down with a set of heavy concrete slabs and still it will be burped back up onto the surface of the heated river of lava, since the human anatomy is very complicated. The human body implores with numerous internal gases inside every organ, making the dead body actually soar back up and break the water or liquid surface here. And it has been two days, a human body would have surfaced somewhere over the river of lava and rotated around the planet a couple of times. The child would have been found and identified as a dead body.”
She exhaled. “So, the crime is not a murder. Thus, the crime is not a kidnapping. But what is the crime? I don’t know. I give up. Do you hear me, Leer?”
She reaches over and grabs a handful of food, chewing and then taps on her palmer viewing more of the visual images. She asked, “Why would she record every single plutonian house on the planet? They all appear as the same in design and in efficiency. Was she bored out of her mind? Yes. Was she sightseeing around her new place of residence? Yeah. Was she entertaining her kid? Yeah. Where are the other children around Pluto? Hmm! Maybe, Leer and I should go to visit the high school. Naw, I don’t authority here to do that. The missing people are children, not teens. And I must seek permission from Renato and his creepy space suit. And the children are only three years old, not inside a pre-academic school environment. Forget it. The crime is not a murder. There is not a dead body or two. The other two bodies would be bloated floating around the River of Lava too. Even the natives would be scared and frightened, reporting something that strange and sad. Hmm, I wonder if we could get a ship to fly over all the rivers. No, there’s not a fleet of starships, private or commercial, here to search for a body. So, the crime is not a murder but a kidnapping. Who was the kidnapper? Where did he take the children? How did he travel from the house and to where? Again, there is not a fleet or one single star ship.”
She reaches over and grabs more food items, chewing with a hum and swallows. Eartha stated, “This plate of food is very, very good. I guess there was a new space shipment, this morning or this afternoon or this evening. Geez! I get so confused with the 153 hours of plutonian time and the rotating rivers of lava with a row of houses.” She exhales with a yawn. “No murder. No body. No kidnapping. No ransom bits. No flying ships. What else is left to do with a body or with this outlaw case?”
She reaches out and grabs more food items, chewing with a hum and taps on her palmer, viewing all the images from Doil. She yawns with exhaustion from her active Outlaw day. She whispered, “I’m tired in both my mind and my body. Doil has too much time.” She taps on her palmer for new data. “Gladkit has tons of still photographs of Pluto. These two women should try and sell these breathe-taking photos for a mass of credits. The wealthy citizens would pay through their nose and out their ass for some of these pretty pics on a crowded wall inside their lonely big mansions. Hmm, that’s an interesting Outlaw criminal angle. Could the smiling natives have gotten jealous or angry about the innocent space suit flybys around their personal resident and tourist sightseeing around their concrete slab?”
She yawned. “I would, if it was my house,” she continues to watch the palmer. “There are hundreds and hundreds of colorful still pictures plus numerous vanity video recordings of Doil and her child, Gladkit and her child. And Doil had snapped a single picture of each house. That’s how she was able to calculate a 60,000 unknown native population on Pluto. She must have clicked on every single home of 2,800 and then every single 60,000 residents like a peeking Tom or worse like an annoying housefly. Earth has those things. I hate pests,” she gasped. “This is a truly a kidnapping of her child. Doil took a picture of house making a native mad. Then the native has kidnapper her child for some vile and vicious payback. Zing it! I gotta go and tell this to Leer.”
She shifts side to side over the bed linens sounding with a loud belch. Eartha laughed, “Excuse me, universe! My stomach is filled after eating a high pile of food, cleaning the plate. And that plate is bigger than it looks. And my eyeballs see too much.” She falls down over the soft linens. “Zing it! Think this through! I have a working theory, not a piece of physical evidence. The second Outlaw rule from the electronic handbook is that a piece of physical evidence is needed to solve a criminal case. I’ll flip through all the stored pics and find the angry mug of the native plutonian. Yes. Then I’ll take the pic to Leer. Yes. Then we take the pic to Renato. Yes. Then Renato identifies the angry plutonian. Yes. Then we find the missing children and the absent husband. Yes. Then Leer and I go home to the Pond and a nice dinner at Seafood Shack.”
She belches out loud again looking through all the colorful photographs for the one nasty face of a mean native plutonian, who has kidnapped two young children and then she yawns. She flips through more photographs with another loud belch, slapping her chest with painful heartburn, slowly looking up and then turns to see the table of food. “I hope that I’m not poisoned or something.” She belched with laughter. “Zing it! I’m a grazing cow from the good food.” She swings back with an ugly yawn to see her palmer, rapidly flipping through the numerous pictures. “Show me your angry face, man or woman or native plutonian.”
She continues to flip through more pictures and then yawns with exhaustion and as her two eyelashes slowly close shut. Eartha jerks awake with a soft yelp opening and then narrowing her eyelashes at the colorful still picture, flipping through more of the photographs on her palmer as she shakes her head side to side to stay awake. She continues to flip through more of the pretty pictures.
She said, “I’m tired in both my mind and my body. Come on nasty kidnapper. Show your face to me now.” She narrows her two eyelashes, focusing on each picture, dropping her tired face down towards the screen on her palmer. She jerks her bone skull backwards with a light cough narrowing her two eyelashes at each picture, dropping her hand over the bed linens, then her chin over the soft pillow.
Her two eyelashes narrow trying to focus on the next blurry picture as each photograph shifts quickly in front of her tired eyeballs. She whispered, “Focus. Find him.” Her face slowly drops down into the soft bedding and as her tongue spit drools on top of the pillow. She soft snores with a catnap.
And then her hand rests over the bed linens as the photographs swiftly flip through the palmer, without Eartha.

At 107:17 hours/minutes in the late afternoon, Eartha awakes lifting her drooling mouth from the wet pillow. She whispered with an ugly yawn. “I was tired. The catnap was refreshing. Yeah, I should go across the way and see Leer. I bet he’s ready for some female comfort and outlaw conversation too.” She slides off the tiny bed, stretching all her limbs in an assortment of different directions, presenting another ugly yawn. “What now?” She closes her mouth and pats her stomach muscles scanning the plain room and then stills. She sneered. “I did. I know that I did. I know that I had polished off a few of the smaller platter of food, including all the fruit.” She moves ahead to the food table growling in anger. She stated. “Now, I spy and see a new platter of fresh fruit and some additional replacement items on a new table of food inside my private personal hotel room. Zing it! They had spied on me and had entered my suite without my written, vocal, or hand signal permission. This is too creepy. No one enters a room without permission. How did they do that? My personal DNA prints were locked and loaded on the metal door. Yeah, the other working and dead plutonians left their sweaty DNA prints too, unless the metal door was demagnetized with a spray of something on the metal. That’s it! This is it! We’re leaving from the sneaky plutonians and their cold planet. Forget about the Outlaw case and the missing child, children, husband! Darsha can send another pair of Outlaws like…like…like Boodle and Tean. Boodle looked interested in taking the Outlaw case anyways.” She spins around and shuffles ahead to her floating space suit and then halts.
“Forget the suit! Go and tattle to Leer, first!” Eartha marches ahead on her naked feet, wearing her food-stained, lavender-colored plutonian pajamas towards the metal door, touching the cold material with her sweaty hand. The door opens. She scoots across the hallway then halts knocking on Leer’s door with her folded fist.
Leer does not answer.
Eartha does not want to shout or call attention to her person inside the hotel hallway, turning to scan an empty non-busy hallway. The hallway shines in the pretty colors of lava particles, without a set of artificial overhead lamps or an array of sunlight on cold and dark Pluto. She finds it odd, unnerving and beautiful, sorta. As far as her naked eyeballs can see down the distance, the area presents an empty and non-busy hallway. Each door is closed and probably locked. There is not another life form moving around the empty corridor for a work day on Pluto.
If this is the same day of light, Eartha is confused with the plutonian change in time and the rotating houses on top of a River of Lava, if anyone can really comprehend that silly mental statement.
She turns to the opposite side within the hallway seeing a closed metal door leading into the hotel lobby. She cannot see or hear anything through the metal door with a set of her human eardrums. And she does not want to open the vacuum room door to spy on the working hotel personnel, without being properly dressed inside her life saving space suit with breathable air and her Outlaw-issued and hidden hand gun for trouble.
Eartha continues to pound on the thick metal door with her folded fist, sounding with her growing fury at Leer and then turns to face the cold metal on the private hotel room.
The hotel door opens.
Leer stands wearing a smile of food-stained lips within his blue-tinted plutonian pajamas, too, wiping both of his dirty hands on the nice shirt. He smiled, “Hey!”
Eartha scoots around him, moving into his private and personal hotel room, shuffling ahead and points at the fresh and steamy entrees on the food table. She wears a confused brow and stops at the edge of the table. She asked, “How in the world of Pluto, since I’m working on the planet, did that table of food get into both of our private and locked personal hotel rooms?”
Leer spins around returning back to the food table, lifting another piece of food and licks off the juice. He stated with a grin. “The food’s good. I don’t know.”
“I do know.” Eartha commented. She extends both her arms even with the floor, wearing a worried brow, scanning his room. “Leer, I don’t like this. They spy on us. They provide us food. They didn’t call us by our names. They don’t…”
“They…” He stated. He chews and then swallows the food reaching for a new piece. “They are good hosts. They are watching us solve an Outlaw crime, the child kidnapping. And we still don’t have a clue to why or who or what or where.”
She exhaled with a nod. “They are watching us.” Eartha grabs a piece of fruit, squeezing it as the juice runs over her hand. She gasps at the fruit, watching the juice over her hand and then hit the floor. “Did you take a catnap after eating an oversized platter of food?” She wipes her dirty hand over the dirtier pajama shirt.
He belched out loud, “Yeah, too!”
“Did you receive a new table of food, too, during your catnap? Look over here to me and the table! Is that a new table of food?”
He turns with a confused brow, scanning the table. Leer stated, “Yeah. The table of food is new. So what? I ate almost all the food platters. This cold weather makes me both hungry and grumpy.” He moves ahead to the table, selecting a new piece of fruit, licking the juice. “And it’s very, very good. The food is fresh here too.”
She exhaled. “Do you not see and hear me? They are spying on us.”
He chews and then swallows the food, reaching for another piece. Leer commented, “We are the guests or strangers or visitors here. I agree your silly statement. So what? We were invited to come here to solve the case of a missing child that is not being solved. Do you think that we should quit and go home, now, today or tonight or tomorrow or yesterday? I get confused about the real plutonian time change here.” He laughs.
Eartha turns with a puzzled brow to see the glass window inside his private hotel room. The River of Lava sparkles as it flows in front of the hotel. She gasps at the river. She stated, “And I have a new lead. I’m taking a shower and changing into a new set of sissy plutonian pajamas clothes. Finish eating and change your clothes, too. There is a new set of sissy pajamas inside the tiny closet on the wall hook. You have food stains on your dirty shirt, making it dirtier against the baby blue.”
He nods in silence to change out of his dirty clothes, grabbing another food item, wearing a pair of food-stained lips and a sour frown. He spins around shuffling to the hotel metal door and then stops.
The private hotel door only works on a human sweat ball to enter and to exit keeping the crime down and the criminal inside the room, if the criminal is brassy enough to do a nasty crime. Then the criminal cannot get outside the room, unless one of the hotel workers is the criminal.
He touches the solid metal with a non-food stained pinky, since food does not work on the metal, either. The door slides open. He chews and views her rear skull with long blonde hair. Leer asked, “What new lead, Eartha? We don’t have a new lead. Everyone is missing. Everyone is innocent. Everyone is…”

“I have a new lead, but we need to go in style. I’ll meet you inside the vacuum room in one hour, based on Earth time, since I can’t figure out the plutonian hour here.” Eartha ordered. She spins around presenting a grin and a giggle with her new brilliant idea, shuffling ahead to her open archway. She has formulated a new solution to the find the three missing people, but she needs a piece of good physical evidence for the Outlaw legal case and trial by her and Leer. Eartha scoots across the hallway and slams her hand on the metal door. She yelled, “Don’t be late, either, Leer! We solve this case and leave for the Pond. I promise.”
“Okay.” He stated. He smiles with chewed food particles between his molars and then closes the hotel door.
She enters her private hotel room. Then her door shuts.


Hotel hallway
108:18 hours/minutes


Her hotel door slides open.
Eartha leaves her personal sleeping hotel suite, moving down an empty hallway of frozen gel as the pretty tiny particles glitter underneath the dull overhead lamps. She wears a fresh set of coral-colored plutonian pajamas from the pre-offered wardrobe closet inside the hotel and her damaged space suit over her new clothes. She presses the thruster button forward and flies over the floor in the opposite direction of the vacuum room, scanning the side of each wall made of the frozen gel also. She sneered. “Yeah, this is part of their evil plan, too. The hallway is empty. There are no other persons working or sleeping down this particular hallway.” She stops and hovers in front of the long window, seeing the creepy glittering gel pulse over the edges of the glass. “Yeah, it looks like a horror show in here to the stupid visitors like me and Leer.”
The hotel is one of a handful of farthest short, white-tinted, concrete-made buildings built on the ninth band of Pluto. She whispered, “He called it, the first building in the year 2053.”
The viewing window faces the direction of west, if she uses a set of old Earth directions, since she is an earthling by birth. The window shows a beautiful skyline of black outer space, an array of billions of white twinkling stars, and a flowing river of lava in the pretty colors of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow. This particular viewing angle cannot display the ugly row of one story hour-glass residential houses on the thirteenth band, the original colony of the ancient settlers from planet Earth on Pluto in the year 2053.
She flies sideways, turning with a puzzled brow, venturing further down an empty hallway and scans each side of the frozen colored pretty gel wall, again. Eartha whispered, “I don’t see a new door. I don’t see a new window. As a matter of true fact, there are not any additional doors for a hotel room or a viewing window to see the River of Lava or an open archway to the freaking public Girl’s and Boy’s bathrooms. This entire hallway is empty and made of solid walls, except for the two sleeping chamber doors of mine and Leer’s room.” She gasps with alarm flying all the way to the end of the hallway, finding a solid wall of frozen gel and then halts. She hovers in the air and over the pretty frozen gel floor, within her space suit. She said with a sneer and an angry brow. “Yeah, the plan is working, too good.”
Eartha presses the thruster button backward, spinning around and presses it forward, flying back down the empty hallway to the open archway of the vacuum chamber without stopping. She does not need anything else from her pre-offered sleeping chamber as she always keeps her personal palmer inside her space suit. Her space jumpsuit is sleeping inside a closet locker at the warehouse building, on the Northern Polar Axis of Pluto. However, the Outlaw-issued space suit contains and protects her body, without the space jumpsuit. She can leave the space jumpsuit, if necessary, based on her new working theory of the three missing humans on Pluto.
Eartha enters the open archway of the lobby room for her new Outlaw plan.


Hotel Room
Outlaw Leer
108:20 hours/minutes


Leer stands naked inside the refresher station, toweling his wet hair with a deep sigh, dropping the cloth down over the counter and then wipes the steamy mirror. He stated with a confused brow. “Where did all those cute strawberry blonde head of hair curls come from? My hair has grown out almost a foot from cropped to mopped bouncing over my shoulders. Right toe! I look like my pretty mom.” He runs all his fingers through the semi-wet hair, looking up with a sour frown into the steamy mirror again. “It must deal with it now, until I can return home to the Pond. Then I can cut the mop off.” He spins around with another deep sigh, moseys from the refresher station and then stops standing in front the food table, seeing a pot of hot water cup. He snaps his fingers then sidesteps standing in front of his floating space suit, reaching inside and pulls out the precious cargo. He gasps with a confused brow. Leer stated, “Hmm! My brown-colored coco bean has grown an asset of tiny green leaves. Is that bad?” He backsteps from his space suit jerking off each tiny leaf from the two beans, tossing them in the air. The tiny leaves gently drift and float down onto the clean floor. He spins around and moves back to the table with a pair of clean beans, leaning over and drops the two beans down into the tea cup of hot water. He stated with a smile and a chuckle. “Naw, I’m healthy.” He lifts the tea cup, slowly stirring the beans and the water together, smelling the sweet brew. “Hot chocolate, it cures everything, mom.” He lifts the warm teacup to a set of lips, sucking down the warm taste, turning to see the tiny closet on the wall. Inside the tiniest tiny wardrobe closet within the Solar System, there stands a rack of fresh garments.
He slowly shuffles to the closet, sipping on the hot coca, placing the teacup on the side table. He reaches up and lifts the outfit off the hook dressing in a fresh set of clothes.
Leer presses both of his naked hands down an azure-colored, sissy pair of soft plutonian pajamas, in which Eartha will no doubt start to tease on Leer, as usual. The hue is the exact color of his home world of Neptune.
The color reminds him of home, visualizing the pole houses, the fresh blue water, the reflective blue sky, and the entire blue planet. He is starting to feel homesick, after running around the cold Zero Gravity atmosphere on a dark-colored Pluto, trying to solve the case of a missing child, which isn’t solved.
He grabs the hot coca, sipping the rest of the warm liquid down his throat shuffling to the floating space suit. The space suit floats like a dull white ghost in hover mode a few inches from the heated floor. Leer slaps the protruded internal compartment shut, cutting off the oxygen molecules into the space suit. The suit holds a sucker valve that sucks up numerous oxygen molecules filling the air vault. The air vault feeds free floating air atoms into the human nose holes and the human mouth inside the space suit.
Regular room air is free and freely rotates with a precious set of the invisible combination of oxygen and hydrogen molecules for a breathing human for air and for stealing. The smart scientists always replenish the air vault inside a space suit using a sucker device to suck up all the free air and store them inside the vertical air vault, until full. Thus, no space suit needs a separate air tank or an additional heavy devise on the flying equipment.
Leer places an empty teacup on top of the side table and climbs into the open body cast on the space suit, wiggling his body into the arm and leg slots, without closing the unit. He reaches out and touches his palmer bringing the device to his face for a visual inspection. He taps on the screen, without seeing any friendly or non-friendly visual messages.
Leer stands too far from the world of Neptune to receive an immediate message through his personal palmer with its limited outer space range. If he sits inside the Beetle starship on top of Planet Pluto, Leer can receive tons of visual and vocal data from Planet Neptune and the rest of the planets, including sorry-ass Planet Earth.
Darsha will not contact them unless Neptune is under attack by a group of lazy Martians or an army of crazy space men.
Leer has not used his palmer during the investigation either.
Eartha is in charge of the Outlaw criminal investigation, trying to impress Leer. He isn’t a dumb water boy on the Pond either. And her idea isn’t working out very well either. During the starship flight inside the Beetle, Eartha theorized that the missing child case was the work of an irate parent or a blood-kin relative. However, so far, there are three missing persons on Pluto, who are not blood related, either.
Leer exhales with a huff of annoyance, slipping his palmer back into the slot pocket, reaching out and pulls the handle of the body cast for closure. The space suit sounds with a slurp as the snaps ring in a series of tiny tings during the sealing process and then a lockdown protecting the human body. The interior lights brighten with power for .001 seconds and then dull back down in black darkness. The interior lights only illuminate with a mechanic problem which causes your heart to jump start into panic mode, if you are working in outer space.
Leer has never experienced a malfunction inside his space suit other than the emergency practice sessions during his younger days of the outlaw academy. Then again, Leer lives on the water of the Great Dark Spot, where the norm presents a naked chest and a pair of naked feet. It is against the legal law to walk or run or fly around in your naked body, enough though the younger and daring teenagers continued try and do get arrested for a couple of hours for humiliation and fun.
He releases the hover mode button and depresses the gravity button floating up into the air currents, turning to see the metal door and presses the thruster button forward. He halts in front of the closed door, leaning his nose bridge into the metal, wearing a smile and feels the cool material on a face. The door opens.
Leer presses the thruster button forward, drifting into an empty hallway. He called out. “I’m here, Eartha. Where are you?” His eyelids dart to the side, seeing an open archway into the lobby room. “Right toe. You’re inside the old hotel lobby. I’m coming.” He presses the thruster forward, slowly twirling to the lobby and flies ahead through the doors and then halts inside the lobby. “No Eartha here. Guys come first. Girls always come second. Ain’t that right, Eartha?” He presses the thruster forward slowly turning and almost bumps into the smooth glass seeing the ugly world of Pluto through one of the side windows inside the square room.
The buildings are made with white concrete like all the other structures. However, the concrete texture inside the old hotel lobby have dulled over the years into a yellowish-gray hue from the constant bombardment of space dust and space debris, coming down from the stars and sideways from the galactic wind storms of Planet Pluto.
This particular window view direction shows a slow moving thirteenth band holding numerous hourglass shaped houses as each back yard looks over the twelfth, eleventh, and tenth river bands of lava.
He depresses the gravity button and floats upwards towards the ceiling as his eyelids turn to stare down the ninth band of glittering gel, seeing in the far, far distance. Leer narrows his two eyelids within his acute vision, seeing a single low-squat building. Leer stated, “They should have built it from marble or granite or crafted it from the pretty slime, instead of white concrete. I wonder where all the concrete came from. Concrete is made from sand. Sand is made from the soil. The soil lives on another planet.” He hears the soft buzzing sound double checking the buttons and levers on his space suit to the proper air supply and thruster control as his eyelids see the movement from the open archway. “Where are you going, Eartha?” He turns with a confused brow to see her inside the vacuum room.


Hotel vacuum room (lobby into outer space)
108:25 hours/minutes


Eartha flies through the open archway viewing the registration counter. She whispered for her eardrums only. “Yeah, the female receptionist is gone, as well. This is part of their evil plan, too.”
Leer hovers in place near the ceiling, wearing a confused brow. He yelled through the transmitter of space helmet. “Where are you going?”
Eartha presses the thruster forward and backward slamming into the glass door and then swings around exhaling with a puff of annoyance. She reaches out and pulls the glass door shut as the glass door clicks and locks in place from the old mechanics. She bounces side to side within the oxygen molecules, within the vacuum chamber, slamming a set of different space suit body parts into the exterior glass door, the two side concrete walls, and interior door. She grunts in annoyance and views the pretty world of Pluto through the forward transparence glass as her mind clicks with her mental plans and her excited nerves are active for the new discovery of the afternoon or evening or current time period on Planet Pluto. The old mechanics groan like an old man as the vacuum room expels out the breathing oxygen and then floods the chamber with a set of deadly outer space molecules.
The exterior vacuum glass door inside the vacuum room does not slide open. Eartha reaches up and shoves the glass door open with her space glove. The door hisses and then opens with disapproval from the old mechanical technology. She presses the thruster button forward moving ahead into outer space, without seeing Leer.
Inside the lobby, Leer stares at the rear space suit and wears a puzzled frown while pondering her new plan. He presses the thruster button forward, twirling around to face the vacuum door and then halts in front of the glass, reaching out to grab the door handle. The interior vacuum glass door opens pulling into his face mask. He presses the thruster button forward to enter the vacuum chamber and bounces side to side inside the center, spinning around to close the door. Leer hovers in the middle of the chamber hearing the moans of the mechanics of the old machine as the vacuum room expels out the breathing oxygen and then floods the chamber with a set of deadly outer space molecules. The exterior glass door of the vacuum chamber does not slide open.


Spacewalk
Ninth Band, Hotel 901
108:33 hours/minutes


He reaches out and grabs the door handle shoving it forward into outer space, slowly drifting through outer space and then presses the gravity button. He lands with a thud on top of the concrete, wobbling side to side over the River of Lava. Leer yelled, “Right toe! I forget it’s a smaller slab for our big four outer space footprints.” He reaches out and grabs the rear handle on her space suit cuddling Eartha in front of his chest, presenting a worried brow.
She scans the tenth band on the River of Lava for a sailing trolley. Eartha ordered, “We have to go back up to the warehouse for the rest of the outlaw investigation. This is the key to solving the missing case of three missing people. I was too rushed to see everything before. Renato was a good puppet, but he left us clues. I didn’t piece the clues together until we talked to each human or animal eyewitness.” She continues to study the four separate rivers of steaming, hot sizzling lava, a calm smooth River of Lava on the tenth Band, a row of moving hour-glass-shaped houses on the thirteenth band, and the numerous empty trolley cars on the twelfth and eleventh bands, without a set of adults, teens, children, or cargo. She asked, “Is it lunchtime or suppertime here?”
He frowns into the rear of her space helmet, not seeing any of the landscape, cuddling her into his chest. Leer asked, “What’s going on? What have you found?”
She smiled. “We need to go back up to see the warehouse.”
He releases her and lifts his space suit arm towards the sky, representing the Northern Polar Axis on Pluto. He sneered. “It’s up there. We’re down here. May I remind here? It’s a crazy runaway trolley kart at 60,000 miles-per-hour which we must travel back to our Beetle for home, one more time. And I still can’t find some of my brain cells inside my left lobe.”
“I know.” She stated. Eartha depresses the gravity button slowly drifting forward over the tenth band River of Lava and away from Leer and the hotel entrance door. She laughed. “Is the left lobe for reason or creativity? I can’t remember now.” She presses the thruster button forward, slowly turning and flies over the tenth band, onto the eleventh band. “I’ll go alone.”
He presses the thruster forward, slowly lifting up in the outer space and flies over the tenth band, following behind her to the eleventh band. He stated with worried brow. “Naw! I suffer with you. So, what’s your new or old plan?”
Eartha flies towards the rear end on a departing trolley, on the eleventh band, hovering over the trolley floor and then presses the gravity button, dropping on top of the wobbling trolley floor. She viewed the river with a smile. “We travel back up to the warehouse. It’s only four minutes and two seconds…”
“…of a scary ride. No, we didn’t need to see the warehouse. We need to leave now.” Leer stated. He flies ahead then hovers over the trolley floor pressing the gravity button. He drops behind her space suit and presents a sour frown, reaching up and hold the upper bar, without falling off the trolley as his arm curls around her space suit waistline. Her crooked elbows cannot move around for a holding pose on the trolley car.


Trolley Ride
Eleventh Band, River of Lava
108:38 hours/minutes


On the eleventh band, Eartha scans the landscape feeling his space suit behind her back spine. She smiled, “No! I’m going to solve the Outlaw case. Everyone will be very proud of me, including you.”
He said a sour frown and a matching tone. “What! We can’t take a trolley up to the North Pole again. The last trip almost killed me before. This is my final command on this Outlaw assignment. We transmit to Darsha an S.O.S. message to send another starship and pick us up on the smallest wobbling concrete slab at the hotel, Building 901. Then we all can ride safe and sound in a controlled environment inside the rear cargo bay of the new ship and then we retrieve the Beetle on the docking platform on the North Pole of Pluto. And then we all go home. We report to her, who we interviewed and what the steps we took to solve the missing case of three persons, which didn’t get solve.”
Eartha gently sways side to side on top of the trolley floor as it slowly rolls over the calm River of Lava on the eleventh band, at 02.50 miles-per-hour. She ordered, “No! We need to go back up to the warehouse at the North Pole, Leer. This is the key to unfolding the mystery of the three missing persons on Pluto, our Outlaw case.”
Leer exhales with a huff of frustration still holding the upper railing bar for additional safety. He demanded, “Why is, that place, the key? We’re standing inside the office first thing, this morning, this afternoon, or this dull light hour.”
She smiled. “Yes, we were there. And Renato surprised us there. I was taken away by sight and by breath of a roofless and wall-less warehouse of nothing but outer space atoms. Renato did that on purpose to disguise all the obvious clues of the kidnapped child. Now, there are two more missing persons. We have the right and the authority to inspect the North Pole warehouse for a second time. No one will stop us.”
He frowned. “Okay, I agree. There are three missing persons on Pluto for some strange reason. And we have the authority to inspect any place on Pluto as a pair of outlaws, the outer space law enforcement officer of the galaxy. But how is it possible for us to go back to the warehouse without dying or rolling off into outer space to suffocate and die? Pluto does not own a fleet of star ships for a nice and warm rescue of my drowning cold body.”
Eartha giggled. “Is the Water Boy afraid?”
Leer tilts back his space helmet looking up to see the blackness of outer space and the twinkling bright stars, still holding the upper railing for body safety. He huffs with dread. He stated, “Space is not friendly to man or me. I wanna live and see my bedroom pillow, tomorrow.”
“Me, too!” Eartha exhaled with a puff of annoyance.
He flexes his gloved hand over the trolley bar and as his mind and body experience nervousness. Leer stated, “The river is moving like about 02.50 miles-per-hour or less. This river boat trip is going to take hours or days or years or decades or centuries.”
She frowned. “No, it won’t. We are on our way. This River of Lava will truck us back up to the northern polar axis…”
“…at the rate of my dying great-grandmother.” He laughed. “What’s the plan once we invade the warehouse, without guns or badges or guts?”
She frowned. “That’s a nasty mean statement about your great-grandmother, Leer.”
He exhaled. “My great-grandmother is dead. And a dead body doesn’t decay in outer space, because the space pirates collect the dead body for some weird-ass reason. I meant to say that the eleventh band is sailing really slow like a dying great-grandmother. Laugh at something. Enjoy life even here on boring Pluto, Eartha!”
She narrows her two eyelashes studying the River of Lava on the eleventh band, the rows of hourglass houses on the twelfth band and the rapid lava on the tenth band. Eartha stated, “I know that. I can feel the sluggish shift of the trolley, going side to side on the slow sailing slab too at a slow pace. Back to my plan, I have a good plan. I need to really look and inspect every single manifest. A manifest is the arrival and the departure of all and every coming and going space ship and the dropped off and picked up shipments…”
“I know what a manifest is, Eartha.”
“I need to see all the previous dropped off and picked up shipments from every space freighter for the past…past…”
He smiled. “That’s easy.”
“For the past two months, that was when Doil and her daughter arrived here on Pluto.” She stated. “No! It’s not easy. I have three stages. First, I need to inspect the manifest of each shipment for a missing clue to the missing persons. Second, I need a new space suit exchange from our beetle ship. I can’t continue to fly around with no set of working arms. Third, I need a recording of the entire outside warehouse floor and all the bobbing up and down inventory concrete boxes, which is part of the hidden clue too.”
“Okay, I can…”
She snapped with frustration. “What can you do, Leer? You don’t know what to look for within the manifest shipments, since I must leave the warehouse office to access the beetle ship for a new space suit. I can’t be in two places at once. It would look highly suspicious if I left the warehouse and then returned to the warehouse and then inspected the manifests, since there are two Outlaws.”
He frowned. “Yeah, I agree. There are two Outlaws. So, tell me this! What am I to look for inside each manifest? I can do that.”
She exhaled. “Actually, I don’t really know, either. But if I can read through the manifests, then I can see it and recognize it.”
He exhaled. “You’re not making any Earth sense, Eartha.”
“I am making good Earth sense. The physicians and the hospital staff are swearing that the three persons left the hospital alive and well with a guardian. Arrogant Taradiddle saves the life of all people on Pluto with a brain tumor and does not take them. He is the father of the brain tumor. Therefore, both the physicians and the hospital staff are not the criminals here. So, that leaves only Doil of the murder.”
He gasped. “You suspect the biological mother of murdering her own child and the other missing child and the other missing adult of the missing child.”
“No, I have another working theory about the three missing people. So, listen! I was shocked that the hospital staff verified each patient number. And then they confirmed a successful medical operation and then all patient numbers were sent home alive and well. I was shocked when Mummery described the first child in perfect vivid colorful imagery that matched the hologram on my palmer.” She exhales with frustration. Eartha said. “So, I feel that the two surgeons, the solo hospital staffer, and the two mothers are cleared. So, there must be another criminal here.”
“Who?”
“I think a peek into all the previous star freighter manifests will tell us that answer, once we read all of them, going back two months ago.”
He said. “This is not easy.”
“Correct. And I can’t be in two places at once. So, the new plan, you review all the manifests while I examine the warehouse inventory as I fly up to the Beetle ship. Then it’ll look like we are simply gathering information and not snooping.”
“But we were invited here to snoop by Doil and Renato.”
“When you do not ask questions, since you do not know what questions to ask, then you are snooping.”
He repeated, “This is not easy. I can’t reach my hair roots. My head itches inside the heated space helmet. Hey! Have you noticed that your skull hair has grown since being here?” Leer wiggles his space helmet side to side trying to scratch the long strawberry blonde locks of hair on top of his shoulders, presenting a sour frown.
She turns to study the row of pretty hour-glass shaped houses, the twinkling stars, and the River of Lava and then laughs. Eartha said, “Yeah! My cropped blonde hair has grown at a tremendous rate. The ends of my hair strands touch my waistline now. That’s about two feet in how every many hours here on Pluto during the morning or the afternoon or whenever.”
“My light blonde cropped hair has turned into a strawberry blonde color and it is touching my shoulders now. That was fast. We’ve been here for a day. Why’s that?”
“We’ve been here interviewing zombies and traveling in space suits for couple of Pluto hours. The weird-o physics of Pluto, I would guess it is the heated lava that invades the house floor and is trapped inside our outlaw issued space suits. We are steamy and hot all the time. Heat will stimulate the hair follicles, making them grow and extend down from and over the skull bone.”
“I can’t wait to get back home to the Pond and cut off all my long locks.” He frowned.
She frowned. “This is very confusing.”
He laughed. “No, I wanna cut my long locks from the bone skull of my hard head. Then I will possess a cropped cut again.”
“No! The river is flowing too slowly at about one mile per hour.”
“I told you that at the rate of a dying great-grandmother.”
“No! There is something right here. As we sail in a western direction away from the solar sun and based on a set of standard Earth geographical directions, each house number is increasing in math numbers. I see 1328, 1329, 1330. We are moving away from the house number 1313, Mrs Doil. We should be moving in the opposite direction of west, watching the house numbers decrease.”
Leer shouted, “No! The thirteenth band is a River of Lava that also rotates around the planet too with the crazy planetary physics. We are going in the right direction which is westward based on a table of standard Earth geographical directions, Eartha.”
She turns and scans the ninth band. Earths said, “If you look over on the ninth band, there aren’t any more buildings. The first building was built on the ninth band, which is behind us now. So, we’re going in the direction of west. But we came down from the tenth band on our first journey from the Northern Polar Axis, flying down in the eastern geographical direction like moving toward the solar sun. So, we should fly in the opposite direction which is west and then the trolley will turn back up to the north. Do you remember the tenth band is 55 feet wide on that wild-ass ride? This western ride is nice and steady and about five feet wide. The tenth band travel distance is of 2,635 miles at 60,000 miles-per-hour and arrives on the tenth band in 4.39 seconds, right in front of Hotel 901.”
Leer frowned. “I do not wanna repeat those fantastic stats ever again. We are going to the west which will take up back up the North Pole. Remember, Renato said that the other direction which is east on the tenth band goes down to the southern polar axis, where nothing lives, and something dies. I don’t wanna die.”
Eartha shouted, “Zing it! Something’s right! The eleventh band wide is only eight feet wide here, moving about one mile-per-minute. We’re going in the wrong direction, Leer.” She tries to jerk the space arm on the damaged crooked elbow forgetting about the damaged space suit and then wiggles her naked arm out of the slot and into her space helmet near her face. Her fingernail points at the ninth band. “Do you see another building on the ninth band? No, because Renato told us that the building 901, the hotel, was the first building of the original settlers here. I can’t see a second white concrete building with my very good eyesight in the far, far distance on the ninth band. That would make sense, since there was nothing on the tenth band coming down from the warehouse either.”
She drops her hand, reaching out and touches the palmer, wiggling it from the pocket slot. She brings it to her face, tapping on the screen. “I have seen pictures of these particular star patterns from Doil’s data dump. Doil recorded thousands of still pics and hundreds of recording of her and her little girl and her friend Gladkit and Gladkit’s kid too. I am accessing all the data from Doil on my personal palmer. Before my nice hour long catnap and a tummy of good food, I was thinking that maybe Doil had accidentally angered a native plutonian as she snapped hundreds of illegal pics of the same hour-glass house during her space walk with her daughter. Since she doesn’t work for a living and enjoys the pot of bits from her biological grandfather.”
“That is a very good explanation for a kidnapping, I concur.”
“But then I woke up.” She giggled. “I saw the refilled and replaced food platters and then I realized that we each had received a new fresh shipment of fruit inside our room, today, this Pluto morning or afternoon.”
“The first fruit and second fruit platters were good too.” He smiled.
She viewed the palmer. “Yeah, the fruit is very fresh. Very fresh means an import. An import means a starship. A starship means getting off the planet today or yesterday or a day ago.”
He gasped. “So, are you thinking something like this? The husband kidnapped Doil’s child for the gigantic pot of bits and carried his biological child with them. And the three fled from his new home and off the planet of Pluto by a star freighter. Yeah, that would be most logical space transportation from here with the lack of personal star ships here.”
“That’s a good working theory, I thought of that, too. So, we need to check all the manifests for arriving and departing people and shipments too. All planets must record the information. Here on Pluto, which exists at the end of the galaxy, if the star freighter captain doesn’t do that, he would lose his license and his life. The Outlaws don’t mess around with transportation of free slavery or un-documentation of smuggling people around the galaxy.”
Leer smiled, “Yeah! That’s Outlaw number twenty three.”
Eartha looks up and scans the landscape wearing a puzzled brow then depresses the gravity button, wobbling side to side over the rough floor of the trolley. She moved over the steady concrete slab. She shouted, “Zing it!”
Leer feels her shuffle from his space cuddle. He said with a gasp and a worried brow. “Don’t do that! Don’t get near the water or the steamy lava or the steamy liquid! I am not pulling you outta of the lava, if you fall down inside.” He frowns at her dangerous behavior.
She continues to move side to side over the slow moving slab, studying the landscape. Eartha stated, “Something’s wrong here.”
Leer scans the landscape on both sides of the River of Lava. He said with a confused frown. “A repeating nightmare, how can you tell first? And, what does that mean second?”
“I believe that we are sailing in the wrong way.”
“How would you know as an earthling? All the hour-glass houses are designed, with the same bright white concrete, hour-glass vacuum room, and the wiggling creepy gel inside the numbers over each house on the thirteenth band.”
“We’re going the wrong way and away from the building 901, the hotel.”
Leer stated, “We’re going in the right way, sailing to the west and then up to the northern polar axis.” He scans the landscape. “Renato said that all the even bands like the fast moving tenth band went in a clockwise direction, going eastern and then down to the south. All the odd bands twirl in a clockwise direction, going western and then up to the northern pole. We are fine, earthling.”
She wobbles side to side moving around the floor on her space feet, gasping in fear, turning to face Leer. Eartha yelled, “We’re on the eleventh band. We’ve traveled further away from the hotel 901 and Mrs. Doil of 1313. This river goes down west and then down to the Southern Polar Axis.” She looks down and taps on her palmer. “Look at this! I’m sending you the homemade space map from Doil on your palmer that shows all the navigation flows of each band.
He continues to wobble from the rough trolley ride and reaches down wiggling around the internal pocket for his palmer. The palmer releases from it nest and floats in the air waves. He captures and brings his palmer into his distorted face, reading the electronic map of Pluto. He said with a sour tone. “Yes, the eleventh band will lead us to the west and up to the Northern Polar Axis. Do you see and feel? We are going in the right direction which is west and then up to the North Pole, Eartha.” She frowns in silence at the homemade space map of Pluto. He looks down and pings the screen.
Leer gasps in alarm. He stated. “Eartha, when I enlarge the bands on the palmer screen...” He looked up with a worried brow to see Northern Polar Axis. “If you really wanna travel up to the North Pole, then you are riding on the wrong band. We are currently on the eleventh band that goes the wrong direction…”
“No!” Eartha yelled. She spins around and faces Leer. “Yeah, I agree. I see that, too. All the odd bands go west and then down to the Southern Polar Axis of coldness and death. We gotta get off of this trolley kart.”
He spins around and points at the thirteenth band, appearing on his left-side. He ordered, “We fly off this trolley from the eleventh band, moving over the twelfth band and land at one a concrete slab at one of the hourglass houses…”
“No.” Eartha yelled. Her eyelashes dart to the tenth band as she points at the object. “No! We jump onto the approaching trolley…”
He stares at the row of houses on the thirteenth band. He yelled. “Naw! The new trolley rests on top of that wild-ass tenth band of crazy lava flowing wild-ass water. We lift and fly to the one of the houses for our safety and well-being.”
She wobbles side to side, swinging around, moving back to Leer and stands in front of his chest. Earth ordered, “Onto the approaching trolley…”
“No!” Leer shouted back. “We wait right here on the smooth sailing eleventh band trolley for another smooth sailing trolley to sail across on the twelfth band. The twelfth band is smooth and calm. No. Then we fly to one of the hourglass homes and ask for help…”
“No, they know us. No, they want help us. No, we don’t possess the funny glittering suits. No, we’re moving swifter over the eleventh band on the river of lava. That means the river is gearing up and veering down into the western curvature of the planet, where the winds and the waves are wild and free. Can you feel it? I can feel again. We’ll die soaring down into the southern polar axis without aid.”
Leer jabs his finger at the thirteenth band. He ordered. “We fly over there one of the houses.”
She watches the trolley on the tenth band. Eartha said, “No! The heated steam gets too thick over the river. The gears will melt or slip from the heat. Then we…I could drop and die inside the river.”
“No!”
“Go!” Eartha yelled. She shoves both her crooked elbows onto Leer then presses the thruster button forward inside her space suit, slamming into each other. They both quickly fly over the exposed portion of the eleventh band. She releases the thruster button as she falls with Leer directly on top of the rough concrete floor, of a new trolley, on the tenth band.


Trolley Ride
Tenth Band, River of Lava
108:41 hours/minutes


The trolley kart sails wildly over the swift moving lava dashing side to side and almost daring to tip upside into the River of Lava.
Leer hits first and then bounces up and down over the concrete on a back spine, helplessly skidding and spinning around the rough concrete from the chest impact of Eartha. He growls in fury and then screams in panic. He slams the thruster button forward as the rear end of his space suit halts in mid-air with a jolt and then lies a few inches from the frontal edge of the trolley slab, without falling over and down into the River of Lava and the heated steam.
The river moves in a series of violent waves licking over the edge of the floor concrete, wobbling the slab up, down, and sideways inside a torrent raging sea of pretty lava particles of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow.
Leer presses the gravity button dropping down and then stops with a jolt, biting his tongue, feeling the hot blood inside his mouth.
Eartha presses the gravity button clamping down both her space boots on top of the rough concrete floor, standing in an upright pose, facing the eastern geographical direction on the tenth band, but she still does not see the top of hotel building as both of her legs inside her space suit whines and strains side to side from a vicious wobbling trolley floor. She screams as the wild waves and the wilder winds whip around her space suit, buzzing the gravity gears on the bottom of her foot pads with a sound of whines and groans. She yelled, “We…we ride this thing to the clam water about…”
“Eartha…”
“We ride for a little bit…”
“Eartha…”
The trolley kart speeds faster through outer space environment as the forward galactic wind shear force pounds on her face mask, making both her leg gears scream in metal pain. She is afraid the speed of the trolley plus the violent impact of the wind will slice her metal space suit in half, within her precious human body. Eartha depresses the gravity button falling backward over the rough concrete floor and away from the sets of fierce wind shear force, flowing over the tenth band. Then the concrete floor moves faster, if that is scientifically possible as a newly formed rear galactic wind shear force slams into her space helmet and her collar bones, within her space suit, rapidly moving Eartha forward. She screamed through the transmitter of the space helmet. “Look at me!” Then both her space feet slams into the top of his space helmet.
The gravity gears hiss and scream in metal pain from the violent impact of Eartha’s space boots on his chest cavity and as his space suit hold in place riding over the rough concrete floor but not for long. The throng of metal pain sounds are deafening into his eardrums. His space suit is squeaking in pain at the latch lock holding the space suit together, keeping out the deadly outer space molecules, where the outer space air will kill Leer within 0.003 seconds.
Leer sees nothing but white concrete. He reaches out and grabs both her legs wrapping both his arms around Eartha and then crosses locking both of his arms in place with the gear latches. He wiggles out his free hand from the arm slot, depressing the gravity button. They both gently float upwards from the wobbling concrete trolley floor, swiftly drifting in outer space as a new rear galactic wind shear force slams into her space suit, hitting her collar bone. Eartha grunts in pain.
Then they both fly away from the rolling trolley and soar through the air, pin-wheeling and then twirling sideways through outer space and above the River of Lava, on the tenth band. She screams from fear.
Leer grunts with fury, reaching down and presses the thruster button backward, jolting them in mid-air in place for a split second as the gears become confused with the computer command and then activates the gravity button. Then they fall down towards the River of Lava, on the tenth band, again. He depresses the gravity button. They jolt to a halt and stop in mid-air, again, slowly drifting up into the outer space environment while moving away from the River of Lava.
She exhaled with a whisper. “Good show!”
A forward galactic wind shear hits the connected couple, spinning them into a pin-wheel motion again and over the tenth band.
Leer slams the thruster button forward moving away from the galactic wind shear as a new rear wind shear spins them toward the ninth band. Leer sails through the air and slams the gravity button as the rear of his space suit barely taps into a solid object. They both swiftly fall down landing on top of a new concrete slab.
Leer exhales with relieve. He whispered. “That was too scary. I wanna go home, now, mommy.”
“Ugh!” She stated. Eartha closes then opens both of her eyelashes, after the rough impact, feeling a head of dizziness. “I’m feeling heat on the side of my suit. That’s strange!”
Leer exhales and then inhales deep breathes, calming his racing heart. He said, “That was too close. We landed down and settled on top of a concrete slab sideways. I’m behind your ass. You’re facing the tenth band of the River of Lava. And I feel the heat too along the side of my suit. We gotta stand and hover over the concrete slab. This slab is extremely large with a series of gathered hotness and heat. Move forward. I want up too, before my rib cage burns.” He reaches down and unlocks the crossed space arms around her legs.
She asked, “How are we going to get back to the hotel? Where are we now?” Eartha is free from upside-down hug then presses the thruster button forward, drifting away from his body, twirling the space suit upright to face a large structure. She said a puzzled brow and a steady tone. “We are at Building 999 in white concrete with the creepy and pretty wiggling numbers here too. We have traveled a few hundred miles from the hotel. What’s the building?”
Leer depresses the gravity button floating up from heated concrete, twisting upright also, standing in front of a glass door. He said with a sour frown and a sissy whine. “I don’t know. I don’t care. How are we getting back to the hotel, Eartha? No, forget that question or command or request. We stay here, now.”
She turns with a worried brow to see the River of Lava and the top of the hotel on the ninth band, gasping in shock. Eartha stated, “We’re too far away from the hotel, so we fly back over…”
“…a steamy heat of a river,” he objected. “That’s major trouble in a space suit. The heat will affect all the gears. The gears control flight. The flight won’t make it. The Outlaw space suit is designed for surviving inside a crashed Beetle ship or moving a dead body into outer space. This is too dangerous. We call for another Beetle to drop a life-line down to us on top of a slab and drag us from the planet when we are ready to leave.” He exhales with frustration. “I’m ready now.”
She exhales with worry. Eartha answered. “No! I’m not. We’re here and close to solving this Outlaw case.”
He looks through the glass door and presents a sour frown, seeing nothing important for a rescue. Leer asked, “How so, Eartha?”
She twirls around and studies the new building. Eartha smiled, “What’s the building? It’s a building. There must be a set of plutonians workers inside. Zing it! Go and get inside through the vacuum chamber. I’ll ping Doil on my palmer for her to assist us.”
He hovers in the air and blocks the glass door on the vacuum chamber on Building 999. He stated with a sour frown and a matching tone to Eartha. “First, that’ll take hours even on the same planet and down the road from her cute hourglass house. Second, she can’t do nothing to help us. She doesn’t have a big or a small star ship. We can’t fly over the heated steam with a set of mechanical equipment, either. It is too dangerous. So, we go inside and beg for some help and wait for Renato.” Leer leans over and views the side of the new building. “I spy a set of closed archways along the side of this big-ass building. Each archway has a separate concrete slab too…”
“Zing it!” She shouted. “This is a distribution center for goods and merchandise. We figured out that the eleventh band sails around each back yard of the hourglass houses. The twelfth sails in the opposite direction in the back yard of the hourglass houses too. That doesn’t make any sense. But this is a River of Lava distribution system with a set of numerous sailing trolleys for holding cargo, such like, food tubs. So, we are rescued. Get inside the building through the vacuum chamber. There are workers inside there. We can hitch a trolley ride with them back to the hotel. Or maybe back up to the northern polar axis…”
“No, I’m senior Outlaw.” Leer told. “We go inside and then we go back home, after we figure out how to get back home.” He twirls around and touches the glass door as his heat signature registers on the door. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into the new building. He gasps with shock and then presses the thruster button forward flying inside a very large vacuum chamber room, hovering in mid-air.
Eartha presses the thruster button forward flying ahead, stops and scoots beside him hovering in mid-air. The door shuts behind a pair of back spines. The mechanics hiss and releases the outer space molecules, flooding the compartment with a room of breathable oxygen with a set of soft tings.


Ninth Band, Building 991
Vacuum chamber (outer space into lobby)
108:43 hours/minutes


The interior glass door of the vacuum chamber open in silence revealing a long, semi-dark hallway, without a sign of movement or a person.
Leer does not float out from the vacuum chamber looking down and surveys the inner gauges on his space suit. He said, “I spy and register breathable air inside the new building. You can remove the face mask, if you dare? Since you get us into trouble, I double dare for you to remove your face mask and test the air molecules, Eartha, because I will not. And I don’t wanna die.”
“Fine!” Eartha frowned. She reaches up with her free hand, slamming open her face mask on her space helmet, taking in a small gulp of air, exhaling with a smile and a nod. She stated, “Hello! Is anyone in here? Well, I can talk and breathe at the same time, so the air is for the human race. We should suck up the oxygen molecules and replenish our sucker valves in here, and right now, too.”
She wiggles her arm out from the wide neckline on her space suit, leaning over and slaps the compartment at the back spine on Leer, with her naked hand. The sucker compartment slowly falls open absorbing a set of new oxygen molecules.
“Yeah!” Leer stated. He leans over and slams her back spine as her sucker compartment slowly falls open sucking up all the free oxygen molecules for more air inside the space suit. He presses the thruster button forward flying inside a wide hallway of white colored concrete. He shouted for fun with a sissy whine, inside the enclosed space helmet, just to annoy Eartha. “Ah! Come and help me! I want off Pluto, right now, please. Hey someone! Come and help me, please.”
She wears a sour frown and presses the thruster button forward slowly flying and scans the new hallway. Eartha laughed. “Please, continue to shout like a little girl, Leer. Hello! Is anyone in here? This place is really weird. It is made of two solid walls on each side, without a set of windows. I don’t see a single side entrance door into the guts of the building.”
He flies side to side to each wall slamming it with his space glove. He is not undressing out of his space suit, in case, an invisible germ or a nasty infectious bacterium resides inside the old building. Leer said, “And it is a solid wall over here too. No door over here. A solid wall over here. No door over here…”
“Hello!” Eartha shouted through an open face mask. “Is anyone in here?” She flies down the same hallway, slowly following behind Leer, wearing a puzzled brow.
He slowly floats down the long hallway. Leer said with a worried brow. “I see the same thing. Well, I don’t think the workers can hear us through a solid wall even with perfect hearing, unless all the plutonians are supernatural beings in disguise or disgust or digest my human parts.” He laughs.
She flies sideways and touches the wall. Eartha said. “The wall is solid without a door or a window. What is this place?” She presses the gravity button lowering down a few inches from the floor, not decorated in the pretty, lava-covered, glittering gel particles. She set the hover mode on her space suit and reaches down into the arm slot for her personal palmer. She lifts the palmer to her face studying the information. Eartha screamed, “Stop moving ahead of me, Leer! I need to study the space map from Doil to figure out our next step of rescue and recovery.”
“You hang around over there near the front vacuum chamber. I’m going to examine the rest of the long and semi-dark hallway of nothing but cold breathable air. I don’t think this building has a rear vacuum chamber, since it is only outer space behind this tall structure.” Leer stated. He floats down the rest of the unknown hallway. The hallway is extremely narrow, long, and dark when it is compared the cheery, bright vacuum room inside each residential hour-glass shaped house. He stops and hovers in place, reaching out and rests his space glove on the cold wall. “Rough concrete, this is not the pretty lava-coated glittering gel walls like the other residential homes.”
“I am reviewing all the space maps from Doil. The tenth band rotates in a clockwise direction, moving in an easterly direction, going down to the Southern Polar Axis, where Renato said that nothing lives down south.” She said. Eartha looks up with a sour frown and views the back spine on Leer, in the far distance. “Medical physician and operating surgeon Purry Mummery said the same thing. Hmm! Why would both of them repeat that to us?”
Leer continued to fly through the air traveling side to side to each wall, touching it. He said with a sour frown. “Pluto is zero gravity and zero air. They didn’t wanna war between Neptune and Pluto, if we die by accident or stupidity. Stupidity always causes trouble for the other guy or the other side or the other administrators. Futch was be really pissed, if we died here on Pluto, because he must start an intergalactic war. Darsha would support a war. She is full battle Outlaw material.”
She places her naked finger pad on the screen following the tiny river. Eartha said, “Yeah, you’re right, Leer. I am watching a new video by the missing husband. It shows that the tenth band rotates in an eastern direction and goes completely around and around the planet missing the other bands, falling down below the nineteenth band. Why would the river do that? How would the river do that? This is some strange physics on Pluto.”
He presses the thruster button sideways, gently slamming into the wall with his space glove, ricocheting sideways into the opposite wall down the hallway. He wants to touch the wall for tactile contact to find a hidden door or a flush palmer speaker among the semi-darkness of the space. Leer stated, “One, it is the mysterious and pretty ice cold Pluto. Two, when you peel an apple skin, it is still whole and connected but it spreads out into a spiral curse…”
“Spiral curve,” She smiled.
He exhaled. “Yeah, the tenth band is a curse on my soul. I have to ride it again to get back into the beetle. No, we go back home via an S.O.S. signal to Darsha. She will come. I promise. She will send us another ship. I guarantee it to save her bestest Outlaw team.”
“Thanks, Leer!” Eartha smiled. She continued to hover in the air and studies her palmer following the tiny river with her fingernail on the screen. “I see additional rivers, more individual Rivers of Lava, on the homemade space map. The eleventh band flows in a western direction but it does not go down to the Southern Polar Axis of Pluto. It goes around and around the fat belly of the planet.”
He halts his adventure and hovers in the air currents gently tapping on the chest. He said with a sour frown. “Right toe! The air filter that usually filters out the smelly bad air currents and the disgusting bad odors inside my space suit is filled with damage circuits. I smell an earthy odor inside this concrete building for some reason. Normally, I don’t smell anything but warm cookies.” He laughs.
“Normally, you inhale a sample of each food platter inside each home of the visiting plutonian.” She laughed. Earth continued to hover in the air and studies her palmer. “The twelfth band, also, goes around and around the planet in an eastern direction to, but it does not travel down to the Southern Polar Axis either. So far, the even numbered bands are flowing in an eastern direction. That confirms what Renato told us too.”
He frowned. “Mrs. Doil has not offered us a food table.”
“Zing it! Mrs. Doil is worried about her missing child. I would be too, if I had a cute little girl like her. The thirteenth band slowly flows in a western direction around and around the planet without going down to the Southern or the Northern Polar Axis. So far, all the odd numbered bands are flowing in a westerly direction.”
He touches his face mask on his space helmet with his space glove, without lifting up the mask. Leer stated, “I still sniff and smell an earthly scent which ain’t humanly possible, since there is not one pinch of dirt or earth or ground soil to be found on the floor or the wall or the ceiling inside here accounting for an earthly odor. That’s so strange.”
She frowned. “This is Pluto. But I smell a tart odor too, floating around the invisible air waves of this particular building hallway.” She hovered in the air and studied the palmer following the tiny river with her finger on the palmer screen. “The fourteenth band flows in an eastern direction around and around the planet, but it does not travel down to the southern polar axis. This is very strange.”
“Musty.”
She frowned. “Acidic.”
“Bitter…”
She smiled. “This is a much better way. Listen to this! The fifteenth band flows in a westerly direction like the other odd numbered bands, going around and around the planet too, but it does not travel down to the southern polar axis either.”
“Renato told us that all the even number pretty bands of lava flow in an eastern direction toward the non-seeing solar sun and then they all travel down to the Southern Polar Axis, where there is no life, only death. You need to fly down here and help me. We’re trapped inside this solid building of solid walls. We will run outta of air and die.”
“Our sucker valves are sucking up the air molecules, filling up the sucker compartment inside our space suits. So, we will run outta of water in seven days and then die. You need to adjust the death scene to reality, Leer.” She laughed. “The sixteenth band flows in an easterly direction, going around and around the planet but not down to the southern polar axis. I can see that the ancient earthlings were very smart to build on the slow moving river of lava that didn’t go anywhere. I guess this was equivalent to a plot of non-moving land on Earth.”
He starts to float down the hallway looking at each side wall. He said with a sour frown. “Yeah, I’m right. We transit an S.O.S. to Darsha and surrender now. We can’t find the lost kid or the other lost kid or the other lost adult. We have three lost persons. We’re over our heads here, Eartha. I’m a simple Outlaw protecting the steamy clam crystal clear waters of the Pond on Neptune. Why didn’t you admit it, too, Eartha! You are clueless too.”
“No! We just need to find the right clue that will open up the investigation and solve the three cases of missing three persons. Once I find the right clue, I can prove it. The seventeenth band goes around and around the planet in an eastern direction, but it does not travel down to the Southern Polar Axis either. So far, all the odd numbered bands flow in an eastern direction like Renato told. However, these particular bands do not travel down to the southern polar axis like Renato told. Why would he fib a lie to us? We are the outlaws of the galaxy. We could arrest his ass for lying to us.”
“No, we can’t! Renato did not lie. He just didn’t explain all the facts of the bands. But he specifically told to learn the trolley system on the bands to find the eye witnesses and the missing child. So, he was correct to warn us that some of the odd numbered bands lead down toward the southern polar axis, where death lives. And I accept that general statement. What’s the new plan of getting outta of here, Eartha?”
“The one, I’m making up. So, listen here! The eighteenth band slowly flows in an eastern direction around and around the planet without going down to the Southern or the Northern Polar Axis.”
He smirked. “You just wanna go to Jupiter for three free and paid days of vacation on Darsha.”
She smirked, “And that, too! So, listen! The nineteenth band is an odd number. It goes around and around the planet in a westerly direction too like the other similar odd number bands. However, it doesn’t go down to the Southern Polar Axis.”
“What about the twentieth band?”
She taps on the palmer and wears a confused brow. Eartha said into the transmitter to Leer. “The husband of Gladkit didn’t travel to or over or around the twentieth band. His video ends at the nineteenth band.”
“Is he still alive in the video on the nineteenth band?”
“Yes, he is recording his wife and his daughter on a day of exploring their new home of Pluto. Zing it. This is so odd and strange. I’m getting confused here. It seems like all the odd bands flow in an eastern direction but the even number bands flow in a western direction. However, each band seems to come and go in a different geographical direction as it pleases without a scientific explanation. We should ask Renato about this weird phenomenon.”
Leer ordered, “No! We should call Darsha for help.” He slowly floats down the long hallway over the solid concrete floor wanting to leave Pluto immediately. He is not finding a hidden door or a flush palmer devise inside the wall. So, they are stuck here in the building, on Planet Pluto, until a palmer signal can reach Darsha for an emergency rescue of a failed Outlaw assignment. Or one of the plutonian workers inside the building goes on a food break or heads home for the day or the night on Pluto, coming through the vacuum chamber for some reason.”
She follows the next River of Lava and then gasps on the homemade map from Doil. She removes her hand depressing the gravity button and then presses thruster button forward, flying with great speed down through the hallway in silence, passing a slow-moving Leer. 
Leer sees a flash of white and then gasps in shock flying with great speed down the rest of the hallway, following behind Eartha.
She slams into the glass wall without shattering or breaking the glass minerals. Eartha shouted out loud and viewed the object, “This is the eighth band…”
He slams into the glass wall also and gasps in puzzlement, hovering beside her. He smiled, “This is the eighth band. I see a few sailing trolleys on this band too. On top of the slab of concrete, there are one or two concrete boxes. Why are there trolleys here? Where is the eighth band moving? What is going on here?”
She smiled, “Renato told us to learn the trolley system, but he didn’t provide us any more information. So, we’re learning. This is the eighth band.”
He touches the wall with both of his space gloves and then gasps in alarm. He stated. “Eartha, this is a glass wall, solid. This is not a vacuum chamber at the end of the hallway, like the other residential or business buildings. Why is that? This building is very strange.”
She looks down and reviews the homemade map from Doil. Eartha stated, “This is a distribution center building for all the imported cargo tubs in which is distributed to all the different plutonian households on the thirteenth band and the sixteenth band of businesses. I told you that before, Leer.” Leer pounds on the glass. Eartha sneered. “Don’t break the glass wall, Leer! This is our only breathable atmosphere available, until we find us some help and get outta of here.”
He presses the button releasing the face mask. The face mask pops up and floats in the air attached to the tether line as the gravity button inside the space triggers the activity, so the face mask does not become damaged. If the face mask ever becomes damaged, the outer spacer will die from exposure to the outer space molecules or other non-breathable atmosphere. Leer bangs his cheekbone against the cold glass and then sounds with a gasp. He explained, “As I bend my nose into the cold glass, I see something else along the side of the building. It looks like a set of concrete slabs, bobbing up and down over the River of Lava on the eighth band.” He smiled. “In front of each slab, there is a great big opening. We’re saved. Right toe! I see a great big wide door entrance way. Let’s go and get rescued.”
She looks up and touches the glass. Eartha exclaimed, “We can’t. We can. I mean there isn’t a vacuum chamber down here on the end of the hallway to exit onto the eighth band like the other buildings. I wonder why.”
He scratches the wet sweat from his sweaty face upwards into his wet hair line while laughing with a grin. Leer explained, “To keep the natives from the eighth band, I don’t wanna be this far from my home on the thirteenth band.” He reaches out and drags the face mask from the air, locking the plate in place. He smiles with a grin pressing the thruster button backwards, flying backwards down the hallway towards the vacuum chamber on the other end of the building. He yelled to Eartha. “Let’s go and get help! We go back and out through the only vacuum chamber for us, since we don’t have a key to get into the closed doors on the side of the building. Then we fly…”
“Where do we fly to? You want to fly up and above this building. This building is massive in size.” Eartha exclaimed. She whirls around and see the smiling face on Leer.
He continues to fly backwards down the hallway and waves with his free hand. Leer explained. “Naw! We will go out the vacuum chamber door and fly around the side of the wall and over the River of Lava. Come on and get moving, Eartha! I wanna get off this planet, today.”
She presses the thruster button forward flying down the same, empty hallway, following his smile. Eartha explained, “Renato and Doil told us not to fly between the buildings and over the River of Lava. It was too dangerous.”
“There are not any other buildings next to this one. The shorter flight path will be along the side of the building. Then we hop onto one of the sailing trolleys traveling down the calm waves of the eighth band, flying off the same kart and land inside the opening and call for help. One of the workers will contact Renato. Then we can all go back home. The end!”
“We need to solve the Outlaw case. We were selected and assigned to solve the Outlaw case. And we must travel up to the Northern Polar Axis to retrieve the Beetle.”
“Naw!” Leer stated. He stops flying spinning around and hovers in front of the glass door on the vacuum chamber. “Close up my sucker valve, please. We follow my new plan. We fly out of the vacuum chamber and around the side of the building, over the trolley floor, and jump from the kart into the opening of the building. Then we send a signal over the palmer to Darsha on Neptune. She will come and collect us. I promise. Get dressed for our spacewalk please.”
Eartha slows her speed and halts in place hovering in mid-air next to Leer, checking on the monitors within the space suit for spacewalk readiness. She snaps the face mask inside her space helmet then performs the last action. She wiggles her arm out from the neckline of her damaged space suit, and leans over, slamming the compartment shut with her naked hand, bouncing upright again.
Leer is dressed then leans over slamming her sucker valve with his space glove in silence.
The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens inside Building 991.
Leer stands upright and presses the thruster button forward flying inside a very large vacuum chamber room, hovering in mid-air for a second time.
Eartha presses the thruster button forward, flying inside and scoots beside him, hovering in mid-air.
The door shuts behind a pair of back spines. The mechanics hiss and then releases out the breathable oxygen with a sound of soft tings flooding the outer space molecules. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space.


Spacewalk
Ninth Band, Building 991
109:09 hours/minutes


Eartha and Leer exit into outer space hovering in front of the glass door. Each face wears a puzzled brow. The pretty River of Lava looks like the other River of Lava with a set of rolling trolley karts also.
Leer presses the thruster button forward slowly swinging and flies down the side of the building, turning the wall corner. A wall of invisible strong air currents shoves his space suit inside the building wall. He shouted, “Right toe! That was sorta fun and kinda scary.” He sidesteps through an air-walk back in the front of the building. “I understand why you don’t fly between the buildings. There is an invisible stream of a tiny galactic wind shear, coming down from the Northern Polar Axis. We must be too close to the North Pole feeling some of the nasty weather patterns. So, we’re going to have to drop the thruster button down to the maximum setting for a quick speedy trip along the side of the building to reach one of the sailing trolleys. Then we sail over the eighth band and jump off and call home for help.” He sailed forward with a stern face.
She slams into his back spine. Eartha screamed in panic, “Leer!”
“What!” He shouted back. Leer halts at the edge of the building, not feeling the movement of Eartha behind his ass.
She hovers in place behind his ass. Eartha stated. “I forget to tell you something.”
“What is it?” He asked. Leer slowly lifts up then reaches out with his space glove as his glove feels the tiny wind shear of air, coming around Building 991.
“I really need to tell you something.”
“Hold it!” He laughed.
“It isn’t that.”
“What is it then?”
“My space suit has been flashing indicators lights on and off…”
He spins around and gasps in worry staring at Eartha. Leer whispered, “How long?”
“Since we left the hotel and then crashed landed on top of the wild trolley ride on the tenth band. I guess the last body cast collision has damaged something internal inside my space suit. I really need a new one, now.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that my space suit must lose something like air or flight.”
He gasps in worry. Leer ordered. “You stay here inside the solid walls of the hallway with tons of air molecules. I’ll venture around the side of the building, flying over the River of Lava and get into the opening. There might be an office with air too for you. Then I come outside into the outer space and signal Darsha. A palmer signal will work much faster through the naked outer space waves than inside the building.”
“Please don’t!”
He said. “You need oxygen to survive and too live or you will die. I don’t know how long we will be here for a couple of hours or maybe a couple of days until the signal to reach Darsha. Renato doesn’t care about us, Outlaws. Doil doesn’t care about us, Outlaw, either. She wants her child back.”
She said. “We need to find the three missing people of Pluto. This is our…my Outlaw assignment. If you call Darsha, then she will fire me on a wet spot over the Pond before I even reach the door-less Outlaw office. She watches me. She hates me. She wants me gone from the Great Dark Spot on Neptune. I am an earthling. I am not a Neptunian.”
“I know that to be so. What do you wanna do about it? Your life is important too.”
She smiled. “My job as an Outlaw is important, three. I found on the homemade map of Doil that the eighth band for some weird reason flows to the west and then rides up to the Northern Polar Axis. I can ride on the trolley kart, which is going up to the Northern Polar Axis anyways, and then retrieve a new space suit. Actually, the answer to solving the missing people is there inside the warehouse office.”
He exhales with worry. Leer stated. “I can’t let you do that alone.” He looks down and views her two bent arms. The position of the two bent elbows is permanently damaged and prevents movement with the two space arms. So, she can slip out and fall off the trolley kart into the River of Lava and then die without his assistance. He looks up and stares into her face. He stated with a stern face and a serious tone to her sad eyeballs. “You still believe in your working theory that the husband of Gladkit took off inside a star freighter with the two kids from Pluto after the operation, a one or so ago. And he is waiting for Doil to leave the planet too and come back to Jupiter while dumping his wife on cold and dark Pluto.”
“Yes, I feel that is the true and correct answer within my heart, my bones, and my mind.”
“I do believe that you. Right toe. You’re not the only one being watched by Darsha. She is like that. She wants to make her Outlaw team the best in the galaxy. However, the Great Dark Spot is a hole without any criminals of crime or a set of bad villains here. We will prove her wrong about our Outlaw team. I feel that she sent both of us here to test our Outlaw skills too. So, we both will travel up the trolley kart over the eighth band. Then we invade the warehouse and find the specific manifest where the husband left the planet with the kids. But if it was that easy to find and uncover, so why didn’t Renato do that from the start, before inviting us here?”
“I have pondered that singular question over and over inside my brain cells too, after arriving here. I don’t think Renato wants Doil and her daughter and Gladkit and her native Jupiter family to live here on Pluto. Since the year 2053, there has never been a visitor or a new family unit to stay and live here on Pluto. I really think he wants her to leave. This is a perfect excuse. If the husband of Gladkit is proven to have kidnapped the children, then he will be a troublemaker and in the hands of the outlaw, us. Then Renato will ask that Doil and Gladkit to leave his planet for another one.”
“Where would Doil and Gladkit go to next?”
She smiled. “They could live on Mars or Earth.”
“Right toe. That’s not a very good place in the galaxy.”
“But it’s a viable planet that Doil and Gladkit could live and thrive on a pot of credits. Let’s go and see the warehouse and find that manifest. Once we find the manifest, then we can call Renato and show him the physical evidence like inside one of your detective police novels. Renato can confront Doil and Gladkit with the new physical evidence. Our Outlaw job is done. Then we can board our beetle and leave Pluto for the Pond. We have solved the Outlaw assignment making Darsha jealous or mad or happy.”
He nodded. “I’ll be happier, when we both leave out from here. Check your space suit systems!” He looks down to see a black panel, within his space suit, without a single bright indicator light of trouble. “What are you showing over the control panel inside your damaged space suit, right now?”
She looked down with a worried brow to see the single bright indicator light of trouble. “I have tons of oxygen to breathe. However, the thruster button is sorta blinking on and off…”
“That means that the thruster button has been slightly damaged. You should use it if you didn’t need too. I have a new plan, getting us up to the northern polar axis for the last time. Depress your gravity button and fly through outer space without using your thruster button. The more you use the button, the more damage it will cause inside your space suit.”
“I…I will float away from the building, the planet and you.”
He smiled. “Naw! You will fly and float through the air like magic in front of me. I will use my thruster button and my hands and shove your ass toward the trolley kart. Once we’re directly over the trolley floor, slam down the gravity button landing on top of the hard surface. Then we will ride the trolley kart up to the North Pole and do our outlaw thing. The finale fucking end.”
She whispered with a fake smile, “Okay. That sounds easy.”
“Ladies first!” He shouted. Leer floats backward from her and the building sounding with a chuckle.
Eartha does not use the thruster button to move forward, within her damaged space suit, floating side to side in place in front of the glass door of the building. She does not want to die. Even with a new outlaw issued space suit, the higher winds around Pluto can sweep and carry her away into the depths of outer space, much least a non-working one. She will survive with suffering pain for 0.006 seconds. Leer and the Beetle do not possess deep space retrieval gear, since the Outlaw mission is locating a missing child on the planet surface of cold and dark Pluto. She faked a smile. “I trust you, Leer.”
He smiled. “Good! Let’s go and do this!” Leer reaches out and gently shoves Eartha forward from him and towards the edge of the building. He presses the thruster button forward moving behind her back spine, reaching out and holds onto the collar bone of her space suit, slowly shoving her ahead and into the fierce northern winds.
The galactic winds coming down from the Northern Polar Axis slams into her space helmet and her bent and twisted elbows and arms as Eartha rams her shoulder into the side of the concrete building sounding with a grunt of surprise. She stated, “This is…”
“Quiet!” Leer ordered, “Don’t use up your oxygen tank. This is hard pushing maneuver for the both of us.” He presses the thruster button forward with his right hand, slowly shuffling side to side with his space glove covering his left hand as they both slowly fly ahead through the fierce winds towards the flowing River of Lava in the colors of tiny particles of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow. The river flows like the other rivers in the front and rear of the building.
Without the power of the thruster control gear, Eartha slaps the same right shoulder into the side of the building, grunting in pain. She ricochets back into the depths of empty outer space, screaming in panic as a helpless outer spacer.
Leer works his forearm of left-sided muscles on top of her collar bone, sliding and slipping her heavy space suit back and forth in front of his chest, grunting with huffs and puffs of manly strength. His right-hand presses the thruster button forward slowly moving them side to side through the tiny stream of galactic winds, coming from the North Pole. 
The calm waves of the pretty colored River of Lava appear in full view licking the edge of the rock foundation, twinkling in pink, red, blue, green, and yellow hues underneath a set of bright stars.
Leer slowly flies forward getting closer to the River of Lava, exhaling with a huff of exhaustion. He asked, “Do you see a trolley kart coming down the eighth band, yet?”
She turns with a worried brow and scans the River of Lava. Eartha stated, “No, not yet!” She turns and views the side wall on the tall, white-colored, concrete building. “I see the same series of openings on the side of the building that you found before. The openings are on both sides of the building, but the rear of the building shows the door opened. Should we venture down and get inside one of the openings for safety and wait on the trolley kart?”
“No! The galactic wind is too strong on this side of the massive building. I’m straining my thruster button too from the strength of the planetary wind. I guess this whole time we’ve been extremely lucky that this galactic wind was being deflected from each hourglass house and off our delicate space suits. I’m going to maneuver us in front of the solid glass wall…”
“No! The wind will slam us back and forth into the glass wall, beating up our space suits.”
“We have no choice. We must get away from the full stream of the northern wind current before it carries us into the wrong direction of south by standing along the side of the building. We might spot a worker or two, if we’re lucky. Then we can ask for some help. If not, we wait for a few minutes and then jump from the glass wall and land onto the next sailing trolley kart, going up to the North Pole.”
“Okay.”
Leer presses the thruster button forward hearing the whining noise of metal pain inside his space suit as his left-arm shoves Eartha toward the glass window, in front of the building. He halts in front of the glass door then gasps in worry.
She hovers in front of his chest and gasps with a worried brow. Eartha shouted, “There isn’t a slab of concrete to stand on here on Building 991.”
“Right toe!” Leer exclaimed. He hovers in mid-aid holding the collar bone on Eartha as the galactic winds shift both of them sideways in front of the glass wall. Leer turns with a growl to see the openings on the side of the building, without a worker present.
The trolley kart slowly sails over the River of Lava bobbing side to side over the eighth band. She turned with a smile and a shout to see the object. “Look over there! Look over there! Here comes a trolley kart! We should fly over there and land on top of it.”
He turns with a worried brow and views the rolling trolley kart in the far distance. Leer decided, “Naw! We wait as it moves closer. I will lift with my thruster button and fly us directly over the floor. Then you press down your gravity button and fall down first. I will wait and watch that you land and are safely on the floor.”
She smiled. “Thank you, Leer!”
“We’re partners, Outlaw Eartha.” He expressed. The trolley kart slowly rolls closer and presents two concrete boxes on top of the rough floor. Leer smiled, “Right toe! The trolley is almost close. I’m pressing the thruster button and lifting up to fly us toward the kart.” He presses the button lifting them upwards in the air, still holding onto her collar bone. Eartha drops falling at a lower level than Leer still flying ahead towards the sailing trolley kart. Leer encouraged, “We’re almost there.
“I’m slipping down from your hand gripe.” She shouted and gasped with panic.
“Hold on!”
“No! I’m slipping down further from your single hand gripe. I’m going to fall and land down into the River of Lava and then drown into death.”
“No! You’re not! I gotcha! We’re hovering over the floor of the trolley. Press down your gravity button.”
She presses the button. Eartha screams in fright sliding down from his hand gripe, falling down on her face mask and then rolls sideways on top of the trolley floor. She lands on her side. The pair of bent and twisted elbows touches the rear backside on a white-tinted concrete box as the trolley kart wobbles side to side in sync with the River of Lava. The two boxes are evenly spaced occupying both ends of the concrete floor balancing the trolley, without tipping the kart over and down into the River of Lava. Eartha settles behind the rear end of the front concrete box perfectly as the gravity button holds her damaged space suit on top of the floor.
Leer depresses the gravity button and bends his kneecaps falling downwards and then stumbles forward over the tip edge on the second concrete box. He lands sideways on top of the floor and lands behind her back spine, resting his arm on top of her waistline, locking down his elbow gear in place, so they do not move from their resting position. He exhales with a huff of success. Leer whispered, “Right toe! We’re together and fine on top of the rolling trolley kart, going to the North Pole for the last night.”


Trolley Ride
Eighth Band, River of Lava
109:13 hours/minutes


She closes her two eyelashes breathing out sour molecules of relief, sweating tons of water balls on her face from that scary space maneuver and then opens her two eyelashes, scanning the side of the building. She gasps in shock and faces Building 991. Eartha yelled, “Do you see that?”
The trolley kart slowly sails over the calm waves of the River of Lava, on the eighth band, bobbing up and down with the two concrete boxes and the two space suits of Eartha and Leer.
He cuddles behind her ass keeping his arm over her waistline to keep Eartha on top of the trolley floor. He said with a sour frown and a matching tone, “Yeah, shit!”
She asked staring at Building 991. “Did you see the name of the building? This building has a name.”
“Shit.”
“Why does this building have a proper name? But the other business buildings did not. The hospital doesn’t have a proper name either.”
“Shit.”
She growled. “Stop saying that nasty word.”
He laughed. “The building is named as shit.”
“The building is named as the sewer plant of Pluto.”
He laughed. “Right toe! Now, we know the shitty source of the nasty odor inside the solid walls of hallway. I guess shit can penetrate anything including solid matter…”
“I hate to mention this. We are wedged between tow concrete boxes…”
“Shit.” He expressed. “That hallway and these two boxes are the shitty shit of the plutonians. Geez! I feel so dirty. I wanna strip off my suit and take a long, long sizzling hot shower.”
She smiled. “Look at the bright side we are moving over the eighth band, going up to the Northern Polar Axis. We find the manifest where the husband left with the kids and then we go back home to the Pond.”
“I agree. So far, the trolley kart is nice and smooth.”
Eartha screamed through the transmitter of the space helmet. “Zing it!”
The River of Lava, on the eighth band, changes from a smooth nice ride into a violent rough motion as the trolley kart wobbles violently side to side. The pretty waves lick and then attack the edges on the concrete slab almost pulling the floor down into the lava waves.
Leer screamed with fear. “What’s happening?”
She wiggles both her arms from the twisted slots reaching out and grabs her palmer, reading the new information. Eartha stated with a worried brow. “The eighth band does go up to the Northern Polar Axis as it goes around and around the planet in a western direction. However, the wide of the band expands from five feet into fifty five feet or more as the flow of the river becomes a wilder adventure.”
“We’re going to die here between two shitty boxes of shit just my shitty luck.” Leer whispered. He exhales with a huff of annoyance, frustration, and fear.
“No, the centripetal force theory will hold us between the shitty boxes of shit as we speed around the River of Lava, like before, coming down from the tenth band. Calm down! Close your eyelids! Breathe normal!”
“This is not normal, Eartha.”
“We have not choice now. We ride up to the northern polar axis.” She screamed with fear.
“How long is this wild-ass ride?”
“Looking!” She stated. Her palmer shakes within her naked cupped palms from the rough ride on top of the trolley kart as her eyeballs narrow at the numbers. “Based on the Doil information, the trolley kart will travel at 60,000 miles-per-hour over each band in a counter clockwise rotation around Pluto.” The 60,000 miles-per-hour winds whips and tickles between a two pairs of space boots soaring around the concrete box. The front concrete box is actually blocking the fierce winds from the space suit of Eartha.
He gritted his teeth, “How long to reach the North Pole?” The back spine of his space suit is slamming back and forth into the rear concrete box, keeping both of them sorta stable and locked down over the rough concrete.
“Looking! This River of Lava travels 2,120 miles in 03.53 seconds to North Pole. So, we have traveled the half-way distance on eighth band,” She screamed with fear rolling side to side over the wobbling trolley floor inside the rougher lava liquid of the river, “We have completed the eighth band of 830 miles at 0.69 seconds.”
He closes his two eyelids and whispers a silent pray. Leer counted, “One Mississippi…”
She screamed with panic into the transmitter. “Sixth band is 630 miles, completed in one second flat.”
“Two Mississippi…”
The trolley kart slides to the far right inside the river, slamming into the more glittering particles of lava, ricocheting back into the middle. It sails across the middle of the river slapping to the far left side into more glittering particles of lava inside the river. The edges of the slab took turns dipping up and down into the river, threatening to drown the entire trolley kart within the wild waves of pretty liquid. The concrete slab moans and then groans from the heavy weight of the four objects, swiftly speeding around the curvation of the planet.
Eartha screamed with fright, seeing a set of blurry bright stars. She looks down at her palmer and reads some of the numbers, “Fourth band is 430 miles, completed in 0.72 seconds.”
“Three Mississippi…”
“Second band is 230 miles, completed in 0.38 seconds.”
“Four Mississippi…”


Northern Polar Axis
Warehouse structure
109:17 hours/minutes (late afternoon)


The trolley kart sails over the eighth band then stops with a violent jolt in front of the warehouse building, slowing following a narrow pathway of the water through a set of skinny poles, slamming into a set of floating concrete trolley karts.
Eartha grunts from the violent impact but remains still on top of the floor, breathing deep breathes of life, holding her two eyelashes shut, after experiencing that crazy river ride.
Leer remains on the floor, too, resting sideways. He has not received any type of bodily injury, but his space suit is both beaten and battered against the heavy, rouge, non-moving concrete box that actually has saved his life. He whispered with a puff. “We are here.”
“Three point fifty three seconds of a heart attack.” She whispered with a puff, “We need to move.”
“Yeah.” Leer whispered back. He does not move while exhaling and then inhales deep breathes, calming his racing heart, after not enjoying that wild-ass river ride.
“Get up, Leer!” Eartha shouted. “I need help to stand upright without blasting off into the stars from the poor thruster control button.” She wiggles side to side as her space suit hits the concrete box and then the space suit of Leer.
He depresses the locking gear and huffs in frustration. Leer ordered, “Stop! Stop! Let me catch my breath and stop the vomit, before I die of suffocation!” He depresses the gravity button, slowly floating upwards into outer space environment, in a sideways pose, until he clears the single box and the crooked elbow on her space suit. He presses the thruster slowly lifting upright to stand inside the outer space waves then lands down on top of the concrete box. He expressed, “Right toe! I’m fine and dandy, Jim! I’m not hurt. Thanks for asking about my precious life of three point fifty three seconds.” He laughs.
She depresses the gravity button floating sideways up from the floor in the air. Eartha said with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Shut it, Leer! We are both unharmed and arrived alive but a little banged up here. Nothing on me is blooding or aching, but your whining words. Let’s finish our Outlaw assignment and go home!”
Leer reaches out and cuddles Eartha into his chest pressing the thruster button, flying backwards through the skinny poles then hovers over the warehouse concrete slab, slamming down the gravity button. They hit down with a violent jolt wobbling side to side on the surface concrete that stands underneath the River of Lava. He releases her. He said with a worried brow. “I’m sorry. Are you okay, really, Eartha?”
Eartha whispered with a nervous timber. “Yeah! I’m fine and dandy, Jim! Go on and get inside and memorize all the manifest sheets for the past two months.”
“I’ll use my palmer.”
She frowned. “No, palmer! We are gathering information, not arresting the clerk or the administrator…”
“I know. I’ll use my palmer to click a pic of each…”
“No, palmer! The third Outlaw rule is no recordings until there is an arrested criminal face.”
He chuckled. “Right toe! I’ll memorize two months of star freighter manifests. I don’t know if I’ll remember all the data.”
She smiled. “I trust you, partner. So, distract the warehouse clerk, while I mosey around each concrete box.”
“It’s a concrete box, only a concrete box.”
She exhaled. “I know that, Leer. But we’re looking for anything strange or unique that might clue us into the location of the missing children with the missing husband.”
“I thought you know the answer to the location of the missing children and the missing husband.”
She exhaled. “Yeah, I have a working theory, that I’m working on. Get going! I will slowly drift around the warehouse floor and slowly look at each box while slowly drifting and flying up to the Beetle, which will give you time to examine each manifest and flirt with the girl…”
“What girl?” He frowned.
Her eyelashes dart through the window, seeing the pretty, young, adult female. Eartha laughed, “The one inside the warehouse, see if she can tell you something that’s not on the manifest.” She twirls around and winks at Leer.
He smiled, “Right toe! I can do that.” He presses the thruster button backwards, slowly swirling around to face the entrance of the warehouse building and the pretty female. He laughs and dances towards the exterior vacuum glass door and then hovers seeing a facial reflection of a full beard as his heat signature activates the smooth material. The exterior vacuum glass door slides open. He grabs the sides of the frames, bumping inside the center of the chamber, seeing the single girl behind a high counter. The door shuts behind his back spine. The mechanics hiss and ting with the proper air exchange.


Interior office of the warehouse
109:19 hours/minutes


The interior vacuum glass door opens into the office space of the warehouse.
The voice of a female states via through a speaker box. “Attention. Attention. The room holds gravity and breathable air.”
Leer floats through the air from the vacuum chamber and dances side to side, wearing a smile, flying towards a tall, frozen, gel-coated counter with a female. He bumps into the side surface and presses down the gravity button. He sets the hover mode a few inches from the heated floor and then leans over the counter surface. He removes the face mask and wiggles his arm from the space helmet appearing like a space monster. He smiles at the girl. Then his eyeballs dart sideways at the other objects behind the counter and returns back to see her pretty green eyes. 
The young adult female appears twenty something years old and wears a purple-tinted, soft, silly plutonian outfit. She possesses a head of shoulder-length brown hair, a pair of brown eyes, and a tone of pale skin. 
Leer greeted. “Hello! I am Outlaw Leer from Neptune. I am working with my absent Outlaw partner Eartha, since she needed to do something inside our ship. We are working with Administrator Renato on the missing child’s case. Have you heard of the missing case here on Pluto? Well, I am helping to find the little tiny girl. Would you like to help me find a little cute girl too?”
She smiled. “Administrator Renato told us to cooperate with our two guests with any information or any other activity.”
He nodded, “That’s good. My exact words, if I had spoken them first.” He taps his naked finger on top of the empty counter. “Well, I would like to see all the star ship transport logs for the past…past three standard Earth months, please. That is about sixty days or so to start. Can you do that for me, now, darling?”
She continues to smile then backsteps from the counter leaning down and grabs a stack of objects from the hidden shelf. She lifts her body and the items placing them on top of the empty counter.
Leer looks down with a frown at the object. He asked, “What’s this, honey?”
She smiled. “The warehouse logs for every starship arrival and departure from Pluto.”
He touches the papers. Leer expressed. “It…it’s a batch of wrinkled and yellow stained colored papers. Papers, is this not inside a palmer for my quick outlaw review, miss?”
She smiled. “I do not understand your question. What is your next question?”
He laughed. “Ah! Yes. You don’t have a palmer. Where did you receive the papers?”
“It is attached to each physical shipment which is dropped down onto the platform that comes into the warehouse for distribution.”
He laughed. “This stuff is priceless. It’s made of real tree guts. I bet you could sell for lots of Bits.”
She smiled. “I do not understand your question. What is your next question?”
He smiled. “Right toe! Let’s see what you have listed here. This is the most recent star freighter shipment of food stuffs, last week. Is this the first of the week here in Pluto?”
She smiled. “Yes, it is.”
“Why do you bother with all the paperwork?”
She smiled. “Yes, it is the law.”
“Right toe!” Leer stated. He exhales with a huff of frustration. The girl is a dense warehouse clerk or a sleek ploy in not finding the three missing persons on Pluto. He is getting suspicious of the nice, smiling natives too. “Food stuffs. Food stuffs.” Each manifest list one shipment as his mind easily absorbs the new information.


Spacewalk
Warehouse floor location
109:20 hours/minutes


Eartha presses the gravity button and lowers a few inches over one of the shifting concrete slabs making up the floor surface, inside the warehouse building, which really parking lot for all the floating trolley karts. Each trolley kart is comprised of a white-colored, rough, piece of concrete slab with a set of two holding bars in the front and the rear of the slab held by a pair of two skinny poles. Each trolley kart floats on top of a river water within glittering lava particles as the space between the karts wiggles beautiful and creepy in lava too.
She whispered for her eardrums only. “Creepy place up here too, so I know that you are here. Ugh!” She slams her boot space into the trolley bar and then halts, sounding with a sneer. Actually, she is drifting between the traffic lanes of lava and has become sandwiched between two of the fast moving trolley cars, slamming the front of her permanently crooked elbows into the holding bar as her rear body cast snuggles the second trolley bar. She whispered, “Zing it!”
Inside the warehouse office room, he hears the squeak sound of distress, within his space suit, turning with a gasp and a poker face to see the outside viewing window. Eartha is posed near the edge of the wobbling warehouse platform, where the trolley cars enter and then exit from the River of Lava, for some reason. Then he sees the motion. Eartha drifts backward going deeper inside the warehouse floor while floating around each concrete box and examines the inventory for a new clue or something.
He returns back to see the girl presenting a smile and a wink of amusement. Leer stated, “Another food shipment, two weeks ago. Uh! I already asked and received the star ship manifests for the past two months for my first examination. May I see the past four months from today as well?”
She backsteps from the counter surface then leans down into a hidden shelf underneath the long warehouse counter, reaching out and grabs a second stack of paper. She smiles returning the pile of loose papers on top the counter. She asked, “What is your other question, sir?”
He exhaled at the tiny stack of papers, “Yeah.”
Outside the warehouse floor, Eartha presses the thruster button forward shoving the heavy trolley with three concrete boxes backwards and then away from her two bent and crooked elbows while sounding with a heavy grunt. She drifts upwards into outer space and then away from the moving trolleys, slowly twirling and presses the thruster button for a split second to move deeper into the warehouse floor. She presses and then depresses the gravity button, very quickly, placing her eyeballs closer to see each box, zigzagging between the empty spaces. Eartha slowly flies around all the inventory items on the floor, without seeing a new clue to find the missing three people. She isn’t surprised. Her mind wants to absorb all the information before dissecting it and then finding the answer. She finishes her survey of the small amount of inventory and then presses the thruster button for a split second drifting ahead through a set of two skinny concrete poles wiggling in colored gel too.
The two skinny concrete poles are attached to a square-shaped, concrete building creating a simple warehouse structure for loading and unloading star freighter imported and exported space shipments.
She flies over and follows the concrete slab system moving over the creepy but pretty solid wiggling lines of colored gel, going up and underneath the hanging space dock platform, where the Outlaw Beetle starship is standing without damage.
She exhaled. “This place gives me the creepettes. I’m going to have bad dreams for weeks. I wonder if Leer will have the same bad dreams too. Then we can compare our horror notes as we dine at the Seafood Shack, this evening.” She flattens out and presses the thruster button for a split second of power, floating up and then even the flat, white-tinted, solid concrete, sky platform, moving ahead to the parked Outlaw Beetle starship. She smiles at the thought of returning home today.
The ship rests safety, in the same place, without a dent from a galaxy storm, which are common in the upper higher atmosphere on each planet throughout the Solar System. And the cargo bay doors are still open and empty of any one or two nosy plutonians. 
Earth is not worried. All the metal panels are magnified to a sweat ball on her body part or Leer’s body part, preferably the hand, not the toe pad.
Scientists learned a long time ago that the external human skin could be replicated and duplicated, leading to thievery and murder. But a sweat gland is unique to one human. And it is impossible to duplicate, without kidnapping the human, which occurred during the earlier days of the new identification process, in the year 2051, throughout the Solar System. And then the Outlaws were created to maintain peace and privacy of a single human.
Eartha flies into the open cargo bay pressing the gravity button and lowers down to the floor, making a soft thud. She slaps the side panel with the pointy end on her broken space suit elbow as both the cargo doors close shut with a loud mechanic clunk, releasing a warm and breathable human-like atmosphere with a low gravity field. She needs air to breathe and the low gravity field to shuffle the heavy 150 pounds of a space suit from the container locker while changing into a new space suit.
She touches the button and releases the face mask, the first step of space suit removal as the face mask lifts up from the latch and then floats away from her hair roots, in the air, inside the cargo hold, on the tether line. Eartha presses the release button of the space suit, hearing a whirling sound then a hissing sound, and finally a buzzing sound.
Her space suit is not popping open and then separating into two body casts.
Eartha shouted, “Zing it! What now?” She leans over the neckline of the body cast to see the two bent and crooked elbows blocking the view of her space suit. “I don’t see anything wrong here. And I can’t see any wrong here.” She slams the release button, again, holding it down as the gears sound a series of whirls and hisses, buzzing like a bee. “Zing it! What is wrong?” She dances side to side towards the transparent locker space suit, swirling around to see the space suit. She gasps in worry.
She whispered. “O no! The front and rear compartments of the body cast on my space suit is broken and bent at the crook of the both elbows from my many collisions with the trolley floor and the building walls. The flexible soft material is overlaying and covering part of the hard metal latches. How am I going to get out of this thing? Zing it! I can’t. I need Leer back here now to help me remove the space suit.” She reaches down and touches the transmitter to contact Leer, jerking back her hand. “No! Calm down! He’s busy with the warehouse manifest data collection. You can figure this out. Think it through, Eartha!” She exhales with a puff of frustration. “This Outlaw mission is cursed. I wanna go home now. I don’t care about the missing kids, the upset moms, and the missing husband ever. And I want out of this damaged space suit.” She exhales with a puff of frustration, closing her two eyelashes.
There is an atmosphere of breathable air inside the cargo bay of the Beetle starship.
Once she presses the release button for the face mask, it will safely float and bob side to side in the air, until it is hit by a hand or captured by a hand for storage down into the space suit. However, once she presses the release button for the body cast on her damaged space suit, it will dangerously bust into a set of numerous large and small pieces of light weight plastic, scattering and hitting against the cargo hold wall with a strong force or a light force of impact until the low gravity field pulled each and every piece down near the carpet, but not resting on top of the carpet.
Eartha needs the space helmet and face plate to protect her face, since the direction of the splitting space suit pieces will fling in the air or hit against the walls inside the cargo bay while cutting her delicate human body.
The cargo hold is exactly a cargo hold for holding in place in low gravity a set of rescued humans or a set of angry prisoners or a set of heavy supply boxes or a set of broken pieces of Eartha’s space suit.
She explained, “You got no choice, babe! You must do this alone. Leer could get hurt from the flinging parts and pieces of sharp plastic. Yeah, I don’t want him harmed. But I might get harmed too.” She exhales with a puff of worry. “Zing it! Grab the face mask and place it over your face.” She reaches out and drags the tether line jerking the face mask, replacing over her distorted face. She exhales with a sigh of annoyance. “Now, you’re ready for the explosion. Hit the release button for the space suit. This is so dangerous for me.” She lifts up and tucks both her knees into her chest pressing her curvy back spine into the rear body cast for more protection from cutting metal or flinging space suit parts.
The rear body cast is a solid panel curved around her waist until the set of latches pop open on the left side of her body. Then the rear body cast will fly and float in the air like magic behind her back spine, in working theory.
She presses the thruster button forward, floating towards the solid wall on the opposite side of the closed tunnel entrances with the hidden the chairs for the pilot and co-pilot and then halts in mid-air. Eartha smiled. “No, wait! I can open both the cargo bay doors. Then all the flying broken off pieces and parts of my space suit will soar into depths of outer space and away from my body. No, wait! I can’t do that, because I need to breathe air, not suck up outer space molecules. Good plan for death! Someone should install a tiny breathing mask for an emergency like this which sorta defeated the point of a body cast for a space walking.” She swings around floating in the air between the two closed cargo bay doors. Then the flying pieces of the space suit will hit the doors rather than the space suit locker. The sturdy locker could take the punch.
However, Eartha does not want to spend hours with Darsha explaining her lousy plan, when she returns back home to the Pond.
She is ready.
Eartha reaches up with her hand slamming the gravity panel, selecting high outer space gravity. The new atmosphere will stop all the spinning and flinging parts and pieces in mid-air, without injuring her delicate human body. The cargo bay holds a pod of breathed air too.
She starts drifting up towards the ceiling panels and slams her face mask into her nose bridge as the tough transparent and solid material on the space helmet will protect her face from a solar spot flare and a windshield blow out and her flying apart space suit. She reaches down and feels for the release button within the suit, pressing it down to the maximum, feeling the space suit shake side to side with the computer command, while it resists. She hears an array of numerous sounds of whines, hisses, cracks, and a few booms as all the latches finally pulls and then pops open.
The last latch pops off from the damaged body cast flying ahead towards the locker space but stops in mid-air from the high gravity pull of the invisible air within the cargo bay, bobbing in the air like magic.
And then half of the frontal body cast separates then soars ahead into the forward cargo door from the rest of the space suit, sounding with a loud thud, ricocheting backwards through gravity and then slowly stops a few inches from her eyeballs in mid-air.
Eartha exhales with a puff of relieve breathing deeply, sweating an array of wet balls over her face and both of her wet hands. She reaches up and shoves the face mask from her space helmet. The winds twirl her loose, long, blonde-tinted, flowing mane of hair in the air from the high gravity atmosphere. Her eyeballs carefully watch the bobbing smaller pieces of broken metal inside the crowded cargo bay, before moving around to the space suit locker for a new suit.
She shifts both of her naked arms inside the space suit and hold onto the lip of the open neckline with her cupped hands and then lifts her naked feet into her chest, pushing and then shoves the other half of the broken part of the front body cast away from her torso. She exhales with a grunt of pain.
The frontal body cast breaks into two separate pieces hitting one of the closed cargo doors at two different spots and then ricochets back from the metal, stopping a few inches from Eartha again. Both pieces gently float in the air sideways moving upwards towards the ceiling panels while bumping and bobbing into an array of numerous smaller pieces of plastic that all hang in the air of cargo bay, like magic.
“Zing it!” Eartha shouted. Her heavy body weight drops down to the carpet as she screams in fright then bounced up from the thick carpet of semi-warmth, moving upwards towards the ceiling panels, too, about to mingle with the rest of the space suit pieces. She feels a chill on top of her naked feet. The thick material underneath the flame pipes is designed to warm an injured or sick human body, during an Outlaw rescue, coming from an array of stoker pipes, which are hidden and reside underneath the belly area on each star ship.
Eartha carefully swims with her hands paddling through the air of heavy gravity around a series of scattered sharp and dull pieces from the exploded space suit, heading towards the space suit locker, reaching out with her hand and slaps the glass. The door panel slowly swings open. She reaches out and touches an oversized space suit that will fit Leer or a larger male, shaking her curls. She whispered with worry. “No! This Outlaw mission is leading into major trouble. Leer might need the larger suit for his survival and protection, when I rescue his ass. I can fit into any other space suit model but a child.”
She shifts her cupped hand to a perfect-fitting space suit drawing the suit out from the locker and into her breasts. She slaps the first latch that activates the other latches opening up the frontal body cast, seeing the newly cleaned dark-tinted, soft lining.
The space suit contains two thick arms, two thick leg units, and a torso and hip unit that pulls apart on one side. If you rest the space suit flat on top of the floor and then onto its curved artificial back spine, it opens on one-side, like a closet, in the shape of a human body, for some mentally sick Halloween costume party. A human stands the space suit upright, like a storage locker, pulling open the one-sided compartment door and then slips inside it, like a winter coat.
There are two methods of closure of the space suit. There is an interior handle to pull towards your body as the automatic hydraulics took over closing up the one piece space suit with a side of white snapping latches.
Or you can press the automatic button. Then the open side of space suit folds over and snaps down a set of individual latches over the body unit of the space suit at the collar bone, underneath the left side of the armpit, at the left waist, at the left hip, at the left kneecap, and at the left shin, not on the left ankle or feet.
The modern space suit does not require a pair of magnetic boots or a set of separate hand gloves, since the space suit is a one-piece unit with all the necessary equipment parts. There is an interior control button that simulates gravity forcing the space suit down on top of any microgravity environment for work or walking around Planet Earth for fun.
The new space suit of Eartha stands in place and slightly wiggles alone in the air, like a weighted rubber kiddie balloon. The space suit comes in varied sizes from an extra-tiny for an infant to an extra-extra large for a giant adult. However, inside the Outlaw beetle, there is only one of each size space suit. But a small human can wear a larger space suit, since the space suit is used mainly for air supply and the survival of the warm blooded person.
She reaches out and jerks open one side of body cast, without hearing a crack of material between her ears. The side latches are well-maintained and well-oiled. She jumps up and slips her tall, slender body between the semi-cushioned black-colored layer of softness, protecting her delicate human parts from a compact crash or a wobble dance through outer space atmosphere. She wiggles side to side lining both her arms inside a set of separate arm sleeves. She twists and adjusts both her legs inside a set of two separate legs sleeves and then her bone skull rests inside the open slot. The tickling sensation is funny on her naked neck muscles, like a delicate touch from a soft hand of a male, as her long blonde hair twirls and floats around the space suit and her face.
When a human body is aligned into the one-piece space suit, a left hand presses a button. The button virtually inspects the space suit from a human naked neck down to a pair of naked foot or booted feet for any protruding human parts like human finger or human hand or human foot. If a heat signature and a dark shadow are identified, the space suit does not close shut.
The safe alarm works too properly. Since a little kid enjoys shifting their finger into the folded material during the palmer system inspection process, making the space suit beep with false alarms and ring with loud whistles.
Of course, the parents find the sound both scary and annoying.
She reaches down and presses the button inside the torso shell as the palmer control takes over and closes it snapping a set of the open latches down with a sound of tiny pings. Eartha presses the thruster button forward swinging around to the storage locker storage and then halts in place in mid-air. She reaches out grabbing the face mask, which is tethered to an internal hook, on the outside of the space suit. The face mask dances in the heavy gravity inside the cargo bay walls. She reaches out and grabs two handfuls of blonde locks, twisting her long hair into a single messy ponytail, reaching out and tugs on the tether line of the face mask. She gently snaps the face plate onto the space helmet.
Eartha hears the clamp of the mechanics of the space helmet, looking down with a smile, examining the control panel as the lights flicks on for a split second and then turns rich black for no trouble. She slightly dances side to side, lifting both of her new space arms in the air, presenting a hum and a smile. She bumps and bounces into some of the smaller trashy debris from her exploded space suit.
“Zing it! I do not wanna clean up the Beetle, when I get back home to the Pond, because Leer and I are going on our first date, since I’ve figured out the answer to the missing kids and the missing husband.”
She uses both of her hands to paddle in the air around the cargo bay. Eartha stated, “I can’t fly with space junk in the cargo bay either. What to do? Where to store all this floating stuff?” She slowly spins around in the air. “I guess I could put some of the bigger metal items inside the storage room behind the wall. Then I could let the smaller pieces of metal float and fly around the cargo bay during flight. It is not the best situation, but it is the only one that I have.” She presses the thruster button forward, dodging to the right and to the left the assortment of space trash in her flight pathway to the solid rear wall, hitting the cargo door with a loud thud using the shoulder on her new space suit and then halts in place.
“Stupid cargo door.”
She looks down with a worried brow to check over the space suit then twirls around seeing the storage locker. There isn’t another one her size, only the bigger models for a large male standing inside the locker. Eartha smiled, “We’re fine and dandy.” She spins around and slaps the cargo door, like a naughty child. She said with a giggle and a grin. “I am so sorry, door. You are just in the wrong place, at the right time.” She presses the thruster button bouncing into the cargo bay door again. “You are flirty today. Sorry honey, I got a man. Now, I need to store all the shredded and torn metal and go and find my man down inside the warehouse office.”
She presses the thruster button bouncing into the cargo door for a second time. She gasps in shock. Eartha smiled, “The cargo door is talking to me. Yeah, I see that. Yeah, I understand that too. I’ll space out all the debris of my old suit debris into the plutonian atmosphere. Actually, the Beetle ship is higher than the real atmosphere of Pluto, so I would be spacing all the individual trash into the outer space. Then a space pirate can pick up it for free. They do that all the time to make bits. So, I’d have done my good deed for the day to the poor space pirates.”
She twirls around and faces the opposite closed cargo bay door. Eartha stated. “Hmm! I shouldn’t stand in the middle of the cargo bay door, when the galactic winds hit the larger pieces of metal. I might get my new space suit damaged again.” She scoots to the far side of the cargo bay standing in front of the co-pilot tunnel, straining and stretching her middle finger of the space glove and then touches the wall panel. Both the cargo bay doors open at the same time with a smooth swishing sound.
All the broken and busted pieces of the space suit slowly drift ahead towards the open archway of both the cargo bay doors as each piece floats out from the cargo hold.
Eartha bats at a few stray pieces of metal from her face and then pitches it out the open archway to help with the task.
The entire cargo bay is clean and clear of all the broken space suit metal pieces.
Eartha brushes both of her space gloves, like it holds a set of space dust. presenting a giggle and a grin. She floats into the middle of the cargo bay space, examining all the walls, looking down to the carpet for a single piece of broken white-colored metal. She will instruct the cleanup machines to vacuum the carpet at least ten times to ensure all the metal pieces are gone from the cargo bay.
She swings around to the cargo bay on the pilot side, seeing an array of flowing white-colored space suit pieces and as her two eyeballs drop down to examine the white-colored platform for a fallen object from her space suit. She does not want to alert and alarm the warehouse workers of a false accident by a human body on top of the hanging space dock platform, getting her person into trouble. She gasps with shock at the object. Eartha said, “One of the pieces had fallen down from outer space which was impossible. What is that?” She presses the thruster button sailing out the cargo door through outer space with curiosity, dancing side to side to the object and then halts hovering over the object. “Hmm! It is not a piece of my space suit. It looks like a fresh smear.”
She swings around to face the bubble shield on the Beetle ship displaying the pilot chair and the pilot view.
“Hmm! Why didn’t I notice that grayish black smear before, when I landed the Beetle, this morning?” She gasps with shock and presses the thruster button backward flying back into the cargo bay. She whispered with a worried brow without alerting Leer or another warehouse worker. “No! No! No!”
Eartha continues to fly backward through the center space of the cargo bay without hitting the panel or the wall, staring at the scorched, gray-colored smear on top of the hanging white-colored space dock platform. She elegantly swirls around inside her new operational space suit, facing the warehouse structure. She gasps in shock. She whispered for her eardrums only. “Yes. Yes. Yes.”
She presses the thruster button backward and flies back into the cargo bay, halting. She reaches over and slaps the metal exposing a short shelf of individual colorful items and reaches over grabbing the life kit with her hand. She attaches the life kit to the outer hook on her new space suit. A life kit holds an assortment of tiny medical equipment that can revive a dead person on the floor, not in outer space.
She pats the life kit with a sneer then presses the thruster button flying through the cargo bay, down over the concrete slab system, heading towards the warehouse floor and the vacuum chamber of glass. Eartha whispered for her eardrums only, “I know the answer now.”


Interior space warehouse office
109:42 hours/minutes


Leer hold up a set of numerous loose sheets made of real paper in each space glove, wearing a sour frown, reading out loud the words on the next manifest, “Food shipment, two weeks ago. Food shipment, two weeks ago…”
The warehouse clerk continued to smile at Leer. She explained, “I do not understand your question. What is your other question?”
“There is a delivery shipment of food every two weeks for the past two, the past four months, and the past six months. How much food do the smiling natives eat here every two weeks?”
She smiled. “I do not understand your question. What is your other question?”
He looks down with laughter at the next manifest. Leer explained, “That’s would I thought too. I hold and see each manifest in my hand. I am looking for a departing group of people. Would the name of the people be placed on the paper of the manifest, too?”
She continued to smile. “It is a requirement to name all the objects on the manifest. If a name is human, it would be there.”
“Right toe! That makes sense, sorta…”
Outside the warehouse floor, she flies through the two skinny poles and presents a worried brow. She ordered into the transmitter for his eardrums only. “Leer, we need to leave from here now! We need to go back down and see Renato, right now! Come out from the office space!” She halts and hovers in front of the exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber, waving both her space gloves at the back spine on Leer.
Inside the office warehouse, Leer exhales with a huff of disappointment, gently dropping and stacking the paper invoices from the star freighters. He has not found one single name, on the manifest, for the past six months, only numerous food and supply shipments every two weeks. He hears the words of Eartha through the space helmet. He expressed with a fake smile and a nod to the smiling female. “Thank you for your time. I enjoyed our brief talking conversation and reviewing all the read pressed wooden paper manifests. I will be going now, but I might come back.”
“Administrator Renato told me that you would come and visit the warehouse.” The female continued to smile at Leer.
“Yeah.” Leer commented. He swirls around slapping the face mask down over his space helmet, wearing a sour frown and a heavy heart. Eartha and he are going to ride the crazy trolley kart back down the tenth band, to the hotel, for a scary second time.
Eartha is wrong again about the husband and the kids departing the planet of Pluto by star freighters. Unless they had left with a space pirate, which is very dangerous event with precious children. So, the Outlaw assignment is not solved and still a mystery within his neurons.
He depresses the gravity button, floating upwards towards the ceiling tiles, pressing the thruster button for a split second, sailing through the air and then bangs his space glove into the glass door. He hovers in mid-air. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber reads his heated human signature and then slides open. He sails inside the tiny room. The door shuts behind his back spine. He hovers in the air hearing all the oxygen molecules suck out into outer space, sounding with a set of soft tings. Then a new set of hisses sound bringing inside the vacuum chamber depositing a pocket of outer space molecules for an upcoming spacewalk. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into outer space.
He presses the thruster button forward and sails through the air, without landing down on the bobbing surface of the warehouse floor, and then halts in front of Eartha, presenting a blank expression and a heavy mind of deep thoughts.


Trolley Ride
10th Band, River of Lava
109:45 hours/minutes


Eartha smiles and presses the thruster button forward shoving the space arm on Leer ahead towards the tenth band next to the warehouse office between a single skinny pole and the office building. There is a single trolley kart with a set of two concrete boxes on each edge, bobbing back and forth inside the River of Lava. She stated, “We must go back down and talk with Renato.”
“I figured that one, too.” He said. Leer drifts over the floor on the trolley, without complaint, pressing the thruster button, twisting around to see the trolley kart. It bobs wildly from side to side within the rough waves of pretty lava. He slowly sails to the trolley kart, not wanting to ride that thing again. However, the Outlaw criminal case is cold, again. But Eartha must have learned something new during her sightseeing criminal investigation tour of the warehouse floor.
Leer halts in mid-air and hovers over the concrete slab, with the number 900, for the hotel arrivals, here on Pluto, seeing the rough waves over the river waters and presses the thruster button, sailing over the floor between the two concrete boxes.
The two concrete boxes are ironically positioned on each edge of the slab concrete, like the other trolley kart.
Leer presses the gravity button, twisting to the side, slowly falling over the rough concrete surface and bangs his back spine into the rear box of something. He hopes that it is not a new box of sewer shit from another butthole of a plutonian, since the warehouse floor is absent of a warehouse worker. If it is a box of shit, then the worker is not present to remove the concrete box into the warehouse floor. He shuffles getting comfortable, resting slightly more on his back spine and one side of his buttocks. His body will bump and grind into the concrete box and then into the back spine of Eartha as the similar wild-ass trolley ride, traveling around and around the planet in four seconds flat.
She flies behind his back spine. Eartha explained. “I got a new space suit. It feels great and works great, too. We go back and talk with Renato. I know where the three missing persons of Pluto are located. Then we wrap up the outlaw case and leave out from Pluto. We can dine tonight at the Seafood Shack until very, very late. How does that sound, Leer?”
“Okay,” he mumbled into the transmitter. His deep thoughts are occupied on his life force that will past in a quick flash of both horrible and bright stars on the wild river ride.
She halts in mid-air smiling down at Leer. He is resting on a side body in front of the concrete box and an empty space. The empty space is designated for her space suit. She giggles with a grin, hovering over the side of the trolley, quickly presses and then releases the gravity button, gently falling between the empty spot in front of the first concrete box of shit, probably, and the face mask on Leer. Eartha explained, “The trolley ride will be a flat four seconds of more fun thrilling gut wrenching time. Hold on to me.”
“Okay.” He expressed. Leer lifts up and rests his left arm on each side of her waistline keeping her space suit from smashing into his face mask or another part of the space suit, without injury. He needs the space suit to ride one more time up the eighth band of River of Lava and access the Beetle starship going back home to the Pond, in a few more minutes, hopefully.
Leer exhales with a huff of disappointment as a current Outlaw within the Solar System. He has learned a lot about a real criminal and a real crime here on Pluto.
Inside the Great Dark Spot, the serious crime is stealing from the local fish market, when an eyeball is turned, cooking up a customer’s meal. Then the Outlaw chases down the criminal on the scooter for fun and adventure, without harming either party. The criminal is caught and punished for one day inside the Quartet CC for the criminal community and then the criminal is released to their parents, since the criminal is a silly teen on a daring challenge.
Here on Pluto, a little girl is missing and still is not found yet, a serious crime, without a serious criminal. The mother of the little girl cries and whines, every day, when she views both Eartha and Leer. However, Leer would be upset too, if he had a child and the child was missing.
Here on Pluto, the crime possesses vague leads, where Eartha and Leer have been following up each lead including eyewitness interviews and discussion. The conclusion, no one is guilty of the crime.
Eartha theorized. The husband of Gladkit kidnapped the two little girls and then flew off the planet of Pluto via a star freighter. However, the last star freighter came two weeks ago, not two days ago, based on Earth time. Leer has spent the last thirty minutes reading each star freighter manifest, which details supplies, not people. So, the current Outlaw criminal case is cold again, without a lead or a suspect.
The trolley kart bobs side to side inside the rough waves of the river.
Eartha wiggles side to side inside the cubby of his space suit and the rear of the concrete box, lifting up and stretched out, kicking the side on the skinny pole.
The trolley kart wobbles side to side falling off from the warehouse perch down into the rough waves as the River of Lava sails the trolley kart around the outer parameter of the warehouse floor, passing underneath the weird transport system of wiggling glittering lava gel high in outer space, and drops down deeply into the wild waves of the tenth band.
Eartha smiles inside space helmet, reaching down and grabs her palmer, reading the information on the bands. She called out loud the information to calm her jumbled nerves also. “Here we go! The first band is zero miles. The second band is 230 miles. Swish! We completed the second band in 0.38 of a second.”
One Mississippi…” Leer whispered for his eardrums. He half-way hears the babble talk from Eartha while trying to calm his active mind of disappointment, not terror. He is disappointed in his Outlaw performance here on Pluto, believing he is was a very good Outlaw. He has allowed Eartha to take the lead, since she possesses more criminal experience. In reality, he is absolutely clueless in how to find a missing child, a very serious Outlaw crime. Now, he completes understood his Superintendent Darsha sending the both of them to Pluto. But he really needs to learn a more about crimes and criminals.
The 60,000 miles-per-hour winds attacks her booted space feet again as she giggles with a grin from the funny sensation, within the safe and sturdy ancient earthling space suit. She wiggles sideways getting more comfortable on top of the hard surface and beams with delight. His arm rests over her waistline again. This is a sign of good things to come for her and him. She smiled inside the space helmet. “The fourth band is 430 miles around planet. Swish! We completed it in 0.72 of a second.”
“Two Mississippi…” Leer whispered for his eardrums only. He feels her wiggle side to side over the rough floor. His space boots tickle from the rapid 60,000 miles-per-hour wind speed on the trolley as he flexes the boots side to side without injury from the waves of tough air currents.
“Swish! The sixth band is 630 miles. We completed it in one second flat, almost there.”
“Three Mississippi…” He whispered for his eardrums only He closes both of his eyelids feeling the rush of the 60,000 miles-per-hour winds. The winds hit and then bounce off his space boots and then sometimes slap on top of his space helmet. The two concrete boxes do a good job holding off the winds and keeping the space suit in place over the wobbling trolley kart.
“The eighth band is 830 miles. Swish! We completed it in 01.38 seconds.” She giggled.
“Four Mississippi…” Leer exhaled.


Spacewalk
Ninth Band, Hotel 901
109:49 hours/minutes


The flying trolley kart halts with a violent jolt in front of Hotel 901, on top of the ninth band, slightly bobbing over the smooth flowing River of Lava as the colored particles lick and lap the edges.
Eartha giggled. “The tenth band is 1,030 miles. But we landed at the half-way point of 515 miles which we completed at 0.85 of a second. Whoa! I’m excited!”
“What is going on here, Eartha?” Leer asked. He falls backwards at his back spine onto the rear of her space suit, sounding with a low grunt, catching huffs of sour breathes from the wild-ass river ride.
Eartha rests between the frontal concrete box and the chest of Leer depressing the gravity button. She ordered, “We’re here! Get up! We need to go!” Her new space suit wiggles side to side breaking free from a grounded Leer, floating upwards into the outer space environment.
He does not move resting on top of the rough concrete of the trolley floor, breathing heavy, calming his racing heart and his dizzy eyeballs. Leer whispered, “Where to? What for? Why? Are you bringing me into your Outlaw plan? I’m an Outlaw and your Outlaw partner, too.”
Eartha smiled. “I’m a true professional outlaw with years of experience since my days on earth. Believe me! There were plenty of crimes and criminals on Earth.”
“Thanks for the new information! What are we doing next? Where are we going to next?” Leer whispered for his eardrums only.
Eartha feels much better about finding the single criminal clue and the three missing people while wearing a good working space suit. She asked, “What did you find out from reading and studying each star freighter manifest of a set of imported goods here on Pluto?” She swims using both of her new working space arms flying through outer space, standing upright in the air. She smiles within her face mask, watching her partner on top of the trolley floor.
Leer depresses the gravity button floating sideways up from the trolley floor into outer space. He expressed with a sour frown and an upset stomach. “I…”
She presses the thruster button forward, slowly twirling around to see an approaching trolley, on the eleventh band, sailing over the tenth band, without waiting on her partner Leer. She smiled. “You found shipments of food tubs and supply containers printed on all the manifests from each star freighter for a few months, I would guess correctly. Which was probably every two weeks, isn’t that right?”
He swims upwards flinging his arms sideways, slowly standing in an upright pose, within outer space waves, wearing a sour frown, staring at her back spine. Leer expressed, “Yeah. Then why did I bother looking?”
She explained, “Because I have to bother you to find it out, this is a criminal investigation, Leer. We have to guess at first with a theory or a set of sketchy facts what might have happened to the child and then find out if we are correct.” Eartha floats over and touches down on top of new trolley floor on the eleventh band for a split second, depressing the gravity button quickly for fun, flying up into the heavens, for more fun, within her new space suit. She has solved the puzzle to the three missing persons here on Pluto.
He presses the thruster button forward, sailing swiftly through the air, following behind her space suit. Leer said with a sour frown. “Then what’s the point of bothering people, if we are guessing all the time?”
She sails over the trolley floor on the twelfth band. Eartha explained, “To find the necessary physical clue or evidence to solve the crime and arrest the criminal, Outlaw Leer.”
“What did you find?” He asked. Leer sails over the eleventh band without touching down upon the concrete slab, flying over the exposed portion on the River of Lava and then soars ahead over the twelfth band towards a new sailing trolley kart. “Where?”
Eartha sails through the air over the twelfth band and then halts in front of the exterior vacuum glass door on Building 1313, slapping the glass with her space glove. She smirked, “Mrs. Doil…”
“What! Why?” Leer slowly drifts in outer space, presenting an open mouth, pressing the thruster button forward to the exterior vacuum glass door on Building 1313 too.


13th Band, Building 1313
Home of Doil
Front vacuum entrance room on 12th Band
110:04 hours/minutes


The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open. Eartha presses the thruster button, sailing inside the tiny room, one more time. The door shuts behind her back spine. She hovers in the air, hearing all the outer space molecules suck out into outer space with a set of soft hisses. Then a new set of tings sound bringing inside the vacuum chamber, depositing a pocket of oxygen molecules inside the vacuum room of Doil’s house. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into the residential home. Eartha presses the thruster button forward and dances side to side inside the space suit, without leaping out onto the heated floor in her bare feet, this Outlaw visit.
Doil is home and does not greet the Outlaw Eartha.
Eartha requires an answer to her investigative question and then sailing from the twelfth band straight to the sixteenth band for the confirmation of the missing three people on Pluto. She presses the gravity button, done too many times today. She lowers and then halts the hover mode a few inches over the heated floor, without burning the metal feet of the space suit, hanging in the air, flipping up her face mask. She presents a sweet smile holding her new, secret knowledge, seeing Mrs. Doil. 
Eartha explained, “I have one question that both of you can address for me, please. How many times do you receive at least one or more concrete boxes of food to your house from the warehouse inventory on the Northern Polar Axis, Mrs. Doil?”
Outside in outer space, Leer presses the thruster button forward, rapidly flying over the twelfth band towards the exterior vacuum glass door on Building 1313 too, slamming into the glass. The exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber slides open. He presses the thruster button, sailing inside the tiny room, one more time. The door shuts behind his back spine. He hovers in the air, hearing all the outer space molecules suck out into outer space with a set of soft hisses. Then a new set of tings sound bringing inside the vacuum chamber, depositing a pocket of oxygen molecules inside the vacuum room of Doil’s house. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens into Doil’s home environment.
Leer presses the thruster button forward, sailing inside the vacuum room and then halts next to Eartha as she and he hovers a few inches over the heated floor. He flips up his face mask, hearing the brash conversation between Eartha and Doil.
Doil continues to sit in the chair wiping rolling tears off her sad frown, without rushing to greet Eartha. She sneers and then jabbed her naked finger pad at the Outlaw. She demanded, “Where’s my daughter? You said that you would come back. You’re back here now. And I don’t see my precious daughter.”
Gladkit slowly stands upright from a second sitting chair, wiping her rolling tears from her sad face, too, snarling at Eartha. She demanded, “Once-per-week is the standard requirement for a plutonian as per Administrator Renato. Or it’s sometimes more, depending on what the food consumption of my family during the week, my husband eats all the time. He’s always hungry here. I find that my little girl is always hunger here too. And I’m always hunger too. And the fruit produce spoils after two days. I guess from the cold weather. But Administrator Renato replenishes every other day.”
Leer gasped. “That is…”
“That’s so nice of Administrator Renato.” Eartha nodded with a fake smile. “And how many times do you send your concrete boxes of shit over to the twelfth band for permanent disposal?”
Gladkit smiled with a giggle. “The shit box flows out from the side of the refresher station of my hourglass house automatically once-per-month, it’s a requirement for a plutonian. I have seen it twice since I have lived here for two months. Or else, you can’t breathe inside the confided house from the acidic and musty odor, since you can’t crack a window or open a door like on Planet Earth.”
Eartha nodded with a smile. “Thank you for the vital information.” She presses the thrust button then flies from the room heading down a narrow hallway between the twin vacuum chambers to the fourteenth band, for the real answer.
Doil stands upright from the chair spinning around and chases on her naked feet behind Leer. She yelled with a sneer. “Shit is not helping to find my daughter in your Outlaw investigation. I wanna another pair of Outlaws. I want you and you to go back home and leave my house. I’ll go and get Renato to bring in another pair of Outlaws from Jupiter.”
Eartha yelled back to Doil flying in the air to the rear vacuum room. “Actually, it is. And the Outlaws of Jupiter would never, ever come here for nothing.” She halts and hovers in front of the rear interior vacuum glass door leading onto the fourteenth band. “We’ll be back with your daughter, Mrs. Doil. Thanks for answering my question and providing the easy entrance way through your house to the fourteenth band. We shall return.” She sails into the glass without waiting for her heat signature. The rear interior glass vacuum door slides open. She sails ahead and then floats inside the chamber. The door shut behind her back spine. The mechanics hiss and then ting with the proper air exchange. The exterior glass vacuum door opens onto the fourteenth band, on the River of Lava.
“Wait for me, Eartha!” Leer yelled via the transmitter into her eardrums only, flying down through the narrow hallway, following his partner.
Inside in outer space, Eartha grinned with a chuckle. “Come on, Leer! We’re solving the puzzle of the mysterious missing three people.” She flies over the exposed portion on the River of Lava roughly landing on the trolley floor of another shit barge, standing upright in her oversized space suit.
He sails into the glass door without waiting for his heat signature, like Eartha, trying to catch up with his partner. The rear interior glass vacuum door slides open. Leer sails and floats inside the chamber. The door shut behind her back spine. The mechanics hiss and then ting with the proper air exchange. The exterior glass vacuum door opens onto the fourteenth band. He shouted with his question to Eartha, “What was all that about? I see how you figured out all the concrete boxes shitty usage. Excuse and abuse the pun!” He chuckles. “And the sewer is stored inside Building 991, there for deposit and disposal. Excuse and abuse the pun, again! But what does that have to do with the missing three people here on Pluto?” He views in the distance. Eartha watches and waits for him on top of an empty trolley floor.


Trolley Ride
Eleventh Band, River of Lava
110:10 hours/minutes


Eartha depresses the gravity button, landing on her new space boots on top of an empty trolley floor, feeling the wobble of the kart. She explained through the transmitter to Leer. “Did you feel the smooth hydraulics on the vacuum chamber door of Building 991?” She waits for Leer to explain part of the puzzle as she wraps up the Outlaw criminal case, making her look very good with Darsha.
“Yeah!” Leer shouted. He flies over the eleventh band, pressing the gravity button and then lands next to her on top of the trolley floor, staring at the sixteenth band. He views an array of tall and short white-colored buildings.
She stares at the sixteenth band with the same building structures. She growled of annoyance. “Don’t you find it very odd that one of the oldest building has the ‘bestest and smoothest’ hydraulics system on the vacuum chamber door of Building 991?”
He frowned, “Naw.”
She snarled. “Well, I do. The old hotel sounded like a batch of moaning she-ghosts when it was sucking out the outer space molecules. But I expected an older building to possess a set of older technology that whined and complained in use and abuse. Did you notice that the hourglass houses smoothly opened with a set of nice musical tings?”
He scans the stars, the buildings, and then her nose profile. Leer expressed, “Yeah.”
She sneers at the row of buildings on the sixteenth band. Eartha explained, “Well, I did too. Why would you place a set of new technology on an old building when the side of the building held a set of six different openings for entrance and exit of both cargo and personnel?”
He frowned. “Yeah! That’s a very good question. Do you have an answer, Eartha? What’s the answer, Eartha? What’s going on here, Eartha?”
She smiled. “Yeah, I do! But I am the experienced outlaw. I want you to try to figure it out too. This is the reason for Darsha pairing us together to help out each other. So, did you hear the vacuum warning when we entered Building 991?”
“Okay,” He gasped. “Naw…”
She exhaled, “Me, either! So, why would a 140-year-old building have a set of new vacuum chamber technology but not a super warning system to exit into the deadly molecules of outer space?”
“Why?”
She smirked. “Did you find it odd that we didn’t see a human body or hear a human voice inside Building 991?”
He frowned. “I see your point, Eartha, but I disagree. All the workers are hiding inside the building from the pair of mysterious outer space invaders. Or they are wearing the pretty glittering space suits while working without seeing or sensing or smelling us. I mean, shit smells, even when you sit in the toilet. We are wedged between the two boxes of stinky shit.” He lifts up and sniffs the metal sleeve on his space suit. Leer asked, “Does an ancient outer space suit catch bacterium from a shitty turd? Do I smell to you?”
“You can’t smell the outer metal portion of a space suit, Leer.” She smirked. “Well, I do. There were not any workers inside the building. Doil told us that the shitty sewer concrete box of shit and piss is automatically dropped down into the river of lava on top of a separate slab of concrete. The combination of the concrete slab and the concrete box is too heavy for the trolley kart to tip over and drown inside the river of lava. So that means that the trolley kart with the shit box rides around and around the planet until it meets up with the eighth band somehow and somewhere.
He frowned. “What is your useless point here, Eartha? I am lost in translation of your Pluto knowledge.”
She growled. “I briefly saw the inner guts of Building 991, while we were traveling over the eighth band up toward the northern polar axis, before the River of Lava became a wild-ass ride of death. I didn’t see a ramp or a platform or a person, because the trolley kart with the shit box from Doil’s house is traveling only over the twelfth band that only goes around and around the planet in a western direction like the rest of the even numbered bands. For some reason, between the eleventh and the nineteenth band, the rivers are not connected. Each one is a separate and an independent river of lava that does not flow down to the southern polar axis or up the northern polar axis. So, a worker must to fly out Building 991 or the sewer plant from the ninth band to the twelfth band and then he must retrieve that shit box from the trolley kart. Then he must fly it back over the three rivers of lava and into Building 991.”
“I can agree with that statement. But what’s your Outlaw point?”
“Did you see only one to three trolley karts on the River of Lava at the eighth band?”
He sneered. “Yeah, you and I both personal smelled and rubbed up against a couple of shit boxes on one trolley kart. And we saw that there were a couple of trolley karts. And each trolley kart held a couple of shit boxes. Yeah, and I smelt the shitting odor of Building 991, too.”
She frowned, “Where does shit inside a shit box come from?”
“What?” Leer laughed. “Well, shit comes out my ass. But I find that shit comes outta both your ass and your mouth, Eartha. What’s your Outlaw point here again?”
She smiled. “Did you see each size of the concrete boxes inside the warehouse floor?”
He frowned, trying to remember. “Uh! Kinda long…”
“The concrete boxes are all the same height and length and width, about six feet long by three feet wide and two feet high. Each box was labeled with the number 1616, the hospital. I didn’t find any other numbers on top of the box like 1313 or 1314 or 1333.”
He said. “Six feet long is a little over the length of a male.”
“A body to me…”
He hissed, “A body!”
“I closely examined each concrete box on top of that weird floating warehouse floor. It was labeled with the number 1616. I did not find one single concrete box with the numbers 991 for a pile of sewer shit. For a planet of 60,000 or so natives, the warehouse floor should be stacked up to the stars with columns of concrete boxes of shit from building 991, if that is the real purpose here. I do believe Doil, even if she has withheld some truths from us about the outlaw investigation.”
He frowned. “What truths has Mrs. Doil withheld?”
She smirked, “The shit box smelled and stunk like a skunk, because it was a dead body inside the box.”
He gasped then gagged, “A dead body, whose dead body?”
“A little girl of three years old…”
He gasped. “Prove that!”
She exhaled. “I am so sorry to say that I can prove it. This is our visit back to the hospital.”
He gasped. “Taradiddle murdered the little girl.”
“Taradiddle accidentally murdered the little girl in the brain tumor medical operation performed during a Zero Gravity surgery, among the stars. Therefore, the medical operation was a failure. The little girl was kidnapped from her little girly bed and then placed inside one of the concrete boxes. You heard Doil too. Each home possesses a set of concrete boxes which is located at her home. While her mom slept from worry and exhaustion the little girl died and was taken by one of the hospital staffers or Taradiddle or Mummery. I don’t know which one, but I will find out. Maybe, I will arrest both Taradiddle and Mummery for helping with the murders of three or more people…”
He gasped, “More people?”
“For a planet of 60,000 people, where are all the people? Why are all the trolley karts empty all the damn time? Don’t people work or shop or eat or play inside the buildings on the sixteenth band?”
“I don’t know.” He expressed. Leer turns and stares at the empty trolley karts pondering her words with his deep thoughts.
She said. “We both know that the space pirates pick up dead bodies from outer space. These few numbered trolley karts sailing over the eighth band are not shit boxes, because shit is not spaced into outer space. The shit would contaminate the space lanes. Then an outlaw would find and prosecute the villain of the shit. Pluto didn’t have an outlaw unit.
He said. “Then the space pirates are collecting the shit boxes for some weird-ass purpose, as well as, the all the dead bodies.”
She frowned. “No, I disagree.
He said. “The space pirates are taking the dead body in exchange for what.”
“Bits! The space pirates are nothing but a group of outcasts from the various planets around the galaxy. They’re savages, scavengers, and rebels of the galaxy. They gotta eat, too. So, I would guess here that they take away the concrete box of a dead body in exchange for nice set of bits. And they buy fresh food supplies to feed the elite of plutonians, like Taradiddle and Mummery and Renato, like the Rude Rich people do on Neptune also. It’s a fair exchange.”
“The space pirates are stealing a dead body for money.”
“No, they’re conducting business like they do with the other dead bodies.”
“Where do the dead bodies go to?”
“Mars.”
He gasped, “Naw.”
“Yeah, Mars will be a dead body and use the frozen flesh as fertilize to Planet Earth. They ground up the flesh and bones and tissues and blood and organs into a pile of mulch. Then the soft pile of mulch is spread around the dirt of Mars, making the dirt glow in an orange-reddish color. They accept all the mutated and abuse part of dead animals too. Then the mulch is kept on Mars. But the human munch is sent down to Earth.”
“Ugh! That’s really mean to treat all the earthlings like that.”
“Ugh! It’s really rude and mean how the earthlings treated their own species. They deserve it and more.”
He frowned. “I don’t wanna step a space boot on Mars or Earth.”
“That’s the point of the animal mulch. No one wants to visit shitty Mars. Even the air smells like shit or death. Or death smells like shit. That’s why I left from there.”
“Shit! Excuse and use the pun!” He laughed.  “I never, ever will visit Planet Mars.”
She frowned. “Did you see the floor of the warehouse from our brief visit four point three seconds ago? There were not any workers present, working. There was not inventory stock, only a few boxes labeled for Building 1616, the hospital. Think it, Leer! If there was a population of 60,000 plutonians, there would be columns of white concrete boxes on top of the warehouse floor. Instead, I saw two white concrete boxes the size of a man that could hold a little three year old girl. The hospital sends the sick patient back to their home. Then during the night or the day, one of the hospital staffers sneaks into the home of the sick patient, grabs the dead body and stuffs it into one of the concrete boxes that is probably underneath the refresh station.
He gags then coughs during the terrible ride on the eighth band. Leer expressed, “So, we were wedged between two concrete boxes of dead persons that would account for a musty, acidic, bitter smell of shit. I agree, too late. What are we going to do now? How are we going to prove murder it, Eartha? I guess we could go back up to the eighth band and jump onto one of the sailing trolley karts and open up the concrete box.” He gags and then coughs, again, with his mental vile thought. “I really don’t wanna do it, but we could do that.”
She exhaled. “That will not prove a murder. That will prove a dead body. People die all the time here, on Earth, and on Neptune. We must prove a murder.”
He frowned. “How do we do that?”
She smirked. “I know how to do that. Follow my lead.”
He frowned. “What is your new lead? What is your new plan, Eartha? I’m your outlaw partner.”
She smiled. “I found the single key to the missing three people. And I also found a set of gray marks on top of the hanging dock platform when I was changing into a new space suit.”
He gasped. “Flame burns.”
“The gray mark is one flame-burn from a smaller starship. The arriving star freighter docks parallel in outer space to the hanging platform, tossing the shipments in space as it slowly lands on top of the dock. Then someone comes and collects all the imported shipments. A star freighter does not leave a scorch mark, a black mark, or an angry mark from her stoker engine on any space hanging platform. Or there won’t be a hanging platform anymore. Or there won’t be a captain of his previous star freighter either.”
He smiled. “Ah! It’s a Birdie or a Beetle starship.”
She smiled. “Aw, naw! It’s a space pirate. They launch, fly, and then land recklessly for fun and trouble. Space pirates are landing on that hanging platform here on Pluto too and not with a star freighter, since a star captain would blast the little shit into space dust,” Eartha chuckled with Leer.
“Ah! I’ve seen space pirates near Neptune. So, they were flying back from Pluto. Space pirates only land with merchandise and for merchandise.”
She nodded. “Yeah, I figured that out, too. There are numerous same sized and same colored concrete boxes that can hold a dead human body. And a gray smear mark from numerous space pirate’s starships too for each shipment with a dead human body from the purposefully failed brain tumor surgery of Dr. Taradiddle.”
He nodded with concern. “Something is wrong.”
She smirked. “Something is right. I know where the three missing people are located.”
He gasped, “Where?”
Eartha presses the thruster button forward, guiding over the second trolley floor for safety from the rolling River of Lava and then halts in front of the vacuum glass door on building 1616. She said, “The hospital.”
Leer flies behind and then halts beside her. He wears a puzzled brow and hovers in front of the exterior vacuum glass door. He stated, “The missing people are here inside the hospital. They have been here inside the hospital all the time.”
“Yeah…”
Eartha depresses the gravity button, floating in space, pressing the thruster button and then swiftly flies over the fifteenth band and then over the sixteenth band. She sneers at three innocent deaths by a guilty criminal medical physician.
Leer depresses the gravity button floating from the trolley floor and presses the thruster button and flies beside her. He snarls with anger at Taradiddle, after hearing all the true agreement of three innocent deaths, too.


16th Band, Building 1616
Hospital’s Vacuum Chamber location
110:33 hours/minutes


Eartha and Leer sails into the wide glass door, without waiting for her heat signature. The exterior glass vacuum door opens into the hallway of the Building 1616. They soar in the air waves and then halt hovering in mid-air inside the chamber. The door shuts behind a pair of back spines. The mechanics hiss and then ting with the proper air exchange.
“We stay in our space suits at all times. We need to locate and find Taradiddle and perform a really quick interview, since he knows where the three missing people are located.” Eartha explained. She bobs side to side in anticipation, waiting on the slow-moving mechanics of the vacuum chamber.
Leer asked with concern, “How do you know that, Eartha? Can you share your knowledge with me? You can’t go around and accuse people of…of what, a kidnapping and then a murder here, without some physical evidence. What did you see inside the warehouse that has led us to here, beside a concrete box with the numbers 1616 that could fit a human body? But we found out just now that all the boxes contained shit. This is shitty situation here, Eartha. What is the link or the connection that I am missing, outlaw?”
She sneered. “I’m boss, now, Leer. The physical evidence is here. That’s why I’m here to figure out and find out. Then I turn around and report the criminal person to Renato. And finally, I wrap up this criminal Outlaw case and go back home to the Pond, where it’s warm and steamy and hot.”
He frowned. “You’re the boss, and you’re right about that, boss.” He softly chuckles.
The interior glass vacuum door slides open. They sail down a wide hallway between a set of smooth side walls of matching frozen gel and turned the wall corner to see an open reception room of the hospital.
The room is rectangular-shaped made of the same frozen glittering gel of pretty red, pink, blue, green, and yellow colors. The forward wall displays a registration counter for the sick patients. One side long wall holds an open archway with a set of living room furniture for the families of the sick patients to lounge and eat.
On the other side long wall, a set of double doors is closed shut.
Eartha flies through the air and approaches the forward wall with a glittering gel colored high smooth stone counter and a solo male. She said through the transmitter of the space helmet to Leer only, “Taradiddle.”
Taradiddle stands in front of the reception counter spinning around and smiles at a hovering Outlaw Eartha inside her space suit, hovering in front of his nose bridge. He smiled, “Yes.”
Leer flies ahead and halts in mid-air beside Earth staring and studying the elderly man, using his trained Outlaw eyeballs and his sharp neurons in silent.
Eartha flips up her face mask for a face-to-face with the surgeon. She expressed with a sneer and a sour attitude, “Taradiddle, we can’t locate the lost child.”
“I am so sorry to hear that.” Taradiddle smiled.
“But we have confirmed that the child had been through the surgery with success from one of the medical staffers here at the hospital and from you and Dr. Mummery. Then the child was moved from the operating theater suite and into her private bedroom at home to recuperate.” Eartha exhaled with a puff of authority. “We demand to see the particular operating theater that was used for each operation for patient numbers 81860, 81390, 81490. We will be inspecting each particular operating theater for any physical DNA evidence that might lead to the missing child.”
Taradiddle nodded with a smile. “Yes.”
Eartha sneered. “I want it arranged like now, not yesterday. Our time here is limited here. Our mission here is vital, also. Our client, the mother is waiting to hug and kiss her daughter.”
Mummery moves out from the vacuum glass door as her space suit turns into hard stone, cracking and falling over the clean floor and then veers around the wall corner. She smiles at the two floating space suits, recognizing the two Outlaws, Leer and Eartha. She stated, “Hello!” She shuffles to stand at the nose profile on Eartha.
Eartha turned with a smile to see Mummery. “I was informing Taradiddle that I wanted to inspect each operating theater suit for a set of DNA evidence from the three missing persons who are named…”
Mummery frowned. “They are missing from their homes too.”
“They are missing from the entire planet.” Leer sneered.
Mummery smiled. “You are in luck. There is a new brain tumor surgery in two minutes inside the only operating theater of this hospital, where all three previous brain operations had occurred, also. Let us get started.” She spins around and shuffles on her naked feet, ripping off the tunic from her body, exposing her naked shoulder blades. The rose-colored tunic jacket falls down on top of the naked floor. She halts in front of the closed double doors, lifting her leg and removes the pants of her sissy soft rose colored pajamas, standing in nakedness with her exposed her back muscles and buttocks. The door automatically opens.
Leer grunts with a grin watching the wiggling nude buttocks of Mummery. She is a very petite female with a tone of firm and pale colored skin. He grinned, “Uh! Do we undress too? I like my sissy pair of soft light blue colored pajamas, but I can go totally nude inside the operating room with the others.”
“Shut it, Leer!” Eartha sneered. She watches the naked back spine of Mummery. “Stay inside your space suit, Leer! We are only observing and looking for a single piece of evidence like a hair follicle or a piece of frozen nose booger from a small child, since all the physicians are hairless and naked. Get moving, Leer!” She hovers in place, watching Leer.
“Shore thing!” Leer presses the thruster button forward dancing sideways in the air, staring at the nice fanny on Mummery. He sails in the air into the enclosed operating room.
The room has a curved wall made of frozen lava-coated particles like the rest of the residential houses on Pluto.
Eartha presses the thruster button forward, exhaling with a puff of annoyance, wearing a sour frown. She sails in the air and follows behind Leer into the enclosed room, watching the actions of Mummery.

Taradiddle spins around presenting a chuckle and a smile, viewing the other three physicians. He ordered, “We will start the operation in one minute and forty five seconds. Please all the other physicians prepare for the operation in Zero Gravity atmosphere on top of the rooftop like the other medical operations.” He shuffles across the floor surface of the reception room, ripping off his tunic jacket in yellow hue from his naked chest as the tunic jacket drops down on top of the floor. He drops one leg of his trousers, skipping over the hard surface on that leg, flipping the other leg in the air and removes the pair of trousers from his upright body. He tossed the trousers into the air. The trousers land on top of the floor. Taradiddle strolls through the open archway in full nudity and halts inside one of the other open dressing tubes, in the far corner, within the enclosed operating theater.
The other three physicians stroll across the floor surface, ripping off a set of colored clothing also and then halt in front of an individual dressing tube.


1st level
Interior operating theater
110:36 hours/minutes (late afternoon)


Mummery continues to move across the hard surface of the operating theater suite into one of the dressing tubes. The door shuts behind her back spine, sounding with a soft hiss. She reaches out and lifts a single, re-breathing mask from the lonely hook inside the dressing tube, placing it over her entire face. The air breathing mask protects the eyeballs, the nose holes, the mouth, and both the earlobes from the spraying liquid and then it recycles the exposed carbon dioxide molecules directly back into a set of oxygen breathes for her healthy lungs. She does not close her eyelashes, enjoying the display of vivid colors on the three walls and then shoves the hook back into the hard wall surface with her naked palm.
The ceiling pops with a ting.
However, noise is soundless in outer space.
The outer space molecules swiftly drift down from the stars and invades her single dressing tube as the four hard surface walls dances and glitters in live movement. The four walls are made of plutonian volcano lava.
The lava from a plutonian volcano swiftly spills over the landscape as ground level ‘cool flames’ without a set of ugly, gray-colored, smoke-type, plume atmosphere ash on Planet Earth or Planet Mars. The ground level ‘cool flamed’ lava swiftly spreads over the entire landscape of Planet Pluto. When the ground lava runs into pouring over any type of oxygen filled atmosphere, it hardens immediately like a piece of rock instantly.
However, the scientists of Pluto learned the hardened lava also immediately morphs back into a wiggling liquid state of cool flames, when the outer space molecules touch a tiny fragment or a large slab or a tall building structure of dried lava.
She extends both her arms even with the hard floor, spreading a set of naked feet over the floor, wearing a smile inside the breathing mask at the familiar dance moves. The lava leaps from the first wall without hesitation, jumping at any organic object as the second wall layer of more wiggling lava dances and then tosses upon the same organic object, the naked female.
The lava swirls from the wall through the air in the colors of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow sparkles. It dances and twirls around the female, adhering to every part of her naked skin.
She giggles from the tickling sensation over her body, except where the protective face mask covers her face. She feels the overall warmth as the lava heats her body from the coldness of outer space. Her skull hair forms and then fossilizes into a long ponytail of sparkling lava too. The hair follicles breathe like the outer skin as the lava finally forms a complete lava body suit of her naked body.
Mummery shifts her arms and wiggled her fingers feeling the freedom of the pretty lava body suit that covers her body. She inhales fresh air inside the face mask, exhaling out all the new carbon dioxide molecules.
Then the interior chamber of the four hard rock-like walls inside the dressing tube comes alive and dances in tones of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow as the wiggling alive lava molecules stick and dances over the four walls, on top of the flat floor, and the exposed edges of a missing ceiling. Then the dressing tube shifts up in silence and floats up toward the stars with the lava-covered female.


Cold and black outer space
101st floor rooftop
Exterior operating theater
110:37 hours/minutes (late afternoon)


The dressing tube halts with a smooth move on top of the rooftop of the tallest building on planet Pluto as the wiggling lava molecules spill and drain over the rooftop.
The rooftop is a square-shaped area perfectly flat across from one side to the other, except around each square edge. Three closed dressing tubes sparkle in glittering lava molecules around the three wall corners.
Mummery stands in place, feeling the flow movement below a set of new pretty lava-covered shoes over her two naked feet. The wiggling lava molecules shift ahead, like a walkway, and move her stationary, lava-covered body forward towards an outline of an enclosed pit, without instruction.
An outline of an enclosed pit is located in the center of the rooftop on the tallest building of Pluto shaped like a square. Around each edge of the square-shaped pit, wiggling glittering gel is decorated in the same pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava particles. The four corners of the pit slowly crack from rays of bright artificial light, coming up from the first level of the operating theater. Each corner of the outlined pit slowly pulls back creating a square-shaped hole inside the middle of the rooftop. The square-shaped hole grows bigger and bigger as the wiggling gel wobbles side to side falling down through the opening.


1st floor
Interior operating theater of hospital
110:38 hours/minutes


Leer flies around the surgical operating table which is located the middle of the operating theater. He slowly paces towards the far wall corner made of frozen, lava-coated gel also and then halts in place, pressing the gravity button a few inches from the floor, which is made like all the other floors here on Pluto, of course. He slowly swings around to see the action, sounding with a chuckle and a grin.
Taradiddle strolls through the open archway in full nudity on his naked feet and then halts in front of the lava-coated stone operating table, looking with a smirk to see Leer.
Leer stares in awe and hovers in place at the curve of the wall, studying the commotion inside the operating theater.
The other three physicians spin around and follow behind the naked buttocks on Taradiddle through the open archway of the operating theater, strolling across the reception hospital floor, ripping off a set of colored clothing also. Each one shuffles ahead and then halts in front of a dressing tube. Then three different dressing tube doors close shut at the same time blinding the eyeballs on Eartha to the nude bodies of the males.
Eartha slowly sails through the air into the operating theater, watching the dressing tube with Mummery close up, halting beside the entrance wall made of frozen, lava-coated gel. She wears a sour frown and then presses the gravity button. Her space suit drops a few inches on top of the hard floor, made of frozen lava-coated gel, like all the other floors here on Pluto, of course. She hears the soft chuckles and then the animal grunts coming from Leer.
She does not view Leer but knows his location, the wall corner. Eartha sneers into the transmitter to her Outlaw partner still watching Mummery. “This is not a funny and an amusing situation, Leer.”
He laughed back into the space helmet transmitter. “Yeah!  It’s a hilarious and ridiculous situation seeing three grown male adults walking around totally naked. Now, I like watching petite-sized and pale-skinned Mummery strut her fanny towards me.”
Eartha flies sideways halting in the opposite wall corner from Leer, still watching the commotion inside the operating theater. She ordered. “Shut it, Leer!”
On the ground floor, within the operating theater, a solo table, made of pretty pink, red, blue, green, and yellow hard individual stones, stands on eight matching legs, in the middle of a square-shaped room. The entire room is made of frozen lava-coated gel too. 
A naked adult male rests on his stomach muscles, in the middle of the stone table, without a warm blanket. His brown-colored hairy skull is sandwiched down between the table and a hole, where his face drops down through the table, wearing a protective face mask around his eyeballs, two ear holes, and two nose holes. His face mask allows the carbon dioxide molecules to flow around the face and then converted it back into oxygen breathes into the male’s body. The short-sized male is sedated for a medical procedure while looking peacefully asleep on his chest and stomach muscles, without twitching or wiggling over the stone table.
On top of the ceiling, the rooftop reaches 101 stories high and stands in the outer space environment. The rooftop is also made of frozen, lava-coated glittering gel.
On the rooftop, the square-shaped open pit slowly grows bigger and bigger as the cold and blackness of exposed outer space invites down zillions of outer space molecules. Each outer space molecule rapidly drifts down from the bright stars and invades the curved walls of the operating theater. Then each frozen hard lava-coated wall of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow starts to move and wiggle into a new dance.
Then the invading outer space molecules cause the operating table of lava-coated stone to wiggle and stretch out a set of pretty individual molecules over the nakedness on the male as the lava particles encase his resting human body inside a warm blanket of sparkling pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava bites. His naked body and the stone table become one, without harming the sleepy male. A pair of naked eyeballs can see an outline of a tiny rump of his buttocks and the tiny deep scoop of his body spine through the layer of glittering lava-coated gel.
A rainfall of wiggling and glittering lava particles drops down falling over the hard gel floor and some of the body parts on Taradiddle.
Inside the wall corner, Leer gasps in shock while watching the weird-ass scene.
The wiggling gel molecules do not slide from the body on Taradiddle, instead it sticks and stays wiggling in twinkling hues of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow. Taradiddle stares into the eyeballs on Leer and presents a smirk but communicates to the medical physician on the rooftop. He stated. “Dr. Mummery, the male patient is ready for transport from the floor to the rooftop for surgery. Is the rest of your medical team up there for the Zero Gravity operation?”
On the rooftop, Mummery stands in place inside a square corner at the open pit. She smiles inside her face mask holding a set of cool emotions and stable nerves, after performing this operation few times. She communicated back, “Yes, Dr. Taradiddle, I am in position and available. The rest of the medical team is waiting for the operating table to flow up from the ground and transportation process. Please begin!”
Taradiddle shifts and then places his partially lava-coated naked feet on a protruded lever, on top of the semi-wiggling floor of pretty lava particles, slowing pressing the lever down into a layer of hard concrete that forms the building foundation until it stops. He lifts his foot from the lever standing upright again, winking to Leer. Taradiddle spins around and moves ahead entering and then halts inside the last open dressing tube to complete the surgical gear process for the Zero Gravity atmosphere on the rooftop with the newest surgical patient.
Before the door on the dressing tube shuts over his naked buttocks, Taradiddle orders. His words echoed throughout the operating theater sounding into the space transmitter on both Eartha and Leer. “Miss and sir, you should prepare for a space flight, still wearing your ancient space suits. The ceiling tile will be parting open soon. Then the operating table will be leaving and launching from the ground floor, soaring through the air and halting inside the stars for the zero gravity operation, if you really want to see the awesome medical surgery.” The door on dressing tube of Taradiddle slides close.
Leer drops open his mouth then gasps in shock slowly twirling around, scanning the morphing operating room. He suggested, “Uh, Eartha! I…I think we should flight up through that great big new hole in the ceiling tiles and get away from that thing in here.” He does not wait on a verbal or manual response from Eartha but depresses the gravity button floating forward through the air and away from the tickling movement behind his back spine and in front of his eyeballs. He slowly whirls around and see a wall of wiggling gel, once a solid wall of hardened gel. He laughed with nervousness. “Eartha, you can open your eyeballs, now, precious.” He continues to chuckle at this strange event and safely floats towards the great big hole in the ceiling tiles that wiggle and waves at him. He hovers in the middle of the hole without touching or slamming into the wiggling particle, slowly floating upwards towards the rooftop within the exposed outer space environment.
In the opposite wall corner, Eartha has not closed her two eyelashes and cannot close them without missing the commotion inside the operating theater. She exhales with a puff of nervousness at the morphism of objects occurring in front of her face mask. The hard frozen lava has changes into layers of wiggling smooth gel of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow colored particles. She depresses the gravity button slowly floating backwards away from the wiggling wall of smooth gel, swinging around with an open mouth. She views the table, the patient, the walls, the floor, and the ceiling tiles with wiggling smooth gel colored particles. 
She whispered back to Leer through the space helmet transmitter, “Yeah! We need to fire up and fly away getting out of this operating room and up on top the rooftop for the Zero Gravity surgery. This is so weird.” Her space suit automatically floats upwards towards the open hole inside the ceiling tiles. She presses the thruster button upward swiftly flying up to the exposed hole surrounded with more wiggling lava particles, wearing a worried brow in silence.


Cold, black outer space
101st floor rooftop
Exterior operating theater
110:44 hours/minutes (late afternoon)


The single, lava-coated table with both wiggling and glittering tints of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow slowly raises up from the ground floor soaring upwards in the air currents and then higher towards the opening, square-shaped, ceiling-hole. Mummery and the three other physicians stand guard at each corner point, watching the safety of the sedated male on top of the operating table.
Leer exits the hole first and flies directly upwards then hovers several feet above the weird activity within the outer space environment while waiting on Eartha.
Eartha flies out next from the opening sailing over each glittering skull on the team of medical physicians, spinning around and then halts near the edge railing on the rooftop, out of the way from the personnel and the procedure. She wears a puzzled brow viewing the new commotion. She depresses the gravity button, slowly lowering, not landing on top of the wiggling gel that covers the entire rooftop floor, the walls, and all the medical physicians. 
Leer depresses the gravity button drifting towards Eartha then lowers down standing next to Eartha. He stated with a puzzled brow. “So, this is a Zero G atmosphere for a Zero G medical surgery.”
Eartha said. “I guess.”
“How are we supposed to find a single hair of a follicle of the missing child, now?”
She sneered. “We watch. We wait. We listen. The opportunity will present itself.”
He exhaled. “What opportunity?”
“Shush! Listen to them talk.” Eartha frowned.
The square-shaped operating platform coming up from the ground floor with wiggling lava particles matches the empty spot within the square-shaped pit on top of the ceiling, that is really the rooftop platform, one hundred and one stories high into the skyline. The operating platform slowly glides up from the hard floor through a set of the mechanic latches, lifting up towards the stars as a batch of goopy wiggling pretty lava particles cling and then hang down, like colorful ice icicles from the table edge, the male patient, and the moving platform.
The lava on Pluto only interacts with itself. The molecule adheres to any type of exterior piece of solid metal, solid concrete, or solid human flesh as long as one molecule touches another molecule. Once the lava molecule touches an oxygen atmosphere, it hardens back into a beautiful display of cosmic creation immediately for beauty and functionality.
The shaped-squared platform holds a matching operating table and a sedated human male stops filling in the empty pit on top of the roof, sparkling in pretty hues of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava molecules as the lava dances and wiggles side to side in happiness of the outer space.
Mummery moves from the edge on the square-shaped pit, and then stops, standing in front of the bone skull on the sedated human male. Each human body part is covered in a pretty layer of wiggling lava particles over the entire body of male, except the rear of the brown colored hairy skull of the man. The hairy skull of the male points at the front body on medical surgeon Mummery. The face of the male with the face mask stares down into the hole and as the male continues to sleep from the sedation medication for the upcoming operation.
The male physician, who is standing on the opposite side of Mummery, scoots around and then halts at the wiggling lava covered naked feet of the male for observation purposes. The other two other male physicians scoot around and then guard at the opposite end points on the same operating table between a standing Mummery, watching for any type of medical assistance.
The last dressing tube door slides open. Taradiddle stands inside the narrow tube in silence and presents a smile within his face mask as a rolling wave of glittering gel spills over the top surface on the rooftop. Then a moving sidewalk of glittering gel strolls ahead and then halts the body of Taradiddle at the empty side on the operating table.
Leer gasped. “Did you see the glittering gel move and roll over the rooftop like magic or something without instructions?”
“Shush! Watch and listen to the five medical physicians.” Eartha frowned.
Taradiddle wears a stern face and stares at Mummery. He ordered. “Please be attentive and quiet. This is not the first surgical case for Dr. Mummery, but she requires respect to concentrate on current medical procedure. However, she has performed with both admiration and bravery on the other three brain tumor cases here on the rooftop during their individual Zero Gravity surgery. I have complete confidence in her medical surgery skills. For a brief explanation of surgery protocol to my new guests, this is a Zero Gravity surgery procedure. Thus, we are all located on top of the roof with the stars, the moons, and the rest of outer space. A Zero Gravity procedure provides the greatest chance of survival and recovery at the same time for the medical patient. Are you ready, Dr. Mummery?”
The table is posed in place and is even with her chest. Mummery stated, “Yes.” She stares down at the wiggling lava on the brown hairy skull of the male.
Taradiddle lifts up and opens his lava-covered hand, acting like a surgery glove too. The object lifts up in the outer space waves, within the Zero Gravity atmosphere. He reaches out and gently pushes the object to Mummery. He said. “This is the only surgery instrument that you will use for this delicate medical procedure. One side is a knife to slice into the hair follicles and the skull meat which will expose the vicious tumor within the brain tissue. Let us precede one step at a time. Do you see the amber colored spot over the rear skull of the male? You can’t miss it. The neon bright amber spot gleams through the pretty colors of the pretty hues of lava.”
“Yes.” She said. Mummery observes the amber spot and lowers the surgical blade down to the brown colored hairy skull on the sedated human male.
He smiled inside the face mask. “Use the sharp point of the knife and stab down through the lava gel. Then you must carefully slice around the outside of the glowing amber spot but do not slice the skull meat from her bone skull, only slice through the meat and the bone. We keep all the meat and the bone intact during the medical procedure. None of the male’s body parts are expensed. You cannot harm the male. He is deeply asleep. The lava is soft and pliable between your fingers too. This is one reason for performing a zero gravity medical procedure. The lava body suit protects both the patient and the physician.”
She firmly stabs the tip on the surgical knife through the soft lava hitting the hard bone on the skull, without noise. Her fingers are steady and as her body is calm performing her fourth brain tumor operation this week on Pluto.
A small set of individual blood molecules slowly drifts up from the open hairy skull on the male and then floats into the outer space in the formation of red colored bubbles above the slice of bone meat.
Mummery smiles and follows each red colored bubble, back stepping from the table and the beautiful but weird phenomenon of Zero Gravity surgical procedure.
One of the medical physicians on the edge of the table lifts up and activates a tiny wind fan between his two lava-coated hands at each red colored floating bubble.
Taradiddle laughed inside the face mask. “Your assistant physician is literally fanning the blood bubbles in his direction as each blood molecule drifts into the air from the sliced skull meat of the child. He is corralling and collecting all of the escaping blood protein bubbles into an open bag. Once you have finished your sawing and implantation, well, you will see. I am jumping ahead of the medical procedure. However, I want to say with great confidence. The human body is a remarkable devise as it heals much quicker and faster with its own antibodies and blood molecules rather than with another’s human’s body parts and blood. How are you doing, Dr. Mummery? Please finish the medical procedure. We have another one, the last for the evening.”
Mummery shuffles ahead standing in front of the open bone skull comprised of both hair and meat. She reaches down and starts to saw the knife blade sideways around the glowing amber spot in an incomplete circle, lifting the knife from the patient’s exposed skull in the air, near her face mask. She stated, “I am done, Dr. Taradiddle.”
More blood molecules drift up from the bloody knife in the air from the exposed skull meat on the sedated human male as the small fan paddle pulls the air currents with the floating blood protein bubbles to the assistant physician. The physician twists and twirls the hand-held wind fan around the rear of the blood bubbles, maneuvering all of them into a stationary open bag located near his collar bone. The transparent bag glitters in an array of floating and then bouncing reddish-white tones of polished blood protein bubbles.
Taradiddle smiled inside the face mask at the nose profile of the female physician, “Excellent job, Dr. Mummery. Flip the flap which is still attached skull meat away from the glowing amber tumor. You will see an ugly sucker. The brain tumor appears yellow with a set of nasty looking worm-like twisted matching fibers. Use the other side of the surgery instrument. Flip the instrument over. The other side is an open spicket. Squeeze the tube and load the herpes virus directly down into the twisted fibers of the ugly yellow colored tumor of twisted fibers.”
She flips the surgical knife around within her lava-coated hands as the lava goo sticks to the metal, without noise, also. She reaches down and gently shoves the tip on the spicket between the ugly sideways rows of twisted fibers, covering the tumor, squeezing out a batch of blue colored paste.
Taradiddle smiled inside the face mask. “You’re doing a good job, Dr. Mummery. The tumor will suck down the yummy blue liquid contents with ease. Then the blue paste will coat the yellow tumor and the gray matter of the brain along with the red blood. That is alright. Have you finished coating the tumor and the skull meat, yet? It is a very short procedure, less than three seconds.”
She lifts up and holds the surgery knife near her lava-coated face, staring at the blue paste, within the ugly yellow brain tumor. Mummery expressed, “Yes, I have coated the tumor in blue colors. It spreads a very tiny bit around the skull meat and the original brain tissue.”
Taradiddle said. “Now, this is the hard part of the entire surgery operation. You must insert every floating blood protein bubble back down onto the skull meat like stuffing a piece of meat between the two sandwich bread pieces, if you wish.”
Eartha gasps inside her face mask thinking about the weird idea. Taradiddle looks up with a smirk to see the bugled eyeballs on both Outlaws Eartha and Leer. He explained, “How is that even possible? All the blood is shaped in bubbles. If I accidentally pop one, then the blood will split into more tiny bubbles, floating around outer space. You must not pop any of the blood protein bubbles. Let me explain one step at a time. First, flap the skull meat back over the blue colored pasty tumor. The blue paste will immediately adhere or glue down the skull meat back down over the yellow tumor with perfection. You will slowly and carefully move each blood bubble between the hairy and bloody skull meat and the wiggling lava goo. In essence, you will place or fan one blood protein bubble over the skull meat and then gently slap the lava goo over the bubble which will hold it in place. Yes, this is going to take hours. It is the hardest part of the Zero Gravity medical surgery procedure. However, you are staying on top of a soft lava carpet and you have plenty of time before the second scheduled procedure, this morning, Dr. Mummery.” He slowly twists his face and returns back to view the patient. “You wanted to be a brain surgery. Do you remember your request to me?”
“Yes sir.” Mummery stated. She lifts up and examines the surgical knife wearing a confused brow. “It’s clean again. There’re no brain tissue or blood components on the blade. It’s shiny and clean every time.”
He smiled inside the face mask. “One of the benefits of Zero Gravity atmosphere, everything moves around and off any object, even blood and guts. Please toss it back to me. We will sterile the metal anyways for maintaining a proper sanitary health procedure at our hospital environment.”
She opens her lava-coated palm. The object floats up in the air. She gently taps the surgical knife towards Taradiddle. He reaches out and extends his lava-coated hand catching the object with ease through the outer space currents. She turns and nods to the assistant physician.
The assistant physician closes up the stationary bag sitting on his lava-coated collar bone and then turns pushing the object through Zero Gravity waves into her lava-coated hands. Mummery holds her cupped hands in front of her face mask, reaching out, grabbing the bag. She gently hugs the bag into her chest and then slowly squeezes the bottom of the bag.
One single exit hole allows one single blood protein bubble to fly in outer space.
A single blood protein bubble squeezes out without rupture. She gently taps down on the blood bubble from escaping through outer space and guides it down to the skull meat, with difficulty.
The blood protein bubble bobs side to side and away from her lava hand.
Taradiddle smiled inside the face mask. “You’re looking good. And you are performing it correctly. You must guide each blood protein bubble down to the sawed skull meat. The bubble will automatically glue down to the skull meat or into the lava gel. Don’t worry about it sticking into the lava gel. The lava gel operates like a gooey bandage and will not adhere to the blood protein bubble and the hairy skin of the child. But you know that.”
Mummery does not touch but fans each blood bubble protein through the air and then down and back over the sawed bone skull as each blood bubble protein sticks to the blue tinted medication, the brown colored hair, and sticky blood over the skull. When the bag of red colored blood bubble proteins is empty, the wiggling gel of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava particles wobbles and spill over the bloody wound on the sedated male. Then the male is completed covered in a warm blanket of glittering gel.
Eartha gasps in shock and in silence, watching the weird procedure.
Leer holds his open mouth, so long, that his mouth drool droplets are dripping over his chest.
Taradiddle smiles inside the face mask, standing at the operating table, lifted a lava-coated shoe and slapped the lava-coated lever. He ordered, “Stay put!”
Eartha gasps in shock. She asked. “Why? What’s happening up here on the rooftop one hundred and one stories high in outer space?”
“What’s going on here, Taradiddle?” Leer sneered. They are not natives of Pluto and neither do not wear a pretty-looking, lava-coated space suit for protection from the outer space deadly molecules. Now, he believed Eartha. Taradiddle was planning to do something to the adult male.
Taradiddle looks up and smiles to Eartha. He explained, “The surgery is complete, and it is successful for the lucky patient. The patient is ready to be moved back into recovery from the brain tumor operation. The hospital bed will be descending back down into the operating theater and then it will be loaded with a new patient that requires a brain tumor surgery also.” He continues to stand and stares at Eartha in front of the wiggling operating table as the moving sidewalk pulls his upright stationary human body from the operating table rolling backwards to the dressing tube.
Then the other physicians, including Mummery, stand without movement but start to roll backwards on top of individual moving sidewalk away from the stationary operating table, halting in front of their respective dressing tube in silence.
The square-shaped platform with the wiggling gel table and the covered male patient slowly break away from the lava-coated rooftop floor slowly descending to the ground floor within the operating theater.
Eartha gasps in shock. She asked. “Is that it a floating hospital bed?”
Taradiddle smiled. “No, the hospital bed does not float like we do in outer space inside a space suit. There is a circular panel around the hospital bed that will grind loose with a set of ghostly moaning sounds and then the floor, the hospital bed, and the patient will descend down from the rooftop with a hissing noise like a cat. That is all. I do not want you to be alerted when the rooftop slightly shakes and shimmies in pain like a medical patient.”
Leer slowly waves both of his gloved hands and presents a sour frown. He ordered to Eartha. “Right toe! We understand! We have seen enough! We should go, Eartha!”
“No!” Eartha shouted back. “We should stay and see the next medical operation for more educational amusement. This is a rare opportunity to see first-hand a second Zero Gravity operation.” Eartha reaches over and slams her gloved hand into the space suit on Leer. He shuffles sideways then catches his balance stopping in the outer space waves. He turns and sneers at Eartha.
The rooftop floor slightly shakes from the mechanical gears as the detached part of the ceiling, which is really the ground floor within the operating room, softly moans and wiggles more violently with movement. Then the square-shaped platform underneath the hospital bed separates from high rooftop platform made of wiggling gel, slowly descending back down into the operating theater.
Eartha depresses the gravity button slowing floating up in space, getting a better view of the ground floor, where the hospital bed with the patient slowly descend back down to the ground level. Leer follows her lead then stops hovering next to Eartha, watching the medical event.
Small chunks of wiggling glittery gel drip the drop down from the rooftop floor, the square-shaped platform, and the hospital bed falling through the open hole, splattering down on top of the hard, frozen lava-coated floor inside the operating theater, based on the rule of gravity, like on both Planet Earth and Planet Neptune.
However, the outer space molecules are following the traveling platform down through the open pit, landing and then splatter on the curved sides of the wall too. Then the curved walls burst into movement again from the outer space molecules as the frozen gel come alive wiggling in glittery colored gel of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow.
The frozen gel originally comes from the flowing River of Lava decorating all the interior walls, the ceilings, the floors, including all the sitting furniture to the eating dishes of each plutonian household.
Leer whispered into the shared transmitter through the space helmet to Eartha. “Do not say anything! We stay and watch for some more weird stuff. I believe you, Eartha. Something is right here.”
Looking down into the ground floor of the hospital operating room, the square-shaped platform stops then latches back in place on top of the wiggling floor, within the operating theater floor as the twin doors slam open. A team of physicians, in a set of matching wiggling lava-coated space suit, rush inside then split apart standing around the operating table. Each physician reaches out lifting the limb on the sedated male adult. They slowly turn and tote the patient in the air, across the wiggling lava-covered floor, and then exit through a set of open doors from the operating theater.
The doors remain open.
A second team of physicians, in a set of matching wiggling lava-coated space suit, enter the operating room toting the new patient, a naked female. Her face stares at the wiggling lava-coated floor and as her body is carried by her four limbs by another set of medical physicians. The team of medical physicians transport the sedated female over the floor and then place her unconscious body into the same depressed spot on top the hospital bed. Her face contains a breathing face fitting down into the hole, within the operating table, as all the walls and the floor dance alive with a set of wiggling glittery lava particles.
The operating theater room illuminates in bright twinkling light from the stars and lava particles as Eartha clearly sees the wiggling glittery walls, the floor, and a blanket of lava particles over the unconscious female.
All the physicians exit the operating theater.
The door closes shut.
The square-shaped platform shifts and moves side to side, moaning like a batch of sick ghosts, slowly raising up from the floor and swiftly soars upwards towards the rooftop setting. Then the platform shifts and scoots back into the matching square-shaped ceiling hole, within the rooftop base floor.
Eartha presses the gravity button, lowering down a few inches from the glittering goo on the rooftop floor. Leer performs the same maneuver, hovering beside her shoulder, watching the action.


Cold, black outer space
101st floor rooftop level
Second brain tumor operation
111:08 hours/minutes (late afternoon)


Each physician stands in front of a dressing tube, in silence, as a rolling wave of glittering gel spills over the top of the rooftop. Then a moving sidewalk of glittering gel strolls ahead and halts each body of the physician in front of the glittering lava-coated operating table.
Mummery moves from the edge of the pit and stands in front of the bone skull on the next patient, a sedated female. Each human body part is covered in a pretty layer of wiggling lava-coated particles like a blanket over the entire body of female, except the black-colored hairy rear skull on the female. The hairy skull faces Mummery. The face of the female continues to rest on top of the wiggling lava-coated table with the face mask down between the table and the hole as the female continues to sleep from the sedation medication for her upcoming brain tumor medical operation.
The male physician, who stands on the opposite end of Mummery, scoots ahead then stops standing at the wiggling lava-covered naked feet on the sedated female patient with for observation purposes. The two other male physicians shuffle ahead, then stop, and stand at the two edges of the operating table between the center pose of Mummery, waiting for any type of medical emergency to assist.
Taradiddle said a stern face and a serious tone through the face mask to see the other physicians. “This is the last Zero Gravity surgery for the evening. Please be attentive and quiet. Dr. Mummery requires respect to concentrate on current medical procedure. However, she has performed with both admiration and bravery on the other four brain tumor cases here on the rooftop during the successful zero gravity surgery. Please proceed, Dr. Mummery.”
The table stands in place and is even with her chest. Mummery stares down at the black-tinted rear hairy skull on the female patient.
Taradiddle lifts up and opens his lava-covered hand, acting like a surgery glove, too. The object lifts up from his hand and floats within the Zero Gravity atmosphere. He reaches out and pushes the object to Mummery. He stated. “This is the only surgery instrument that you will use for this delicate medical procedure. One side is a knife to slice into the hair follicles and the skull meat which will expose the vicious tumor within the brain tissue. Let us precede one step at a time. Do you see the amber colored spot over the rear skull of the female? The neon bright amber spot gleams through the pretty colors of the pretty hues of pretty lava particles of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow.”
Mummery lifts her hand, near her face, catching the flying object, closing up her palm. She stated, “Yes.” She stares down at the amber spot and lowers the blade down to the hairy skull bone on her female patient.
Eartha hovers beside Leer and holds her sour breathe letting it out slowly and then holds her sour breathe, again, feeling nervously impatience about the second brain surgery procedure. She waits and watches on the side railing wall hovering over the glittering goo on the rooftop platform.
Taradiddle stands beside the patient, within his new wiggling lava-coated space suit, lifting his arm in the air and holds an object, near the face mask. He said with a smile. “Dr. Mummery, I have the blue tube here. Once you…”
Eartha gasps with shock and presses the thruster forward flying in a straight ahead, coming from the wall, over the top of the wiggling lava-coated blanket on the sick female patient and then collides into the glass tube. The glass tube of blue soars through outer space from Taradiddle’s hand. She presses the thruster forward flying ahead and reaches out grabbing the floating tube of blue of medication. She cuddles the tube safely into her metal chest and presents a smirk.
Taradiddle spins around and gasps in shock, viewing the space boots on Eartha. He hollered, “What...what is this? What…what is going on here? Who are you, space person?”
Eartha spins around, within the outer space waves, and views Taradiddle slowly lifting her body higher in the air, holding the glass tube of blue within her space gloves. She sneered inside her face mask to Taradiddle. “I got it now! Drop the patient and platform back to the ground floor of the hospital!”
Mummery turns and sneers at an air-borne hovering Outlaw Eartha. She demanded, “We are in the middle of a medical operation, Miss. I need that medication for the dying patient.”
Eartha turns and frowns at Mummery. She laughed, “No! You’re not getting it back. Drop the platform back down to the floor inside the building!”
Leer trusts Eartha and her outlaw instincts. Eartha has spied and then spotted something illegal and now has acted on that information. He presses the thruster button flying ahead and then stands by the wiggling glittering lava-coated operating table that still houses the unconscious female patient. saying through the transmitter in a commanding voice. “Drop the operating platform back down into the building now!”
Mummery gasps in alarm. She sneered at Eartha. “The patient needs the operation, right here and right now!”
Taradiddle turns and frowns to Mummery. He ordered to her and the other physicians. “You cannot continue the surgical operation, without the blue colored medication, Dr. Mummery. That is only tube left inside the hospital. We received that shipment, this morning, to save our fellow plutonian. I would like for all the rest of medical physicians to return back down into the operating suite, before the platform can be dropped back down for the safety of your lives as I try to understand what has happening here.”
Leer ordered with a soft tone, echoing through the external speaker to each physician. “Please, everyone, go and return back into the ground level operating room suite inside this building. We will explain in a moment, won’t we, Eartha?”
Eartha dances side to side on the opposite glittering lava-coated wall within the rooftop setting, shaking the blue tube of medication up and down inside her space glove, presenting a giggle and a grin to Taradiddle.
Mummery spins around and wears a sour frown slowly walking ahead to the open dressing tube then enters the compartment. She swings around and faces the female patient, the wiggling space suit on Taradiddle, an outer space floating Leer, and an outer space floating Eartha. The door slides shut. The dressing tube swiftly shifts down from the rooftop towards the ground floor.
The other three physicians copy Mummery’s performance leaving the rooftop for the ground floor too.
Taradiddle spins around and watches each dressing tube disappear down from the rooftop, shifting down to the ground floor. He swings around and faces Leer. He snarled at the Outlaw. “Now, we can lower the operating table with the sedated sick medical patient.” He presses the flat floor lever with his foot, within the wiggling gel, on the stationary operating table.
The platform breaks from the lava molecules slowly descending down to the ground floor from the high rooftop, since the brain tumor surgery is conducted in a Zero Gravity atmosphere. The table drops down creating a hole within the rooftop panels.
Eartha scatters the outer space molecules first from the tense situation, pressing the gravity button, swiftly dropping down, within seconds, through the open ceiling-hole and clears the ceiling platform and halts in the air waves. She stands upright inside the ground floor operating theater, alone and lonely.
She presses the thruster button flying ahead without hitting the entrance wall and presses the gravity button parking her space suit a few inches from the wiggling lava-coated floor. She spins round and sets the hover mode looking up with a smirk to see the commotion above her space helmet and the ceiling-hole.
Leer scoots from the outer space molecules next pressing the gravity button, rapidly falling down, within seconds, through the open ceiling-hole halting in the middle of the ground floor operating theater. He stares at Eartha then presses the thruster button flying forward, without hitting the wiggling lava-coated wall or floor. He stops with a jolt then spins around hovering beside Eartha, setting the hover mode. He said. “What did you find? What did you see? I didn’t see anything. What’s going on?”
Eartha laughed. “You shall see. Everyone shall see.”
On the rooftop, Taradiddle exhales with annoyance and continues to stand next to the operating table, pressing the foot lever. The table slowly shifts down from the rooftop. When the table clears the ceiling-hole at the 100th floor, the other part of the ceiling slides shut and covers the hole blocking out the bright stars and the cold blackness of outer space.


Ground floor location
Operating theater setting
111:11 hours/minutes


When the outer space molecules disappear, within the ground level operating room, the walls freeze in place, returning back to hard solid material, without a pretty sight of tons of smooth glittering lava gel. The four individual dressing tubes at each corner wall open showing the four medical physicians, not moving inside the interior of the operating room without further instructions from Taradiddle. However, large and small chunks of exploded lava particles rest on top of the floor in front of the dressing tube.
Taradiddle chuckles with amusement as the lava-coated body suit hardens around his nakedness while shifting downwards beside the patient on top of the operating table. Each crack tickles a naked body part, especially the tender spots. This is the only method for removing a lava-coated body suit from a human. The lava particles do not harm the human flesh for some unexplained reason as long as the lava materials consisting of cool flames which can be touched are handled within an outer space atmosphere, only.
The table clears the ceiling tiles. Then the hole swiftly closes shut while interacting with the oxygen molecules. The tiles harden back into a frozen, lava-colored ceiling. The table slowly shuffles into the proper spot over a hard, frozen lava-coated floor.
Every object hardens the wiggling lava particles back into original format, with mystery.
Taradiddle extends outward and then shakes both of his arms and rolls his hips sounding with a chuckle as an assortment of hard chunks of colored lava fall down on top of the hard floor, in front of Eartha and Leer. The lava-coated chunks are reused for the next surgery medical operation, which will occur within a few minutes today, inside the same operating theater on the same female patient. He was a very busy physician that performed a brain tumor surgery numerous times throughout the day and the night on Pluto. The lava is also self-cleaning and does not contain bacteria agents of diseases on a human body.
Taradiddle stands upright in his birthday suit and sounds with a series of loud chuckles as the newly recycled oxygen molecules inside the enclosed room tickles his body. He viewed Eartha. “Now, you have had your amusing fun at my expense, Miss Outlaw. Please give me back the blue tube of medication for the sick patient, so that I may complete the brain tumor surgery now.”
Eartha checks the dial for oxygen molecules seeing no light. She flips up her face mask and still hovers in front of the frozen, lava-coated wall, lifting the tube of blue liquid near her sneer. She shouted at Taradiddle. “This is the killer of patient numbers 81860, 81390, and 81490.”
Leer flips his face mask up and then sneers at Taradiddle. This is the moment of revelation within the assigned Outlaw case, the confusion of the villain. Then Leer will arrest Taradiddle for the Outlaw crime and become a hero within the eyeballs and earlobes from all his Outlaw co-workers, to boot, inside the Great Dark Spot.
Taradiddle exhaled with annoyance. “What are you babbling about, young miss? That is a blue colored tube of herpes which is used to treat a brain tumor here at the only functioning hospital on the Pluto. And that blue tube saved the lives of patient numbers 81860, 81390, 81490.” He stands in nakedness and jabs his naked finger pad at the blue tube.
“The tube of blue colored herpes comes from sorry-ass planet Earth, admit it, to us, Taradiddle?” Eartha sneered with a nod.
Leer gasped in shock at Taradiddle. “No supplies are allowed to come out of Planet Earth, ever. All the crops and animals are highly contaminated there, too. No sane human would use a manufactured product or a raw piece of produce from Planet Earth, ever. Is that all true facts, Taradiddle?”
Mummery turns with a gasp and a worried brow to see the nose profile of Taradiddle too. She inquired, “I agree. Is that true, Dr. Taradiddle?”
Taradiddle nodded with a grin to Leer and Eartha. “It is true. It is the only place to get the herpes virus. However, I would like to point out that the simplex herpes virus has saved every single human with a brain tumor since the year 2055.”
Leer frowned. “You’ve been bootlegging the herpes virus for thirty years from a sorry-ass Planet Eartha.”
Taradiddle nodded with a stern face to Eartha and Leer. “I’m around sixty years old. It took half my professional life as a medical surgeon to figure out that the herpes virus could save each and every Plutonian. Before that, I would fail and loose the medical patient…”
“Medical number…” Eartha turned with a sneer and mouth spat on the frozen lava-coated floor.
Taradiddle exhaled with a huff of worry to Eartha. “I did my best. Then I found the miracle cure, the herpes simplex virus.”
Eartha shook the tube of blue liquid near her ugly sneer. “No sir! You found death.”
“That is not true, Miss Outlaw.” Taradiddle shook a bald head and wore a sour frown.
Eartha turns and nods to Mummery. She explained, “This tube of pretty glittering blue came from the same concrete box, which was labeled 1616, that was used on medical patients 81860, 81390, and 81490, who are currently missing from their homes and have been murdered by you, Taradiddle. He used you, Mummery. Open your eyelashes and see the truth here, plutonian honey!”
Taradiddle frowned. “How did you find that out that the blue tube of herpes simplex virus was inside the concrete box, Miss Outlaw?”
“We want through each ship manifest at the warehouse for the past weeks and weeks and weeks,” Eartha smiled.
“The product wasn’t listed on a star freighter manifest.” Taradiddle laughed.
Eartha smirked with a nod. “You are correct, sir. I found all the legal and recorded imported shipments from each star freighter as a food tub. You gotta eat, right food, Taradiddle?”
Leer nodded with a chuckle. “A legitimate and reputable star captain of a star freighter would not haul any type of tiny or large shipment from a sorry-ass Planet Earth, unless he wanted to lose all his paying customers and his precious life to boot.”
Eartha smiled with a nod. “That’s correct, Leer. So, this little tube of blue was an illegal and dangerous imported product which was delivered by a rebel space pirate, landing on top of the hanging space dock platform. And then a box of blue tubes was carted down that weird-ass moving concrete slab system, landing inside the warehouse floor for a personal delivery inside one of the concrete boxes…”
“That sounds like a dead body, too.” Leer laughed. “Or a good idea for an outer space horror movie…”
Mummery frowned. “That is impossible, Miss Outlaw. We don’t invite any of the space pirates to live or thrive on Pluto. You are wrong, Miss Outlaw.”
Eartha nodded with a smirk. “I’m right. During my investigation, I discovered a set of numerous fresh gray colored flame markers that had been permanently scorched over the top of the space docking port concrete that only came from a tiny birdie ship. The stolen and reliable birdies have been used by space pirates for centuries to go back and forth from a sorry-ass Earth delivering a single or a shipment of illegal merchandise. Thus, this tube of blue liquid…”
Mummery exhaled with a puff of annoyance. “During your criminal interview with me, Miss Outlaw, I have told you before. The little tube of blue liquid is called the herpes simplex virus. It is categorized as a medication, not a pleasure drug or a pleasure drink or a pleasure devise.”
Taradiddle smiled. “I have not committed any outlaw crime or imported any illegal product. You cannot arrest me for any wrong doing. I am a physician, here, saving lives here on Pluto.”
Eartha shook the tube of blue liquid and said with a sneer. “We shall see, sir.”
Mummery exhaled. “I agree with Dr. Taradiddle. He is saving lives, even if the illegal product comes from Earth. So be it! We are lovely plutonians, not nasty earthlings.” She smirked with a raised eyebrow and sounded a giggle to Eartha. “Anyways, we are very unique. Pluto doesn’t export one single produce from the planet out of the warehouse on the northern polar axis.”
Leer laughed. “Yes, it does.”
“No.” Mummery turned and frowned to Leer, standing in total nudity, also.
“Tell it to her, Taradiddle!” Eartha wiggled her eyebrows up and down smirking to Mummery.
“Yes, it does.” Leer laughed.
Mummery shook a bald head and said with a confused brow. “No, Miss Outlaw. We do not manufacture a hand-made product or grow a piece of fruit on Pluto due to the cool flames of lava particles. Nothing grows here inside the River of Lava that covers the entire planet from the northern polar axis down to the southern polar axis.”
Leer turned with a wink to see Mummery and then Taradiddle. “It’s not growing…going well now. The product does expand and then explode. Am I not correct, Dr Taradiddle?”
“What grows, expands, and explodes?” Mummery frowned.
Leer laughed, “A dead body.”
“What!” Mummery gasped.
Leer smiled. “All the dead bodies are lifted off the planet onto a starship and spaced into the blackness of cold outer space, except here on Pluto. I admit Pluto is much more elegant and gallant with a dead fart. You place the dead body inside a cold concrete box and load it upon a cold concrete slab that sails up and around the odd numbered colorful bands, going back to the cold concrete floor of the northern polar axis warehouse. Each warehouse worker shoves and loads the cold concrete box of a dead cold person into an open cargo bag of a space pirate for some nasty vile reason. Most of the other planets space the dead sucker into the outer space, but the space pirates collect that body too for another nasty vile reason that I don’t wanna know about.”
Mummery gasped. “I am aghast.”
Eartha smiled with a nod. “I’m going to prove my working theory. This tube of blue liquid killed young child Evatisha Doil, young child Apin Hapten, and middle-aged adult male Mr. Ataxic Hapten, who were all ingloriously referenced as a plain mathematical number, instead of a warm human being of flesh, bones, tissues, and love from a family member.”
Leer turns with a gasp and a worried brow to see the nose profile of Eartha. He ordered, “Stop, Eartha! We’ve proven our point. There’s no need for a physical demonstration. We take the blue tube back with us and test it inside a safe lab on Saturn.”
Eartha sneered. “And let him get away with murder one, two and three. No way! We demonstrate it right here and right now. Then we toss the old fashion metal cuffs over your wrists for three murders of three innocent people, Dr. Taradiddle, sir.”
Mummery frowned. “What are you going to do, miss?”
Eartha reaches down and removes the life kit with her free hand, tossing it in the air to Leer. Leer catches the kit between two space gloves, cuddling the kit into his space chest, sounding with a grunt. She stares at Taradiddle and shakes the tube. She explained, “I’m going to paste the blue liquid on my body part. Then I will die like little three year old Evatisha Doil, three year old Apin Hapten, Mr. Ataxic Hapten…”
“Please dispose with the suspenseful drama.” Taradiddle expressed. He crosses both his arms over his naked chest wearing a smirk to Eartha. “Go ahead and demonstration your working theory. It is a simple herpes virus, Miss Outlaw.”
Eartha swallows the bitter bile back down her dry throat, not expecting that order from a medical physician. Now, she has some serious doubt about her claim. She expressed, “I…I will. Leer, get the life kit ready to revive my dead body, after I apply the blue tube stuff on my body part.”
“What is that?” Mummery asked. She turns with a confused brow to see Leer and tiny box of white.
Leer lifts the tiny box in the air near his smirk. He explained. “I possess a life kit. It carries a defibrillator to jump start a non-beating heart, a temperature stick to record and reduce fever and vomiting, and an ointment pack for a set of burns and wounds.”
“You will not need your life kit, Outlaw Leer. Go ahead, Outlaw Eartha! Do it, too it!” Taradiddle smirked with a nod.
Eartha blinks her two eyelashes and as her mind feels bouts of fear. She continues to hold the tube of blue inside her naked cupped hand, near her frown. Taradiddle has used her real name for the first time during a face to face conversation. She sneered at Taradiddle. “How much does it take to kill a human body, Taradiddle?”
“Only a dab with do it!” Taradiddle laughed. He uncrosses his arms then bends over at his fit waistline roaring laughter, then stops laughing. He stands upright then winks to Eartha.
Eartha gasps in alarm. Taradiddle is trying to scare and stop her from the truth. She hisses with annoyance at the man then lifts the tube sideways in her shaky hand, aiming the glass lip at her exposed human throat muscles. She slowly shoves the tube tip into her pale-colored human skin tissue. The tip and her skin collide. She presses the tube as a dab of blue liquid leaps up and then spills onto her exposed naked skin, at her jaw line. She jerks back the tube from her skin, hissing in pain. She yelled, “No!”
Leer watches then gasps in alert. He screamed, “Eartha! What’s happening to you…your body? You’re turning red colored on the puncture point of your pale colored skin. Are you in pain? Are you bleeding?”
“This is why the medication is given during a Zero Gravity surgery while the patient is asleep, Miss Outlaw.” Mummery watched Eartha.
“Burning pain! Sizzling pain!” Eartha screamed in pain. She releases the tube of blue medication as it drops through the air.
Taradiddle swiftly rushes ahead then squats down catching the precious liquid, without spilling a single drop, on his body or the hard floor. He slowly stands upright holding the open tube and then slowly back steps away while laughing with amusement at the silly earthling. He continues to walk backwards and returns inside the individual dressing tube, still watching and laughing at Eartha.
Eartha hovers in the air then folds her bone skull downwards. Her face stares down at the floor and as she screams in pain, suffering in loud groans. She grabs her naked face with both of her naked hands and as her body slowly sways sideways from her violent actions. She screamed in pain, “No! Stop the burn! Stop the burn! Stop it!”
“Eartha!” Leer yelled, without understanding her mental or medical problem. He bounces in the air waves and gasps in shock feeling his worried mind and his worried heart, viewing Eartha. He cannot see her exposed face, only the back spine on her space suit and the top of her space helmet.
“No!” Eartha yelled. She gasps in pain feeling the burning, expelling her rolling tears. “No! It can’t be.”
“Eartha!” Leer shouted again. He presses the thrust button and stops in front of her space helmet. He shouted in worry. “Are you dying? What happened? Are you blooding? Are you sick? I can’t tell anything. Do you need the life kit? What do I do? Look up at me!”
Eartha shuffles away from Leer slamming her back spine into the frozen lava-coated wall as both of her naked hands cover her face. She whispered, “No!” She drops her hands and exposes her naked face. Her face is ashen white in color and displays a great, big, bright, red-tinted bump on the top lip, right-side. She lifts her finger pad gently bumping the red bump then sounds with a hiss of pain producing a set of rolling heated tears.
“What! Why! Why is that thing on your lip, right-side?” Leer shouted. He presses the thruster button backward and slowly flies backward getting away from Earth, presenting his curled lips in disgust.
Mummery laughs out loud and softly claps standing inside the dressing tube in full nudity. She explained, “The herpes simplex virus is nothing more than a cold sore. A great big red colored cold sore virus develops and grows onto the upper lip of a human, only. I understand completely now. Sorry-ass earthlings are vile of disgusting creatures of the Solar System. They are sick and unkempt all the time. So, another Earth based physician had removed the great big red colored cold sore virus from the upper lip and then packed it pretty inside a blue colored box. The box was picked up by a space pirate, traveling through space travel and flew the blue colored box here to Pluto. This is indeed a medical miracle and a medical medication, not an illegal product.”
“What!” Leer hollered. He stares with a gasp and a puzzled brow at the great, big, red-tinted cold sore on the top of her lip, right-side. He feels more disgust with the new information on her human upper lip then gags out his oxygen-mixed air molecules, coughing out with drooling mouth spit on his hand while staring at the ugly cold sore.
The sick medical patient inside the stone hospital bed made of frozen lava-coated gel coughs out loud spewing vomit particles down on the floor.
Mummery turns with a worried brow and rapidly shuffles ahead to the new patient, touching the glowing amber spot on the brain tumor with her naked hand. She ordered with a firm tone. “Every physician, move back into the dressing tube and prep for the brain tumor operation, right now.” She spins around and rushes back to her individual dressing tube as the door closes shut behind a pair of naked buttocks.
A young physician dashes from his dressing tube and grabs the blue tube from Taradiddle, spinning around, moving back into his dressing tube, in silence. He enters and stands in place, pressing the lever as the ceiling slid away, exposing the outer space molecules. Then the dressing tube wiggles in a set of pretty glittering gel. The gel slips off the walls and down from the floor adhering to his naked body for a second time.
Taradiddle jabs his naked finger at Eartha and sneers with a sour frown, He ordered, “Get her out of my sight now! Get the female patient back in surgery on top of the rooftop now, before she dies!”
“Yeah.” Leer whispered. He closes his two eyelids feeling the seriously humiliating embarrassment from their Outlaw behavior. He presses the thruster button forward then halts leaning down to Eartha, jerking her space arm away from the wall. Eartha stands upright in hover mode and lounges over the floor. He leans backward shoving the chest on Eartha backwards from his sneer and then ahead towards a set of closed doors, inside the operating theater suite.
Eartha drifts ahead from Leer’s violent impact, slamming her upright body into the closed doors. The doors do not move but automatically open. Her space suit slowly twists around and faces the open archway. She wears a sad face pressing the thruster button forward, flying in the air waves away from Leer, leaving the operating theater suite, in silence. Leer quickly flies ahead and follows behind her leaving the operating theater and an angry medical physician, operating surgeon Karnard Taradiddle. The operating room doors closed shut locking the Outlaw pair from the upcoming surgery.
Leer is dressed in his space suit and his matching space helmet. He presses the thruster button forward flying towards the rear end on Eartha, scooting beside her and then punches her space suit arm, on purpose. Then he slams down her face mask over her sad face while he sounds with a sneer.
 He overtakes Eartha flying ahead towards the glass door on the vacuum chamber. He ordered into his transmitter. “We stay the night here in the pre-offered hotel room on Pluto, before we leave early morning tomorrow in our Beetle starship. We need to explain to Administrator Renato what has happened here at the hospital setting tomorrow. And we can’t find the missing children either. So, he needs to contact a new team of Outlaws, not us. I want to give him the curiosity of calling our boss Superintendent Darsha with the very bad news. Then we show up back home at the Pond and receive our just rewards for a very poor Outlaw job, Eartha. Don’t bother me tonight! I’m going back to the hotel to eat and to rest for the rest of the evening. I will see you, tomorrow, sometime in the morning.” His space suit slams into the glass door. The interior glass door slides open. Leer enters alone, presenting with a sneer and a sour frown, from the Outlaw embarrassment. The vacuum door closes shut as he waits to exit the hospital building into the outer space waves. He is flying, alone and lonely, back to the hotel suite, without Eartha.

Next morning day on Pluto

9th Band, Hotel 901
Hotel Room
Outlaw Eartha
28:08 hours/minutes (early morning 153 hours full rotation)


Eartha awakes wearing a set of the wrinkled, sweaty soft clothes and a big, ugly, red-tinted cold sore on her upper lip, right-side. She stares up at the white colored concrete ceiling. She whispered with a sour frown, “Go home today.”
She rolls off the bed and stands on top of the warm floor lifting up, touching the cold sore with her naked finger pad and then hisses in pain. She pulls back and views the goo of sticky white pus on her finger pad. The cold sore appears as a chapped, red-tinted blister pulsing and pouring out with a set of white colored sticky pus. She drops her arms and exhales with frustration slowly shuffling ahead the refresher station, stopping at the toilet seat and sits down pissing out her young adult life at the age of 29 years, three months, 16 days, four hours, and 21 seconds old.
Eartha has ruined everything between Leer and her Outlaw job on Neptune. Her supervisor Darsha will fire her, for certain, once the Beetle starship returns back home to the Pond.
She sits upright then stands spinning around, staring down at her floating yellow piss and then laughs with amusement. She swings around and leaves the bathroom setting, without flushing the toilet clean. Eartha whispered, “Let the plutonian hotel staff do the shitty cleanup work.”
Eartha storms out of the bathroom setting, shouting out loud with a string of soft curses, without washing her hands or her face, and then stops standing in the middle of the hotel room floor. She presses both of her naked hands down the soft fabric on the sissy, soft, coral-colored, plutonian fashion statement, a sleeveless top, a pair of trouser with an elastic waist band. Her bared feet feel warm on top of the heated elements of the glittering gel underneath the foundation of the hotel floor. She will miss the warm floor after leaving Pluto.
She scans the room with sad thoughts of her failure.
The hotel room is small and square without a viewing glass pane window that shows the blackness of outer space, the twinkling bright stars, and the continuous smooth flowing River of Lava in the pretty glittering colors of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow. These unseen features are unique to Pluto.
The small bed frame, made of the same glittering gel dots, wears a set of orange-colored bed sheets that feels soft and clashes with her plutonian outfit. 
Eartha decides to keep the sissy soft plutonian outfit for a souvenir, after visiting Planet Pluto, since her space jumpsuit hangs inside a wardrobe closet, at the warehouse building, on the Northern Polar Axis.
There is a hard-seated chair beside a round wooden table of fresh food trays.
She whispered for her eardrums only, without causing more trouble. “Zing it! They did it again. They brought inside my private room a tray of food, without my permission. But that’s a plutonian custom.” She frowns, moves ahead to the food tray, then stops selecting a piece of fruit and eats it. She needs the calories to endure the vicious crazy trolley kart ride back up and around the even numbered colorful bands back inside the warehouse.
The Outlaw team is going home today, without solving the criminal mystery of three missing person. The little girl named Evatisha is still missing from her mother’s home along with the other two persons.
This morning, Administrator Renato is working with the young mothers to find their blood relatives, after Eartha’s humiliating performance in front of all the selected medical staffers at the hospital. Eartha accused the superstar medical surgeon Taradiddle of murder, three innocent humans during a complicated brain tumor Zero Gravity medical operation.
Late last night, Leer had not escorted Eartha back to her hotel room but flew over the River of Lava alone, entered the hotel lobby alone, and then retired into his private hotel room alone, making love to a useless palmer devise and a table of fresh food.
She eats the food and then belches really loud, wiping the juice on her sissy soft clothes, turning and moved the floating space suit. The Outlaw-issued space suit cannot stand on top of the floor as the heated elements will melt the delicate metal soles on the boot pads. She needs the space suit for the outer space ride back to the warehouse and beyond the stars to home.
Eartha slams the sucker valve compartment shut and leaps inside the open side on the two piece body cast, standing inside the soft lining, double checking all the safety controls and her stored palmer. She has plenty of breathable air without a single indicator light of malfunction on the mechanics. She wiggles both her arms and her legs into the limb slots, pressing the button.
The space suit door closes up and locks in place over her delicate human body, sounding with a series of tiny tings from the closing snaps as the face mask helmet floated in the air along the tether line.
She exhales with a puff of failure as her mind cannot purge the gray dust of defeat. Eartha does not activate the buttons for movement. Her mind ponders home. She whispered with a nod. “Yeah, I’ll go home to Jupiter. My mom calls every night, worrying and wanting me to come back home. Yeah, I’ll resign rather than get fired from Superintendent Darsha. It would like better for me and for her. And then I will go home to Jupiter with my loving parents.”
She presses the gravity button, floating up to the ceiling, bumping her hair roots. Eartha whispered, “I thought that I was so right. But I was so wrong.”


Hotel Room
Outlaw Leer
28:13 hours/minutes


Leer finishes his personal body washing business inside the refresher station, moseying through the room on his naked feet and stops in front of the window, seeing the pretty world of Pluto and scratches his ass first and then his full facial beard.
The planet of Pluto receives one-nineteenth of the total solar sunlight here, making the world appear like a very dull twilight rather than a darkened night time, showing off the unique features of the world, a long row of hourglass designed houses, three rivers of pretty lava particles, black outer space, tons of bright stars, and three missing humans from Jupiter.
He exhales with a huff of deep guilt, not finding the missing humans, pressing a pair of hands down the sissy soft plutonian pajamas. He presents a slight smile. The azure hue is the exact color of his home world of Neptune.
The color remains him of the pole houses, the fresh water, the reflective sky, and the planet. He is feeling homesick too after running around the cold zero gravity of dark colored Pluto without solving the Outlaw case of three missing humans.
Leer exhales with a huff of frustration, turning to see the food table with a set of empty platters of food, even a missing child does not affect his hungry appetite. He prays that the next Outlaw team will find the three missing humans. He swings around and slaps the protruded rear panel shut, cutting off the oxygen molecules into his floating space suit. The suit possesses a sucker valve that sucks up numerous oxygen molecules into an air vault. The air vault feeds free floating air into the human nose holes and the human mouth inside the space suit.
Regular room air is free and freely rotates with a precious set of the invisible combination of oxygen and hydrogen molecules for a breathing human for air and for stealing. The replenished air vault inside the space suit is built with a sucker device to suck up all the free air and store it inside the vertical air vault, until filled. Thus, no space suit needs a separate air tank or an additional heavy devise on the flying equipment.
Leer scoots sideways and climbs up into the body cast on the space suit, wiggling into the arm and leg slots without closing the unit. He reaches down and touches his palmer bringing it to his face for a physical inspection. He taps on the screen, without seeing any friendly or non-friendly visual messages from his boss Superintendent Darsha.
So, Administrator Renato has not contacted Darsha, yet. He is probably waiting to yell at Leer and Eartha, this morning, inside the lobby setting of the old hotel.
Leer exhales with a huff of dread, deserving the yelling for not finding a set of three missing humans, coming from the frustrated and worry administrator of Pluto regarding a crazy, insane Outlaw partner Eartha. At least, the space trip back home to the Pond will be nice and quiet for three hours and some odd minutes, based on Earth time.
He exhales with a huff of annoyance, slipping the palmer back down into the slot, reaching out and pulls the handle of the body cast for closure. The space suit sounds with a slurp of closure as the snaps rang in a series of tiny tings for sealing process and the lockdown procedure for a live human body.
The interior lights brighten with power for 0.001 seconds and then dulls in black darkness, since the interior lights only illuminate with a presented mechanic problem causing your heart organ to jump start into a panic mode.
Leer has never experienced a malfunction inside his space suit other than the emergency practice sessions during his younger days of the Outlaw academy. Then again, Leer lives on the water of the Great Dark Spot, where the norm is a naked chest and a pair of naked feet. It is against the legal law to walk or run or fly around in your naked body, enough though the younger, daring teenagers try it and then become arrested for a couple of hours for humiliation and fun.
Leer double checks the buttons and levers for the fresh air supply and the thruster control gears. He releases the gravity button and floats up toward the ceiling, gently bumping his strawberry blonde hair roots into the tall ceiling, the bright spot of an early morning on Pluto, since the late morning on Neptune will not be sunshine and giggles for the Outlaw pair.
Leer exhales with a huff of disappointment and a little bit of dread depressing down the thruster button, slowly turning to face the metal door, flying ahead and then halts. He leans into the metal with his naked nose bridge, for a fun maneuver, anticipating another shitty workday on Pluto. He and Eartha have to leave Pluto and return to face Darsha, who will be very upset, as they say.
His door opens.
He scoots across an empty hallway then stops tapping on the opposite metal with his folded fist.


Hotel Room setting
Outlaw Eartha
28:21 hours/minutes


Her door opens.
Leer screams like a little girl, waving both his arms in the air as his inertia shoves the space suit away from Eartha.
Eartha hovers in the air inside the archway wearing a sour frown, waving both of her space gloves at Leer. She sneered, “Ha, ha, not funny! I still exhibit a cold sore on my lip, right side. It throbs with pain…”
“No! Naw! Your hair…” He hollered. Leer wiggles his space glove at her hair strands. “Your hair Your hair! Your hair…”
She reaches up and strokes her hair. She frowned, “Yeah! Yeah! My hair has grown long and longer, and longest almost down to my ass. Your hair is flowing over your shoulder blades. I look just you as the heated elements from the River of Lava...”
“No!” He shouted. “Naw! Your hair is colored in black.”
She gasps in shock. She shouted, “What!” Eartha swiftly spins around in the air pressing the thruster button forward, flying through the air and into the refresher station and then halts. She screams in pain. Then Eartha screams again. Leer flies inside her room halting in the middle of the room, hovering in the air and wears a worried brow.
Inside the bathroom setting, Eartha screamed for a third time with a loud echo. “My blonde hair is colored in rich black. How did this happen? The herpes simplex virus, it changed my hair color into rich black. Why me?” She flies backward from the refresher station, swinging around with a sad face and a stream of tears of defeat, failure, and worry, regarding her personal changed appearance. She inherited the blonde locks from her mom. Now, the sorry-ass Earth medication has morphed her appearance into ugly from pretty.
He smiled. “I don’t know. I guess so. But it’ll be okay. When we return back home to the Pond, you will be normal.”
She smiled, “Really?”
He grinned, “I guess so. I don’t know. It is normal inside the Pond.” Leer spins around in the air and wears a puzzled brow, pressing the thruster button forward, flying through the air, out the archway. He sails in the air, down the hallway, seeing the hotel lobby.


Hotel Hallway setting
28:28 hours/minutes


Eartha presses the thruster button forward wearing a sad face, sailing through the archway, following behind the back spine of Leer. She sails down an empty hallway into the lobby setting following slightly behind the left shoulder on Leer, in silence. She looks down at the clean, frozen lava-coated floor, without seeing the open archway of the vacuum room. The non-busy hallway shines in the pretty colors of lava particles, without a set of artificial overhead lamps or the light rays of the solar sun on Pluto, without employees.
The Outlaw trip to Pluto has been a disaster. Her life is more of a disaster.


Hotel vacuum room (lobby to outer space)
28:35 hours/minutes (early morning)


Leer stops and hovers in front of the glass door on the vacuum chamber, trying to be a good Outlaw, reaching out and pulls back the old fashioned door handle. The interior glass door almost hit his face as it jerks opened. He sails inside first and hovers in the middle of the vacuum chamber, seeing the world of Pluto through the forward transparent glass. The old mechanics moan like a set of ghosts, expelling the oxygen molecules, flooding the compartment with outer space air. The exterior glass door does not open.
Leer shoves the glass with his space hand, sailing through the air and halted over the small slab of concrete, waiting on Eartha. He does not want to leave her behind at the hotel. They must ride on the crazy trolley kart, again, back to the Northern Polar Axis.
Inside the lobby setting, Eartha stops and hovers in front of the glass door of the vacuum chamber, slamming it with her space glove feeling both angry and frustration. The interior glass door on the vacuum does not open. She exhales with a puff of annoyance, reaching out and grabs the old fashioned door handle, pulling it into her face. The door jerks open. She sails inside and hovers in the middle of the vacuum chamber, seeing the back spine of Leer. The old mechanics moan like a set of ghosts, expelling the oxygen molecules, flooding the compartment with outer space air. The exterior glass door does not open. She exhales with a puff of frustration, reaching out and grabs the door handle, pulling it back into her face. The interior door opens.
Eartha wiggles sideways in the air waves coming from the vacuum room, without hitting Leer, sending him into the River of Lava and then she stops in mid-air. She hovers beside Leer over the slab of concrete scanning the River of Lava for a sailing trolley kart.


Trolley Ride
Eighth Band, River of Lava
28:48 hours/minutes


Leer hovers over the small slab of concrete, in front of the hotel building, looking at Pluto for the last time. He said, “We take one of the sailing trolleys up to the North Pole Axis, again. The last trip almost killed me before. But this is it for us and Pluto…”
She frowned. “You didn’t have to word it like that.”
“We need to fly around the hotel building and take the trolley kart on the eighth band, instead of the tenth band. This is the half way point for the tenth band. My heart cannot take another half curve around an entire planet.” He said. He presses the thruster button forward slowly turning to the side of the building, flying in the air down the side of the building. The Northern Polar Axis galactic winds bat and then beat upon his space suit. He presses the thruster button further down swiftly flying through the invisible fierce winds.
Eartha presses the thruster button forward swiftly turning to the side, flying in the air and follows behind Leer. His bigger space suit cuts off the galactic winds on her space suit.
The River of Lava looms ahead.
Leer stops in mid-air, floating up and down, watching the River of Lava.
A trolley kart slowly bobs side to side sailing down the pretty River of Lava to them holding a set of two concrete boxes on the front and the rear edge of the slab. The concrete box does not hold a dead body, only stinky shit and other garbage items. However, the two concrete boxes do keep the trolley kart balanced without tipping over.
Leer presses the thruster button forward, flying over the river from Eartha first and then hovers over the floor, pressing down the gravity button. He falls down into a perfect empty spot between the two concrete boxes of sewer shit from Building 991. He wiggles side to side, resting sideways between his back spine and his buttocks as the trolley wobbles gently side to side.
Eartha sees Leer. He is resting comfortably on top of the trolley floor. She presses the thruster button forward flying over the River of Lava and hovers over the same kart. She presses down the gravity button, rolling and sliding between the frontal space suit of Leer and the rear of the concrete box of shit, smelling the stinky odor inside the filter of the space suit in silence as the trolley kart rolls over the River of Lava at very slowly.
His space suit rests in a sandwiched pose between the heavy concrete box with the label 1616 and the side space suit on Earth for the upcoming crazy wild river ride around the even numbered bands and back up to the warehouse floor.
Eartha stares into the blackness of outer space at the twinkling stars and wears a blank face, feeling both happy about Leer beside her and angry about her terrible Outlaw behavior. She was trying really hard to impress Leer with her brains and her beauty. However, her brains are scattered and confused with the completed but unresolved Outlaw assignment, a missing child. Her beauty is completed altered with a head of black colored hair and an ugly red colored swollen cold sore on her upper lip, right-side. Now, the Outlaw assignment has become more challenging with two more missing people on Pluto, a total of three.
Eartha exhales with a puff of defeat and as her eyeballs shifts to see the white rough concrete. She said through the transmitter with a soft tone into the eardrums of Leer, “I know you don’t know me that well, Leer.”
“Three years and some hours,” He chuckled, resting on his side.
“I do have a good explanation of my non-outlaw behavior.”
“You were very aggressive here on our shared and failed outlaw assignment on Pluto.”
“I worked on Jupiter.”
He exhaled. “I know that. The entire office knows that too.”
She exhaled. “Yeah, Jupiter is the fun place in the galaxy. Family units go there for fun and entertainment, mostly of the amusement parks are designed for the family unit.”
He exhaled, seeing her space metal on the suit. “I know that too. I visited there a lot as a kid and as a teen.”
“There are gambling casinos too.”
“I know that too. I went with my dad but lost some bits. Then we left. My dad worked too hard to lose his working pay as an Outlaw.”
She said. “I understand that concept. The casinos attracted lots of different types of humans. Some wanna play for a few minutes and lose some. Some wanna play for days and lose everything.”
“The casino establishment or the owner of the casino doesn’t stop it or do something to prevent that last situation.
“Nope, the owners get all the non-awarded bits from the numerous casino games, which are owned by a few private businesses on Jupiter.”
He chuckled, “The richest assholes in the galaxy.”
She giggles. “Yup, Jupiter is. Anyways, the humans that stay and play the casino games end up losing all their bits, their house, their wives, their property, their children, and their lives.”
“Yeah, so I’ve heard that, too.” Leer frowned. Eartha is about to spill her guts about her personal family unit and her teen life on Jupiter. His childhood friend Tean believes Eartha as a nice girl. She is pretty and smart. However, Eartha was still born and raised as a nasty earthling.
Eartha said. “Her grandfather was one of those life-time gamblers.”
He frowned at the shiny metal on her space suit. “How do you know that?”
She giggled. “I can spot that type of human from the Rings of Uranus. I worked as an Outlaw on Jupiter. There were lots of Outlaws on the planet. Some of the Outlaws were designated to take care of all the problem guests. I was in the other group to patrol on foot through the casinos or on top of a cloud scooter to watch for trouble. Then I would call for the other Outlaw.”
“That must’ve been hard.”
“Not really, I enjoyed my Outlaw job at first. It just got old and routine. I would see a happy family unit having fun inside the different amusement parks, which made me happy too. Then I would see the opposite end where an old human sat on top of a stool at one of the gambling table as a life time gambler, which made me sad.”
He smiled. “O! So, that was your reason for leaving the Jupiter Outlaw program. I heard that they paid very well for an Outlaw.”
She cleared her throat, “Yeah, they do. However, the Outlaws, who toss from the ship and then space all the troublemakers got the most bits. I wasn’t that kind of girl. But based on all my experience on Jupiter, her grandfather was a gambler and get lucky, winning a jackpot of bits.”
“So, that’s lucky for him and his granddaughter. He shared it with her and her great granddaughter.”
“Yeah, sorta, I believe that there is more, thou. I don’t wanna you to think that I am mean or vile about this criminal investigation.”
He smiled. “I don’t think that, Eartha. I’m actually learning a lot about criminals and crime, since inside the Great Dark Spot is close to zero or more less a negative ten.”
She exhaled. “Here goes, if her grandfather finally had gotten lucky with the big jackpot of bits, unless her grandfather had a good lawyer or a bitchy wife, then one of the more colorful Jupiter natives probably intervened.”
“What? I don’t understand. What does that mean?”
“There is another lifestyle in on the dark side of Jupiter, inside the Great Red Spot. The thugs. The murders. The con men. The burglars. There is a special unit of Outlaws that handle and take care of that special group of thieves too. That wasn’t me. Within that life style, the thugs both rule and reign, like a set of ancient time kings, unless you carry a gun, or your kid is a big badass with a gun. I’m theorizing here. But Doil mentioned that her married husband died in Jupiter.”
He exhaled. “Yeah, I’m following and listening.”
“Her married husband heard about the big winning jackpot and murdered her grandfather in cold blood with his gun.”
“Naw, not possible.”
“Yes, very probably on Jupiter.”
He frowned. “Where’s your evidence? I am sorry. You don’t have to answer that. We’re off the Outlaw case, now.”
She exhaled. “I wanna answer it. I want you to hear this. Her grandfather wins the jackpot. The husband murdered her grandfather. When there is a murder on Jupiter, the body is space immediately. There is not a judge, a jury, or a lawyer. Murder is easy to trace due to the bullet which travels through the human body and keeps going and going and going until something fatter or harder stops it in flight.”
He smiled. “I know that. The application of gun fire in space creates combustion. The combustion concept, rapid oxidation of chemical compounds gives off heat and chemical byproducts. A pinch of black colored gun powder contains its own oxidizing agents, so they still ignite and propel the bullet out from a smoking hot barrel. The muzzle velocity is fast and steady. However, the low gravity gunpowder within outer space is not as efficient as planetary room-temperature gunpowder. So, keep your Outlaw-issued hand gun near your dick. Or watch someone blow your dick off, when there’s no burn inside your space gun from the non-spent gun powder. So, keep your gun and your bullets inside your warm body or inside your warm vessel and only take out and use to fire at the enemy that might be firing back at you.
“Combustion is hot. A planetary landlocked hand gun cools off fast. There is no convection time limit in outer space. Here, a gun is very cold at first and then it heats very fast, after firing the bullet. The cooling time is hours, sometimes days for thirty rounds of bullets from a hand gun.
“Keep your gun rusty, too. At low temperatures, within landmasses plus outer space, the uncoated metal will adhere to the same metal. It is called a cold-welding or a cold wedding of the bolt and the barrel,” he laughed. “The slide and frame can wear off the rusty parts. So, the gun is made of dissimilar metals.
“Space moves like planets, stars, ships, and people. So, your smoking bullet travels at 1,300 miles-per-second, it will smash into the first target with the force of an old fashioned war cannon ball or it might never touch the first target within outer space. An object in motion remains in motion until an external force is applied to it, earthling Newton’s first law of motion.
“Your bullet will travel at the exact muzzle velocity, until it hits something. You must quickly calculate the unknowable amounts of orbital and gravitational perturbations. Or you will shoot yourself in the ass, if in orbit,” Leer laughed.
He smiled. “The third law of physics from earthling Newton, for every action, there is an equal or opposite reaction. The recoil on the hand gun, every time, you fire is much, much worser in zero gravity, because there is nothing behind your ass. In zero gravity, the smaller recoil from a gun will send the shooter kart-wheeling backward into the star ship or into outer space, if the shooter is really stupid or really rushed like an enemy. So, you should attach your outer space body to a firing platform.”
Eartha exhaled. “Yeah, you understand the concept of gunpowder and guns, too. My theory, her husband shot a single bullet and then it killed more than just her biological grandfather, traveling 1,300 miles-per-second through the dense atmosphere of the Great Red Spot on Jupiter until it hit lots of something soft, fat, and finally hard.”
He snorted. “That’s one way to get spaced.”
She said. “He wasn’t an expert with gunpowder. That’s a common problem among a set of amateurs with an ancient hand gun which is really sad, since some many people own their 149-year-old, dead, great-great grandma’s hand gun from a sorry-ass planet Earth, a long, long time ago.”
“So, Doil’s legally married husband was caught and spaced. Why did she move here to Pluto then?”
She frowned. “A sin belongs to the father and the son and the grandson and the great grandson…”
“O,” he frowned. “I see clearly. She was reprimand by the assholes rich business owners of Jupiter. I’m not shocked or surprised. Jupiter is the entertainment planet. You don’t wanna bad PR associated with the fun hot spot in the universe and it ain’t the solar sun.”
“Yeah.”
He exhaled. “It was her grandfather and her husband that died from a crime and she and her daughter were punished.”
“Pretty much.”
He exhaled. “That’s so sad.”
“That sucks.”
“So, what is your new outlaw working theory with the three missing people on Pluto?”
“The neighbor’s husband did it.”
“How so? He didn’t own a personal birdie to escape from Pluto. He can’t be found anywhere on Pluto. And we looked in a lot of different places. And we interviewed all the important suspects and all the key eye witness like inside my detective stories on my palmer. We followed all the vague leads too.”
“Yeah, I know. He ain’t on Pluto.”
He frowned then exhaled. “Yes, no, how do you figure this is so?”
“Well, I don’t piece it together, until we met the neighbor named Gladkit, who was the ‘bestest’ friend of Doil and a native girl of Jupiter. Let me tattle here. All the native girls of Jupiter are not a pair of nice and kind belles, but a pair of nasty and daring darlings. They would sell their mom and her frozen carbon jewelry to get off of Jupiter. Most of the natives work inside the amusement parks and the casinos. It is honest work for the honest human…”
“Right toe. I see and understand, also. Some humans don’t wanna work but wanna live the easy and simple life, without paying and sacrificing for it. Maybe, some of the native girls just wanted to get married and do nothing for the rest of their days and night.” He frowned.
Eartha wants to do that with him, since his parents have won the Fire Star award, three times. His biological parents had worked hard and got lucky as they were awarded for being honest with no killings inside the Pond. They also live within the relaxed and rich live in Quarter RR. Leer has figured out Eartha. She is hoping and opining for the same similar lifestyle in Quarter RR, if he is ever awarded the Fire Star, too. He is not a dumb Water Boy and she is not an ugly Water Girl, either.
Eartha cleared her dry throat and said with a whisper, “Yeah, some do.”
“I see that too.”
She said, “Anyways, then we interviewed the hospital physician that didn’t know what a palmer was. Then the clues started to make me dizzy. There were too many scattered parts. Then the scattered parts formed a completed picture for me.”
“My picture is not completed. What’s the completed picture here on Pluto?” Leer smirked.
Eartha is a smart girl that uses her brain and her beauty, but she is a nasty earthling proving her unworthiness here on the current Outlaw assignment. Yes, Darsha will fire her first thing, if Eartha resigns second.
Eartha whispered, “The husband neighbor Mr. Hapten and Mrs. Doil had developed a backup plan with the pot of bits for moving back home to Jupiter. Honestly, who, with a sane mind, would live the rest of their life on Pluto?”
“I see that point.”
“Since Mrs. Doil was Mrs. Doil, she could not return and live back on her home world of Jupiter as Mrs. Doil. But Mrs. Doil was going to become Mrs. Hapten, before he went up missing on Pluto.”
“Right toe. Did Mrs. Doil kill her own daughter to marry the missing and mysterious Mr. Hapten?”
“No, he had the brain tumor operation along with his biological three year old daughter and kidnapped three year old Evatisha, after her brain tumor operation like a crime, but not a crime.”
He frowned, “The neighbor did it that inside one of my detective novels, too. Explain that each one of them had a brain tumor with a medical operation? That could not be planned by anyone.”
“I can’t explain it. However, all the brain tumor operations worked within his overall evil plan. Mummery told us that all the plutonians get a brain tumor, coming from the lava dust or the lava particles or the pretty lava dots that flow over the twenty six rivers around the planet. They affect a human, always, during their long life living here.”
He gasped. “Right two. We’ve been here for one or two days or nights or the equal of six days to Earth, Eartha. I’m going to catch a brain tumor too…”
“We are fine, Outlaw Leer. The plutonians are the natives, who lived here, since the year 2053. We have been here for about four days or so, based on Earth time.”
He laughed, “Right toe. I’m still healthy and fertile but…”
“But what? We have solved the mystery, too late.”
“Why didn’t you tell me all this new information, yesterday? You figured it out, Eartha, based on all your past experiences with Jupiter and the natives there.”
“I don’t know. It wasn’t a crime of murder. It was a crime of social injustice. We don’t punish social injustice. We don’t punish anyone if the male runs away with the daughter or the spoon or the cow.”
He chuckled, “Right toe. We only punish, when blood is spilled over the clean kitchen floor. What are you going to do now?” The trolley kart violently tilts side to side bouncing up and down wildly over the rough waves of the river. “Enjoy the ride, until it ends.” She screamed and then held her breathe, calming her heart beat and a racing pulse rate.
The trolley kart sails over the River of Lava on top of the eighth band working the speed up towards 60,000 miles-per-hour. The glittering lava gel particles lap and slosh over the edges of the concrete slab of the trolley kart, sticking and dropping back down into the River of Lava.
The violent centripetal force pushes the two space suits back and forth against the rough concrete box and each other. The concrete boxes are anchored by a layer of glittering gel that secures the base of the shipment as the trolley kart soars up and over each even numbered colored band and around the planet.
Leer closes his two eyelids counting out the seconds while occupying his scared mind. He whispered, “One Mississippi…”
Eartha closes her two eyelashes feeling the rush of the wind against her boots, hearing the beat of her heart and closed her mind to the end of her job as an Outlaw in the Great Dark Spot. She will become fired on the wet spot as the other Neptunians enjoy teasing, since their home is a pond of water.
Leer whispered for his eardrums only with a pair of closed eyelids. “Two Mississippi…”
She does not bother counting off the miles or the seconds into the eardrums of Leer, within her space helmet, opening her two eyelashes, seeing the dark sky. The stars twinkle and dash by her eyeballs, like a set of flying yellow colored fireflies. The blackness of outer space calms her worried mind as the shaky trolley upsets her weak stomach.
Leer whispered for his eardrums only with closed eyelids. “Three Mississippi…”
She bounces back and forth into Leer and the rear of the concrete box without damaging the new space suit. The space suit is durable, not fragile. The wild crazy ride continues over another curvature of the planet.
Leer whispered for his eardrums only with a pair of closed eyelids. “Four Mississippi…”


Northern Polar Axis
Warehouse floor setting
28:48 hours/minutes


The trolley kart jolts to a halt sailing around the first band on the northern polar axis.
Eartha whispered for her eardrums only. “Four point thirty nine seconds…” She rests on top of the rough floor for the last time, feeling Leer. He depresses the gravity button wiggling and then shuffles beside her, floating upwards into outer space. He moves off the trolley floor. Eartha feels cold.
Leer twists side to side, up righting into a stance in outer space in silence. He presses the thruster button down sailing in the air, over an empty warehouse floor, through the two skinny poles, and hits the open outer space waves. He does not stop flying toward the Beetle ship while readying to leave Pluto and then visits his boss Darsha on Neptune.
Eartha depresses the gravity button floating up in outer space, seeing the commotion.
Leer is moving inside the co-pilot side of the open cargo bay. He does not remove his space suit, within outer space deadly molecules. He is both mad and angry with her now. She does not want to hear his whining and rumblings for three hours plus all the way back to the Pond.
She presses the thruster button forward at maximum, twisting to the side and then into a standing pose, sailing above the trolley kart, over the silly warehouse structure of four skinny poles, and into the depths of outer space. She is only traveling a short distance through outer space for a quick burst of the gears inside her space suit, soaring into the open hatchway of the cargo bay to change out of her space suit and prepare for the ride back to Neptune to meet Darsha.


Beetle Starship location
28:51 hours/minutes


Leer stands in front of the open cargo bay door, on the pilot’s side, studying a series of gray smears, identified by Eartha as the ship prints from a rebel space pirate. It looks like a set of permanent colored gray marks to Leer, who has performed tons of yellowish blue flame-burns on top of numerous space ports as a young teen pilot.
The cargo bay doors close shut. Then the embedded bulbs illuminate with light for sight, and the vents flood pockets of breathable air, within a low gravity atmosphere, inside the enclosed cargo bay for both the Outlaws.
Eartha has entered and then closed the doors shut. She stands beside the wall panel jerking back her naked hand. She presses the button as her space suit pops open with a set of soft tings. The space suit hangs in the air. She shoves the item through the low gravity air waves toward the storage locker. She expressed, “Should I clean it up, before returning it back into the locker?”
Leer presses the button as his space suit pops open with a set of soft tings. He jumps down shoving the space to the storage locker. He presents a stern face and a heavy heart for complete failure of the Outlaw assignment. He suggested, “Naw. The cleanup machines handle that task, after we land and then leave the Beetle ship at the docking bay.”
She back steps grabbing the floating space suit from Leer, shoving it into the open storage locker also. Eartha stated, “My other space suit was both useless and damaged. I ended up vacuuming it into outer space, after it exploded inside the cargo bag. I couldn’t get any of the snapping latches to pop open without bodily destruction to me. I would guess that one or more of the space pirates will come along and collect it for junk or scrape.” She back steps and then reaches out slapping the button. Normal gravity atmosphere returns back inside the starship. Eartha lands on to of the soft carpet along with Leer.
He frowned. “Yeah, that’s a good explanation and one least yelling point from hot-headed Darsha. I am sorry.”
She nodded with a frown. “No problem.”
A sharp ear-piercing sound blasts outside, within outer space and over the top of the rooftop, on the Beetle starship. Leer spins around with a worried brow to see the closed hatchway on the pilot’s side. He hollered, “What’s that noise?”
She gasps in alarm and looks up to see the metal ceiling on the ship. She replied with a worried brow. “That’s a shrieking sound of a flame-burn stream coming from a flying Birdie of space pirate.”
He gasps in shock and looks up at the ceiling of the Beetle too. He yelled, “A space pirate Birdie is located here on top of the hanging space dock platform with us. I wanna see it up close and personal. I’m never seen one on the ground, only in the sky.” He drops down on top of the soft carpet, on his hands and his kneecaps, turning towards the co-pilot tunnel.
Eartha races ahead then jumps from the floor landing on top of his back spine, like she is mounting a horse. She hollered, “No!”
He falls down onto the carpet sounding with a grunt. He screamed, “Ugh! Get off of me, Eartha!”
She leaps off from his back spine then stands upright dashing to the side wall panel and then powers up a smaller palmer screen. The palmer screen displays on the bottom of the wall panel for entertainment programs for children or low-lying adults. She squats down on her kneecaps on top of the carpet and watches the space pirate Birdie. Eartha shouted, “No! Come over here! Look at the space pirate Birdie through the exterior palmer screen of the pilot side of Beetle ship. We’re Outlaws. Space pirates hate Outlaws and kill us, if they know that we’re here alongside them. We could die and mark our two gray ashes with our flesh right here on the hanging space port platform of Pluto. Don’t move! Don’t breathe, Leer! Some of the stolen Birdies are newer models. And depending upon this boy or this girl’s intention, the pilot might sunburn our cargo hold too as Darsha finally finds two separate heated bodies inside a burnt Beetle ship, during a strange visit to Pluto. Only the space pirates will…”
“Enough of the horror tale, Eartha!” He expressed. Leer spins around with a sneer and crawls over the floor, scooting next to her cheekbone. He wears a worried brow and watches the palmer screen too. “I’m silent.”
Outside the parked Beetle ship, the exterior palmer screen shows.

A space pirate Birdie in multi-colors of green, indigo, maroon, and yellow, inside a series of diamond shaped pipes, hovers in the air and then lands on top of the hanging space dock platform next to the Beetle, without killing the flames from the rear end of the smaller starship.

Eartha taps on the palmer screen. She stated, “Do you see? The stoker flame is running and smearing a long pretty plume of yellow and blue fire over the white concrete. It will dry within the outer space molecules, after the Birdie lifts the platform leaving and making a long gray mark. Actually, the mark is really colored in rich black but most of the burning and burnt concrete particles fly off, turning the surface gray colored. That’s an illegal flame-burn. But I guess Pluto doesn’t care or mind about the permanent gray marks. And I see that all the permanent gray marks are on the platform, interesting enough, only in one spot.”
He nodded. “Right toe. You thought that one or more the space pirates had delivered all the illegal medications from Earth to Taradiddle.”
She exhaled. “That is a fact, not a guess. The herpes simplex virus comes directly from Planet Earth, where the only manufacturer comes from an infected human and then goes to madman Taradiddle via the space pirate, since all products and supplies are illegal to ship from Earth. So, the space pirate receives it there and delivers it here to Taradiddle for each the brain tumor operation.”
He frowned. “And Taradiddle has saved thousands and thousands precious lives of plutonians.”
“Yeah, I learned.” She exhaled. “This platform is a drop off or an exchange point of something. Space pirates get fresh food and sometimes bits for an exchange of a dead body or a piece of space junk that they collected from the outer space waves, which is legal and free, of course.”
“A swell system of cleaning up all the space annoying junk inside our lovely cold and the black colored celestial body of space.” He smiled. “Right toe. So, that explains our shipment of fresh food, during our naptime, yesterday afternoon, coming from Planet Uranus to here on Planet Pluto, which was not delivered by a star freighter, but a tiny space pirate ship.”
She said. “Yeah, I came to that same conclusion, too. The fresh food shipments are for all the hungry natives and the greedy space pirates, but Taradiddle is saving lives. He’s a brilliant man and talented medical surgeon.”
“Why he is waiting there on the platform? A space pirate always wears or changes into a space suit to retrieve the dead body or the space junk.”
“For some other foolish plutonian to ride on top of that crazy trolley kart over the River of Lava at 60,000 miles-per-hour to deliver a something from Taradiddle in celebration of all his successful brain tumor surgeries for the morning.”
He frowned. “Why? That makes no sense, Earth. The ship is docked here. The shipment is docked here at warehouse. That’s the purpose of an outer space warehouse to house the wares.”
She gasped. “Yeah, you’re right.”
He nodded with a stern face. “Yeah, I am right.”
“Then someone is riding up the River of Lava to deliver a pot of bits.”
“Yeah, a house of wares.”
She frowned. “But I don’t see any wares. I see a sitting flame-burning starship. So, we wait and watch. We can’t leave from here anyways, without alerting him to our Outlaw presence.”
Within the outer space environment, the exterior palmer screen on the side of the Birdie shows.

A solo space suit of glittering gel of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava particles appears to fly above the warehouse office in outer space soaring over the roof-less warehouse, sailing directly to the space pirate Birdie.

He frowned. “We should have done that. We should have flown up the planet and through outer space from the hotel back to the warehouse, instead of riding inside that crazy wild trolley kart.”
She frowned. “We couldn’t. Our Outlaw-issued old-fashion space suits are not made for an atmosphere run through the stratosphere, only a starship twirl in outer space for a few hours. There exists a set of planet mining space suits with a set of two huge air tanks and a series of three thruster packs on the skull and both the foot pads for rescue and work.”  
He pointed the screen. “Here comes the plutonian, is that Renato?”
She said. “I would guess so. He is the administrator of Pluto and handles all the administrative activates. And when we met him, he was floating around in his silly wiggling lava-coated space suit. How is that possible for a human to wear something that is not metal, but appears organic to me? I’m glad that I don’t have to see his smiling face again. They all smile here, all the time.”
He laughed. “You can tell that to Darsha.”
She frowned. “Yeah, I will. And no one frowns, either. They’re happy here, all the time, too.”
He chuckled. “The male hospital physician didn’t smile when I rammed into that set of locked operating room door. That was fun, the only fun point of this entire visit.”
Eartha and Leer continue to sit side by side on top of the carpet, watching the palmer screen inside the Beetle. Within the outer space environment, the exterior palmer screen on the side of the Birdie shows.

The solo space suit of glittering gel of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava particles swing around to see the face mask on the plutonian.

Eartha gasped in shock. “That’s Mummery! She is inside the wiggling gel suit flying through outer space. And she has landed on top of the hanging space port platform. Now, she is floating around to the side of the Birdie. Now, the passenger hatchway of the Birdie is opening. Now, she is getting into a Birdie along with a space pirate.”
He laughed. “She said that there were no exports from Pluto. She’s the object that is exporting or exiting Pluto. That’s categorized as an export or an exit…”
“Why’s she riding with a space pirate inside a Birdie? The Birdie model is older, not newer.”
He smiled. “Right toe. She’s pretty. She’s short. She’s young. She’s smart. She’s lonely. She’s got a boyfriend. It ain’t our business…”
She gasped. “It is our business.”
“We’re off the case.”
“We’re on the case.”
“We go home.”
“We go and follow the Birdie.”
“I say no.”
Eartha smiled, “I say yes.”
He slaps his palm down to the carpet watching medical surgeon Purry Mummery get into the Birdie. He announced, “I’m co-pilot, now!”
She nodded with a giggle. “Right toe! I’m pilot here now!”
He turned and gasped at Eartha. “No, I fly us home. No, I mean, I’m the pilot to fly us home, since you’re…”
She smirks with an eyebrow lift and then announced. “No, you’ll fly us into the one of windmill blades, by mistake. Everyone knows that you can’t pilot a starship, Leer. How many times did you miss the vortex tunnel, last night? Let’s see the gossip pool is about three,” she laughs.
He gasped in shock. “What?”
“How many times did you perform an F-bomb over the invisible vortex winds on flame-burn last night, after returning back to the Pond from the Outlaw Dinner and Dance? Was it two or three or four?” She chuckled.
Leer turns back and wears a sour frown, studying the palmer screen. He announced, “Now, the space pirate is flying Mummery to his secret lair for a secret lazy afternoon, somewhere here on Pluto. Thus, you and I go back home to the Pond now. You and me gotta face Darsha eventually...”
“No, he’s flying her and his Birdie in the wrong direction.”
“He’s making a U-turn.”
She frowned. “You do not make a U-turn in outer space. I told you before that you land a ship in the direction of your next take-off, because it saves a smear of flame-burn on top of the precious space port platform. Fire burns and scorches everything it touches, including metal, material, and flesh. Some of the space ports report the pilot and then file for massive amounts of bits for an outstanding and dangerous flame-burn.”
He whispered with a frown. “I know.”
She hears the deep sigh from Leer. Eartha announced. “Of course, Leer would know. I bet your parents paid through the ass for your accidentally blue and yellow colored flame-burns inside one or more the space docks of Jupiter as a careless teen. I should know, because I was assigned to investigate a couple of those interestingly, beautifully, and lengthy yellow and blue flame-burns. And I talked to your mom about them inside the Great Dark Spot, one time.”
He turned with a gasp to see her nose profile, “Naw!”
She smiles and stares at the space pirate Birdie on the palmer screen. She laughed, “Yeah! I did, too. Now, we follow them.” She gasps in shock. “They’re lifting off and flying down to the Southern Polar Axis.”
He returns and frowns at the palmer screen. Leer shouted, “Naw! No! There’s nothing down there in the south but death a-waiting for us and them.”
She smiled. “You should write poetry, Leer.”
“You should fly us back home to Neptune, now, pilot.”
“No, I wanna know why Mummery is dating and flying with a space pirate. No one dates a space pirate for a social reason, only a criminal reason. This is extremely dangerous for her. So, we go and save her life.”
“She seems like a smart girl.”
“She seems like a nice girl.” Eartha frowned. “Not!” She slowly spins around on her hands and her kneecaps crawling towards the pilot tunnel. She ordered with a stern command. “We’re going to investigation this delicate matter and save Mummery from the nasty space pirate, Darsha.”
Leer stares at the single stoker engine, in the rear of the older Birdie, and then exhales with a sour frown. He expressed, “Come back here right now, Eartha!”
Eartha yelled inside the tunnel tube as her words echoed through the metal and into the cargo bay, since she didn’t possess the space jumpsuit with the built-in transmitter. “Come and drag me out of the pilot’s seat! Then you can fly us home, Leer.” She laughs as her laughter echoes down the tunnel into Leer’s eardrums.
He lifts both his palms near his sour frown then slaps them down over the sissy soft plutonians outfit, grunting in defeat. Leer hollered, “Eartha!”
She yelled as her words echoed through the narrow pilot tunnel, “I’m in my seat, powering up the flames of burning fire, Co-pilot Leer!”
Leer feels the warm molecules on the carpet coming from all the fire pipes located underneath the belly of the Beetle. A blazing fire does not carry a sound or a rumble, like a traditional rocket ship or automobile engine. He frowned “Uh!” He spins around and drops down on both his hands and his kneecaps swiftly crawling ahead towards the co-pilot tunnel tube and enters the cold tunnel, pedaling over the hard metal floor.
The flame engines are burning through the pipes for takeoff launch within seconds. If Leer does not get to the co-pilot chamber, before the takeoff launch, then he’ll be flying inside a warm space suit on the top of cold cargo bay floor. The co-pilot chamber is both isolated and insulted a human from the coldness of outer space and the hotness of the flame engines.
He swiftly shuffles ahead and then climbs up into the co-pilot chair, wiggling his ass into a comfortable pose, strapping on the webbing over his body, before the swift takeoff. He slapped the communication link. Leer shouted, “I’m belted in.”
Eartha slaps the interior button for communication, since both of their space jumpsuits are hanging inside a wardrobe closet, at the Pluto warehouse, and lost on Pluto. She does not feel like stopping by the warehouse office for a nice visit and to retrieve the space jumpsuit, neither does Leer.
She said with a smile. “Did you say something, Outlaw? You gotta hit the interior button for a communication string. Our space jumpsuits have been donated to Pluto, permanently.” She laughs, “I hope someone possesses your height, Leer. So far, all the males are very short, except for Taradiddle.”
He slapped the communication button and then laughed, “Ha! Ha! I’m in the seat.”
She warned, “I’m going.” She presses the button as the flame-burn engines ignites. The Beetle starship blazes without the clear pipes in the colors of red, green, blue, yellow, pink, orange, and black slowly lifting up and then launches in silence from the hanging space port platform, retracting up a set of the four stubby legs back into the underbelly of the ship. The Beetle slowly sails over the platform, without shooting out a flame from the two stoker engines, flying underneath the bright stars, barely scooting forward through the molecules of outer space.
Flame-burn technology is a remarkable science in the year 2199 allowing a starship to zoom over the outer space molecules within seconds, after igniting a teardrop-shaped fireball. Fire in outer space never goes out as it keeps going and going with a set of oxygen feeds.
Leer growls with impatient, since he really desires to go home to face the music, the conductor of the band, and all the band musicians for the failed Outlaw assignment. His Outlaw co-workers will become both shocked and disappointed in Leer’s Outlaw performance on Planet Pluto. Leer did not kill a life form here. So, he is still in the running for the Fire Star award, the beginning of the new season, making his parents very pride. However, he feels the other Outlaws will become really shocked and angry at Eartha for screwing up the Neptune Outlaw assignment and embarrassing the entire Neptune Outlaw Division with an off-site job.
He sneers inside the co-pilot seat, watching bright stars in blackness of the outer space. Leer observed, “We’re going really slowly through the outer space molecules, pilot.”
Silence invades the palmer speaker box.
Eartha steers the Beetle and wears a wicked grin through outer space, slowly turning the ship in the other direction, without drawing attention to the distance space pirate. The Birdie is a sophisticated piece of starship technology with a super-heated flame-engine system, a cockpit is designed for one pilot and sometimes one passenger.
“No space jumpsuit!” Leer hollered. He tosses both of his naked palms near a sour frown hitting the communication button again. He sneered. “Move the ship faster, pilot! My mom bakes cookies faster than this.”
She hits the communication button twice, so that the speaker stays open for all vocal messages, good or nasty. The pilot laughed, “Yeah, thanks for the compliment, co-pilot. I’m tracking a tiny dot on the ship’s palmer. Can you see it on your palmer unit?”
Silence invades the palmer speaker box.
She completes a circle flying towards the southern polar axis but not too close to the space pirate’s Birdie. The pilot explained, “And hit the communication button twice for repetitive voice patterns.”
“Yeah, yeah, I hit it twice. Yeah, yeah, I see on my palmer too. Then what?”
“We stay back and see if that nasty space pirate Birdie runs down the vertical length of Pluto and then shoots off to one of other moons.”
“A moon run, what for?”
“For his flying fun,” She giggled. “It could be a moon run for some illegal merchandise. Then we don’t give a damn, Leer.”
“Right toe,” he shouted. Leer taps on the palmer screen of the ship in front of his chest, on the console, enlarging the picture. “What’s that? I’m seeing a great big dot.”
She stated with a puzzled brow. “Hmm! I believe it’s a great big object, like another hanging space port docking platform, on the other side of Pluto.”
He frowned. “Why’s there a second docking port on the southern polar axis? I heard Renato say that only death lives here in the south of Pluto.”
“Good question to ask! Let’s find out and tattle tale to Renato and Darsha.”
He frowned. “We find out with curiosity and then we go home. My working theory is that Pluto is expanding its base operations. The rich plutonians live on the nineteenth band. There’re only twenty six of those bands based on Renato and our day’s science lesson of Pluto. That means there are only seven more bands. Someone is exploiting or exploding or expanding a new habitation of the other seven bands first. The answer, I guess so. So, let’s go home back to the Pond, now. I would to fill steamy clouds and taste fresh catch of the day.”
She steers the Beetle starship towards a second space dock platform. The pilot said with a puzzled brow. “It’s a docking port, on the Southern Polar Axis, in the air waves, like the other one on the Northern Polar Axis. How do the plutonians, without flying starships, get it to hang without a set of glide wires and metal poles in outer space like that?”
He wipes his dirty, sweaty face with both of his naked hands dropping his dirtier hands down into his lap. Leer said with a sour frown. “Eartha, you said that pilot parks the star ship in the direction of the next takeoff. Then the space pirate will be…”
“Hang on!” Eartha ordered. She jerks the wheel twirling the ship sideways within the outer space. She views the distance planet of Neptune as a tiny twinkling star.
He leans over and hit the wall with his shoulder. Leer shouted, “Whoa there, here, now! What are you doing? I’m falling sideways. My nose almost hit the block of steel. I almost got a nose bleed.”
“I turned us sideways. We’re flying sideways through space. The colored flared pipes on the belly of the Beetle will blend into the glittering gel colors of the bands of lava on the planet surface. When the space pirate passes us, he’ll think that we’re only a scattered set of pretty reflection particles, coming up from the planet and sparkling in the sky. Thus, we’re kinda disguised.”
“He will?” Leer stated. At least, he had slammed his shoulder against the bulk of steel, instead of his face, touching his nose for a blood scratch or bruised wound, feeling the soft skin.
“He will.” She stated and continues to fly the ship sideways. Eartha isn’t worried about blinding her eyeballs from the Solar Sun either. The combined sun rays are three percent of the total rays hitting on Pluto. At this great distance from the fixed Solar Sun, a pilot does not need a pair of sunglasses. The space suit is used if you are flaming your ship at excess super speeds of half-a-billion miles-per-hour.
Eartha narrows her two eyelashes at the forward twinkling stars, seeing the brightest ones, identifying in order the worlds of Neptune, Uranus, Jupiter, and all the way to Saturn. From Pluto orbit, it is hard for a human eyeball to pickup out the rotating planets of Mars and Earth from this great distance.  Eartha tilted back her neck muscles catching the larger colorful moons of Nix and Hydra and the constant firework display of the Solar System, and a comet tail coming from the Kuiper Belt.
“That’s slick!” Leer smiled. He leans his shoulder against the steel holding upright the bulk of his upper torso grunting with annoyance. His body is almost resting sideways. His eyeballs are dizzy. And his guts are flip-flipping with upcoming vomit spit from his tight throat. But he tries to be positive for Eartha. She has failed, epically and universally, on the Outlaw assignment.
She darts her eyeballs to the palmer screen inside the pilot cockpit watching the tiny space pirate’s Birdie ship on the display.
The Birdie has landed on top of the second hanging space dock platform like a functioning space port for some reason. There are two heated dots on the palmer screen, one tiny and one tinier coming from the heat signature, a metal ship and a human person. Now, the Birdie is blasting off from port flying through the outer space waves, without a care in the world, sailing very fast. The ship runs by a disguised flying Outlaw Beetle starship without an eyelid blink.
She smiled. “It’s a slick trick.”
He smiled. “You’re slick, too, Eartha.”
The space pirate’s Birdie continues to soar and splits the invisible outer space molecules, burning an orange colored flame through the atmosphere of Pluto on the far side of the primary docking platform, breaking out and away from the orbit of Pluto. The Birdie is traveling back to his secret home base somewhere deep within the Solar System.
She punches the button and steers the wheel into an upright position. Eartha said with a stern face. “We’re clear to upright and sail to the second docking platform. Let’s see what he saw.”
“New construction,” Leer laughed.
The Beetle slowly flips over and then flies upside, for her fun and his annoyance.
His body parts slam into the numerous metal parts, within the co-pilot chamber. He sneers through the communication box, “Hey! I can fly better than this.”
She giggled. “Then you can fly us home, Captain Leer.” Eartha balances the Beetle upright and then sails straight ahead through outer space towards the second space dock platform, on the Southern Polar Axis of Pluto.
“I might.” He laughed.
She punches on the console palmer for a close up image. The pilot hollered, “Zing it! I see a second warehouse that comes with a real enclosed concrete white rooftop, this time. It’s definitely a solid structure. There might be more people inside.”
He frowned. “No.”
She gasped. “Look at that on the palmer. Tap it three times for a close up. Mummery wears a glittering gel space suit, space walking through the stars. How in the universe does that glittering gel space suit work so that a human can breathe oxygen without suffocating? I can’t figure it out.”
He chuckled. “Only a plutonian knows and uses it.”
“I’m pushing the flames through the pipes to catch and then trap her inside the warehouse. The space pirate could have been sent on a new job by Mummery or something and might be coming back with company.”
“Right toe! That’s a very good point. The other good point is that we just do a quick peek-a-boo and leave, Eartha. We’re not on any new Outlaw case here, since we screwed up. Taradiddle will have our tails if we hang too long around Pluto and Darsha will get the rest of our ass if we don’t come back home to the Pond. We just had to do a flyby for a U-turn in outer space, since the pilot landed the ship on the wrong side of the space port.” He laughs.
She smiled. “I like that lie. You’re good at this.” She slows her speed approaching the second hanging space dock platform. The platform wiggles with numerous glittering in lava particles. The ship lands with a soft thud. She slaps off the flame-burn controls.
The best feature of fire technology, when the flame dies out without a new oxygen feed, the ship does not move or go or shift off any type of flat surface. However, the ship will collapse with a sound of pity and jolt any crew member around work station or the inside the co-pilot seat.
Eartha scoots from the chair then drops down into the pilot tunnel, swiftly crawling over a set of sore palms and a pair of bruised kneecaps towards the end of the tunnel with a single purpose, revenge or revelation. She hasn’t figured out which nasty word she will literally mouth spit into the face on Darsha, after the successful Outlaw mission.
Leer jerks to the side and hits the wall of steel again with a set of numerous soft body parts. He fumbles with the webbing straps on the co-pilot’s chair. He yelled with a sour frown into the communication box. “Eartha, wait on me!” His voice echoes through the co-pilot’s narrow and hollow tunnel, out into the cargo bay, and then ricochets into the pilot’s tunnel, since the fire burn controls are quiet, slowly cooling off.
She yelled back as her words echoed the order back to the eardrums of Leer. “Come on then! I wanna know what she’s doing.” She whispered for her eardrums only. “And I wanna clear my name of mud. There’s something not right here on Pluto.”
“Eartha!” Leer yelled. He fumbles around inside the co-pilot seat, removing the webbing off, falling down from the chair and into the tunnel with a heavy grunt. He yelled worry, “Eartha!”
Inside the cargo bay, she hits the smooth floor with her naked hand standing upright and spins around facing the space suit locker. This is her opportunity to find the secret that Taradiddle and Mummery are hiding from her, Leer, and the other citizens of Pluto.
Eartha believes the two girls and Ataxic Hapten are safe and sound on Planet Jupiter. Mrs. Doil has arranged a swift starship back to Planet Jupiter to join her new boyfriend. They are no longer the problem or the property of the Outlaw program. They have not committed a legal crime, only a social one by stranding Mrs. Hapten on the Pluto forever.
Inside the cargo bay, Eartha slams the button on the panel. Low gravity atmosphere hisses throughout the ship and inside the cargo bay. Now, she can grab dragging out a heavy space suit of 150 pounds.
His body floats up from the floor to the ceiling of the tunnel. Leer yelled, “Eartha, shit!” His hair roots of strawberry blonde hit the ceiling of the narrow tunnel, hand pedaling in the air from the low gravity atmosphere. “Wait for me!”
Inside the cargo bay, Eartha paddles ahead slamming into the door on the space suit locker sounding with a giggle. The space suit locker door slid open. She grabs the smaller space suit for better maneuverable.
Even in outer space, a bigger object does not have gravity but mass. She is a tall, slender person. The larger space suit provides roominess but is difficult to operate within a wild and free outer space environment. You must click numerous buttons and levers too many times to keep from wobbling side to side with space sickness. A smaller space suit fits better around her body as her tummy can handle a slow wobble in outer space.
She squats down and taps on the bottom compartment. The compartment door slides open. She reaches in and grabs a hand gun, gently tossing it up into the low gravity field then stands upright, dressing in her new and clean space suit.
Eartha had killed a human, before on Planet Earth. She isn’t afraid of using a hand gun and might need it in this dire case.
Leer has never killed any life form before, so Eartha will protect him as always, too, so he can win the Fire Star award, this season. And then she and Leer will marry. If she solves the mysterious secret of Mummery, then she will become a heroine within the pair of pretty blue eyeballs on Leer and maybe the nose snot on Darsha. Her boss Darsha does not like Eartha, and Eartha knows it too. But Eartha’s primary goal has been winning over Leer as his future wife on Neptune foreverly.
She giggles and wiggles into the arm and the leg slots, within the tighter fitting space suit, looking at row of the dirty space suits. Her used and dirty suit holds her personal palmer. She does not have time to fumble around inside the other piece of equipment. Mummery is doing something illegal inside the second warehouse. Eartha has to move quickly getting inside the mysterious warehouse to eye witness the crime first hand.
She back pedals saving both of her arms and legs slamming into the wall panel. Both the side cargo doors slide open revealing the coldness and blackness of outer space.
Leer hand-pedals in the air hitting the tunnel top sometimes and then dropping back down on top of the hard floor other times, slowly moving through the tunnel tube to the exit inside the cargo bay. Then the tunnel door closes and then locks with a loud mechanic thud.
The ship’s computer male voice states via the speaker box to humans. “Attention, there is not a gravity field inside the cargo bay. There is no air current inside the cargo bay. Attention…”
“Shit, Eartha!” Leer frowned.
Eartha had left the pilot tunnel, before him. Now, she has accessed the space suit locker, before him, too. Now, she has left the Beetle ship, space walking down to the unknown warehouse, which may hold danger or death. When she opened both the side cargo bay doors, the warning alert immediately sounded and protected Leer by closing off all the exposed openings that could be flooded with a set of outer space molecules, a death trap.
Inside the cargo bay, Eartha presses the thruster button flying backwards through outer space waves, seeing both the cargo bay doors close up. She grins. The event is an automatic response by the ship’s computer, when it detects a heat signature of a healthy human or a medical signature of an injured human. Inside the co-pilot tunnel, Leer is alright but trapped inside the co-pilot tunnel snarling in both anger and fresh air molecules.
“Attention, gravity has returned to the cargo bay. There is breathable air inside the cargo bay.” The ship’s computer male voice states via the speaker box inside the Beetle ship.
Leer falls down from the tunnel ceiling onto the floor making a soft thud, producing a loud curse. He slowly starts to crawl on a pair of sore palms and a set of bruised kneecaps to find and beat the snot outta Eartha. He hist the opening and stood upright, turning to slap the panel for a low gravity environment and the space suit locker door, at the same time. “Shit, Eartha!”


Cold, black outer space
Southern Polar Axis
Second hanging space dock platform
29:01 hours/minutes


Eartha slowly twirls around and wobbles sideways within outer space, pressing the thruster button down to the maximum setting, moving quickly down from the docking platform.
The docking platform presents a rectangular-shaped, long, slab of concrete with the creepy glittering lava molecules underneath the base as the lava particles wiggle and wave at your eyeballs. However, there is not a transportation system of individual concrete slabs attached to the first warehouse on the northern polar axis, holding delivered merchandise. The distance between the docking platform and the entrance portal into the solid warehouse is pure cold and black outer space molecules.
No problem for an earthling with a space suit!
Eartha wobblers sideways still flying through outer space directly to the entrance portal on the second warehouse. The warehouse is really weird-looking, a completed structure, on the outside, with a rooftop, a set of four solid side walls, and a flat concrete foundation. Every inch of the roof, the four walls, and the foundation sparkle with the glittering lava particles in the pretty colors of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow dots. 
She whispered, “This is really weird, a platform and a warehouse hanging together and alone in outer space.” 
This place might be a second outer space base to transport food and home supplies to Moon Chadron, since the face of the moon winks at the face of Pluto, on this side. However, the plutonians do not possess a fleet of starships for transporting food and home supplies to this moon or any of the other moons of Pluto.
Inside the cargo bay, Leer dresses in a large space suit, hand pedaling with both his arms and legs to the closed cargo bay doors, slapping the button. Both sides of the cargo bay doors slide open. He spins around and stands inside the open archway. Eartha is very close to the mysterious warehouse. He growled with a whisper. “Where’s Mummery?” Leer jumps up from the floor and then leaps into outer space waves, pressing the thruster button down to the maximum setting. He grits his teeth following the pathway of Eartha, before something bad happens.


Warehouse vacuum glass door (outer space to building)
29:05 hours/minutes


Eartha releases the thruster button and slows her descend down toward the warehouse building, hand pedaling to close the gap distance in front of the glass door. There is an exterior vacuum door into the warehouse on the front wall. She does not see any other doors or windows on the sides of the warehouse and isn’t going to space walk around the rear of the structure. She stops and hovers in front of the glass door, without touching it, looking through to the other side of the interior of the warehouse. Eartha does not recall seeing Mummery use the vacuum door to enter the warehouse either.
If the door opens for entrance, then the reflective glass will twinkle announcing her person coming from the rays off the dull moonlight of Charon, Pluto’s moon.
She exhales with a puff of fear, reaching out and touched the door with her space glove. The exterior vacuum door slides open. Eartha inhales with a puff of fright, flying forward and ten stopped, hovering inside the middle of the chamber. The door closes shut behind her back spine.
Outside within the outer space waves, Leer sails off the hanging platform and drops down through outer space, without bothering to analysis the man-made structure, waving his space arm. He yelled through his space helmet transmitter at the back spine of Eartha. “Don’t move, Eartha! Don’t go inside! Wait on me!” He sees the door twinkle through the dull moonlight of the moon.
Eartha has entered the warehouse building through a vacuum chamber. The door twinkles again.
“Shit, Eartha!” He shouted again. His space helmet communication will not penetrate the space distance and may not go through the thick heavy glass vacuum door. But the door opens for her. Then it will open for him. He sneered, “Where’s Mummery?” His two eyelids dash side to side for the bald physician and her glittering gel space suit.


Interior warehouse space
29:11 hours/minutes


The interior vacuum door opens into the warehouse space.
Eartha flies through the archway and floated through the breathable air, scanning the room. The room is perfectly square-shaped with a set of four evenly measured walls displaying that glittering frozen, lava particles coming from the River of Lava. Each particle dazzles in the pretty colors of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow underneath rows of bright overhead artificial lights. The four walls, the ceiling, and the floor, all twinkle and wink at her. The noise sounds like a hiss.
Eartha turns around to see Leer inside the middle of the vacuum chamber, wearing a space suit and a worried brow.
The interior vacuum door slides open.
Leer flies out the vacuum chamber into the room, stops, and hovers in front of her face mask, wearing a worried brow. He is too concerned for her safety to be mad and angry now. He will do that later, when they are safety back on Neptune. He said through the space helmet transmitter. “What’s here?”
She frowned. “Nothing’s here.”
He smiled. “Good. I mean. That’s okay. We need to leave and get this over with Darsha on the Pond.”
She looks down with a sad face at the glittering floor, floating above it. Eartha said, “Yeah, we need to leave and get this over with Darsha on Neptune.” She is now out of a good paying job on both Neptune and Pluto. 
Pluto does not use an Outlaw program. There is never a crime or a criminal here. Eartha will quietly resign and swiftly pack her personal possessions, taking the first star freighter back to Jupiter, this evening. She will crawl back with a tail tucked between a pair of walking legs and bow down on her kneecaps back to her old Outlaw superintendent. Eartha had not burned her bridges, as the earthlings say. She will get her old Outlaw job back with a crushed day dream of a nice and easy life with cute and funny Leer.
Her eyeballs dart and then stop at the wall corner. She said with a puzzled brow. “I spy some semi-open boxes.”
Leer scans the single one room. He said with a sour frown. “Right toe! Concrete boxes for a set of forthcoming star freighter supplies, I see them too, when I scan the room. Other than that, the single extra-large room is empty. I think, maybe, this is a new outer space base to colonize Moon Charon.”
Eartha exhales with a huff of frustration. She said, “Yeah, that’s a very good plan. The thirteenth band on Pluto looks and feels overcrowded. The new kids like free and adventure…”
“Yeah…”
He scans more of the room. Leer said with a stern face and a serious tone. “Well, we should inspect them for good measure and file it in our report for the Neptune outlaw database as stated by Outlaw rule number thirty four.”
Her eyelashes dart up to see his sour frown. Earth stated. “Why? What for?” She exhales with a puff of defeat. Leer is a good Outlaw following all the posted Outlaw rules and regulations.
He frowns with a set of sad eyeballs in silence hovering inside his space suit.
She said with a stern face. “Yeah, we should.”
“Do you wanna do that Outlaw task?” He asked.
She exhaled, “Yeah, yeah, I’ll go and do the task of inspecting the mysterious concrete white colored boxes. I’ll file it in the Outlaw report too.” Eartha spins around and flies to the side wall holding two boxes.
Leer is trying hard to protect and assist her cause of non-permanent termination as an Outlaw by Superintendent Darsha within the Great Dark Spot. Eartha had, once again, jumped into the fireplace breaking more Outlaw rules, flying the Beetle off course from the assigned North Pole parked spot, landing at the southern polar axis on Planet Pluto, without permission of Darsha.
Eartha does not want that spotted Outlaw record on Leer’s clear and tidy Outlaw file, since it is too late for her shitty Outlaw career.
She stops and hovers in the air. Eartha gasped with a worried brow. “Come over here, Leer! There are more than two concrete white colored boxes over here. There’s something else on the floor too.” She presses the gravity button and as her space suit lowers hovering a few inches from the frozen, lava-coated floor. She scans the object on the surface through a face mask wearing a confused brow. “What’s that?”
Leer wears a puzzled brow and presses the thruster button flying to the same warehouse wall, pressing the gravity button and then lowers his space suit a few inches from the lava-coated floor. He said, “I do not know.”
She frowned. “I can’t get a good look from this angle. The boxes are blocking my view. I’m going to have to take off my space suit. Do you think that’s a good idea, too?”
Leer frowned. “Well…”
“I’ll be swift. I promise. There could something here after all that might be related to the missing three humans on Pluto. It will help Mrs. Doil find little girl,” Eartha stated. She smiles with excitement of discovering something that could clear her name, within the Outlaw Division on Neptune.
Leer does not really care what the something is sitting on top of the hard-ass lava-coated floor and he wants to present some type of serious issue preventing them from solving the Outlaw assignment, a missing child case. Darsha is not going to be happy or pleased.
He frowns with worry through the face mask. He stated, “Well. Okay. I wanna know too. I’ll turn and guard the vacuum door for trouble. Where’s Mummery? She ain’t standing or sitting or shitting in here. She can answer a lot of our Outlaw questions about a second warehouse and a space pirate’s Birdie. And I didn’t see her come in here either.” He spins around and flies back to the vacuum door looking through the twin clean and clear glass door for any trouble or a glittering gel space suit.
Eartha presses the interior button. The space suit pops open sounding with a set of soft tings as the snaps sing and then pop opened. She cracks open the frontal body cast reaching for the side slot. She has left her palmer inside the other dirty space suit, inside the storage locker, within the parked Beetle starship.
It does not matter. She is an Outlaw. Sometimes, evidence isn’t always hard and physical. She will use her brains to memory the object on the floor for her Outlaw report.
She wiggles out the arms and legs slots of the body cast leaping from the suit then dropped down on top of the floor. Her pair of naked feet feels the heated element of the frozen, lava-coated, hard surface triggering her mind. This is the exact floor covering at the hotel, residential houses, and hospital on the middle bands of Pluto. She scoots over the hared floor to the object. Eartha stated, “After I entered the room, I didn’t see Mummery either. She was flying ahead of me. But I think, maybe, she has two boyfriends.” She giggles with silliness.
“Why is that?” Leer asked. He stands guard hovering side to side in front the glass door, seeing the blackness of outer space, the hanging docking platform with the lonely beetle ship, and the twinkling bright stars.
“She went around the rear of the building. I bet there was another space pirate waiting for her.”
“That’s mean, Eartha.” He exhaled.
“Where is she then? She is not located inside here with us,” Eartha asked. She scoots around the two free-standing boxes while giggling with a grin and then stops wearing a confused brow and stares down at the object.
“I don’t really know or care.” He frowned.
“Come over here and look at this!” Eartha shouted. She squats between the boxes, saying with a gasp and a worried brow, “Leer, come over here and look at this. It is …”
Leer presses the thruster button backwards spinning around, flying closer to the side wall and a squatting Eartha and then stops his advance. He hovers in the air behind the rear skull on Eartha. “What is that thing?”
She leans over the body and presents a distorted face, touching her nose with the terrible odor. “It is an animal of some type. I think. I’m not certain.”
“Don’t touch it!” He gasped in alert.
“I am not.” Eartha stated. She stares at the object with a puzzled brow. “But I think, it’s dead. The chest is not raising or lowering. Based on all my anatomy sciences from my Outlaw School, a life form breathes air, pushing out the organ.”
“Leave it! Let’s go now!” He frowned.
She lifted her naked palm and said with a puzzled brow. “No! We need to show this dead animal thing to someone on Pluto. We need pics, before we go and tattle to Renato or Darsha or whomever. Gimme your palmer!”
He frowned. “I don’t have my palmer with me. Let’s go and tattle to someone first, Eartha! They can come and take the damn pics, of the damn dead thing, on the damn warm floor, inside the damn cold warehouse, within damn outer space waves. This room might be contaminated with its deadly DNA germs. That might be why a second almost empty cold warehouse is hanging out here inside outer space alone and not near the other warehouse of healthy workers. Damn! That’s it! Mummery is a medical physician and a surgeon. She might have been caring for it here inside the second warehouse and then it up and died in here. That would explain her being here, not us. We leave, now, Eartha! We need to decontaminate you also! You exited out from your protective space suit in semi-nudity. Now, you might get sick or exposed or something and then…”
“No!” She said. Eartha studies its body and its face. “Go and get a palmer from the beetle for some pics by me, since I’m clearly semi-nude and exposed to its germs. I will ride home inside a space suit and then sit in the decontaminate chamber, within the Great Dark Spot. It is clearly dead.” She sniffs the air with her wiggling nose holes. “The room air is fresh, without a lingering nasty death odor. That’s the first sign of contamination, a stinky odor.”
Leer hovers sideways studying the object on the floor. He said with a worried brow and a worried mind. “No! Get back, go and get suited up right now! We leave from here right now, Eartha! I’m the senior Outlaw here.”
She stands upright and moves around the object without touching it or stepping to close to the dead body of the animal thing. Eartha stated, “This looks like a monkey-animal. A monkey has a set of brown colored fuzzy hair strands and a tail and a set of four crooked limbs, like this dead thing on the floor. Hmm. That face is so cute too. The pale tinted face is like a human with a set of human light colored features. It has a pale colored human button nose, a pair of human pink colored lips, a human pair of pale colored closed eyelashes, and a human set of pale colored ears, and a head of long brown human hair. But the dead body is like a monkey animal. This is so odd.”
He frowned. “It’s damn ass-weird for me. Get back! Go and get suited up right now! Let’s go and get outta here right now, Eartha!”
She gasps with shock, covering her open mouth with her naked hands. Eartha yelled, “No. No. No.”
“What’s wrong? What are you seeing there on the monkey-animal?”
She back steps and jabs her naked finger at the monkey body. Eartha said, “The cute pale tinted face, that face, I have seen that face before. Actually, I have seen that face a thousand times from my palmer, when Mrs. Doil shared her palmer pictures. The face is pale soft baby skin and it possesses a button nose and a dimple on her right cheek. Yes, this is the face of little three year old Evatisha Doil. The monkey body is tiny body, like a three year old child.”
He hovers sideways with his nervous hand on the thruster control. Leer yelled with a worried brow. “Hell, no! It can’t be! That’s impossible, Eartha! Get back! Go and get suited up right now! We leave from here, right now, Eartha! We go and report to Renato. Hell, forget him and his silly glittering space suit! We have our Beetle. We get back inside the ship and call Darsha on the long range palmer to send help to figure out this new mystery. We can’t do this alone.”
Eartha moves to next box. She stated with a puzzled brown and a serious tone. “No, Leer! I’m not leaving from the warehouse room. That’s the baby face of the little three years old missing Evatisha Doil. I have it on my palmer. She looks like her mother too. What’s inside the new box, more monkey animals? If so, the plutonians physicians are experimenting on animals, making them look like humans. That’s sick! Is there a law against this experimentation of animals and humans by an evil group of physicians within the galaxy?” She squats down leaning over, shoving the heavy lid with a low grunt and exposes the contents. “It’s heavier than it looks.”
Leer hovers and floats behind Eartha, saying with a worried brow and a nervous tone. “No, Eartha! There ain’t no law or outlaw trouble. I’m getting scared and worried and sick to my stomach. Stop that, Eartha! Get back! Go and get suited up right now! We leave from here! We go back and tattle to Darsha…”
She screamed and then covered her open mouth with both of her naked hands. “No! No! No! This concrete box is a coffin and it contains Mrs. Doil. Mrs. Wheedle Doil.”
“Is she dead?”
“Yes, she’s dead lying inside the concrete box, freshly dead. She is wearing her pink-tinted, soft, plutonian clothing too and a pair of bare feet. And her face is the same face as the monkey girl. What’s going on here?”
“Something is going on here that we can’t explain or be involved in. Get back! Go and get suited up right now, Eartha! We leave from here, right now, Eartha! We go and tell Renato!”
She screamed, “No! There’s another closed up box, a second white concrete box. Who’s inside here?” Eartha stands and shifts to the second concrete box squatting down and leans over, shoving the lid and exposes the contents. “No! This is Gladkit and she is freshly dead too wearing her green-colored, sissy, plutonian clothing and a pair of bare feet. They must have murdered them, this morning or last night, after we left the hospital in both defeat and embarrassment. I wasn’t in a mood to help my mom. And a palmer signal would have taken hours for a rescue attempt. Both of the young mothers are resting here in death inside a hanging outer space cold and well-lighted warehouse. Why? Why murder them and bring them here?”
He scans the almost empty room inside the second warehouse looking for any more danger. Leer stated, “I do not know. Let’s leave and go and tell Renato. We can even take him on a ride in our Beetle for a quicker trip.” He views the back spine on Eartha. “Look! You have proven your point. There is something wrong here on Pluto. And damn, if you didn’t uncover it. We leave and go home and tattle all this information death stuff to Darsha. The Outlaw case is officially closed, Eartha. The missing girl is a monkey animal thing. The mother and her friend neighbor have been murdered by a batch of the crazy ass plutonians. We’re finished and done here, Outlaw Eartha.”
She gasped. “No!” Eartha stands and dashes over to the wall corner squatting over more dead bodies. “No! We can’t leave just yet. Here, in the wall corner, I found some more animal-things over here. They are two of them and they are dead too. One of the bodies is small like a child too. The child is so gross looking. It looks like a big lizard. The exterior skin on the lizard animal is purple and soft and shiny. Both the arms and the legs are short and all the same length…like…it could walk on its four feet. There is a long tail from the rear of the body too. This is so odd.”
“This is all weird-ass. Please, go and get suited up, right now, Eartha! Let’s go and get outta of here, right now!”
She gasped with shock. “I realize the face on the lizard girl. This is the face of the child of Gladkit. The body is short like a three year old child too. But the face is a pale colored tint of human with a set of hazel eyeballs, a human pale colored button nose, and a human mouth of pink lips. But the shape of the head is lizard-like with no hair and purple skin and a set of tiny ear holes.” She spins around and runs back to the second box. “That face! That face is her face. This is the missing daughter of Gladkit. This is so awful!”
“This is so sick! Let’s go and get outta of here, right now, Eartha! We need to report back to Darsha, right now!”
Eartha spins around and runs back to the wall corner. She shouts with a worried brow and a serious tone. “Wait! Wait! We’ll go in a second. There’s one more body over here. The other animal-thing is a horse. The body is long with a set of short, fuzzy pink tinted hair. O no! Both the legs possess a set of hooves for walking or running or something.”
Leer chuckled to relief the horror of the moment. “Clearly, the husband did it.”
She stops with a gasp and jabs her finger at the face on the horse. She yelled with a worried brow and a serious tone. “This is the missing husband of Gladkit.”
He frowned. “Naw, you’re guessing here, now.”
She swings around with a stern face to see Leer inside his space suit. Eartha said, “No! I know. I memorized all three of the missing faces on my palmer. Gladkit and Doil give me the exchange information. Go out to the Beetle and get my palmer from inside my other space suit, inside the storage locker. We can verify each animal face with a missing human face. And we need to take pics of all the dead human females for Renato and Darsha. This needs to be shared to all the outlaws throughout the galaxy that someone is experimenting on humans. This is so wrong. No!” She moves ahead to her floating space suit reaching inside and taps on the thruster button as the space suit moves by itself over the heated floor in the air, across the floor, and the stops near the dead brown colored monkey girl.
Leer gasped with shock. “What are you doing, Eartha?”
“Better yet! We take the monkey girl with us on-board the Beetle. I can place her tiny body inside my personal Outlaw-issued space suit. The space suit will contain all her germs and her juices and preserve her ugly form from the outer space elements. Go and get me another space suit from the storage locker inside the Beetle!”
Leer frowned with worry. “Do not touch that thing, Eartha!”
“I’m not going to touch it. The space suit has a set of very strong movable mechanic hands and skeleton fingers. I will use the mechanic hands to lift and dump the dead monkey animal into the empty body cast. She is the smallest and the lightest animal thing. The body cast is oversized for her tiny form. It will take me five seconds or less. Go and get me another space suit now, Leer! By the time your return back here into the warehouse room, I’ll be done with the dirty nasty deed. Then you can shove its ass back through outer space and into the cargo hold of the beetle. Deal!” She shouted. Eartha stops and lowers the space suit next to the monkey animal, squatting down and opens the front body cast as one unit for the placement of the monkey animal.
Leer fiddles with the controls saying. He said a stern face and a serious tone. “No deal here, Eartha! I’ll do it! I’ll strip off my space suit. You dress inside my suit and go and get me another one inside the Beetle!”
She fiddles with the buttons activating the tiny mechanic hands, hearing a series of buzzing sounds. Eartha shouted, “No! There is not available any more large-sized space suits for your big bones inside the storage locker. The rest of the space suits will fit me, not you. And the space pirates could be coming back to here right now. They must’ve been aiding Mummery with her dirty deed of dead animal experimentation. We’re running out of time. Now, go and get, Leer! I’m busy with my work. By the time you return, I’ll be finished. Then we all will go and see Darsha, first time.”
He exhaled with a puff of worry. “Right toe! You are thinking most logical here. I’ll return faster than you can complete the job. Deal!” He presses the thruster button down and then spins around flying ahead to the vacuum door. The interior glass door on the vacuum chamber opens coming from his heat signature.
“Done!” She said. Eartha works the buttons watching a set of mechanics hands open up in the air.
Leer sails through the air and then stops hovering inside the middle of the chamber, darting his eyelids side to side into the blackness of outer space for trouble. The mechanics sounds with a set of soft tings for expelling all the oxygen molecules and then hisses with the proper air exchange of the invading outer space molecules for a slow transition into outer space flight. The exterior vacuum glass door slides open. Leer presses the thruster button forward flying at the highest setting through the archway, clearing the door frame. He looks over his collar bone to see Eartha inside the warehouse room. She is looking down working the buttons inside her space suit, steering the mechanic hands, moving the mechanic hands to the monkey girl.
Petite Mummery turns the wall corner of the warehouse swiftly flying forward and then collides into the shoulder portion on the metal space suit with Leer. He spins around in a circle releasing a scream of fright within outer space, hitting the side wall on the warehouse. A slurping sound sticks his back spine into the glittering goo of wiggling pretty slime on the exterior wall of the warehouse. He jerks to the right and to the left seeing through a pair of dizzy eyeballs and an aching collar bone, turning with a sour frown to see Mummery.
She flings her lava-coated hand wave and a bright smile to Leer. He flies through the open exterior glass door on the vacuum chamber and gasps into the transmitter of the space helmet. Leer stated, “Eartha, watch out!”
The exterior vacuum door slides close, without Leer. He is still stuck onto the exterior wall of the second warehouse in outer space, breathing up oxygen molecules, jerking all his limbs from the sticky lava particles.
Mummery halts with evil laughter and hovers in the middle of the vacuum chamber kicking at the interior glass door using her lava-colored folded fists and her lava-colored naked feet. The mechanics hisses expelling the nasty outer space molecules and then sounds with a set of soft tings, flooding the chamber with rich oxygen for breathing. Mummery yells with fury and kicks out the interior glass door of the vacuum chamber stomach as the broken glass drops falling on top of the frozen lava-coated floor. She leans down and falls through the homemade hole inside the vacuum chamber, landing on her stomach on top of the glass pieces and the hard floor. Her glittering gel space suit turns into a set of hard rock which froze over her petite body.
Eartha spins around then gasps in shock seeing Mummery and the broken glass door at the damaged vacuum chamber. She slowly stands upright from the floor moving away from the monkey animal towards the physician. She shouted, “Mummery! Wow! Where did you get all that beautiful blonde hair? Last night, your body was completed shaven, even your as…”
“Ask a silly question! You get a silly answer, earthling.” Mummery said. She slowly stands upright and wears a smirk swishing the long blonde hair strands back from her pale colored face. Her hair flows down to her waistline. “The heated elements of the lava make all the body hair grew out at a tremendous rate in one night. But you know that too. The first time, I saw you, your hair had grown out and was even with your ugly earlobes, Miss Earthling.”
Eartha gasps in shock reaching out, smoothing down her long black colored hair. She said with a confused brow. “Why is your hair blonde-colored? You said that all plutonians receive the herpes simplex virus during the life-saving medical procedure. Shouldn’t every plutonian, including you, have a set of rich black-colored hair roots, like me?”
“Naw!” Mummery giggled with a grin. “I had a brain tumor. I received the medical operation with the blue tube of herpes simplex virus from Earth that saved my precious human life. However, you didn’t have a brain tumor inside your bone skull, dumb earthling. So, the herpes simplex virus tricked and turned on your human body giving you a head of rich black hair and a face with a great big red colored cold sore.” She swirls in a circle with evil laughter kicking out each limb as the hardened pieces of lava-coated gel fly off her body flinging around the room.
Eartha squats down on her kneecaps, covering her bone skull from the flying pieces of hard lava-coated particles. She yelled, “Careful there, Mummery!” She removes her hands and then slowly stands upright staring at Mummery. “Are you hurt? Are you bleeding? How did the glass door break? Are you alright, Mummery? Why are you…?”
Mummery stops her swirling and then stands in place, wearing a set of rose-colored, sissy, soft, plutonian clothes, dropping her head between her naked hands. She sobs with tears. She softy spoke, “Yes.” She lifts up her bald head slowly moving across the floor on her naked feet towards the monkey animal and then dropping down on her kneecaps. She reaches out patting the soft fur, sobbing with tears on her sad face. “My little friend…”
Eartha spins around and follows the pathway of Mummery tumbling backwards from the monkey animal, the grounded space suit, and a kneeling Mummery. She whispered for her eardrums only, “Your dead little friend!”
Mummery pats the soft fur over and over again, wearing a sad face and as her tears fall and land on the top of the pale-colored human face on the dead child. She whispered, “I tried so hard to save you. You are so cute and little, a child. The brain tumor caused this condition. The brain tumor altered the DNA in you. You were not supposed to die. I tried to save you but couldn’t.”
“She is crazy.” Eartha laughed. She slowly walks backwards and watches Mummery.
Mummery pats the monkey animal, talking with a mumble of silly sentences. A brain tumor does not alter the DNA of a human, but it might kill a person, if not treated by a medical science. She pats the monkey face as her tears streamed down her cheekbones. She whispered, “I can help you. Yes, I can. I need a new tube of the herpes simplex virus…”
“…for another cold sore…” Eartha said. She reaches up and gently touches the red-colored cold sore on her upper lip, right-side.
Within outer space, on the side of the second warehouse wall, Leer exhales with a puff of pain, opening his two eyelids, jerking his space suit from the sticky wall and then freely hovers in the air. He spins around and flies to the front of the vacuum door, slamming the glass. The exterior vacuum does not open. His eyeballs dart to Mummery as he bangs on the glass, without moving into the room. Leer shouted into the transmitter inside each space helmet, “Eartha, run to me! Come to me!”
Her two eyeballs catch the waving motion in front of the room and as her face whips around to see Leer. Eartha lifts her palm hand for him to stop banging on the exterior glass door of the broken vacuum chamber, before upsetting Mummery. Leer cannot enter through the exterior glass door without accompanying zillions of deadly suffocating outer space molecules. Eartha isn’t wearing her protective Outlaw-issued space suit over her delicate human body, so she will die in 0.003 seconds from the deadly molecules.
Within outer space, Leer continues to bang his space gloves on the glass door which does not budge from his sorry-ass strength. He whispered for his eardrums only, “The gun.” He pushes his body from the exterior glass door using both his gloves, flying backward into outer space and then presses the thruster button, swiftly spinning around and flies up to the Beetle at maximum speed. He enters the open cargo bag and then squats slapping the compartment, gasping in shock. “One gun for one ship! And Eartha took it, yeah, stupid Neptune crimeless spree.” He exhales with worry flying out the cargo bay, again, quickly returning to the vacuum door on the warehouse building.


Interior warehouse room
29:43 hours/minutes


Eartha continues to slowly walk backwards and then collides into the side wall with her shoulder, sounding with a low grunt, staring at the rear bald head on Mummery. There is a set of wraparound handcuffs and a hand gun hidden inside the bottom half of her space suit per Outlaw rule number thirteen. She will grab both items and arrest or shoot Mummery on the cold spot, inside the warm floor, of the warehouse. Eartha stated to move to her standing space suit whispering for her eardrums only. “She’s crazy!”
Mummery continues to kneel and presents a sad face patting the furry head of the monkey thing. “I am sorry…”
Eartha stares at the rear bald head and the two naked hand movements of Mummery and then slams her kneecap into the sharp corner on the free-standing concrete box, hissing in pain, folding down at her fit waistline and bit her lip producing blood.
Mummery looks up with a confused brow viewing the side wall and swings her face around seeing the black-tinted hair roots on Eartha and then the exposed lid of the concrete box. “O! She is in there…”
Eartha exhales with a puff of worry, looking up with a stern face, slowing moving ahead to her outer body cast on the standing Outlaw-issued space suit, where the hand gun is hidden inside a hidden slot from the enemy. She carefully watches the motions on Mummery and then reaches the standing space suit.
Mummery spins around and slowly stands upright, softly giggling with a silly grin to Eartha. She said, “O! She is in there…”
Eartha kicks the side of the space suit. The lower drawer opens. She carefully leans forward to grab the gun while staring at Mummery.
Mummery frowns and then starts to cry. She said, “I strangled her with my two bare hands.” She lifts both her hands in front of her face, producing more tears of sorrow. “It was a funny feeling. I placed my two naked hands around her tiny naked throat and squeezed and squeezed and squeezed. She sneezed and expelled the last breath of air out from her two healthy lungs. Then I removed my two naked hands without blood or injury. She fell down on the hard floor without moving.” Her face views the dead child and then produces more tears and as she reaches down patting the monkey face on the dead little girl Evatisha Doil. “I killed her for you, little one. I…”
Eartha whispered for her eardrums only. “She is a loco poco, crazy, petite bitch.” She continues to learn forward sounding with a heavy grunt. The red tinted cold sore throbs in pain and then burst open producing tiny droplets of blood, landing on the hard floor.
Mummery slowly stands upright then spins around smiling and advances towards Eartha.
Within outer space, in front of the glass door on the non-damaged portion of the vacuum chamber, Leer soars from the Beetle starship in the air and then slams his space suit into the exterior glass door without breaking the glass, entering the warehouse. He bangs both space gloves and kicks an alternating space boot into the glass panel, without success, screaming into the transmitter. “Earth, run! Run away from her! Come here to me! I’ll break the glass; you can shoot the bitch. Then you get into the space suit and we escape from the warehouse. No! No! No…”
Mummery does not stop moving and reaches out with both short arms, grabbing the extended naked arm on Eartha and the standing space suit with her other hand. She stands in place and sneers at Eartha lifting both the heavy female Outlaw and the heavier space suit off the hard floor, and then in the air using her superhuman strength. She presents an evil laugh and a wicked grin to Eartha.
Eartha screams in terror kicking her naked feet at the short woman, without effect, waving both of her arms still dangling in the air. She gasps in shock and screams wearing a worried mind and a worried brow. She asked, “What are you?”
Outside the warehouse, Leer wobbles in front of the door, kicking at the glass. He yelled with a worried brow into his space helmet transmitter, “No! Run, Eartha! Run away from here! Come over to me…”
Inside the warehouse floor, Mummery slowly bends her kneecaps and stands upright tossing both Eartha and her space suit upwards into the ceiling panels that winkles in hues of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow. Her hard bone skull hits the hard ceiling first creating a terrible headache and a pair of dizzy eyeballs. Then her lump body swiftly drops down and lands on her tailbone grunting in pain. The space suit hits the hard ceiling panels, at the same time, then separates into parts sounding in loud pings, breaking at the bent metal latch hinges. The metal parts quickly drop down from the ceiling making a loud whistling noise. Eartha curves into a fetal ball and covers her bone skull sliding into the side wall, hearing the two separate booms of metal on top of the hard floor.
Mummery tosses both her arms in the air and stares at the walls. She asked, “Who am I? I am the new kid on the block. I am the new species of the galaxy. I am created to live and thrive here in the old galaxy. I am smarter, bigger, stronger, and better than all of you, puny weak humans. I will conquer the galaxy and rule all the planets.” She twirls in a circle several times wildly producing a tone of evil laughter.
“My turn!” Eartha shouted. She unfolds from the fetal ball suffering in pain, sneering in duty and then crawls over to the larger portion of her space suit. She looks up and views Leer through the broken glass.
She understands clearly. Her duty is clear too. Earth must kill the murderer of the children and adults that has occurred here on Pluto, so the murderer does not escape from the warehouse structure and perform that vile action again. The broken door will not allow a human body to leave the room, without a functional space suit.
She reaches out grabbing the butt end on the hand gun, feeling the smooth metal inside her palm and spins around suffering in both broken bones, bleeding pain. She sits on top of her bloody kneecaps growling at the murderer, focusing her dizzy eyeballs at a swirling Mummery.
Petite Mummery twirls again and as her loose-fitting clothing swirls against the air waves too exposing her short arms and two skinny legs.
Eartha cups the hand with both hands raising the weapon and aims at a twirling Mummery. She shouted with a sneer. “Your time is up, alien!”
Mummery stops her twirling and stands in place lifting her arms in the air and curls her lips without exhibiting human fear. She softly said. “I am a native of the galaxy, like you, Earth Girl.”
Outside in front of the vacuum door, Leer can see the action without hearing the words. He gasps in shock waving both his space arms through the glass panel, trying to get Eartha’s attention. His voice yelled into the space suit transmitter. “Don’t! Don’t do it! Don’t shoot her, Eartha!”
Inside the warehouse, Eartha steadies the cold barrel at the pretty face on Mummery and then hears the tiny voice timber coming from a panicked Leer inside the broken portion on the damaged space suit. Eartha sneered at Mummery, “She is the reason for the conversion of the poor Jupiter natives here on Planet Pluto. She is the reason why we came to Pluto. She made the animal and human things for her evil purposes.”
Outside the warehouse, Leer hears the nasty words coming from Eartha and continues to bang with both his space gloves and his space boots on the glass door. He yelled through the space helmet transmitter to Eartha. “So, she is to die for being different from me and you. And you get to make that decision alone and without a committee.”
“Yes.” Eartha growled back to Leer.
Leer said through the space helmet transmitter. “No! It’s wrong. You’re wrong, Eartha! Let’s take her back to Outlaw headquarters and ask someone, without a hand gun filled with twelve bullets of black-colored gunpowder.”
Inside the warehouse, Eartha sneered. “No.” She fired the bullet.
The bullet hits and then lodges into the right eyeball on Purry Mummery. Her neck snaps backwards breaking her spinal cord in half and as her bent body slowly descends down skidding over the hard floor from the velocity impact of discharge, and then finally stops near the side wall. Her red blood drains and stains mixing with the pretty lava patterns on the hard floor and the matching side wall materials too.
Eartha exhales with a puff of satisfactory, still holding the smoking hand gun between her hands, presenting a wicked grin at the dead body of Purry Mummery.
Outside the warehouse, Leer shakes his bone skull, within his space helmet, and gently slaps both of his space gloves onto the glass door, sneering in defeat and worry for Eartha. He is still locked inside cold outer space and outside of the warm warehouse gritting his teeth, staring down at the dead body of Mummery. His voice echoed through the transmitter inside his space helmet to the space suit of Eartha. “She bleeds in red blood. She was not the interspecies of the unknown aliens. You were wrong. You killed a human, Eartha. You killed an unarmed human woman in cold blood…”
Leer kicks and beats on the glass panel with an alternate space boot and both of his gloved fists in an angry rage feeling sad for the senseless death. Then a tiny crack opens up within the delicate exterior glass on the vacuum chamber from the continuous pounding of the metal appendages from the Outlaw-issued space suit holding Leer.
The outer space molecules slowly drain and then drift down through a tiny hole near the boot toe on Leer slowly interacting with the internal wall composed of hard, frozen, lava-coated particles inside the warm warehouse. The solid wall slowly starts to dance and wiggle into a small lava flow of pretty colors in red, pink, blue, green, and yellow quickly spreading around to the other side walls.
Her two eyelashes look up and dart sideways to the wiggling objects coming alive on the side wall near the concrete boxes of dead humans. Eartha gasps in shock and fear. She yelled inside the room. “The lava particles on the frozen wall is alive and moving. How’s that possible? It’s impossible. I’m inside an enclosed room without the vacuum of outer space.” She slowly spins around her body and views Leer. He continues to beat on the glass panel using his metal-coated space gloves and space boots.
Eartha gasped with fear saying with a whisper. “O no! His space suit is made of metal. The metal has cracked the delicate glass on the exterior vacuum chamber. Now, all the invisible outer space molecules are invading the enclosed room with breathable air through the exterior glass door and then coming through the interior glass door of the vacuum chamber, where Mummery did her first damage. I’m going to die, right here and right now, without a husband, a marriage, a baby, and a happy after ending life.” She lowers the gun to her leg and scans the room.
There are five dead human bodies without blood holding some type of converted alien mutations on top of the floor and one dead alien in a puddle of blood near the side wall. The rest of the warehouse is empty, without a set of sitting furniture, a table of food, a cot for sleeping, and another space suit for a human life.
Eartha slowly spins around and produces a face of hot rolling tears slowly stumbling around the room as her outer human skin tissue starts to tinkle in pinpricks of coldness. An array of tiny deadly outer space molecules has invaded in fighting fury into the enclosed warehouse room, where a limited amount of breathable oxygen lounges for a single human body.
Leer stops beating on the glass door and wears a confused brow watching Eartha. He said into the transmitter, “I’ll return to get you outta of the room. Wait! What’s wrong with you? What are you doing? Why are walking around the room in a circle with a dazed look?”
She slowly spins around feeling more pain and faces Leer and as her words are echoing through the transmitter. Eartha said, “You cracked the delicate glass on the exterior glass door of the vacuum chamber. Mummery broke a huge hole on the interior glass door of the vacuum chamber also. My personal Outlaw-issued space suit is broken and busted into two separate parts. Even if, I could wear it, the invading outer space molecules only take .003 seconds to freeze my blood and stop my heart. I feel a set of cold pin prinks on my arm, the first sign of oxygen depletion.” She drops the gun as it hits the frozen lava-coated floor with a loud boom, tossing a set of tiny broken lava chunks into the air. She reaches down and rubs both of her arms, seeing and feeling the raised goose bumps, the first sign of impeding death.
Leer rubs both gloves over the smooth clear glass and then gasps in horror. He said through the transmitter, “The glass is really cracked. I can feel the hole through my space glove. O no! She’s going to die too. I’m going to lose both of them.” He waved his hands in the air feeling both fury and fear. “No, Eartha! I’m sorry. What can I do? I know. Open the door. We can share the space suit and the air tank until we...”
“We cannot.” She said. Eartha rubs both her arms trying to warm the coldness on her flesh wearing with a sad face and a stream of hot rolling tears. “The naked flesh on the other human will be exposed to the deadly outer space turning into a frozen tissue within 0.003 seconds. One of us has to survive and tell the Solar System and the human race about this place, a second warehouse on the bottom of Planet Pluto.” Eartha looks up with the tears and a sad face. “You must tell the rest of the Solar System and the Outlaws about the invasion of the weird interspecies. They live here right now. The other planets must destroy Pluto, before the interspecies jump and leave here…”
A small amount of outer space molecules slowly enters through a single tiny crack and then soars in the air hitting the far wall within the warm warehouse. Then the lava wall starts to wiggle its individual particles into life dropping down and fall on top of the concrete floor. Then the lava particles slowly crawl over the floor and attack the dead body of Purry Mummery. The pretty colors of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava particles burn off the long blonde colored hair strands and the pale colored flesh of the dead woman.
His two eyelids darts to the wiggling lava on the far wall near the Mummery’s dead body and as his mind cannot comprehend the event.
Eartha understands. The invading outer space molecules have hit and then stick on the side wall-coating, activating the lava materials on the side walls, the matching ceiling, and the hard floor inside the second warehouse.
Outside the warehouse, Leer slams each fist one at a time into the delicate glass and then gasps in alert, pointing to the side wall. He shouted into his transmitter. “Hey. Look! Look over there. What’s happening over there on the side wall? What’s going on in there, Eartha?”
Eartha stares at Leer with great fear swallowing the bitter bile back down a tight throat, hearing the sizzling of the lava flow and smells the burned flesh on the dead human body. She slowly spins around and views the wiggling wall with glittering lava particles and then the dead body of Mummery on the floor.
The lava particles wiggle on the wall with life as more outer space molecules drop down slamming into more of the frozen lava-coated matter. Both the hard bone skull and the pretty face, on a dead Mummery, are covered in glittering lava particles as her dead body shakes and then shivers side to side on top of the hard floor, glittering in prettiness, underneath a row of artificial overhead lights.
Eartha gasps with fear and covers her open mouth, studying the dead body of Mummery. She whispered in fright. “No! No! No! This cannot be happening here! This is humanly impossible!”
Outside the warehouse, Leer yelled through the space helmet transmitter to her. “Open the door, Eartha! I have to try and get you out of there. I don’t know what’s happening inside the warehouse room either. Open the door now! Come over here to the vacuum chamber now! Find the button on the wall and press it open! We have to try to do something.” He slams both of his fists into the glass actually making more cracks into the door.
The outer space molecules slowly continue to drift and enter the warehouse room attacking and then attaching to each lava-coated surface, while the rest of the warehouse room still maintains a level of breathable oxygen for a human body.
The lava flow of pretty glittering particles crawl and cover the clothing of Mummery burning the fabric off the dead body. Then the lava particles cover the naked chest and the two arms on a dead Mummery as her breasts and her rib cage bones jerk in motion in both beauty and horror. Her two arms flip in the air then flap down to the floor. out of sync.
Eartha whispered both awe and fright. “No! This is humanly impossible.”
The lava particles continue to drop and then leak into the room activating the frozen lava-coated particles then moved across the hard, frozen, lava-coated floor like a slithering snake and then hit the dead body on Mummery. The lave particles crawling over the rest of her clothes sizzling the fibers into a plume of light steam and slowly covers the rest of her exposed flesh in array of pretty colors.
The human flesh sizzles off and is replaced with lava particles at her waistline, both of her two hips, and both of her naked legs on the dead body of Mummery. The lava flow of pretty pink, red, blue, green, and yellow particles causes the two hip bones on a dead Mummery to wiggle side to side.
Her two lava-coated arms continue to flip and then flap in the air like a great funeral show of shits and horror. The lava particles cover her chest as her chest jerks up and down in the air, like a breathing human body. The lava-covered bone skull on a dead Mummery shuffles side to side. The two lava-covered legs lift up and down in the air also.
Outside the warehouse, Leer stops beating on the door, and talking to Eartha. He watches in both shock and horror the dead body of Purry Mummery, human medical physician and surgeon.
The wiggling lava particles have morphed the dead body of Purry Mummery into something unexplained. The particles glean and wiggle in the colors of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow covering her hair roots, face, neck, chest, two arms, rib cage, waist, two hip bones, and two legs. The lava flow of particles slides over the floor then spills over the two naked feet of Mummery as the dead toes of Mummery wiggles side to side with movement of life.
And then the voice of dead Mummery giggled.
Eartha slowly back steps from the dead, wiggling body of Mummery, gasping in both horror and fear, tripping over one of the dead animal-human bodies and then balance her feet upright. She continues to move backward moving into the far wall corner of solid frozen lava. However, the lava-coated dead body of human medical physician Purry Mummery is alive kicking her arms and her legs in the air still resting on of the wiggling lava-coated floor.
And then the voice of dead Mummery groans.
Eartha slams into the solid wall producing rolling hot tears in terror, sliding down into the corner wall, without the glittering lava particles, and as her eyeballs blur within the room space. She continues to hold her hand over her open mouth. She whispered, “No. What is happening in here? What is going on here?” The dead body of Mummery jerks upright from the floor surface in one fluid motion standing still, staring at the wiggling gel side wall.
Outside the warehouse, Leer gasps in shock leaning into the glass door, experiencing fear, fright, curiosity, carelessness, shock, and surprise and continues to stare and study the outline of an upright human female.
The human female stands without talking with a set of verbal words or moving on a pair of feet around the enclosed room. The female is comprised of lava particles in the colors of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow. Her human skull bone is an oval shape possessing waistline hair of lava particles. Her outer skin glitters lava particles matching the same element from the River of Lava that rotates around Planet Pluto.
The human face details the formation of two eye sockets, two nose holes, two non-pointy earlobes, and a pair of closed lips. All the facial parts are made of tiny lava particles sprinkling in red, pink, blue, green, and yellow particles.
The female body frame possesses a neck, two tiny breasts, a rib cage, and two hands with a set of five finger digits. However, all the body parts are composed of the tiny lava particles of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow. The rest of the female possesses a waistline, two hips, two legs with an individual kneecap outline, two ankles, two naked feet with ten toe digits, all in lava-coated particles too.
The female appears to be naked in a lava-coated particle form without clothes and without hair over her lava-coated bone skull glittering in the pretty lava colors.
Outside the warehouse, Leer observes the scene. The Lava Girl is pretty. But his mind worries about Eartha, who is trapped inside the enclosed room, without escape. His eyeballs dart to Eartha, who is crouched inside solid wall corner.
Inside the warehouse, Eartha tries to become invisible within the wall corner but continues to hyperventilate from her fear, fright, shock, and surprise. She is trapped inside the warehouse room with the dead but alive body of Mummery.
“Pfft! I feel really stiff.” The dead but alive body of Mummery opens her lava-coated eyelashes, rolling her neck side to side, stretching out, and kicks out each arm and leg in the air, producing a giggling human sound. She drops both her arms down to her side and presents an upturned smile on her lava-colored face. “I feel better, but I feel hot. Why am I hot?” Her face turns wearing the same upturned smile to see Eartha inside the wall corner.
Outside the warehouse, Leer leans into the glass. He said through the space helmet transmitter which echoed into the warehouse internal wall from the busted space suit belonging to Outlaw Eartha. “Lady, you are made of lava particles. The lava particles come from the River of Lava here on Planet Pluto.” He points his gloved finger at the rear wall behind her back spine.
Inside the warehouse, the dead but alive body of Mummery slowly spins around and views each wiggling wall. Now, all the walls wiggle in lava-coated particles. She giggled with a lava-colored upright smile. “O! I am.” She moves ahead then stops reaching out and touches the wiggling wall as her lava-coated hand punches through the wiggling liquid. She giggled with the hot sensation. “O! I am too.” She withdraws her lava-coated hand staring at the wiggling gel on her finger tips and then flings them in the air. Each wiggling particle lands on the floor or the wall or the ceiling. She slowly scoots down the same wall, punching the same lava-coated fist into the wiggling lava particles sounding with a girly giggle, slowly shuffling around half of the room. She stops and stares at Leer through the shattered glass door. She recognizes a new life form and then tilts her rock-coated chin to the side presenting an upturned smile at him. She said, “Hello!”
Outside the warehouse, Leer smiles back within his space helmet, studying the new female species. Her lava skin glitters underneath the dull lights of the warehouse. Her body is an exact duplicate height of poor dead physician Mummery exhibiting a bald head, set of small breasts, a set of short arms, a set of narrow hips, and a set of short legs. Her face is outlined in a set of delicate eye sockets with a pair of lava-colored particle eyeballs. Talking, she possesses a set of lava-coated teeth also.
He stated, “Hello back. Who are you?”
She tilts her chin to the other side, like she is thinking within a human brain. She said, “I am Purry.”
He frowned. “Naw! Purry is dead. The body…the body is you, now. I think.”
“Yes, the human named Purry Mummery has expired. Before the human body was overtaken by decay, I entered the fleshy cast.”
He smiled. “Right toe! That makes some sense to me. I did witness the lava flow of numerous particles on the wall crawl off and then cover the dead body of Mummery. She rested on top of the floor as an evil mad scientist doctor. So, who or what are you really?”
“I am a life form.”
“I am a life form too. My life force is called a human. My name is Leer. What are you really?”
“I am not a human species. Therefore, I am an intraspecies.”
“I originally come from the planet of Neptune. Where do you come from?”
“Here.”
He smiled and shook his bone skull. “My human ancestors originally were born on the planet of Earth, before they moved there to the planet of Neptune. This place is called the Solar System within the Milky Way Galaxy. So, where do you originally hail from to be here on Planet Pluto?”
She smiled at Leer. “Here.”
He chuckled with a smile. “Right toe! We can work on that question later. What is your real name?”
“I do not have a name. But I will use the human name of Purry, since I occupy her human body too.”
“Right toe! That’s a very good idea. How long are you staying here on Pluto, Purry?”
She smiled. “Forever…”
“Leer…” Eartha coughed out the word.
“Eartha,” he spoke out loud. His eyeballs shift from Lava Girl to Eartha. He gasps in fear.
Eartha is hugging her own body keeping warm from the lack of heat wearing an ashen face and a set of blue tinted lips for an upcoming death act here inside the warehouse. The molecules do not contain breathable air currents.
Purry turns her face and studies Eartha. She announced, “I know her.” She scoots down the wall with ease as a stone statue in the free gravity atmosphere then stops studying at the black-tinted hair roots on Eartha. “I know you. You are a mean human. You tried to kill me…”
Eartha inhales a heavy breath trying to speak her last words among her dizzy headache slowly depleting the rest of oxygen molecules in the air into her healthy lungs. She possesses a set of chapped lips and a drooling tongue of dry liquid viewing her naked feet, closing her two eyelashes from the pain. She whispered. “I did kill you. I killed the evil human medical physician named Purry Mummery.”
“Why would you do something so mean and nasty to me?”
“I was killing the alien that has invaded my galaxy…”
“I am not an alien. I am a native too.”
“What!” Eartha whined. She looks up and presents a confused brow and as her body shivers within the coldness of the room.
Her face shifts into a confused brow, consisting of pretty, tiny, lava glittering particles. Purry asked, “What is wrong with you, human species?”
“No air in here. I can’t breathe on outer space molecules like you. The room is slowing filling up with poison air for me as a human species.”
“O! I see.”
Outside the warehouse, Leer bangs both of his space gloves on the cracked glass. He shouted through the space helmet transmitter and as his words transmitted through the cracked glass of the vacuum door and the busted space suit of Eartha, “Help her! Save her, Purry! Save her from death!”
Her face shifts into a sour frown of lava particles. “I do not…”
“I don’t want your help, alien.” Eartha announced. She exhales a puff of dry air and as her lungs ache for oxygen molecules. “Go away! Get away from me! Go and do something but stare at me! I wanna die in isolation and peace.”
Her face shuffles into a smile displaying an open mouth of lava-coated straight teeth. Purry said, “I have observed that a human is both stubborn and stupid…”
“Help her! Save her, Purry! Save her from death!” Leer screamed. He starts to bang on the glass door again. The door slowly continues to crack with a set of small shattered holes but does not break for an entrance point.
Purry squats down and reaches out touching the soft, black colored hair strands of Eartha. “I like your long black mane…”
Eartha whispered with a puff of fury, “Hair.”
“Hair,” she smiled. Then the tiny lava particles twinkle and grow underneath the dull artificial lights as her lava-coated skull rapidly grows and glows extending down from the top of her naked bone skull down to her tiny waistline, like a set of long human hair. Purry stands upright and shakes her long, lava-coated hair strands, smiling with delight. Then she scoots away from Eartha moving down the wall then stops standing in front of the vacuum door and Leer. She said with a confused brow in lava particles. “I do not know how to save the mean human girl. Do you have an answer, human species Leer?”
He smiled, “Yes, I do. I have a second space suit.” He slammed the body chest into the glass door making a loud noise. “This thing is a space suit for a mean or a nice human. I have a second one inside my starship outside this warehouse building. I’ll get the space suit for the mean human. Can you break the thick glass of the vacuum chamber to let me inside? I can’t break the glass. It is too strong for my human strength.”
Purry lifts her arm with her folded fist. Leer raises both his space gloves and gasps in alarm. He shouted into the transmitter, “No! Do not do it yet, Purry! Lemme go and get the space suit for the mean human. Don’t break the glass! Eartha will die. She can’t breathe in outer space like…you.” He shoves his body with both gloves away from the glass door chamber, pressing the thrust button flying backwards towards his starship while watching through the glass door. He whispered for his eardrums only. “This is crazy. This is wonderful. This is weird.” He slams his back spine into the side metal on the Beetle starship, without stopping, smashing his front enamel teeth into the face mask, within the space helmet, after completing his silly space flight maneuver.
He spins around in outer space and slowly crawls over the exterior metal of the ship, into the open hatchway, swimming with both his arms towards the storage locker of space suits. Air-walking always feels like he is swimming underneath the water on his home planet of Neptune.
He slams into the storage locker as the door opens. He reaches in and grabs another space suit whirling around in one fluid motion, performing an air-walk with a set of running legs towards the open hatchway. He flies from the away Beetle starship. He whispered for his eardrums only. “If we got out of this alive, I’m going to ask Eartha for a date with dinner and dancing too. Yeah, she deserves some tender loving care from me.” He cuddles the second space suit into his chest and presses the gravity button swiftly flying down towards the warehouse building and then depresses the gravity button. He carefully floats forward within Zero Gravity atmosphere then slams the other space suit into the broken glass. He gasps of pain. Then he shouted into the transmitter to Purry. “Purry, I got the suit…”
Inside the warehouse, Eartha yelled with a weak puff, “No!” She exhaled with a puff of pain.
Leer gasped. “What?”
Eartha exhales with a puff of pain from the low oxygen atmosphere. She softy spoke, “No! She should die, too, for killing the child, the children, the adults. She will die, too, like me. She can’t get leave, either, without dying, like me.”
Her face presents a confused brow and faces Eartha. Purry asked, “Why should I die?”
“You…you murdered the little girl, that is a monkey girl now. You deserve to kill.”
She stated, “I do not.”
“You claim to live here on Pluto. You claim the body which is a human. You should have and could have and must have tried to save the life force of the little girl. But you did not. You should die too. You are the real murderer of all the dead humans here inside this isolated warehouse.”
Purry shakes her new, long, lava-coated ponytail and wears a sour frown. She stated, “I did not harm the little girl. The human body named Purry Mummery, she did it.”
“Why didn’t you save the little girl and the other four dead humans here inside the warehouse?” Eartha coughed from the lack of air molecules into her human body.
“I…”
Eartha sneered. “You wiggled off the wall like a nasty cockroach and then occupied that human body like a lovely hostess.”
Purry frowned. “You don’t understand. I am not human. My body is not human either.”
“Eartha, stop arguing with her, right now! Purry, come here and break the glass down, right now!” Leer shouted into the transmitter that echoed throughout the room. He slams the second space suit into the glass, exhaling with worry and anger at two silly females. 
Eartha sneered. “Purry was not human either.” 
Leer gasped. “What...what are you talking about, Eartha?”
Eartha coughs out loud and hugs her chilly body from the cold air molecules, leaning her heavy bone skull into the solid wall of frozen lava particles. She softy spoke, “I know the truth, Alien. Purry is not a human species, like me, either. She is one of you…your intraspecies too, darling!”
Purry gasped. “How do you know the truth, Earth Girl?”
Eartha gurgled with her dry throat and dry tongue, “The food tables.”
Leer joined the conversation and stated with confusion. “What about the food tables, Eartha?”
“You or she or he or it or they supplied a table of fresh food items during our entire Outlaw visitations from our Outlaw criminal investigation. However, no other human bothered to walk to the table for a piece of food.”
“What’s going on here, Eartha, Purry? What am I missing here?” Leer yelled through the glass door which echoed through the broken space suit on top of the glittering lava-covered floor.
Eartha coughed. “Purry Mummery or Taradiddle never lifted a piece of food or a glass of liquid into an open human mouth.”
“What? How do you know that? I don’t understand, Eartha.” His voice echoed into the warehouse room and as Leer presented a worried brow.
Eartha coughed with a whisper. “Check your memory banks, Purry! You are occupying all the brain memories and all the body bones of a dead and gone medical physician named Purry Mummery. Do your recall this memory? When Leer and I entered into your plutonian hourglass shaped house, there was always a food table.”
Her lava-coated lips morphs into a smile. Purry said, “Food is a plutonian custom for all visitors and natives inside the house.”
His voice shouted into the room, “She’s right, Eartha.”
Eartha coughs out loud and closes her eyelashes. She said, “Leer ate and didn’t die. But no other plutonian consumed a plate of food. Where I come from, everyone eats all at the same time…”
“Stop!” His voice screamed. “You’re not making any sense, Eartha. Purry could have eaten before or after we arrived or left her house. Break the door down, Purry! So, I can enter and save human girl Eartha.”
Eartha coughed out loud. “You witnessed it too, Leer. No human ate the food. You ate all the time. You told me that your throat was parched from sucking down the recycled air inside the space suit. You almost ate up the entire table of food and all the drinks, without interviewing Mummery or Taradiddle. I noted that Mummery, Taradiddle, and Renato didn’t touch a sip of water from the cold dry air inside the house.”
His voice sneered. “You didn’t eat either, Eartha. Stop talking! Purry, come here and break down the vacuum door right now!”
Eartha coughed. “Taradiddle didn’t eat the fresh plates of food. Mummery didn’t eat, because she didn’t have to eat. She is an intraspecies too. She didn’t have to eat to life. She didn’t live off air like humans or food like humans...”
His voice snarled. “Eartha, you’re running out of air, if I do not get inside the warehouse.” He slammed the other space suit into the glass door as the glass did not break from his weak human strength.
Eartha coughed. “I don’t care. I want the truth told to her and from here, before I die. Evatisha Doil died without the truth. Where is the biological mother of Evatisha Doil, Purry?”
Purry frowned at Eartha, “What is, her mother?”
Eartha coughed. “Mrs. Doil is missing.”
Purry gasps with fear, like a human female. She announced, “Missing! Mrs. Doil is missing from her home. Did she return to her home planet?”
Eartha coughed. “No. Stop repeating my words. Tell me the truth here and now! What are you? Who are you? Why are you here?”
Purry frowned. “I am not fibbing. I am a native of the galaxy too. However, I am two parts.”
“What! Explain that last part!” His voice yelled into the room.
Purry stated, “I am this in this form. And I am not this in this form.” She reaches down and touches her lava-coated chest, presenting a lava-coated smile to Eartha.
“What!” He repeated.
“Forget it.” Eartha coughed. “She is an alien. I am a human. We are both trapped inside the warehouse. We both will die as our punishment for not saving the little girl named Evatisha Doil.”
Purry changes her smile into a stern face, like a human female. She shouted, “No. I will not die. I am part of this planet.” She spins around and lifts both of her arms, slamming her two folded lava-coated fists into the solid glass panel on the vacuum chamber. The glass shatters first then next swiftly drops an array of large fragments down on top of the floor and at the naked feet on Purry. Purry continues to beat down the solid glass with superhuman strength, slowly entering the damaged vacuum chamber. She told Leer, “I do not breathe air or eat food. I live in outer space. I can escape from the warehouse too.”
“No!” Leer screamed. He touches the glass with both his space gloves trying to stop her from breaking the exterior glass door inside the vacuum chamber. “Don’t! Stop! You will flood the enclosed room with more outer space air molecules. Eartha will die.”
Purry stops her advancement and then smiles at Leer, like he is her new friend. She stated, “She wants to die. I want to live.”
Leer gasps in alert then nods with a worried brow. He said, “She wants to live. I want her life force to live also.”
Purry tilts her chin to the side and wears a blank expression, examining Leer. She stated, “Your heart rate has increased. Your pulse rate is higher. And your blood pressure has jumped. Your face is sweaty. Are you scared of me?”
“I am not scared of you. I am worried about Eartha.”
Her face turns and views a folded Eartha dying in the wall corner. Purry asked, “Do you care for the mean human?”
“Yes.”
“Very well,” Purry expressed, like a human female. She spins her body around and swiftly pads ahead to the one of the dead animal-human things then stops squatting down. She reaches out grabbing one leg and then rips off the limb from the dead animal thing producing a swishing sound.
Leer gags on his mouth spit then swallows the bitter bile back down his dry throat finding his voice. His voice yelled into the room. “What…what are you doing?”
Purry continues to tear and rips a series of flying red-colored blood, broken pink colored guts, and white colored bone fragment, removing the outer skin on the blue-colored, monkey-like species using her rock lava-coated hands. She explained to Leer, “I am two parts. This is my second part. Each one of the dead humans is the second part of me. Each one would be a mixed interspecies blend of human and me. Earth girl is only a human species. If I break the glass, the outer space molecules will freeze and kill her human body within 0.003 seconds or less. However, the second part of me will create a pocket of air around her body as you move Earth Girl into the metal space suit to live for a longer period of time.” She continues to tear and rips off the outer skin from each dead animal things.
The lizard-like species represents Gladkit’s dead biological daughter; the monkey-like species is Doil’s dead biological daughter, and the horse-like species is Gladkit’s dead legally married husband.
 Purry creates a long pup tent of colorful outer skins from each new species squatting down and grabbed, lifting the tent in the air with her superhuman strength. She slowly stands upright then slowly spins around seeing Eartha. The wiggling floor of pretty lava particles lifts up, like a short elevator carriage, toting Purry ahead to Eartha. Then the floor drops down and becomes part of the wiggling floor again.
Eartha is folded into a fetal ball resting in an unconsciousness state due to the low oxygen air within the warehouse room starting to turn a pale blue color on her face structure.
Purry reaches down and wraps the pup tent of colorful animal skins over the folded body on Eartha, until the earthling is swallowed up into an array of the different colored skins. She stands upright then spins around wearing an upturned smile, moving to the exterior vacuum glass door. She announced to Leer, “I have completely covered Earth Girl with the skins of me. She is inside a tiny pocket of oxygen molecules to live for a shorter period of time. You must enter the room and take Earth Girl to your starship for health purposes.” She stops in front of the glass door and rears back her folded, lava-coated hard fist hitting the exterior door, smashing the glass with ease. She sidesteps away from the falling glass fragment within the air, like a flying superhero.
Outside the warehouse, Leer breaks through the rest of shattered glass using his space gloves, launching his body into the enclosed room, dog-paddling in the Zero Gravity atmosphere towards Eartha. He feels worried and panic rushing to save Eartha, before she dies. He slams into the side wall beside Eartha and presses the gravity button falling down from the air and then stops a few finches from the wiggling lava coated floor. He ordered through the space helmet transmitter with his words. “I could use some help here.”
Purry back steps from the damaged vacuum chamber then spins around racing in the room, veering towards Leer. She stops and stands beside him in silence.
He releases the second space suit as it hovers inside the zero gravity atmosphere within the warehouse interior environment. He presses an exterior button on the floating space suit as it slowly cracks opened standing upright on a set of two leg casts, like an upright coffin from a horror movie. Leer shoves and snaps the space helmet over the floating body cast a few inches from the wiggling lava-coated floor. He does not want the unit stuck or sticking to the sticky materials.
His voice stated with a serious tone. “Hold the space suit down but don’t touch the wiggling floor of live lava particles with the foot pads as I scoot and grab Eartha and then rest her inside the machine unit for breathing air molecules.”
Purry squats down and extends her wiggling lava-coated arms touching the edge of the space suit steadying the man-made machine with her strong hands, in silence.
Leer hand-pedals in the air as he cannot use the thruster button. The power pack inside the space suit can ignite the air and cause a fire or burn Eartha. He slowly drifts to Eartha and then squats a few inches from the wiggling floor cuddling her body into his chest. As the red-colored blood proteins, pink-tinted juicy guts, and tiny white tinted bone fragments coming from the damaged skins drain and leak over his space suit.
“Ugh!” He expressed with a sour frown. “I need a bath and a beer, after this horror show.” He slowly stands upright then carefully spins around performing a slow air-walk maneuver, carrying both a heavy unconscious Eartha and heavier set of animal skins. The extra weight keeps Leer from floating upwards to the top of the high ceiling, without working the thrust button. He works out a kicking action using his flinging legs through the outer space molecules and then stops squatting down a few inches from the wiggling floor, resting Eartha down into the floating body cast, like a dead human. Her bone skull enters the space helmet portion separating both her of legs into each leg cast. Her arms can become crossed or lie down by her sides, since the space suit is an extra-large body model for transporting an unconscious Eartha back to the Beetle starship for her safety and medical treatment.
His voice ordered. “She is tucked nicely inside. Move back for the suit, Purry.”
Purry releases the foot pads on the Outlaw space suit then quickly scoots backwards in the air, sounding with a girly giggle, wearing a grin, after completing the fun maneuver for the Neptune Boy. She acts like a child. She starts floating in the air and drifts away from both Eartha and Leer.
He gently closes the body cast and then presses the exterior button with the emergency. The space suit snaps shut as the sucker valve of oxygen activates, suck like, an outer space coffin. Leer watches for movement from the colorful skins covering Eartha’s face. He isn’t surprised with a negative result. Her body lies in a state of shock from the lack of oxygen molecules within the warehouse room.
Leer leans down with one hand and grabs the stuff space suit hand tossing the heavy suit in the air thankful for Zero Gravity atmosphere. The suit travels even with his eyeballs. He scoots around and shoves the floating coffin towards the broken glass on the vacuum chamber, getting out of the warehouse.
Purry spins around and sounds with a girly giggle standing upright within the outer space molecules, floating ahead, following Leer. She enters the damaged vacuum chamber and then sails into the outer space environment.


Spacewalk
Cold, black outer space
30:33 hours/minutes


Her lava-coated skin wiggles and glitters in pretty hues of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow lava particles, acting like a space suit, without a space helmet. She floats ahead with ease, without a machine, and moves ahead in an upward direction towards the parked Beetle starship on top of the hanging platform. She remains silence and wears an upturned lava-coated smile studying the familiar outer space environment, experiencing the new outer space flight.
The space suit, holding an unconscious Eartha, easily clears the two broken glass doors as Leer reaches the outer space waves. He slowly tethers his line life rope to Eartha.
Space suit technology is ancient and is used exclusively in the outer space work environment dictated with numerous human body safety controls which does not include drifting around the Southern Polar Axis on Planet Pluto, after a swift usually rescue mission.
Leer floats in front of the spaces suit coffin for safety then presses the thrust button slowly towing Eartha, flying behind an airborne Purry upwards toward the open cargo bay door on the Beetle starship. He wears a worried brow.


Beetle Starship setting
30:44 hours/minutes


The Beetle starship continues to stand without damage and perturbed from an invader on top of the flat platform.
Purry floats inside landing on the metal lip of an open hatchway stepping into the cargo bay within a tiny starship bay, swinging around to see Leer.
He dances within outer space steering the horizontal object towards the hatchway, pressing the thrust button forward. He halts in outer space flying behind the coffin then shoves Eartha through the open hatchway, entering behind the object. He presses the gravity button on the wall. Leer and Eartha slowly drop down to the hard surface. His voice ordered with a serious tone. “Punch the door closed.”
Purry floats next to the side wall and views the panel control. She said in confusion. “I don’t know…”
Leer scoots sideways then leans into the metal wall slapping the button with force, in silence. Both of the cargo bay hatchways close shut. The bright lights illuminate. The gravity force field and the breathable air plume return inside the cargo bay for a human to breathe and a rock person to observe.
He will leave Eartha inside the space suit.
He jerks a new tether line from the metal wall and attaches to the space suit. So, Eartha will not drift outside the cargo bay, if the doors need to be opened during another emergency. The enclosed space suit will protect her unconscious body from body injury and secure any nasty alien germs within the contained life support environment coming from the skin on wickedly-looking human-animal things that reside inside the second warehouse and with Eartha, in case, she becomes contagious.
He presses the release button. He said with a stern face through the transmitter and as his words echoed into the cargo hole, “Let’s get down into the cockpit for the ride back to…”
“My home,” Purry expressed. She stands in place and scans the cozy room feeling new emotions of human curiosity.
His space suit sounds with a loud cracked and then snaps open with a series of tings. He slams open the frontal body cast and leaps in the air, landing down on a pair of naked feet over the cold carpet, wearing the soft, wet, sissy, blue tinted plutonian pajamas. He presented a stern face and as hiss natural voice spoke with a firm tone. “Right toe!” He points to the side wall with two open holes or half-doors. “We’re heading there right now! I’ll take you back home. Don’t worry! You can ride in the cargo hole as the coffin,” he chuckles with amusement. “The coffin with the mean human girl might tumble over your rocks…”
“Dots…”
“Right toe!” He chuckled with a smile. “So, drop down and crawl through the tunnel, for fun, like a…a whatever. The tunnel will lead to a sitting soft leather chair. Sit down inside the soft chair and strap down into the white colored webbing net and enjoy the Beetle ride.”
She nods in silence from his instructions then spins around to see the hole dropping down on the soft carpet on her palms and kneecaps, slowly crawling ahead and then disappears into the co-pilot tunnel hole.
He chuckles with amusement and shakes his long, shoulder-length, blonde-colored locks, instructing a Rock Girl, flying the starship, and saving an Earth Girl. He spins around dropping down on his hands and his kneecaps, slowly moving ahead into the pilot entrance, entering the metal tunnel. He grinned and whispered for his eardrums only. “This is all weird-ass.”
However, the Outlaw assignment is closed shut. The missing child has been found in the disguise or the disgust in the format of monkey animal thing presentation by an illegal medication tube of blue liquid from sorry-ass Planet Earth. The medication had been supplied by a nasty space pirate and received by a vile medical surgeon named Taradiddle, who is the second criminal committing numerous crimes of humanities.
Eartha had figured out the crime and the criminals. She is very smart and not too pretty girl right now with that great big, ugly, red-tinted cold sore on her upper lip, right-side. Well, she might heal up pretty quickly. He long, rich, black-tinted hair strands are pretty too against her glowing pale skin. However, that great big, ugly, red-tinted cold sore on her upper lip does compliment her new black-tinted hair strands and her old pale skin, but it does not make a nice eye view presentation or calm the flip-flapping stomach muscles on Leer either.
However, he has discovered a new side to Eartha Girl on this outer space Outlaw assignment and found a new friend, a Rock Girl.
Leer climbs up then settles into the co-pilot seat slapping the steering wheel with both of his naked hands, gasping in fright. He shouted, “Pilot! I’m pilot, not co-pilot today.”
You can fly the Beetle starship from the co-pilot seat, because the function of a co-pilot is the same, in case, the pilot dies inside the soft leather pilot’s chair, for some strange reason. However, Leer finds it easier to fly a starship on his right-side rather than his left-side for some strange unexplained reason.
He reaches out and presses all the buttons and levers.
The Beetle opens the stored oxygen tanks forcing air molecules through all the circular, hollow, clear pipes coming from the stroke wick of flame. Then a space fire births…burns inside the stoker engines located in the rear of the starship. The Beetle starship is designed like an Earth bug and is called the same name, for shit and giggles.
The front grill is flat and horizontal holding large circular tubes in black color, without distracting from the overall design of silver-tinted metal.
The rear grill is a piece of tall, smooth, and horizontally-shaped metal decorated with a series of Z-shaped clear pipes. Behind the metal, a large empty box houses the continuous flame of fire standing in the middle of a flat floor.
The rear section is called the stoker engine. When the fire flames into a burn or performing an outer space flight, the rear grill blazes in rich, black-colored flames disguising the stoker engine from a fighting foe who flights another starship.
As they say, the bigger the flame, the better the ride.
The stoker engine is the mode of transportation for all starships flying back and then forth throughout the Solar System on one single flame of fire. A space fire does not diminish or blow out within outer space waves. Thus, a starship flies for hours, days, years, and centuries, without stopping for fuel, only halting for food and cleaning out the shit boxes, after butthole visitation from a crew or family or guest member.
The top portion on the Beetle holds two separate cockpits inside a single transparent bubble shield for a pilot and a co-pilot chair. Between the two separate cockpits behind a long nose, the underbelly exterior metal and the top exterior metal are composed with an array of circular, hollow, clear glass pipes also. When the space fire stokes the flight engine, every circular, clear, hollow pipe illuminates with a different color coming from a single flame within the stoker engine box on the rear grill. The identified and assigned colors running thought the hollow pipes, for an operating Outlaw starship, consist of red, blue, green, yellow, orange, purple, and pink.
The pale, girly colors makes the Beetle starship a sissy piece of machine. However, he was not included in the starship design, only steering the piece of girly property. So, he allows his partner Eartha the honor of pilot chair, since the machine looks better for a girl pilot, not a macho manly co-pilot.
The exterior metal of each personal Beetle starship was built in the Jupiter’s manufacturing factories and was designed with any type of clear pipes from a straight line to a curvy line to a circle to a square or to a triangle. Pretty much, the owner can use and bend type of geometric design of a pipe and in any array color range too.
The horizontal center of the Beetle is split into two parts also. An empty cargo bay contains four side walls with instrument panels and mounted palmer screens plus a visual space suit locker for a fun space walk or a serious space rescue. The other half of the cargo bay holds a hidden compartment with stacked sleeping cots, sitting chairs, and rescue equipment.
Inside the co-pilot cockpit, all the indicator colorful lights blink for a split second with an array of colors and then darken into rich black hue meaning the fire stoker is flaming for a burn or a flight. All the console lights inside the cockpit of the co-pilot, on any type of starship, stays in the color of black hue all the time during the space flight, unless there are new troubles. Then the pilot presses a red-tinted button for a panic attack, or a blue tinted for an instant death, adding a tint of hue inside the cockpit.
Inside the pilot’s cockpit, Leer taps the palmer speaker button. He explained with a smile to Purry. “Right toe! We are ready to flame-burn off the hanging space port platform at the Southern Polar Axis of Pluto into outer space waves. You need to tap the illuminated green button in front of your chest twice to keep the communication link open and then talk back to me. Who are you really, Purry? You can’t be the dead, medical physician Purry Mummery, because she’s dead and gone from Pluto, from the Solar System, and from the Milky Way Galaxy.” He laughs.
Purry slaps the button twice and presents an upturned smile of lava particles as the green light turns black hue for the proper communication link with Leer. She said in a high-pitched soprano singling voice like a dead not buried Purry Mummery. “I am an original native of Pluto. I am using your correct term, native. I am birthed and born here on Pluto.”
He grabs the steering wheel whipping the column to the left with great speed. Leer asked, “How old are you? Ugh!” The four legs attach to the underbelly on the beetle quickly breaks off one leg at a time creating a terribly loud, high-pitched, crunching sound as the ship body skims in a circle on top of the platform. He pulls the steering column upwards and frowns with a doubtful tone, “Get it! Got this! We are…were turning around. We must to park on the docking platform and face the direction of the take off, always. Eartha didn’t do that. She is my partner Outlaw. Are you okay, Purry?”
“I am okay. I know that I am not Purry Mummery. I am billions of years old…”
“What!” He shouted. He pushes the steering wheel forward as the beetle burns the flames into a superfast pacing speed going down toward the Northern Polar Axis. “Whoa! Too fast! Too much power!”
The Beetle violently wobbles side to side throughout the outer space molecules as the circular pipes gleam in an array of different colors within the silver-tinted metal panels.
Leer releases the steering wheel, exhaling with a sour frown and a deep sigh. The flame-burn descends back down to a tiny spark of fire as the Beetle levels out swiftly dropping down into the free atmosphere of Pluto.
She gasps with shock, grabbing the console frame. Purry stated with a worried brow of lava particles. “What’s wrong, Leer?”
“Nothing! Nothing here! Nothing is wrong!” He shouted. Leer pulls the steering wheel toward his chest as the beetle slowly lifts up flying forward using a stable flame-burn, heading towards the Northern Polar Axis.
Purry studies the first docking platform on the Northern Polar Axis. She stated, “Don’t land on the hanging space dock platform on the Northern Polar Axis. Turn to your right-side and land on the nineteenth band on the River of Lava. Do you know how to turn this machine, Leer?”
He gently turns the steering wheel to the right-side leveling out the ship, flying to the tallest building. He smiled. “Right toe! Are you a rock? How can a rock talk to me?”
She smiled. “I am a native plutonian. I am born from the lava.”
“You got some pretty dots.” Leer chuckled.
She smiled. “Thank you, Leer! You are getting pretty close to the nineteenth band of lava. Please park your flying machine on the rooftop of that tall building on the nineteenth band. You can see it clearly in front of your eyeballs.”
He presses the lever reducing down the flame-burn to the bare minimum spark, wobbling the ship side to side, approaching a flat, long and wide empty rooftop on a tall building through the outer space waves. Leer stated, “Yeah, I can do that. Will the building hold the ship’s weight? It’s kinda heavy metal.” He chuckles.
“Yes, the building is very strong and sturdy which is made of dead plutonians.”
He gasped with a frown. “Umm! That’s usually a graveyard, down in the ground, that holds a set of dead things.” He presses the lever again as the beetle halts in outer space with a slight wobble hovering over an empty, hard surface top. He shoves the steering wheel away from his chest as the ship swiftly drops down towards a hard surface made of frozen, colorful, lava particles.
Purry feels the ship wobble. She ordered with concern. “Yes, the building will hold the weight of the flying starship. Please rest your flying machine on the top level of the tall building.”
The ship slams down into a puddle of glittering lava particles creating a swish sound without a wobble or scream. Leer frowns at the materials on the rooftop building while pondering a tall building made of dead dots, like Purry. Then the glittering particles slowly fossilizes into a solid floor without eating or burning or dislodging the parked starship. He taps on the steering column for a few seconds, without dousing the flame-burn spark, pondering his next move.
In the co-pilot cockpit, Purry turns and then falls down into the pilot tunnel entrance, swiftly crawling over the metal floor making loud taps from her hard rock-coated hands and naked kneecaps. She smiles at her new adventure and exits the hole standing upright on top of the warm-feeling carpet. She looks down at the carpet and lifts her rock foot in the air from the warm carpet, giggling with the funny sensation on the bottom of her rock-coated soles.
Leer slaps all the lighted buttons off and places all levers in the down position, killing the flame inside the stoker engine, hearing silence inside the ship. The ship is a dead object on top of a tall building. He whispered with a smile. “I did it.”
He turns and falls down into the pilot tunnel carefully crawling over the warm metal floor, wearing a smile. Leer repeated, “I did it! I did it! I did it!” He reaches the end of the tunnel and crawls out slowly standing upright on top of the warm carpet, lifting his naked feet from the heated fabric. He chuckled with a smile. “Right toe! We…I dress for a spacewalk into outer space. I can’t breathe outer space molecules into my life force.” He spins around, moves ahead, and then slaps the space suit locker and the button for a low gravity environment, within the enclosed cargo bay. He is a man with manly strength, but this man is not strong enough to lift then place onto his fragile biological body a 200-pound outer space suit.
The ground space suit, holding an unconscious Eartha, slowly drifts up from the carpet then floats safely in the new low gravity environment.
Purry scans the metal room, the floating space suit with Eartha, and a busy Leer. He views Purry grabbing first then drags out a heavy space suit into the middle of the room. She asked, “Did you feel the gravity shift?”
“No.”
“Did you breathe air?”
“No.”
He dresses in the space suit and closes up the front body cast, in silence, bouncing in the air waves and then slapped the button. Both the cargo bay doors slide open revealing a dark sky with millions of twinkling stars, flying tails from comets, dust particles from soaring asteroids and rotating dots of planets within the Solar System.
Purry turns and moves through the open hatchway scanning the higher atmosphere viewing the dark outer space skyline first then rows of tall and short colorful buildings next and finally the glittering lave particles, within the River of Lava.
Leer floats ahead towards the opposite side from Purry within the cargo bay then halts on the lip of the metal, standing and scanning the familiar scenes, the wildly flowing River of Lava, rows of hourglass residential houses, the taller buildings. He wears a confused brow and presses the gravity button, landing down on top of the solid rooftop floor, slowly moving ahead to the short wall and then stops. He continues to study the building reading the upside number on the front wall. He said with a sour frown and a matching tone. “This place is the location of Taradiddle’s home.”
Purry jumps down from the lip of the hatchway, moves ahead, and then stops standing on the solid rooftop floor, titling her lava-coated chin. She hears the whispered words coming from the human, going into her lava-coated eardrums. Leer is talking to her. She faces the side wall on the building.
Purry said, “Yes, we have been observing him.”
Leer spins around and moves back into the open cargo bay, jumping on the lid and then pads ahead. He stops and squats removing the tether line from the sideways space suit and then grabs the space arm sleeve. He laughs and tosses space suit with Eartha from the floor into the low gravity air currents. The suit bounces up and then hovers in place. He slowly stands upright and talks to Purry again. He asked, “What’s going on here? Why have I parked the ship on top of his rooftop?” He slowly walks over the carpet and reaches out grabbing the floating space suit, shoving it through the other cargo bay hole.
Purry moves ahead to the side wall keeping her, Leer, and the ship from dropping off and then drowning in the flowing River of Lava. She stops and stands in place looked down at the frozen, lava-covered surface, lifting her foot and then stomped her rock-coated heel on top of the floor. The floor particles break open as a large single piece falls down to the bottom floor inside the house. She called to Leer, “Come over here! We can descend down here into the house.”
He clears the hatchway and jumps down from the lip slowly moving through outer space waves towards her rock-coated back spine. The male Outlaw said with a worried brow. “Umm! I don’t wanna be a rude house guest, but I can’t fit this big sideways coffin thing through that tiny floor hole.”
Purry spins around and examines the size on the coffin spinning around, lifting her feet and slaps more of the floor particles. A large hole appears as large chunks of lava particles descend down hitting the floor, sounding with tiny thumps.
He laughed. “Wow! Dead folks follow instructions too.”
She shuffles ahead then swiftly drops down, like a rock, into the big hole, disappearing from Leer. Her voice echoed within the outer space waves to him. “There is a Zero Gravity atmosphere down here inside the inner hallway of the house. It looks like an accident of broken walls and broken glass.”
“That’s good and not good.” Leer expressed. He shoves the space suit sideways towards the hole.
Eartha is resting inside the body cast, like a sleeping baby. He does not want to shake her bones or her body liquids, too much, without checking for more body injuries by a dead and gone human Mummery. However, the live body of Mummery is both walking and talking around in Zero Gravity environment while looking like a pretty rock. 
“This stuff is weird-ass crazy now.” He announced. Leer exhales with the huff of mixed emotions of excitement, worry, and exhaustion pushing the sideways space suit down the hole opening. He presses both his of space gloves on top of the coffin shoving his muscles and arm strength downwards to the floor. The suit starts to fall downwards. He jumps on top of the suit riding it like a floating sofa. The interior hallway inside the house of Taradiddle glitters in the dead plutonian lava dots.
The space suit slowly drops then halts a few inches from the heated floor. He jumps off. Then the sideways space suit starts to rise back up to the rooftop. He pushes the space suit through the low gravity air towards the vacuum room following Purry, the living rock girl.
Then Purry disappears around the wall corner.
The space suit shakes side to side. Leer frowned with a grunt. “Ugh! I gotta perform more biceps and triceps workouts, tomorrow morning. My arm muscles are both flabby and floppy. I can’t move a coffin through Low G…” The space suit shakes side to side again. He stops and stares at the sideway space suit, gasping with a whisper. “Eartha, she’s awake and moving inside the space suit. Check the house for air!” He cracks open his space helmet, closing his two eyelids, and gulps in the air molecules, feeling the tickle of fresh re-circulated air for both him and Eartha. “Yup! The dead dots like to breathe human air too.” He chuckles and slaps the first snap outside the space suit, back stepping away from the wiggling coffin. The action causes the first metal snap to break open for an emergency, such as, this one. Then each snap mechanism pops open sounding with a set of loud tings. The lid of the space suit sounds with a loud crack.
Eartha rests on her back spine sounding with a set of loud groans and a string of soft whispered words. She said, “Out! Get me out.”
Leer moves ahead, stops, and stands in front of the lid, jerking the item from the body cast. The lid detaches and floats in the air, within the low gravity field.
“Ugh!” Leer sneered with a set of curled lips, touching his nose with the strong smell of dead animal skins and dried animal blood. Eartha is partially covered in the dead skins, dripping blood and sprinkled pink guts of the three animal-things inside the second warehouse. He sneered, “You stink, girl!”
Eartha slowly lifts her head folding upright at her fitted waistline, sitting on her ass and her legs, tossing the creative tent of numerous animal skins from her wet, smelly body. She shouted with more firmness, “Out! Get me outta of here! What…what is this thing? It’s hairy. It’s dirty. It’s bloody. It that my…” She gasps in alert. “Ahhh!” The space suit drops down landing on the hard floor, sounding with a loud thud.
“Normal gravity has returned to the house.” Purry yelled hiding around the wall corner.
Leer squats down and laughs with a grin at Eartha. He said, “It is three different animal parts.”
She jerks the messy tent of animal skins from her chest and her legs, presenting a pair of curled lips. Eartha screamed, “What…where are these animal parts doing on my body? Get them off of me!”
“Don’t you remember, Eartha? You were located inside the second warehouse on the southern polar axis.”
“Yeah!” She sneered. The female Outlaw continues to pick and toss off an assortment of torn animal skin containing pink tinted guts and white tinted bone fragments from her arms and her legs as the animal parts drops down messing up the clean floor in Taradiddle’s house.
He smiled. “Well, “I had to cover your body in the dead animal skins, so you didn’t die when I broke open the interior vacuum door.”
She gasps with shock, tossing more of the animal pink guts, white bones, and gray tissues from her legs and her feet. Eartha snarled, “You covered me in this. Ugh! Come and get these things off of me, right now!”
“Stand up! It’s perfect gravity in here now.”
She stands on top of her kneecaps and climbs out of the grounded space suit dripping in an assortment of gooey red blood proteins, sticky assorted animal pink guts, and broken white bone fragments. Eartha screamed, “Ugh! I can’t look at myself.”
“Ugh! I can’t smell you.” Leer laughed.
She gasped. “Where’s a shower stall? Don’t brother with an answer! I’ll find it myself. I feel wet and smelly and stinky and wet,” She spins around and shuffles down the hallway looking for the nearest refresher room.
Leer nods with a laugh and a huff of relieve. Eartha is healthy and angry. Good anger is healthy. He presses the interior release button. His space suit pops and then cracks open with sounds of soft tings. He shoves the frontal body cast to the side and then leaps out landing on top of the heated floor with a smile, dashing down the hallway on a pair of naked feet. He hears the high pitched soprano voice of Purry, the Rock Girl.


Front vacuum room (outer space to eighteenth band)
31:53 hours/minutes


Purry enters the vacuum room then halts, slowly swinging around in a circle, extending both her hard rock lava-coated arms even with the floor. She announced, “Come out! It is okay now! Come out now. Everyone, come out and see me!”
Leer stops and stands inside the archway of the vacuum room. Purry looks cute twirling like a dancer in her pretty glittering rock suit on her rock body.
Eartha rushes from the refresher station down a long empty hallway with cold air molecules, dashes ahead without colliding into Leer and then stops. She stands beside him wearing a head of wet, black-colored hair, an oversized, yellow-tinted, soft, sissy plutonian pair of pajamas from Taradiddle’s closet and a pair of naked feet. She gasps in shock.
Purry continues to twirl in a circle in the middle of the vacuum room, flinging both of her arms in the air. She softly chants in a lovely soprano song. “Come out and see me! Come out and see me…”
Eartha sneered at the whirling Rock Girl. “What in the hell is she doing?”
“Calling the ship,” He chuckled.
“Why she is twirling around and around in a circle?”
“Calling for help.”
“Come out and see me, everyone!” Purry continued to twirl and chanted in a lovely song-like voice wearing rock-coated a smile. One of the tall art pieces shimmers and shifts sideways with live action movement. Eartha covers her mouth without screaming in terror. Leer drops open his mouth without yelling in fear. Each stationary art piece shimmers, shifts, swirls in a circle and then stops showing an upright humanoid figure shape wearing a rock-coated dress, unlike Purry.
Purry stops her twirling and then smiles at a new Rock Girl, who is short and glows in an array of lava-colored dots of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow. Purry nods with a smile to her new friend. She expressed, “Excellent move! Don’t be afraid! Everyone, please, come out and meet our new friends.” She waves her hands and her arms.
“What about the Bad One?” The tiny Rock Girl asked. She wears a rock-coated frowned viewing Eartha.
Purry waves both her hands smiling with a nod. She stated. “Taradiddle is not long a concern. Come out everyone and greet our new friends!”
Two more art pieces shimmers, shifts and then morphs into an upright human figure presenting a male and a female humanoid life form. More of the smaller individual art pieces start to shift and then form into an array of shorter human-like rock people. The entire room become colorful and overcrowded in human-like figures, who dress in rock-coated clothing, on a rock-coated body, presenting a rock-coated face.
Purry stops twirling and faces Leer wearing her rock-coated smile. She introduced, “I would like for you and Earth to meet my friends, neighbors, and relatives.”
Eartha hissed with fury, “I see an entire room of rock people. Joy!”
A shorter Rock Girl points, sneers and views Eartha. She announced, “I am a native of Planet Pluto, not a piece of trash from sorry-ass planet Earth, Miss Earthling.”
Eartha gasps in shock and then hisses in anger at the tiny rock-coated life form, folding both her hands into a pair of fighting fists, sneering at the earthling insult.
Leer gasps in shock at both the form and insult coming from the shorter Rock Girl reaching out and grabs the bicep on Eartha then cuddles her into his chest. Eartha still hisses like a cat at the shorter Rock Girl. Leer expressed, “Now, I want all the…um…people to practice being nice and friendly to…uh…the other people. We all live here in the Solar System, on different planets, all within the Milky Way Galaxy, for fun and adventure. I think. I hope. I pray.”
Eartha jerks her body away from Leer sneering with a sour frown at all the rock people. She asked, “What is going on here, Rock Girls and Rock Boys?”
Purry turns and smiles to Eartha and then Leer. She said, “We are introducing you to the real natives of Planet Pluto.”
Eartha buzzes her lips then frowns, reached out, grabbing Leer’s hand. She nodded with a fake smile. “Zing it! We saw it all. We heard it all. And we are finally done with it all, right here and right now, Lava Babe. Let’s go home, Leer. Our Outlaw job is done. The old human Purry Mummery had been a very naughty human conducting nasty experiments on the Earth kids here on Pluto and murdered all of them in cold blood with her medical suture or something else sharp and pointy that could kill with a single whack. And now, we have cracked opened a fission on the River of Lava releasing the new kids on the block, to boot,” she laughs.
Leer said with a puzzled brow, “I agree with your statement. Now, what about medical physician Taradiddle? He’s part of this murdering spree too. Who is he? Where is he?”
Purry frowned to Leer. “He is a bad earthling.”
He slapped his chest with a smile. “Right toe! Now, I understand your distaste for all earthlings. Eartha is an earthling, not me.”
Eartha raises both her of her naked palms near her sour frown. She shouted, “Wait a minute! Taradiddle is a plutonian native, probably about sixth or seventh generation. His ancestors did come from Planet Earth, like me and Leer’s but he was somewhere birthed here on Planet Pluto. Taradiddle is a native too.”
More of the frozen, lava-colored, individual art pieces start to wiggle into life and then shift into a solid rock-coated life force. Then some of the individual art pieces move ahead sliding over the floor making a sizzling sounded, forming a new human-like rock person. Each smaller rock person wiggles side to side and then stands in place staring at both Eartha and Leer.
Purry frowned with a nod. “Yes, Taradiddle was born on Planet Earth, in the year 2018.”
Leer shakes his head of strawberry-blonde tinted, shoulder-length hair as it bounces across his collar bone. He smiled, “Naw! If that is the case, then old man Taradiddle is three hundred old. That’s humanly impossible.” He laughs. “The human man looks older and appears in his late fifties as measured by a human age.”
“Would you like a beverage or a plate of food? Your human bodies need nourishment as a handsome human.” Purry explained. She spins around, shuffles ahead to a food table, and then stops pointing at the fresh food, wearing a rock-coated smile.
Eartha slowly scans the new room and wears a sour frown, pointing at each living rock piece. She shouted, “Wait! What’s happening in here on the top of the side tables? Why are all the art pieces mating or fucking or something?”
“They are fusing, not fucking.” Purry announced. She swings back around and smiles at Eartha.
Leer laughed. “Right toe! This is mating ritual party for the native plutonian. That’s cool!”
Purry winked at Leer. “Thank you, Leer!”
Eartha turned and growled at Purry, “Outlaw Leer to you, Rock Girl. Why are keeping us here as a pair of hostages? Is there a juicy ransom that you demand on my person from our leaders, our Earth leaders?”
Purry turned and smiled to Eartha. “Your person is free to go leave here and go back home at anytime from my home world, Earth Girl. I am trying to explain to Leer…”
“Is there another problem here?” He exhaled with a huff of worry. “Besides the fact, Taradiddle might be over three hundred years of age which was quite impossible even within the galaxy. We are all basically a human product. Humans live to be almost 125 years of age with a good healthy diet and a set of happy DNA genes. Otherwise, the old human body dies out of some type of organ malfunction.”
Purry nodded with a stern face. “Taradiddle had been an original earthling from that landing Earth starship from the year 2053.”
Leer exhaled with a huff of major concern. “Right toe! That’s definitely ancient history, that only a true earthling would know. So, what is Taradiddle now, if he is not an earthling or a plutonian?”
Purry spins around and points to a sofa on the side wall, moving ahead to a single chair. She said, “Please, come and sit down over here on top of the sofa. Let us discuss our issue with Taradiddle and the others.” She swings around sitting down, viewing Leer.
Leer does not move. He lifts both of his palms near his sour frown. He said to a rock-coated Purry.” Wait! What others?”
“This is why we must sit and discuss. I have observed that humans do this, a lot.” Purry nodded with a smile to Leer. He slowly spins around huffs with annoyance slowly shuffling ahead to an empty sofa in soft yellow fabric, feeling a nervous stomach of flipping butterflies.
Eartha continues to stand inside the open archway on her naked feet and fluffing her head of wet, black-tinted hair strands with all her fingers. She smiles at the floor of rock people. “We leave and go home now, Outlaw Leer. Our Outlaw assignment is done here. We solved the criminal case. Then we will receive a very nice welcome and warm reception on Neptune, our home world.” She tosses her hair to the opposite side striping more of water droplets down the floor.
He sits down and stares with a stern face at Purry. He said Eartha. “No. There is a new major concern here regarding medical physician Taradiddle and the mysterious others on Planet Pluto. I’m sitting. I’m listening. I wanna know the storyline.”
Purry exhales with a puff of nothing, imitating a human gesture. She does not need to inhale or exhale oxygen molecules, like a human. She stated, “The original earthlings had orbited around the Northern Polar Axis in three ancient Earth starships…
“Wait!” Leer smiled. “That’s it! I was pondering why Pluto was not invaded before the year 2053. The answer is so obvious to me now.”
“What answer? What are you talking about over there, Leer?” Eartha frowned.
“The other Earth outer space starship lands and settles the planets of Mars, Jupiter, Uranus, Saturn and Neptune in the year 2051. However, the planet of Pluto is not inhabited by humans until the year 2053. Why is that, Eartha?”
“Don’t know!”
“I know now. I understand now.” Leer smiled. “The supersonic winds from Neptune blew away three outer space starships beyond Neptune. Taradiddle, he was resting or sleeping or eating on that one of the starships that was blown to kingdom come or somewhere until those three starships found Pluto. Then the earthlings invaded the planet and were consumed by the Bad Ones. The personality of a human Taradiddle lives deep down within Bad One Taradiddle. Thus, both mad human and Bad One are the same. They think, act, live and thrive alike wanting revenge on the human race that abandoned them.”
“You should write science fiction novels, instead of patrol the Pond as an Outlaw, Water Boy.” Eartha laughed. 
Purry clears her throat like a human gesture. She said. “A small scouting party of earthlings left the lead starship and then landed on top in the River of Lava, which is not a nice river of water. The lava particles quickly consumed both the flesh and the bone…”
“What!” Eartha screamed. She swiftly stands upright wearing a sour frown, pointing her finger at Purry. “You did that too. You dissolved all the flesh and bones on a human. I saw it. You creepy-crawled in lava particles on the floor, then over her blue tinted skin and her white tinted bones on a poor dead human Mummery. Ugh! It was a horrible sight! Then you…your lava particles started to burn away and eat her bones and her flesh as it loudly sizzled inside my eardrums and stunk within my nose holes…”
“The graphics are not needed here, Eartha!” Leer reprimanded. He views Purry and sneers at Eartha. She rolls her eyeballs viewing Purry then bends her right arm, fanning the water from her human skin tissue.
Purry said. “The River of Lava houses all our natives. The River of Lava is a living house with all our natives. Our natives have lived there and here for billions and billions of years, Earth time,” she winks to Eartha. Eartha grunts in annoyance.
Leer frowned. “Wait! You and your friends and relatives appear into my eyeballs in human-like form of rocks. So, what format or form are you really?”  He turns to study each rock person.
The entire rock people appear very short in height, like a small child, possessing a set of skinny limbs and a narrow face. Actually, the small child size is not a correct assessment either. Most of the rock people are not taller than an infant baby. However, each infant baby sized rock person presents well-proportioned limbs of hands, arms, feet, and legs. Still all the baby-sized, rock-coated life forces are really creepy looking, who stumble around the hard surface. Or each one leans against the lava-coated wall presenting a set of crossed arms, wearing a stern rock-coated face. Their rock shine in a set of glittering colors of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow tiny lava particles that resembles the flowing pretty River of Lava. The shiny colors make all the rock people appear like a set of tiny delicate play dolls, but they are not.
“She’s a Rock Girl with her Rock Guy. Are you blind, Rock Head Leer?” Eartha laughed. She drops her arm rotating the other limb in the air waves, flinging off the water drops. Each water droplets falls off her then evaporates in the heated and humid air temperatures.
Purry said to Leer. “We live in a liquid state. But we can modify or morph into any type of format or form. We can become a shape of anything.”
“Do a bird! Do a dog! Do a cat! Do a tree! No! Do a starship! Yeah!” Eartha laughed and dropped her limb down to the floor.
Leer exhales with annoyance at Eartha. He said to Purry. “You do not breathe air molecules, like a human. So, your rock form is able to assume a set of various physical shapes. I’m fond of your human girl shape. Your human girl shape is a very nice compliment to the humans. I get it now!” He winks to Purry.
She smiled. “And I am fond of your human male shape, too, human male species Leer. Thank you for the nice compliment. We are trying…”
“…hard to impress us, the humans. Beep! Beep!” Earth laughed. She continues to stand in the archway and slowly whirls her waistline side to side with both her arms upright and extends trying to dry off the tiny bit of water drops between her two naked underarm pits. “It ain’t working, Lava Babe. So, take a hick and dump your rocks back into the river of pretty slime…”
He smiled at Purry. “Enough, Eartha! I wanna here about the war and the original humans. Please continue, Purry.”
“We do not breathe air or liquid either. We live and thrive inside the River of Lava. Back in the year 2053, the humans didn’t understand the function of the pretty…”
“…slime. Yeah, it looks like pretty good slime, without the floating nasty bubbles or the sizzle hiss of burning heat.” The voice shouted behind a screen of long, wet, black-tinted hair strands. Eartha had flipped her bone skull downwards covering her face, fluffing out the wet strands. 
A Lava Man views Leer. He wears a head of shoulder-length hair with a full facial beard made of lava rock particles and an outline of clothes looking very similar to human male species Leer. Lava Man told, “There was a great war a long time ago…”
“O great! A war…” Eartha stated. She tosses her bone skull backward then starts to twirl in a circle drying out her long hair strands. “Am I surprised?  Naw. Am I shocked? No…”
Leer sneers at Eartha. He spoke pleasantly to the short Lava Boy, “Enough, Eartha! A war occurred a long time ago. What else can you tell me, young Lava Man?”
Purry added. “There was a great war between the good and the bad natives. The good natives won. The bad natives were sentenced to live the rest of their days on the outskirts of the planet which would be the numbered bands of one through eight for your human mind.”
Leer nodded with a stern face. “Those bands within the River of Lava are extremely wide at fifty five feet and the current speed is extremely fast at 60,000 miles-per-hour on the floor of a moving trolley kart with another stupid human.”
“What!” Eartha gasped in shock. She starts to shake her hips, presenting a sour frown, trying to dry her inner thighs from the tiny wet moisture molecules. “I’m not a stupid human, Outlaw Leer!”
Purry explained, “The bad natives or Bad Ones fight with each other all the time inside the numbered one through eight bands on each River of Lava. That is what creates the excessively dangerous speed from each River wave. However, try as they may, they cannot come through our gates.”
“What gates? I didn’t see a gate that blocked any one flowing over the River of Lava.” Leer frowned.
Purry told, “Between the ninth band and the tenth band, we created an underground gate. The gate is really a set of pushed together pair of lava walls, underneath the surface on the River of Lava. You cannot see the underwater gates. But we as the good natives or Good Ones protect and guard it all the time.”
Leer nodded with a smile. “Right toe. I understand. That’s where the tenth band becomes much, much narrower and calmer within the river way at five feet.”
“Yes, the Bad Ones cannot enter through there.” Purry nodded with a smile to Leer.
“Right two. I see too.” Eartha laughed. She starts to twirl in a circle with both her arms extended drying out her stolen outfit. She only bathed to be rid of the sticky blood and the smelly death odor from each dead animal-person thing. She yelled, “Right toe! I can tattle too. The Bad Ones did cross and enter into the good-goody Good Ones native territory but not through the underwater gate thing.”
Purry turned and frowned Eartha. “Yes, they did.”
Leer gasped then frowned at Eartha. “Eartha, how did they do that?”
Purry returned then viewed Leer. “Back in the year 2053, the true earthling-humans that landed on the Northern Polar Axis were immediately consumed by the lava particles of Bad Ones within the River of Lava. Then the River of Lava spat all the earthlings back out in their original shape of a human with their flesh and bones intact. Yes, it is a remarkable feat for a native plutonian of liquid. Pluto physics. The Bad Ones use their lava selfies to reshape and restructure their own rock-coated bodies inside each earthling-human shape by keeping the pale skin flesh and the ugly human face.”
Leer gasped. “Can you do that, too, Purry?”
Purry gasped in shock imitating a human gesture, shaking her long, rock-coated hair strands, “No! Yes! No! The Good Ones, like me, have elected not to show our dark side at any time to any other life form, until today.”
Eartha drops her bone skull down without hitting the floor base combing out her long wet hair with her fingers. She shouted through her hair strands. “Right toe! This is getting really good, now, Outlaw Leer. I’m so glad that we stayed to see and hear the rest of their horror show.”
Leer exhaled, “Enough, Eartha!”
Purry added, “The Bad Ones were in disguise as an individual dead but alive human and then they all entered back into the earthling starship, flying back to the fleet of earthling starships. One by one, a smaller starship descended down and then landed at the Northern Polar Axis and then all the humans were immediately consumed by all the Bad Ones. Then each Bad One burned and then reshaped their lava selfie into a human for fun…”
“No!” Eartha yelled. She tosses her bone skull upward as her hair flies backwards frowning at Purry. “There is not fun in murdering a human body.”
A second Lava Male possesses a pointy beard of lava, a lava mustache on his rock face, a pair of long rock-coated trousers, and a long trench coat of lava also and frowns at Eartha. He stated, “To be honest here! This is our home world for billions of years. The earthling-human starship invaded our home world. Granted, the humans did land on top of the home of the Bad Ones. But the Bad Ones are the real and true natives of Pluto, not one single earthling-human, like you, Outlaw Eartha.”
Leer tosses both of his palms, near a stern face, stopping the first human-fist to rock-fist fight.  He laughed, “Right toe! No more cat fights in here. We concur with all of ya’ll natives. This is your home world. I have my own home world that I would defend with my life too. Eartha has her own home world too. Please continue with your fascinating story, Purry.”
Purry explained, “The Bad Ones, who really are restructured into a dead but alive human life form, are forced to live above the River of Lava. The elements of both heat and acid naturally flowing inside the River of Lava will melt the delicate human flesh and burn their delicate human eyeball organs. They possess a set of arms and legs. They use their extended limbs to dip down and then drag out a Dead One, who is encased into the protective lava wall from the Good Ones, within the bank numbers from one to eight. Then the Bad One walks in the air waves and flies within the outer space waves within the low gravity atmosphere and then stops at ninth band on the River of Lava. By dragging out all the Dead Ones from the numerous bands of one to eight, the waves on the river flow faster with greater speed with the lava particles of Bad Ones.”
Leer slaps both of his palms down to his sissy pajama pants. He shouted, “Stop! Halt! Cease! Wait! I have some very important questions to aid my understanding of plutonian history.”
Purry winked to Leer. “I would be happy to address your personal questions, Leer.”
Eartha gurgles with a nasty sound and presents a sour frown to Purry. She stated, “He’s being nice to you, Rock Girl, using his good southern gentlemen ways, Lava Person. He is a Neptunian. They are all nice…”
“…unlike a nasty earthling that I have recently meet here on my home world.” Purry announced. She stands and moves ahead, sitting beside Leer on the empty seat, “What is your question, Leer?” She reaches out and touches his hand leaving a warm spot on his pale-tinted skin.
Leer gasps in shock reaching down and touches the warm spot on his hand, looking up with a smile and a soft chuckle to Purry. Eartha gasps in shock then snarls at Purry.
Leer stated, “Right toe! The Bad Ones are the bad natives, here on Planet, who lost the great war. So, the Bad Ones are sentenced to live for the rest of their lives inside the bad lands on Planet Pluto. The Dead Ones are all of your dead relatives living with you, the Good Ones, and the Bad Ones within the River of Lava, which sounds gross. The Good Ones are all of you in standing here in this room, with me, that are lovely shaped in the format of rock-like human. I understand all the characters identified.” He laughed. “The River of Lava runs fast from the continuous stealing then dragging method by the Bad Ones grabbing all the Dead Ones making the lava flow run swiftly like removing the dam or the stopper from a bathroom tub. But if all the Bad Ones are currently a pretend dead but alive human body, who lives on top of the surface landscape of Planet Pluto, then why is the River of Lava still a flowing River of Lava? I would have thought that the River of Lava between the bands of one and eight would be dry or dried out rock formation. I know that Pluto has a rock foundation underneath all this liquid.”
Purry reaches out and pats Leer’s hand with her warm rock fingers, winking at him. She flirted, “You are so smart, Leer. That is correct.”
“Human male species Leer or Outlaw Leer, to you, Rock Girl!” Eartha sneered. “Stop flirting with the human, Lava Girl.”
A third Lava Man wears a head of cropped rock-made hair, a heart-shaped face, and a pair of blue eyeballs shaking his rock-coated bone skull. He stated to Leer. “No! There are numerous and numerous Bad Ones, who live and thrive within the numerous bands of one to eight, inside each River of Lava. There were only 200,000 earthling-humans onboard the three starships back then. Each earthling-human had been burned and then restructured with only a single Bad One leaving billions of Bad Ones, who continue to fight and then die becoming a Dead One, within the first eight bands on Pluto.”
A fourth Lava Man possesses a rock-made ponytail, a facial beard of rock and a three eye sockets. He viewed and explained Leer. “We are sorry about the dead humans from centuries ago. However, the Bad Ones had occupied and then claimed the earthling-human body frame, so to speak. Now, the pretend dead but alive earthling-humans are really a Bad One, who do live but do thrive on top of the ninth, thirteenth, and nineteenth bands in both misery and loneliness. There are not any more earthling-human visitors left to be burned and then restructured. The Bad Ones cannot be returned back into the River of Lava ever. And the Bad Ones inside the River of Lava cannot turn into an earthling-human format either. So, it’s a bad checks and balances system.” He laughed with the other rock persons and Leer.
Eartha frowned. “From the ship load of the original 200,000 earthling-human bodies, how many pretend dead but alive humans form the Bad Ones? How many Bad Ones are left walking above the River of Lava here on Pluto?”
Leer stated, “Eartha brings up a good point. You, as the leaders of the Good Ones, have allowed the walking and talking Bad Ones to live and thrive creating human-like villages.”
A third Rock Girl possesses a head of cropped, rock-coated hair strands, a pair of green-tinted eyeballs on her rock-coated face. Her body wears a long dress and a pair of naked feet. She stated, “Honestly, we didn’t see the harm back then. The Bad Ones were pretending to be a group of dead but alive earthling-humans wearing an organ of false skin tissue and an ugly human face. The original earthling-humans had been died and have been dead for decades. The Bad Ones cannot live or thrive inside the eleventh to eighteenth bands on the river of Lava, where the Good Ones live happily and multiply excessively.”
Eartha frowned. “Wait! There exists 1,430 miles of human-like, hourglass-shaped houses made of glittering frozen slime on the thirteenth band. Each house holds humans. So, who resides inside each house, a true human or a true Bad One? Because I’m getting confused again,” she laughs. “What about you, Leer? Are you confused again?” She starts to chuckle with amusement.
Purry said. “The hourglass-shaped houses contain no true humans and no true Bad ones. The Good Ones live and thrive inside the River of Lava for billions of years and currently now. Some ancient earthling-humans had built these hourglass structures decades ago. Each hourglass house is built from our Dead Ones. Those are the dead dots from the River of Lava containing all of our friends and relatives.”
“Ugh!” Eartha expressed. She looks down then lifts her naked foot in the air. “Are you telling me here? All the furniture pieces and the solid walls and the rooftops and the floors are all our Dead Ones, dead dots from the River of Lava coming from dots? And all the dead dots are like your dead and non-living plutonian natives from billions of years ago.”
Purry turned and winked at Eartha, “Yes.”
Eartha gasps in shock and jumps up from the floor but lands back down, racing ahead to a sitting chair and then stands on top of the empty seat. She shouted, “Is this item comprised of all your dead dots right here too?”
Purry giggled, “Yes.”
“Stop it, Eartha!” Leer yelled. He continues to sit reaching down and gently touches the table top. “But the Dead Ones are all glowing on each furniture piece and each wall setting.”
Purry viewed the furniture pieces. “Yes, the glow comes from each dead dot, who is slowly disintegrating into a fine powdery dust. Eventually, the glow will fade; the dust will evaporate into the atmosphere of Pluto, and finally drift up into the outer space environment, happily becoming part of the cosmos, within the Solar System and beyond within the Milky Way Galaxy.”
“That’s so a sappy, happy sad story.” Eartha announced. She jumps up and down in the chair alternating each one of her naked feet off the hard seat, made of Dead One.
Leer exhaled with annoyance. “Sit down, Eartha! Purry, I understand the Bad Ones, the Good Ones, the Dead Ones, and the pretend dead but alive earthling-human formats. One to eight bands house the Bad Ones. The bands, not of ninth, sixteenth, and nineteenth, are the Good Ones. How can all the unknown number of pretend dead but alive earthling-human formats live and then build a human-like, hourglass house on top of a River of Lava? When I visited the house, I see the lava particles twinkling and then flowing underneath the concrete foundation of the house.”
Purry stated. “The bands of ninth, sixteenth and nineteenth are the graveyard location for all Dead Ones. We do not live and thrive among our Dead Ones like a Bad One. We have erected structures for all of our Dead Ones.”
“O sick of you, Rock Girl!” Eartha laughed. “Can we leave and get away from here now, Leer? We know the completed story, without the cliff notes, and without the film rights, and without the novel box set.” She smiled. “Let’s go and get outta of here, right now, Leer!”
Purry said. “The gang of pretend dead and alive earthling-human formats do not breathe air or eat food anymore, so they can work and built their concrete homes, without stopping. Yes, they have polluted the atmosphere with rows of the tall and ugly white concrete structures. Eventually, the supersonic winds of Neptune will blow the ugly structures off the surface of Pluto. Then our atmosphere will become clean and new again.”
Leer frowned. “I am afraid not. On the Planet of Neptune, the humans have created a series of man-made mechanical windmill-floating machines that split and part the pathway with the 560 miles-per-hour supersonic winds away and from both the worlds of Neptune and Pluto for a safer space travel inside the space craft.”
Purry gasped. “Why did you, earthlings do that? The set of supersonic winds is a natural phenomenon within the Solar System, which is part of our galaxy.”
Eartha sneered. “Why did you consume the earthling-humans, Rock Girl? A human is natural creature that lives and thrives within the Solar System too.”
Leer frowned, “Ouchie!”
“Touché!” Purry frowned.
Eartha gasped. “How is it that you can speak the common language of humans, too, Lava Girl?”
Purry smiled, “The language of the humans! When the Bad Ones consumed the human’s tasty body parts, the cultural and social parts were retained too into all the dots. We have been living and thriving as dots, together, for centuries as a non-aggressive unit of natives on Pluto. We learn and observe each other.”
Leer snaps his fingers with a puzzled brow. He asked, “Where did the all these structured man-made concrete slabs on the space ship docking bay come from?”
“The space pirates,” Purry turned with a smile to see Leer.
Eartha nodded with a sneer. “Those little devils are nothing but trouble here in the Solar System. The space pirates have been supplying the Bad Ones with food, all these centuries, making the pretend dead and alive earthling-human formats survive within your mentally sick horror storyline here.”
Purry frowned. “The Bad Ones do not eat humans, like a piece of meat. Instead, the Bad Ones consume the flesh, the blood, and the bones. The Bad Ones use and abuse the human structure, like an outline or an upright foundation, to hold between the flesh and the bones their liquid self.”
Leer shook his curls scratching facial hair. “So, the space pirates have unknowingly provided a set of wayward wandering earthling human family units here on Planet Pluto plus all the man-made products of concrete slabs and food produce. I see a table of fresh food. The fresh food was delivered here on Pluto, the other day, by a space pirate. I saw the ship’s manifest, there at the warehouse, on the Northern Polar Axis.”
A third Rock Girl exhibits a head of shoulder-length, rock-made hair strands, a pair of yellow tinted eyes, and a short dress in lava particles. She frowned. “That is the doing of Taradiddle. All of this is the doing of Taradiddle. He is a Bad One, a smart Bad One. In the year 2053, Taradiddle had consumed a two year old human child on the earthling starship. He lived the longest of all the Bad Ones and was the leader of the all the pretend earthling-human formats. He lived here in this house. He would entertain and then con all the true silly earthling-humans into coming and then living here. Actually, he only kept them here and then one of a group of Bad Ones was transported from the eighth band by way of a concrete slab. You saw how the concrete and lava adhered nicely together like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, an earthling sandwich. The Bad One would crawl and consume the poor human as it screamed and yelled in pain…”
“You spied! Why did you spy on Taradiddle?” Eartha gasped. “You spied on Taradiddle. You are…” She gasped in shock. “You were all the frozen pieces of art work standing around his…this living room setting on top of the tables and floors of your Dead Ones. Why? What for?”
Purry nodded. “Yes, we spied on all the pretend dead and alive earthlings-human formats. The Good Ones can shift from the River of Lava like a human and then a Good One can freeze in place, like a rock, within the interior oxygen atoms, where Taradiddle and the other pretend dead and alive earthling-humans must live. A Bad One does not need to breathe, only maintain a pretty outside smooth human flesh organ for their nasty evil ploy. As long as the atmosphere contains a low oxygen and hydrogen molecule mixture, A brave and bold Good One took on the mission of spying on all the pretend dead and alive earthling-human formats.”
Leer gasps in shock and points at Purry. He said, “You…you called us, the Outlaws for help. You called us, Outlaws for what.”
Eartha leaps off the chair then slaps Leer’s hand, nodding with a sour frown. She announced, “We get up and get off of here, right now, Leer! This is a continuous Civil War between the natives of good and bad here on Pluto. We are not allowed to interfere. I can quote to you the specific Outlaw regulation on page seventy eight, paragraph thirteen, sentence sixty…”
“Shut it, Eartha!” Leer yelled. “I wanna stay and here all of this plotline.” He smiles to Purry.
A fifth Rock Girl nods to Leer. She told, “We did call you. We do need your help. We are the Good Ones.”
“Don’t worry, littlest Rock Girl!” Leer turned and nodded to the tiny rock person. “We are here. We are staying. Sit down, Eartha! Go ahead and tell us the troubles, Purry.” He views Purry. Eartha sits in the chair and listens to Purry.
Purry reaches over with a smile and pats the arm of the Leer placing her hand in her lap. She nodded, “Yes, we started to see a successful pattern of true earthling-human consumption coming from the Bad One Leader, who is a pretend dead and alive earthling-human format Taradiddle. Then all of his followers, the other Bad Ones, who were pretend dead and alive earthling-human formats were copying his nasty eating habits.
“The Good Ones are peaceful natives living here on Pluto for billions of years. The space pirates are really dumb or smart humans, who make a living by providing merchandise deliveries. The Good Ones cannot directly or indirectly communicate talk with a gang of space pirates either but only observe their terse and brash human behaviors. Some of bolder space pirates looking for more bits and more greed ended up as a body consumption by another Bad One. After a few space pirate crew members mysteriously disappeared, the space pirates did not socialize with Bad One Leader Taradiddle anymore. They will only deliver a small ship of earthling-humans here on Pluto, at the Northern Polar Axis warehouse for their needed bits from the other occupied world planets here within the Solar System. My understanding, the space pirates are paid then the humans are dropped off someplace else. So, the space pirates flew here and dropped off the human…”
“Bodies!” Leer announced, “Were the bodies dead or alive?” He exhales with a huff of worry.
“What?” Earth gasped.
Leer nodded with a stern face. “Space pirates are notorious for collecting all the spaced life forms from all the planets and all the wrecked starships. A spaced life form is dead. However, the organs and the blood proteins are not frozen but viable for a very short amount of time, before it hardens and starts to decay into a vile stinky odor. Nothing touches that stinky odor but space maggots and hair lice.”
Purry said. “Yes, a dead human can be consumed through its fresh set of outer flesh and inner bones from a Bad One. The dead human meat expands with a set of swollen arteries from the popping action of the blood proteins and other body liquids inside the dead human body that can’t escape through a vessel.”
Eartha jabs her finger at Purry and presents a sour frown. She announced, “You did that, Rock Girl. I saw the human consumption method there inside the second warehouse at the South Pole. You possessed and then took over the dead human body of Mummery like…like a leech as the blood sizzled and the bones popped within my eardrums and my eyeballs. You’re sick! You’re one sick old alien girl!”
Rock-covered Purry smiled at Eartha. “I am a native of the galaxy, like you, Earth Girl.”
Leer laughed. “Wow! The cycle is now completed.”
Eartha drops her face between her naked palms sounding with a loud moan to all eardrums. She told, “This story is so mentally sick! I’m going to have nightmares for years, until I die at the advanced old age of 125 years old, an average of human life span.”
Purry said with a stern face. “Please let me explain.”
Eartha looks up and sneers at Purry. She announced, “Please don’t!”
“Please do!” Leer nodded with a smile to Purry.
Rock-covered Purry said. “The vile space pirate flies his small starship and then delivers a dead human body there at the North Pole warehouse at varied hours of times. Taradiddle is not an earthling. He is a Bad One, a native of Pluto. He does not, at first, understand the damaged, dead human body is not breathing. But he immediately understands. He can use the dead tissue and bones from the damaged, dead human body. He or one of his Bad Ones tosses the damaged, dead human body down into the River of Lava on the first band. The Bad Ones do not consume the dead body either…”
“What!” Leer frowned. “Why is that? You said, a Bad One consumes all the flesh and the bones from a human body.”
“Yes, I did. There is a little more explanation of a Bad One needed here, Leer. The Bad Ones not only kill each other but consume each other dead lava particles…”
“Lava particles?” Leer frowned.
Purry smiles and points to her friends. She announced, “Stand up and turn in a low circle for Leer, please.” Three short Rock Girls stand up and then slowly spin around in a circle and as their lava dots glitter under the artificial lights inside the vacuum room. Purry turns with a smile to see Leer. “We are made of the five colors comprising the colors of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow. Do you see how each dot glitters around her rock-body? Thank you, girls! Please sit down. I resume the story.” The Rock Girls sit down.
Purry viewed Leer. “A Bad One consumes another Bad One by selectively attacking and then picking off of one of the five prime colors from the fighting foe. The Bad Ones live and thrive within a vicious life within the bands of one to eight. Literally, a Bad One only survives by fighting and then eating each other into death. The strongest and healthiest Bad Ones live as the weakest and sickest Bad One die into Dead Ones.”
“That’s all life here within the Solar System too.” Leer nodded.
Purry said. “The five colors are very important and vital for a Plutonian native. You must have an exact balance of all five color dots, if you want to remain a Good One.”
“The dots rule.” Eartha announced. She laughs at her sorry-ass day, from her sorry-ass Outlaw assignment, leading to the discovery of a new intraspecies on Pluto, a walking and talking rock format in rainbow colors. She exhales with a puff of annoyance.
Leer smiled. “If you want to remain a Good One, so there’s a black and white choice for a Pluton native?” He laughs alone. The rock persons do not get his ancient joke. He clears off his smile and listens to Purry.
She nodded, “Yes, in all life, there is a choice of good or bad. A Bad One is made up from a combination of an exact imbalance of the five color dots. This is both the extreme difference and the extreme visual difference between a Bad One and a Good One. The Good Ones here inside this room choice to present a Good One displaying the exact number of glittering dots of pink, red, blue, green, and yellow.”
Leer frowned. “What happens if you lose one yellow dot, for example?”
Purry said. “What happens if you lose an eyeball or a finger or an earlobe? The human still functions and breathes and eats, until his death day of old age. The same concept applies but with a wicked twist for a Good One. No one willingly loses a dot. However, a Bad One will willingly exchange a single group of colored dots with each other or fight for a selected colored dot that kills another Bad One…”
“Who cares? A dot is a dot and not hot.” Earth laughed.
Purry said. “During the body consumption of a live healthy human body, a Bad One or a group of Bad Ones attack and then crawl on the screaming human separating and splitting apart their collection of colored dots. At the end of the vile eating process, the dead human is covered in a single pretty glittering color of pink or red or blue or green or yellow as each Bad One has willingly surrendered and then donated a matching colored dot. The other four colors are used to body consume the second, third, fourth, and fifth human as there are five primary colors making up five pretend dead and alive earthlings-humans or five Bad Ones. Do you see the sacrificial pattern of a Bad One? Thus, a Bad One does not die but redistributes their dots…body parts, if you will.”
“Zing it!” Eartha expressed. She tosses both of her palms in the air, wearing a sour frown to Purry. “We all can connect the dots now. How are all the dots related or not related to a dead human? I wanna know that answer, which is gross and disgusting too.”
Purry said. “The key is the number of dots. A Bad One holds an exact imbalance of dots with one dominate main color. All the dots live inside the guts of the live human, so the human flesh acts like a walking and talking storage tank. The dots hold or comprised the natural elements including water, salt, air, and minerals, like your human makeup. A Good One holds an exact balance of the five colored dots. When my dots crawled over a dead human, my dots started to burn the fleshy tissues and then sizzled the blood proteins, then all of my dots acted like a human bio-shell adhering to the skeletal bones on dead Purry Mummery. Thus, I am allowed to present my new bio-shell to you in a human girly shape.”
Leer nodded with a stern face. “So, you cannot really alter our shape anymore.”
Eartha sneered. “Zing it! This is so really gross. You are really a walking and talking dead human, without the flesh and the blood on the inside but with all your glittering and pretty dang colored dots on the outside of a dead human, so you can impress me as a rock-covered short human female. And did you perform this trick for some sick ass fun or what?”
“Quiet, Eartha!” Leer sneered.
Purry sneered at Eartha. “No, I am not trying to impress you, Earth Girl. I am warning you and the Solar System and the entire Milky Way Galaxy.”
Leer nodded with a grin. “Right toe! We are humans. You are dots. The space pirates are dropping off numerous live and breathing human family units, like Mrs. Doil and her daughter, here on Pluto. Then a Bad One or Bad One Leader Taradiddle stores them inside a real hourglass-shaped house, like on my home world. So, Taradiddle waits to collect five alive and breathing humans to match a set of five colored dots consisting of give Bad Ones. Now, I see why Taradiddle didn’t kill Mrs. Doil and her child both. You beat him to it. You kidnapped little Evatisha Doil from her private bedroom bed frame, inside her mother’s house, and then saved her life at first, and then she ended up…”
Purry nodded. “Yes, you are partially correct. We kidnapped the child with the intention of killing her.”
Eartha covers her mouth and gasps in fear, pointing at Purry. She announced, “You…you…did kill her and the other human-like animal things. You told me that inside the second warehouse at the South Pole as a dead human medical physician Purry Mummery. Zing it! We have stepped into a trap, here on Pluto, Leer. The Good Ones are really the Bad Ones. The Good Ones are going to consume our flesh and our bones right here and right now! Get up and move out, right now, Leer! Go and get into the space suit located in the hallway, so we can escape from here right now!” She stands and sneers at Purry.
Leer stands quickly with a sneer and squeezes Eartha’s arm, jerking her back down into the hard chair, presenting with a sour frown. He ordered, “Sit your ass down, before I beat it ugly, Eartha. There’s something else wrong here. What is it, Purry?”
Purry slowly stands from the chair and then twirls around seeing each rock face on her native friends and family. She explained, “There is indeed further trouble here on our home world, my old and new friends of the Solar System. A few Good Ones stored their bodies and stolen a passage on three starships and traveled with three different space pirates…”
“How in the galaxy could you do that?” Eartha frowned. “That means you had to sneak outta of the eleventh band of good and into the eighth band of bad with the other Bad Ones. Do you not see and feel and taste and smell here, Leer! I’m right. She’s a baddie one.”
Purry swings around and laughs at Eartha. She explained, “By fighting and winning, I’m a very good fighter for my native ‘Good’ cause. A few Good Ones successful landed on top of a second hanging space dock platform which was only comprised of Bad Ones located at the South Pole. After fighting and winning, I was the only survivor from the vicious Dot-colored fight and made my way into the second warehouse interior walls. The walls are composed of Dead Ones too.”
Eartha raises her palm and sounds with a giggle. She expressed, “Umm! I have question here please. Why didn’t the Bad One tattle-tail on you…your Good dots to a live, not dead human Purry Mummery. I was there. A live human Purry Mummery was there too. She is…was...is…was a pretend dead and alive earthling-human format and a Bad One.”
The Rock Male said. “In a pretend dead and alive earthling-human format, you cannot talk or communicate with another Good or Bad One that exists in dot or liquid form.”
Eartha laughed. “Good to know! I guess, if wanna write a horror or horrible science fiction novel for billions of bits.”
“Quiet, Eartha! “Leer frowned.
Purry touches her rock-coated chest and smiles. She explained, “You can see that I am the image of that nasty pretend and alive earthling-human format, who is named Purry Mummery. I have burned her bones into my dots, so I am called Purry. I had no choice. The original medical physical Purry Mummery was killed by Earthling Eartha for a very good reason. You had discovered that the bodies of the five humans was not an individual earthling human anymore. Three of the bodies are intraspecies…”
The room sounds with a series of moans coming from each Good One.
Eartha raises his palm again and presents a sour frown. She announced. “Excuse me, again! What in the hell is an intraspecies? Within our Solar System, there exists lonely and only both humans and dots, a lot, now,” she giggles at her funny, silly statement along with Leer.
Purry moves ahead sitting down on top of the padded sofa, exhaling like a human. She told, “There is more of the tale.”
Eartha exhales with annoyance and shakes her semi-wet curls. She announced, “No! This ain’t no happy fairy tale here, Rock Girl. This entire event is a demon tail that wiggles side to side and stabs you inside the eyeball, Lava Babe. What’s the real truth here, Purry? I’m retired of the continuous history and science sessions.”
Purry said. “I have one more history lesson of Pluto to share with you. For 147 years, the pretend dead and alive earthling-human format had lived a dull, boring life inside their silly, ugly white colored concrete building with the occasional drop of a live group of heathy family unit from a money-hungry, greedy space pirate. We burned our dots into some of the dead humans and then implanted our Good One spies into a few homes with a group of present dead and alive earthling-human formats or Bad Ones. Then we happily observed a new pattern. Each pretend dead and alive earthling-human formats or Bad Ones were dying literally the next day in their bed mattress or on top of the warm floor. Of course, the Good Ones burned their dots into the dead bones on the humans and acted like a group of fake Bad One watching the true baddie Bad Ones. Our goal was to prevent the live deaths of the other humans, which we truly failed with misery. We do not possess the proper communication skill or a slower outer space starship or a death weapon.  We feel very sad.”
Leer nodded with a sad face to Purry. “She was a child. That is sad. However, you, with care, tried to save the child’s life but failed. We are called and came here too. We don’t save the child’s life either.”
Eartha frowned. “No! This is not okay. What else has happened or is about to happened here on Pluto, Purry? The demon tale is not finished here, Leer. I am willing to listen with more of your sorry-ass fairy tale, Purry.”
Purry smiled to Eartha. “Earthling Eartha has good instincts…”
“I am smarter than a dot, a period, an exclamation sign.” Eartha laughed with Leer.
Purry exhaled like a human gesture. “Taradiddle is the youngest of the pretend dead but alive earthling-human format or the youngest Bad One. When the Bad One starts to body consume the young live healthy human child, a given probability, he will live the longest among the middle-aged and elderly pretend dead but alive earthling-human formats. Even the human body of bone decays and dies like the rest of the natives here within the Solar System. However, Taradiddle has been proven as the smartest of the pretend dead but alive earthling-human formats too. The youth of babies and the children have advantage over both age and wisdom. When a pretend dead but alive earthling-human format dies, a Good One is there to body consume the dead bones…”
“…like a carnivore cannibal creature,” Eartha insulted. She laughs alone and lonely then frowns. “I thankful that we, space people didn’t eat other humans.” She giggles with amusement.
“Our spy observed, before a pretend dead but alive earthling-human format died, the human body became very sick with head dizziness and stomach vomiting. Taradiddle carefully observed the medical symptoms that too. So, he wanted to learn more about the human anatomy.”
Eartha stands from the chair and moves ahead to the food table. She is feeling hungry and weaker, within the low-gravity environment. She expressed, “Zing it! Taradiddle operated on the poor, stupid alive and breathing stranded earthling humans.”
Purry said. “No. The earthling humans are too valuable as a bio-shell to a Bad One. The Bad Ones desperately want to leave their imprisonment here on Planet, after existing for billions of years, within the first to eighth bands. The body consumption is the only method of freedom for a Bad One So, Taradiddle reached a merchandise bargain with the gang of space pirates to deliver medical information about a human body in exchange for pieces of art work. It is a novel idea.”
Eartha mouth spits her chewed food with laughter on top of the floor, swiftly spinning around, pointing at the items on top of each side tables. She inquired, “Are your suggesting that a sane human has purchased that crappy childish art work sitting on the floor here inside the vacuum room? In which, the art pieces are really your frozen spies in frozen disguise as a gang of Good Ones in the pretend dead but alive earthling-human format. Does that make any sense? No. So, those sorry-ass pieces of twisted silly childish art work are scattered throughout the Solar System.”
She shuffles ahead to one of the side tables, snatching a small item. The item screams first then wiggles quickly morphing into a tiny rock person. Eartha yells out loud dropping the plate of food and the alive rock person both from her hands. The rock person lands on the floor busting into numerous dots. Then the dots swiftly restructure into another tiny rock person. Eartha screams, again, covering her mouth, gasping in shock.
Purry frowned. “The art work pieces designed and created from medical physician Bad One Leader Taradiddle come from Bad Ones.” Leer gasps in shock.
Eartha removes her hands and then laughs with amusement, pointing at each rock person on the floor. She explained, “So what! The art pieces are frozen in high oxygen and hydrogen atoms sitting on stupid human’s polished dining room table, probably with beside a vase of fresh flowers. These art works cannot come alive.”
Purry said. “The Bad Ones cannot come alive. You are correct, Earth Girl.”
“Uh huh! Of course, I am correct.” Eartha offered. She spins around with a grin and grabs a new plate, picking at the food pile.
Purry stated, “However, Taradiddle had learned something new and then retained some type of advanced medical science, that I could not comprehend.”
“Why would you? You’re a dot.” Eartha eats the food.
Purry nodded at the back spine of Eartha. “Yes, I am a dot. My dots can live in both gravity and zero gravity. I can learn and think, without sleeping or eating. I am a native of the Solar System, like you, Earth Girl.”
“Be nice, Eartha!” Leer warned. He exhales with a huff of annoyance at the two females. “Please, continue, Purry!”
Purry told, “In the year 2053, a total of 200,000 earthling humans morphed into a group of pretend dead but alive earthling-human formats. Some Bad Ones died quickly out of existence. Some Bad One died slower and painfully. Some handful of Bad Ones did not die. The spies of the Good Ones carefully watched and spied over the Bad Ones while waiting and watching and wanting them to all die out, before the Good Ones died out and could not report the information back to the leaders to the Good Ones. If Bad One Leader Taradiddle had died, then fleet of illegal space pirates would have left our home world, foreverly. However, 147 years later, Old Man Taradiddle had observed something and then learned something valuable. The clinical symptoms, head dizziness and stomach vomiting, are identified as a growing and then developing brain tumor, inside the human bone skull.”
Eartha drops the plate of food on the floor, again, making a loud ting and then slowly spins around presenting a worried brow to see Purry. She whispered, “All the brain tumor operations.”
Purry said. “Because a pretend dead but alive earthling-human format is composed of a majority of dots from a Bad One and a tiny portion from an earthling-human, so the brain tumor grows very, very slowly over hundreds of Earth years, thus it gives medical physician Bad One Leader Taradiddle time to find a body cure.”
“The herpes simplex virus,” Eartha softly stated. She touches her upper lip, right-side feeling a swollen cold sore, red-colored.
Purry said. “Taradiddle had received numerous different types of medical medications coming from all over the Solar System. The medications were either stolen or bartered by the space pirates and then given to Taradiddle for the continued exchange of dead bodies of humans and the art pieces of Bad Ones. Either way, Taradiddle accidentally ran into the herpes simplex virus by experimenting on the real Bad Ones, who are sick and dying.”
“This man or dot or human is a very Bad One.” Eartha announced. She moves ahead and sits beside Leer on top of the sofa, staring with a worried brow at Purry.
Purry nodded and presented a sad face. “Yes, he is. Taradiddle had also figured out and identified all the fake Bad Ones or our Good Ones, but he did not harm them. The fake Bad Ones were not a threat to Taradiddle, only the Bad One’s brain tumor. And each fake Bad One was composed of the bones of a dead body, which Taradiddle could not touch or use or care, because, like the sick Bad One, a Good One died too here on Pluto.”
Eartha exhaled. “You keep saying that like it is important here.”
Purry nodded. “My next new sentences are very important here. Taradiddle operated on each sick Bad One possessing a brain tumor. The brain tumor is very easy to spot as the gray matter glows in the hue of amber color through the bone skull and around the naked bald skin. All the Bad One shaved off their hair follicles from their skull bone to identify the real Bad Ones from the fake Bad Ones. The Good Ones didn’t understand the reason thinking it was a trend or an identification factor within the Bad Ones. But the shaved bone skull allowed Taradiddle to watch the growth of their brain tumor. As soon as the amber color appeared, he operated on each sick Bad One opening up the skull bone and scattering the blue colored herpes simplex virus over the ugly amber colored coils within the deadly brain tumor. The brain tumor completed disappeared. The Bad One became alive and healthy again. However, the brain tumor operation carried a very bad side effect on the Bad One.”
Leer waves both his palms and presents a sour frown. He announced, “Time out! Your spies are good. If you had been collecting all this vital bad one information from the start, then why didn’t you take out the rest of the Bad Ones and Bad One Leader Taradiddle? Taradiddle is a smart Bad One with a nasty medical knowledge of the human body. I can understand letting the Bad One live and built the hourglass houses from the Dead Ones, for shit and giggles. I can understand letting the Good Ones consume the dots from a dead Bad One, for more shit and giggles spying. I can understand letting Bad One Leader Taradiddle operate and then murder his own creations for his shit and giggles experimentation. So why did you not stop smartass Bad One Leader Taradiddle? He went too far with the killing innocent earthling-humans. Granted, the earthling human family paid for a one-way trip. As an Outlaw, I can’t prosecute Taradiddle for making a meal outta of stupid human or two. No one comes to vacation here to Pluto. No one comes here to Pluto for nothing and no one cares about Planet Pluto either. But Taradiddle is your problem, your homegrown monster creation. You should have Bad One Leader Taradiddle him and then life would be beautiful again here on Pluto.”
Eartha reaches over and slaps Leer’s arm, presenting a sour frown. She expressed, “I disagree with you, Leer.” She nods to see Purry. “Please, continue, Purry. There’s more to the horror story, that is going to affect all of us, including the human race within the Solar System.”
Purry nodded with a smile to Eartha. “Thank you, Eartha. To date, our spies were too good and died for the valuable information. I am, now, part of a dead medical physician Mummery, when I had burned her bones and her gray matter into rock-coated mind. I was both a terrorizing and thrilling ride…”
“You can’t do that again, as a repeat, Purry!” Leer warned. He wiggles his finger and presents a worried brow at Purry.
Purry shakes her long, rock-coated hair strands and presents a stern face of rock. She announced, “No! I am only the bones of a dead human Mummery. I can burn my dots into a new set of bones and become that creature next…”
Leer expressed, “Right toe!” He exhales with a huff of worry, slapping his chest, nodding with a smile. “I wanted to know. I have been forth warned of the new danger to me,” he chuckles.
Purry frowned. “I would never do that. As I said, it was both a terrorizing and thrilling moment when my mind and my bones connected to dead human Mummery. But I have also inherited all her medical knowledge and long term memories and other life time memories as she served as a Bad One, a new side effect for me. This is why I can provide all the vital information and also bridge the gap between Taradiddle, Mummery and the Good Ones. Taradiddle shared all his medical knowledge with four Bad Ones, who all were medical physicians. He plans to leave the rest of the dying Bad Ones here on Pluto and fly with a space pirate to somewhere else, for some other reason. However, Leer had foiled his plot, when you uncovered the illegal boxes of the herpes simplex virus from the space pirates. You’re really smart human, Leer!”
“Me!” Eartha shouted. She presents a sour frown, slapping her chest, sounding her sneer. “That was me! That was me! I figured it all out, my un-nice rock-hard non-girlfriend.” She snarled at Purry again.
“Me and her,” Leer announced. He winks to Purry and reaches over gently patting Eartha’s arm.
Purry smiled. “Right here, I will stop and explain the medical knowledge that I have learned, especially gaining an understanding for the combined brain tissues of dead human physician Mummery. The word herpes is a disease that causes a blister on the skin, the upper lip specifically.”
Eartha reaches up and gently touches her swollen upper lip, right-side as she feels a tinkling pain and her sour attitude. If she hadn’t tried to prove that she was correct with the illegal shipment of medication coming from the nasty space pirate, then her lips would be normal-looking again. Her eyelashes dart to the nose profile on Leer. He stares with a smile at the Rock Girl. Eartha returns and studies Purry.
Purry looks pretty in her glittering colors of red, pink, blue, green, and yellow. Her entire skin appears like tiny colored freckles glowing when she moves or shifts under the bright moonlight rays of Charon.
The entire room containing Good Ones glisten sitting in a rock-coated chair or standing on a rock-coated floor or leaning into the rock-coated window frame without a glass panel. They all stare at Purry, their new Good One Leader. Each rock-person measures either from the height of a small three year old child down to a standing six-month old baby like a group of funny-looking Earth children.
Eartha shakes her semi-wet head of long hair strands running her fingers through the soft strands, dropping the sour attitude. The battle situation is both dire and dangerous with the Bad One Leader Taradiddle running around the planet carrying his stolen concrete box of herpes simplex virus.
Purry smiled at Leer. “The red-colored, chapped, white pus coated blister is not manufactured. It is taken…”
Eartha gasped, “Taken from where? How do I get rid of this tender ugly red bump on my upper lip, right-side? What medication do I need to swallow or eat or burp or chew or puncture or drink?”
She smirked to Eartha. “The blister is a virus. A virus runs its course and then fades but does not ever die. The cold sore will never leave your upper lip, right-side.”
Eartha gasped. “I’m stuck with this horrible red colored, white gooey pus thing foreverly.”
“Yes, foreverly, there is no known cure or medical treatment.
“What!” Eartha exclaimed. She turns with a sad face to see the nose profile on Leer. He winks to Purry and reaches over patting Eartha’s arm, missing her hand.
“Frozen carbon...” a male Rock person smirked and chuckled to Eartha.
“What?” Eartha expressed. She turns and views the male rock person.
The Rock Man wears a bald head, a clean face, a pair of walking pants, and a pair of naked feet without a shirt as his chest tits pumps up and down at Eartha. He rubs his rock covered lips with his finger while smiling to Eartha. He said, “A touch of frozen carbon will make that red thing go pop over your ugly face, Human Girl.”
“Thanks, Lava Boy.” Earth sneered.
Purry said. “The blister is taken from a number of numerous sources, since it is not manufactured. The most common and the most available are animals.”
Eartha gasped, “An animal?”
She said, “Specially, an animal that is affected with a blister on it.”
“What! It is what again?” Eartha gasped.
“I do not want to identify that specific part of the animal in front of the younger rock children.” Purry giggled.
“Zing me!” Eartha dropped her distorted face down into her open palms, without hitting the red sore on her throbbing lip.
Purry said. “To add to the mystic, the affected animals are only located and live on Planet Earth.”
Eartha looked up with a gasp. “Zing me! No! You’re wrong!”
Purry nodded. “I am very correct as I am accessing the pretend dead but really dead earthling-human format and Bad One’s Mummery memories. And you are correct. You did identify the illegal shipment by a space pirate. The illegal shipment came from Planet Earth. This had not been seen or shown on any of the imported manifest slips inside the North Pole warehouse office either. However, Bad One Mummery had received the verbal confirmation from Bad One Leader Taradiddle.”
“Earth!” Eartha gasped.
Leer turns with a gasp to see the ashen face on Eartha and then her blazing red-colored cold sore on her upper lip, right-side. He expressed, “What! Why do you look so scared all of a sudden, Eartha?”
Eartha exhales with a puff of dread and nods with a stern face. She explained. “Planet Earth is divided into two sections, the cities of slums, where all the people live and work and barely survive. And a second section, the open dirt and grass fields, where all the wild animals live, I mean wild and free and dangerous animals. The animals fight and eat each other for food and fun. No sane earthling enters their wild domain. You do not live to see the sunset ever. This is all impossible.” She reaches up and gently touches the cold sore on her lip, right-side. “This…this virus could not have come from an animal, maybe another affected human…”
“No.” Purry said. “It is an animal. A human is immune due to their highly advanced DNA genes throughout the centuries. The virus is taken, not manufactured disease.”
Eartha gasped. “That monkey-animal thing! I saw that monkey-animal thing inside the second warehouse on the South Pole. The monkey-animal thing was a dead but morphed three year old Evatisha Doil. I am most certain. So, she is really a human, not a dot. Her human body could not purge out the filth of Bad Ones coming from the River of Lava. So, she came down with a brain tumor and was operated on by Bad One Mummery. Mummery had verified the physical description of the child during our Outlaw investigation procedure and she had become involved in murdering humans too. So, Bad One Evatisha becomes sick with a brain tumor here on the planet as his or her heated lava particles depletes or grows old or decays. Therefore, a real human can’t live here. Really, if you look at it like this, Taradiddle was doing the humans a favor and expanding their pathetic lives with his sick trick. So, we have truly found evidence of his new experimentation process with the herpes simplex virus. The virus is administrated into the brain tumor and alters the DNA of the real human, also.”
Purry said. “The new pattern of a brain tumor attacks the human components within the Bad One. The DNA of a human becomes altered first. Then the altered human receives a tube of blue…” she gasped. “Wait! I remembered something else from Mummery’s memories. The tube of herpes simplex virus comes in either green or red or blue or yellow. There is a color range.”
Leer frowned. “Why is there a range of colors?”
Eartha exhales with a puff of dread. She explained, “Because there’s a range of animals, inside the second warehouse at the South Pole. I saw a lizard skin of purple, horse hair of pink, and monkey hair of blue,” she gasped in worry. “Yes. Yes. Yes. Old Man, Old Bad One Taradiddle has changed his overall goal from converting live humans into Bad Ones to experimenting on the humans to see what…what…what. What is he doing, Purry?”
Purry exhaled. “Taradiddle is building and fortifying an army of intraspecies here on Pluto.”
Leer frowned. “Intraspecies, what does that word mean to me and my home world, Eartha?”
She exhaled. “Taradiddle is creating a new intraspecies here within Pluto. He has successfully combined the human DNA with the animal DNA. And they live and thrive and work…”
Eartha shook her curls. “No! They are all dead.”
“No! They are alive. Our spies have seen one or two times here on Pluto and then the creatures want into deep hiding. We have been trying to track them down and drown them inside the River of Lava.” Purry nodded.
Leer frowned. “How did Mrs. Doil get through a palmer signal to the Administrator Futch inside the Great Dark Spot on my home world of Neptune?”
“She used that communication devise called a palmer.” Eartha said.
Leer snaps his fingers and presents his smile. He announced, “Of course, it works from here on Pluto too. The signal takes a life time to reach a second palmer, thou. For Mrs. Doil, it took less than the 153 rotation hours of a day and a night here. It’s morning time here. Look, we call and get a set of back up outer space Outlaws here on Pluto to trace down and find Taradiddle and these other weird-ass horror film creatures.” He exhales with a huff of worry and turns with a smile and a nod to see Purry. “Right toe! Backup the storyline here! The Bad Ones cannot leave Pluto, without a starship transport. Right? Wrong! Are you telling me us here? The Bad Ones can travel on a starship or land on another planet in their semi-dead pretend dead but alive earthling-human state as a Bad One?”
Purry nodded. “No and yes. Each Bad One appears like a human on the inside but displays a rock-coated body walking, thriving, talking, and living on the thirteenth band here on Pluto. Inside the pretend dead but alive earthling-human format, the inside contains dots, but the outside has changed or morphed or mutated into this combined human-animal state…”
“We got them!” Eartha announced with a smile. Then she gasps and views Leer, reaching out, slapping his arm. “We got three of them. We fly the Beetle back to the second warehouse on the South Pole and collect the three species and load them into the...”
“I am so sorry, Eartha.” Purry frowned. “I had to de-skin them for you, Earth Girl.”
“What!” Eartha turned with a gasp to see Purry.
Leer turned and nodded to Eartha. “Right toe! Purry ripped off the outer skins on three animal things and some more biological stuff and then covered your human body creating an air pocket of low level oxygen molecules, before I broken out the glass vacuum door. Or you would have been…”
Eartha nodded to Leer and then to Purry. “Thanks to both of you! I didn’t say it before. I couldn’t say it before. Thank you for saving my life! I love my life! I appreciate my life with the stupid ugly red cold sore, too boot. Thank you again!”
Leer turned and nodded with a stern face to Purry. “Right toe! I still don’t wanna believe this or it or them; but I’m gonna. Where do we, me, and Eartha come into the next act?”
Purry nodded. “The Good Ones will go and chase down Taradiddle and the rest of his newly created intraspecies around the twenty six bands. Then you must take him and kill him.”
Leer gasped. “I…”
Eartha nods with her grin, slapping her hand into her chest. She said, “I’ll do it with pleasure, a gun or a knife or a spacing. I pick his death act!” She laughs.
Purry gasped. “Taradiddle cannot be spaced out into outer space environment. We live without breathing air here on Pluto and on the surface of Earth or within cold and black outer space. His outer shell is pretend human flesh; but his inner shell is rock dots. A rock does not breathe but exist. You must pound his rock dots into a dust of fine powdery colors. That way, he cannot reconstitute back into a rock-person within a low or high gravity field on any planet, which any Lava Girl can do it, too it, too,” she winks at Eartha.
Eartha nodded with a smile, “A hand gun will do it, too. You’re a lucky alien girl today, Lava Girl. I can handle two hand guns with two flexible bone wrists and two cupped palms blowing Bad One Taradiddle into a spray of fine dust that a dust bunny can’t find,” she laughed with an evil tone.
“What! What did you say? What does that statement mean, Eartha?” Purry gasped.
Leer frowned. “This will take hours, days, and maybe years to cover an entire planet that size of Pluto. There are twenty six bands with a swift River of Lava. And we, humans cannot breathe water but air. We need more Outlaw help here on Pluto, Eartha. With all due respect, I am an Outlaw, who is an outer space law enforcement officer of the Solar System. And I must admit that your new group of spies, who are Good Ones, appear small in height and weight like small babies and children.” He shook his curls scratching his beard on his pale-colored face.
Purry smiled with a nod. “I can explain the appearance of our spies, our Good Ones. Once upon a time, there were 200,000 earthling-humans who arrived in the year 2053 and then orbited the planet of Pluto. Taradiddle and his Bad Ones body-consumed each elderly, middle-aged, and young male and female, including all the children, infants, and the teenagers. When the pretend dead but alive earthling-human formats started to develop their individual brain tumor coming from all the heated lava particles in their body and in the air currents, the first group of pretend dead but alive earthling-human formats to die off were the infants and children. So, a group of brave and bold Good Ones body-burned the healthy bones, the blood, and the body tissue creating a tiny infant or a small child. Thus, our team of spies appear extremely short with a small amount of tiny human bones, blood and body tissue. As opposed to the elderly and middle-aged adults, the Bad Ones body-consumed the flesh and the bones making a taller and slender human format. But the Good Ones tried to body-burn the rest of the dying pre-teenagers and teenagers. However, the dying pre-teenagers and teenagers were snatched by Taradiddle and then they were used and abused within his evil medical experiments which immediately killed all of them. Bad One Leader Taradiddle is a mad scientist. He disintegrated the human flesh, within the Bad One, into a separate pile of black colored bones or a heap of brown colored guts, without much earthling-human format left. But the Good Ones are ready and willing to fight the fight with Bad One Leader Taradiddle,” she spins around and silently nods to each rock person. Each one silently nods back in silence to Purry.
“Zing it! You and all of your Good Ones got the wrong end of the stick on that deal, Purry!” Eartha stated.
Purry spins around and gasps at Eartha. She inquired, “What does that sentence mean, Eartha? I do not understand the meaning.”
Leer frowned then smiled to Purry. “Eartha’s statement means nothing to me, either, Purry. However, you keep saying the same thing over and over again. So, I am still confused. Human DNA only comes from a human body, that comes from another planet, not here on Planet Pluto, but then the human body ended up here on Pluto and then the Good Ones body-burned and created an army of pretend dead but alive earthling-human formats too. A dead human body that is dead for days contains broken or crashed bones from the outer space wave velocity impact. Does this mean a Good One can only body-burn into a solid, healthy bones?”
Purry stated. “Yes, you are correct, Leer. Yes, A Good One, like a Bad One can only body-burn into a healthy human body of bones, not a sick human body. Does that address your query?”
Leer exhaled with a huff of concern. “Right toe! Yes, it does. So, I will take a shorter Good One army within our new Civil War army over a taller Bad One army, any day of the week. Then you must have millions and millions of Good Ones to fight against the smaller army of Bad Ones.”
She nodded with a smile. “Yes, indeed, we do. Get into your air breathing space suit, Outlaws Leer and Eartha. We are going fly up to the rooftop platform for the best view of my home world. Bad One Leader Taradiddle owns the second tallest hourglass building on Pluto. You will be able to see everything from the starlight view.” Purry spin around and shuffles across the floor, through the open archway, and down the hallway towards the hole in the ceiling panels.
Leer swiftly stands upright and wears a smile dashing behind Purry and then stops standing in front of his floating space suit. The space suit stands upright with the front body cast door open. He fiddles with the interior buttons checking the instruments for a deadly malfunction affecting his life form.
Eartha stands upright from the chair and races across the room following Leer. She stops and stands beside the sideways floating space suit. She frowns and gently kicks the outer shell. She expressed, “Ugh! I can’t wear this thing. The internal walls and panel controls are covered in dried animal blood proteins and the body cavity is broken.”
Leer stretches out his arm, extending his hand, wiggling his fingers and presents a happy smile to Eartha. He stands beside his floating space suit. He announced, “Come over here and share with me, Eartha! I got an extra-extra large space suit size. We’ve been destroying all the regular and small-sized ones during this outrageous Outlaw assignment here on Pluto.”
She back steps with a grin then spins around racing ahead, bumping into the ass on Leer and cuddled his body at his chest. She giggles with a silly grin first then scoots around Leer leaping off the floor, into the body cast floor. The floating space suit wiggles then wobbles as she spins around and implants her ass into the soft thick protection lining. Leer spins around with a chuckle and then leaps from the floor standing in front of her chest, wiggling his body into her body parts. He chuckles with a smile.
Eartha giggles from his sexy sensation making her long trip back home to the Pond pleasant and pleasurable now. If Purry and her small rock-coated army successfully find Taradiddle, within an Earth hour, then Eartha and Leer will be sharing a private cozy lunch table at the Seafood Shack on Neptune and then some more time on Planet Jupiter for a needed vacation. Leer wiggles his arms and his legs into the four oversized limb slots as she slides and then tickles his arms and his legs with her four warm limbs into the same limb slots too. She giggles with a grin from the fun maneuver. 
His front body is exposed in the air. Leer smiled and reached out pulling the handle into his chest. “Are you cozy inside behind my many body parts?”
“Yeah, I’m very cozy.”
“I’m closing the door.” He stated. The frontal body cast slams shut as each latch snaps sounding with a set of soft tings of closure.

At 33:33 hours/minutes (Plutonian time), on the rooftop setting, Purry grins and stops inside an empty hallway standing underneath the broken hole on the rooftop, bending her rock-coated kneecaps and leaps in one sweep from the floor, entering the opening hole, and then smoothly lands between the parked Beetle and an empty spot. She slowly shuffles ahead then stops in front of the retainer wall leaping from the floor and stands on top of the flat ledge. She lifts both of her rock-coated arms in the air. She shouted with a smile, “Come out, every Good One, and show yourself to the human species of the Solar System. The human species are here to help us. Come on out, my fellow Good Ones. Do not be afraid, now, Good Ones. Show yourself…”
Leer depresses the gravity button floating upwards towards the ceiling tiles then presses the thruster button flying ahead in the air down an empty hallway within the former hourglass-shaped house of medical physician, operating surgeon Karnard Taradiddle.
Eartha leans over and hugs his back spine grinning with a happy smile. This is her personal social goal getting friendlier with Leer, but not a foreign planet. She whispered into his earlobe. “We’re going the wrong way, darling. The vacuum chamber with the glass door is in the other direction, dear.”
Leer chuckled. “No, sweetheart! We’re going in the right direction. Purry is fantastic. I landed the Beetle on top of the rooftop per-her-orders. Then she got out and walked in the outer space air current and then shoved and punched a section of that hard, frozen, Dead Ones down on the floor, making a great big hole for me to shove you down into Taradiddle’s house to see and then meet the Rock People of Pluto.”
She frowned. “You shoved me down into the house. Why does that statement mean? I don’t understand.”
“How could you understand. You were unconscious and rested inside that oversized space suit from the lack of oxygen molecules inside the second warehouse at the South Pole. I was pulling it sideways down through the air currents without hitting the floor.”
She smiles and hugs his waistline with love, reaching out, patting his chest. She whispered into his earlobe. “Awe! You’re sweet and kind taking care for me, so much.”
“Then Purry used her spiky rock-covered high heeled foot or shoe to kick out a great big hole the size of a Birdie starship on top of the rooftop. Purry is amazing.”
She smiled. “Awe! She’s a strong rock.”
Leer continues to steer upwards and enters the wide hole on top of the rooftop pressing the gravity button, lowering the space suit down and roughly crashes on top of the hard surface in front of the nose grill of the Beetle starship. He can view all the pretty flowing lava rivers and all the lave coated hourglass homes and buildings.
Eartha taps dance on top of the soft lining in the bottom of the oversized outer space suit with her naked feet. As a matter of fact, her feet have been without shoes for three days. She wiggles her toes and wears a puzzled brow. She whispers into his earlobe, “I don’t feel any heat or heating elements coming from the solid, frozen, lava particles here on top of the roof hitting and then hating the bottom of our metal space suit. Why’s that? Is there is something wrong. Or is there something right here?”
“Purry told me. The combination of the outer space molecules of coldness plus the hard frozen Dead Ones on each building is an honorable erected graveyard for each Dead One. I think. Anyways, all the heated elements built into the floor foundation become heated due to the live Good Ones, who swiftly float and flow inside each River of Lava.”
“Zing it! That’s not good to know for my delicate brain cells. Actually, I know too much about Planet Pluto that will be purged after we arrive back home to Neptune. Can we go home, now?” Eartha frowned.
Leer smiled. “Look at all three of the flowing rivers of sparkling lava particles now! Each river is bubbling and then churning with something, physically, I do believe. What’s happening down there?”
“More dead dots,” She laughed.
Purry continues to stand and waves both of her arms in the air. She shouted to all the rivers and all the buildings. “Come out and show yourself, to the nice human species, Good Ones.”
Each River of Lava starts to swirl sideways then forms an array of pretty, glittering, individual lava colored bubbles. Each bubble pops open showing an individual rock-coated palm or a rock-coated bone skull or a rock-coated foot. Then each Rock Person floats up to the air surface climbing onto the rocky river bank. Or each Rock Person stands on top of the hourglass-shaped building as their dots glitter in the bright moonlight from Moon Charon. Millions of Rock People stand and start to wave a rock-coated arm or hand or both of their arms presenting a rock-coated smile back to their Rock Leader Purry.
Leer floats in place, in the outer space waves, inside the safety of his oversized space suit along with Eartha, who continues to giggle and tickles his body parts. He smiled at the millions of very short, glittering Rock People, “Right toe! Look, Eartha!”
“You’ve seen one rock; you’ve seen them all!” She laughed and rubbed her hand over Leer.
“Look at all of these Rock Persons. There are millions and millions and millions of Rock People, a Rock Nation. I can see for miles and miles and miles over the curvature of the planet from this tall rooftop platform. Every Rock Person is waving at her. Purry is a fantastic…”
“A natural killer…” Eartha frowned. “This is her home world, Leer. I’m fantastic on Neptune.”
His eyeballs darts to each rooftop building and every concrete slab seeing the waves from millions…billions of Good Ones. He said with a smile, “No! You do not come from Neptune. You’re an earthling. You come from Earth, Eartha…”
“…and Neptune is my permanently adopted home…” Eartha frowned. “Leer, this outer space non-fun trip has been so nice for the both of us. When we get back home to the Pond, after finding and arresting Taradiddle, can we eat lunch at the Seafood Shack?”
The sky line of Pluto twinkles in an array of colored lights as a series of horizontal streaks of yellow-colored lightning bolts gleam within the black tinted, cold-feeling outer space waves. He smiled. “Yeah, shore!” His two eyeballs dart up and stare into the dark sky. He said with a confused tone, “I didn’t know realize Planet Pluto had a series of galactic storms, like Planet Mars.”
She whispered for her eardrums only, “Yeah, nice!” Eartha slides around his bone skull seeing the pretty galactic storm too. “Me, either!” She gasped in shock. “No! It doesn’t, Leer! That’s a starship…”
“A ship! Where’s the location of the starship? I see lots of flashing colorful, fluffy galactic wind clouds coming from the North Pole with tons of dancing yellow-tinted lightning bolts. This is an impressive galactic space storm, which is very rare on Pluto.”
She slaps his collar bone and wears a worried brow wiggling her body within the space suit. She shouted into his earlobe. “No, Leer! Pluto doesn’t present any atmospheric clouds or a cloud storm system. That’s a warship! Get back right now into the safety of our Beetle starship, right now, saving our asses.”
The first tall, hourglass-shaped, business building explodes first forming a high plume of red tinted flames almost reaching the outer space waves and then creates a massive yellow tinted fireball second. The fireball lifts into the outer space then drops down trailing a pretty dusty tail of sparkling colorful dots. A siren of musical screams comes from all the hit then exploding Good Ones. Each targeted Good One burns into a short pile of blue or pink or green or red soft dust powder. Then the rock powder lightly drifted and gently floated away by the North Pole natural occurring galactic winds.
He gasped in shock. “No!” Leer depresses the gravity button slamming his space boot down on top of the hard surface, bouncing in one leap in the air towards Purry. She continues to stand on top of the retainer wall dropping both her arms on her rock-coated legs, staring a confused brow of rock. She tilts her rock-coated chin watching a fleet of flying metal machines within the skyline of Pluto.
Eartha screamed into his eardrum with fear and panic, “Go to our ship, not to her! Get us into our Beetle, before we’re blown into numerous pieces of soft human body parts that don’t reconstitute into a new human being, you fool. She’s a freaking rock. She can put herself back together, unlike stupid, human-man, humpy dumpy…”
“Shut the fuck up, Eartha!” Leer sneered. He collides and covers an upright Purry using his arm sleeves hugging her into his metal chest then tosses his legs backwards. He bounces off the retainer wall jumping backwards, flying over the rooftop base down into the homemade hole. He releases both his arms. Purry drops falling down through the hole landing on top of the hard floor within the house for safety purposes.
The fleet of smaller starship appear beside the warship and start to drop a series of deadly colorful F-bombs decorating the skyline and then the surface in vertical colors of purple, yellow, green, pink, blue, orange, red flames. Each flame burns all the buildings and all the Good Ones, not the River of Lava. The river is heated lava particles anyways and cannot be harmed with additional heated man-made bombs. An F-bomb is comprised of both fire and gas exploding on impact, after hitting an object, dead or alive.
But each River of Lava starts to burn in surface fires shooting up individual sky-high plumes in blue and red fireballs and yellow and pink tinted flames. All the buildings blaze black tinted smoke mist and red colored fireballs.
Leer slams his space boot down on top of the rooftop. The space suit shoots upwards. His leg hits the side wall on the building. The space suit rockets sideways towards the nose grill on the Beetle starship. He reaches out and touches the nose grill twirling the space suit along the side of the metal ship then falls into the open hatch on the cargo bay. The space suit lands on its back spine on top of the soft carpet inside the Beetle. He kicks his boot on the fall. The space suit launches in the air again. He reaches out and slaps the button. Both of the cargo bay doors close shut.


Outlaw Beetle Ship setting
34:04 hours/minutes (early morning; Pluto time)


He presses the release button. The body cast slowly opens. Leer floats upwards from the suit and stands upright within the low gravity atmosphere, wearing a sweaty face and a worried gut. He starts to dog-paddle with both of his cupped hands in the air, when an object attaches his back spine. He grunts in defeat and as his two naked feet hit the carpet and then his body bounces back in the air. He sneered, “Eartha!”
“Yes,” she giggled. Eartha rides his back spine for her fun. He wobbles in the low gravity air waves and slowly approaches the side wall, slamming the palmer button. The palmer screen illuminates.
A fleet of silver-tinted metal components do not glitter in an array of pretty colors flying beside the massive warship. The fleet of ships safely hover in high orbit over Planet Pluto without fighting against an opposing opponent. The Rock People of Pluto does not own a single Birdie starship to defend their home or their lives. The fleet of ships comprising smaller Birdies and Beetles starts to dive downwards from the colorful atmosphere and drop additional individual F-bombs on top of each standing building. The building explodes then falls down creating a heap of pink and green tinted dust balls. The F-bombs fall down into each River of Lava blasting each Good One into a plume of drifting colorful pink or red or blue or yellow fine dust power. Then the colorful particles of fine powder dust gently float upwards drifting into the outer space waves and coats the skyline in an array of pinks, reds, blues, greens, and yellows.
If the event was not a battle attack, the skyline could have been seen a fantastic beautiful firework exhibition on Pluto.
Inside the Beetle, Leer squats down without hitting the floor carpet and gasps in worry watching the palmer screen sitting inside the safety of Beetle starship. “Are those a band of space pirates inside the Beetles and the Birdies?”
She does not remove her long slender body from his back spine but curls around his waistline and collar bones and as her face leans over his collar bone. She whispered into his earlobe, “Don’t know.”
“The warships are pulverizing each building and every life. We gotta help the Good Ones, Eartha. We got tons of deadly weapons here on-board our Beetle too.”
“No,” she whispered. “We cannot do any type of major damage using the weapons on our Beetle against a massive warship, Leer. We must survive and tell the other planets the terror and horror attack on tiny little Pluto. If we die, they win.”
He exhales with a huff of defeat. Leer stated, “Yeah! Where did that super-large warship come from? I don’t recognize that ship model.”
Eartha sneered. “I know. It’s a Moth.”
“A what! What is it called?”
“One of the newest warships in the Solar System, the Moth was built by the earthlings on their sorry-ass Planet Earth.”
He gasped, “Earth! Those sorry-ass earthlings have built a fleet of colorful, gleaming, and elegant-maneuvering warships, flying off their trashy planet, and are attacking the far reaches of the Solar System. The nasty earthlings are pulverizing poor Pluto into a ball of colorful space dust. But why would they do that?”
She growled. “Taradiddle! The Bad One Leader must have hitched a space ride with a greedy space pirate, after getting exposed with his illegal and dangerous brain tumor surgical operations as the cold-bloody murderer of three innocent humans and his own followers of Bad Ones. He has partnered with the nasty earthlings of Earth. We gotta go and update to Darsha and all the other Outlaw posts. Taradiddle will exterminated the entire human race as a Bad One, for his fun and his pleasure.”
Leer gasped, “That…that sounds like a war.”
“An intragalactic war…”
A single warship plus a fleet of smaller starships twinkle in dull-looking, silver-tinted metal underneath a low layer of colorful mist then the smaller fleet of ship flies backwards from the landscape lifting upwards through the thick clouds of tinted dust particles of Dead Ones. They turn and fly away from the burning planet, heading towards an array of twinkling stars, with live, within black-tinted, cold-feeling outer space and then disappear completely from the palmer screen. The rear flame burn engine fires slowly fade within the colorful mist leaving an individual long, colorful streak towards the eastern part of the Solar System in the direction of Neptune.
Leer exhaled. “They’re leaving!”
Eartha nodded. “They’re gone! We go and do our Outlaw thing now. We ready the ship and our person flying back to see Darsha and warn Neptune. Taradiddle might attack our home world, next, flying there right now.”
Leer exhales with worry and slowly stands still toting Earth on his back spine, blowing out a series of sour puffs. He feels dread and continues to stare at the palmer screen. He said, “I doubt it! He thinks that he has won here on Pluto. Neptune is not a target for him at the moment.”
She continues to hang onto his back spine then gasps in shock. She whispered into his eardrum. “You don’t know that, Leer. He’s riding inside a Moth warship, the biggest, baddest warship of the Solar System, right now, sailing through outer space waves toward Neptune, our home world. We gotta go and jump into high burn and warn all them before something bad happens to…”
“No! We need to re-group and re-think a new battle strategy in capturing Taradiddle here first.” He slowly stands upright in the air waves while grunting from the heavy dead weight of Eartha on his back spine then carefully spins around wearing a worried brow and a worried heart. He slowly performs a dog paddle back to the floating oversized space suit. Leer slowly swings around to face the wall.
Eartha shoves off his collar bones then slowly tumbles down from his back spine first then preforms a silly somersault in the air waves second landing her back spine and her lower legs inside the floating suit third. She smiles at his long locks of strawberry-blonde curls.
Leer leaps in the air then shoves his body backwards into the body cast squashing Eartha and then fiddles the internal panel of controls. The space suit slowly closes shut over his entire body but his face. He tugs on the tether line and replaces the face plate over his stern expression hearing it click in place. He reaches out and slaps the button on the wall panel. Both of the cargo bay doors slide open.
Inside the cargo bay, Leer slightly wobbles in the air currents coming from the low gravity in the ship combined with the higher gravity on the planet pressing the thruster button forward, flying through the archway and then stops within the outer space waves. 
He hovers front of the missing retainer wall on top of the rooftop viewing miles of burning fires, plumes of black smoke, and low-lying dust field of colorful Dead Ones. When the landscape cools, it will display solid black rolling hills and valleys of rock. He sneered at the terrible view. “A good space captain preps and plans for next battlefield. Taradiddle prepped, prepared and planned to beat Planet Pluto into total annihilation. And now, he has succeeded. There’s nothing left here but dried river beds and heaps of black smoke and black slabs of hard rocks. Look how the puffs of concrete white powder drift and then float on top the pretty lava particles. I’m not a zoologist or a scientist. But nasty air and water pollution germs kills everything, like it did on Planet Earth. Within a couple of days or weeks or months, the rest of the dying Good Ones will become permanent Dead Ones turning into a dust ball of fine colorful power dust.”
Eartha frowned, “Yeah, you’re correct.”
“Taradiddle studied and acted like a great earthling.”
She whispered. “How did we survive here on top of the building from the eyeballs of Taradiddle? He destroyed all the hourglass-shaped buildings. This is the only building still standing with us on top of it. I don’t understand, Leer.”
Leer growled. “Even a pretend man keeps and then fights for his own throne, no matter the vicious outcome. He could not bring his evil self into destroying his only known homestead. So, the only remaining free-standing and unharmed hourglass-shaped building is his permanent mark here indicating that he has won both the battle and the planet. He is …”
“…dead…” She laughed. Then she slaps his collar bone and gasps in worry. She said. “Then Taradiddle knows we’re alive and safe here. Then he’ll come back and kill us, soonest. Or worsest, he is right now attacking our home world leaving us stranded in outer space as he plots across the Solar System.”
Leer releases the gravity button and floats upwards towards the mist of colorful dust that hide the twirling stars slowly swirling around the skyline and then halts. He hovers above in the air between the Beetle and the building. “No! He doesn’t know. He believes that we both died with Mrs. Doil inside her hourglass-shaped house on the thirteenth band, since the Bad One Mummery also had secretly murdered Doil, her daughter, Gladkit, and her daughter. You heard Purry. Taradiddle wants humans alive and healthy for his new animal experimentation. Bad One Mummery must have made a mistake or something with the three animal-human things inside the second warehouse at the South Polar and was hiding them from her evil boss Taradiddle, since she was a very young medical surgeon.”
She shocks down at the object and gasps in shock. Eartha said. “Zing it! I have the answer to my questions. Do you see it too? There’s a very tall retainer border wall made of Dead Ones running across the entire rooftop platform hiding our Beetle starship from his eye view. Why is there a retainer wall up here on the rooftop blocking the view? What is the purpose of a tall retainer wall? Taradiddle, like Good Ones and Bad Ones, didn’t need to breathe air.
“Because he came up here every dark night studying the glittering happy dots floating within each River of Lava and all the ugly hourglass-shaped buildings as a pretend dead but alive earthling-human format. He lives to see the future destruction of his own world. He’s one fucking ass son of a bitch…”
“Yeah,” she whispered. Eartha smiles and taps on his collar bone. “Then we destroy his throne monument right here and right now. We fly the Beetle into the atmosphere and then drop an F-bomb on his precious throne monument. There’s one housed in the fire pipe per the Outlaw ship regulations. That will do it, too it! Taradiddle doesn’t deserve the satisfaction of standing in his throne room ever again.”
“No!” He gasped, “Purry! Purry! I dropped Purry down the hole in the house during the civil war.” He presses the thruster button and flies in the air towards the hole. 
Her body is tossed into the soft wall lining within the space suit. She sneered. “She’s a rock. She can go and jump back into the River of Lava and then turn back into a pod of liquid dishing detergent or something else made of water. This is her home world, not mine.”
He presses the thruster button flying backward from the building.
Eartha burped out loud producing a set of sour molecules. “Ugh! I’m getting seasick here in the back seat, Leer. Slow down! She’s a rock. She doesn’t breathe air. She didn’t get blasted into rock dust. We have a vitally more importantly Outlaw mission now. We need to leave from here and tell Darsha and the other Outlaw Divisions.”
Leer spins the space around in the air waves lining the oversized space suit in the proper position then sails ahead and finally stops hovering over the open hole and wears a worried brow. He stated, “Purry might be well and alive down in the hole. We gotta go and save her too!”
She hugs his waistline and wears a sour frown feeling the heavy gravity pull down towards the floor space within the house. She stated, “Naw! We don’t.” Eartha softly chuckled.
Leer presses the gravity button swiftly falling down through the hole, slamming the hover mode as the space suit jolts with a halt. Eartha screams with a grunt falling into his back spine. 


Empty hallway setting
34:21 hours/minutes (Pluto time)
15:53 hours/minutes (Neptune time)


Leer grunts with the fun flying maneuver as the space suit bounces up and down a few inches from the heated floor within the former homestead residence of medical physician and Bad One Leader Karnard Taradiddle. Leer smiled. “Purry is here.” He releases the face mask. The item flies off the space helmet then hovers in the air waves.
“No!” She screamed in fright slapping his collar bone. “We’ll die from the outer space molecules. We’re humans. We do need to breathe air.”
He closes his two eyelids and sniffs the air molecules on the ground floor presenting a happy smile. He stated. “There is a thin veil of breathable air here in the house. My two nose holes are tinkling. I need to quickly find and make certain Purry is okay. She lost all of the Good Ones including her family members and friends.” He wiggles both his arms and his legs from their shared limb slots slapping open the front body cast and leaps down on top of the heated floor. His naked feet do not touch the floor but feels a toasty warm sensation coming up from the heated floor and as he smiles with delight. He swiftly swims ahead by dog paddling using his arms, hands, legs, and feet traveling down a long, empty hallway. Leer yelled. “Purry! Purry! Purry…”
The space suit violently shakes sideways from Leer’s gigantic leap down on the floor. Eartha can’t control her wobble then drops down falling towards the heated floor too. She bends her kneecaps then halts gently wobbling sideways in the air within the low gravity atmosphere. She yelled with a sour frown seeing the back spine on a running Leer. “She jumped back down into the River of Lava with her Dying Ones and Dead Ones and Lost Ones. Yeah, I’d do that too, if I was last earthling living and surviving on Planet Earth. Let’s finally get going and leave poor pulverized puffball Pluto. Do you let my precious perfect ‘P’ words? Did you hear me, Leer? Can you see me, Leer? I cannot hear or see you either. But we gotta go and tell and tattle to Darsha the new war plan.”
She frowns with annoyance then slowly stands upright in the air currents wobbling slightly sideways, hearing a set of faint scraping sounds and a set of loud yells from Leer in the far distance. Her eyeballs scan the hallway finding the enclosed vacuum room a few feet in front the floating space suit. Leer had landed the space suit in the middle of an empty hallway. He continues to swim into each hallway searching for Purry.
Her eardrums do not hear that annoying male or female computer voice coming from the vacuum room either, because the glass panel inside the vacuum room is not broken by the flying F-bombs. The safety doors are both safe and protective for each human life form to survive outer space molecules and flying hard objects. But her eyeballs view a grounded rock body.
Purry gasps in shock. Purry must be hurt or harmed from flying and then falling F-bomb debris. Leer will have a heart attack if Purry is hurt. Worser, he will take Purry with him to Neptune. She sneered. “No! No! That’s not happening to me, to Leer, and to Neptune.” She starts to swim using her cupped hands, arms, legs, and naked feet through the air waves and then halts without bumping into the solid glass door but wobbles directly behind Purry.
Purry is not resting on top of the floor but cleaning the dirty floor in a squatting pose. Eartha yelled. “Get up, girlfriend! You’re not harmed or hurt or helping here!! What in the hell are you doing down on top of the dirty floor in front of the vacuum room? You’re a dot.” She gasps in alarm, “You’re glowing. Your dots are glowing and creepy-crawling all over your rock body like an army of colorful ants.”
Purry sits on her rock-coated kneecaps slowly scooting to the next fallen rock body which is not moving but appears in human format with a bone skull, a torso without a pair of rocky legs. She drops both her rock-covered hands down into the broken pieces of the pretty rocks. She explained, “I am absorbing all the drifting dots from each…one.”
Eartha gasps in shock and slowly waves both of her arms in the air. She shouted. “No! No! No! That nasty action will make you a Bad One then. Your dots will become uneven and then you will become evil like Taradiddle and then kill someone or something or me…”
“No! I will not, Eartha! I am monitoring and counting them within my composite. Don’t your recall my words? I have chosen to become a Good One, not a Bad One.” Purry announced. Her hands stop glowing and hover over an empty spot on the floor. She scoots across the floor then stops dipping her two hands down into two different damaged rock bodies as her dots start to glow and then shift into and around her rock body. She glitters in pink, red, blue, green, and yellow hues underneath the rows of artificial overhead lamps. “This procedure will make me very strong.”
Eartha wipes her sweaty face and swishes her long, black-tinted hair strands experiencing the human emotions of failure, defeat, and worry. The fleet of ships had aimed and then broken the glass panels inside the vacuum room, where the Good Ones had stood meeting the nice humans and then died meeting the bad human Taradiddle.
Purry was standing on top of the rooftop signaling the Good Ones from the safe habitat within the River of Lava exposing their rock bodies to the nice humans while the bad human waited in high orbit, inside a warship, for the moment of truth. Then Taradiddle ordered the destruction of his own home world and his foes here on Planet Pluto.
Leer rescued Purry from the F-bombs, the blazing fires, and the plumes of dangerous flames bombarding the rooftop tiles dropping her down a hole into the safety of the house structure. And War Commander Taradiddle dared not destroy his own castle either.
So, Purry was too late to save her friends and families from the numerous deadly explosions of heavy concrete debris and broken sharp glass fragment. The vacuum doors automatically close shut, when the delicate machine sensors detect incoming outer space molecules while protecting a delicate human life form, not a rock life form. Thus, the trapped Good Ones could not escape further down the hallway inside the interior wall of the house, so they suffered and then died remaining tiny floating puff balls of colored fine powder within the enclosed vacuum room.
Some of the Good Ones broke apart and as their rock-coated body part blew through the closing glass doors, during the initial F-bombs hitting the outside environment shattering the outside vacuum door. Then the second set of vacuum closed shut. 
Purry continues to scoot across the floor then halts dipping both her rock-coated hands into each broken and misshaped rock piece as each rock morphs into glittering gel of goo first. Then the glittering gel slowly rolls upon her rock body settling into a different spot over her glowing rock skin.
Leer turns the wall corner then halts in the air waves seeing the back spine on Eartha first and then Purry. He whispered with a smile. “Both of my girls are located here and safe. Right toe!” He swims ahead then slams into the back spine on Eartha laughing with delight, cuddling her into his warm body. They float in the air. He looks down and observes Purry. He frowned. “What is she doing down on the dirty floor?”
Eartha frowned. “Purry is feeling the last vibes coming from all her dead rock friends.”
“Hmm! She is re-changing and re-forming too. Yeah, baby, her breasts are getting big and bigger and biggest…”
Eartha slaps his chest then sneers. She said. “She’s a rock.”
He laughed, “And her two rocks are getting bigger and bigger and bigger. Can you touch your rocks and grow some bigger ones, too, Eartha?” She slaps his chest again and growls at the nasty man He laughed with delight.
Purry continues to scoot across the floor and absorbs the dots from each Dead One. She stated, “The additional dots in an exact balance will make my interior skeleton structure stronger too.”
Leer smiled. “She is growing taller too.”
Eartha gasped. “You are experiencing some type of space sickness, Leer. She’s a rock. We need to get going and leave from here Pluto and go back home to the Pond.”
He stated. “Right toe! Purry, we need to go and tattle to our superintendent about the lost of Pluto and the escape of Taradiddle, before he starts a war and win something good or bad.”
Purry slowly stands from the floor glowing in colorful dots at the height of 10 feet then carefully spins around towering over Eartha and Leer. She lifts then flexes her new arm muscles showing off her new rock strength. Her voice timber states with a firm tone. “I am ready too.”
Eartha looks up and gasps in shock. She stated, “What are you ready for, Lava Girl?”
She drops her arms and swings them at her side. She said, “I am ready to seek out and destroy Bad One Taradiddle and his newly created intraspecies battle war army. He will conquer our Solar System. He will exterminate all humans. He killed all the Good Ones here on my home world. I promise you. He will not stop until he controls the Solar System and then moves beyond the Milky Way Galaxy, too.”
Leer exhales with a huff of worry and stares through the glass doors. Most of the Good Ones are injured and then die creating individual tiny colorful puff balls drifting over the landscape mixing with the floating fluffs of poisonous pollution germs. The remaining Good Ones need a better plan to survive and then thrive from the total damaged landscape on their home world.
He spoke, “He will.” He views Purry. Leer stated, “What about building an army of your Good Ones to help with the fight against Bad One Taradiddle? Your composite is strong and rock. A walking and talking army of rocks would kick some fine ass in a rough battle fight.”
Purry slowly spins around and stares through the glass doors wearing a sad face, viewing the dry beds within a dull-looking River of Lava. The Good Ones are listed as Dead Ones or swiftly their dying rock bodies into Dead Ones. She stated, “I am sorry here to you, the human race, and the Solar System. My surviving Good Ones cannot leave the River of Lava, even if you present to us millions of dead human bodies, because they are slowly or swiftly dying from both the air, land, rock, and water pollution germs.”
“I don’t like that image.” Eartha stated.
“I don’t like that idea either.” Leer frowned.
Purry stated, “The dry beds and dull colors within each River of Lava means both all the Good Ones and the Bad Ones will die, soonest. Even if you present a billion alive or dead human bodies and the Good Ones could quickly fashion an individual walking and talking rock body, then the same billion rock bodies will die, soonest. I have witnessed your man-made fires, gases, bombs and machines which can easily destroy seas, skies, and surfaces. Well, it is too late for the Good Ones, but not for me.” She swings around and smiles at Eartha and Leer.
Leer frowned. “Will you truly survive as a rock person among the nasty human race, Purry? I can’t promise and protect you either. I’m only flesh and blood and bones,” he laughs. “A human is pretty flexible and kinda indestructible, sometimes. A human is made like that. You are not much different from your dying Good Ones and Bad Ones floating inside the wet part of the River of Lava. Do you wanna be with your Good Ones inside the River of Lava for their last time? I’ll go and find Taradiddle and bring him back here for his final toast.” He laughed. “You and the Good Ones can have him for the final breathe…non-breath,” he chuckled.
Purry sneered. “No! I do not want Taradiddle coming back here to my home world for anything. I want to accompany you, human species male Leer. Yes, I can and will survive and more. I do not breathe air or eat food or sleep like a human species from the Solar System. I am now composed of trillions of evenly distributed colorful dots. I am an indestructible rock,” she tosses her rock-coated head backwards and then laughs with an evil tone like a bad human.
Eartha rolls her eyeballs then views Purry while hugging Leer. She stated, “O goody! Rock Girl and Lava Girl have combined to become a super-duper Galaxy Girl that can’t breathe or eat or sleep or read or write or sh…”
“Shut it, Eartha!” Leer sneered shoving Eartha from his rib cage. She glides sideways and giggles with silliness then halts in the air waves. He slowly shuffles ahead then stops in front of Purry extending his naked human palm, nodding with a smile to her. He stated, “I’m happy to take on as my first mate in my outer space starship to hunt down and then kill Taradiddle…”
“No!” Eartha shouted. She stomps her naked feet, waving both of her arms and as she looks funny wobbling in the air waves. She shouted, “Wrong, Galaxy Girl! I’m the first mate to Captain Leer. You’re the second girl…rock girl to Leer now.”
Purry blinks her two rock-covered eyelashes and then stares down at his open palm, reaching out, squeezing the soft tissue on his hand. “Ouchie!” Leer shouted. He tries to pull back from hand from her strong rock-hand gripe, without success, gritting his teeth from the pain. “Not so hard, girl! I’m soft and tender flesh, that can’t be replaced ever.”
Purry releases his human soft hand then looks up wearing an evil grin to see Leer. She said, “I am happy to join your starship for the kill, Captain Leer.”
Eartha touches her finger on her lip then gasps in shock turning to see Leer. She shouted, “It’s gone! I’m cured! My red-tinted, cold sore is finally gone from my upper lip, right-side. Kiss me, Leer, please! After all that we’ve been through here on Pluto. Please, kiss me! Just a tiny peck on my newly healed lips,” she leans over the air waves and closes her two eyelashes while giggling with her girly anticipation.
He cuddles his throbbing human hand from the strong Rock Girl’s grip then twirls around to face Eartha, exhaling with a puff of annoyance. He whispered, “Right toe.” He waddles ahead in the air waves then collides into a wobbling Eartha sliding his bearded face sideways over her soft skin first then lightly pecks her pink-tinted cheekbone. He quickly pulls back smiling with a wink.
“Zing it!” Eartha announced with a sour frown. She opens her two eyelashes and then pouts with her healed lips at his sorrow reward.


Empty hallway setting
34:21 hours/minutes (early morning on Pluto, within 153 rotational hours)
15:54 hours/minutes (late night on Neptune, within 20 rotational hours)


Leer slaps both of his hands over the pair of soft, blue-tinted, silly, plutonian pajamas as his official Outlaw outfit hangs in a closet, on the Northern Pole Axis, which has been burnt into a pile of black ashes by the falling F-bombs. So, he must wear a pair of naked feet and the silly outfit back home to Neptune.
Leer is an outer space law enforcer or the nicknamed, Outlaw, for shitty kicks. His position is an old fashion cousin to a police officer of planet Earth that patrols the Solar System for pay and pride, centuries ago.
However, a person needs a job.
The designated law enforcement officer provides and prevents no harm to any citizen on any planet as more starships leave and abandon their home world of Earth to travel ahead reaching beyond to the outer edge of the Solar System but not beyond Dwarf Planet Pluto.
No human has raced beyond the galaxy, yet.
The galaxy used to run smoothly, without trouble and without laws. There are the occasional ships of space pirates that are more annoying than some of the ancient space captains, who race across the blackness of space delivering a big shipment of overpriced merchandise.
Peace used to exist, within the Solar System, yesterday. Today, the new morning on Planet Pluto, both war and destruction rule here on top of the soil, after Bad One, evil and greedy, alive, but dead human format Taradiddle commands a stolen warship and has burnt Pluto into a pile of fluttering ashes.
The Outlaw is named Leer Dunstan possessing a head of shoulder-length strawberry-blonde curls and a full beard in red hue. His skin glows in pale hue underneath the dull overhead lamps of the living room setting. He stands average height and weight for the male species throughout the Solar System. His emerald eyeballs watch the other Outlaw female, who stands in front of the broken ancient space suit.
Her name is Eartha Hampden, an earthling. She is very pretty female possessing a head of long waist-length, black-tinted hair strands, a pair of baby blue eyeballs, a set of long legs, a glowing tone of pale tinted skin on a tall, slender body frame for an earthling. She does not have a set of crooked teeth and a broken nose like almost all the other females inside the Outlaw Division. She has worked as an Outlaw for three years and six months.
Leer whispered. “O well! O hell!” He stares at Eartha then swiftly spins laughing with an evil tone, seeing the interior walls of his ancient space suit. He ordered. “Come over here and get into the body cast, first, Eartha! We’re going home to Neptune. We gotta go and tell the Solar System about Taradiddle. Purry, you need reduce the size of your body down to a human-like height. Else you will bump your rock-coated skull on all the metal plates inside my ship, probably causing more danger to the ship than your hard body,” he laughed. “Then you fly ahead of us upwards through the rooftop hole and then go and get into the ship. Wait in the cargo bay for us, humans.”
“Yes, Captain Leer!” Purry smiled. She dashes ahead slowly reducing her 10 feet height down to five feet, rushing the hallway then leaps up from the floor and flies in the air waves towards the ceiling.
Eartha slams both of her hands over the coral-tinted, soft, female plutonian pajamas looking down at her naked feet, wiggling her warm toes on top of the heated floor. Her official Outlaw uniform hangs in a closet on the Northern Pole Axis. Taradiddle and his nasty space pirates have blasted the facility and her clothes into space dust. She whispered. “No matter! There are other more important matters right now!” She spins around and wears a stern face shuffling ahead then enters the body cast first, standing against the soft lining without a comment.
Leer laughs again watching Eartha then loads into the body cast second, standing in front of her. He checks the controls then closes the door shut locking them in the protective outer space suit, before traveling upwards through the same rooftop hole. The space suit almost directly underneath the rooftop hole. He presses the thruster button lifting the space suit upwards quickly flying through the hole, emerging into outer space. The planet still produces heaps of fires, piles of black rocks, and drifting puff balls of colorful Dead Ones.
Leer does not see Purry. She has followed his orders standing inside the cargo bay with her superhuman Plutonian strength and magical powers.
He exhales with worry and dread. His life has morphed into danger living here in the peaceful Solar System.
The single space suit holding both Leer and Eartha leaps from the outer space waves then stands inside the rear compartment on the Beetle outer space starship. Two closed half-doors appear on the side wall leading into the cockpit. The space craft is shaped and nicknamed as a beetle bug that used to live and thrive on a non-polluted Planet Earth. The ship wears the hardest-known planet minerals in a dull-looking silver-tinted hue.
Leer slams the doors closed and creates a low gravity atmosphere swiftly sliding out from an air-borne, slightly wobbling upright space suit watching the face mask float in the air. He also leaves Eartha alone inside the body cast. He accepts the pilot position first then marches ahead to the closed cockpit half-door. The half-door automatically slides sideways open sensing the body heat from the life form. He drops down on his covered palms and covered kneecaps slowly entering the tunnel. He is both eager and anxious greatly desiring to leave a burning planet, returning home to his calm, beautiful home world of Planet Neptune and then inform his parents, his friends, his co-workers, and the other Outlaw authorities about an evil, vicious Plutonian native named Taradiddle, who is a Bad One disguising within a fragile human body format.
Taradiddle somehow and someway had secretly received a fleet of Earth warships and then released numerous deadly waves of F-bombs on the surface destroying his native home world of Pluto, murdering all the natives, who had lived in rock matter.
Now, Commander Taradiddle and his crew of vicious human space pirates are streaking away from Pluto inside three warships sailing across the Solar System collecting his hidden army of rock soldiers, in order to maim, murder, and manage the galaxy under his personal rule as ruler, if Leer and his human friends do not stop the madman.
Inside the cargo bay, Eartha bounces from the body cast then slowly floats down without touching the carpet, swimming over to the panel control and slams the button. Normal gravity returns inside ship which is needed for the launch from Pluto too. The smart space suit slowly drops down to the carpet and sucks the face mask into side leg slot without breaking the object which is used for the next Outlaw assignment.
Eartha slams both naked feet down on top of the soft, thick carpet. This is the reason for the soft, thick pad of carpet that becomes replaced, after each Outlaw activity.
Neptune resident Eartha and Plutonian native Purry continue to stand inside the cargo bay sounding with a verbal argument, like usual. Well, Eartha is shouting at Purry while feeling anxious, jealousy, and anger about her failed Outlaw mission on Pluto.
Purry stands without words and silently inspects the enclosed man-made bay, for a second time in more details, using her new human-like feelings of curiosity. She is a true native of Pluto and comprised of solid rock materials. The rock or dots are individually colored in red, blue, yellow, green, and pink. All of her dots are equally but unevenly scattered throughout her human-shaped body, without creating a Bad One, but a Good One. She does not wear a set of former clothes but uses her dots to create a short, sleeves skirt with a tilted tutu, a pair of boots on her two rock-coated legs, and a long rock-coated ponytail touching her waistline.
The exterior metal on the ship is designed in the shape of an insect beetle, where a smart-ass engineer from Planet Saturn had nicknamed his personal engineering ship design. The Beetle possesses a wide U-shaped body frame with a square-shaped chopped off nose grill. A few feet on the edge of the chopped-off nose grill, there stands an individual cockpit chair through a glass window appearing like a pair of big, wide, dark-colored eyeballs on the Planet Earth insect beetle. The pilot and co-pilot are physically separated by a solid wall block of metal materials which contains storage space for numerous life and medical supplies plus smaller pieces of human and machine equipment pieces.
A long time ago, a smart-ass pilot had a tiff with her co-pilot then recommended an outer space craft with two separate cockpit bubbles. Then a smartass Saturn administrator approved the cool idea thus creating the slick Beetle starship concept.
Within the interior U-shaped walls, the smooth side wall holds the two low-lying holes on each side in-between a transparent locker. The locker cabinet displays an array of hanging space suits ranging in body size from infant baby tiny to extremely extra-large suit for working within the outer space waves.
Each side wall displays a wide, long, rectangular-shaped cargo door, which opens for entrance of persons and properties and then closes shut blocking all the suffocating outer space waves, as Eartha and Leer are two humans and need a mixture of oxygen and carbon dioxide to stay alive and breath, unlike their new crew member, human-female-like, rock-coated Purry. The cargo door is both the entrance and exit point by the pilot, the co-pilot, and any traveling human or metal passengers or rows of stacked merchandise items. When the closed metal door is tapped by either a sweaty finger pad or a dry nose bridge coming from a flesh, bone, and blood-comprised human life form, both of the closed doors open for convenience on the ship.
On the opposite side wall from the shorter cockpit wall, numerous tiny to large closed doors hide numerous sitting chairs, sleeping cots, and other emergency human medical equipment pieces before, during, or after the space flight.
Beside each cargo door, a central control panel displaying an array of colorful buttons and switches work the row of hidden storage closets. The Beetle ship is used for people rescue and transportation of goods throughout outer space.
On the shorter cockpit wall, the two low-lying holes are twin half-doors requiring both the pilot and co-pilot to drop down on their palms and knees crawling ahead through an individual, semi-lighted tunnel to enter their individual and separate cockpit chair.
Beyond the floor surface hides the flame-burn engines and rows of F-bombs weapons that is only accessed by a secret code from the pilot’s chair, which is known only to the pilot and co-pilot.
Outlaw Eartha stands in the middle of the empty cargo hole sniffing the cool, crisp, re-circulated artificial air currents needed for a human life form waving both of her naked arms while yelling at her new guest Purry.
Purry studies the glass-coated locker viewing a rack of clean, one-piece, white tinted space suits with matching arm and legs slots and a pair of matching space gloves, returning back to view Eartha. She is slowly understanding the danger of a fragile human body among the heavenly planets, stars, and comets.
Inside the dark outer space waves, the weather temperatures present freezing cold winds. The space temperature is minus millions of degrees of Fahrenheit. During an emergency or routine space flight, the interior cockpit, for a human life form, is warm but provides cool air-circulated winds coming from flame-burn engines. The flesh on a human can freeze at 32 degrees Fahrenheit without outer clothes. The blood vessels will explode at a positive eight degrees Fahrenheit and a human heart will stop pumping at a negative eight degrees Fahrenheit.
Eartha gently slaps her chest then gasps in alarm lifting her finger, touching a new cold sore. She whispered. “It came back. Why did it come back?” She removes her hand. Her new lip sore twinkles and glows in red hue. She drops both of her hands and slaps her legs exhaling with frustration.
Eartha sneered, “Look, Lava Girl! I am the co-pilot and the human female and the girlfriend of Leer, so I sit in the co-pilot chair on the other side of the Beetle cabin. Thus, you stand or sit or float back here for the outer space trip from a burning dead Pluto back to a happy and live Neptune.”
Purry continues to study the interior wall and does not smile. She said, “But you do not hail from Planet Neptune, either, Eartha.”
She gasps in shock then sneers at the tall rock-coated female alien species. She shouted, “Shut up, Rock Girl! I’m more from Neptune than you will ever be. So, get sitting or standing or floating!” She turns away from Purry and sounds with a low lady sneer heading towards the second closed door that leads to the co-pilot chair. The metal door slides open. She drops down on her two naked palms and two metal-covered kneecaps swiftly crawling forward inside down the cold metal chamber towards the co-pilot chair.
Purry frowns with confusion at the funny pose on Eartha, who disappears into a mysterious hole that leads down a semi-dark tunnel. Then the door slams down in silence. The Plutonian faces the first hole on the opposite side of the cargo compartment, gently slapping her rock-coated chest with her rock-coated hand imitating the human movements of earthling Eartha. She smiles and slowly approaches the first opening with curiosity, dropping down on her two rock-covered hands and kneecaps. She releases one dot in yellow for her visual eyeball function and second dot in green hue for her audio function while spying on Leer.
In the pilot position, Leer sits in an upright leather chair and fiddles with a set of metal gears on each side of his body while talking back to Eartha.
A space flight suit is a set of protective clothes guarding the human body from the coldness of outer space and also works as a communication devise for transmitting voice patterns to another person, who is wearing the same space flight suit, as well as, functioning as a medical monitor on each space traveler.
In the co-pilot chair, Eartha climbs up then settles down into the leather seat getting comfortable. Then she yelled back at the pilot, through the built-in microphone on the console panel, without adjusting any type of metal gears for the upcoming flight. “You should leave her behind here. She can’t help us here. We need to get off and leave Pluto behind right now. Taradiddle is fastly approaching Planet Earth right now. Then he’ll quickly gather up all his new army soldiers and take over the galaxy while you continue to warm the engines, Leer.” She slips a piece of green tinted gum into her mouth chewing and enjoying the sweet favorite of spearmint.
“She’s coming. She has more fight than fright experience than any of us including the rest of the universe marshmallows.” He laughed. “Anyways, we might start an intragalactic war by not accepting Purry on our Outlaw team,” he continues to chuckle and fiddles with the controls for the upcoming launch from a rooftop building.
She yelled back again, “I disagree.” She slaps the chewing gum with her tooth molars making a slurping noise through the hidden co-pilot microphone.
“Then you can disagree someplace else but here with me still sitting on top of a burning planet in the middle of an ice belt inside an operating starship. Madman evil witch doctor Tarafiddle has destroyed her natives and her native home, so she possesses both revenge and fury to boot. Anyways, first, he has to find and then collect up his army of rock soldiers, one by one. That will give us, rational humans time to recruit and form an army of outlaws, who will go after then take down madman Tarafiddle. Anyways, Purry is our new best friend and our best ally working and aiding and leading us and the entire galaxy of wussies, Eartha.”
She gasps in shock then sighs with frustration. She stated, “O! You like her. That’s your personal motto here.”
He sneered, “Get belted, Eartha!”
“I am your co-pilot and your human female and your...”
“... glowing red tinted lip sore which looks hideous and disgusting on your ugly human girly face. You should think about seeing a human medical physician, when we all return back to the Great Dark Spot,” he laughed with amusement.
Inside the cargo bay, Purry continues to stand upright when a yellow tinted dot and then a green tinted dot jumps from her rock-coated body slowly descends down gently touching the hard floor. The two colorful dots slowly roll over the hard floor then over the tunnel floor.
The tunnel is a narrowly enclosed, rectangular-shaped passageway of pure metal. Each human must wear a pair of space gloves crawling over the cold-feeling, metal floor. The tunnel houses two long rows of embedded tiny white lights on each side of the wall. If you are half-way blind, then you cannot see them.
The two colorful dots reach a circular opening, stop, and then study the rear view on a black-tinted, metal pilot chair while Leer continues to verbally argue with Eartha. All the information is sent back into their host Purry. Then the yellow dot and the green dot slowly roll backwards through the tunnel floor, over the compartment floor connecting back to her rock body. She drops down on top of the metal floor wearing her rock-coated smile then slowly crawls on her human-like kneecaps and palms straight ahead into the first enclosed tunnel hole stopping at the same circular opening while still hearing the loud conversation from both Leer and Eartha.
Purry closes her two fake eyelids then shimmers each one of her colorful dots blinking in a colorful array of pinks, blues, oranges, yellows, and greens while slowly sinking her large rock-frame body down into the size of a Planet Earth bumblebee insect, slowly standing upright on top of the metal floor and wiggles her new tiny rock-coated body of colorful dots.
Her new rock-coated bumblebee insect body flies around in a tight circle then halts in the air as she softly giggles with her new Plutonian talents. Her two bumblebee eyeballs look up staring at the tall metal pilot’s chair, flying upwards in the air waves and then lands at the curved collar bone on Leer’s outer space suit.
Of course, Leer cannot feel a tiny rock pebble in vivid colorful colors through his metal outer space suit. She leaps off his collar bone then flies through the air waves in a horizontal pose, skidding over the metal console, colliding into the curved, forward wind shield without injury. Well, some of her dot particles flakes off from the glass impact then jumps like a dog flea back onto her rock body. She shakes her rock-coated body and shimmers in dull colors morphing back into a tiny human-female format. Then she spins around and stares at Leer. Purry cannot properly vocally communication as a tiny rock-coated figure, so she nods with a tiny smile to him.
He narrows his two eyelids and then gasps in shock at the new talent from Purry. He stated, “Are you okay there?”
“I’m fine and ready to fly! Thanks for asking, Leer! Let’s go and get outta of here!” Eartha said. She addresses the question not understanding that Purry is standing on top of the dashboard in front of Leer.
Purry nods several times then spins back around leaning into the glass window, wearing a sad face, viewing her burning home world.
He grabs a red tinted piece of gum for the space trip then breaks a tiny fragment from the edge, slowly extending the object to Purry. He gently taps her back spine. She spins around and stares at the tiny red-tinted fragment gasping in shock. He opens his mouth and places the other piece into his mouth starting to chew, mouth drooling over his parted lips. He smiles and nods to Purry in silence.
She immediately understands the human action and enlarges only her rock hand accepting the tiny fragment of gum. Then she enlarges her rock skull and opens her mouth with a row of rock teeth and a rock tongue, placing the gum down on top of the tongue. She starts chewing and nods to Leer. She spins around and sits down on top of the console facing Leer.
He softly laughs at Purry’s funny rock body displaying an enlarged skull head and one large hand. She works her rock-coated jawline up and down then swallows the chewed gun.
He gasped in shock. “No! Don’t swallow the gum. You chew it for a long period of time...”
“I know that, Leer! You never swallow the gum before, during or after the space flight.” Eartha said. She again addresses his statement without understanding the events behind the metal wall.
Purry nods several times in silence learning the new human information. He hands her a second tiny fragment from a new piece of gum. She accepts the gum and starts chewing with an open mouth of sharp rock teeth. Particles of chewed gum lands on one of her rock fingers. She continues to chew the gum imitating Leer and tries to remove the new gooey substance from her rock digits without success. The chewed gum stretches into long strands of colorful red strips sticking each rock digit and onto her rock-coated chest, without harming the Plutonian native. Purry continues to chew with an open mouth as more gum particles drops down over her body. Each chewy gummy strand entwines around her rock body parts.
Leer softly chuckles with amusement at Purry. The childish action will take her active Plutonian mind and her new set of mushy human feelings away from her permanently burning home world.
He smiles and reaches out flipping on an array of switches that controlled many functions.
One switch opens a set of the stored oxygen tanks forcing a set of air molecules through the series of wiggly clear and hollow pipes and then directly floating over a tiny spark of flame inside the stroke wick. Then a space fire births inside each stoker engine located in the rear grill on the starship.


Beetle Starship Ride
34:21 hours/minutes (mid-morning on Pluto within 153 hours rotation)
15:53 hours/minutes (late night on Neptune within 20 hours rotation)


Leer is ready to fly back home to Neptune today. He shoves the gliding stick forward. The Beetle flies straight ahead through the thick cloud of burning ashes soaring into outer space waves. He smiled and said into the microphone back to Eartha. “Right toe! We’re launching away from the burning planet. So, hang on to your seat or your ass or your rock bottom!” He laughs again.
The palmer screen on the side console panel, inside the Beetle, illuminates displaying a tall male figure in the colors of pale blue behind a solid black colored background. The male possesses a head of cropped red-tinted hair strands, a tone of pale-tinted skin, and a pair of blue eyes sounding with a baritone timber, wearing a pale blue sleeveless vest, a pair of matching walking shorts, and a pair of bare feet.
Each starship allows the pilot to select a male or a female automated voice software package that is displayed on a flat palmer screen. A long time ago, the automated voice software package was attached to a three-dimensional hologram figure located on top of the console panel for the eyeballs. However, numerous pilots, specifically males, caused too many outer space flight accidents watching the sexy movements from the girly hologram, instead of the boring flying starships. Thus, the hologram figure was terminated and then replaced with a flat palmer screen displaying a one-dimensional figure.
All the Outlaw starships use a male timber command instructional software package.
The baritone computer voice from an unknown but real human male does not smile or wiggle the male body on the palmer screen, inside the cockpit on the Beetle but stares at the human chin or related body human part on both Eartha and Leer. The hologram states, “Warning: you are passing through sizzling winds from numerous burnt ash particles coming from the ignited burning atmosphere on Planet Pluto. The magnetic field of Planet Pluto is weaker than Planet Earth, thus you do not have to fly at maximum flame-burn speed to break from the rotating orbit of Pluto.”
Leer pushes the gilding stick forward flying at average flame-burn of 50,000,000 miles-per-hour, soaring through outer space.
“Attention: you have cleared the ignited burning atmosphere of Planet Pluto flying at 50,000,000 miles-per-hour towards Planet Neptune,” the male figure states. “The Beetle starship will arrive at Planet Neptune in 17 minutes and 44 seconds.”
On the other side of the wall barrier, Eartha stated, “What are you doing, Leer?” She wears a sour frown to the palmer screen within the separate compartment, without seeing Leer through the solid steel wall.
“I’m setting the computer girl for a showcase talking about outer space for Purry.”
“She’s a dot.”
“She’s a native of the Milky Way Galaxy, like you and me. She deserves to hear about the other galactic planets as she is leading the charge for finding Tarafiddle.”
She slams the gum then sneers back to Leer. Eartha stated, “Tarafiddle! His name is Taradiddle.”
He snarled, “Fiddle or diddle, he’s a fake human and a Bad One.”
“Can’t the Beetle fly faster? I really wanna get back to Neptune as soon as possible, Pilot Leer.”
“Hmm! I can set the control to extremely maximum flame-burn at 150,000,000 miles-per-hour, but I can’t guarantee that the ship will operate again. The fire in the hole pretty much melts all the metal components and gears and switches sending this starship into the outer space junk pile or a beautiful plume of bright colors hitting an unknown planet.”
She laughed. “Do it, too it!”
He exhales with both nervousness and worry resetting the flame burn dials.
The computer male does not wiggle or dance but states with a monotone voice, “The Beetle starship travels at 150,000,000 miles-per-hour using the dangerous speed on the extreme maximum flame-burn setting, which is not illegal but unwise. This starship will reach the windmill lanes of Planet Neptune in six minutes and eleven seconds.”
The Beetle starship soars through outer space waves leaving a long brilliant flame burn trail in the colors of pink, blue, green, and yellow, heading back to Neptune.


Neptune time 15:59:22 hours/minutes/seconds (late night of 20 rotation hours)

The computer male continues to narrate out loud the scientific explanation of Planet Neptune. “The planet of Neptune is colored in vivid azure blue coming from the absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane. The earliest discovery of the planet was made in the year 1612 A.D. on a man-made telescope by earthling scientist Galileo di Vincenzo Bonaiuti de Galilei. The planet name Neptune comes from the Roman mythology entity known as the God of the Sea.
“The space distance between Planet Neptune and the Solar Sun was 2,800,000,000 billion space miles. Neptune orbits around the Solar Sun every 165 days based on the standard Planet Earth days and nights. The world is the eighth planet from the fixed Solar Sun with the fourth largest by its equator diameter. The world is dark and cold and whipped by supersonic winds of 1,500 miles-per-hour. The surface landmass of planet Neptune is comprised of hydrogen and helium minerals, an ice planet. The outer atmosphere of the planet records at negative 424 degrees Fahrenheit.
“The stratosphere of Neptune is warmed due to the elevated concentration of hydrocarbons. The mantle core consists of iconic water where the water molecules break down into hydrogen and oxygen ions. The wind force rules at 400 miles-per-hour located at the equator and 250 miles- per-hour at each polar axis. The only feature within the cold and light pale planet is the Great Dark Spot. The Spot raises up from the depths of the blue tinted fresh waters and then upwards into the troposphere at a lower altitude than the natural cloud formation, thus creating a vortex structure.
“The planet of Neptune appears in multi-colors to the human eyeballs and on the computer image screens. The middle of the sphere presents a tone of light green. Light blue colored dominates the southern polar axis. And soft pink tints occupy each lobe along the outer sides of the northern and southern polar axis.
The computer male blinks in red hue and states to the pilot of the Beetle starship, “Warning: you are approaching Adams Ring. Adams Ring is one of the two brightest rings among the five principal rings. The five ring system was discovered in the year 1984, in the July, on the 22nd, by Earth scientists Patrice Bouchet, Reinhold, Hafner, and Jean Manfroid, at the La Silla Observatory, in the country of Chile on Planet Earth. The names of the other rings heading towards Neptune is Arago, Lassell, Le Verrier, and Galle. Each ring is seventy percent dust particles. The Adams Ring present five arcs named Fraternity, Liberty, Courage, Equality One, and Equality Two and are posed in a stable position based on the resonant interaction between the ring and its inner shepherd moon named Galatea…”
“Shut it, ship!” Leer sneered. The computer shuts down.
Leer continues to steer the ship and wears a stern face watching out for objects in his dangerously swift outer space flight path, such like, a flying comet or a twirling asteroid. He views a bright tiny blue glow coming on his home world of Planet Neptune. He smiles with relief after an awful two working day as an Outlaw experiencing both mental peace and body harmony while approaching his birth planet.
Purry continues to sit on top of his console dashboard and studies outer space objects in silence.
Eartha lightly catnaps in silence feeling a combination of human emotions consisting of relief, sorrow, worry, fear, and fright.
Inside the cockpit, on the side wall, the computer male image appears in bright red hue and states both to Leer and Eartha. “Warning: you are approaching the first pair of windmill satellites. A series of invisible galactic winds speed in a crossover drift coming from the northern depths of outer space, flowing towards a southern direction from Planet Uranus at 560 miles-per-hour. To avoid the 560 miles-per-hour galactic winds, please fly directly straight through the passageway without veering into the depths of outer space or into one of the tall exposed Tower Tubes. Please do not ram into either one of the two Tower Tube!”
Leer does not bother to verbally respond back to the computer image flying between the outer space molecules towards the windmills.
Centuries ago, on Planet Earth, an ancient windmill instrument was a machine that converted the energy of the winds into rotational energy by means of a set of vertical blades. Centuries ago, a wooden or a steel encased vertical windmill was used to pump water for drinking or generating electricity by a set of spinning and rotating vertical blades with wind energy. The ancient wind engine was used to lift water from the earth of underground stream. The windmill was also used for purposes of sawing wood logs, chopping up hay stalks, and grinding corn grain on numerous farms on Planet Earth.
The same machine concept was designed and then built into an outer space windmill satellite.
The outer space windmill satellite is a stationary object within outer space and does not move for any reason coming from a galactic storm of asteroids or a careless space captain of a large starship. The windmill satellite presents a vertically, thick-looking, long Tube Tower in bright white hue, so a flying starship will miss the free-floating object and then the ship crew members will live, not die. Protruding and spinning away from the upright Tube Tower is a set of massive number of thick and slender white colored blades, creating a windmill machine. The blades are self-regulating by the natural 1,500 miles-per-hour supersonic outer space winds blowing across the galaxy. A series of supersonic winds exceeds air force speed faster than the speed of sound soaring throughout the Solar System.
A gear box houses the massive long rotating blades and a gigantic crankshaft mechanic swinging the massive blades around. The Tower magically hangs within black outer space by means of solar sunlight power collected into numerous exposed solar generators, every second of the day and nighttime. The Solar Sun or yellow star pews out both heat and flames plumes from its fiery core at 28,259,540 degrees of Fahrenheit flaming numerous fast-traveling rays throughout the Solar System.
Both the planets of Uranus and Neptune are dominated by five major jet streams of supersonic winds as the visible winds race around each world and then is tossed outwards into the outer reaches of a black, cold outer space environment influencing the other natural flying and floating celestial objects around the galactic playground.
When the first flame-burn ancient Earth starship encountered the first set of supersonic of winds at 560 miles-per-hour while passing between the northern polar axis and the equator on the gas planet of Uranus, the starship was captured inside a terrible wind storm and then blown out beyond the far reaches of the bright stars. The starship and its brave settlers were never seen again. Then, all the ancient starships halted and hovered in the outer space waves as the smart Earth scientists quickly concluded the issue.
The jet stream blows and then pushes out a set of frozen clouds of natural gas around and then outwards from the edges of each planet into the outer space environment presenting a set of tight invisible bands of wind, without depth. The jet stream is the galactic trapping mechanism for numerous runaway comets that can damage a star or a planet, compliments of the Prime Creator.
Leer steers the Beetle in the middle of the invisible outer space molecules in-between each pair of man-made metal windmills without feeling the sideways motion inside his chair or on the gliding stick.
A windmill is built as a matching pair of machines starting on the outer edge of Planet Uranus and as a pair of windmills are magically implanted through a well-traveled outer space starship flight path beside Planet Neptune ending before several millions of miles before Dwarf Planet Pluto for safety purposes.
The Tube Tower attaches to a crank shift with a series of the slender, metal-like, extremely long paddles and is a tiny city of viewing glass windows of light similar to an ancient space station with an array of windmill personnel. The personnel component employs engineers, programmers, administrators, chefs, teachers, and clean-up machines including their family units too. All the family units came from Planet Earth, ironically.
On the palmer screen, the male image states in a calm timber, “Warning: you are approaching the planet of Neptune. The world is colored in vivid azure blue coming from the absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane. The earliest discovery of the planet was made in the year 1612 by a man-made telescope from earthling scientist Galileo di Vincenzo Bonaiuti de Galilei. The planet name Neptune comes from the Roman mythology entity, God of the Sea. The mantle consists of water, ammonia, and methane ice. The space distance between Planet Neptune and the fixed Solar Sun is 2,784,000 space miles. Neptune orbits around the fixed Solar Sun every 165 days based on the standard Planet Earth days and nighttime calendar measurements.”
Leer gasps in shock and jerks the stick in the middle halting the starship while floating in the outer space waves. He shouted inside the cabin. “Freeboot!” His palmer speaker box is quiet. He repeated. “Freeboot!”
Eartha stirs awake and gasps in shock. She shouted, “Zing it! What’s this? Where…where’s the second windmill satellite?”
“Freeboot!” Leer repeated, again.
“Leer!” A female voice on the palmer speaker box softly stated.
“This is Leer. Where’s Freeboot?”
The female voice breaks then sobs in tears. She stated, “He…”
Eartha sneered in worry. “Where’s the location of the second windmill satellite, Controller?”
“What happened to Freeboot?” Leer shouted at the controller.
The female voice softly states and sobs with her tears. She said, “We…we were hit…hit…by a large…”
“…warship…” Eartha whispered.
Leer shouted shaking both of his hands in the air, “No! No! No! The windmill satellites cannot be destroyed.”
“The windmill satellite was attacked then destroyed by Taradiddle.” Eartha clarified to Leer. The Controller is quiet shutting off the communication from the free-standing second windmill.
He yelled. “No! No! This is not possible! No!”
“Leer, we have a much bigger problem, right here and right now. You were wise to stop inside the stable winds of the second windmill satellite that temporarily protects us from the dangerous galactic windstorms. How are we going to get to and then down the Neptune Vortex?”
He gasps in shock and looks down seeing the planet but feels so far from his home world. He said, “I don’t know.”
She pulls out and studies her palmer. Eartha said, “Zing it! There are three horizontal jet streams coming off from Neptune that clearly displays on my palmer. The first jet stream blows west near the equator that measures 30,600 miles wide and the wind flies at 1,300 miles-per-hour. Then an easterly jet stream flows at both the northern and southern hemisphere carrying 560 miles-per-hour winds. However, between these vertical and horizontal layers of winds, Between the layers, the atmosphere is made of thinly outer space molecules. This is a breeze! Use and excuse the pun! Did you get that, Leer?”
“Yeah.”
“Do you want me to fly the Beetle?”
“Yeah.”
She shouted with delight, “Zing it! Let’s do this!”
He frowned. “Ugh! The Great Dark Spot is located on the equator with the1, 300 miles-per-hour winds, but the Spot now faces, winks and teases us while parked here, helpless and alone, within the outer space waves.”
She gasped, “What!”
He said pointing at the planet, “The face of the Spot is facing us here within the outer space waves.”
“Yeah, I see that, too,” she said with a frown. “Zing it! We go and do a frontal assault. I’ll fly straight ahead at maximum flame-burn speed of 150,000,000 miles-per-hour and rip through the galactic windstorms diving down into the vortex opening into our home. Hold onto something! This ride is going to get really real!”
“Purry, you need to drop down from the console and sit in my lap. Eartha must fly the ship through 650 miles-per-hour winds getting us to the Neptune Vortex first. Then we drop down through the vortex and land in the warm waters of the pond.” Leer ordered.
Purry spins around and then leaps off the dashboard landing in his lap curling into a small ball of colorful dots protecting her rock-coated body. He smiles down at the tiny ball and wishes for that talent too looking up to see his glowing blue-tinted home world.
The ship speeds ahead leaving the protective cushion from the second windmill satellite then jolts sideways soaring back towards Pluto. Eartha fights against the powerful jet stream. She shouted back to Leer, “Unbelievable! The supersonic wind patterns blow down from the northern to southern latitude within outer space. Are you vomiting down into your lap yet?”
“No.” He answered.
The male image states without a facial expression to Leer and Eartha. “Warning: you are approaching the planet of Neptune which is colored in vivid azure blue that comes from the absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane. The earliest discovery of the planet was made…”
“Shut it, ship!” Leer yelled. The male image remains without sound.
The ship wildly pitches to side then the opposite side. Eartha cursed with annoyance. “This flight maneuver should be so simple. The winds soar around, besides and behind Planet Neptune blowing in a series of invisible tight bands, without any depth. Are you swaying side to side, Leer?”
“Yes.”
She laughed steering the ship. “Fly straight ahead and break through the speeding winds, but I can’t break through the speeding winds. What’s wrong with the ship?” The ship squeaks and then squeals in metal pain.
Leer gasps in worry waving both of his metal-covered arms in the air. He softly ordered to her, “Eartha, go back! I’m hearing metal pain, broken glass, and wobbling bolts. The ship can’t handle the intense wind pressure.”
Eartha yelled, “Zing it!” She flies backwards and halts the ship back inside the stable wind currents. She exhaled with defeat. “This…this…this is unbelievable. We’re hovering here in outer space a few million miles from Neptune and can’t reach the planet in an outer space starship. I don’t understand. My logic was sound. My ship was hot. My aim was perfect. What did I do wrong?”
“Bow shock.”
“Excuse you!” She sneered.
“A bow shock is a forwardly propelling curved heated wave coming from the planet. The solar winds flowing around outer space hold a magnetic field. Neptune is a solid fixed body with its own alive and breathing magnetic field. When Neptune interacts with the flowing wind forces, it reacts freely when something invades its free space, thus creating a bow shock waves extending thousands of miles from the planet’s core.  The bow shock tail extends 1,101,556.80 miles from the center of Neptune.
“The bow shock effect slows the solar winds at mile marker 533,949.06 from the center of Neptune. At space mile marker 351,886.20, the bow shock counterbalances the solar winds creating calm or stable winds.
“A natural occurring bow shock wave significantly slows down any object, such like a starship, traveling at supersonic speed towards the solid body, such like a planet, without hitting it. The name bow shock comes from Neptune, when the nicely curved ridge of Pond water in front of a speeding paddle boat creating a bow shock wave design.” He exhaled with worry. “Your idea is valid. There are tiny holes within the speeding wind forces. But the natural occurring bow shock wave overlaps or fills up all the empty holes, thus the ship was tossed back into the winds.”
She frowned. “Wait! We didn’t encounter a bow shock wave leaving the Great Dark Spot on Neptune heading to Pluto three days ago? If your theory is correct, then no starship can leave the plane.”
“You’re both right and wrong. The creation of the two man-made floating windmills deflect both the winds and the waves from the planet. Thus, a starship can easily arrive, hold, enter, travel, and then land down through the vertex cloud without getting tossed around the winds and eventually throwed into outer space.”
“Now, I understand.” She stated. “So, shall we go and plant the ship on top of one of Neptune’s moon? Right now, Moon Proteus glows in yellow hue above the planet. Moon Larissa, Moon Galatea, and Moon Despina are slightly below the planet facing on our side. Moons Naiad and Thalassa continue to dance their paired weird orbital moves near the center of their mother planet. The moons lie between 23,000 and 33,000 miles away from supersonic winds but within the bow shock wave. We can land and then send out a call to the other Outlaws.”
“I do like that idea. But I’m worried about the other Outlaw Divisions. Tarafiddle now knows of the Outlaws, who are the protectors of the Solar System. He now has destroyed the single and safe mode of transporting down into the Neptune for me to see my parents. The planet is not damaged or burning to death. But we don’t know the condition of Uranus or Jupiter or Saturn. The natives might be battling in a vicious outer space fight with him right now. Even if we send out a distress signal, it might be days or weeks or months before a single Birdie will arrive and help us.”
“Zing it!” She only stated.
Leer exhales with annoyance and now worries for his parents, desiring to see his parents, hugging their warm bodies. He yelled, “Palm Boy!”
The palmer activates. The male hologram appears. “What can I do for you, Pilot Leer?”
She asked, “What are you doing, Leer?” Eartha looks up with puzzlement seeing the male hologram on her console.
Leer smiled, “Palm Boy, how did the ancient settlers from Planet Earth land on the surface of Planet Neptune in the year 2051?”
“Many space settlers, inside a smaller outer space craft, died trying to land on Planet Neptune first. Then they tried to land, inside a smaller outer space craft, on one of the moons but died again. The yellow star or fixed Solar Sun dominates the inner planets, within the known Solar System, housing all the natives. The four giant gas planets dominate the outer Solar System space, housing additional natives and numerous moons of all sizes, shapes, and surfaces. Planet Jupiter claims 105 moons. Planet Saturn possesses 102 moons. These moons comprise various mineral components, such like, sub-surface oceans or volcanoes or liquid hydrocarbons surface or circular faint ice-coated rings. Planet Neptune holds 19 moons and Planet Uranus possesses 35 moons.
“Triton, the largest moon connected to Planet Neptune orbits in the opposite direction, which is called a retrograde orbit. Retro is a funny word. Don’t you believe so too? Anyways, Planet Uranus has nine irregular moons that also orbit backwards with a retrograde orbit.
Moon Neso is claimed by Planet Neptune and runs an elliptical orbit 46 million miles away from its mother planet, which takes 27 Earth years to complete one single orbit.
“The two natural moons named Naiad and Thalassa are locked into an unusual orbital resonance. The orbital distance is 1,150 miles apart, but the two moons never touch or collide into each other, because the orbit of Moon Naiad is tilted. Moon Naiad travels faster around Planet Neptune than Moon Thalassa passing each other 2,200 miles apart. Moon Naiad requires seven hours to encircle Planet Neptune. Moon Thalassa takes seven and one-half hours to complete one orbit around Neptune, thus creating a wildly zigzag orbital pattern. The pattern passes by twice from above and then then twice from below. Two-up. Two-down. Two-up. Two-down. The pattern repeats itself every time Moon Naiad laps Moon Thalassa four times. Two-up. Two-down. Moon Thalassa. Moon Thalassa. Moon Thalassa. Moon Thalassa. Two-up. Two-down. Ain’t that interesting, ya’ll?”
“How did the ancient settlers land on Planet Neptune, Palm Girl?” Leer sneered at the hologram female. Sometimes, the hologram programs provide too much information before answering the posed question due to the smartass hologram programs, who like to live in the basement of dirt on Planet Jupiter, instead of associating with live people.
“Finally, the smarter space scientists figured out the supersonic winds traveled at 1,300 miles-per-hour around 30,600 miles of surface space from in a western to eastern direction at the center equator and then goes 600 miles deep on both side of Planet Neptune. The supersonic winds also travel 560 miles-per-hour…”
“Halt, Palm Boy!” Eartha said with a frown studying her palmer screen, silently reading the new information. “This activity is getting us nowhere but bored and worried. However, Palm Boy did say something interesting to my brain cells.”
Leer said with a frown. “Huh! What! What did you say, Eartha?”
She whispered. “The width of the shock wave changes, not the direction, so we increase flow speed of the Beetle greater than the speed of sound and then jump through one of the empty cavities, within the supersonic winds, landing right on top of the surface. But...but…but…how do we do that without dying? I really wanna live and date then marry then mate and then birth a baby with you, Leer. That’s my dream!”
He stated, “Well, I’m pissed off, miffed off, and totally worried. What are we going to do here? How are we going to get down into the Neptune Vortex without dying first? I’m fresh outta of an ‘alive and breathing’ idea, Eartha.”
She exhaled. “I don’t know either.”
“We can fly straight to Planet Uranus and land there working out a new solution or talk to some smart scientists. This is a science problem or a physics issue. I’m not a scientist; I’m an Outlaw.”
She replied, “Yeah, I feel and see the same way.” She frowns and ponders the terrible solution within her own active brain cells starting at the fixed object within outer space.
The planet of Neptune appears in multi-colors. The middle of the sphere presents a tone of light green. Light blue colored dominates the southern polar axis. And soft pink tints occupy each lobe along the outer sides of the northern polar axis.
The Beetle ship floats within the safe passage coming from the protection of the second man-made windmill’s calm outer space waves. The controller inside the second windmill is silence with instructions for Leer and Eartha as each Neptunian is overcome with the emotions of sadness, fear, and wonder of worry, if the large warship is coming back to destroy the second windmill and their life force. The appearance of Leer and his smaller Beetle provides some reassurance that all will be well, for the moment.
Eartha hisses at the new situation and the failure to reach the Neptune Vortex. She stares at the planet and then studies her palmer clicking on the tiny keyboard while looking for another method of reaching the vortex.
She whispered for her eardrums only. “The planet of Neptune is colored in vivid azure blue coming from the absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane. The earliest discovery of the planet was made in the year 1612 by a human-made telescope from earthling scientist Galileo di Vincenzo Bonaiuti de Galilei. The planet name Neptune came from the Roman mythology, the God of the Sea. The space distance between Neptune and the Solar Sun was 2.8 billion space miles. Neptune orbits around the solar sun every 165 days based on the standard Earth days. Neptune is posed as the eighth planet from the Solar Sun and the fourth largest by equator diameter. The planet is dark and cold and whipped by supersonic winds of 1,500 miles-per-hour at the equator.” She giggled. “Tell me about it!” She continues softly reading out loud. “The surface landmass of Neptune is made of hydrogen and helium, relatively an ice planet…an ice planet….an ice planet,” she looks up and smiles at Neptune.
Eartha whispered, “Neptune is an ice planet,” she looks down and continues to read the information on the palmer screen. “The outer atmosphere of the planet is recorded at negative 424 degrees Fahrenheit…negative 424 degrees Fahrenheit…negative 424 degrees Fahrenheit,” she looks up and sneers at Neptune.
Eartha said, “Neptune is an ice plant with a surface temperature with a negative, not a positive 424 degrees Fahrenheit.” She looks down and continues to read softly. “The stratosphere of Neptune is warmer due to the elevated concentration of hydrocarbons. The mantle core consists of iconic water where the water molecules breaks down into hydrogen and oxygen ions. The wind force is 1,300 miles-per-hour at the equator and 650 miles-per-hour at each polar axis.” She views Neptune and nods with a stern face. “That’s my problem right there! The crosswinds are…are…are…” She frowns. “One wind force is the math number of 1,300 plus a second wind force is the math number of 650 and they equal 1,950. The math number of the combined wind force is 1,950 divided by the math number two for each wind forces equals 975 miles-per-hour of wind force. Zing it! That’s not correct! I can fly 150,000,000 per hour at maximum flame-burn and still can’t cross a tiny wind force of 975 miles-per-hour. I’m missing something. Yeah, a second windmill,” she softly giggled. Eartha is not worried about Leer.
He sits in the pilot’s chair feeling tired, sad, and frustrated without speaking word, thinking of a new solution. Eartha has seen his weak demeanor exhibited numerous times. He likes his sissy job and his sissy life and his sissy planet.
She frowns exhaling a sour puff of air molecules. Eartha whispered, “The math number of 1,300 times the math number of 650 is 845,000. Yeah, that’s my answer and my problem. The crosswinds blow across the vortex at 845,000 miles-per-hour. Now, that’s a problem. Only a warship could advance through 845,000 miles-per-hour winds, not getting destroyed into obliteration or wildly flung beyond the stars into another galaxy.” Eartha looks down feeling a heavy heart of disappointment but a tiny ray of hope, reading more information on Planet Neptune. “The only feature within the cold and light pale planet is the Great Dark Spot. Yeah, I know that too. The Spot rises up from the depths of the blue liquid water and upwards into the troposphere at a low altitude rather than like a natural cloud formation, creating a vortex structure. However, the Spot is like a cloud formation that surrounds the vortex opening…vortex opening…vortex opening.” She shouted to Leer. “I know now. I know now. I know what we can do.”
Leer is still both silent and worried while staring at his home world, without touching it.
Eartha said with a grin. “We can blast the Beetle through the supersonic winds and then crash onto the icy surface.”
“What!” He said gasping in both fear and shock. “Are you crazy, Eartha? Yes, you’re insane, girlfriend.”
She giggled. “Am I really your girlfriend, Leer? That’s so sweet. Maybe, after we survive this, we can go on a date for a breakfast picnic, later in the morning. Yeah, that’s a good plan!” He does not address her question. She clears her throat. Eartha stated, “Listen to me here! Listen to my brilliant plan! We zoom the Beetle through the sonic winds, crash on the surface. The surface of Neptune is comprised with thick sheets of icy ice. The Beetle’s panels of metal and us will survive. I promise.” She giggled with nervousness. “We’re posed beside the single windmill that protects our tail. The vortex opening stands…”
“The planet spins around on its axis.”
She said. “I know that.”
He stated. “The planet is spinning around right now, so the Great Dark Spot is moving away from us each millisecond of time.”
She stated, “I know that too. The Great Dark Spot stands in a southwestern position, from us, which is good for an indirect hit into the wide mouth opening.”
He shouted back at Eartha, “Wait! Wait! Wait! We…you have been trying to do that for a direct dump down into the vortex. Once the vortex winds capture the ship, then we fall down the spiral safely landing in the Pond. Then we’re home again.”
She exhaled with frustration. “Yes, we tried, and then we failed. This is a different flight plan,” she giggled with silliness. “I can’t reach the vortex through 845,000 miles-per-hour winds.”
He said, “What 845,000 miles-per-hour winds? Where are these 845,000 miles-per-hour winds located? I can’t feel or see these 845,000 miles-per-hour winds.”
She said, “The math calculation from the 1,300 miles-per-hour winds at the equator and the 650 miles-per-hour winds from the two extreme axis poles creates a crosswind of 845,000 miles-per-hour flying across the wide opening on the Neptune Vortex.” Leer is quiet.
She stated. “However, you have learned some new information about a bow shock wave. The width of the bow shock wave changes, but not the direction. The missing windmill has extended the current bow shock wave towards the artificial wind forces coming from the second existing windmill. You mentioned it first. The twin Tube Towers tosses all the supersonic winds from the flight path into outer space. So, if we apply the same method. Right now, the bow shock wave is weak at mile marker 533 but is calm at mile marker 350 from the planet’s center. So now, we increase the flow speed on the Beetle greater than the speed of sound and then jump through one of the empty cavities, within the 1,300 prevailing supersonic winds running across the equator, landing right on top of the surface.  
“The equator supersonic winds only travel 600 miles down from the equator. Thus we allow the gravitation pull from Neptune to slam the Beetle ship into the icy surface of Neptune, a little left of the southwestern position on the ice sheet, and then perform a short zip in the ship through the cloud formation of the Vortex, landing inside the spiral and then sail down into the Pond. The end!”
He frowned. “That’s impossible!”
“It’s brilliant!”
“It’s impossible!”
“That’s the plan!”
He stated with a flat tone, “It’s not a plan.”
Eartha exhales with frustration at her co-worker Leer. Eartha ordered, “Stop, look, and listen to me, here, Leer! We can’t fight the supersonics winds in a small space craft, maybe if we were inside a larger space craft...like…like…a warship. The wind forces soar from north to south at the poles plus blowing east and then west sliding around the equator near the vortex opening in all known geographical directions. The ice sheets are too swift for the supersonic winds which will dump us directly into the Spot for sailing down into the Pond.”
“We…we can miss the Spot.”
“Yes, we can’t get to the Spot, so we can miss the Spot. So, if we miss the Spot on the short run, then we can continue to slip around the icy surface until we tip then tumble down into the vortex opening.” She stated starting to clap and cheer with her brilliant idea.
“Ugh!” Leer frowned. “I hate your plan.”
She nodded with a smile. “Okay. We can fly backwards from the windmill tower back to a burning Pluto and call for help from Darsha. That specific radio transmission will take hours and days now that Pluto is burning. Or we can fly ahead and go to Uranus or Saturn and call her from there.”
“I wanna go home.” Leer said with a worried brow.
“Touché!” Eartha cheered with a smile. She ignites the flame burn engines slamming the stick forward. The ship heads into the outer space waves hitting the narrow band on the Adam Ring twirling sideways. Leer grunts with fear.
She releases the stick. The ship speeds faster around in a circle twisting on top of the narrow ring of ice chips and loose rock particles. The thin narrow design of the Adam Ring is not dense enough to damage the outside metal panels on the Beetle ship. However, the decorative glass pipes that hold the pretty gases crack open and then pop off on the top of the ship creating a set of whistles.
Leer holds his head using both of his naked hands making a set of loud grunting sounds. Purry cuddles into Leer’s leg in safety. Her tiny rock body does not act like a human format.
The ship continues to spin and then skates over the top matter on the first narrow ring jumping over the other two rings slapping the Le Veer Rings and then bounces into the outer space molecules. The ship soars ahead towards the icy surface of Neptune.
Eartha kills the flame burn engines without starting a dangerous fire within the metal belly of the ship. The belly of the ship is very hot and heated. The Beetle swings around its grill slamming the ice sheet on the surface, not sticking into the icy surface and then tumbles into an upside-down position. She starts the flame-burn engine slapping the stick forward. This action shoves the front grill of the Beetle into a somersault landing on the rooftop. The remaining decorative glass pipes crack and then break into tiny pieces flying over the ice surface. The ship starts to quickly slide sideways in an eastern direction flying away from the Great Dark Spot and around the globe.
“I did it.” She yelled with happiness.
Leer shuffles sideways then straightens his body removing both of his naked hands from his face, gasping at the windshield. The window is shattered and cracked not imploring. He yelled, “You did something!”
The ship continues to slide across the ice sheet. She yelled, “The Beetle is moving under its own inertia without flame burn.”
“Don’t start the engines!” He shouted.
“I won’t. But…”
“Don’t!”
She frowns at his words and the ice sheet. She asked, “Why? What’s the problem?”
He strains his two eyeballs seeing a flat, dull-looking blue tinted icy surface. He softly stated, “I can’t see the Great Dark Spot.”
She strains her two eyeballs also seeing the same surface image. She softy replied, “Yeah, I can’t either.” The computer is dead due to the lack of energy, so Eartha must use her human senses as the ship continues to spin sideways and swiftly speeds over the slick ice sheet.
He shouted in panic. “What’s happening here to us?”
“Don’t curse us!”
“Right toe!”
She instinctively points at the cracked windshield towards a large object in front of the ship. Eartha said, “Wait! Wait! I see something.”
“I see it too.” He smiled at the same object. A formation of dark blue methane clouds raises up from the ice sheet surrounding the Neptune Vortex.
She gasped in worry and then shouted in concern. “The ship’s too low. We’re going to miss the…”
“…I know...” Leer softy stated. The ship rolls below the huge dark blue cloud formation. He sighs in disappointment. He said. “Don’t fret, Eartha! We have good position and great speed. We just go around again. Right toe! We just go around again and meet the Great Dark Spot again.”
“The supersonic winds are gathering strength and pulling us lower.”
“Use the flame-burn engine and maintain the speed and position until we pass the winds.” Leer ordered.
“Okay!” She ignites the fire and increases the speed. The ship twists sideways. Eartha cuts the engine. The ship glides into a semi-crooked line speeding pass the dark blue methane cloud formation and heading into a westly direction. The Beetle starts a second rotation. Eartha, Purry, and Leer, all remain silent with worried feelings.
The ship swiftly soars on top of the ice sheet and slowly spins in a set of completed circles across the rear of the planet. The internal man-made environment stabilizes the breathing air molecules and safely comfort inside the cockpit for the three life forms. Almost at the speed of sound, the ship curves around the southern side on the planet heading in a northernly direction.

Twenty-one minutes later, at 16:21:38 hours/minutes/seconds, on Planet Neptune, a dark blue formation fills the forward then the rear windshield as the ship steers below the methane clouds. Eartha gasps in shock then ignites the flame burn engines. The ship continues to shift sideways. The nose grill swiftly turns facing the cloud formation, veering into the dark blue hue. She kills the fire and watches the formation in the windshield.
Leer raises both arms slapping his hands into the rooftop. He yelled in delight. “Right toe! You did it, Eartha.” He drops both hands down into his lap without hitting Purry.
She continues to pray and views the outer layer of the Neptune Vortex. Eartha smiled, “That’s the easy part! We might die here, Leer.”
“Naw!”
“Yes!”
“Nope!”
“Yeah!”
The ship hits the warmer ice puddles and then twirls in a set of completed circles through the dark blue clouds while making each crew member yell in fear. A few second later, the Beetle leaves the puddles of water and slides across the empty air space then halts. Both Leer and Eartha stop screaming from the terrible wild ride and then calmly survey the new outer space environment. The ship magically hangs in the air, when the vortex air molecules grab the floating ship, flinging the man-made object down through the vertical spiral. They scream in both fright and fear. The ship lands down with a big splash of waves inside the Pond, within the Great Dark Spot.
Inside the cockpit cabin, Leer gasps for breath of life and then smiles seeing the familiar Pond setting. He yelled to Eartha. “Thank you. Thank you! Thank you! I love my Pond. I love my parents. I love my planet. I love my girl. I love you, Eartha!”
She wiggles in the chair and smiles. Eartha said, “I love you, too, Leer. Can we…?”


16:32:07 hours/minutes/second (late night on Neptune)
The Pond location


The Pond environment is too deep down the vortex hole to experience warm rays of sunlight or cold waves of outer space. However, the heavy cloud formations reflect bright blinding light from the heavy thunderstorms occurring all over the surface top on the planet sending bright rays of blinding light down into the vortex hole into the water. Thus, the Pond environment shines brightly all hours in both night and day without a moon or a sun or stars. The natives do not mind and are used to the flaw. Thus, at nighttime, the Pond waters are calm and shiny reflecting the bright lights. However, each pole house practices the routine of daytime hours and nighttime hours for the tired, sleepy children and their working parents.
Among the bright light of nighttime, within the slightly damaged Beetle ship, inside the cockpit pilot chair, Leer ordered to Eartha. “Eartha, get out of the tunnel first then get undressed from your damaged space suit and dressed in your lovely original Outlaw uniform. Tean and Boodle are floating around the left side hatchway waiting on your departure from the Beetle. You go and ride with Boodle. I’ll ride with Tean and tarry Purry with me.”
“I…”
“…will obey your order, Leer. That’s your only response. Get off the ship, now, human girl!”
“But I thought…”
“We arrived alive! I wanna get outta of the ship before it sinks down into the Pond waters or something worser. Get outta of here, now, Eartha!” He hissed his new command.
“Zing it!” Eartha said sliding off the co-pilot chair, wearing a sour frown then swiftly crawls down the single semi-bright tunnel exiting the hole, standing upright inside the cargo hole floor. She still wears the soft, silly, coral-tinted plutonian pajamas. The starship does not carry Outlaw uniforms for each Outlaw, only life-saving space suits. She exhales with annoyance at Leer, Purry, and finally madman Taradiddle, who has single-handedly ruined her love relationship with Leer. She is both eager and anxious to find and then kill Taradiddle. Then the current abnormal life of Planet Neptune will return back to normal.
She shakes out her new colored hair, which has accidentally or experimentally morphed into a black tinted hue, after purposefully stealing a nasty tube of contaminated Planet Earth medication, there on Planet Pluto, which will become an ancient boring story for her future grandchildren. She brushes both of her naked hands through her hair and pads ahead towards left side hatchway, without seeing Boodle, spinning around to view the other open hatchway. She views two paddle boats.
Eartha shakes her curls again. “Leer doesn’t even know his left toe from his right toe,” she giggled then halted at the edge of the ship.
Boodle floats towards the opening then paddles in place. She stands average height and weight possessing a head of cropped strawberry-blonde hair curls, a pair of aqua colored eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin, wearing her Outlaw attire, a pair of walking shorts, a sleeveless shirt, and naked feet.
Eartha leaps off the lip of the floor and then lands in an upright pose on top of an extra-long, wide, sturdy paddle board which can transport multiple upright passengers. She leans into the back spine on her female coworker and states to whisper the unique Pluto adventure with Leer and Purry into the eardrum on Boodle. Boodle presents a smile and slowly starts paddling away from the floating Beetle starship but waits for her boyfriend Tean.
Inside the cockpit, Leer said. “Purry, let me get out first then you come out five minutes later. Can you tell or count time in minutes?’ Purry, the tiny rock girl spins around from the windshield glass and nods to Leer, without talking. He softly chuckles then drops down on top of the metal floor crawling backwards through the tunnel, exiting the hole. He stands upright on top of the metal scooting away from the damaged outer space suit then opens the hidden closet quickly dressing in a new oversized Outlaw uniform that does not belong to Leer. He does not have time to prim and prime for the upcoming meeting with his partners, before reporting back to his supervisor Darsha the terrible events on Planet Pluto.
He wears a white tinted pair of walking shorts, a matching sleeve-less tee shirt, a pair of naked feet, and a clean shaven face, slowly padding towards the right-side hatchway, waving to Tean. He had used the emergency kit in the pilot’s chair to shave the beard off his face. His mama will not approve!
Tean maneuvers closer to the hatchway lip watching the waves and the water.
Purry quickly counts off the human minutes inside the cockpit area then leaps down from the pilot console running ahead her tiny rock girl formation on top of the metal floor, exiting the hole and then halts in place. Her body shimmers in pretty colors and as each dot is ordered to expand acquiring her normal rock-coated height. She shuffles ahead then stops beside Leer, cuddling into his back spine then shoves Leer from the hatchway and down on top of the paddle boat.
Tean continues to view the water and the waves without slamming the board into the dock or injuring his body against the metal dock. He measures six feet in height possessing a head of cropped blonde hair, a pair of hazel tinted eyeballs, a tone of pale tinted skin, and a body of strong muscles. Tean wears light blue, consisting of a pair of walking shorts, a matching sleeveless tee shirt, and a pair of bare feet.
Both Leer and Purry remain silent but rock the runner within the calm waves, quickly sinking the rear end down into the fresh water. Tean gasps in shock at the weird movement then starts to paddle faster balancing out the uneven board, before the transport and the two people drown down in the Pond, following behind his girl Boodle on her own runner with Outlaw Eartha.
Boodle and Tean are engaged and scheduled to marry later this year. They are always partnered and worked together within the Pond setting as a pair of outlaws, like Leer and Eartha.

At 16:37:18 hours/minutes/seconds of nighttime, Leer slaps the collar bone on his friend Tean then cuddles his two cupped palms around the back spine on his buddy while loudly laughing with a wide smile, feeling happy relief at returning home. Now, his parents will make his home world safe and sound again for their only biological son. He grinned with glee. “Purry, this is my co-worker and best friend Tean. Tean, this is Purry.”
“What!” Tean shouted. He continues to work the paddle hardy pulling two other heavy objects on top of the extra-long shared runner, without seeing Purry.
Leer scans the Pond with a smile. He narrated to Purry. “Welcome to Neptune, Purry! Tean, Purry comes from Planet Pluto. Purry, this is our mode of transportation, a paddle boat. Each native wears a white-tinted or light-colored walking shorts, a white tinted or light-colored sleeveless shirt, and a pair of bare feet or a pair of flip-flips due to the steamy warmth here within the Great Dark Spot. The Great Dark Spot holds fresh sea water during the day and the night. Some natives wear a swimming suit depending on their work job fishing for fresh food or their fun water skiing for entertainment…”
The external formation within the Great Dark Spot is a continuous super hurricane formation with a non-movable swirling and twirling winds that measures at a top speed of 1,500 miles-per-hour continuously, without change. Inside the center of the hurricane eye, a spot of cloudless, bright light, heated steam, and calm waters lives.
In the year 2051, a set of poor, starving, and abused earthlings inside a fleet of numerous ancient outer space starships abandoned their home world flying through outer space then halted orbiting around Planet Neptune, which was known in Roman mythology as the god of the sea. After a major exodus from their home world of Earth, the smart scientists had figured out the center of the storm was a viable atmosphere for the group of wandering and homesick earthlings with a set of breathable air and a pond of drinking water.
One hundred forty-eight years later, in the year 2199, third-year employee, Outlaw Leer Dunstan is one of the many grandchildren coming from one of those 148-year-old dead original settlers as he continues to happily live, prosper, and thrive inside the Great Dark Spot.
The Great Dark Spot is almost the same mathematical diameter of Planet Earth. A diameter is a straight line passing from one side to the opposite side through the center of a circle regarding mathematical principles. The polar diameter of Planet Earth is 7,901 miles. The equator diameter of Earth is 7,926 miles.
The Great Dark Spot is 7,900 miles in total length from one side to the opposite side and 7,900 miles in total height from the top of the stationary hurricane northern tip down to the southern tip. Then the circle is divided into four quarters which are divided over an open space of fresh sea water consisting of 7,900 miles.
On top of the fresh pond water, Tean continues to grunt using his strong muscles and steadily paddles ahead dragging his two heavy passengers towards one of the two stacked buildings.
Leer smiles at the pretty, familiar landscape of calm water and pole houses. He asked, “Are we paddling back to the office, Tean?”
Tean said with a deep grunt, “No!”
Leer said with a puzzled brow, “Why not?”
“We are paddling towards Quarter RR.”
Leer said with a smile, “Right toe! Purry, we’re not going to see my supervisor Darsha and my work office right now. We’re going to meet my parents, who live in Quarter RR. The Great Dark Spot is 7,900 miles in total length from side to side and 7,900 miles in total height from the top to bottom. Then the pond circle is divided into four quarters which are divided over an open space of fresh sea water which is also 7,900 miles across. That silly naming convention for the four quarters does truly and comically make our ancient Neptunians some fun-ass folks, who first lived here in the past solar Earth year of 2078. A double alphabetical symbol is assigned to each quarter for simplicity…”
The double symbols “CC” stands for the “Commercial Company.” Every “Commercial Company” employs each native, who is unlucky to own their own private business with lots of credits, without working a daily or nightly job. Quartet CC is also the location of the outlaw building.
The double symbols “KK” represents all “Criminal Criminals” including the current jail house structure for the caught and then caged criminals and other non-desirous people. Quarter KK also includes the sewer shit plant and the garage smelly shunt. Then each pod of body sewer and the stinky garage remnants is launched into the black, cold outer space environment while aiming the garbage at Planet Earth for meanness. However, the supersonic Neptunian winds lifts and carts all the shitty stuff to the other side of the world, tossing the shit piles deeply into the unknown pockets of outer space, until the bag of shit hits something as the first law of physics coming from earthling scientist Isaac Newton states: an object in motion stays in motion until shit happens.
The double symbols “RR” designates the “Rude Rich.” The rich natives are very few citizens, who love, lounge, and live inside a mega-structure mansion consisting of three to five stories on each pole house.
The 4th Quartet holds the double symbols “WW” denotes the “Working Workers.” These natives work for money which goes to the rude rich, like always, since the beginning of time within the Solar System.
The interior of the Great Dark Spot is composed of two physical natural components. A curved set of tall white colored walls of swirling non-moving winds rise up into the tropopause or three miles straight up into cold, black outer space. The Spot is filled with a large pool of fresh bluish clear water that is surrounded by the taller walls of non-moving winds. Thus, a beautiful stable phenomenon creates a vortex structure making the Great Dark Spot a hole in the middle of an electric blue colored methane cloud deck on Planet Neptune.
A set of deeply hidden underground rivers lie beneath the hydrogen ice sheets and methane rocks on Neptune that drifts out and feeds the fresh water pond inside the Great Dark Spot, where only a supernatural entity can explain this place to both the curious scientists and the current natives.
The pond water is sloshed again the tall walls within the non-moving hurricane, without fanfare and effect, where only the same supernatural entity can explain again.
The sea of fresh water provides clean, sweet tasting drinking water and tons of heated invisible steam plumes. Heat molecules rise. The heated steam plume rises then drifts up into a set of mechanic pipes inside every pole house keeping the natives warm and happy.
A house structure inside the Great Dark Spot is built on top of six skinny poles that holds the first foundation of concrete. If you reside inside Quarter RR, each house contains skinny poles going down to the bottom of the water for stability while showing off the empty underbelly of the first level. 
Thus, if your spying neighbor sees you dumping trash and then polluting a set of nasty shit down into the shared source of drinking water, then you will meet face-to-face with an Outlaw.
From outer space, the planet is covered in white clouds and crystals of methane ice. The red elements of the methane mineral give the world an azure blue colored appearance throughout the exterior surface of Neptune.
All hard cups, plates, and eating utensils are used, washed, and reused over and over again for each food meal, since not one single piece of an ancient pressed wood paper exists on top of a work desk or an eating table or inside the hand of a Neptunian. As a matter of fact, any and all paper products are illegal and banished inside the Great Dark Spot. Planet Earth had almost destroyed all its grove of nature trees making the cost of pressed wooden paper products a very expensive commodity throughout the galaxy. Thus, numerous planetary colonies refuse to purchase and then use any type of tree product, especially coming from sorry-ass Earth.
The Great Dark Spot is a deep hole on top of a cloudy surface holding a pond of fresh drinking water. Inside the light blue waters, numerous species of fresh water sea life forms, mostly schools of fish, nests of small turtles, pods of swimming snakes, and flocks of flying birds. The aquatic life had been imported from Planet Earth, in the year 2051, and then all of it died quietly every two years like clockwork coming from the underground recycling river water that fed the fresh water pond each day. The aquatic life forms are mostly food platters for the natives and entertainment for the younger children.
Within Quarter CC, three rows of science buildings are devoted to maintaining all the aquatic life inside the waters of the Great Dark Spot. Else, the colony will be forced to import its entire food stock. Currently tubs of imported grains, meats, fruits, and vegetables come from the planet of Uranus.
The greenhouses on Planet Uranus are created, designed, and raised for all food items for each sister planet throughout the Solar System, except for sorry-ass Earth. Planet Earth takes care of its own messy and food supply or the natives purchase tubs of imported shipments, like the rest of the colonies.
The Uranus scientists are some brilliant and crazy sons of bitches. They have perfected raising a cow without a skull but with four stubbed legs, which do not possess hair, four kneecaps, four hoofs, and a silly tail. No human alive eats the skull, the four legs, or the tail on a dead cow, so it is deemed as useless portions within the food supply lane. Some of the Uranus advertisement clips force the headless, legless dead cow to produce a moo sounding for shit and giggles. The same mentally demented team of Uranus scientists also have redesigned a dead chicken, without a skull head, the colorful body feathers, a tail, and two webbed feet that crows for fun too.
The Outlaw business building is located inside the northern quarter at the two intersection points of 3492, 3494, which almost resides, within the center of the pond radius. However, no building or machine ventures into the two interaction points of 3500, 3500, which is one hundred miles from any building, structure or pole home.
The center radius of the pond emits a set of invisible heat coming up from the water surface, through the Great Dark Spot for some unexplained reason. The heated steam rises all the way up and then into cold and black outer space, where it hits the space molecules, creating a huge cyclone of wind. The rotating invisible cyclone of twirling wind is called the vortex inside the Great Dark Spot.
On top of the calm Pond waters, Outlaw Leer finishes narrating the landscape and history of his home world into the earlobe on his buddy Tean and for his new friend Purry and then chuckles with glee. He spits out his tongue salvia onto Tean’s cheekbone. He stated, “Purry is present here in the Pond to help us capture Tarafiddle. Do you know about Tarafiddle, Tean?”
“What!”
“Well, don’t worry! I’ll educate you about the newest madman of the universe.” He laughed.


Quarter RR
Intersection points 3846, 0374
17:01:46 hours (late evening)


Tean continues to paddle in a southern direction coming from Quarter CC to Quarter RR viewing a long row of beautiful pole houses. Each luxury house presented the same construction format for easy of building with limited materials and resources here in the Great Dark Spot.
Each pole house is four stories high without a single glass window, only streams of calm wind breeze flowing through the house. Each level is surrounded by a nice concrete pier with a walled terrace. The first level holds an entertainment room plus an attached pier. The second level contains the work areas, such like, the kitchen and cleaning facilities. The third level exhibits an array of guest bedrooms. The fourth level is the residential bedrooms.
Tean skids his long, wide runner around the first pole of solid metal then parks underneath the belly of first foundation floor at this particular pole house, reaching out with his hand, hooking on the pole. His naked foot dips down into the warm water then splashes side to side steering the runner over the calm water, until the front tip on the runner latches then secures onto the nose latch. Each pole runs down hitting the floor of the sea as the structure of the house is built above the foundation poles.
Tean surveys numerous automated runners underneath the belly of the house then leaps off runner spinning around to his friend and his new guest, gasping in shock. He stares at Purry without sound, wearing numerous facial expressions, consisting of shock, confusion, puzzlement and awe.
Leer leaps off the runner then spins around with a smile extending his hand to Purry. Purry performs a controlled leap from the runner sinking the rear board down into the water again then lands beside Leer, surveying her new environment in silence.
Tean points with confusion, in silence, at Purry. Leer moves backwards with a smile and slams into Tean spinning both of them sounding with soft chuckles, shoving Tean ahead over the smooth walking ramp. They walk ahead towards the underbelly staircase.
Leer said with a smile, “This is my pole house, Purry. Come this way and follow behind me, Purry! Tean, stop pointing and mouth drooling! Why are we here at my pole house and not at the office? I mean, I wanna see my parents and let them know that I’m fine.” Purry pads alone. Tean spins around and walks backwards examining Purry with more confusion.
Leer stops then slowly climbs the metal staircase exiting beside the side wall on the first level. He is so happy to be home and see his partners appearing inside the common room.
His parents leap off the loveseat and dash ahead without stopping, colliding into their son. They both exhale with relieve.
Leer enjoys the hug and grins from their love. He said. “Mom! Dad! I came back home from my greatest and most dangerous space adventure.”
Purry appears next and stands beside the side wall. She pads ahead and surveys the new room.
Leer back pulls from the suffocating hug then spins around pointing to Purry. He said with a smile, “Mom, Dad, this is Purry. She and her body are a made of living colorful tiny rocks and hails from Planet Pluto. There’s so much to tattle and tell, Mom and Dad.”
Tean appears next in the common room and moves around the room spinning around, spying on Purry. He stumbles backwards then slams into the sofa and the legs on his fiancé Boodle. She giggles with love and shoves him from her eyesight, spying on Purry too. Tean scoots sideways then sits down hugging his girl.
Leer’s father smiles and wears a light blue colored outfit, consisting of a pair of walking shorts, a short-sleeved tee shirt, and a pair of naked feet. He stated, “Welcome to Neptune, the Great Dark Spot, and our pole house, Purry. I am called Jor, Leer’s dad.” Purry presents a rock-coated smile in dull-looking colored dots and nods in silence to Leer’s father. He spins around from his son then pads back to a yellow tinted cloth-covered loveseat.
Leer’s mother smiles and displays a short, pink-tinted, sleeveless dress and a pair of naked feet. She stated, “Welcome to my home world of Neptune and my home pole, Purry! I am called Marm. I am Leer’s mother,” She still holds her son’s arm then releases Leer slowly shuffling sideways away from Leer, slowly backstepping to her husband on the loveseat. She motioned with her hand and said with a fake smile, “Please come inside the common room setting, and sit down in an individual chair, Leer and Purry! We have much to discuss tonight.”
Jor smiles and sits on top of the cloth loveseat. Marm stops and points down to a second cloth loveseat for her son, slowly backstepping then slams into the soft cloth. She sits beside her legally married husband of 37 years.
Leer shuffles ahead and sits down, alone, in a second loveseat in lavender hue, smiling with a head nod to each familiar face within the common room.
Purry continues to stand against the side wall wearing a silly rock-coated, human-like smile while studious surveying the new group of humans living on Planet Neptune first as her learning task as a human-like female.
Each male native displays a clean-shaven face and a pair of walking shorts, a short-sleeved or sleeveless tee shirt, and a set of naked feet. Each male native possesses a cropped hairstyle of twinkling blonde or red tinted hair roots. Each female displays a cropped hairstyle of strawberry blonde tinted hair strands. Each native possesses a tone of pale tinted skin and a pair of light-colored eyes. The first settlers came from the country of Sweden, on Planet Earth, in the year 2051.
The square-shaped room is both wide and long presenting a long open window on each metal half-wall that did not contain a sheet of glass, only a stream of cooling cross wind breezes that actually slightly chilled the environment, if you were a human body. On the bottom portion of the wall, the top cabinet of solid metal was built a few inches below the open window pane without blowing the item off the countertop down onto the floor or across the room down into the pond water.
Below the countertop, a continuous set of open built-in metal shelves displayed a scattered assortment of particular items including framed family pictures, tiny glass figurines, delicate china bone teacups, and other precious items.
The tall ceiling stands 50 feet high above all the nicely positioned living room furniture pieces for a social fun people event. The furniture pieces are arranged in a loose circle consisting of solid pastel colors in coral, mint green, pale blue, dull yellow, dull pink, and solid white hue. The circle displays a long sofa in solid white hue with one human sitting beside a dull pink-colored loveseat that hold the dating pair of Outlaws Tean and Boodle.
Tean cuddles with his girl Boodle. She presents a coral colored outfit consisting of a pair of walking shorts, a sleeveless tee shirt, and a pair of naked feet. It is very rude for an invited guest to wear a pair of sandals inside the host’s pole house.
A second long sofa in dull yellow tones holds Eartha. She possesses a head of new long, glittering, black-tinted hair strands, a tone of pale colored skin, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a new glowing red-tinted upper lip sore right-size. She continues to softly sneer at Purry and occasionally licks her lip releasing the throbbing pain.
Leer continues to occupy the second loveseat and frowns at the low glass table located in the center of the circle. “Where’s the food trays? Is this a social party?”
Marm and Jor share a coral colored loveseat. Marm gasps in alarm and points to the side wall. She stated with a smile, “I made a tray of delicious refreshments. The trays are scattered around the room setting. Please, go and help yourselves to the food items.” Leer stands then moseys to one of the food trays, lifting the lid, eating the food with his bad manners.
Jor nods to his friends then reprimands his son. He said, “Leer, grab a plate of food and come back here, sitting down. We have much to discuss.” Leer returns back and sits down eating the food, nodding to all his co-workers.
Purry slowly scoots down the metal wall, folding down, surveying each tiny item with fascination, without touching the delicate item. She is made of strong hard rock and has not adjusted to the human world of fragile delicate human limbs and material items of steel, concrete, wood, and silk. Purry does not desire to upset the two hosts or damage any of their personal property.
Leer wiggles in the chair then spits out some of his chewed food particles. He asked, “What happened to the second windmill?”
Darsha faked a smile, “Leer, let’s talk about Taradiddle.”
Leer said, “Tarafiddle.” He laughs again spitting out more of his chewed food particles in the air and on the floor.
Darsha does not know all the details of the terrible events on Pluto. She uses the wrong word. She stated, “Tarafiddle left Pluto...”
“Wait!” Leer said with a frown. “How in the universe do you know about madman Tarafiddle and the burning world of Pluto?” Only me and …”
“…Eartha…”
“...is a spy…” he said turning and sneers at his wickedly deceptive Outlaw partner.
Darsha said with a frown to Leer. “No! She sent to me numerous long-distance messages and colorful image updates from Pluto’s orbit which took hours and hours to reach me here within the Great Dark Spot. So, I, along with the handful of people, inside this room know about Taradiddle and the destroyed planet of Pluto.” She nodded. “Now, where is Taradiddle located? What is his war plan? When will he go and attack the other planets?”
“He has attacked. He destroyed the windmill.”
She stated, “No! He did not destroy the second windmill that was another Leer during the call warning.” She softly chuckles with the others, except for an angry Leer and a nosy Purry. Purry continues to examine all of the delicate items, in silence, carefully scooting around each window pane.
Darsha stated. “Where is Taradiddle located at right now? What his is ultimate plan for our Solar System? Do you know, Leer?”
“Taradiddle, he’s flying to Planet Earth right now.” Eartha said with a stern face. “We need to go and form an army right now and go after Taradiddle. He plans to destroy the Solar System and establish his rulership on Planet Earth as his base world. And he can do it too. Look at Planet Pluto! It is no more and almost gone burning in the winds.”
Tean spoke for the first time, “Wait! That doesn’t make any common sense. Planet Earth is a helpless, animal jungle, without dishes and eating utensils.” He laughs with the others.
“How do you know that information, Eartha? He sipped passed Neptune without firing and then destroying our home world.” Boodle said with a frown to her Outlaw co-workers.
Leer stated, “We met the madman and witnessed the destruction of Pluto. That’s the man and his plan.” He blows more chewed food particles in the air then frowns at Eartha. “Wait, Eartha! I agree with her concept...”
“This is not a concept but a fact.” She said.
Leer stated, “Part of the story that Eartha did not relay by to tongue or electric wave is that Taradiddle does not possess any army of warriors, only a nest of space pirates. He destroyed the smart natives of Pluto. Who could have stopped him but one smart native? He left Pluto burning to go and find his sleepy army soldiers. Now, that feat will take time and give us time to find his butthole and then defeat him before he is able to raise an army.”
Darsha said. “That is a sound logically plan. Where is his army hiding? What planet? We can get him and them there.”
He laughs and spits out more chewed food particles. Leer stated, “I’m sorry to say that Eartha did not provide all the information. And I wonder about her honest intentions here.”
Eartha sneered, “I possess only honest integrity here. We must form our own army and quickly capture and defeat Taradiddle.”
Tean smiled. “I like that idea.”
“I don’t.” Jor frowned.
Darsha shake her short curls. She stated, “I, now, clearly understand that Taradiddle lacks an army. That would explain his lack of attacking either mill wind station without the Neptune outlaws getting his butt. So, I agree with Leer here. We have time to group for a future event...”
“...collision of pain and suffering...” Eartha growled.
“Eartha,” Marm said exhaling with annoyance that the young outlaw. “I feel bad about the deaths and burning Planet Pluto. However, we are not violent race of life forms. I agree with logic of Darsha and Leer. We have time and must find Taradiddle as he searches for his hidden army of rocks.” She slightly giggles at her funny words.
“How many soldiers stand within his army? Do we have a warm body count?” Boodle asked.
Leer laughs without spitting out chewed food particles. He stated, “Yes, we do. We have a cold non-body count,” he chuckled again. Eartha gasps in shock. He said. “Taradiddle created his army from Bad Ones.”
Boodles asked, “What is a Bad One?” She shakes her pixie curls and frowns with confusion.
Leer said, “Well, some information was left out here, on purpose or accidental. I do not know which. Anyways, Eartha and I were sent to Pluto finding a missing child. We found a madman medical physician instead. He transported sick and healthy earthlings from Earth to Pluto. Then he performed surgical experiments on each one morphing the human into an animal using the human body parts building a fake human. The fake human merged with the living rocks, which are really the natives of Pluto, the natives have good and bad life forms, like humans. However, a living rock is comprised of beautiful dots like out new ally Purry. When a mismatched coloration of dots, on each living rock life form, occurs the native becomes rude, mean, and evil. These are the living rock forms with human body parts that create his warrior model.”
“That’s incredible.” Jor exclaimed with worry nodding his bone skull, holding his wife’s hand.
Tean said with a frown. “Wait! Planet Earth is a sewer pit of sick mammals, including men, women, teens, children, and animals. This is why my ancestors left and this is why we live peaceful here in the Great Dark Spot for decades, without earthlings. Based on my quickie assessment, Taradiddle would have worked a life time to create a healthy army of rock warriors. I would believe a very small army of warriors.” He laughs with Boodle.
Leer said. “Tean is right. And Tarafiddle fiddled not with a medical surgical scalpel but a paint brush.” He laughs alone.
“What!” Darsha said.
“He didn’t use a paint brush but a sculptor’s scalpel, Water Boy.” Eartha laughed.
Marm frowned. “I am confused here. What are you referencing first and then tattling to us second?”
“He created his rock-human hybrid life form first and then sculpted it into an art form.” Leer chuckled with others.
“What!” Darsha gasped.
“Why would he do that?” Jor asked with puzzlement.
Leer nodded, “Taradiddle, he had to move his new hybrid creation off the planet, before the Good Ones found then destroyed all of them. So, he transported off planet one living rock and sold it to a buyer of credits that resided on a new planet. After selling all 49 art pieces, he had established a hidden army and purchased a nifty outer space warship from Planet Earth implementing his secret war with all humans throughout the Milky Way Galaxy. We are protected and safe right now until Taradiddle finds then touches awakening his creation while building his secret army of warriors, before attacking the entire universe.”
“That’s a spectacular fairy tale or demon tail, Leer.” Boodle smiled.
“You should hang up your paddle and write horror stories for a living, Leer.” Tean laughed.
Darsha nodded. “So, Leer is correct. He must find each art piece, but he knows the buyer that resides on the planet, so we have lots of time here.”
Eartha swiftly stands and waves both of her arms in the air, rocking her body back and forth, feeling both worry and fear. She yelled, “No! No! No! We don’t have time for anything but action. Taradiddle has somehow stolen a Moth outer space warship with numerous F-bombs from the non-guarded military base on Planet Earth. Now, he’s zooming and looming around our galaxy grabbing up each one of his ancient art pieces, while we sit here and debate.”
“Eartha, we are not debating here. We are discussing our options here.” Marm frowned.
Tean nods with a grin and rubs both of his hands together. He said, “I agree with Eartha. This conversation is boring. Tarafiddle is a madman in a stolen warship. So now, let’s discuss war tactics. How many warships does Tarafiddle own? How many soldiers does he employ that are not pieces of hard rocks?” He laughed with Leer and Boodle. “You briefly mentioned space pirates. We don’t have a problem with space pirates here inside the Great Dark Spot or outside without outer space near the two wind mills due to the natural outer space wind currents. Anyways, the space pirates like to trade goods for our dead, so we are like their friends. Do we have to know any of the space pirates? Do we know any names of the space pirates? Maybe, we could ask the known space pirates that we know and find the location of Tarafiddle.” He chuckles with Leer.
Darsha smiles and points to each one of her employed Outlaws. She stated, “First, Outlaw Tean has a big head for military warfare, which is not needed here.” She laughs with the others but Tean.
“What!” Tean gasped.
“Why not?” Leer frowned.
“We can’t sit here and doing nothing, Supervisor Darsha.” Boodle frowned.
Darsha shakes her cropped curls. She stated, “Based on all of the old and new information here, there is only one question left. How many art pieces did Taradiddle create then mail to a buyer throughout the Solar System?”
Eartha said with a frown. “I don’t know. We don’t know.”
“Purry! Did you hear that question?” Leer spins around and views the colorful back spine on dull-looking, hardened rocks on Purry. Eartha continues to spy on Purry while softly sneering at the different intraspecies, from a different planet, interfering within her private social human world on Neptune, maybe the entire Solar System.
Purry twirls around from the side wall and stares at Leer starting to shiver. Her dots start to twinkle in vivid colors. She stares at the window glass in silence.
“What in fire hell is she doing, Leer?” Tean tensed with confusion.
“What’s wrong with her, Leer?” Boodle gasped with puzzlement.
“What is she doing, Eartha?” Darsha shouted out loud with concern. Jor and Marm stare at Purry in silence. Leer stares at Purry, without concern, because he knows her Rock Girl act from her last lively and vivid performance on her native home planet of Pluto.
“She’s a rock. That’s a rock thing!” Eartha stated. She giggles then softly growls at Purry.
Purry stares waving both of her arms in the air, dropping down a set of colored dots. The dots do not land or hit or bounce on top of the floor but stack in a short column forming a tiny rock formation of a girl, like a taller Purry.
The natives gasp in shock staring at the tiny Rock Girl, standing beside Purry. Then the tiny Rock Girl turns and views the natives speaking in a very tiny voice. She said. “Taradiddle created 49 art pieces.”
Tean starts to laugh. He said. “Am I hearing you correctly, Rock Girl? Did you not say 50 pieces or 500 pieces or 5,000 pieces of artwork?” He laughs again. “You said 49 art pieces, which translates into 49 Rock Soldiers, who or they or that are going to take over my home world with their Madman Master Tarafiddle.” He laughs with the others then claps with a nod. “I’m convinced ya’ll. Tarafiddle is going to take over the world. I do believe that we have plenty of time to form our army, before Tarafiddle takes over the world.” He chuckles with the others.
Eartha said with a sneer to Purry. “Rock Girl, you didn’t clarify, to me, very well, during the burning down of Pluto, all the details about Taradiddle’s art collection. Right now, describe to us these 49 art pieces. Are the art pieces big or small or large or tiny, like your little rock girlfriend, beside your rock-coated hard leg?”
“That’s an irrelevant fact, here, at the moment, Eartha.” Darsha snarled at her rude employee.
Eartha shakes her long hair and sneers at Purry. She yelled, “No! This is a vitally important question that we all must understand regarding 49 art pieces. Wonder if, each art piece is 70 feet high and then morphs into a 70 foot taller and bigger rock soldier? I do believe that our newly-formed army might have a little problem defending our home world.”
Boodle nods with a stern face. She stated, “Well, I agree with my Outlaw co-worker Eartha. We need to know or learn about the 49 art pieces. What are they? Who are they? What can they do? What are their warrior strengths and weaknesses? It sounds like we’re launching into battle, and we don’t know our battle opponents. I wanna understand what an art piece looks like and how Taradiddle could have created a very special art piece. So, what do each one of the 49 art pieces look like?” Purry does not response but continues to stare at the tiny Rock Girl.
The tiny Rock Girl spoke with a tiny voice, again, to the Neptune natives. “Each art piece resembles the shared components coming from the River of Lava, which appears like Purry and me.” She scoots away from Purry then leaps up from the floor landing on top of the flat smooth glass cabinet, slowly strolling around the walls. She stops at each delicate item on top of the counter and takes a few seconds to examine the object. Then she starts to stroll ahead towards the next object. Eartha and her friends continue to stare at the tiny Rock Girl.
Purry, again, stares at her new creation, without narrating the action. The tiny Rock Girl stops, twirls around, and stands behind a particular object. The object forms a ball five inches in diameter measurements used for tossing to a child and does not glitter but displays multiple circular colors around the exterior sides, including red, pink, yellow, blue, and green hues. The ball is protected from touch of a fingertip by a square-shaped glass container. The girl points down to the object. She said. “This is one of the art pieces that was created and designed by medical physician Karnard Taradiddle and then mailed to the buyer here in this house.”
Leer yelled, “What!” He swiftly stands and spins around studying the ball. Tean and Boodle, both quickly stand at the same time gasping in shock. Eartha laughs out loud and continues to sit, leaning into the soft cushions, staring at the colorful art piece.
Darsha swiftly stands tossing both of her arms in the air. She yelled, “You’re wrong, rock person.”
The tiny Rock Girl continues to point down at the ball and looks up nodding with a smile to each Neptunian. She stated, “I am right.”
Jor and Marm, both slowly stand together, in silence, and study the tiny Rock Girl and then the ball.
Leer points at the ball and frowns at the Rock Girl. He said, “I have seen that ball, inside that glass container for years and years. Dad, where did that ball come from? When did you buy it? Where did you get it?” He does not view his father but continues to stare at the mysterious ball.
Marm slaps her chest and nods to the ball. She stated, “The ball belongs to me. I had received the ball as a gift, after getting my Fire Star trophy. Each Fire Star winner receives a massive group of gifts as a non-violent Outlaw. I took my time opening each wrapped gift and then I found the ball. The ball was wrapped in a pretty box. The ball has always been surrounded by that glass container. And my rough little boy never, ever accidentally or purposefully bothered or broke open that glass container getting the ball either. And I have had that object for decades and decades and decades. I know what everyone is thinking. Yes, Leer for years as a young toddler tried to grab the thing then break the items into millions of tiny fragments as a rough and rowdy boy. But he did not succeed.” She smiles at her ball.
“You are very lucky that he never accomplished that feat.” The tiny Rock Girl said to the Neptunians wearing a stern face of etched colorful dots.
Marm frowns with fury and flips both of her palms in the air, near her sneer. She yelled. “And why is that, Rock Girl? The glass container protects the ball. The ball is dull-looking and ordinary. Why would another person even bother or desire to purchase a useless enclosed ball for personal pleasure? The ball doesn’t give me pleasure but satisfaction. The ball enclosed in its glass cage is my earned reward, the Fire Star trophy.” She continues to smile at her ball. The others gasp in shock then turn to see each worried face. No other Neptunian Outlaw but Marm and her husband Jor has ever received the Fire Star trophy, thus no other Neptunian Outlaw needs the description of the physical object.
The Fire Star trophy does not twinkle or glitters from the bright rays of artificial sunlight, within the Pond. The trophy appears as a circular ball with multiple colors. Each color represents a tiny dot. The ball is housed inside a protective solid glass container that is not constructed to flip open with a lid and then retrieve the delicate ball item.
Purry studies the colorful ball pointing at the glass container, nodding her rock-coated human head. “That art piece was created by Dr. Taradiddle using all the rock components coming from a Bad One and the healthy components of an earthling, who came from Planet Earth, within the past 146 years, and who had successfully participated in his Zero Gravity human brain tumor operation surgery on top of the rooftop, at the tallest building on Planet Pluto. Thus, he has created, stored, and hidden each art piece throughout the Solar System for safety. Now, he is traveling the Solar System locating his art piece and awakening his new creations.” She moves ahead towards the ball and the tiny Rock Girl.
Tean waves both of his arms near his frown. He yelled, “Wait a minute! Wait a minute here! I can hear and I can see too.” He points at the ball. “That is a ball of colorful…”
“…dots…” Earth stated. She continues to sit and laughs out loud. The room of dumb Neptunians cannot comprehend a dangerous Taradiddle and his deadly rock art pieces but she completely understands.
Leer gasps in shock then spins around pointing to each parent. He yelled, “Mom! Mom! Mom, you got one Fire Star trophy. I remember seeing that thing, in that place, for years and years, itching to touch but did not avoiding parental punishment.” He laughed. “Dad, you received the Fire Star award twice. Where are your two Fire Star trophies located at?”
Eartha yelled, “Zing it!” She swiftly stands upright scanning the common room. “The two other balls are located here inside the house, near my precious body.” She does not like Purry but does believe all of Purry’s words and facts. She gasps in worry.
Jor shakes his bone skull. He stated, “Yes, I was lucky enough, years ago, to win the Fire Star award twice in my long healthy life. Then after Marm won her Fire Star award, we retired from the Outlaw Division raising our boy and enjoyed our rewards living here in the RR Quartet.” He said with a nod. “The Fire Star winner receives hundreds of gifts. I recall seeing the Fire Star trophy looking like that ball enclosed in a glass container,” he laughs. “I thought the same thing. It’s a ball in a glass cage. I didn’t want a glass cage around my tiny son, so I didn’t take the item. As the Fire Star winner of the season, I can choose to take and keep any of the wonderful prizes coming from the Outlaw Headquarters. I did not take either one of the two balls as I did not think it looked like a trophy but a ball.” He laughs with the others but Purry and the tiny Rock Girl.
Leer stated, “That’s a relief! That’s great! That’s fine!” He slaps his chest and calms his rapid heartbeat. He smiled. “So, there is not another one or two more balls living here inside our pole house, is that correct, Dad?”
“Yes, son!” Jor said with a smile and a head nod.
Purry stops behind the glass containment box and extends her rock-coated arm displaying one rock-coated finger pad. She ordered, “Get back into my body, little one! I must do, what I must do. I do not want you harmed or absorbed by the wicked and dangerous and deadly art piece creation from evil Bad One Taradiddle.”
The tiny Rock Girl said, “Shore! It’s hot in here anyways. I wanna get back home, where it’s cold and safe.” The Rock Girl does not spin around to see Purry but silently explodes into numerous colorful dots in the air. Each dot lands down and rolls over the even surface slamming into the rock leg on Purry. Purry absorbs each colorful dot as her rock body shimmers in an array of bright colors.
“How does she do that?” Team smiled at Purry.
“I don’t know, but it looks cool.” Boodle grinned at Purry too.
Eartha sits down and rolls her eyeballs looking down at the floor. She stated, “She’s a rock. She’s a dot. She can’t breathe or eat or sleep or read or write or sh…”
“Shut up, Eartha! Stop your nasty set of whines!” Leer said with a sneer to his co-worker watching Purry.
After the last colorful dot enters her body, Purry starts to grow taller than her current height of five feet and zero inches saying with a deep timber to her natural voice. She stated, “Please, every human, start to move away from the ball! Please, every human, start to move to the other side of the room! I do not know the impact particles or parts or pieces of the ball using my finger. I do not know how the art piece will react to my girly rocky touch.” She laughs.
Leer gasps in shock. He asked, “What are you going to do, Purry? I don’t understand.” He does not obey her commands or start to move away from his friends but frowns at Purry.
Eartha swiftly stands then shuffles first away from Purry, the ball, the Outlaws, wearing a smile, heading to the opposite side of the room. She whispered for her eardrums only, “Zing it! This is the end of Galaxy Girl. Then I’m the new girl in Leer’s life, foreverly.” She giggles with a girly smiled then slams her body into the wall corner, spinning around, staring at the ball then at Purry. The other Outlaw start to slowly back step away from a growing Purry and as each one become filled with fear and worry colliding into each other, covering Purry inside the same wall corner.
Leer still does not move but frowns with worry. He demanded, “Purry, explain your actions! We all wanna learn here. What are you planning to do?”
He waves one hand at his son, “Leer, come on and get over here, right now, with us, son! I don’t want you harmed by…” Jor ordered. He hugs his wife and yells at his son while experiencing both worry and fright. The other Neptunians huddle inside the far wall corner but clearly watch Purry and her unknown actions.
Purry reaches a height of eight feet, without touching the fifty-foot ceiling planks, staring down at the ball. She stated, “I, like my brothers and sisters of living rocks, have the ability to expand my dots either taller or tinier for my fun or fight or flight. I am taller now for killing off Taradiddle’s art piece creation, without harming other or myself either.” She softly giggles like a human girl.
In front of the loveseat, Leer tosses both of his arms in the air and sneers at Purry feeling confused with the silly situation. The object is a ball that kids use for fun. He turns and walks towards the huddle of frightened Outlaws who are crowded within the same wall corner and then laughs at the funny sight. He stops and laughs again at the funny sight then spins around standing guard as the bravest of the Outlaws, crossing his arms and studies Purry.
“It ain’t alive!” Tean yelled from within the huddle of Outlaws. He sneers with fear and cuddles with love his girl Boodle and Marm while seeing the ball in-between the head nods of the taller males.
Purry stated, “It is asleep. The art piece is dormant waiting for the rich floating air molecules. The art piece is comprised of living rock which does not need air or food and also is comprised of tiny or medium or large human body parts that does not air and food either. Thus, the art piece is frozen in both time and place, sleeping peacefully, until it is revived violently. Now, every human stay put and observe my movements. I will explain each step of my plan. I am slamming my fist down into the delicate glass container.” She folds her hand into a rock-coated fist then slams the top of the glass container. The container crushes with a set of tiny pings busting down into tiny fragment on top of the table and then the floor surface. She narrated, “The ball is now breathing or absorbing all of the warm air currents coming from the Great Dark Spot, the fresh water Pond, and the fresh air currents. The scientific concept of gravity affects each art piece too. I am not a she-ghost or a she-witch or a she-vampire.” She giggles. “Now, the ball is slightly shaking awake, slowly rocking back and forth over the even surface. It is alive and stirring. Now, I will reach out and touch grabbing the ball with my hand.”
She captures the ball without any danger holding in the palm of her hand. She narrated, “Now, I cannot bust the ball with my hand strong. So, I must drop the ball down on top of the floor. The acceleration speed and height of my hand will break the ball into pieces or dots. The ball is an art piece and is comprised of hard rocks and some delicate human body parts. The delicate human body parts are located inside the hard rocks. Thus, the ball will easily bust then break into fine dust particles. This is the only method of killing Taradiddle’s art piece creation.”
Tean laughed. “That sounds simply stupid to me!”
Purry drops the colorful ball down on the hard metal floor. The ball does not break but bounces off the floor, soaring a few feet in the air currents. Purry gasps in shock from the odd behavior of the art piece, which truly hides a Bad One, who wants to live and thrive as a life form. Then the ball lands back down on the floor due to concept of gravity staring to run away with its rock-coated life force over the flat even surface.
Tean becomes afraid of the new life form but feels bold enough to cheer on Purry. He shouted, “It’s alive! Alive! Alive! Kill it Purry! Go for the kill, Rock Girl!” He laughs and removes his hand clapping for Purry. The other Outlaws gasp in fear and then cuddle closer together for body protection from their fear and fright. Eartha slides sideways from the huddle of sweaty people then stands alone on the side wall clearly seeing Purry while giggling at the funny commotion of an alive ball.
Purry chases after the rolling ball in her tall rock-body shaking the metal floor, like a massive earthquake, then finally slams down one of her massive soles onto the bouncing ball. The ball explodes into a cloud of colorful dust contaminating the air currents and then drifts down onto the floor, exposing a mess of fine dust bunnies.
Boodle slightly bounces with delight and closely claps wearing a smile of relieve and happiness. She yelled, “It worked. It worked. Is that thing dead?”
“Yes, the art piece is terminated and killed and dead.” Purry lifts her arms into the mist of dust capturing the dust particles until the air is clean and clear and then she squats down extending both of her hands into the colorful dusty powder, absorbing all the dust bunnies. Her body starts to glow in colors and grow in height and weight from consuming the powdery Dead Ones.
“What is she doing now?” Jor frowned at Purry.
Purry said, “I am absorbing the rock particles.”
Leer screamed, “No!” He waves both of his arms in the air. “No! You’ll become an art piece too. You’ll become a Bad One.” Marm reaches over and hugs her son feeling worry while staring at Purry’s actions.
Eartha shouted, “No, she won’t! Get real and really smart, Water Boy!” She leans into the long table knocking down some of the items while sneering in great disappointment that Purry is not dead by the revealed Bad One.
“I am carefully monitoring my composite and distributing each colorful dot in the right place, at the right time, while preventing the act and action. I am fine, Outlaw Leer.” Purry finishes touching each dust particle cleaning the metal floor of the fine powder, slowly standing upright from the floor. She continues to shimmer in numerous colors throughout her body then starts to shrink her height back down into five feet and zero inches. She spins around and smiles with her rock-coated smirk to the group of scared Neptunians.
Leer breaks from the group and dashes ahead to Purry, without touching her body, surveying her rock frame. He asked, “Are you okay? What happened here?”
She said. “The art piece is part of me now. The art piece is gone now, and the composite is harmless to me and all the other humans here in this house.”
Tean yelled, “That’s great! One down and dead and 48 art pieces to go!” He shuffles ahead from the group of scared Outlaw sounding with deep laughter, clapping with a smile and then stops beside Leer. He studies Purry. “How…how did you do that, Purry Girl? Why didn’t the ball attack you, Purry Girl? Is there another method of destroying each art piece besides you and your personal rocky hand touch, Purry Girl?” He laughs alone.
“These are very good questions, Tean.” Jor stated. He slowly shuffles ahead to Purry hugging his wife then stops standing beside Tean, staring at Purry. Boodle and Darsha walk from the wall corner then stop standing beside Jor, hearing the new information too.
Purry said, “I have mentioned this before. I have personally observed Taradiddle and his dangerous work on the humans and then his deadly work on the art pieces.”
Eartha exhales with annoyance then shuffles from the side wall tossing both of her arms in the air then slaps both of her hands over her silly plutonian pajamas. She shouted. “Why didn’t you do something to Taradiddle and his dangerous art rock work, a long, long time ago? Then we all would not be in this mess.” She stops and stands beside Leer staring at Purry.
Leer turns and sneers at the nose profile on Eartha. He said, “Stop it, Eartha! Purry is a native of Pluto, not the leader of Pluto. Our ancestors had faced the same fate 149 years ago with bad air, radiation sickness, mutated plants, and deformed animals. They decided to flee away from Planet Earth and then found a new home throughout the empty planets within the universe. They survived, lived, and thrived here. Where is a living rock supposed to flee to, Earth?” He chuckles with silliness than restates. “Eartha!”
Marm said. “Leer has stated his legal, social, civil, criminal, and economic case. And he is correct. Purry is not a fault here. Now, we face Madman Taradiddle and his rock army of hidden art pieces.”
Purry said, “The ball did not attack any other life form, because the ball was still a newborn baby and breathing in the air molecules trying to grow taller and stronger. But I did not allow that act to happen in here. Breaking the ball into tiny fragment of dust particles is the true kill method. So, finding then busting each art piece is the new kill plan. This is the only way. I do know. Each art piece must be contained in a sealed-caged vacuum without touching any air molecules. That was the logical method for transporting a piece of rock to another planet. Once the glass compartment is broken, the art piece will absorb air molecules and start to grow taller and taller and stronger and stronger fighting against another strong or weak or tall or small human or beast or mammal or creature or…”
“We get the pic, Rock Girl!” Eartha said.
Darsha said, “How long will it take for the ball to reach my height or higher?”
She frowned, “Hmm! I do not know. If I had to guess, each art piece starts as a round ball. Some of the art pieces can grow quickly and become taller than me. If I had to guess, each art piece would take a couple of hours to reach a height taller than Tean, who is the tallest human here in this room. Maybe, we should have let the ball grow up…”
“No! No! No!” Marm shouted and shook her short curls. “You did the right thing. Kill it and be done with it! This is our new kill goal here. Now, we sent out a scout team into outer space environment and find the other 48 pieces of art forms and kill it dead.” She turned and nodded to her husband.
Eartha shouted, “Wait!” She spins around and points at Jor. “Jor, you won two Fire Star balls. You refused to bring the ugly things to your home and your son. So, what happened to the other two Fire Star balls? Are the two balls someplace else? We can go and get them destroying them. Then 46 are left to destroy.”
Jor gasps in worry then nods with a stern face. He narrated. “I did not want the Fire Star ball, after I won the award. I recall another human came to me and asked of the ball. So, I give it to him. I recall that happened with both of the balls. I didn’t want them, so I gave them away, freely.”
“Who? When? Where? How?” Eartha yelled with worry.
Tean spins around and stands in front of the line of Outlaws waving his hands. He smiled. “It does not matter now. That was years and years ago. However, if Taradiddle had provided the ball as the Fire Star trophy, then we know the answer.”
“What’s the answer, Tean?” Marm frowned.
He smiled. “First, it’s unique event for an Outlaw to receive more than one Fire Star trophy. So, each Fire Star winner receives a Fire Star trophy, the ball. The Fire Star winner takes…”
“…or gives the ball away…” Boodle said. “We have to consider that each Fire Star winner acted like Jor and didn’t want a glass container in their home, especially with a house filled with a child or children. Thus, we cannot assume each past Fire Star winner took home the ball.” She giggles with the others.
Tean said. “That’s logical! But we have a new wild and crazy massive lead in hunting down the other 48 art piece creations by an insane and crazy madman Taradiddle. The rest of the 48 art pieces are located on Jupiter, the home of the Outlaw Dance and Dinner event and the home of the Outlaw Headquarters. If a Fire Star winner does not want any of their earned prizes and offer them for free, then one of the Outlaw staff members will get the prize. We need to go and tell the Outlaw leaders about our new discovery. Thus, we got this covered. Let’s go and land on Jupiter finding the other 48 art pieces and then let Purry destroy them. We be done and then we be celebrating with a massive part-tee! Yeehaw!” He claps with victory.
Boodle bounces up and down clapping with delight. She yelled. “I have another great idea! If the Fire Star trophy ball is not located on Planet Jupiter, then it is located on one or maybe all of the rest of the planets, such like, Uranus, Saturn, Mars, Venus and Mercury. We found one here! Two are located on Planet Jupiter. The others are distributed to the other planets. The Outlaw Headquarters’ database will hold all the answers. We need to fly and visit the Outlaw Headquarters and find the rest of the art pieces. Then we can destroy them by the end of the day, right before suppertime. Yay!” She laughs with the others.
“Great new idea and plan, honey! We’ll be back here before breakfast,” Tean shouted. He reaches over and hugs his girl smashing her lips with his love, pulling back with a smile. He views the rest of the Outlaws. “What are we waiting for? Let’s go and startup this part-tee!” He laughs with the others.
Jor nods to his wife and then looks up to the ceiling. He asked, “Did you see and hear that?”
“What! What are talking about?” Leer asked. He turns and frowns at the nose profile on his father.
Tean frowns at Jor then looks up viewing the ceiling. He asked, “Who are talking too?”
Boodle gasped in shock. “Who is hearing our conversation here inside this common room?”
Eartha scans the room then looks up at each ceiling corner, barely spotting a dark hole that contains a hidden listening microphone and a matching viewing monitor devise to view the interior walls and the people. She sneers at the dark hole. She stated, “We’re being spied upon. Who are you conversing with, Jor?”
Marm spins away from her husband and stands in front of her guests nodding to each back spine. She stated, “Of course, you are monitored here. Leer brings home an alien…”
“What!” Leer yelled. He spins around and sneers at his mother, “She’s not an alien, Mother. She lives and comes from Planet Pluto, which is part of our shared Solar System. We don’t own the Solar System. We all live here in peace and harmony…”
“…until Tarafiddle shows up and creates chaos and fear here within the Solar System,” Darsha spins around and points to each one of her outlaws. She ordered, “Let’s move out, Outlaws! The Solar System is waiting on us and we have an appointment to keep with Taradiddle. Leer, you fly with Purry. Tean and Boodle fly together. Eartha comes with me.”
Boodle stands beside Tean and stares back at Darsha, “Where are we going?” Tean has an inkling gently shoving his girl ahead, leading the Outlaws.
Darsha spins around and shuffles ahead to the side wall, seeing the open archway, viewing the stairs down to the runner pad. “We’re going to meet the spies. They’re all gathering on Saturn. Return back to your speed runner then glide towards the ship docks. We possess three Beetles in flying shape that were not damaged during our slight war collision with the second windmill, without killing Taradiddle. I have teeth in this fight too.” She disappears down the steps, onto the watery dock, and then loads on top of her runner. Tean, Boodle, Eartha, and Purry leave the common room then marches down the steps also.
Inside the common room setting, Leer stands in place and gasps in shock watching his friends disappear from his house, exhaling with a puff of deep worry. He does not want to go to war with Taradiddle. He agrees with a war fight to save his Solar System, but he’s currently standing in his living room floor at his home, after a terrible Outlaw adventure on Planet Pluto, which has ended in the destruction of the world, the deaths of the natives, and the escape of a madman. He, too, is worried about the secret spies and the impromptu presentation here inside his home also.
At this secret meeting on Planet Saturn, one higher authority figure will blame Leer for an escaping madman that leaves behind a burnt and burning Pluto that once resided within a peaceful Solar System.
Leer was sent to Pluto not to find a madman but a missing kid. However, Eartha figured out the deep dark secret, before Leer could solve the human mystery.
So, Leer, during the impromptu meeting with the Outlaw leaders, will point out that Eartha is a true earthling. She should have recognized those nasty earthling traits, not an innocent Neptunian.
Anyways, Taradiddle first must locate 48 other art pieces which are spread over the Solar System, consisting of gazillions of outer space miles with little gravity and no air molecules. It will take Taradiddle years or decades or centuries to locate his hidden army of tiny rock soldiers.
Jor moves ahead, stops, then slaps the collar bone on Leer. Leer jumps from fright then spins around gasping for breaths of air molecules. Jor smiled. “Son, I can’t believe this. We’re sending you away for the war battle.”
Leer gasped in worry, “But…”
“Yes, your mom and I really want to go to war too, but we are not young outlaws, like you, anymore.”
“But…”
“We wish you luck in finding Taradiddle and kicking his butt,” Jor winked.
Marm leans over and hugs her son pulling back with a smile. She stated, “We’re so proud of you, Leer. Maybe, if you do well enough, then you will be presented with your own Fire Star trophy for your heroic efforts, in the shape of a ball either.” She laughs and back steps from her son joining her husband. Her and her husband hug each other and nod in silence with a smile to their only son Leer.
Leer exhales with worry. The Fire Star trophy is an easier and faster feat with a simple motto: Do not kill any life force and win a lifetime of nifty prizes, without working another job again.
The new situation is a real war with an array of real bullets and a really bad enemy, who is gathering his army of rock soldiers, not blood and flesh. Leer does desire war or leaving his nice world of water, exhaling with concern, not moving.
Jor moves ahead then gently slams his hand into Leer’s chest, nodding with a smile. He said, “Don’t fret, son! This war will last a couple of weeks, if Taradiddle can’t find his rock army. But the scout ship finds Taradiddle first. Go on, son! Darsha and the other outlaws are waiting for you at the ship docks. I love you, Leer. Good luck but not good bye, son!” He continues to nod with a smile to Leer.
Leer gasped in shock, “Do you know what happened to the…?”
Jor said with a stern face, “Yes, we do.”
Leer stated with a stern face, “You and Mom cannot leave the Pond. It’s a very difficult flight getting down into the Vortex passage, after coming back home from a leisurely outer space trip.”
She nodded with a stern face, “Yes, we know.”
Leer frowned. “Are some of the Jupiter engineers coming here to repair…?”
“No.” Jor shook his bald skull.
Marm stated, “Good luck, Leer! We…we’re counting on you to success here.” She leans over and lightly plants her dry motherly kiss on her son’s cheekbone, pulling back with a fake smile of worry and concern for his son and her life force too.
“Right toe! Thanks, Mom and Dad! Bye, Mom and Dad! I love you, too, Mom and Dad.” Leer slowly back steps and wears a fake smile while feeling a heavy heart, possessing a worried mind. Then his back spine slams into the side wall and as he grins with embarrassment. He scoots sideways then tumbles down the first step, catching his balance, without cracking his bone skull. He spins around and slowly marches each metal step creating a soft musical bong note from his boot soles into the humid air currents, seeing a parked runner as he drowns within his mental thoughts.
He was born in the Pond learning to paddle a runner at the age of three years old. He loved the warm Pond waters paddling around the calm liquid for hours lost in pleasurable thought as a teenager. Now, he is an adult with an adult mission, not an adult job.
The other runners and outlaws including Purry are gone from his house and are cleared from the local waters.

Forty-five minutes later, at 17:47:31, Leer carefully loads on an upright standing pose on top of the runner base then presses the button slowly back pedaling from his home feeling more doom, not gloom. The runner stalls and stops while slightly drowning in the fresh deep Pond waters.
He gasps in shock and surveys the runner, the water, then the pole. The safety hook mechanism is still attached to the locking latch. He reaches out and unhooks the latch dropping the rope down on top of the metal platform, without tilting the transport or falling his person into the warm waters while pondering his new adult mission. He automatically grabs the paddle backing the runner from the docking station, spinning around and slowly paddles ahead towards the center of the Pond, where his awaiting outer spaceship is located. But he nervously leaves the comfort of his old home and warmth of his parents for his new adult mission.
Leer exhales with annoyance at his stupid mistake. He whispered, “Get your mind together! You have no choice here. My parents are proud of me and want me to come home a galactic war hero. The rest of the Neptune Outlaws did not want the task or the duty or the job.”
Leer isn’t worried about leaving his home world then arriving late to the impromptu important Outlaw business meeting on Planet Saturn. His deceptively bossy Outlaw supervisor Darsha working with his deceptively bossy Outlaw partner Eartha, will arrive there first and start the meeting.
He surveys the calm water that does not hold a single runner. Every native is at home feeling something, maybe scared, afraid, and frightened.
Leer is not afraid but mad at Taradiddle. The Bad One is a free alien monster coming from the boundary limits of Planet Pluto, who is ransacking and raping the Solar System. However, Leer and all the other outlaws are the protectors of the universe. Thus, Leer and the outlaws will ride out the outer space waves and then locate Taradiddle and his new ship, attacking the ship, killing the crew of vicious space pirates, who are the true space criminals here. Then, once again peace will rule and roam throughout the Solar System.
He is not worried about arriving late to the Beetle ship either for his new Outlaw mission. Taradiddle has planned, for centuries, an invasion and a conquering of the Solar System with 49 rock soldiers.
First, Taradiddle must acquire all the 49 rock soldiers minus one now. His mom has been housing a sleeping rock solider on top of the glass chest, within the common room of her house for 30 years, unperturbed. Then Purry comes along and perturbs the ball into an alive and breathing rock soldier and finally destroys the rock life force, within seconds. This War of the Worlds will end very quickly and quietly, without alerting or alarming the rest of the Solar System natives.
Leer gasps in shock. The Outlaw leaders are really smart diplomates, spies, and protectors. They do not want to perturb the other Solar System natives releasing the secret knowledge of a dangerous and deadly Commander Taradiddle and his lost 48 rock soldiers. Purry is the secret weapon…native within the Solar System, with her unique Plutonian ways, like a superhero. She will quickly and quietly terminate each sleeping rock soldier within seconds, not seasons.
Leer laughs at his mental thoughts and then gasps in alarm.
Taradiddle destroyed the Neptune windmill, when he couldn’t figure out how to get down into the Great Dark Spot invading the Pond waters and peoples in his stolen warship first. Then he decided to damage the windmill using his F-bombs and his revengeful anger over a piece of hard rock with multi-colored dots.
Leer is relieved. His dead ancestors were smarter than Old Man earthling Taradiddle and created a safe haven for their future kinfolks. No super human or super alien or super monster can harm the Pond waters or peoples ever.
Well, Leer will accept his new Outlaw mission and seek out Taradiddle last, after spending the next several months finally finding and destroying 48 rocks. So, again, he does not mind slowly padding towards the awaiting Beetle starship. The war, the warmonger, and the warriors can wait a few more minutes as Leer spins around back paddling and wears a smile viewing a short row of pole houses, within Quartet RR. There is not sunrise or sunset in the Pond, only a blue sky of breathable air for the natives and matching blue tinted waters for the runners. He gently steers backwards and softly laughs at the silly non-war event, before starting his new Outlaw mission.

Twenty-seven minutes later, 18:14:55 hours/minutes/seconds within the nighttime period, Leer continues to paddle backwards slamming into the stationary large, cold object with the front grid on his personal runner, spinning around with laughter. He views two other Outlaws. They stand inside an open archway, on the floor of a floating Beetle ship. Each one leans over the floor edge grabbing the edge of the runner, like a pair of servants to King Leer. Darsha is the temporary queen of the Outlaw mission and has her other Outlaw employees serving as peasants today, not tomorrow.
The Outlaw mission will terminate without finding a single piece of hard rock within a few days, once the Outlaw leaders understand the difficult of the new Outlaw mission. Then Outlaws Darsha, Leer, Eartha, Tean, and Boodle will return home to the Pond enjoying their normal time activities once again.
Purry has no home world now due to the destruction natural from a bombardment of man-made F-bombs from a vicious warship. But she can live here in the Pond with the other Neptunians. Darsha will provide a pole house for Purry to live here.
Leer smiles and leaps up from the runner base, landing on top of the floor inside the ship silently nodding to the two peasants. Each Outlaw knows the secret plan and the secret danger without accidentally communicating the information to the Neptunians. Each Outlaw gently jumps down from the floor landing on top of the solo runner paddling the transport back to the Outlaw Building then waiting for further instructions from Outlaw Supervisor Darsha.
Leer stands inside the open archway and waits the solo runner ensuring the safety of the two Outlaws away from the ship. He reaches over and slams the button. The side door closes shut. He spins around seeing an empty cargo hole. Purry is in the co-pilot chair. He can hear her rustling with the seat, touching the different buttons that make a soft beeping noise.
He spins around and drops down on his kneecaps and palms slowly crawling ahead, wearing a smile entering the tunnel hole. He arrives at the pilot’s chair settling into the seat, double checking the gears. He asked to Purry. “Purry, can you hear me?”
“Yes.” She answered back.
“Are you okay over yonder?”
“Yes.”
He chuckled, “Right toe! Please place the webbing sack over your rocky body.” He giggles with the silly statement, like a silly girl. “This space trip is a body-jerking and neck-whipping event on your dots.” He laughs with amusement.
“I am locking the webbing sack over my dots, Leer.”
He chuckled. “You, me and the ship are getting ready to launch inside the vortex hole. Do you need anything over yonder?”
“No, Leer. I am ready for our new Outlaw trip.”
He smiled. “Right toe! Here, we go!” He places then chews a new piece of chewing gum anticipating the dizzy sensation within his head and body during the vertical spin inside the vortex. He releases the parking lever. The ship swiftly sails towards the vortex opening within the Pond waters and then quickly enters the hole, twirling around within the swirling invisible heated air currents. The vortex force does not like foreign objects within her mouth and then quickly spits out the nasty man-made object from her inner guts like vomiting up bad onion rings into the outer space waves.
Leer quickly grabs the gliding stick and then ignites the flame-burn engines. The ship first glows in heated light and then roars into full starship power. He steers ahead slowly turning due south to face a dot that represents Planet Saturn, pressing the trigger control, burning the flame-burn engines. The ship shoots through the dark, cold outer space waves at 150,000,000 miles-per-hour while presenting a pretty set of glowing colorful pipes throughout the metal frame of the Beetle starship. He commanded. “Palm Girl!”
A female hologram appears on the console then says. “Do you have a request, Pilot Leer?”
“Yes, I do. Please relay all the information about Planet Saturn to my new friend Purry.”
“Yes, Pilot Leer,” she clears her throat like a true human and then smiles showing her hologram body on each console. “Planet Saturn lies 886,700,000 miles from the fixed Solar Sun position. Planet Neptune lies 2,794,300,000 miles from the fixed Solar Sun position. The difference is 1,097,600,000 space miles at 150,000,000 miles-per-hour taking 12 minutes, 07 seconds, and 17 milliseconds.
“Saturn is the sixth planet within the Solar System and lies at a distance of 932,346,917 miles from the fixed Solar Sun position. A light beam takes 83.417008 minutes to reach the gigantic planet coming from the fixed Solar Sun position. The second largest gas giant is nine times greater than Planet Earth and possesses one-eighth the average density of Planet Earth. The radius measures at 36,184 miles.
“The rotational whirl speeds at 06.01 miles-per-second of Saturn’s magnetic field takes 10,759 Earth days to orbit the Solar Sun. The planet turns on its axis producing one day and night every 10 hours, 32 minutes, and 35 seconds giving the second shortest day among the solar system planets.”

18:25:09 hours/minutes/seconds (late night of Neptune time within 20 rotational hours)
04:12:28 hours/minutes/seconds (early morning of Saturn time within 10 rotational hours)


Within the cold, black outer space, Leer slows the flame-burn speed on the Beetle viewing Saturn.
The world is painted in glowing yellows and greens with an overall hue of chartreuse. The North Pole is colored in dark purple below a formation of black tinted clouds of storms, where a raging hurricane twirls but does not move. The South Pole glows in red hue, where a hurricane swirls but does not move also. The entire planet is covered in orange and yellow clouds of hydrogen and helium elements that will kill a human body withing 0.0003 seconds.
Coming down from a northern direction, on the left-side of Saturn, moons light green tinted Lapidus, golden colored Minas, wine-colored Dione, magenta colored Tethys, apricot-tinted Rhea, and peach-tinted Hyperion.
Directly below the world of Saturn by millions of miles, of course, Moon Enceladus lovely stands in lavender hue.
Lying on the right-side of Saturn, Moons citrine tinted Titan and orange-reddish tinted Phoebe.
A total of 150 moons and moonlets surround Planet Saturn. But the speed of flight and the human eyeballs only pick up the closest objects and the brightest items within the crowded outer space environment.
Saturn rotates every 10 hours, when it is compared to a standard Earth day. Neptune rotates every 20 hours. Saturn is always on the wrong side of the time clock from Neptune.
Purry gasps in shock at the planet leaning into the glass windshield inside the co-pilot chair. She smiled, “O! The world of Saturn is beautiful and holds a set of bright, colorful, circular rings around its middle. It’s really close!”
“Let’s get closer!” Leer smiled.
Note: The smartass hologram programmer has coded the hologram image to response to key words.
Palm Girl states, “Warning: you are approaching the Rings of Saturn.”
A sheet of colorful white and yellow tinted particles slams into the Beetle as Leer quickly glides through a thin layer of colored mist. The windshield glitters in pinks, blues, greens, and yellows hues of color.
Purry gasped. “Where are the rings? At first, the rings were there. Now, the rings are gone.”
Leer laughed. “The rings are still there. Tiny ice particles melt very fast then drift upwards toward the northern pole region hiding all the rings for a few seconds.”
Note: The smartass hologram programmer has coded the hologram image to response to key words.
Palm Girl states, “Saturn is 4,500,000,000 years old. The planet is the same age as all the other stationary inner and outer planets within our Solar System. Thus, Planet Saturn was born without its famous melting rings.
“The ring system was birthed 100 million years ago, when smashed moons and shredded comet parts collided into Planet Saturn and then ricocheted from the world and then the particles were catch in the gravitation pull creating each ring.
“The rings are comprised of chunks of ice and tiny amounts of carbonaceous dust. Each ring extends 75,016 miles from the gassy planetary surface and are 65 feet and six inches thick.
The Saturnian rings are made mostly of chunks of ice and small amounts of carbonaceous dust. Thus, the ring components are mostly water ice. A starship can land on one of Saturn’s rings providing there is a visual and physical solid surface of ice and rock for the specific weight of the fling spacecraft.
“The equator receives 99,200 pounds or the equivalent of 35 Earth automobiles or seven (7) Earth African male bull elephants or five (5) Earth trains falling every minute of time.
“Tiny particles of ammonia, nitrogen, methane in the format of ice, dust, and gas fall down from Saturn’s atmosphere and the innermost ring system down into the planet surface and the outer space waves, which is called Ring Rain.
“Hurricane storms swirl and surround a hollow vortex hole located on both the north and south poles of Planet Saturn. On the south polar region, the vortex eye measures 1,200 miles in diameter. The vortex eye is enclosed with top layers of ammonia ice particles and deeper clouds of water ice swirling counterclockwise at 220 miles-per-hour and towers 40 miles away from the eye hole. The lower layer of clouds contains both cold hydrogen and sulfur ice mixtures.
The southern pole vortex eye leads down into a hole that does not contain water.”
Inside the pilot’s cockpit, of the flying Beetle starship, Leer veers the flat grid nose downwards to the southern pole and then slowly releases the lever killing the flame-burn engines. The ship quietly and quickly drops from outer space waves.
She yelled, “Wait!” Purry gasps in alarm and views the terrible purple colored hurricane storm at the southern pole. “We are heading towards the south pole.”
He laughed, “Yes, we are.”
“We are heading into the southern hurricane weather pattern located on the south pole.”
He chuckled. “Yes, we are.”
Palm Girl states, “There is a similar hurricane weather pattern located at the north pole too.”
“Shut up, computer!” Purry stated. She does not want to learn any additional information about the large, scary planet. “If the vortex hole does not contain water, then what’s inside it, Leer?”
He laughed steering the silent ship. “We’re coming in cold. Hang on! The vortex hole down under the south pole gets a little rough.”
She exhales like a human girl. Purry stated, “I am finding space flight feels a little rough too.”
He sneers with annoyance at her insult of his space piloting skills. He yelled, “Wrong toe!” Leer flies the ship through the mist field of Ring Rain then hits a sheet of hard raindrops. The loud sound echoes off the metal panels.
The ship halts in sheets of rain within the outer space environment as the intelligent and curious life forms look up viewing the colorful purple, green, yellow and pink tinted monstrous hurricane clouds, seeing the beautiful yellow tinted lightning bolts, hearing the raindrops.
She frowns and sees numerous falling blue tinted objects hitting the glass windshield and metal panels on the Beetle starship feeling unsafe. She asked, “What’s that sound?”
He laughed. “What’s that mineral?”
Palm Girl activates on each console and states with a bright smile, “Within the hurricane weather pattern, here at the south pole, each lightning storm with an array of fast-moving bolts transforms all the individual falling methane minerals into a soot element which quickly hardens into a small chunk of graphite and finally an individual diamond drops down through outer space waves. Each diamond drop rains down from the hurricane storm falling through space and time landing on top of any man-made object.”
He told, “Over two hundred Earth years ago, the mineral diamonds were collected with greed, revenge, and murder,” Leer laughs with his terrible thoughts. The upward gravity pull from the vortex hole reaches out then grabs the man-made ship slowly gliding upwards into the hole. Leer holds the ship in the middle of the air currents without slamming into the hardened wall of solid rock. The ship shuffles away from the falling diamond raindrops, flying upwards like magic through a tall, vertical, hollow tunnel of solid rock in shiny blue hue. The tunnel is quiet and soft without water moisture or flying creatures. The natural embedded minerals within the underground walls of the sculpted cavern glows brightly providing abundance light without the rays from the fixed Solar Sun on the other side of the Solar System. They view sculpted caverns with a flat base for parking a starship.
Palm Girl appears on top of the console panels glowing in yellow hue, without verbal words, taking control of the man-made ship through the Saturn’s main computer system. She glides the ship passing empty caverns reaching one filled with numerous starships and then halts in the air waves. She carefully steers sideways then enters the new cavern docking lot parking the dead ship beside two other similar starships. Then she disappears in silent.
Leer fiddles with the gears and automatic controls maintaining a gravity environment inside the ship opening the cargo bay doors. He and Purry move around and then exit the Beetle starship.  The cargo doors slowly close shut after the heated life forms leave the ship for both safety and protection from an invader. Space pirates are talented with fooling the smart computers on Saturn and then enter the cavern parking decks, stealing one or two starships.
Leer and Purry slowly stroll together moving away from the parking slots, entering a new long tunnel, without peoples or pets or plants.
Inside the rock-coated cave, Leer finds the new visitor environment both enclosed and claustrophobic sniffing the re-circulated air molecules. He was birthed on the open waters, not inside an enclosed bat cave. He played on the paddle runners on top of the open sky and the calm waves while breathing fresh air molecules.
Leer does not entertain Purry with new information on Saturn or the upcoming mission meeting.
Somewhere within the scrubbed and sculpted rough cave walls, a hidden speaker softly narrates the story of Saturn in a smooth female voice, “Planet Saturn is not made of solid matter like the other solar system planets but is a gas world. The world is comprised of 94 percent hydrogen, six percent helium, and smaller amounts of methane and ammonia gases. The interior living quarters and work rooms are designed as a string of open natural caverns running 7,915 miles, which is closest to the diameter size of Planet Earth, the interior caverns comprise hard molten elements of dried hydrogen molecules creating a hard-rock interior core. Planet Saturn is a flattened ball. Its polar diameter is 90 percent of its equator due to the low density and fast rotation of its axis.”
The rock cavern is comprised of shiny pale blue particles of hard hydrogen minerals covering tall solid smooth sheets of natural, forming helium mineral raindrops, Leer pads beside Purry while silently surveying the weird, new atmosphere, seeing a new open archway on the long, never-ending, smooth side wall of more blue hue of solid rock.
The computer states, “Saturn is a gas giant composed of hydrogen and helium which are two gases. The planet lacks a ground surface for walking but contains a solid core of metal materials. The rotation cycle creates an oblate sphere which is flattened at each pole region and bulges out like a fat man at its equator region. The interior core walls are heated at 21,092 degrees Fahrenheit creating a rocky core environment of both hydrogen and helium gases also. The thermal energy process generates heated gaseous hydrogen…”
Leer enters the room and then stops without hearing the voice from the cavern computer.


18:37:48 hours/minutes/seconds (late night of Neptune time, within 20 rotational hours)
04:24:33 hours/minutes/seconds (early morning of Saturn time, within 10 rotational hours)


The new room holds six individual hard, rock-coated chairs scattered in six weird spots around an extremely large, cold, empty conference room. The room does not present peoples or pictures or pots of plants either.
Leer pads a few feet into the room then halts staring at the weird design. He asked, “What’s this place? Where’s the rest of people? Is this the wrong meeting room? Are we in the right place?” He laughs with amusement. Purry slowly grows taller than Leer while feeling worry within her human genes and also studies the new environment while experiencing with a new human emotion of intrigue too.
In the middle of the room, Eartha and Darsha reside in an individual chair ten feet apart, without other chairs or side tables. On the side wall, several feet from the rock wall, Tean and Boodle sit in an individual chair, ten feet apart, also. Eartha has changed her ugly plutonian outfit from the coral-tinted pajamas into a short dress in yellow hue wearing a pair of bare feet.
Tean stands up on top of the chair seat and dances around for fun, yelling out loud to his friend Leer. He stated, “My chair is bolted down onto, into, and down on top of the hard rock surface. You can’t move or wiggle it around this weird-ass room, buddy!”
Darsha cannot see Tean only hear his loud obnoxious voice. She shouted back with annoyance at her employee, “Sit down Tean! Come inside Leer and Purry! There happens to be present two additional bolted chairs for your individual butthole. Sit down and be quiet, everyone! We are all located inside the room. We are waiting on the meeting to start.” Leer and Purry select an individual chair, sitting down, surveying the new room setting in silence.
A bright beam in pale green hue emerges upwards from the rock floor and then morphs into a sitting chair, shivering with a folded outline of a sitting human life form that glitters in the same hue. The sitting human body reveals a shimmering face with a shadow pattern displaying a pair of eye sockets, a small hole for the nose placement, and an open semi-curved mouth. The hologram does not exhibit a head of hair strands or an outfit of clothes but a folded set of outlined arms and legs. Planet Uranus is colored in bluish-green hue by the naked human eyeball and the computer chip on the image screen due to the methane minerals hanging within its hydrogen-helium atmosphere. The world is an ice giant with a fluid mixture of water, methane, and ammonia ice particles.
An individual colorful bright beam emerges upwards coming from the rock floor, forming an individual chair with an individual sitting human hologram for the upcoming meeting representing the Outlaw leader from each Solar System planet.
Planet Venus appears in two hues of white and yellow with a reddish brown surface. An individual glittering yellow tinted beam shoots up from the floor forming the Outlaw leader from Venus.
Planet Jupiter possesses element and minerals creating shades of white, orange, brown and red hues. A red tinted beam leaps up from the rock floor then slowly forms a sitting chair holding the Outlaw representative. He hologram presents a tall, muscular outline of a male.
Planet Mercury possesses a dark gray tinted, rocky surface covered in a thick layer of rock and dust particles. The surface is not inhabited by man or machine or mammal as it lacks an atmosphere and expresses unpleasant air temperatures ranging from 212 to 1,292 degrees Fahrenheit. A pink-tinted beam appears from the hard natural rock floor hitting the ceiling without damaging the rocks, creating the Outlaw representative in hologram format for the meeting. The hologram beam hue is based on the person’s choice, not the planet’s primary hue.
Planet Mars appears in red hue from a far distance because of the rusty dusty particles suspended in the atmosphere. Standing on the soil, in a space suit, the ground is colored in butterscotch hue that gleams in the color speckles of gold, brown, tan, and green, depending on the mineral content. A butterscotch-tinted beam enters the room from the floor and forms the Outlaw representative on top of the floor in hologram format.
The last bright beam coming up from the hard floor glitters in pale blue hue. The beam morphs first into a chair and presents a sitting body of a slender, tall female frame possessing a twinkling face of dots, represented by two eye sockets, a nose bridge, and a pair of moving mouth lips. Both the hologram chair and the hologram person slowly twirl around the physical meeting room on Planet Saturn coming from inside her private business office, at her home environment on the same planet. Her two hologram eyeball scans each invited hologram and physical human guest into the meeting room. She stated, “I think we are all here and present. Welcome to Saturn! I am a Saturnian. This my home and my work place for me and my family unit. And I am the hostess for this impromptu, important Outlaw Headquarters meeting. I guess. We are here to discuss…”
“…demand the creation of a war army that will take on and take out an evil Taradiddle.” Eartha stated. She wiggles on top of the hard rock-coated seat inside a bolted physical sitting chair and shouts out loud waving both of her naked arms in the air. She feels both worry and anxiety about Taradiddle and this impromptu, important Outlaw meeting also.
The pink beam houses an image of a hologram short male human, who currents lives and works from his home environment on Planet Mars. His twinkling body and twinkling face slowly swirl around the room, inside his holographic lounge chair. He stated with a smile, “I believe there should be introductions here, before we start shouting at each other.” He chuckles with some of the other Solar System representatives. He stated. “I am the Mars Outlaw…”
“We don’t have time to plan a party here. We need to organize an army,” Eartha shouted out loud. She continues to sit and views a few of the rotating and twirling Outlaws from the other Solar System planets.
 “Let me ask the questions here first!” The yellow tinted beam twirls around and contains a shorter hologram female from Planet Venus, possessing an outline of cropped glowing hair and a twinkling face. “Let me first state that we all viewed the exercise on Planet Neptune at the home of the former Outlaw pair and past Fire Star winners Jor and Marm.”
Leer continues to sit and rubs the back of his neck feeling both embarrassment and disappointment. Both parents had been earned the Fire Star trophy, without killing a single human, during their active Outlaw duties, many solar flares ago. If Leer had been awarded the Fire Star trophy, last week, then he would be sitting on top of his soft sofa, inside his little pole house, watching the numerous entertainment programs, laughing with amusement, not sitting here hearing a debate of life and death within the Solar System.
He drops his hand turning to see the nose profile on Purry. She continues to sit in the hard chair and scans the room of hologram representatives wearing a rock-coated smile of amusement, without bothering to address the worried citizens of the Solar System.
The red tinted beams hold a tall, muscular holographic male from Planet Jupiter continued. He stated, “My question goes to Miss Plutonian Purry. Are there only 48 art pieces left that can actually morph into a small army of fighting rock soldiers? How dangerous are 48 unarmed and rock-covered soldiers against a galaxy of metal and steel and billions of armed natives? Where is newly named Commander Taradiddle located within the Solar System right this moment? Could he have flown out of the galaxy to avoid his capture or his death or his defeat? How did he acquire that new warship? What do you have to say about this matter, Plutonian Purry?”
“She doesn’t know the answer to those posed questions. So, don’t bother asking her or me or him or it again, Outlaw leaders!” Eartha stated. She has decided to address, in summary, all the posed questions, for Purry, not because she likes Purry. Eartha does not like Purry but loves Leer. She wants to recruit a galaxy army in order to quickly find then kill Taradiddle. Then the Solar System will return back to normal again. She said with a lady sneer. “We don’t know either. So, we need to form a war army and go after Taradiddle. Then when we capture him, we can ask him all these questions. Else, when we kill him, we don’t have to worry about these posed questions. Are you hearing me, loud and clear through the hologram transmission package?” She sneers then snarls and then growls at the delicate, dangerous demise.
A butterscotch-tinted beam with a female of average height coming from Planet Mars slowly swirls around the room, only viewing two of the humans, without seeing Eartha. She said. “We hear and we see. Why didn’t a fellow earthling identify then contain earthling Taradiddle, Eartha? You are an earthling from Planet Earth, are you not?”
Eartha gasps in shock along with some of the Neptune outlaws at the bold question.
Leer gasps in shock then nods with a slight smirk to two of the Outlaw representatives, crossing his arms, feeling total relief. The impromptu meeting has been called and attended to question Eartha, not Purry.
Eartha exhales with a puff of annoyance then slaps her chest, nodding with a smile. She said, “Yes, I am an earthling from Planet Earth. Back then and right now, Planet Earth is a slimy world of septic tank bacterium, bold peoples, and bad animals. No one likes living there. My parents fled Earth after my birth living on Jupiter like thousands of other transplanted and transformed earthlings. Taradiddle was one of the first peoples to flee then escape Planet Earth, centuries ago, settling on Planet Pluto, which was long period, before my present time. He lived among the native plutonians, who lived there for eternity. He wanted to possess morality. Thus, he became…becomes…and exists as a Bad One.”
The pale blue hologram twinkles carrying a tall female from Planet Saturn. She asked, “What is that new word? What is a Bad One?”
Eartha exhales with another puff of annoyance. She explained, “On Planet Pluto, the natives are labeled as Good Ones and Bad Ones, appearing like a rock formation. The Good Ones had…had fought and then caged up all the Bad Ones. A Bad One is a native plutonian that likes to kill all the Good Ones for fun or food of farts. However, Commander Taradiddle has reached his ultimate evil goal of life form mortality by becoming a new living creature on Planet Pluto, which is half a human format and half a Bad One native by consuming human bones, flesh, blood. Now, he wants to rule the Solar System, the galaxy, the universe and beyond. His body presents as a human format and looks 60 years old. He is really an earthing of 149 years old with lots of plutonian rock genes.” She laughs then clears her throat. She said, “Anyways, I was sent there to find a missing child, not a…”
“Did you find the missing child?” The Outlaw asked. The red tinted beam holds a tall, muscular male from Planet Jupiter.
Eartha gasps in shock then darts her eyeballs at Leer.
Leer sits with a slight smirk staring back at Eartha. He knows the purpose of the meeting. This impromptu meeting has been called to question her motions and her interests a former earthling resident.
She clears her throat then returns to see the rock wall as the rotating Outlaw representative continues to circle the room. She stated, “The missing child was killed, a long time, before I arrived on the scene by mad scientist Taradiddle. Do you plan on questioning me here all day and all night for 10 hours, 32 minutes, and 35 seconds?”
The hostess laughs and rotates around viewing Darsha conversing with Outlaw Eartha. She said, “No! But I’m very pleased that you possess tiny pieces of knowledge regarding my home planet. We are only seeking answers here. So far, we do not know the location of Commander Taradiddle. He could be flying directly to Planet Earth as the solar system is massive amount of black space and he does not possess a standard tracking pod on his stolen warship. Else he could be fling out of the solar system in his stolen warship. Or he could be hiding behind an exo-planet inside his stolen warship from us for years, until he decides to attack. We do not know that answer. But we have also learned each army soldier for Captain Taradiddle is comprised of rock materials, not bones, blood, and tissue like a human. A rock is a hard, non-flexible mineral that does not carry around a rifle of bullets. Thus, we saw a wonderful demonstration, when Purry touched then destroyed a colorful ball of rock, which happened, by sheer coincidence, to be one of the identified 49 art pieces built by Commander Taradiddle. Now, I am not personally worried about Commander Taradiddle. If he decides to show up here near Saturn, our fleet of warships and our group of outlaws can handle his person, his crew, and his warship. But I suspect that he enjoys living and will not do that. However, his crew of nasty pirates are a concern. What do we know about the pirates?”
The pale green tinted beam holds a tall, slender female wearing a bald head, living and working on Planet Uranus. She stated. “Every native knows of this shared information. The space pirates are a set of rejects coming from Planet Earth and other worlds throughout our Solar System. I hail from Uranus. There, my world grows all the food stuff for all the planets. Decades ago, we tossed off a bad guy or gal, in the general sense, from our planet, who’s body became instantly froze within the vast array of outer space ice cold molecules. Then we offered the option of leaving our planet in peace and mercy. Some of our rejected persons formed a community of persons living on a ratty warship that didn’t possess weapons or oxygen tanks. Over the decades, most of the pirates died from lack of air or the lack of food. Then they stared stealing and robbing the planetary resources. Then, we formed the outlaw gang of police officers. The pirates stopped stealing from the planets and then started picking on the traveling spaceships. Our newly formed band of outlaws protected our food supply shipments only. Thus, the gang of pirates are the scum bags of the galaxy coming from bad citizens of each planet that terrorize the universe. They need to be eliminated. However, if Captain Taradiddle has acquired some of the nastier and more vicious pirates, then he and they would love to take over the universe and rob us of our resources using terror and violence. I vote that the new warship is found and then destroyed before they can get that far.”
“Rah! Rah! Ha! Ha! Boo on you!” Eartha cheered with enthusiasm.
The hostess from Saturn nods to the wall as her chair faces that side of the room. She said, “Now, we have identified the main characters, including Commander Taradiddle, the group of nasty pirates, and the stolen warship. Any one of these bad objects can easily become destroyed by our slick, smart, and armed band of outlaws. However, there is the matter of the other 48 missing art pieces which are the key components making a rock army for Commander Taradiddle.”
The pink-tinted beam contains a short male from Planet Mercury as he laughs and continues to whirl around the room. He stated, “A rock is a rock. I’m not worried about a rock…”
“…that can grow and live and fight and destroy a delicate human body of blood, tissues, and bones.” Eartha yelled with a sour tone.
He stated, “We have not seen that action Lady Earthling.”
Eartha gasps in shock at the wrong proper name. She does not know if the arrogant Mercury administrator is stupid or smart. She gently slaps her chest and nods with a sour frown, “I saw that active destruction on Pluto…”
“…under the guise of war, which was started by Taradiddle, and also the action was confided to Planet Pluto. The 48 art pieces reside on other planets, in other atmospheres, with other peace-loving citizens. We have seen a demonstration of a peace-loving citizen, where formal outlaw Fire Star winner Marm had received the art piece as one of her numerous prizes, without knowledge of the original or the hidden danger. Then our new friend and ally Purry destroyed it with her delicate touch. Based on all the visual events and the verbal statement, I suggest that we spend our time and our resources hunting down the hidden 48 art pieces then destroy each one. Thus, Commander Taradiddle is without an army and will spend the rest of his days and nights wandering the galaxy for a new purpose. I suspect once his army disappears the band of pirates will attack then murder Taradiddle taking over the warship. Then the pirates will fly closer to one of the planets, where we will find the warship and destroy it. The end!” He chuckles with the other Outlaw representatives.
Eartha said with a frown. “This is not a fairy tale story for a little princess child. You’re missing the point here. We need to form an army of armed Outlaws and then go and destroy Commander Taradiddle and his merry and many marching band members of free-spirited pirates plus his stolen warship first, before he finds and then activities the other 48 art pieces that turn into an army of rocks.” She laughs. He stated, “All right! That sounded funny even to me. However, I do not understand your mild mannerisms here.”
The butterscotch beam wiggles with the Planet Mars Outlaw representative. She stated. “I would like to point out here that we are not a galaxy of war, but peace. We are not an organization of violent hardness, but gently softness. We employ outlaws of peace, not murder. We are comprised of home owners, business owners, young peoples, infant children, and retired peoples that want to enjoy their private lives with their family and friends on each planet. We are not an army of soldiers with guns and guts and gravel particles. We are not a revolution in the making. We are the modern people, where our ancient ancestors left Planet Earth and scouted the universe for a new home and found it living peacefully for 300 years. Now, I agree with our kind hostess.”
The hostess nodded. “Thank you, Planet Mars! Purry is the superstar of the day. She holds the ability to kill the art piece rock which is not dead but asleep. So, we have collectively decided to send Purry with our newly designed warship scouting the galaxy like our forefathers and mothers tracking down the missing 48 art pieces. Then she can destroy each it. That shouldn’t take much time as we have tons of times. Now, where are the 48 art pieces located?”
Eartha shouted, “She does not know that answer. No one knows the location or the buyer for the other 48 pieces of rock art.” She stands upright and slams into the hologram clouds messing up the uniform glow, exhaling with annoyance. She rubs her sore butthole then sits back down on top of the hard seat huffing with frustration. She shouted, “Purry is a victim like me and you and her and him. I keep repeating that…”
“We hear and we see, Lady Earthling Eartha!” The red tinted beam from Jupiter with the tall, muscular male twinkles in pretty particles. He stated, Well, this is a bit of problem. But we have a simple solution to that issue. We will send out a crew of explorers, like our ancient ancestors, in our newly designed warship with our new friend and ally Purry, who will work together to trace down then destroy each art piece. I would like additional names for the new explorer crew.”
His red tinted hologram chair continues to whirl around the room. He clearly stated to all the attendees. “Miss Hostess, I like your idea and I applaud your concept. However, I am not a military man but a formal outlaw. I suggest caution and care here. First, we are not an army of warriors with guns. So, we don’t use military titles, only functional positions, such like, leader, assistant, pilot, guest. Second, we want all of our crew to come back unharmed and happy. So, no crew member will blast a bullet at a crew member or a stranger without authorization from the command center. Third, we want peace back in the universe. So, each representative plan accordingly for a planetary visit from Commander Taradiddle and then relay the information through lightspeed to your neighboring planet for safety and security. After saying that. I would suggest a single warship tracking down each hidden art piece and I would like to suggest three warships following not too closely behind the scout warship. Captain Taradiddle has displayed violence murdering all the natives on Pluto. He will not hesitate to duplicate that nasty act at a spacecraft or any planet. And a single ship either war or pleasure should not venture around the vast galaxy alone and unguarded. The fleet of three warships will be a welcome sight if the single warship finds trouble within the cold, black outer space waves. I own and operate a business that supplies crews and weapons for such a journey. What do you think, Miss Hostess?”
The pink beam wiggles. The Mars Outlaw clapped and stated, “I like his idea and I applaud his boldness. We are not fighting soldiers here but lazy citizens. Commander Taradiddle would think twice and then thrice about attacking three approaching Outlaw warships, instead of one. Do it, too it!” He smiled along with the other representatives.
The blue ray from Planet Saturn shines. She smiled. “Excellent! We have a fleet of warships aiding the scout warship. Who will command the scout ship?”
Eartha clears her throat then smiles slapping her chest. She shouted, “I…”
“…suggest the clever and slick Outlaw Leer. He is an outstanding Outlaw from Planet Neptune coming from good breeding like his parents.” She said. The pale blue tinted beam twinkles containing the outline of a short female from Planet Uranus. The chair and person twirls around the room seeing the rock wall.
Leer gasps in alarm then flips both of his palms in the air, shaking his bone skull, not accepting the new job or the new position or the new responsibility, without vocal words in this defense as he does not want to piss off any authority figure inside the room or within the numerous holograms.
“I concur,” a tall, male within a pink beam from Mars.
“I agree,” a short female within a pale blue beam from Saturn.
“Leer is the man for the job,” Darsha nods with a smile without seeing Leer. He continues to sit with his back spine to Darsha and shakes his curls, without speaking.
“Darsha!” Eartha yells at her supervisor.
Darsha wiggles her hand to Eartha then smiles to the hostess. “And Eartha is part of the explorer crew with Outlaw Leer and Lady Plutonian Purry. She is one of my best outlaws and she is familiar with other parts of outer space, including Planet Earth.”
The hostess completes the spin then nods back to Eartha. She said, “Excellent! We have selected our new explorer crew and a new fleet of backup warships with its own new command crew. Let’s get this party started!” She laughs with the others, except for Leer.
Darsha wiggles in the hard seat with excitement slowly turning in her seat, surveying each glowing holographic representative from each planet. This event is both historical and remarkable that the citizens of the Solar System are working for a common goal. Usually, the Solar System floats and flows in a peaceful rhythm of harmony. Darsha likes…loves harmony also. She does not enjoy space flight either, like Leer. She has never left her home world of Neptune for a long period of time, just the supervisor training program on Planet Jupiter. When the old supervisor retired, Darsha replaced the old coot. Darsha wants the space mission to end quickly and quietly tracking down, then terminating the remaining 48 art pieces. Then she can return home and enjoy her old life.
Leer continues to sit and crosses his arms feeling betrayed and annoyed from every person that he trusts and treasures, including his parents, his two friends Tean and Boodle, and his supervisor Darsha. He wishes to blame and then purge earthling Eartha from his life. She can go and lead the first Outlaw outer space mission. Eartha mouth drools or maybe it’s cream from the ugly cold sore on her upper lip, but she wants to become the leader, not the follower. Then Leer can return home enjoying the lazy days of calm pond waters, chasing of the mischievous kids that enjoy playing in the waters too.
Leer does not want to lead a mission or fly around outer space. But he cannot return home without honoring his new Outlaw mission. Else his biological, former pair of Outlaw parents will become greatly disappointed in his Outlaw honor or behavior or something.
Purry sits taller or has grown taller in the tiny chair surveying the exciting event, recording all the words and the actions while learning to act like a human.
Tean and Boodle sit apart and are separated by three glowing holographic persons but continue to lean forwards and then backwards while winking at each other celebrating the new Outlaw space adventure.
Earth crosses her arm in frustration. These glowing people do not understand the dangerous actions coming from madman Taradiddle and the need for an army of slightly trained and heavily army galaxy warriors. However, Earth do understand the deadly dangerous and waves her arm in the air presenting a frown with puzzlement. She yelled, “I hate to be the party pooper.”
“Then don’t be the dirty one, honey! Use and abuse the pun!” The male from Mars shouted bac to Earth.
She exhales with a puff of annoyance dropping her hand down into her lap. She stated, “We have assigned the crew, the ship, and the purpose. That’s all good! That’s all great! That’s all God!” She giggles after her silly statement. “But we don’t know where the next one or 47 other art pieces are located. I have stated before that no one knows that answer including Purry. So, we are stuck here inside a hydrogen-coated cavern without a location pointer for the next art piece, until one falls through the outer space waves.”
The Uranus Outlaw representative shouted out loud and viewed the wall. “Eartha is correct. Where is the next art piece? What is the next clue? Who possesses a listing of the buyers for each purchased art piece?”
The Saturn hostess stated. “No one knows the buyers or the location of the missing art pieces. What is the next step here for the hunting trip?”
The Jupiter Outlaw stated. “Eartha has presented a valid question. Where are the other 48 art pieces residing within the massive outer space galaxy? How do we find them? As they will not be finding us, until I can do that for us. Yes, I have a working theory here. The accidental discovery of the first art piece made by Taradiddle had been awarded to Marm, after she won the Fire Star decades ago. That particular art piece had been recorded here in the archive at the Outlaw Office first. The documentation states…” he gasped. “This is so interesting! The documentation states that a Jupiter resident had donated the art piece for the Fire Star event. This not interesting. This is a common place practice when members of the Outlaw family want to honor their Outlaw co-workers and the new Fire Star winner. However, the Jupiter resident also confessed that he had received the art piece in exchange for food with a pirate…”
“A space pirate…” Eartha sneered. “That nasty band of space pirates are the responsible party for taking each art piece off Pluto and then selling it to an unsuspecting buyer. That’s a start but a bad start. Each pirate exchange is illegal and not documented as it is an illegal act, where the citizen could be arrested or punished by communicating with a space pirate. So, we still do not have a lead.” She shakes her curls and reached up, rubbing the cold sore. When she becomes irritated, her cold sore flares in pain and then flames in bright red hue for some reason.
“We do have a new lead,” Leer stated. He exhales with a puff of annoyance with crossed arms. The others are missing the new clue. He said, “That nasty space pirates are not the only playing within the outer space field. The space pirates are an exclusive club of space criminals. The space pirates hanging around Neptune are not nasty but ambition exchanging stolen items, like a deformed kitten, for food or ship parts. We have a golden rule that a Neptunian can exchange a produce with a space pirate, not kill him or her. I suspect…propose that Taradiddle used different nasty bands of space pirates that live closer to a black star or a black hole or an exoskeleton planet, where his art piece is hanging around and sleeping, until he finds it…”
 …before us,” Eartha nodded.
The Mars Outlaw representative said, “Great leadership thinking, over there, Leer! He’s the person of the day! He’s the leader for the space mission.”
The Jupiter Outlaw person stated, “Now, we have a new clue, the bands of nasty pirates. Here on Jupiter, I can get my associates to start scrounging the database for another exchange purchase from a space private to a private resident. I would suggest each planetary representative duplicate my work. We can send all the new data mining information to Leer and his explorer team. Then Leer will fly to the planet and interview the private citizen seeking the art piece, getting the art piece and then destroying the art piece. This space mission has just become easy and fast.” He laughs with amusement.
“I agree with my new Jupiter friend. That’s the best plan of action we can formulate at the moment,” the hostess said. “Before we adjoin our productive meeting, I want to introduce the new communications officer for the explorer crew.” The cavern-style meeting room does not display a door, only a curved archway.
A yellow-tinted, metal-coated thick skateboard-design rolls inside the new room on a set of six square-shaped wheels and then halts in front of Leer’s legs. The machine slowly stands upright on its two rear wheels like a dog and then chirps like a bird. It spoke in the common language. “The sunlight takes 5.5 hours to reach Planet Pluto, Captain Leer!”
Leer frowns down at the tiny metal machine in silence.
“Darsha!” Eartha yelled at her supervisor.
“This is HERO or a Human Echo Robotic Operative. Hero listens, records, obeys, and transmits verbal, visual, holographic, written, and colorful images on the spot sending the information back to its source using its lightspeed power, which is here in Saturn. Then any approved representative can access Hero’s computer chip viewing the new data in any format. The machine rolls over smooth or rough terrain on a ship, in the dirt, on the ice, or another place. Hero is the communications officer that will record and then report all live and dead activity on your scout ship. So, don’t go and do something that you don’t people to see on the ship.” The Saturn hostess said. Her chair completes another rotation around the room in her hologram format while smiling at Darsha. She stated, “Darsha is the leader of the warship fleet. Now, we have our new scout crews. Your new Outlaw order and Outlaw mission is to go throughout outer space and find the other 48 art pieces destroying them swiftly and immediately. Then there will be harmony and peace once again throughout the Solar System. I do believe this search will be short and sweet. I hope to see the crew return back here to Saturn within the week.”
“What!” Eartha hissed.
The hostess completes another rotation and announces to the new crew mates. She stated, “Good bye and good luck, Outlaws!” Her pale blue beam quickly descends back down into the hard floor cutting off both her glittering body and her voice. The other hologram persons quickly disappear from the meeting room, leaving the six Neptune Outlaws.


19:20:41 hours/minutes/seconds (late night of Neptune time within 20 rotational hours)
05:16:35 hours/minutes/seconds (late morning of Saturn time within 10 rotational hours)

HERO can twirl on the floor, float in the air, and identify any life form. The machine spins around from Leer, floats in the air, and then halts in front of Darsha. It stated, “Welcome, Leader Darsha. You can follow me. I will lead you and your party to the fleet of warships which is down the hallway inside the Ship Shop.” The yellow machine drops and rolls over the floor, like a skate board, exiting the meeting room, racing down an empty silence hallway and enters the Ship Shop on the same level without the gang of Outlaws.
Inside the meeting room, each life form gasps in shock then stands upright rushing from the meeting room, following the silly skateboard down the same hallway.
The Ship Shop is a massive semi-circular room with a tall ceiling without viewing a side will due to the array of massive steel-coated ship skeletons. Some of the ships are steel frames. The other ships are getting the finishing touches of colored paint and weird designs.
HERO tilts upright lifting off the floor covered in puddles of grease, tar, spilled metal tools, individual flying worker robots, and numerous roaming human workers. The machine slowly flies several feet in the air signaling to its new crew members its direction pathway. Each life form turns into the room and carefully advances ahead avoiding the objects reaching a steel-coated gigantic starship in pink hue. Each one halts and forms a line in front of the massively long row of non-lighted flame burning engines. Each one is stunned with silence.
The starship represents an insect image of an Earth moth and features a row of ten flame-burn engines on the front grill and a set of arched steel-coated wings in the rear end. Each steel-plated arched wing displays a large black-tinted circle.
Leer stands within a row with the other outlaws and beside Purry while admiring the ship. He stated, “Pink! Why’s a rough and tough battle warship colored in girly pink hue?” He frowns at the colored paint.
“I like the pink color.” Purry smiled at the ship.
“Ugh! Boys don’t play with pink toys,” Tean stated. He spits out his salvia down the floor then frowns at the too much pretty pink-tinted warship then scans the other ships, experiencing intense curiosity. “I hope my command ship isn’t painted in pink hue either.”
“The pink hue looks gentle, not bold, disguising the war function, within the sissy looking outer space warship. I like the color. I hope my command ship comes in pink hue.” Boodle stated. She slowly spins around and scans the other ships for another pink hue.
“This color will definitely fool Taradiddle, if we happen to cross his engine flames.” Eartha stated. She laughed with a smile. Darsha holds her tongue and scans the gigantic shop for another pink tinted ship also in silence.
Hero floats in front of the humans and behind the row of flame-burn engines. It stated. “This is the front of the ship, not the rear end. We need to go down the side and enter through the underbelly tunnel.” Hero flies sideways away from the ship then flies ahead down the side in silence. Darsha stands at the end of the line and starts to move ahead along the side of the ship towards the rear end to enter the ship.
Leer frowns and follows the upright machine. He asked, “What’s your real name?” The other Outlaws follow behind Darsha. Purry represents the rear.
Hero announces in flight, “I am called Hero.”
“Zero! I like that name too.” Leer laughed.
Hero stops at the rear end of the ship spinning around to face the life forms, pointing at two dark tinted circular hollow holes. The Outlaws stop and form a new row staring at the new ship.
Eartha stops and stands beside Leer staring at the twin tunnels. She stated, “Geez! More tunnels! Can’t an engineer build a square-shaped door archway for an upright walking human?”
“I don’t see a human here only a set of star life forms,” Hero stated.
Darsha snapped, “Tell us about the ship!” She frowns with annoyance at the smart-ass machine and points at the dark tinted twin tunnels.
“This is the two different entrance points into the new warship. It does not matter which tunnel is used for human body transportation. Each tunnel leads to the bridge on the first floor or the living quarters on the second floor or the kitchen and garden areas on the third floor. The fourth floor or bottom level is reserved for the flame burn engines and equipment. Within the tunnel, there is a secondary tunnel that leads to your desired location. I will proceed ahead and point out each secondary tunnel.” Hero spins around and floats into the left-side tunnel.
The Outlaws turn and wink at each other. Darsha leads them into the right-sided tunnel for fun getting away from the annoying non-human communications officer. She dashes ahead with her soft chuckles then crouches down climbing over the smooth metal floor. Each Outlaw follows with Purry in the rear again. The annoying voice from Hero is not heard from the opposite tunnel.
Darsha does not bother pointing out the secondary tunnel either as she will explore her own assigned warship later after securing her Outlaw crew members, including Leer, Eartha, and her new friend Purry inside the bridge section. She continues to climb and smells the new metal paste inside the new tunnel entrance, feeling the cold minerals against her two naked palms and finger pads. She has forgotten to acquire a spacesuit before entering the tunnel which will safe her delicate human blood, bones, and tissues against the freezing outer space waves. She halts without running into the wall of steel staring at the closure, gasping in shock. She asked, “What is this?”
Tean shouted, “Hey! Heads up, up there! You’re leading a parade back here. Say something besides nothing when the traffic light turns red for stop, Leader!” He sneered with annoyance, after running into the butthole on his girl Boodle.
Darsha stands on her two palms and kneecaps. She yelled, “Stop!” Then she laughs. “I’m stopped, halted, and restricted from moving forward. I spy a solid wall of glowing white tinted stone here. I thought the bridge was located on the first level. Maybe, we should have followed the new communications officer. We are…”
“…on the second level.” Boodle said. She spins around and enters the secondary tunnel echoing her words. “This door is open.” She disappears into the second floor. Purry follows first then Tean, Leer, Eartha, and finally Darsha. They exit the tunnel hole then slowly stand upright forming a new line and admire the new environment.
The room setting is circular with dull white-tinted metal panels heating the interior compartment, within the mysterious and gigantic warship as the outer space environment is cold and lack the bombardment of sunlight. The middle section of the room is empty and displays a second entrance or exit circular hole.
The yellow-tinted, skate board-designed machine blocks the entranceway staring with its six embedded eye sensors at the six standing life forms. Its six square-shaped wheels slowly rotate in a circle, like the machine is annoyed with its new crew members. On top of its square shaped head, a new feature appears. A series of short and long scary-looking, black-tinted antennas slowly raises and then protrudes outwards recording the new activity within the new room setting.
The curved wall houses a smooth steel frame in dull-looking vanilla white hue. The life forms continue to stare with amusement at the new environment then gasp in shock.
In the middle of the floor, a panel slide open. A single object slowly lifts in the air. The object is tinted in bright orange hue metal and measures twenty feet tall wearing three individual balls stacked on top of each other. The bottom ball is the base without a pair of wheels or metal feet and is larger than the second ball.
The third ball is obviously a metal skull wearing a five circular-shaped eye sockets across the face plate, three oval shaped mouths and three square-shaped ear points on each of the skull.
The second ball displays ten metal arms. Some of the arms are thick; the other arms are wiry with an individual wiry hand of metal fingers for grasping or chocking its patient. The middle section displays a belly monitor in the front and the rear on the second ball section too.
The object lifts off the floor then hovers a few inches in the air as the floor panel closes shut. It continues to float staring at the new crew members without flinging its ten metal limbs in the air. It stated, “Welcome to the Health Ward! I am Doctor Healthy. You can address my metal person as Doctor Healthy or Doctor or Doc. I am the medical machine that will assess, diagnose, treat, and prevent injury to your biological and chemical human body as long as you serve on this warship.”
Boodle frowned, “I don’t see the medical beds or the medical equipment or the medical cabinets.”
Doctor Healthy points one of its wiry metal arms to the curved wall but its five eye sockets survey the crew members, “A medical bed is built into the wall for safety of my metal machine and your delicate human biological and chemical body. If you are injured, the wall will drop down making one or more medical beds available for an illness or sickness or injury or a man-made of natural disaster.”
Leer laughed, “Geez! Don’t jinx the ship before our maiden voyage, robot!”
The medical machine does not laugh but presents a silly grin in yellow tint on its belly screen of black hue. It stated, “I do not see a robot. I only see a row of non-funny humans. I am called Doc.”
Eartha asked. “Where are the medical medication and emergency medical supplies? I don’t see any medical equipment or supplies, only a circular of hard steel…stone. The walls are made of stone. Why are the walls, the floor, and the ceiling made of stone materials?” She scans the room.
“I house all the smaller medical equipment pieces and all the medical medications inside my internal machine pods. Do you care to see them, Eartha?” Doc stated without emotions and facial machine expressions.
Eartha gasped, “It knows my name.” She slowly spins around and studies the medical machine.
“A medical physician, either human or machine, is required to know everything. That’s not necessary, Doc.” Darsha said to the medical machine.
Doc stated, “Before your medical examination, which is required before any space jaunt, I will explain next. Your individual living quarter space is located behind the curved wall. The gentlemen enter through the tunnel colored in light blue hue. The ladies enter into the tunnel colored in pink hue. You can go and explore your new living quarter space after your physical examination.” It waves one wiry arm in the air. The interior room becomes engulfed in bright white light.
Tean gasped in alarm and pointed to Leer. “Leer, buddy! You’re a skeleton frame with colored organs. The heart organ is pink to red tint. Each lung is pale to dark blue tinted. The liver is dull to bright yellow tinted. Your coiled intestine organs are long and wrapped around your entire body like a freaking snake and are colored in shade of pale to light to medium to burnt orange hue. Wow! This is awesome. I…I can see the tiny blood vessels in your yellow tinted liver organ, Leer. I feel nothing. I am experiencing my pain or suffering. I do feel slightly warm,” he looks down and views his hands seeing his personal skeleton bone frame, tracking the line of dark blue colored blood proteins. The other Outlaws examine their own holographic body and then each other, nodding with a set of silly giggles of delight.
Doc stated. “This is a holographic projection cloud that displays the current medical condition of your biological and chemical human body through your anatomical structures. I am currently recording the status of your cells measuring your body temperature, pulse rate and rhythm, oxygen saturation, systolic blood pressure, body weight, blood pressure, blood sugar, blood oxygen levels, heart rate. This medical cloud recognizes jaw movements involving coughing fits, gagging reactions, strutting speech patterns and inhaling illegal or damaging smoking products during the physical or resting activity. Then I transmit, share, and store the medical pieces of information inside my database as the standard baseline for your excellent health marker. My memory banks are programmed to assess, detect, and analyze every known disease, disorder, and illness inside a human body. I have completed each examination but…” It turns and stares its six electronic eyeball sensors at Purry, in silence. The Outlaws laugh in union turning to stare at Purry also. Doc stares at Purry while its belly section performs a ballet of colored lines and soft tunes of musical notes.
Boodle reaches over and pats the colorful rock-coated arm on Purry, nodding to Doc. She stated, “Doc, I would like to introduce you to Purry. Purry is a native of Planet Pluto. Her world is burning down into the River of Lava. So, she is going to live with us, humans. And she is going to be a part of our crew here on the warship.”
Doc stated, “You are comprised of unique minerals.” Doc scanned Purry with its mechanic eyeballs and neurons.
Purry imitates a human and touches her rock-coated chest, nodding to the machine, wearing a rock-coated smile. She said, “I am a rock life form, not a chemical one. My rock is comprised from the River of Lava which are colorful hardened lava particles and…”
Doc stated, “I can detect trace element of …”
“Why are my living quarters behind the curvy wall of the biomedical laboratory?” Leer shouted out loud. He laughs and points at the curvy wall while hiding the truth about Purry. She was born from massive dead human body parts of Earth human, who was named medical physician Mummery, who was comprised from other dead human body parts too.
Leer does not want the robotic medical physician to announce that Purry is composed of trace elements including human blood, bone fragments, and organ tissues, in front of his new explorer team members. Tean and Boodle, even Darsha, will become both fearful and suspicious of Purry’s true interspecies motives and intentions towards the humans while working with Leer to eliminate the half-human and half Bad One named Taradiddle.
Leer wonders if Purry can touch Taradiddle and absorb his rock composite into her rock body then half-way kill his human body composition. He will have to discuss that brilliant idea with Purry at a later date and alone with her, without his new crew members.
Doc is a man-made machine and is required to address all human questions as the robot continues to study Purry and speaks to Leer. It stated, “You’re a clever human, Leer. A ship engineer works with a human medical physician deciding to place the living quarters behind the medical laboratory, where the medical machine can assess and analyze each crew member on a daily and night basis. Thus, I never leave the biomedical laboratory. You always come to me,” he presents a yellow-tinted smile on its belly section in black hue. The Outlaws chuckle with amusement. The robot continued, “Behind each curved wall, each living quarter holds a specially designed bed frame for your human body. The bed frame cables feed into my database and allows my medical programs to monitor your body weight, blood pressure, blood sugar, blood oxygen levels, heart rate, performing an electrocardiogram on your active brain cells during your sleep cycle. I, also, monitor your jaw movements involving coughing fits, gagging reactions, voicing loud words, thrusting body patterns and inhaling illegal or damaging smoking products during your resting sleep cycle. I monitor your organ production and react to any medical situation during your resting sleep cycle.”
Doc turns and views each crew member. It said, “I have finished your medical examination and established a baseline of standard health for your individual human biological and chemical body.”
Tean leans over and almost touches the cheekbone on Boodle. He asked, “Is that metal machine going to say that phrase each and every time?”
“Yes,” Boodle smiled at the medical machine.
Doc stated. “The next step in your personal medical examination is pumping up your individual human biological and chemical body for the upcoming space flight.”
“Yes,” she laughed at her fiancé.
Doc stated, “Minerals and vitamins are very important to maintain your individual human biological and chemical body.”
“Geez! Please, stop!” Tean whispered back to her.
Doc stated, “In order to maintain your standard baseline of health, each crew member will consume a handful of pills today, before your upcoming space flight. My understanding, some of you have not flew a long-term…”
“This is a short-term trip quickly finding then collecting 48 individual art pieces. That’s all! That’s it! This short-term trip should take a couple of days based on some planetary time, Doc.” Darsha stated. She turns and nods with a smile to Leer. She can sense that Leer is still both stunned and annoyed at the new Outlaw outer space assignment. But Leer and Eartha worked well as a team solving the problem, finding the new troublemaker of the galaxy. 
However, Leer is the logical choice to lead the new explorer team members and then find and destroy each art piece. She has confidence in Leer. He does not bother to acknowledge Darsha but continues to scan wearing a sour frown his new environment in silence.
Doc stated. “For that short-term space trip, you will be living on board a starship. The time duration in space flight has a long-term effect on your individual human biological and chemical body.” Tean moans at the silly phase. The robot plunges five wiry hands into each side slot then pulls out an individual colored pill holding its limb in the air, narrating the new information to the row of humans. 
Doc said, “Each pill is a colorful and tasty mineral duplicating a familiar food item for the human palette. This mineral pill is good for your blood pressure and lowers your risk for one or more kidney stones and any bone loss. Your muscles and nerves must work in space flight too. This mineral is found in the natural food items of sweet milk, potatoes, sweet potatoes, bananas, avocados, and legumes. The yellow tinted mineral pill is flavored in the taste of ripen bananas.” It slowly extends a thick metal arm with a thick metal palm displaying a yellow pill to each human, not Purry, of course. Each human accepts the pill. Some eats the pill. The others study the pill.
Tean frowns and points down at the single pill. He asked, “Is this our only food source during the space trip?”
Doc retracts each thick arm then plunges the same hands into the side slot pulling out a green tinted pill, displaying in the air to each human. It stated, “No! A human cannot live on pills alone. The kitchen area, dining room, and storage units are located below this level. The kitchen pantry is filled with delicious human food products for consumption any time period. Spinach, beans, peas, whole grains, nuts, and almonds, each food item is a good source of the human magnesium mineral that prevents the stomach, intestinal problems, and diabetes. This mineral pill is colored green hue and tastes like a spinach leaf.” It repeats the process to each human pulling out a new pill.
Doc continued. “The next pill is vitamin A, which supports good vision, healthy immunity, and tissue growth. Vitamin A produces retinol and carotenoids which naturally comes from orange and yellow fruits and vegetables, such like, sweet potatoes, carrots, squash, spinach, and broccoli. This orange colored vitamin pill is flavored in a carrot taste.” The metal machine provides each pill to every human again, pulling a new pill from its metal belly while displaying in its metal palm.
Doc continued, “Your bones, muscles, and nerve fibers need vitamin D to function, especially in outer space waves. This vitamin pill keeps your immune system healthy. And if your body cannot make vitamin D from the rays of bright sunlight, then you can consume salmon, mackerel, and mushrooms animal organ livers, dairy cheese, and mammal egg yolks and milk. This red tinted vitamin pill is salmon flavor.” It provides the next pill to each human then produces a white tinted pill from its side slots, holding in the air.
Doc continued, “This mineral pill maintains your healthy teeth, bones, all your muscles, including your heart organ. The two minerals of potassium and magnesium prevent high blood pressure and are found in dairy products, salmon, kale, and broccoli. This white tinted mineral pill is milk flavored.” It hands the pill to each human then pulls out a new pill staring at each human, holding the item in the air.
Leer accepts then studies the next pill. He stated, “Right toe! I can’t believe this. I shore am going to miss my headless, legless, mooing cow meat.” He eats then chews each soft gelatin pill for his daily minerals and vitamins, nodding with a goofy smile at his buddy Tean.
Doc continued. “This black tinted mineral lowers your cholesterol level, heart disease, and diabetes coming from the natural food stuffs, such like, whole grains, beans, vegetables, and fruits. The mineral pill tastes like beans and keeps you regular. It fills you up, so you eat less…”
“…to poop more and fart less…” Tean yelled. He laughs then chews the pill coughing out loud, spitting most of the chewed particles on the food. The food panel sucks the individual chewed particles down into the garbage room.
Doc stated presenting a frown on its belly screen. “Tean has not learned to obey my rules.” It whips out a second black tinted pill and extended its arm to Tean. Tean gingerly accepts then eats the pill, nodding with a smile to the robot.
Doc continued. It monitors each human in silence as its primary programming requires slowly extending five thick metal arms towards each human, producing a thin sharp needle on the metal finger of the metal hand and quickly punctures the thick muscle on each human forearm. Each Outlaw reacts with a series of loud shouts and rushing curse words. The robot quickly retracts each its metal arm and then stores its metal hand down into each open slot, displaying no arms while starting to process each tube of blood proteins. It stated, “A blood transfusion saves a human life as a human life cannot live without the eight pints of flowing red tinted blood proteins. However, human blood cannot be duplicated or replicated or produced or cooked or boiled or roasted or grilled into a tray or a tub or a tube of human blood. I have pierced through your external skin epidermis and retrieved a few droplets of your personal blood proteins and have stored the precious liquid inside my belly unit for safekeeping. Now, I will process each tube and produce a pack of artificial blood proteins for your human biological and chemical body, in case of an emergency or a man-made or natural disaster. Do you have a new smart-ass comment, Leer?”
“No, sir!” Leer winked at the robot.
Doc continued, “I have come to the last step with your medical examination on your human biological and chemical body.” Then he stops talking and allows quiet time inside the medical laboratory room. No one talks but stares the medical machine.
“What! What is the last step?” Eartha yelled. She frowns and waves both of her arms in the air, exhaling with a puff of annoyance at the gigantic metal machine.
Doc whips out ten thick arms displaying a sharp needled on five of the middle metal fingers on five different metal-coated hands. Each Outlaw gasps in alarm. It stated, “Each crew member will receive a personal skin tattoo.”
Boodle shakes her curls and continues to chew each gelatin pill, after examining the item. She said, “I don’t think so, buddy!” Her punctured arm still throbs from the first secret attack by the metal medical machine. She rubs her aching bicep.
Leer laughs and thumbs his fellow outlaw. He stated, “Eartha already has a permanently, ugly tattoo on her lip. Does that count?”
Eartha sneers and covers her mouth blushing in embarrassment. She yelled, “Shut it, Tean!”
Doc turns and studies Eartha. It stated. “You are exhibiting a form of oral herpes, which is a common virus, that results in a visual cold sore on your upper lip of your human mouth. A person does not present symptoms, before the cold sore appears ugly and painful. You do not acquire oral herpes from a toilet seat, a swimming pool or a piece of soap, only from an infected human. The cold sore can be annoying and painful; but it’s not life-threatening.”
She drops her hand and exhales with a puff of annoyance. Eartha stated, “I got it from an affected animal coming from Planet Earth.”
Doc continued, “That does not make any sense, Outlaw Eartha. Planet Earth contains cities of nasty slums, where the people live and work and barely survive and open dirt and grass fields, where all the wild and free and dangerous animals exist. The animals fight and eat each other for food. No sane earthling enters the wild animal domain. An earthling smells awful and does not live to see the sunset. The herpes simplex virus could not have possibly come from a sick animal, maybe another affected human with a low immune system. That virus was shared, not manufactured. If you could find the affected human…”
“Why do you need to tattoo me?” Darsha frowned.
Doc viewed Darsha and stated. “I will perform a delicate laser medical procedure and create an arm tattoo on your exterior skin epidermis. The medical tattoo can be designed into any colorful or a solid color pattern of your liking and fits on your arm bicep. The skin tattoo will transmit medical information using free floating radio waves back to the Moth while you are a crew member here.”
Tean turns and examines the air waves. He asked, “What’s a moth? Where’s the moth? I don’t see any bugs inside here.”
Doc stated, “The Moth is the name of our warship.”
“Pink Moth is a better name for our warship.” Purry smiled with her rock-coated smirk.
Doc continued. “I have the ability to tattoo each human at the same time. Please stand sideways and present your right or left bicep muscle to me for the tattoo design.”
“Do I really have to do this?” Eartha frowned.
Doc continued, “It is required to board the bridge and perform your ship’s function like me. Else you can leave the ship and return back to your working job on another planet and another place as I do not care, only obey.”
“Typical non-human!” Leer laughed.
“She stays. Spin around and present your naked bicep to Doc, Eartha.” Darsha ordered. She turns sideways to Doc and wears a smile standing in place, staring at the nose profile on Earth. She giggles with excitement at her new Outlaw space adventure hunting down the other 48 art pieces. The crew members will receive a gigantic bit award for the capture of rebel Taradiddle. She does not believe in murdering a person for a bad deed and lives that motto every day within the Great Dark Spot. But she craves the luxury life of leisure and comforts, such like, Jor and Marm. She does not want to work her current tense and dull job.
Retired Outlaw pair, Jor and Marm had both achieved that goal by playing by the rules receiving the ultimate recognition and massive prizes from the Fire Star award.
Darsha might automatically be awarded the Fire Star, this solar year, after a brilliant catch and capture of Taradiddle too. Once Taradiddle is found, she will take him to the Outlaw Headquarter office on Planet Jupiter. The band of Outlaws can deal with Taradiddle. After the morning’s impromptu meeting, the other citizens of the Solar System do not wanna to be bothered or troubled with the following villains of the Solar System, including Taradiddle, the nasty group of pirates, and the stolen warship. So, Darsha can hold her nose holes and do it for a couple of hours, before the breakfast meal on Neptune at 05:00:01 hours/minutes/seconds.
Darsha does not desire a career as a captain warship or the current Outlaw supervisor within the Great Dark Spot, only finally retiring without worries and then enjoying her new life. She is almost forty years old, an unmarried mature woman while eyeing a nice looking male, who is recently divorced, without a child, the perfect mate for the rest of her lazy days and nights.
The race to find 48 art pieces will become swift and easy finishing the items within a couple of days working throughout the nighttime hours also. If Darsha can receive a ton of bits for her catch and capture of Taradiddle boasting her new wealth and her new carefree lifestyle into a potential perfect life on Planet Neptune.
She continues to smile and slightly wiggles sideways, feeling delight of her upcoming goal.
In the line of outlaws, Tean stands third in the line between Leer and his girl Boodle, spinning around sideways then stands in place presenting his right-side bicep. He smiles with excitement pondering his new future. He really wants to become a starship captain and this dangerous outer space Outlaw adventure makes it all possible.
During the absence of his buddy Leer and his co-worker Eartha, his supervisor Darsha had started receiving then sharing all of the data and image pictures from Planet Pluto. Darsha does not really understand the information and calls her best outlaw Tean into her office. Together, with the assistance of Boodle, they all figure out the messages and the pictures following the story line and the destruction of Planet Pluto, which is too late to help and too far to save. Anyways, Tean has gotten a taste of action, adventure, and excitement greatly desiring to leave the Great Dark Spot and find new employment. Two days ago, he was the loud voice behind the rear, hairy skull on Darsha while poking and probing her to contact the Outlaw Headquarters Office at Planet Jupiter.
Once Tean does this, all hell will break loose and fancy free throughout the Solar System regarding madman and dangerous Taradiddle, who continues to pilot a stolen warship. The Outlaw directors are demanding daily and nightly data and image updates, in which, Tean will provide with ease and motivation, ultimately leading to the warship captain position.
Back inside the warship, on top of the heated metal floor, inside the health ward, Tean continues to stand sideways with a smile and slightly dances with excitement watching for his new skin tattoo.
Boodle spins around sideways with a smile and faces the back spine on her husband. Yes, they are finally married as a pair of newlyweds of husband and wife, without a wedding band. They had performed a marriage ceremony yesterday, before Leer and Earth returned back to the Great Dark Spot. Boodle feels bad. Leer could not attend their marriage ceremony at her parents’ pole house. But she and Tean, both want to pursue a new life’s dream soaring around outer space, instead of returning back to a watery life in the Great Dark Spot. Once married, they cannot be separated or departed while accepting a new assignment anywhere but there on Planet Neptune.
Once Eartha had sent the electronic data and pictures of the terrible events on Planet Pluto, the main Outlaw Office directors started discussing the possibility of madman Taradiddle becoming freed from the gravity waves of Planet Pluto. And that had happened. The Outlaw Office directors had updated some of the experienced Outlaws and offered commissions as a newly promoted warship captain and each one had refused. Then Tean and Boodle talked about the great opportunity to leave the Great Dark Spot and then explore the universe on someone else’s bits while getting paid flying around in a starship and seeing other planets.
They both worked together and figured out Taradiddle and his master evil plan presenting their idea of three floating warships chasing after Taradiddle to the Outlaw Office directors. The directors approved then organized the morning’s impromptu meeting with the cooperation of Darsha, Jor, and Marm.
Now, Boodle is a starship captain with her own crew.
After the catch and capture of Taradiddle, the Solar System will become peaceful again and Boodle and her husband will continue ahead as a starship captain, and, maybe, the head a new office of Outlaw outer space explorers soaring through the rest of the known galaxy, exploring new worlds and meeting new alien people. Right now, within the Solar System, each space ship leaves a planet then arrives at a new planet with tons of purchased supplies, which is piloted by a fleet of machine robots. No one human is in charge of the starship. The outer planets have been settled and thrive with citizens. Currently, there is not a need for fleets of patrol warships, only the thin band of Outlaws that reside on each planet for security and protection.
On top of the metal floor, Boodle continues to giggle and smile at her husband while rocking back and forth with her elation, presenting her left-side bicep to the metal machine.
Leer exhales with a puff of annoyance at the upcoming new assignment. He does want to be present, and he does not want a skin tattoo, too boot, either. He asked, “Does the tattoo come off with water or beer or another safe thirst-quenching liquid beverage?”
“No.” Doc stated. “The human skin tattoo is a permanent mark on your exterior epidermis tissue until your death day.”
“Darsha!” Leer yelled.
Darsha stated, “You have not choice, either, Leer. Spun around and shut up, presenting your naked bicep to Doc!” Darsha continues to smile at the nose profile on Leer pondering her new work opportunity, slightly wiggling sideways with happiness.
Leer slowly spins around sideways and faces the rear skull on his friend Boodle presenting his right-side bicep. He exhales with frustration and wishes for a miracle. Maybe, the warship will engage a messy and bad malfunction, then Taradiddle and the nasty crew of pirates will die. Then he cannot return back home. He misses his lazy, easy work job on the calm pond waters and wants to try for the Fire Star award, this year. He has not, technically, murdered a human killer, only a bunch of hard rocks not filled with human blood, guts, and bones. And he does not feel like leading a fleet of new warships someplace or somewhere looking for 48 other art pieces. Honestly, Purry and a crew of robots can become the tracker and then destroyer of the killing job, faster and better, than human Leer.
On top of the metal floor, within the medical laboratory room, Leer frowns and slightly jiggles sideways while feeling depressed and annoyed waiting on the medical robot.
Eartha stares down at the floor with her active mental thoughts. The robot again starts to state something medically about the cold sore on Eartha’s upper lip tissue, but the machine is interrupted by Darsha. Eartha slowly spins around and continues to stare down at the floor. She whispered for her eardrums only. “What did Doc say to me? If you could find the affected human.” She gasps in alarm then whispers again. “If I find the affected human, then Doc can cure the cold sore. A cold sore comes from the contaminated salvia of the infected human. I just need to find that human. I need more medical information from the knowledgeable robot.”
Eartha is sizzling mad that madman scientist Taradiddle. He had fooled her into taking the contaminated medication creating her ugly, blazing, red-tinted cold sore on her lip while working on Planet Pluto. Leer does not look at Eartha anymore. He only watches Purry. She is a rock girl not a living or eating or drinking or dancing or sleeping female human, only a piece of tall lava particle stomping on a pair of rock-coated feet, within a naked rock-coated body.
Two days ago, Eartha had accepted the new Outlaw assignment with both grace and motive. Once she had solved the Outlaw case with the missing kid, she would become a heroine within the eyeballs of Leer. Then she had uncovered and fought with Taradiddle and her life had changed for the worse.
But, now, she feels hope mixed with happiness. The medical robot possesses new information about a cold sore. It is a virus that can be cured healing the ugly site on her pretty face.
Thrusting the group of familiar and working Neptune Outlaws together is an excellent opportunity to find a cure for her lip and rescue her man from Purry. Boodle and Tean are a loving couple and will eventually marry, if one does not become killed on this dangerous trip hunting down 48 pieces of rock formations. Each human is a fool thinking this space adventure is going to be fun.
Taradiddle had planned and implanted his rock-coated army and his successful escape pathway, centuries ago. Then he executed the goal with success. Thus, he is not giving up one art piece working to form his rock army of warriors and then taking over the universe.
Purry is a rock girl, without the evil intentions against the human race, except for Taradiddle, who is not a human, but a Bad One. However, Leer is impressed with Lava Girl and her lava powers while Eartha is jealous and wants her man back.
Once Eartha finds a few of these silly art forms, which are still asleep, Eartha will persuade Darsha to cancel the space adventure and then all of them return back home to Neptune. Then Purry can go back home to Pluto and get out of Eartha’s new black-tinted hair color. Then Eartha will become a heroine in the eyeballs of Leer. She will aid Leer in winning the Fire Star trophy, this season, that provides wealth, security, and freedom of work, only enjoyment of luxury. Then they will get married and share the rest of their days and nights in the Great Dark Spot. The end!
Back inside the health ward, Doc still holds its five wiry arms with an individual medical needle. It stated, “Please, stop wiggling your human body and stand still, cupping your targeted arm with your cupped hand for the upcoming skin tattoo. Please, call out your desired design pattern on your bicep as my bot eardrums can hear the drawing and provide the particular colors unless I use my imagination.” It chuckles with a low baritone timbre.
Tean stated. “I wanna get on my arm bicep a sideways hammer picture with a jagged edge looking mean and nasty. I want the blade in silver hue with red tinted blood proteins dripping off each jagged edge. I want the long handle in rich black hue.” Tean laughs then smiles cupping his arm for the upcoming medical procedure.
Boodle stated. “I wanna a picture of a teddy bear drawing mixed in bright and dull brown and yellow tones. I had always wished for a teddy bear as a child and never got one. Now, my wish can come true,” she giggles then smiles at her husband while standing still for her upcoming arm tattoo.
Darsha stated, “I want a tulip flower in the color of sweet lavender hue with a long curvy tail of greenery.” She smiles at the rear skull on Eartha.
Silence bombards the room.
Darsha continued. “What’s your tattoo design, Eartha?”
Eartha looks up and smiles at the rear skull on Leer. She said. “I wanna a cute gray tinted kitty kitten. I love kittens. I always wanted one on Planet Earth, but each one I met was a troll with fangs,” she giggles at her silly statement.
Leer shakes his bone skull recalling his bad memory.
The deformed kitten had to be spaced off his home world of Neptune. He didn’t want at the time to lose his placement for the Fire Star trophy, so Eartha kindly agreed to murder the kitten by expelling its live body into the ice cold dark outer space molecules for a quick death merciful act.
Leer exhales with a puff of annoyance. He stated, “Sailboat. I wanna a sailing sailboat design on top of the calming pale blue pond waters with a red boat and two sails in the colors of bright orange and pale green hue.”
Doc stated. “I will finish the last step of the medical examination.” Each metal arm slowly flies ahead then taps a sharp needle into each human flesh quickly designing then detailing each tattoo, finishing within one minute. It jerks back each arm and hides it inside the side slot. Each outlaw looks down and rubbed the sore tissue moaning with slight pain. The medical machine stated, “The pain will subside. The tattoo will appear foreverly. This medical tattoo will allow me to measure your body weight, body temperature, blood pressure, heart rate, pulse rate, the rest of your vital signs including every ball of perspiration sweat and each amount of pee stream and pookie pile.” It laughs.
“You’re not funny.” Eartha yelled with a sour frown and rubbed her throbbing arm.
Doc continued. “Your medical examination has completed with success. The current crew members are asked to view their individual living quarters. If you need any additional pieces of equipment for your restful slumber. Tough noogies!” It laughed.
“What!” Eartha yelled. She gasps in shock along with some of the other humans. Purry does not react as she does not require sleep or food or water, only direction towards each 48 missing art pieces.
Tean laughed with amusement. “This is not a pleasure course, people! This is a warship with a war crew and a war purpose finding then eliminating Taradiddle from our universe.”
Doc stated, “Outlaw Tean possess the heart of a lion and the brains of an owl.” It splits its wiry arms pointing at the individual walls. “Leer, Eartha and Purry, you can go ahead and survey your sleeping room. Also, there is a rack of new uniforms for each new crew member also. Go ahead and explore but make it quick!”
Leer spins around with a sour frown and enters the pale blue hallway turning to face the solid metal-tinted wall corner. He views a short and narrow space holding six closed metal doors for six sleeping rooms. He is not picky about his new bedroom arrangement, sliding his body sideways, slamming his hand into the pale blue metal door. The door slides sideways revealing a small square-shaped living space measuring 15 feet wide by 15 feet long by 15 feet high with matching metal pale blue walls and completely empty.
Leer gasps in shock padding into the sleeping room. The sensitive overhead lamps illuminate exposing the emptiness inside the small room. He reaches over and slams the wall.
The entrance door appears then slams shut.
He scoots to the side wall then touches the wall. A new door slides open revealing a tiny rectangular space of nothing again. He exhales with annoyance then slams the side interior wall. A hidden wall slides sideways revealing the tiniest wash sink and toilet seat in dull silver tinted metal in the universe. He reaches out and slams the opposite side wall. The hidden panel slides over and reveals the tiniest stand-up shower stall in silver-tinted metal in the universe also. The body cleaning supply compartments are located inside the shower stall and around the wash sink. He looks up and frowns at the ceiling, where a seam hides a body-blowing machine as a cloth towel is a luxury for the rich citizens, within the Solar System.
Leer back steps from the tiniest lavatory in the world hearing a smooth swish, seeing each wall panel shut.
Space travel is fast inside a Birdie or Beetle or a Caterpillar starship. The Caterpillar starship is shaped like an Earth insect with thousands of mechanic arms, lifting heavy cargo dumps and antennas for vast communications throughout the Solar System.
A family unit does not usually leave their home structure and then explores the Solar System searching for a bad guy. There are numerous outer space jobs, but these jobs do not permanently live on an outer space ship. During these times, there are robot pilots flying robotic ship with supplies all over the solar system. The galaxy is a vast area of outer space which has not been recorded and documented.
Back inside his new temporary living quarters, Leer shuffles ahead and stops in front of the forward wall, slapping the metal. Each object drops down then halts on top of the metal floor without a soft thump featuring a queen-sized bed mattress with matching pale blue bedcovers and two nightstands that featured drawers for personal items.
Leer pads around the bed frame then stops on the opposite side, slamming the metal. A hidden panel reveals a clothes rack with purple tinted uniforms. He exhales with annoyance and is stuck within his new job for a little while longer. If Purry can swiftly find the rest of the 48 art pieces by the end of the work week, then Leer will go back home relaxing first then working on getting the Fire Star award again. Then his life will become an easy leisure for the rest of his days and nights within the Great Dark Spot.
He jerks the uniform from the middle section of the rack slipping off his dirty outlaw uniform, quickly dressing in his new explorer uniform. The outfit possesses two individual parts, a sleeveless shirt with rows of pockets, without an object, and a pair of walking shorts holding vertical columns of front and rear pockets, without an object. The closet rack contains a variety of clothes that fit his body frame including purple tinted short-sleeved and long-sleeved tee shirts, a set of long purple tinted pants, three pairs of purple tinted flip-flops, and three pairs of purple tinted work boots. The upper bar continues to blink n a pale blue tinted light above each hanging item.
Leer does not know the purpose of each blinking light on the rack bar with the clothes and the shoes, but he finds the action really annoying along with his new job. He starts slapping some of the buttons for fun, when each light stops working. He laughs out loud then spins around moving away from the non-blinking closet space. The closet door slowly shut with a soft swish.
Leer exits the room padding down the same pale blue hallway and slips the new outfit over his dirty body. He does not care to freshen his biological and chemical human body as Doc likes to state for its machine fun or annoyance to the humans. He wants to stink up the bridge section invading each nostril. Then he will become fired by Darsha and return home to Planet Neptune.
He arrives inside the sterile-looking, crisp-feeling medical laboratory room then halts seeing Darsha, Tean, Boodle in their dirty Outlaw uniform. This is not their warship, medical laboratory room or living quarters.
Eartha appears and dances around colliding into Leer, back stepping with a wink of fun. She dresses in the same outfit in yellow tinted hue wearing a matching short-sleeved tee shirt underneath the sleeveless top and a pair of matching flip-flops.
Purry appears next rearranging her colorful dots into a sleeveless vest with a pair of long walking shorts that exhibits the rows of pockets. On her rock-coated feet, she has old-fashioned ten rock-coated toes in a pair of rock-coated flip-flops. She stops beside Tean and smiles at her new crew members.
Eartha turns then gags in shock pointing at Purry. She yelled, “What! What are doing, Lava Girl? She looks like me.”
“Nobody likes or looks like you, Eartha.” Leer laughed.
“She…she is wearing a vest and a pair of walking shorts with pockets like my…”
“…warship uniform...” Leer stated. He presses both of his hands over the new clothes nodding with a smile to Purry.
Doc said. “I have one more lecture item before dismissing the current crew members of the Moth. You are viewing the new warship uniforms, Leer and Eartha. Each uniform is comprised of fire resistance materials for your continued life force existence. The uniform is designed for walking around the stone floors, which are not warmly comfortable during space flight. Outer space is cold measuring minus 1,000 degrees and less. Thus, the outer metal on each warship absorbs the cold air currents and spreads the coldness over the floor panels. The row of flame burn engines produces power, light, and heat which heats all floor levels and your biological and chemical human body. So, you can walk around in a pair of naked feet or a pair of neatly flip-flops here on the ship’s floors. The work boots are used during a space-walk or a visit into a new atmosphere as the purpose of the Moth is finding the missing 48 art pieces.”
Boodle asked, “How do you know so much about our secret space mission, Doc?”
“It’s a cold computer. The computers and machines know everything but the location of the next art piece.” Eartha laughed.
Boodle gasped in shock. “A computer knows everything. That’s a smart concept, Eartha.”
Doc is not insulted as the robot presents a cold-feeling, smart-thinking machine. It said, “Each closet space houses an array of short-sleeved and long-sleeved tee shirts that go underneath the sleeveless vest depending on the crew member. There a pair of long pants also for visiting a hostile new atmosphere. My lecture has concluded. You are dismissed.”
Darsha continues to rub her itchy tattoo on her arm bicep and spins around to face the opposite tunnel. She yelled out her command orders. “I’ll lead us. The wall should be up without blocking the passage towards the bridge section. We all go to the bridge first.”
“Excuse me!” Hero announced. It stands upright along the curved wall and orders to the new crew members. “You must come this way. That tunnel entrance is closed off keeping the crew both healthy and happy. Follow me!” It spins around in the air then gently lower down to the floor skating ahead into the new flat tunnel avenue. The Outlaws follow with Purry in the rear.

19:53:40 hours/minutes/seconds (late night of Neptune time within 20 rotational hours)
05:50:23 hours/minutes/seconds (late morning of Saturn time within 10 rotational hours)


At the end of the new tunnel, a bright light illuminates from the bridge section. Hero rolls through the passageway into the new environment followed by Tean, Boodle, Darsha, Eartha, Leer, and finally Purry. Each folded human body crawls out the tunnel hole then slowly stands forming a new semi-crooked line against the curved entrance wall studying the new room.
The room follows the model design of the warship which is a shape of a moth or a very wide structure of the alphabetic letter V. The interior walls are glowing translucent stone without a single window. The front wall displays a straight line of steel which is located below the row of flame burn engines following the curvy wings on an Earth insect creating a long curvy side wall. At the intersection of the straight wall and at the start of the curved steel, a pink tinted thickly padded sitting cushion curves into the wall structure. One thousand feet over, a yellow tinted thickly padded sitting cushion curls into the lower part of the side wall. Following the down-sloping curve on the side wall over thousands of feet again, the rear wall houses a fifty-foot long, black-colored, thickly padded sitting cushion for beauty or fun or guests. Tracking the opposite side wall, thousands of feet, a red tinted thickly padded sitting cushion hugs the curvy wall structure. Tracing the rest of the curved wall, at the intersection of the curved wall and the straight wall in front of the bridge setting, a pale green colored, thickly padded sitting cushion curves into the curved wall.
In the middle of the large room, a purple tinted, thickly padded, circular sitting cushion stands alone and lonely.
Leer slowly breaks the line of outlaws and folds both fists on his fitted waistline moving ahead while scanning the new room environment. He asked, “Where’s the forward windshield and its set of windshield wipers?” He laughs with the others.
Tean points around the naked room of translucent glowing walls chuckling with amusement. He asked, “Where are the command chairs? Where are the command consoles? Where are the command computers and monitors and blinking lights of action? Where are the support crew members? What is this place? Is this another medical laboratory for a sitting or standing or resting human biological and chemical body?” He laughed with the others.
Hero slowly drifts backwards in the and stares at Leer. It announced, “Welcome to the bridge on the Moth! This is the latest, greatest Saturn outer space starship technology. No glass panes. The front and sides on the bridge is comprised of solid metal for his, her, your, and my body safety. No chairs. No consoles. No computers. At least, they do not exist in the hard-core sense.” It laughed like a little girl then releases a low-pitched whistle. The room morphs into a colorful hologram image. The yellow tinted cushion sits behind a matching hologram console that exhibits colorful dials, gears, buttons and levers.
The red tinted long cushion only displays half-a-holographic console of shimmering colorful buttons and gears.
The pale green cushion is stands alone along with the pink tinted sofa and the purple circular cushion.
The line of life forms gasp in shock studying each new console of shimmery colors.
Hero slowly drifts towards a yellow tinted holographic console. It stated, “Let me conduct the short but sweet tour! Before the tour, let me explain that each crew member does not own an official military title per the Outlaw Office. Each person is assigned a temporary mission and possess a job function. The yellow console sits and readies for the Assistant. Eartha has been assigned as the Assistant on the Moth warship.” It slowly floats around the room and hovers beside each item. The non-human, metal-coated communications officer does not possess a set of wiry arms or wiry fingers.
Eartha claps with enthusiasm and pads ahead towards the yellow-tinted console, sitting down, bouncing on the cushion. She said with a smile, “The cushion is real and really is touching my butthole. The fabric is soft but firm. I can reach the lower to middle controls sitting down, but I must stand to reach the upper and extremely buttons and dials and gears.” She swats her finger at the air waves watching for the matching hologram console. She knows how hologram technology works.
“Do not touch a button, Eartha!” Darsha sneers at her troublesome employee while feeling worried nervousness as a new starship captain too.
“I won’t! I’m gliding my hand over the controls getting the feel of the new equipment. The holographic controls, also, sometimes, releases a tiny pop sound then a stinging sensation in my palm, so be care,” she giggled swatting her open palm over the air waves of her new work stations on the new Moth warship.
Hero stands beside the pink tinted cushion. It stated, “This is only a cushion for sitting or lounging or sleeping, if need be. Did you notice on the blinking lights on the rack of clothes? Of course, you did. Then you want ahead and touched some of the flashing lights. Now, these particular pieces of clothes are located and stored down into your personal cushion for accessing anytime for an emergency situation or changing your clothes.”
Eartha gasped in alarm. “No, I will not! This is a public area with many eyeballs. I would never change my clothes here on the bridge section.”
Hero giggled from its speaker box, “I beg to differ, Assistant Eartha. This is a complex space flight mission. We have no idea what we are about to encounter or engage. But your storage bend is filled with your clothes and other necessary space flight ideas. Back to my lecture! Purry is our alley on this new space mission. She is made of rock and cannot touch the holographic controls. So, she sits here during space flight. Purry, could you please come over and take your seat before we begin our long journey?”
Purry smiled slowly padding towards the pink cushion, sitting down, nodding to the row of outlaws in silence, slowly scanning the rest of the bridge setting.
Hero floats over to a light green colored sitting cushion. “The light green cushion does not require a holographic console. This is the seat for the Ambassador position on the Moth warship. The function of the ambassador is…”
“We don’t possess an ambassador,” Leer said. He wears wearing a puzzled brow and views each Outlaw. “What’s an ambassador?”
“I am the ambassador on the Moth warship,” a tiny soprano voice echoed throughout the room. The crew members spin around and view each tunnel entrance seeing nothing.
The voice shouted, “I am here.” A short figure of matching pale green hue slowly stands upright on top of the fake leather-coated cushion. “Over here! I am standing on top of my assigned cushion.” The crew members swing back around and view the green-tinted cushion still seeing nothing.
The short figure of pale green changes colors displaying a head of black tinted cropped hair, a tone of peach-tinted skin, a pair of green tinted eyeballs, wearing a silk, pale green tinted business suit, a pink tinted dress shirt with ruffles at the collar and on each cuff, a pair of red tinted shoes. The short figure stands three feet and two inches displaying human features, gently slapping his chest of ruffles. He told, “I am Ambassador Chip. I hail from Planet Mars. I…”
“…am an It…” Tean points at the short male and laughs out loud. He yelled, “Don’t ya’ll get it! Use and abuse the pun!” The other Outlaws stare at Ambassador Chip with puzzlement.
Leer said with a puzzled brow. “Who are you again?”
Hero floats beside standing taller than the male and stared at the other crew members. It stated, “This is Ambassador Chip.”
Leer laughs and points down at the short male measuring his parallel hand even with his waistline. He yelled, “Chip. Skip. Squirrel. You’re the height of an Earth squirrel. I read about them in my ancient history books at school.”
“What is Leer referencing?” Ambassador Chip said with a puzzled brow.
Tean continues to point and chuckles with amusement. He yelled, “He. He is an It. It is a recreational cyborg, not a human male. The cyborg models are constructed on Planet Mars. Most of the cyborg models are used for constructing bathroom cabinets. How did you become an ambassador, slick?”
“What is a slick?” Chip stated with a stern face.
“Do you see and hear! It does not understand human slang or shit!” He laughs and points at each body part nodding with a smile. Tean stated, “He has a tiny human body based on his tiny human height. His human body is comprised of many, many tiny computer chips that have replaced all his human organs including the heart, the two lungs, the liver, the spleen, the two kidneys, the two intestines and the others which mimic a real human. Thus, he can become destroyed and then replaced with more tiny computer chips.”
Leer huffed with annoyance, “What! When did all of this happen? Where was I at?”
“What is the function of an ambassador, Hero?” Darsha stared at the tiny human male machine.
Hero floats in the air. It said, “I appreciate the question. Please allow me to finish the tour.”
“We see the bridge. We know our mission. Let’s get outta of the work station and into outer space.” Eartha shouted out loud. She waves both of her arms in the air, slamming them down without hitting a hologram console. Her work station is broken or not working or malfunctioning. She continues to swat both of her open palms in the air.
“You have spoken like a true leader, Assistant Eartha.” Hero turned to face and addressed Eartha.
She whispered for her eardrums only. “I am the leader.” She stands upright and crosses her arms puffing out a string of curse words. This space mission is not going as planned by her supervisor Darsha. Eartha is supposed to be the leader of the mission, not Leer. Darsha had tattled that information to Eartha during the space flight trip from Neptune to Saturn. Eartha surveys each Outlaw.
Tean and Boodle are extremely both happy and excited about the space mission. They have planned something secretly.
Darsha is happy but anxious. She wants the space mission to complete then end as soon as possible heading back home to the Great Dark Spot.
Purry is rock solid both literally and figuratively watching the group of humans while trying to act like a human format too. She had morphed her colorful dots into a human outfit, if the human eyeballs studied her colorful dots, like Eartha did. Purry wears a head of long wavy hair strands of colored dots, a sleeveless top and a pair of walking shorts with a pair of naked feet morphing all of her dots into the cute hue of candy pink that matched her new cushion.
Eartha screamed in shock pointing at Purry. “What are you doing, Rock Girl? You can’t become a solid color without morphing into a Bad One.” Each pair of metal and human eyeballs turn and stare at Purry.
Leer is his usual selfish self not desiring to experiment with new toys or new places while whining and complaining about the entire space mission. He viewed Purry then gasped in shock. He asked, “Purry, what have you done to your rock body?”
She reaches out and touches the soft cushion. She said to Leer. “I, now, match my cushion seat like Earth and Leer and Chip.”
Leer said with confusion, “But...but I thought a solid colorful presentation of your accumulated rock dots represents a Bad One. You don’t wanna become a Bad One. We need you to stay a Good One and destroy all the art pieces for the human species.”
Purry said. “A Bad One is comprised of uneven dots and colors. However, my outer rocks are colored in pink. My interior dots are still evenly comprised of the right composite. Don’t worry, Leer!” she imitates a flirting human wink to Leer. “I’ll still a Good One.” She laughs with the other crew members but Eartha. Eartha sneers at her directly female competition for Leer’s attention.
He said with a puzzled brow. “I’m worried but curious. Why isn’t Squirrel dressed in a warship uniform and bare feet too?”
“I am named Chip,” The cyborg stated. He nods and slaps his tiny chest made of metal under his clothing. “I am the ambassador of the Moth. I am required to visit each new planet of new peoples retrieving the art piece. I know like you. The art piece had been acquired by a buyer. Our space mission is to find the art piece and then negotiate its return back to the ship.”
“No! No! No! That piece of sleepy rock warrior is not coming back to my ship for any reason.” Leer sneered shaking his curls, waving both of his arms in the air.
Hero stated. “Spoken like a true leader, pilot Leer! However, I must point out here. We do not know the condition of each art piece or the honest intention or the nasty motion from each buyer. Thus, Ambassador Chip will assume the role of negotiator for the acquiring each art piece. So, he needs to appear like a normal human, not a silly kid in a pair of walking shorts and bare feet.” It giggled and floated towards the red tinted cushion. “This cushion represents…”
“Me!” The baritone timber echoed throughout the quiet bridge room. A tall, athletic body frame exhibits both human muscles and metal parts slowly standing very tall and upright balanced on top of the stone floor. Every face turns and gasps in shock. The figure slowly slides sideways from the tunnel hole and slaps his chest moving ahead towards the red tinted cushion seat. “I am named Stoker. I stoke the fire in the flame burn engines which are located down below.” He stops and stands beside Hero.
“What are you?” Leer rudely stared.
“He’s the bionic man.” Tean smiles at the part man and part machine life form.
Stoker stops then spins around facing his new crew mates, “Once upon a time I was a human male. A stoker babysits the flame burn engines for their working job. However, sometimes, a human limb or leg gets seriously burnt. Then the limb or leg is removed from the human body for the safety and well-being of the human body. I trained as a junior guy then became a stoker at sixteen years old and performed my job for ten years.” He chuckles and slaps his metal arm, “Don’t get scared! I love my job and my job literally loves me. You can see that I am part metal and part man, but I think like a man and only appear like a machine.” Each head nods in silence and as each pair of eyeballs stare at the unique monster. Silence invades the artificial air waves.
Purry stands with puzzlement then quickly moves ahead and finally stops staring at the strange human. One arm is comprised of thick steel with five steel-plated flexible fingers on a matching metal hand with super power mechanical strength. His other arm is composed of muscles with human red tinted flesh, hidden bones, and flowing blood proteins. His bone skull is bald without a single stitch of hair. One eye socket displays a violet tinted pupil; the other one is mechanical with a fake violet tinted glass eye that is very enhanced with tiny computer chips for super vision. Both of his legs are made of thick pieces of silver tinted metal with a pair of slides, not a pair of fake human feet, which are also enhanced with super human strength.
She continues to stare at Stoker. Purry has studied several types of different human species, but this one is completely different. Purry reaches out and touches his metal arm spilling some of her tiny colorful dots over the materials.
Stoker gasps in shock and stares with a goofy smile at the far curved wall of solid steel. He said, “Wow! Ah! I see images, very vivid and real. The River of Lava swirls and twirls side to side and forms a series of pretty individual lava-colored bubbles that pop open, showing an individual rock palm or a rock head or a rock foot. Each rock person floats to the surface and climbs his or her rock body over the rocky bank on each flowing and glittering River of Lava, standing and waving his or her rock-coated hand or both of their rock-coated arms with their crooked rocky smile at the person, who stand on a slab of colorful concrete on an hour-glass building of glittering gel. The moonlight of Charon’s beam bombards each natives of Pluto. The Good Ones wave and cheer for their leader. There are millions and millions of rock people, creating a rock nation. I can view miles and miles and miles of rock houses beside a lava river that curves over the planet from a tall rooftop. Purry…”
Leer waves both of his arms in the air then sneers at Purry. He yelled, “Right toe! That’s enough of our shared past Solar System history, ya’ll. What happened to you, Stoker? How can you see images of a dead burnt planet on the other side of the Solar System? Is there something wrong with you or her or me here?” He slaps both of his hands on his walking shorts.
“There is something right here,” Chip stated. He nods to Stoker then spins around smiling at Leer. “I do believe that I can narrate the previous vocal event for all eardrums. Purry, our new ally and friend, comes from Dwarf planet Pluto and is comprised of rock. The mineral of sulfur is an essential component within all living cells there and here. Sulfur is 02.50 hardness, a low gravity of 02.07, and a low melting point of 226 degrees Fahrenheit. Sulfur is the eighth most abundant element within the human body. For example, a 150-pound human body contains 140 grams of sulfur. The sulfur mineral naturally appears in sedimentary rocks and earthly encrusting forms on hot springs, fumaroles, and volcanic vents.”
“He’s not a rock. She’s the rock, Computer Chip!” Eartha said pointing at each person then laughs slapping her hand on her leg.
Chip continued, “Sulfur mineral is present in a hard rock which is mined from the earth soil and then it is melted down in a liquid along with the other earth minerals creating a piece of steel material like the one on Stoker’s arm and legs.
She flips both of her hands in the air then looks down at the console. She stated, “We get it! We see it! Stop wailing and weeping! Rock on!” Eartha laughs at the old Earth expression.
“So, the sulfur from her rocks were talking to the sulfur mineral in his metal arm, is that correct, Chip?” Boodle smiled.
Chip turned and nodded to Boodle. “That’s an inaccurate scientific demonstration but basically the essence of my prior speech of melting minerals…”
Leer laughed. “Great! It, it is a walking and talking computer, too!”
“I do believe that I have been insulted, sir.” Chip said with a sour frown.
Tean laughed, “I thought a computer didn’t react with a set of machine or human emotions.”
“I am a human plus parts of metal products. I am not a machine.” Chip huffed with human annoyance at the human male.
Eartha pointed at Stoker with laughter. “He’s the machine. You’re only a computer chip, Chip!” She chuckles with the others but Purry.
Darsha ordered dancing with annoyance. “Finish the tour, Hero! I’m quite eager to get going with our space mission and find Taradiddle before he destroys our universe.”
Hero stated. “The red tinted console is reserved for Stoker and his assigned duties. Moving on! The rear cushion does nothing but look pretty and is comfortable for a visiting guest. However, due to the dangerous mission of our space flight, it is well advised not to offer a visitor any comforters here…”
“…especially for Tarafiddle…” Leer laughed with the others. Hero flies ahead then halts in front of the purple tinted cushion.
“Ooo!” Eartha smiled. She fiddles around with the cushion making the object dance on the floor. “The large soft cushion also moves and creates a sitting chair or a lounging chair or a sleeping bed mattress. It can morph into a sitting chair with side arms and lifts the padded seat form the base.”
Hero stated, “That is correct, Assistant Eartha. The chair can be controlled by the console gears or by your hand movements or by your voice commands, if you use the programmable features which are located on the side of the cushion. Now, back to the purple cushion, that stands alone and lonely in the middle of the bridge room. This is the cushion for the pilot of the Moth. Leer is assigned as the pilot.”
“What!” She yelled looking up, sneering at her supervisor, “What is this, Darsha?” Eartha slaps her chest and sneers again at Darsha shouting in anger. “I’m supposed to be the pilot of the warship. Leer can’t fly his way outta of a paper bag.”
“What did she say? Her statement is both very confusing and slightly funny, since I do not know a paper bag. Is a paper bag a person or a pet or a piece of property?” Hero said.
“It’s an ancient Earth expression of imagination.” Eartha said with a sour frown.
“Leer is the leader of the Outlaw exploration crew. The leader’s main duty is piloting the ship, leading the crew members, hunting down the next art piece.”
“Shush, Eartha! Good luck as the warship’s pilot, Leer! Finish the tour, Hero!” Darsha stated.
Hero does not possess arms or hands staring at each crew member. It stated, “Each crew member, please, come ahead and take your position at your assigned cushion. I have more instructions.”
Eartha rushes ahead and then stands in front of the pink tinted cushion wearing a smile, slamming her human hand in the air. A pink tinted hologram console appears showing the status of F-bombs and numerous gears for controlling the deadly weapons. She waves both of her arms in the air. She shouted out loud, “What a team! What a team!” She points at each crew member. “We got a bionic man, a cyborg guy, a careless pilot, a killer girl.” She slaps her chest and nods with a chuckle, “Well, I guess I’m the killer girl with my console of death and destruction and …”
Darsha sneered at her employee, “Shut it, Eartha!”
Hero floats in front of the purple colored circular cushion and stares at Eartha. It ordered, “Assistant Eartha, you are standing in front of the wrong cushion Clearly, your uniform is colored in green. Clearly, Purry is colored in pink hue. Please immediately remove your person from the cushion and cut off the hologram console, Assistant Eartha, who is color-coded in yellow hue.”
“What! What do you mean, Zero? Who gets to launch all the F-bombs?” Earth frowned. She slaps her chest and nods with a stern face. “I do that. I’m a deadly and dangerous outlaw. Why isn’t my uniform colored in pink? I like the color of pink.” She continues to slap her uniform feeling confusion.
Hero stated again without the human emotions, “Move, Assistant Eartha…”
“Asshole Eartha!” Leer whispered for his eardrums only.
“…to your color-coded cushion of pale yellow hue.” Hero ordered.
Darsha ordered. “Move away from the cushion, before I have to handcuff you, ma’am!” She laughs with the others but Eartha.
Eartha sneered scooting away from the glowing pink tinted hologram console. Then the console disappears leaving only a pink tinted cushion. She stops and sits down on the matching yellow tinted cushion swishing her hand in the air. A hologram console does not appear. She complained, “Just perfect! My hologram console is all broken!”
Hero continued. “I will repeat each crew function for personal and business clarification. Leer is pilot.” Eartha snorted with annoyance. The robot stated. “Eartha is the assistant. Stoker is the stoker. Chip is the ambassador. And completing the crew list, Purry is the ally, who will terminate each discovered art piece…”
“…then she can go back home to a burnt Pluto.” Eartha whispered with a sneer at the rock-coated back spine on Purry, who still flirted with Stoker. She exhales with frustration then shouts out loud, “Well, now, that sounds all good and neat. We have found and disposed of the first art piece. There are 48 art pieces left. What do we do now, Leer? Where do we go now, Leer? What is your next command, Leer?”
Leer continues to stand in front of the purple tinted cushion and exhales with frustration. He does not want to be present here and now he is here and in charge of a mixed crew of smartasses and a smart warship, to boot.
“Hero, will my warship appear like this one?” Darsha asked. She stands behind the center cushion and wears a smile wiggling with excitement, commanding her own starship. She is not a natural outer space captain but a natural leader using her delicate touch of ambition towards her permanent retirement luxurious plans on her home world of Planet Neptune.
Hero is programmed to hear then response to each question. It stated, “Each warship is nicknamed as a Moth and is designed with the same insect layout.”
Tean yelled, “That’s great!” He wears his Neptune shorts and tee shirt standing between Darsha and his girl Boodle rubbing both of his palms together while nodding with a smile. “I’m eager to see my own warship, Hero.” He turns and smiles at his girl Boodle.
“Does each warship come with you as its new homeroom teacher, Hero?” Boodle laughed with Tean.
“This ship design and mechanical crew pieces are both precise and exact, like me.” Hero stated.
“Then let’s go and get this hunting party started! Left toe!” Tean laughed with excitement.
“Let’s figure out how to fly the ship through outer space first.” Leer frowned at the solid curvy walls of glittering stone. “Hero, how do I fly a ship viewing a solid wall of rock? I can’t fly blind.”
Hero slowly whirls around the room following the curvy wall while completing a circle then stands in front of Leer. It stated, “In outer space, this ship appears very differently. I will demonstrate by accessing the training program that was used by the builders of this vessel.” The robot whistles. The walls do not change. A white tinted mist appears and covers each person filled with colorful objects. Hero explained. “This is a virtual cloud. The white tinted cloud is called the Mist Cloud. The Mist Cloud is an interactive devise with the body of assigned pilot, where the assigned pilot guides the warship around the visually true flying stars and rotating plants.”
Tean reaches up and touches a colorful planet, smiling at the technology. He said, “This is so cool!”
Eartha gasped then laughed reaching out trying to touch a blue, green and yellow planet. Her finger went through the fine white mist. She said, “This is stolen technology from Planet Earth. Down there on Earth, humans are not humans. Each human is missing some limbs and some eyeballs and some nose holes and other body parts. So, they created this technology with a touch of a warm human skin that glides the ship over the deep waters, on the land surface, and through outer space. You stole it and then replicated making it better for our purposes of living or hunting within outer space.”
Hero stated. “Yes, we did. This specific colorful Mist cloud is a selected sector from the Milky Way Galaxy which is a finite entity here within the interior walls on this warship. However, the galaxy is not finite, in case, you do not know that. The pilot of each craft wills the warship flight pattern using the Mist concept. Leer will reach out the touch the particular celestial object with finger pad or nose tip or his naked toe pad or another naked part of his human body which activates the flame burn engines on the front grill of the ship. Then the ship flies ahead towards that object. Only the pilot can touch the Mist field. Else, panic then death will follow the crew and the ship.”
“Let’s go! Let’s go! Left toe!” Tean yelled. He claps and laughs with delight nodding his bone skull. “I wanna go and get to my command ship and see the Mist Cloud and the twinkling stars and the rotating planets too.”
Eartha slams some of the colorful objects within her sitting space. She stated with annoyance. “This is all grand and all, ya’ll. However, we don’t know the location of the next art piece. So, we…”
“... have an incoming message from the Outlaw Office which is acting like warship’s Command Center. The next object is located on Phoebe moon, which is one of the 150 moon and moonlets that orbit Saturn.” Hero stated.
Tean yelled, “Yeah! Our first mission assignment has arrived! Let’s go! Left toe!” He scoots sideways and collides into his girl Boodle, kissing her forehead, pulling back with a smile of excitement.
Hero ordered. “Current crew member, come and assume your assigned position.”
Purry smiled at Stoker. She swirls around strolling towards the pink tinted cushion in the front wall on the opposite of the room. Stoker shuffles sideways then assumes his position in the red cushion. Chip assumes his sitting position on the pale green cushion.
Eartha shakes her long black-colored hair and softly mumbles her frustration still standing behind her assigned yellow tinted console and cushion.
Leer exhales with annoyance and pads to the cushion stopping behind the cushion, staring at the naked wall of steel.
Hero said without shaking a metal skull or using a pair of wiry fingers. “The two moons of Prometheus and Pandora are located on the F-Ring. Pan moon is located on the B-Ring. Atlas moon is on the outer edge of the A-ring. Janus and Epimetheus moons are located on the G-ring. And the moons of Mimas, Enceladus, Tethys, and Dione are located on the E-ring. Rhea, Titan, Hyperion, Iapetus, and Phoebe is located on the outer rim of Saturn.”
Leer said. He halts behind the cushion and gasps in shock. “The Hyperion moon is locked in a resonance pose with the Titan moon.”
Eartha turned and winked at Leer, “Ah! I’m impressed. Leer has recalled the moonlet order coming out from the surface on Planet Saturn.”
“Why are you teasing pilot Leer, Eartha?” Chip said. He sits on top of the cushion and wears a frown at the crew member.
Eartha laughed. “You should see. You should feel. You should know very soonest.” She spins around and laughs again staring at the nose profile on Leer. She is in charge of nothing, unless she wants to eliminate Leer.
Hero stated to Pilot Leer. “The next art piece has been located and confirmed to be living on the Phoebe moon which is embedded in the Phoebe Ring.”
Leer gasps again and waves both of his hands near his sour frown. He said to Hero. “The Phoebe Ring is a faint dust storm that extends 7.4 million miles from Saturn. One billion Planet Earths could fit inside that faint dust storm. The Phoebe Ring is the largest dust storm in the galaxy. And it is comprised of ice and dust when it collides into comets that covers up a faintly hidden Phoebe moon. And the Phoebe Ring and Phoebe moon orbit in a plane inclined at 27 degrees to Saturn’s other rings. And Iapetus moon orbits in the opposite direction of Phoebe moon within the Phoebe Ring.” He drops both of his hands slamming them down into his legs and shakes his long curls viewing the metal floor and ponders his mental thoughts. He feels his flipping stomach of nerves.
“Leer learned his planetary courses, very well.” Darsha said to Hero. She ordered with a smile to the other Outlaws, “Time to go, kids! We have our first outer space mission going to the Phoebe moon within the Phoebe Ring. Now, since I’m the captain and pilot of my own warship, I order the other two ships flying from Saturn then stop and orbit Rhea, the second largest moon for Saturn. Our communications officer will monitor the situation. If Taradiddle shows up, then we will fire at the ship ending our first intragalactic mission, returning back home as a set of heroes.” She spins around and whirls away from Hero moving to the side wall with tunnel hole then disappears from the bridge room. Darsha does not need any verbal or written or electronic directions to her warship. Space life and some planetary lifestyles consists of machines. Her own metal Communications Officer is waiting for her person outside her warship. She hopes her command ship is not colored in pink hue. Tean and Boodle follows Darsha from the bridge section.
On top of the bridge floor, Hero continues to stand in front of the purple tinted cushion staring at the blonde colored hair roots on Leer, whistling through its exposed speakers again. The Mist field disappears. A new image of shiny pale blue tinted walls becomes glued to the interior walls.
“What is this?” Eartha states. She slowly whirls on top of the cushion and wears a puzzled brow staring at the image on the curved wall.
“This colorful image represents the truly curved interior rock walls of hydrogen minerals inside the Ship Shop.” Hero stated. “Captain Darsha and Captain Tean and his team members have left our warship walking to their individual warship. I have activated the Mist Cloud, inside the Moth warship. The ship and its crew are still grounded on the top of dirty floor inside the Ship Shop, so the Mist cloud is duplicating our environment on the continuous curvy, sexy metal wall.” The ship slowly lifts off the floor floating in the air like magic.
Leer continues to sit and leans down touching the floor, gasping in shock. He shouted in panic and fear, “Why! How! Why are we floating upwards without the power of the flames? I thought I was the pilot here. The flame burn engines are not ignited. Are the flame burn engines ignited? I don’t hear them.”
“You can’t hear a flame burn engine. A fire of flames does have a sound but a tiny sound in outer space. The flame burn engines are not powered on.” Stoker stated. He continues to sit and monitors the outer wings on the warship, which is his job on the bridge, staring down at the hologram console.
Hero slowly flies sideways then halts against the curved wall away from the crew member. It explained the process. “I am the reference officer. I signal the Ship Shop command center that the Moth is ready to launch. The Ship Shop controller drops the horizonal clear wall protecting the ship and the other ships from the massive sheet of helium rain first. Second, the ceiling panel opens raining down sheets of helium molecules. Now, the heavy ship, without power but with the crew members, is magically floating and drifting with the numerous helium minerals that escape upwards from the cave through the natural vortice tunnel towards the outer space waves. We are floating upwards.”
Chip stated. He continues to sit on top of the green tinted cushion that matches his business suit, watching the walls, without feeling the rain sheets, “In ancient galactic mythology lore, the word, moth, means, the messenger of death and the symbol of death.”
“That’s so apropos! We’re sending a direct message to you, Taradiddle. You’re a dead space dummy.” Earth laughed.
Stoker said. “Each launch cavern becomes comprised of helium molecules, after the ceiling panel is open. Even in outer space, the mineral of helium escapes from the Saturn’s North Pole surface drifting up through the cave and then releases into the outer space waves. Thus, the warship is slowly lifting up from the floor with the aid of the escaping helium minerals and without the power of each flame burn engine clearing the circular cavern walls.
The upper walls change into sheets of orange tinted helium raindrops hitting the outer panels on the ship. The interior wall inside the bridge section displays a holographic image of the raindrops falling on each crew member. Eartha smiles and reaches out, without really touching the objects.
Hero stated. “This is the Mist Cloud. The sheets are the orange tinted helium raindrops pounding the cavern interior, without a built-in cavern ceiling for the human citizens. Inside the bridge section, the curvy wall and the interior air currents has morphed into harmless sheets of rain.”
Each crew member enjoys the new feature of the ship. The lower portion of the walls still display the falling orange tinted rain. But the top portion within the cloud changes into a colored field forming yellow, and brown hues.
Hero stated. Its solid metal arm points at the front and then the side walls slowly twirling around in place. “The warship is drifting up through the natural formation, the North Pole Vortex. Planet Saturn is the flattest world within the Solar System. The equator measures 74,898 miles in diameter. Both the northern and southern poles measure 67,560 miles in diameter, which is ten percent less than the equator, so Planet Saturn is mostly oblate or flattened at each pole. The oblate effect at each pole is due to the rotational acceleration that cancels a larger fraction of the planet’s gravity at the equation.”

00:27:17 hours/minutes/seconds (early morning on Neptune within 20 rotational hours)
06:25:08 hours/minutes/seconds (late morning on Saturn within 10 rotational hours)

Black tinted background
   with glowing rings and twinkling stars


“You’re the shortest man in the universe, Potato Chip.” Leer laughed. The pink-tinted warship halts and then hovers several miles above a set of scarlet-colored, extremely loud-sounding array of thunder rainclouds while drifting slowly forward within the outer space molecules. He slowly stands upright from the purple-tinted sitting cushion and whispers with a smile at the Mist Cloud, “Look at that!”
Stoker continues to sit and smiles at the same Mist Cloud showing a new colorful outer space environment beyond the planet of Saturn. He works in outer space and has seen many places without the Solar System but is very impressed with the new sight as he continues to perform his outer space job, in silence.
Chip stands and smiles at the Mist Cloud. He stated, “The view is breathtaking.”
Eartha stands and grins at the Mist Cloud. She said, “Taking my breath away. I can see every tiny object within the Solar System.”
Hero rolls over the flat floor sounding with an array of soft musical beeps and blinking lights on his orange-tinted metal body slowly lifting off the floor, standing in the air and broadcasts to the crew members. It stated, “I am sorry for my delay. The radio waves also have this effect on my machine circuits and rubber cables, and copper wires. We have successful exited out of the North Pole Vortex and have arrived above the scarlet colored but extremely loud thunderstorm rain clouds over Planet Saturn. The Moth warship is drifting forward within the cold, dark outer space environment without running the flame-burn engines, Leer.”
Both Eartha and Purry slowly stand from their sitting cushion, without a hologram console, wearing a smile, slowly reaching out and gently touch each object. The object smears sideways, and then it quickly reforms back into its original hologram shape.
Within the curved stone walls in the bridge room, the Mist Cloud projects trillions of space miles within a colorful, active outer space environment.
The Mist Cloud field parameter is physically limited slamming the fluffy materials into each curved wall, the floor, and the ceiling inside the bridge room, showing a miniaturized section of an alive and thriving Solar System while displaying trillions of miles of colorful object among a rich, black-tinted background. On top of the black hue, like a painting, an array of bright twinkling hues in whites, blues, greens, oranges, reds, and yellows stars, which are called globular clusters, kiss each curved stone wall, showing the outer edges of the Solar System, where all humans live and thrive in both peace and harmony, yesterday. The walls of twinkling stars cradle all the bright or dull colorful planets, an array of bigger stars, flying comets, and twirling asteroids.
Hero is a machine life form, but its computer programming recognizes the human intrigue emotion from the new Mist Cloud technology within each crew member. The robot narrated softly. “Our Solar System is 4.6 billion years old. The Solar System contains 1,040,000 asteroids, 6,900 flying comets, eight planets, five dwarf planets, and 600 moons and counting. There are more planets than stars within our massive mighty Solar System. Eight planets and 24,000 individual objects orbit in an eastwardly direction around our Solar Sun. Our Solar System orbits the center of the Milky Way Galaxy at 515,000 miles-per-hour and is 5,800,000,000,000 miles in width. The galaxy takes 230,000,000 years to complete one orbit around the center.
“The Solar Sun is colored in a brilliant yellow hue and is classified as a yellow dwarf star and located in the middle of our ship’s Mist Cloud too, for visual and location purposes, humans. Tiny solar flares of gas violently leap off the round-shaped ball racing and perturbing all the outer space molecules until the flares hit another celestial set of individual objects.
“All the planets, stars, comets and asteroids are colorful due to the individual soil and sky elements and each one is pulled into the gravitational field around our Solar Sun making space travel within our Solar System very easy and nicely safe. Each planet, exoplanet, star, comet, and asteroid soars on an original flight path in an eastern direction going around the center of our Solar System, the fixed Solar Sun’s position, completing each long and wide circle and starts all over again while sailing for billions of years.
“Note here. The Mist Cloud is a picture of real-time within the Solar System. You are seeing the flight path of each planet, dwarf planet, exoplanet, star, dwarf star, comet, asteroid, and meteoroid within the Mist Cloud. I do not know how long the first Outlaw space mission will take in terms of minutes, hours, days, years or decades, but you will see the orbital flight path of each object slowly shuffle towards the Solar Sun, if we are…”
“Hold up right there, Zero!” Leer said with a frown at the Mist Cloud. “We all can see the beautiful cosmos right here and right now. But we all hope to see a steaming dinner plate of fresh food later in the day, based on Neptune time,” he chuckles with both Eartha and Stoker.
Hero continues without commenting on Leer’s statement as the robot is designed to provide factual information about numerous topics, not legal or financial or personal opinion to a human life form. It stated, “Based on the current configuration pattern, within the active Mist Cloud, inside the outer space western quadrant, which is parallel to the fixed yellow tinted Solar Sun’s position, Planet Mercury is the smallest, the faster, and the closest planet curving due west in the hue of brightly tinted pale blue spotted dots zipping its assigned orbit around the Solar Sun in first place, within 88 days, based on Earth time, of course. If our space mission is longer than 88 days, we shall see a second orbital path from Planet Mercury.
“Inside the outer space northwest quadrant, located slightly above the fixed Solar Sun’s position, Planet Venus lies directly above Mercury flying in a northwesterly direction and appears in colors of a bright fuchsia hue. Planet Venus spins in the opposite direction with a thick atmosphere of boiling gases that traps sizzling heat creating a wild greenhouse effect making it the hottest, sexy planet within our Solar System.
“Within the outer space northern quadrant, which is above the yellow tinted Solar Sun, Eros is a green-tinted, ancient asteroid and travels due north towards the yellow tinted Solar Sun trailing billions of miles behind a fuchsia-colored Venus.
“Temple is the name of largest Jupiter comet and appears in peach tone flying slightly northeast but moves above the yellow-tinted Solar Sun’s position and soars far above on a parallel course with an amethyst colored Vesta asteroid and a pale green tinted Eros asteroid. Comet Temple’s orbit soars between two orbits of Jupiter and Mars but flies closer towards the flight path on Jupiter.
“In the northeastern quadrant, outer space is crowded but beautiful tonight or today or right now, within the current picture of the Mist Cloud. Planet Earth glows in sapphire blue as the globe is comprised seventy percent of deep dark blue tinted seas of liquid water and lies slightly northeast of the Solar Sun slowly making completing another orbit.
“Bennu Asteroid is chasing after a sapphire blue glowing Planet Earth and sails above a red tinted Mars within the Goldilocks Zone.
“Far above the three other gas planets, Planet Uranus appears in lavender hue and flies in a northeastern direction coming towards the Solar Sun position without perturbing any of the celestial bodies. The planet is tipped on its axis by 90 degrees making the world spin sideways glowing lavender tones. I think, I have a headache.” Hero pauses its science lecture for human reactions but does not hear a human comment or a funny human sound.
The robot continues, “Within the outer space eastern quadrant, a red-tinted Planet Mars lies below a sapphire glowing Earth sailing due east from a yellow tinted Solar Sun working on completing its circle pathway. Mars is a dusty, cold, desert world with a thin atmosphere. Billions of years ago, Mars once was a wet and warm world with a thick atmosphere.
“Psyche Asteroid appears in a rose color following the amethyst-colored tail orbit on Vesta and flies on a parallel course millions of miles above the red tinted Mars.
“Dwarf planet, a rocky white-tinted Ceres follows by billions of miles the long, dusty, rose-colored tail orbit on Psyche and travels slightly east from the yellow tinted Solar Sun’s position soaring within its home, the Main Asteroid Belt. Ceres is both heavily and heavenly cratered with thick ice pockets that lie on the surface and under the ground.
“Within the outer space southwestern quadrant, Planet Jupiter appears in bright orange hue and soars below the fixed Solar Sun’s position and is the largest world within the Solar System. The infamous and overcrowded red tinted hot spot is a hurricane storm bigger than the diameter measurement of Planet Earth.
“Wild 2 glows in turquoise hue and is the name of a short comet flying millions of miles ahead of an orange tinted Jupiter.
“Planet Saturn appears in chartreuse hue and runs almost a parallel course with Jupiter’s assigned orbit and lies below an orange tinted Jupiter with all of its colorful and oddly shaped 82 moons.  A yellowish-green chartreuse Saturn shines the brightest among all the spinning planets dazzling with her numerous shiny, colorful ice-covered rings.
“Within the southern outer space quadrant, inside the Mist Cloud, Churyumov-Gerasmaenko Comet displays a dark blue head and a matching tail of ice and rock particles following billions of miles behind a bright white-tinted Ceres and lies billions of miles due south from the yellow tinted, fixed Solar Sun’s position.
“Hale-Bopp Comet displays a lovely periwinkle blue tail of ice and rock pellets traveling southwest cutting through the orbit pathways of three planets, a fuchsia-colored Venus, a red-colored Mars, and a hunter green colored Pluto heading back to the edge of the Kuiper Belt, where it will begin its orbital trip again around the Solar Sun.
“Pluto is colored in hunter green due to the violent rays of red lava storms and yellow fires as the tones of red and yellow mix into the color of green. At few hours ago, Pluto was covered in a pretty arrange of pink pockets and blue splatters with colorful bands of red hue.
“I heard that, Zero!” Leer sneers at the knowledgeable robot. He was not responsible for the destruction of Pluto. But he leads the first Outlaw outer space mission to find that nasty villain.
“Pluto is classified as a dwarf planet, based on ancient science earthlings, of course, and flies its lonely orbit below all the colorful planets billions of miles from the Solar Sun’s position running a parallel flight path with the amber colored Amokeith Asteroid, inside the Kuiper Belt. Pluto is…was the brightest smallest object within the Solar System.
“A crimson tinted, dwarf planet Makemake chases after a salmon-tinted Haumea dwarf planet for fun. Just kidding! The natural orbit pathway for both dwarf planets goes backwards from an eastern pathway into a western pathway that still orbits the Solar Sun, in a backwards way. All of this was created by the Creator. Both colorful dwarf planets currently lie extremely due south of the yellow tinted Solar Sun’s position and runs very close towards the edge of the Solar System, inside the Kuiper Belt.
“Makemake dwarf planet contains a white-tinted center surrounding with fine narrow rings of crimson hue, which is the brightest object within the Kuiper Belt. Makemake lies 4,929,000,000,000 miles from the yellow tinted Solar Sun.
“Makemake, Haumea, Eris, and Pluto are classified as an individual dwarf planet that lives within the Kuiper Belt. A dwarf planet is a massive, round object that orbits the Solar Sun.
“The Main Asteroid Belt forms a tight circle between the orbits of Planet Jupiter and Planet Mars and is colored in a lovely...”
Then the miniaturized shaped Mist Field disappears and is replaced with a red-tinted hologram face showing supervisor Darsha. The crew members gasp in shock and stare at the rotating hologram head experiencing fear, fright and confusion.
“What!” Eartha laughed, “That’s not a lovely site! What in the universe are you doing inside our bridge room, Darsha?” She performs a nasty snake hiss at her deceptive supervisor.
Darsha stated. “Well, I see that all of you are enjoying the new picture of the Solar System coming from the new Mist Cloud field technology. The field technology has numerous different and intriguing versions. For your information, when a hologram image or face comes onto your bridge floor, the Mist Field will disappear and then show that current hologram image coming from a second or third or fourth outside force. So, I’m right here and right now to assist Hero in explaining the Mist Cloud technology. Now, I don’t wanna scare you…”
“Too late!” Eartha yelled. She crosses her arm and snarls at Darsha.
Darsha ordered, “I’m going to disappear now and then become replaced with a larger Mist Cloud.” Her face with a bright smile vanishes and is replaced by a new image within the Mist Cloud. The ceiling displays the scarlet tinted rainclouds with bright bolts of yellow tinted lightning strikes. One side wall presents the northern surface of Saturn with a bright blue horizontal band first then the wider pale green tinted band. From the surface, the Mist Cloud displays the northern and eastern sides of the Saturn’s Ring System including dots of colorful moons.
Eartha smiled. “The Titan Moon is huge in a greenish-yellow hue.”
Stoker smiled. “Dione is the smaller moon orbiting Saturn and is colored in a wine hue standing almost below my feet.”
Chip smiled. “The Enceladus moon is the brightest in a lovely lavender hue spurting out volcanic plumes from its southern pole.”
Purry spins around and points to the rear of the bridge room. She said, “I can see half of Planet Saturn on the rear wall.”
Leer wiggles his arms and states with nervousness. He ordered, “Be quiet! Sit down! I need to concentrate…”
“…on the Mist Cloud,” Hero stands against the curved wall. It stated. “The Mist Cloud is the…”
“Where’s Planet Earth located on this newer, enlarged Mist Cloud map?” Chip asked the silly question.
Eartha frowned, “Who cares?”
Hero answers as the robot is programmed to address all human questions. It stated, “Planet Earth is a tiny blue dot posed at the four o’clock position which can be viewed between the G and F Rings far above the sphere of Planet Saturn.”
“Thank you so much for sharing that information, Hero!” Chip smiled. “I see it.”
Hero also studies the Mist Cloud, in silence, then its programming computer circuits kicks into active mode reminding the humans of their human mission against the human-alien criminal. It ordered, “Leer, the math distance in outer space waves is 1,360,000,000 miles from the surface of Planet Saturn to the surface on Planet Earth. Is that our first travel destination?”
Eartha shakes her curls and gasps in shock turning to stare at Leer. She asked, “Are we traveling to Earth to hide and then attack Taradiddle?”
Purry turns and smiles at Leer feeling excitement among bother her rocks and human bones. She asked, “Are we going to visit Planet Earth? I want to see Planet Earth and where the Bad One came from too.”
Stoker frowned. “Is Planet Earth our first outer space Outlaw mission here? I was not told that information in advance.”
Leer shouted. “No! No! No! I’ve addressed everyone’s questions. Right toe! No! No one goes to Earth with a sane human or machine mind. Do you have other stuff to tell us, Zero, before we start our space flight mission to find Tarafiddle?”
“The name of the villain is called Commander Taradiddle, Captain Leer,” Hero continued. “Planet Saturn’s Ring System were discovered in the year 1610 A.D. on Planet Earth by earthling scientist Galileo Galilei.”
“I like that name.” Chip chuckled.
“I wasn’t born back then either,” Stoker smiled.
“We all know that shared information, Zero.” Eartha hissed.
The robot continued unperturbed or disturbed by the human comments. “Planet Saturn is tilted which causes it to wobble sideways along with its prominent unique feature, its rings. The Saturn rings possess numerous gaps of empty space in-between each outward flowing but fixed circle of color. Each ring is composed of elongated clumps of ice chunks that continually form and then disperse between the empty spaces within the ring formation.”
“A reoccurring patten, methinks!” Chip chuckled.
“Within each ring, some of the largest chunks of ice are a few miles across the outer space molecules.”
He asked, “If our warship hits a large chunky ice mountain, do we get harmed?”
“We get killed.” Stoker laughed. “Does that address your silly question, Potato Chip?”
“O!” Chip frowned.
Hero continued, “Moon Rhea is the oldest of the Saturn’s moons.”
Leer sneers and studies the Mist cloud. He yelled, “That’s not…
“…the science lesson for the day, Hero.” Darsha’s voice, without her hologram face, echoed within the room. “Hero, please, explain Saturn’s Ring System to all the crew members. And I am able to hear but not see everyone and everything, to boot.”
Hero stated. “Yes, Leader Captain Darsha! Each ring produces a tingling sound known as Ring Rain. A starship cannot escape slamming into numerous tiny or large, wet and slick particles of ring rain coming from any ring. The ring materials contain mostly extremely large to tiny ice balls. The electrically charged water ice grains are pulled from the rings and then drifts down into Saturn’s magnetic field at a rate of 6,371.359 pounds-per-second. All the icy rings will each evaporate in 100 million years…”
“I won’t be born at that future time either.” Stoker laughed.
Hero stated. “The first ring of Planet Saturn is entitled the D Ring. The D Ring is the very faint, innermost ring and is colored in a dark blue hue starting at 41,569.73 miles from the center of Saturn, flowing outwards into a width of 4,660.284 miles and comprises 24 miles of waves in both ice chunks and hard rock pieces…”
“…and sings in harmony…” Leer laughed.
“What! What does that mean, Leer?” Chip laughed.
Leer said. “All the rings sing a universal song. And each ring harmonically sings a specific musical tone. Why do you think they are named out of order, A, B, C, D, E, F, and G? These are musical notes played by all musical instruments and all singing musicians. Do, a deer, a female deer. Ra, a…”
“Shush it, Leer!” Darsha’s singing voice invaded the bridge room. Leer laughs with the others.
Hero continued. “The D Ring runs into a wide, mulberry-tinted C Ring. C Ring poses as the third ring. The C Ring was discovered in the year 1850 A.D. by two earthling scientists, William and George Bond. The C Ring is comprised of darker icy balls rather than the two brighter A and B Rings. C Ring starts 46,230.014 miles from the center of Saturn with .03 miles of thickness and runs ahead 10,873.996 miles into 2,156.161 miles of empty outer space molecules. The empty space collides into the Columbo Gap.
“Columbo Gap was discovered by earthling scientist Giuseppe Columbo. The Columbo Gap lies within the inner section of the C Ring posing 48,386.175 miles from the center of Saturn and features plum-tinted icy materials. The Columbo Gap is 3.2057 miles wide. Within the Columbo Gap, the Colombo Ringlet appears in mauve hue and measures 15.5343 miles in wide, which is 16.666 percent of the gap material space.
“The Columbo Ringlet is also called the Titan Ringlet as it is controlled by the orbit of the Titan Moon…”
“…and sings the musical tone of Tee, a drink with jam and bread…” Leer sung in harmony. His crew members slight chuckle at the silly captain.
Darsha’s voice injected, again, into the Mist Cloud, without seeing her hologram face. “I must stress to all crew members here. The minor ringlets around Saturn contains physical materials, such like, an asteroid or two and the orbit is connected to its parent moon. Thus, it is alive and available for collision with any and all man-made object which will not be pretty. O so pretty! I’m not pretty. As pretty as pretty cannot be,” she sings some of the wrong ancient words from an ancient Earth musical song then fades from the bridge floor.
Hero stated. “The outer part of the C Ring is called, the Maxwell Gap. The Maxwell Gap stands 54,364.387 miles from the center of Saturn and stretches out in wide measurements for 167.77 miles and appears as purple hue. The Maxwell Gap was discovered and named by James Clerk Maxwell. Within the Maxwell Gap, a wavy Maxwell Ringlet appears in lilac hue measuring 39.7678 miles in width dimensions, without a tiny colorful moonlet, which is 23.70 percent of the gap.
“The void empty spot of black tinted outer space molecules measures 2,739.603 miles before hitting the B Ring. The B Ring is the boldest, largest, and brightest object in glittering yellow hue and as the ring formation is .0093 miles of thickness and does not contain any gaps.”
“No empty spaces here. So, watch out and do not hit it!” Darsha’s voice entered and then echoed her command orders.
The robot continued. “B Ring poses 57,104.01 miles from Saturn’s center and is 13,844.965 miles across the width measurements. The outer edge of the B Ring contains three km high ice mountains.”
“Do not mess with the B Ring!” Darsha ordered again.
Hero stated, “There is one moonlet painted in dull topaz yellow-orange hue within the B Ring. The moonlet was discovered in the year 2009. The moonlet is 1,300 feet in diameter.”
“Don’t hit it either!” Darsha’s voice said without her face.
Hero narrated, “At the edge of the B Ring, without an empty space, the Cassini Division starts at 72,948.96 miles from Saturn’s center running 2920.445 miles across and poses between the A and B Rings. The Cassini Division was discovered in the year 1675 A.D. by earthling scientist Giovanni Cassini and…”
“…is named it after himself.” Stoker laughed. “Those ancient earthlings were really arrogant.”
“You have no idea!” Eartha hissed.
The robot continued. “The Cassini Division clearly appears in a darker tint of sage, which is a mixed color of brown and yellow hues. Within the Cassini Division field going ahead 174.0019 miles, you will find the Huygens Gap. The Huygens Gap was discovered by Christiaan Huygens…”
“Now, that’s the way to still immortal!” Chip shouted. He slams his chest with a head nod then laughs with the other crew members.
Stoker smiled. “I do believe we should change all the orbiting heavenly names as these talented Earth scientists are dead and gone from the Solar Sun.” He chuckles with the others.
Hero continued, “The Huygens Gap stands at mile marker 73,122.9619 from Saturn’s center, in a dark green hue, extending 248.548 miles in width measurements, and it contains the…”
“…Huygens Ringlet! Ding. Ding. Ding, Ding. Dee. Dee. Dee. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Dee. Dee. Dee. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding.” Chip sung out loud with a smile. Then both Chip and Stoker start dancing at their workstation and loudly sings a new musical ancient Earth melody at the same time then stop the song laughing with amusement along with the others. They both sit down with a wide happy smile of glee.
Hero is not perturbed by the rude human behavior patterns and continues the boring narration of the Saturn Ring system. The robot stated, “The Huygens Ringlet is colored in hunter green hue and begins at mile marker 73,227.3523 extending 10.5633 miles in width, which is 8.51 percent of the gap. The Huygens Gap is influenced by the orbital pathway from the Mimus Moon. The gap is a gap…”
“Yo! So, I continue to a Ring A. Hey! Ding. Ding. Ding, Ding. Dee. Dee. Dee. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Dee. Dee. Dee. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding.” Chip sung out loud again with a smile. Then both Chip and Stoker start dancing at their workstation and loudly sings a new musical ancient Earth melody at the same time then stop the song laughing with amusement along with the others. They both sit down with a wide happy smile of glee.
Hero does not present a nasty frown or vocal comment continuing its dull, boring narration in an automatic drone voice. It stated, “The gap is empty outer space molecules that leads into the A Ring.”
“Ah…a…I tired, to boot! O! That’s the B Ring, right? Wrong! Right toe!” Leer laughed at the silly robot along with the others.
“The A Ring is the next outermost object starting at mile marker 75,869.405 from the center of Saturn and glows in bright pale green hue extending 9,072.0194 miles in length. The ring is .0186 miles thick. The inner boundary line contains the sage-colored Cassini Division and the outer boundary line runs into the orbital pathway of a peridot-colored Atlas moon.”
Leer whips the pretend sweat off his dry forehead and smile. He stated, “Whoo! I’m so glad those inner boundary lines and moons and the outer boundary lines and moons are all slightly color-coded, for my juvenile mind, so I don’t run the warship into any of these heavenly objects. Thanks, Creator! I really appreciate your thoughtfulness, here,” Leer laughs with the others.
Darsha’s voice injected over the robot and inside the Mist Cloud, “Now, each ring is stable but active. Active means that each ring is a bending, not a breaking wave of energy that shifts up and then down, up and then down. Thus, each tall ice mountain of hard rocks and cold ice chunks moves up and then down also like a dying man on the ground, when his chest cavity shift up and then down creating a lovely horizontal picture for your brain cells. Do not hit the ice mountain! You will all die. I promise.”
“Don’t fret! She’s always a tough ass, like this all the time,” Eartha said and winked to Stoker.
Darsha continued, “So, each ring orbits slightly vertically and then shifts massively horizontally. Does everyone understand me and the rings?”
A weak soft word sounds in unison from the crew members, “Yes.”
Hero continued to narrate, “7,138.9512 miles from Saturn’s center comprising empty space and almost at the outer edge of the A Ring, the Encke Gap stands at mile marker 83,008.3562 miles from the center of Planet Saturn and exists in the color of chartreuse extending 201.946 miles in length, without hitting any orbiting object. Moon Pan orbits within the Encke Gap and is colored in rose hue.
“Three, knotted ringlets, within the Encke Gap, on each side of Pan, glow in a pretty array of pale green, pale blue, and aqua. Earthling scientist Johann Encke discovered and then named the gap.
“After the Encke Gap, a space void of 1,811.9184 miles from Saturn’s center presents an ancient and dead Earth scientist James Edward Keeler’s discovery of the Keeler Gap, in the year 1888 A.D. From the center of Saturn, staring at 84,820.2746, miles, the Keeler Gap is painted in dark cerulean blue hue and induces the orbital motion of moon Daphnis. The Keeler Gap is 21.748 miles wide within the A Ring but on the extreme outer edge on the A Ring. The wave height, within the Gap, rises up .932 miles high from the ring’s surface.”
“Do not hit that either!” Darsha ordered.
“The outer ring, within the A Ring, is heavily influenced by the moons of Janus, Epimetheus, Pandora, and Prometheus.”
Stoker smiled. “The rings sound like one big happy family…”
“…party, ya’ll!” Leer laughed with the others.
Hero continued. “The A Ring also contains 964 moonlets that move and then shift within the geometric outer space plane. Each moonlet is similar in hue showing a pale green color.”
“I don’t like that sissy color. Can they change it?” Stoker laughed with the others.
Hero continued, “The separation between the A Ring and the F Ring, at mile marker is called the Roche Division. French earthling scientist Edouard Roche named it. An emerald green colored Roche Division starts at 84,941.4244 miles from the center of Saturn running 1,615.565 miles in length and contains sheets of ice chunks and small rock particles and space dust.”
“The F Ring starts 87,103.8137 miles from the center of Saturn running 310.686 miles across in the color of glowing solid and thin strands of pale blue tinted ice and rock particles. The ring contains thirteen ice boulders. The two smaller moons, turquoise tinted Pandora and a teal colored Prometheus orbit on each side of the F Ring’s formation. Now, I have explained the outermost rings. I am moving ahead to the extreme outermost rings…”
“Ain’t we finished with the ring lesson?” Leer said. He frowns at the Mist Cloud tiring of the science lecture.
“Yeah! Let’s go and get this party started.” Chip laughed with the others.
“No!” Darsha’s voice echoed inside the bridge floor.
Hero stated, “The space void between the F Ring and the Janus-Epimetheus is vast measured at 5,170.314 miles from the center of…”
“…Eartha.” Eartha laughed. “I’m so sorry. The correct answer is Saturn.” She chuckles with the others.
Hero is not perturbed and continues the science lecture under the orders of Leader Captain Darsha. It stated, “The Janus-Epimetheus Ring is a faint dusty formation in dark pink hue starting at 92,584.3076 miles from the center of Saturn extending to 3,106.856 miles in width within black tinted outer space. The ring was discovered by earthling scientist in the year 2006 A.D. Moon Janus in coral hue orbits, within a very short inner section of the ring, while Moon Epimetheus in peach hue covers the rest of the enclosed circle. However, the two moons never collide into each other. That is some strange outer space physics, ya’ll!” The robot does not produce a human chuckling sound, but all the other crew members do. It said, “Traveling ahead in empty space 7,456.45440 miles away from the Janus-Epimetheus Ring…”
“Don’t get us lost, now, Leer!” Eartha laughed with the others. Leer turns and sneers at his female co-worker.
Hero stated “…starting 103,147.618 miles from the center of Saturn, I present a very faint, dusty, icy G Ring in soft pink hue extending 5,592.341 miles in width.”
“Awe! Everyone loves a little baby girl!” Stoker laughed with the others.
Hero continued, “The G Ring is half-way between the edge of the F Ring and the beginning of the E Ring and contains the icy, salmon-colored, moonlet Aegaeon. Most empty outer space of 11,948.9180 miles…”
“Geez! That’s more empty outer space molecules, so don’t get us lost, here, either, Leer!” Stoker laughed with the others but Leer. Leer turns and snarls at Stoker.
Hero continued, “Starting 120,688,927 miles from Saturn’s center, a very faint dusty Methone Ring appears in dull brown hue extending 37.2823 miles in length coming from the dust particles of Moon Methone. Moon Methone is colored in russet hue, a mixture of pink and brown colors. The Methone Ring was discovered in the year 2006 A.D., in the month of September.
“After the Methone Ring formation and 2,134.43 miles further into the outer space molecules, an indigo-tinted Anthe Ring appears and starts at 122,823.357 miles from Saturn’s center extending to 8.077.83 miles in a very faint ring of dust space of ice cubes and rock pebbles tossing off from an iris-colored Anthe moon. The Anthe Ring was discovered by Earth scientists, in the year 2007 A.D., in the month of June.
“Traveling 8,285.965 miles of empty space, a very faint dusty Pallene Ring starts at 131,109.322 miles from the center of Saturn extending 1,553.42 miles in width and colored in orchid hue. The Pallene moon is colored in raspberry hue. Right at the edge of the Pallene Ring, the E Ring starts at 132,662.75 miles from the center of Saturn extending 15,595.422 miles touching only outer space molecules to the mile marker of 298,258.172. The E Ring is the second outermost strand and appears very wide in the brightest hue of violet consisting of particles of water ice, carbon dioxide and ammonia elements coming…”
“…from the butt-hole of moon Enceladus.” Leer laughed with the others.
Hero commented. “Captain Leer is both crude and correct. Within the E Ring, the southern pole region on Moon Enceladus spits out colorful lavender plums of gases from numerous ice volcanos. An ice volcano erupts in large sprays of water vapors, ammonia and methane gases.”
“Titan moon features an ice volcano named Doom Mons, by a silly earthling a long, long, long time ago.” Stoker chuckled with the others. “Dwarf planetoid Ceres has an ice volcano and domes that are all unnamed. Who’s up the challenge?” He chuckles with the crew members. “Moon Europa features a number of ice volcanoes too.”
“Good point, Stoker! Thanks for the valuable information.” Darsha’s voice echoed.
Hero continued. “The volcanic glowing lavender particles are the only source of the E Ring materials which holds both heat and radiation pockets that are deadly to the human life form.”
“Another good point, Hero!” Her voice echoed again.
“Stay away from the E, F, G, H, I, J, K rings!” Stoker laughed.
Hero turns and stares at Stoker. It stated, “There are not any named…”
“We all know that information. Shut it, Stoker! Continue the ring lecture, Hero!” Her voice echoed again inside the bridge room.
Hero turns back and views the Mist Cloud. It narrated. “The E Ring is 1,242.742 miles of thickness. The word, thick, is a term for solid materials in a fixed position shifting up and down, not sideways. The ring materials are thicker near the orbit of moon Enceladus. The moons of Tethys, Telesto, Calypso, Helene and Polydeuces are coated in bright lavender tinted stripes and streaks as the volcanic gases drift within outer space and then land on each surface. A magenta tinted Tethys moon orbits the outer portion of the E ring within outer space and a fandango color mixture of pink and violet hues appear on the Mimus moon that orbits the inner portion of the same ring. Now, at 2,485,484.769 miles from the center of Saturn, the Phoebe Ring…”
“We’re almost finished here, folks!” Chip laughed with the others.
“If I am continuously interrupted too many times, the I will start the Rings of Saturn lecture all over again.” Hero stated as the crew member sound with a set of boos for fun. Then the room becomes still. The robot narrates. “The Phoebe Ring appears in a fiery reddish-orange hue and extends 5,592,391.222 miles into outer space measured from the center of Saturn...”
“You can’t miss it, Leer!” Stoker smiled. “Well, you should miss it, Leer!” He laughs with the others. Leer smiles at the fun humorous statement.
Hero continued. “The Phoebe Ring ends 8,044,875.991 miles from the Saturn’s center. The Phoebe Ring is tilted at 27 geometric degrees of Saturn’s plane and the other Rings completing a great big wide reddish-orange tinted elliptical orbit around Saturn. What! No nasty comments for Leer!” The robot does not laugh but the crew members do. It continued. “The Phoebe Ring was discovered in the year 2009 A.D. by a gang of Earth scientists including Douglas P. Hamilton, Steven Soter, Anne J. Verbiscer, and Michael Skrutskie. The ring is 2.3 miles thick and runs in the opposite direction of Saturn’s orbit. Some of the glowing reddish-orange ring dust particles cover the Iapetus moon. The Iapetus moon orbits on the opposite of the Phoebe Moon.
“The Phoebe Moon lies on the outer side of the Phoebe Ring orbiting with its ring at 13,098,995.037 miles from the center of Saturn. Phoebe Moon is a sphere with a radius of 66.2 miles and rotates on its axis every nine hours. The moon completes a full orbit around Planet Saturn in 18 months, Earth time and flies in the opposite direction around Saturn and the other rings. Phoebe Moon is a bright planet and reflects six percent sunlight from…”
“Reduce the Mist Cloud around Saturn displaying all the moons on the northern side next, Hero.” Darsha’s voice echoed on the bridge floor. The rest of the crew member sit at their assigned colorful cushion watching the floor. Hero obeys. The Mist Cloud displays colorful moons and glowing rings.
“We just went through this science lesion and it still aches.” Leer laughed.
She stated, “I know that. I heard that. But we’re going to be flying across the vast and open Solar System within a powerful starship. Each pilot needs a quickly summary lecture of the current outer space heavenly objects without slamming into the object, killing everyone. Then we’ll never complete our mission.”
“You’re so positive in the morning, Darsha.” Eartha laughed.
“Continue, Hero.” She ordered.
Hero stated. “The radius of the planet is 36,184 miles, and the planet lies 890,800,000 miles from the Solar Sun. The orbital period around the Solar Sun is 29 years. The planet’s rotation is 10 hours and 42 minutes. The planet’s atmospheric pressure squeezes carbon materials in diamond raindrops that zip around like a deadly bullet in the wind.”
Darsha’s voice inflected tension, “Hero, what are you describing?”
“The planet of Saturn.”
She yelled, “No! I know the information on Saturn. You just described in detail and color each one of Saturn’s ring. Then I ordered you to describe each colorful moon.”
Hero stated, “No. You asked me to reduce the Mist Cloud. I did it. Then you asked me to begin a science lecture on current outer space heavenly objects.”
“You can’t argue with computer logic!” Stoker chuckled with the others.
Darsha shouted, “Fine! Fine! Fine! Please, perform a science lecture beginning with the closest visually moon named…um…Moon Rhea and then move downwards in any order leaving out Planet Saturn.”
“Why are wasting time here, Darsha?” Eartha frowned at the Mist cloud.
“We are not wasting my or yours or his or her time but educating all the pilots and the crew members. Anyways, we’re also waiting as we do not have the first clue about the second rock art piece.” Darsha stated.
Chip asked. “Who’s working on that mysterious treasure?”
“Thousands of individuals are working on location all of the lost treasure throughout the Solar Sun here at the Outlaw Office. Begin, Hero!” Darsha ordered.
“Yes, Leader Captain Darsha.” Hero stated, “Within the current Mist Cloud, the Rhea Moon sits, along and lonely far away from the other Saturn ring and is slightly higher than noon time, when all the people eat their lunch meal. The moon stands 337,260 miles from the center of Saturn. Rhea was discovered in the year 1672 A.D., in the month of December, on the 23rd day. The surface temperature is a negative 281.47 degrees Fahrenheit. Rhea is colored in apricot hue made of an icy body of rock and water ice. There are three rings going around the world in the colors of cream, yellow, and gold.
“Thousands of miles below and then slightly on the southern side of Rhea, Tethys moon sits on the northern side of the E Ring measuring 660 miles across. Tethys was discovered by Earth scientist Giovanni Domenico Cassini…”
Stoker smiled. “Whom, we have heard his name repeated over and over again today. Whom, he likes to name each heavenly object after his person. Talk about mortality concept! We’re still staying his name.”
“Say my name! Say my name! Say my name!” Chip sung in a beautiful musical harmony. Everyone warmly claps for the cyborg then slowly ceases the noise staring again at the Mist Cloud.
Hero continued. “Tethys was found in the year 1684 A.D., in the month of March, on the 21st day. Tethys Moon shares a co-orbit with the Mimus moon. Tethys possesses beautiful vertical bands in yellow, pink, pale blue and pale green making a hot magenta color on the F Ring formation. The moon orbits deep inside the sphere of Saturn receiving surface plasma strikes on the moon’s hemisphere. Tethys Moon also has two co-orbital moons named a Byzantium mixture of violet and dark purple colored Telesto Moon is ahead and a heliotrope mixture of lavender and pink colored Calypso Moon is running behind. Millions of miles below and then slightly south of Tethys moon, on the E Ring, the Enceladus moon is …”
“…is too well know in my eyeballs and inside my neurons. You can skip it, Zero.” Leer ordered.
Hero does not obey Leer and continues the order from Darsha. It stated, “The moon is lavender-colored and stands 148,000 miles from the center of Saturn, on the E Ring. The moon measures 310 miles in diameter and contains a negative 324 degrees Fahrenheit surface temperature. Enceladus was discovered by William Herschel, in the year 1789 A.D., in the month of August, on the 28th. Enceladus contains 100 geysers jetting plums of water vapor, molecular hydrogen, sodium chloride crystals and ice particles into outer space. These drifting particles form the E Ring.
“Thousands of miles below and further south of Enceladus moon, the Mimus Moon sits. The moon was discovered by William Herschel in the year 1789 A.D, in the month of September, on the 17th. Mimus is 246 miles across and is covered in large craters, chasms, and catenae. Catenae are crater chains. Due to the crater chains, the moon glows in blue hue on the edge of the world and displays lines of yellow hue and patches of dark brown, thus the moon is colored in yellow tint. However, the surface soil receives an abundance of volcanic gases in lavender hue. Thus, a lavender color plus a yellow tint creates a lovely fandango color mixture in dull pink and bright violet hues.”
“Thousands of miles across outer space sitting north of Planet Saturn, the Titan Moon is colored in citrine, a mixture of pale yellow and pale green standing 750,000 miles from the center of Saturn…”
“You forgot about the Dione moon, Hero.” Chip stated studying the Mist Cloud.
Hero stated, “The Titan moon is made of ammonia-rich liquid water, crust surfaces of ice, and a rocky core.”
Chip turns and stares at the robot. He asked, “Did you hear me, Hero?”
Leer stated, “No. The robot does not hear or see or acknowledge another machine, Potato Chip.” He sneers with annoyance while wasting his time, missing the warm Pond waters on his home world of Neptune.
“Your science lecture was traveling in a southernly direction. So, the next science lecture is the Dione Moon. The moon is wine-colored and the smallest of all the moons.” Chip said to the robot.
Hero continued, “The Titan moon was discovered by Earth scientist Christiaan Huygens in the year 1665, in the month of March, on the 25th. Titan measures 3,199.73 miles in diameter.”
The red tinted hologram face on Darsha appears and as she sneers at the robot. “What are you doing, Hero? Explain…”
The pink tinted hologram face on Tean appears and stands beside Darsha. Tean smiles and only sees Leer, who is the pilot of the Moth warship. He stated, “Hey, buddy! O! I’m sorry for breaking up your love fest in here, Darsha,” he chuckled. She sneers at Leer not able to see Tean. Tean chuckled. “We have found the second rock art piece which is really close and within the local outer space waves on the Phoebe Moon.”
Leer and the other crew member stand then dance in place with happy celebration. Leer tosses both of his arms in the air. He shouted with happiness, “Yee-haw! Let’s go and get it!” He sits down with a smile. Tean’s face disappears preparing for the first mission of the morning.
Darsha ordered. “First, thanks for the information, Captain Tean and co-captain Boodle, who is not present on the bridge floor. Second, I am disappearing from the bridge flor. Third, we will proceed to the second destination together retrieving and then destroying the rock art piece. Darsha, out!” Her face disappears and is replaced with the same image of the colorful moons and the glowing rings.
“Hey!” Leer frowned. “It’s not the same picture from before showing the Mist Cloud. What’s up with that move, Zero?”
Hero falls down and rolls ahead in skateboard mode then halts beside Leer’s chair slowly sitting upright, securing its suction cups on top of the stone-coated floor. It stated, “This is not a picture; this is an alive and interactive slice of the massive Solar System.”
Leer said, “The picture shows the entire Solar System going beyond the Solar Sun waves coming from here at Planet Saturn. I can’t see the Phoebe Moon, within the Mist Cloud. How am I supposed to fly this warship to the moon, if I can’t see it, Hero?”
“Why’s Leer the pilot again?” Eartha asked. She turns and growls at Leer.
Hero explained, “The Mist Cloud appears as a hologram within the bridge floor without viewing windows and is acted upon by the Moth warship’s pilot. Pilot Leer, reach out and touch the edge of the hologram particles in front of your face with the tip of your nose bridge.”
“What!” Eartha gasped in shock.
“What did Hero say?” Stoker laughed.
“Why should I do that?” Leer frowned at the glowing particles within the colorful Mist Cloud.
Hero explained, “The Mist Cloud represents the map of the Solar Sun. Your personal finger pad or your finger print flies the Moth warship through the Mist Cloud from Point A to Point B. However, you cannot see the details of your upcoming space voyage, until you adjust the Mist Cloud appropriately.”
“That makes sense!” Stoker said.
Hero stated. “Your human fleshy tissue comprised of water and dirt on your nose tip will enlarge the Mist Cloud, so your human fleshy eyeball organs can see your next outer space destination.”
Leer wiggles on top of the soft cloth and wears a smile. He stated, “Right toe!” He slowly leans over gently touching a few of the glittering white tinted hologram particles. The Mist Cloud without sound quickly enlarges and displays the north, northwest, and northwestern sections of the Solar System including half of Saturn, half of the rings, and the lower portion of outer space.”
The voice from Darsha permeated within the bridge floor. “This is Darsha!”
“We all know that!” Eartha frowned.
“We are all eager to proceed to the second rock art piece destination. Firstly, we will fly forward towards the Phoebe Moon in an old-fashioned V-formation with Leer leading the ships.”
“We all know that too.” Chip said with a hiss.
Darsha said, “Secondly, I wanna explain what you’re seeing.”
“We all know that also.” Stoker frowned.
“Darsha!” Eartha yelled at her supervisor.
“Hush, Eartha!” Darsha sneered without seeing her employee. “Explain, Hero.”
Hero stated. “The Mist Cloud has been significatively reduced to display the northern side of Planet Saturn. The closet object is Moon Tethys.”
“We don’t have time for this, Darsha!” Eartha sneered at the side profile on the red tinted hologram face.
“We have all the time within the galaxy. I am the leader here. You are not, Eartha. Continue, Hero!” Darsha ordered. Her face disappears off the bridge floor. She prepares her crew and warship starting the first Outlaw space mission.
On top of the bridge floor, Hero stands beside Leer and states to all the crew members. It stated, “I would like to note here that there is a logical flight path which has been chosen, then planned by me relayed to the other two reference robots that safely steers each Moth warship to our destination, the Phoebe Moon. Currently, the Moth warship is slowly drifting downwards several thousands of feet from the North Pole Axis into Saturn’s magnetic field. The travel time directly from Saturn’s North Pole axis to establishing an orbit around the Phoebe Moon is 13,098,995 space miles in distance.”
“We know that.” Leer growled with frustration at his supervisor and his robot.
Hero stated, “At a safe flame-burn speed, the Moth warship will arrive at the moon in thirteen minutes.”
He snarled at the robot, “We know that too.”
Hero stated, “The Phoebe Moon is 135.95 miles in height; 134.838 miles in height and 126.5117 miles in depth and is the second largest moon satellite…”
“…that you shouldn’t mess with,” Leer laughed with the others.
Hero continued. “The Phoebe Moon was discovered by William Henry Pickering in the year 1899, in the month of March, on the 17th day.”
“He’s dead. But I’m alive.” Stoker injected with humor then laughed with the others.
Leer studies the Mist Cloud. He exhaled, “That’s useless information, Zero. Gimme useful information.”
Hero stated, “Phoebe Moon orbits in the opposite direction of Saturn’s natural rotation in 551 days around Planet Saturn.”
He said. “Now, that’s important to know here.”
Hero said, “The Phoebe Moon rotates every nine hours and 16 minutes completing an orbit in 18 months. The moon is not a spherical body but a non-equal shape.”
“I gotta ponder that one,” Stoker smiled. “O! I can’t.” He laughs with the others.
Hero continued. “The moon is a dark surface of brown hue and deeply scarred with craters. The crater walls are 16 feet in height. The moon is mostly comprised of hard rocky surface. Each crater is brightly colored in pink hue reflecting pockets of ices of deep blue creating an orange tinted reddish color. Each ice pocket is 1,640 feet thick. The surface temperature is a negative 324.67 degrees Fahrenheit.”
“We’re not going to the surface, Zero.” Leer said with a frown at the robot.
The robot continued. “The Phoebe Moon is embedded within the Phoebe Ring.”
“I know that.” Leer sneered at the annoying chunk of metal.
“The Phoebe Moon is tilted at 27 degrees.”
Leer frowned. “I know that too.”
Eartha sneered. “Let the robot finish its lecture, so we can finish our mission, Leer.”
The robot continued. “The Phoebe Moon is…”
“...over there.” Leer softly chuckled. “And we’re all over here. Thanks for the science lecture, Zero!” Leer softly chuckles and stands in front of his cushion seat reaching out, wiggling his finger for the upcoming space flight. “Right toe! The Phoebe Moon is our first Outlaw space assignment getting the second rock-covered art piece and it is located downwards on the right-side of the Mist Cloud. Based on my math calculations, we’ll get there in less than thirteen seconds, after hitting the Phoebe Ring first. Hold on!” He slides sideways and reaches down leaning into the Mist Cloud. His other body parts separate the glowing particles but do not affect the Mist Cloud. He softly chuckles and touches his index finger pad slamming the orange-reddish moon in the northwestern edge of the Mist Cloud.

00:48:11 hours/minutes/seconds (early morning on Neptune within 20 rotational hours)
06:43:26 hours/minutes/seconds (late morning on Saturn without 10 rotational hours)


“No!” Eartha shouted. She stands and gasps in panic at the side profile on Leer.
“No!” Stoker yelled. He gasps in shock at Leer then quickly tries to belt his tall body into the cushion webbing.
“No!” Chip screamed. He turns and gasps at Leer.
The Moth warship obeys the finger pad on the assigned pilot diving downwards from the North Pole Axis into free outer space molecules. In one second, the ship travels downwards to 257,625.15625 miles away from the North Pole Axis flying in a diagonal position by Planet Saturn. The crew members stumble downwards from a standing or sitting pose hitting the hard, cold, stone floor including Stoker. He did not complete the webbing method around his body.
Hero is safe and secured using the numerous suction cups on the bottom of his robotic body and watches the outer space flight. It shouted out loud. “Two seconds.” The crew members roll over the floor. The ship hits 515,250.3125 miles.
At three seconds, the standing crew members slowly drift upwards towards the ceiling. The warship had released the gravity field while using all the power from the flame-burn engines traveling to Phoebe Moon. The warship travels 772,875.46875 miles from the North Pole Axis. Hero shouted out loud. “Free falling from the North Pole Axis.”
At four seconds, each crew member hits the ceiling planks. The warship hits the 1,030,505.60 mile marker along Saturn. Hero shouted out loud. “Approaching the equator on Saturn.”
At five seconds, the ship hits the 1,288,125 mile marker. Hero shouted out loud, “D Ring. Direct hit! The ship is rapidly dropping down through the Maxwell Ring, without damage.” It yelled out loud. “Six seconds.” Leer stands upright from the floor then starts to drift upwards towards the ceiling planks with his crew members. The warship hits the 1,545,750.9375 mile marker within outer space flying diagonally beside Planet Saturn.
At seven seconds, the warship hits 1,803,376.09325 mile marker. Hero shouted out loud. “F Ring. Direct hit! Missed the Enceladus moon.”
At eight seconds, the warship hits 2,061,001.25 mile marker. Leer hits the ceiling. He yelled in pain. “Ugh! Stop the ship!”
“You’re the pilot, Captain!” Hero shouted back. At nine seconds, the warship hits 2,318,626.815 mile marker.
Hero shouted out loud. “Ten seconds. Approaching the Phoebe Ring.” The warship hits 2,576,251.96875 mile marker falling below Planet Saturn in free outer space molecules.
At eleven seconds, the warship hits mile marker 2,833,876.7188. Leer continued to bump into the hard, cold, ceiling planks. “Ugh!”
Hero shouted out loud. “Twelve seconds.” The warship reaches 3,091,501.8750 miles from the center of Planet Saturn.
At 13 seconds, the warship hits mile marker 3,349,127.03125. Leer starts to swim downwards away from the ceiling planks fighting with the non-gravity field as the warship slams into colorful pockets of harmless gaseous clouds, not any hard objects, traveling towards its targeted destination, the Phoebe Moon. His body is jolted backwards hitting the stone-covered ceiling planks and as he groans in pain.
Hero shouted out loud. “Fourteen seconds.” The warship reaches 3,606,752.1875 miles from the center of Saturn flying in free outer space molecules away from Saturn and her moons.
At 15 seconds, the crew members struggle near the ceiling planks trying to swim downwards to the floor.
At 16 seconds, Eartha screamed while swimming around the ceiling planks. “Stop the ship, Leer!”
At 17 seconds, Leer continues to fight the non-gravity field inside the bridge room. He shouted back, “I’m trying!” He pedals downwards then gets slammed upwards into the ceiling stone grunting in pain and suffering, watching the ship travel through more colorful gaseous clouds and pockets of space dust.
At 18 seconds, Hero shouted out loud, “Eighteen seconds.” The warship hits mile marker 4,637,252.1825 from the center of Saturn.
At 19 seconds, Chip yelled bumping into the ceiling planks. “Stop the ship, Hero!”
At 20 seconds, Stoker shouted back. “It can’t!” He slams into the ceiling planks moaning in pain.
Hero shouted out loud. “Twenty-one seconds.” The warship reaches 5,410,128.2813 miles from the center of Saturn.
At 22 seconds, Leer swims across the ceiling panels without dropping down on top of the Mist Cloud. He needs the crew members to drop down off the ceiling planks then swim over the floor, when the gravity field returns to the bridge room.
At 23 seconds, Eartha swims off the ceiling trying to reach the floor before Leer touches a heavenly object within the Mist Cloud. Then gravity will return to the bridge room, and she will fall breaking every fragile bone within her human body. She is not part machine like Chip and Stoker or solid rock like Purry.
At 24 seconds, Hero shouted out loud. “Twenty four seconds.” The warship hits 6,183,0003.7500 miles from the center of Saturn.
At 25 seconds, Chip wiggles both his arms and legs smoothly drifting down from the ceiling planks towards his assigned cushion seat.
At 26 seconds, Purry wiggles both of her rock-coated arms and legs while gliding down from the ceiling planks towards her assigned cushion seat.
At 27 seconds. Hero stated. “Twenty six seconds.” The warship reaches 6,698,254.0625 miles from Saturn’s center.
At 28 seconds, Chip slams into his cushion seat and curls his body around the fabric. His machine parts dug into the soft leather.
At 29 seconds, Purry slaps her seat cushion and then curves her rock body around the fabric poking holes int the leather. She is a different type of life form and will survive any type of impact, collision and destruction by scattering dots before the wreck and then calling them back forming her normal humanoid shape. But she is worried about her new human friends.
At 30 seconds. Hero shouted out loud. “Thirty seconds.” The warship hits 7,728,754.6875 miles from the center of Saturn.
At 31 seconds, Hero shouted out loud. “Leaving the Phoebe Ring for deep, deeper outer space.”
At 32 seconds, Eartha shouted, “Stuff it, Zero!”
At 33 seconds, Leer reaches the wall corner slamming into the stone slowly swimming down towards the floor.
At 34 seconds, Hero shouted out loud. “Falling through free outer space.”
At 35 seconds, Stoker shouted out loud, “Shut up, Zero!” He continues to swim down from the ceiling planks towards his assigned cushion. Once Leer hits any solid heavenly object within the outer space molecules, the gravity field will return and then the ship will holt with a massive jolt breaking a jawline or some teeth.
At 36 seconds, Hero shouted out loud. “Thirty-six seconds.”
At 37 seconds, Eartha reaches out and then cuddles hanging onto her assigned cushion.
At 38 seconds, Chip hugs his assigned cushion. He yelled out loud, “Stop the ship, Leer!”
At 39 seconds, Leer lands on top of the floor not affected by the Mist Cloud and shouts in panic. He yelled out loud, “How do I stop the ship?”
At 41 seconds, Eartha cuddles her cushion. She yelled in annoyance. “With your finger pad, Captain Leer.”
At 42 seconds, Leer carefully extends his arm into the Mist Cloud towards any heavenly object.
At 43 seconds, his finger pad touches the glowing object within the Mist Cloud.
At 44 seconds, the Moth warship halts within the outer space waves 11,128,695.916 miles from the center of Saturn. Gravity returns to the bridge room. Each crew member stumbles over the hard floor rolling into a stopping position.

00:48:53 hours/minutes/seconds (early morning on Neptune within 20 rotational hours)
06:44:36 hours/minutes/seconds (late morning on Saturn within 10 rotational hours)


11,128,695.916 miles from Planet Saturn

Hero continues to stand. The robot stares at the Mist Cloud. It stated without a human emotion, only a drone monotone timber. “The Moth warship has halted. The good news…”
“Shut up, Zero!” Eartha yelled. She lies on her back spine.
Leer rests on his stomach muscles and stares the glowing globular clusters on the ceiling within the Mist Cloud. The globular cluster surround the Solar System like a barrier wall containing the human race. He shouted, “Is everyone okay?”
“Yes.” Chip said. He slowly stands upright scanning each one of his human and machine body parts.
“Yeah.” Stoker said. He slowly stands upright checking his body parts.
“Okay.” Eartha said. She continues to rest on top of the floor exhaling with annoyance at Leer.
“I am fit.” Purry offered. She quickly stands upright and checks her rock-coated body parts for any type of injury finding nothing.
“Leer!” The voice from Darsha echoed first. Then the Mist Cloud is replaced with her anger, red-tinted hologram face. “What happened to you and the ship? What’s going on down there? We all saw your ship leap off the North Pole Axis swiftly diving at steep angle towards deep outer space without hitting a moon.”
Leer slowly stands and faces the hologram face. He stated, “I…I’m learning the ship’s functions.”
“Learn faster!” She yelled. “Once you have recovered, advance to the Phoebe Moon, both slowly and safely, before your wreck the warship, kill yourself, and damage this Outlaw mission. We are both slowly and safely in route flying there too. Darsha out!” Her face leaves the bridge room and is replaced with the same Mist Cloud image. In the far distance, moving away from Saturn, two pink-tinted dots are advancing downwards toward the Phoebe Ring.
After checking both his human and mechanical parts, Stoker is still fit for his working space duties on the Moth warship. He asked, “What just happened to us and the ship?” He continues to stand upright from the floor and studies the Mist Cloud wearing a stern face.
Chip slowly stands short and scans the room wearing a worried brow. He asked, “Where are we?”
Eartha exhaled, “Alive and breathing!” She sits upright on the floor slamming her chest, jump-starting her heart beat rhythm, wearing a sour frown.
Purry slowly stands and stares into the Mist Cloud without commenting.
“No! I didn’t wanna know the condition of the crew members. I wanna know this. Where are we located within outer space?” Chip stared at the Mist Cloud.
Hero continues to stand by its numerous suction cups on top of the stone-coated floor explaining the past event. It explained, “The Moth warship had traveled at 927,45,562.50 miles-per-hour or 15,457,509.375 miles-per-minute or…”
“Based on my math calculations…” Chip injected.
“…257,625.15675 miles-per-second.” Hero stated.
“That’s it.” Chip smiled at Hero.
“It’s a face!” Stoker grinned pointing to the Mist cloud.
Hero stated without human or robotic emotions, “Well, Captain Leer, you barely missed the Siarneq Moon performing its natural orbit around Planet Saturn. The Siarneq Moon was discovered in the year 2000 as a group of curious Earth scientists were bored out of their scientific or academic or insane human minds and then made a new executive decision, without consulting their supervisor. Based on their primitive outer space spy equipment, after finding all the regular orbits of planets, moons, stars, exoplanets, they ventured out, searched, and then discovered all distant irregular orbits of moons around a fixed planet. Siarneq Moon orbits in a wild elliptical pattern which is similar to a baby Phoebe Ring movement. It orbits at 11,100,000 miles from the center of Saturn.”
Stoker injected. “Everything’s connected.”
“Not me!” Eartha said. She slaps her chest then slams her hand into her lap staring at the Mist Cloud.
Leer slowly pads across the stone-coated floor stopping in front of his assigned purple tinted cushion studying the Mist Cloud. He asked, “Where’s the ship located at, Zero? Where’s the ship going to, Zero?” He sneers at the long-winded machine.
Hero explained. “Previously, your touch halted our warship behind the Tarqeq Moon. The Tarqeq Moon lies 11,128,695.916 miles south from the center of Saturn and orbits 894.86 days around Saturn. The moon was discovered in the year 2007, in the month of April, on the 13th by the following Earth scientists Scott S. Sheppard; David C. Jewitt; Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden. The moon flies at the speed of 3,271.954 miles-per-hour and the surface measurement is 70.277 miles in both height and length.”
Stoker laughed pointing at the Mist Cloud. “A human was here!”
“What! What does that mean?” Chip frowned at the object.
Hero explained. “The surface field is colored in burnt orange hue and displays a human-like face with a round-shaped head, a pair of closed eyelids, two yellow tinted sunken cheekbones, a long nose, an upper and lower lip, and a drop chin without hair strands, of course.”
“A human was there!” Stoker repeated pointing at the moon. He laughs with the others.
Hero continued. “The Tarqeq Moon orbits in a circle like a childish drawing around Saturn.”
Chip frowned. “You…we’re really lucky that the Moth missed those big, tall solid, hard objects, such like, the rings made of ice mountains, Leer.”
Hero stated. “Luck is not a measurable scientific or social or spiritual event, Chip. There is so much empty space between the planets and moons and the stars within our Solar System; a collision is not a probable dangerous situation for us as Pilot Leer operates his warship.”
“Thanks, Hero.” Leer softy stated.
Hero stated. “Half of glittering Planet Saturn is displayed on the left-side wall and the rear-side wall. The Moth warship is currently sitting 11,128.695.916 miles from the center of Planet Saturn and posed slightly behind the Tarqeq Moon. The Phoebe Moon lies further southeastern and stands 13,098,795.037 space miles in distance from the center of Planet Saturn. The math difference in space miles is 1,970,099.1210. Flying at the standard flame-burn speed of 500,000 miles-per-hour with the Moth warship, we will arrive at the Phoebe Moon in three minutes and 56 seconds and 41 milliseconds.”
“I got it, Hero.” Leer said. He exhales with his new majorly responsibility. “How do I fly to the Phoebe Moon without killing us and wrecking the warship?”
Hero explained. “Very, very slowly glide your fingertip into the empty space around each fixed object but not touching the fixed object, such like, a cloud of gases or a pocket of space dust or a slow-moving orbiting planet as the warship will swiftly sail towards a fixed object in both space and time. The average flame-burn speed is 500,000 miles-per-hour but you can go slower, if you need be.”
Eartha stated, “Yes, you need to fly very slowly, Leer.” She sits down and wears a sour frown fumbling with the webbing around her body.
Leer sits down and exhales with nervousness lifting his finger, reaching out and touches the first pocket of pink, green, and yellow tinted space dust particles. The warship smoothly spins away from the Tarqeq Moon and then glides to that object. Leer continues to gently touch each heavenly object as the warship slightly jerks in forward motion moving ahead towards a glittering orange-reddish tinted Phoebe Moon. Each crew member watches the Mist Cloud as the cloud changes the image while the ship flies in a forward motion. And each crew member is webbed into the cushion seat, in case, of another wild ride.

00:51:34 hours/minutes/seconds (early morning on Neptune within 20 rotational hours)
06:47:20 hours/minutes/seconds (late morning on Saturn within 10 rotational hours)


Leer slows the flame-burn speed establishing a smooth orbit around the Phoebe Moon. His warship has arrived first before the two others. Leer drops his hand and exhales with relieve that the first Outlaw space mission is successful.
Eartha swiftly stands and tosses both of her arms in the air. She screamed with vengeful delight, “Halleluiah! Amen! Holy crap! I can’t believe it. I’ve arrived alive looking for the second of 49 rock-coated art pieces lounging within other alien world.” She laughs, alone and lonely.
Purry studies the world. Stoker monitors the hologram screens. Chip smiles and leaps off his seat standing on top of the floor, spinning around to stare the new world also.
The ship slowly sails around the outer space waves. Leer continues to sit and lifts his finger pad in the air reaching out in order to touch the new world for the first communication call regarding the second rock-coated art piece.
“Stop!” Chip frowned at Leer. “I know what you are trying to do, Captain.”
“He’s not the captain of this ship. He’s an outer space pilot of an outer space warship and a lousy one at that.” Eartha said. She sneers into the Mist Cloud while watching the new planet.
Leer turns and sneers at Eartha. He stated, “Do you remember me telling you to stand and look pretty! That means, you are not to talk or snarl or tongue spit on the nice shiny floor, either, crew member.”
Chip slapped his chest and said to Leer. “I am the ambassador here and I am the communication officer here too. My primary function, greet and then meet and then acquire each targeted rock-coated art piece by using my programmed and learneth diplomatic tact with a touch of safety for all life forms on the new alien planet which is filled with people, property, plants, and pets.”
“What!” Leer laughed at Chip.
Stroker smiled, “Chip’s machine body was built on Jupiter with people, planets, and pets. My home world…”
“Thanks, Stroker!” Chip stated. He exhales with annoyance at the other partial cyborg on the space mission. “I am referencing us.”
Leer nods several times and flips his hand in the air. He smiled, “O! That’s good. Care on! Right on! Right toe!” He drops his hand slapping his leg staring at the glowing planet while greatly desiring to finish his first Outlaw outer space mission and then return home to Neptune. He will relax for the rest of the Neptune artificial daylight hours and then in the evening enjoy a new seafood meal at his favorite restaurant with his parents.
The cyborg swirls around and touches the Mist Cloud. The moon continues to slowly twirl on its axis; but a human eyeball could not see the movement. The Mist Cloud only shows the location of the planet within the massive dark-colored outer space realm. The first planet glows in vivid colors pink yellow and blue hues exhibiting tiny structures with moving objects, such like, natives.
“Greetings!” He said into the Mist Cloud. “I am Ambassador Chip! I am standing inside an outer space ship orbiting your home world….”
“I do believe the hiding or hidden or watching natives know that observable piece of information.” Eartha laughed.
“Hurry it up over there, Chip!” Leer yelled. He sneers and wears a fake smile feeling anxious and eager to finish up the first Outlaw space mission.
A human face appears replacing the Mist Cloud displaying brown-tinted skin, two eyeballs in blue hue without any hair strands. The lips are tinted deep red hue and both earlobes are pieced with a row of colorful gemstones. The face smiles to Chip. The face stated, “Hello! I am the Highest Minister here on Phoebe. What is your pleasure this morn, mate?”
“Does he possess a body?” Eartha asked.
Chip is more machine than man and does not exhibit any human traits like sighing with annoyance. He continues his practiced speech in a monotone voice. He said, “I am a representative of the…”
“…outlaws…” Leer laughed with Eartha.
“What!” Chip yelled. He gasps in shock then spins around again facing Leer.
“Everyone knows an outlaw.” He winked at Chip.
“Everyone loves an outlaw too!” Eartha chuckled.
Chip nods with his new understanding and then swings around, nodding to the native. He said, “I have identified an ancient artifact coming from an ancient world that resides on your home planet. The name of the owner is Elmoetan Viadarweman. Can you confirm the name of your native citizen?”
A quick vertical flash of pink, yellow and orange colorful lights illuminates beside the cheekbone on the Highest Minister. He thrusts his arm and hugs the second native. The image displays two males presenting in both average height and weight. The Highest Minister wears a yellow tinted shirt ripped in the middle and down each side exposing more of his skin tissue and a pair of trousers ripped on each side exposing both of the leg muscles. The second native displays a yellow tinted outfit in the same manner presenting coffee-tinted skin, a pair of green-tinted eyeballs, a pair of pink-tinted lips, and both earlobes wear a row of sparkling tiny gemstones also.
The Highest Minister nods to Chip. He stated, “Yes, Chip, I can confirm Elmoetan Viadarweman as one of our native citizens. And he is standing right here beside me.” Elmoetan waves to Chip.
Inside the bridge room, on top of her assigned pink tinted cushion seat without a hologram station, Purry gasps in shock. She asked, “Where did he come from?”
“He appeared from thin air based on my five senses.” Eartha frowned with suspicion. “What just happened down there?”
Leer sneers with worry. He ordered, “Get this show on the road, Chip!”
Chip nods to the natives. He said, “Thank you, Highest Minister! Can you confirm that your native citizen Elmoetan Tormoredee possesses an ancient artifact…?”
“…a small, medium, or large-sized rock…” Leer shouted. “Do you possess a colorful rock art piece, sir?”
A second vertical light in red, orange and purple lights the room and then vanishes. An object appears within the cupped palms on Elmoetan.
The Highest Minister nods with a smile to Chip. He stated, “Yes.”
The object displays a set of dull-looking individually colored rocks cobbled together into a small ball within a glass container. “That’s it!” Leer frowned.
“That’s it!” Eartha yelled. She nods with a smile.
Purry nods and presents a rock-coated smile at the item. She stated, “O good! The rock piece is still captured within its glass structure.”
“Is that bad?” Leer gasped in shock.
Chip said. “This is excellent, sir. I can take that item from your person now.”
Elmoetan said, “Well, I like my rock.”
“Well, I mentioned before that art piece had been stolen from Planet Pluto…”
“…which does not exist anymore. I, too, hear all the galactic rumors floating around the space. Thus, the owner is dead and doesn’t need its property back.” Elmoetan argued.
Chip continued. “That is correct. However, I represent the Outlaw patrol. I am flying around outer space collecting all the stolen art pieces for a good cause giving back to the live relatives of the dead relative. Do you not agree, sir?”
Elmoetan said. “I agree with your good nature.”
“Hurry it, Chip!” Leer ordered. He softly sneers at the back spine on Chip. Chip is part man and part machine, who can hear a tiny sewing needle pin drop down on the hard floor.
The native continued. “I wanna keep my art work. I like the design. The design is unique like me and dear to my heart as well.”
Chip smiled, “With that in mind, well, I can offer you a set of electronic bits for the precious art work, that’s so near and dear to your heart…”
“…if it is even a human one…” Eartha sneered.
“Touché, Chip!” Stroker laughed.
“Chip!” Leer frowned.
“I am in charge here and I can provide bits for that artifact.” Chip said to Leer staring at the native.
Elmoetan smiled. “How many bits?”
“10,000 bits.”
“Not enough!”
“15,000 bits.”
“No!”
“20,000 bits.”
“No!”
“50,000 bits.”
“Nope!”
“100,000 bits.”
“Geez! We got another outer space appointment to keep and other world places to go. How about 500,000 bits, sir?” Leer injected.
Elemontoe continued to grin, “Hmm! No!”
“One million bits, dude!” Leer stated. He snarls at the native.
“Sold to the Outlaws!” Elmoetan said. He elbows and laughs with the Highest Minister.
On the bridge, Leer ordered to Chip, “Chip, transfer one million Bits into his personal and private nit account first, before getting the object.” He waits on the cyborg and the money transaction in silence.
Chip stands at attention and does not blink his two implanted eyeballs transmitting the electronic information into one of the money accounts on the new planet and then nodded to the native.  He said, “It is done, Leer.”
Leer smiles and claps with a nod. He yelled, “Excellent, Your Highness! We’re…I mean…someone is leaving our ship and coming down to your plant grabbing your rock as it is poison or toxic or bad for your skin. Who’s wants to go down to the planet surface?”
Chip spins around and slaps his chest to Leer. He yelled, “Me!”
“…and Purry…” Stroker said. He fingers her and nods several times. “She has away with those rock things.”
Leer nods to Purry then Chip. He smiled, “Right toe! Chip and Purry, you have my captain’s permission to leave my ship and take the outer space landing craft and land down to the planet and collect the art piece.”
“No.” Highest Minister stated.
Leer said, “All right! Chip is not wanted or loved by the natives, thus he and Purry cannot go down to the planet surface. Then we can send down a drone to collect the rock art form.”
“No!”
“Okay. We can…” Leer turns and views Eartha. He asked, “Do we have another mode of outer space transportation, like an airplane or a train or flying milkman.” He laughs with amusement remembering some of the tall tales from his great-grandparents.
“Ugh!” Eartha stated. She shakes her curls. “No!”
“No.” The diplomat said.
Leer drops his hand and slaps his naked flesh on his leg viewing the diplomat. He yelled, “What! Why not! Why is your negative answer stated with the word no? We have negotiated in good faith and paid one million bits for that rock.”
The Highest Minister stated, “There is no need for your human body visitation, or your man-made machine visitation either.”
Leer exclaimed. “What!”
He said. “I can beam your new property up from Elmoetan’s hands here on my planet to inside your orbiting warship. Please give me a physical location that measures 10 long by 8 inches high by four inches deep.”
Leer exhales then views Stoker. He yelled, “What! Okay! Right toe! Stroker, can you help me with this?”
“Yes, Captain.” Stoker said and fiddled on the hologram keyboard. “The geographic grid coordinates are 60.1 by 54.3 inside the belly of this ship.”
“Got it!” The Highest Minister smiled. He slaps the object with his palm then lifts the same arm in the air. “Beaming it up, Captain!” A third vertical flash in yellow, blue, and red colors slams down on top of the glass and then it disappears from the folded palms on Elmoetan. The two natives bump each other and sound with soft laughter.
“What happened to the rock piece? His open palms are empty. Where is the rock-coated art piece located at now?” Chip gasps then sneers at the two natives. He yelled, “Magic! That’s a nasty magic treat, sir. We make a deal here.”
“What did he say? I’m very confused here or there or everywhere.” Leer stated with puzzlement.
“I have beamed the item inside your ship, for my fun and your convenience, Captain of the unnamed outer space starship. Three. Two. One. Now!” The Highest Minister laughed.
Eartha watches Purry. She asked, “Do we possess that technology? No. Why do we not possess that technology?” She turns and frowns at Leer.
“It’s their secret and their planet and their people and their plants and their pets and their properties that defy their gravity.” Stoker stated.
“It’s here! I can feel it! It’s here somewhere on the bridge floor.” Purry stated. She spins around, wears a rock-coated stern face of colorful dots, and examines the floor, gasping in alarm, racing ahead. She stops and squats down without touching the glass container. “It’s here on top of the hard bridge floor.”
“The rock art is here and Purry is taking care of the tiny rock soldier too.” Stoker smiled at Purry’s unique work.
“Thanks for your kind act!” Chip said. He nods to the two Phoebe natives and then uses his implanted brain cells killing the communication link. The Mist Cloud reappears and displays the moon again.
Leer lifts both of his arms in the air and dances around the floor. He sung with delight, “Right toe! That was great! That was easy! That was fun!” He spins around and winks at Eartha. “This outer space mission is going to be a light breeze through the Pond. What is the next planet? Does anyone know? Everyone, get settled back onto your cushion.” He stands in front of his cushion seat.
“What kind act! He robbed and blackmailed us.” Eartha snarled at Leer.
Chip turns and shuffles back to his assigned cushion wearing a smile. He stated, “I did my job. I got the first rock person, didn’t I?”
Eartha turns and snarls at Chip next. She pointed and said to the cyborg. “We got one tiny rock statue for one million bits. For those amounts of Bits, I’ll go rouge and hunt down Taradiddle in my personal Beetle ship killing his a…”
“Ask and you should receive!” Chip laughed.
Purry lifts the glass container and marches into the center of the bridge floor, squatting down, breaks the glass scattering the shreds over the clean floor. An alert floor bot races ahead then stops carefully cleaning up the glass fragments, sounding with a soft buzz. Purry slams her rock-coated hand into the object rotating her fingers gathering up the loose dots that are alive trying to escape into the air waves.
Chip spins around and gasps at Purry wearing a worried brow, waving both of his arms in the air. He yelled, “Stop it, Purry! What in the hell are you doing on the floor? We must destroy the art piece.”
“She’s doing just that! Watch and learn, Potato Chip!” Leer smiled.
He frowned. “She…she is glowing…”
“…and growing…” Stoker smiled.
“Her rock dots are glowing and creepy crawling all over your rock body like an army of colorful ants.” Chip frowned.
Purry continues to work and updates the rest of the Moth crew members. She stated, “I’m absorbing all the drifting dots.”
Chip tosses both his hands and slaps his chest. He yelled again, “No! No! I understand too. That action will make you a Bad One like Taradiddle. All of your dots will become uneven and then you will kill someone or something or me…”
“No! I do not do such things, Chip, I am carefully monitoring and rapidly counting them within my composite. I choose to be a Good One, not a Bad One.” Purry said. She glitters in pink, red, blue, green, and yellow hues of bright lights. “This procedure will make me very strong in order to confront and fight against Taradiddle.” She softly moans and then grunts absorbing the new set of colorful dots into her rock body while slowly growing in height without weight. She can control her rock body and the new set of dots placing the live materials throughout her body using her mind waves. She grows an additional nine more feet in height and three inches around her chest. Her new rock body automatically distributes the dots in the correct proportions duplicating her human form again.
“That was fun…not!” Leer stated. He exhales with annoyance. “We have finished our task and destroyed another piece of rock art. Do you know where the next rock art is located, Tean?”
Eartha complained. “We are going to travel the Solar System for the rest of our lives. I didn’t sign up for this, Darsha.”
The voice from Tean invaded the quiet room on the bridge, “Neg-a-tory over here, good buddy! We’re still searching the data banks for a new clue. I would suggest parking it right here, until another thing pops up from over here.”
“Get it! Got it! Do it!” Leer laughed.
Chip spins around on the floor and nods to Leer. “I propose a new idea, Captain.”
“He’s not the captain of this ship.” Eartha yelled at Chip.
Chip continued. “We should scout the outer space waves and identify each and every frequency wave.”
Eartha exhales with annoyance at the little part machine-man. She sneered, “That will take foreverly and we do not have foreverly to identify each and every frequency wave coming from each and every star and each and every planet. So, we use our time wisely and find each and every rock soldier taking it out.” She laughs.
He said. “I disagree, Eartha. A radio wave can identify Taradiddle on his spaceship while creating numerous soft and loud sound waves throughout the galaxy.”
“Hmm!” Leer said. “That’s not a bad idea, Chip!”
“Hmm! That’s the worse idea, yet, Computer Chip!” Eartha laughed.
Leer nodded with a smile. “A radio wave is really a gravity field warping through the space and time based on our technology has been and is easily identified.”
Stroker said. “A radio wave burst source drifts through outer space comes from numerous sources including a collision of neutron stars, bouncing off black holes, and the residue of floating and flying spacecraft. That’s an excellent idea, Chip. Leer, call command and order them to ground every spacecraft throughout the galaxy. Then we can identify and local the spacecraft burse source on Tarradiddle’s spaceship. And we’ll have them and then destroy his space and his crew and his person ending our first military mission.”
Leer commented, “Great idea, Stroker! Eartha, start scanning the outer space waves for high radio bursts of sound.”
She gasps in shock and spins around seeing Leer. She sneered, “What! Why me!”
Leer laughed. “Because you are sitting there with nothing to do.”
“And you are the communication officer.” Stroker nodded with a smile to Eartha.
“…and the gopher...” Hero commented.
She jabbed her finger at the tiny man. “Chip is the communication officer here on deck.”
“Chip is an ambassador.” Stoker stated, “He has a mechanic implant inside each eardrum…”
“…which will burst my eardrum and explode my human skull into flying fragment of blood proteins, pink brain cells, and white bones coming from a single high frequency blast. Thanks for acutely reminding me of that event, Eartha.” Chip smiled.
“Ugh! That’s a gross mental pic within my pink tinted brain cells, man!” Stroker laughed.
Leer ordered. “Do it, Eartha!”
“Fine! Fine! Okay! All right! Geez! Don’t have a kitten, Leer!” Eartha laughed. Leer sneers at the historical comment.
The Mist Cloud disappears again. A row of three colorful hologram faces displays Tean, Boodle, and Darsha.
Stoker laughed. “Saved by the Mist Cloud, Eartha!” Eartha turns and snarls at Stoker.
Leer looks up and waves to his friends pointing several times at the forward solid wall that hides the planet. He asked, “Did you see and hear and feel and taste our first success, Tean?” He continues to dance in place and wiggles his arms in the air feeling happiness.
Tean smiles as he cannot wave any of his body parts through the hologram image, only display his human face. He stated, “Yeah! Yeah! Yay! We all saw and felt your great feat, Leer! Congratulations, buddy! And we saw that Purry has eaten the second rock art too. Congratulations Purry!”
“Thank you!” Purry stated. She stands very tall and glows in large patterns of dull-looking colorful dots while her rock body processes all the new dots coming from the dead rock soldier. Leer stops dancing and stares at the row of holograms in silence.
Tean smiled. “While you were negotiating and then destroying the second rock art piece, we found the third art form on Planet X. Lead us, leader!” He laughs with Boodle disappearing off the bridge floor along with Darsha.
Eartha frowns and points at Purry. She stated, “If it takes one hour of Neptune time to fly, retrieve and then destroy each rock-coated art piece, then it’ll take us flying around the Solar System hunting for the other 47 rock-coated art pieces 107 hours or 6,420 minutes or five Neptune days and seven hours…”
“Eartha is very good at math.” Hero stated.
“…without eating, washing or pissing.” She finishes her sentence structure then laughs.
Stoker chuckled, “Eartha is very funny, too,” he laughs again.

01:09:06 hours/minutes/seconds (early morning on Neptune within 20 rotational hours)
07:05:56 hours/minutes/seconds (early morning on Saturn within 10 rotational hours)


13 million miles away from Saturn
389 million miles towards Jupiter


Two warships glow in pink hue metal panels wearing glass vertical and horizontal individual tubes of pale blue or pale green or yellow or red or orange hues hover within the black painted outer space. A single Moth warship orbits the Phoebe Moon.
Inside Leer’s warship, he remains seated and smiles at the Mist Cloud. He yelled, “Everyone, sit down or stand up! I don’t really care. Right toe! We’re completing another orbit around the Phoebe Moon then breaking from the moon’s orbit and traveling both space and time on the swiftest flight path northernly towards the Solar Sun,” he reaches out with his fingertip touching the nearest star while guiding the space ship away from the moon through the Mist Cloud towards a new planet.
Hero stands against the curved wall and narrates while recording the voyage. It stated, “We are presently posed 13,098,725 miles from the center of Planet Saturn and stand 872,901,275 miles from our Solar Sun while orbiting the Phoebe Moon. We are starting to travel in a westerly direction, at the flame-burn speed of 50,000,000 miles-per-hour heading to Planet Jupiter. We will cover 389,301,275 miles in seven minutes, 46 seconds and 17 milliseconds.”
“Safe and sound! Safe and sound!” Eartha yelled with a sour frown. “You gotta wickedly exorcise that dang curse,” she laughs.
“Shut it, Eartha!” Leer shouted with a sneer.
Two minutes later, as the Moth warship steers 40 million miles towards Jupiter, Hero lifts off the floor, flies in the air molecules, then stops standing beside Leer’s cushion, observing the flight of the Moth warship. It stated, “We are fastly approaching the western side of Planet Jupiter heading towards Planet Mars. I advise caution here and watch out for the Gault Asteroid.”
Leer does not nod but carefully glides his finger pad through the Mist Cloud. He said, “Yeah, I will. What is position of that flying rock?”
“Right now, the Gault Asteroid is flying on the western side of Planet Jupiter and is heading towards the Solar Sun for its orbital rotation, like us.”
“Right toe! We’re switching our forward flight pathway to the eastern side of Jupiter. Everyone, hold on and hang on to your arm chair!” He slowly guides his fingertip and steers the Moth towards the opposite side of the vast outer space waves.
Hero narrated. “A fiery orange-tinted Asteroid Gault is quite unique and displays two dusty comet tails of dangling ice and rock debris. One tail is dull coral hue and measures 500,000 miles in length along the black-tinted background of outer space; the other shorter tail comes in a bright creamy hue. An array of solar heating rays is too blame coming from the Solar Sun that melts the deep pockets of stacked ice sheets on top of the coma head and then forces an ejection of the icy materials creating the lovely longer tail. The asteroid is slowly undergoing a self-destruction demise.”
“I do believe that the entire universe is undergoing a self-destruction demise. No one thing lives forever.” Stoker said.
The robot continued. “The bright streaks surrounding the flying asteroid are numerous background stars. The Gault Asteroid travels in a varied range of distance between 176,510,000 and 260,120,000 miles. Currently, the asteroid is located a little over 261 million miles away from the Solar Sun position. The Gault Asteroid was discovered in the year 1988, in the month of May, on the 12th day by a pair of Earth scientists named Carolyn and Eugene Shoemaker. The Gault Asteroid current orbital flight is 1,278 days around the Solar Sun’s position and measures 23 miles in diameter and is, of course, 500,000 miles long and is part of the inner regions inside Main Asteroid Belt between the orbital planets of Mars and Jupiter. It rides within an asteroid family of 2,000 known stony objects which is 2.2 billion years old.”
“I’m younger than that.” Stoker chuckled.
Hero stated, “The Gault Asteroids orbits the Solar Sun at an average distance of 260,120,000 miles once every three years and six months. It came closer to the Solar Sun in the month of January of the year 2020 and then closest in the month of July, in the year 2023. The asteroid was named after Earth geologist Donald Gault, an expert in impact craters on Planet Earth. The Gault Asteroid performs at one of the highest inclination angles within the Main Asteroid Belt. Several of the asteroids enjoy a crisscrossing its flight pattern in-between a red-tinted Mars and a yellow-tinted Jupiter to boot. Thus, the Gault Asteroid is classified as an active asteroid.”
“I’ve never heard of an active asteroid. Is it alive or dead?” Eartha laughed. “Is that like an active volcano on the Enceladus moon? What does that scientific asteroid term mean, to you, Zero, my not hero?” She chuckles and watches the asteroid within the Mist Cloud.
“An active asteroid might hit something or someone.” Hero stated.
Eartha yelled, “What! What are you mouthing about, over there, Zero?” She turns and frowns at the robot.
“Thanks for the science lesson, Hero.” Leer stated.
“You are very welcome, Captain!”
Eartha yelled, “He’s not the captain. He’s a pilot, a finger pilot.” She laughs at the Mist Cloud with numerous outer space items.
Hero stated, “There are over 4,000 exoplanets filled with liquid water.”
Leer smiled. “I hope we’re invited to one of those with liquid water. I feel more comfortable within liquid water, not suffocating within outer space air.”
“Outer space does not contain air molecules or air currents or air waves.” Hero stated.
Chip asked. “Where is Planet X located within the Mist Cloud, Hero?”
The robot stated. “Planet X requires 26,000 years to complete on full orbit around the Solar Sun. Planet X displays an elongated orbit high above the Solar Sun and then falls down below Dwarf planet Pluto. The planet is the size of Earth and currently is located 56 million miles from the Solar Sun in high orbit.”
“Ugh!” Stoker said. “An object that close to the Sun’s rays will appear faint and will be hard to detect by the instruments on our warship or with a mounted telescope on top of the planet’s soil too. Planet Earth is 93 million miles from the Solar Sun. Planet Neptune is 28 billion miles from the Solar Sun. Do you see the difficulty factor here?”
“So, how do we find Planet X, Captain?” Chip asked.

At 01:13:34 hours/minutes/seconds, an early morning on Neptune, within 20 rotational hours, the Moth warship passes Planet Jupiter flying 50 million miles away from the object.
Leer stated, “We’ll see it with our pair of naked eyeballs. So, stay awake and alert!”
“Incoming! Incoming! Halt the ship!” Hero shouted.
“What!” Eartha yelled.
“What!” Leer yelled. He gasps in panic seeing a brightly colored thistle blue object within the Mist Cloud.
“Halt the ship!” Stoker hollered in panic.
“Stop the ship!” Chip screamed in panic.
Leer quickly shuffles his arm, hand, and fingers upwards and then away from the Mist Cloud. The warship halts with a violent jolt knocking the other crew members down on the floor. Leer slams his hand against his leg. A shiny, extremely large, semi-circular object sweeping through the Mist Cloud and then swiftly passes 10 million miles in front the hovering Moth warship. The two other warships quickly halt in space and study the object on their individual Mist Cloud also. The brightly, shiny flying object covers the entire Mist Cloud in bright thistle blue hue without tracking its heading. Within an eyelash blink, the object is gone. The Mist Cloud disappears and as it is replaced with the glowing translucent walls, ceiling stones, and floor stones.
“What was that thing?” Eartha yelled. She slaps her chest calming her racing heart and views the ceiling stones.
“Are we dead?” Chip yelled in panic and continued to lie on the stone floor.
“Yeah!” Stoker laughed. He has been an outer space traveler for decades. He knows the name of the object. He rolls sideways over the hard stone floor then slowly stands upright shuffling to his work station.
Eartha yelled. “Of course not, Microchip!” She shakes her body parts for any injury. “Was that a fire ball? I’ve never experienced a fire ball before.” She slowly sits upright bending at her fit waistline sitting on top of the clean floor.
Darsha’s red tinted hologram face appears beside a pink tinted Tean and a blue tinted Boodle. Darsha asked. “Are you okay? Is anyone hurt?”
Chip stated. He wears a frown and slowly stands upright. “Yes. Just scared shitless!”
“Is the ship hurt or harmed or injured, Stoker?” Leer asked. He stands and scans the crew member and the walls on the ship.
“No, Leer! The warship’s working in its normal flame-burn parameters,” Stoker stated. He monitors the hologram screens.
“This mission is dangerous.” Purry said.
“No.” Leer stated. He frowns at that comment.
“This mission is deadly.” Eartha stated.
“No.” He frowned at that comment too.
“This mission is cursed.” Chip stated. He exhales with worry.
“No.” Leer yelled. He spits out his mouth salvia in the air at that comment and stares at the asteroid. “We’re fine, ya’ll! Thanks for appearing and providing support here with us! Give us a few minutes…”
“…praying to our Creator. Thanking our Creator!” Chip stated. He nods with a stern face then kneels down on the floor, folding both of his hands into a triangular shape, whispering his words for his eardrums only.
“What heavenly body almost hit us, Hero?” Stoker asked. He sits down with a smile and observes the upset and scared Outlaw crew members, except for Purry.
Hero narrated. “That identified flying object is named Comet Borisov. A comet is a snowball of ice, dust, and frozen gases. When the comet is frozen, the diameter is frozen and varies in size. During its orbit, when the sun’s rays heats the frozen ball of ice, dust and frozen gases, a tail forms and then dangles behind the comet head releasing the frozen materials.
“Comet Borisov is the first rouge comet and the second interstellar interloper into our Solar System. Comet Borisov was detected at an inbound flight path of 278,700,000 miles from the Solar Sun and 343,730,000 miles from Planet Earth running towards our Solar System at a velocity of 100,000 miles-per-hour. The comet was discovered by Earth scientist Gennadiv Borisov in the year 2019, in the month of August, on the 29th. The comet is comprised of water, diatomic carbon, carbon monoxide and amines minerals and display a tail of 55,423.20 miles in length. The comet flies in a heliocentric orbit and is not gravity-bound or gravity-pulled towards our Solar Sun. The comet always approaches in a southern direction at the ecliptic plane between the orbits of Jupiter and Mars…”
“… almost wiping us outta of the Solar System. The end! What didn’t you tell us about Comet Borisov, Zero?” Leer yelled. He sneers at the robot.
Stoker laughed. “Rouge comet Borisov is an interstellar interlope or alien or visitor, not birthed here in the Milky Way Galaxy. It was discovered by an earthling centuries ago. And it is still around for us to see. That’s cool!” He chuckles with the other life forms.
The robot stated. “The comet is not bound by the natural concept of Sun’s gravitation pull or field.”
“O!” Eartha laughed. “That explains everything. Not!” She chuckles with the other life forms.
Hero stated, “Comet Borisov made it closest pass to the Solar Sun on December 8th, 2019, at 185,800,000 miles in distance. The comet passed closest to Planet Earth at 176,510,0000 miles, in the year 2019, in the month of December, on the 28th. The long tail on the comet is fourteen times the diameter of Planet Earth.”
Stoker hummed. “Hmm! The diameter of Planet Earth is 8,000 miles. The math number 14 times the second math number of 8,000 equals a new math number of 112,000. The long tail on Comet Borisov is 112,000 miles in length. The coma head is 10 miles in diameter.”
Chip announced. “Wow! Ya can’t miss that thing!”
“But Finger Pilot Leer did!” Eartha snarled at Leer. The other life forms chuckle without Leer.
Hero continued. “Comet Borisov travels in an ecliptic plane always falling straight down from the northern hemisphere within the Milky Way Galaxy then flips its heavenly body upwards flying, running parallel to planet Jupiter at 222,084,000 space mile marker. Sometimes, it turns upwards and runs parallel with Planet Earth at 186,000,000 space miles.”
What!” Chip exclaimed. “Comet Borisov falls down into Earth’s fixed orbital flight path. Is it terrible? Will it hit Planet Eartha? Can Earth be destroyed if Comet Borisov hits it?”
“No, girlfriend!” Hero droned in a monotone voice. The other life forms laugh at the silly comment from the serious robot.
“Comet Borisov came to the closest parallel flight course on December 28, 2019, at 101,602,549 space miles.” Hero continued.
“What!? Chip expressed. “That’s to, too close for comfort. Earth will get hit. The Earth will die….”
“So nice!” Eartha smiled.
“Shut up, Miss Earthling Eartha!” Leer sneered.
Hero continued, “The gravity pull from the fixed Solar Sun within our Solar System deflects the trajectory of Comet Borisov as the comet does not orbit the fixed Solar Sun like our other planets and stars and asteroids and comets. Comet Borisov is classified as an object too close to Planet Earth, since the year 2019. Its unique flight path passes Planet Earth between 180and 203 million miles.”
“That’s plenty of free space distance between two objects, Microchip!” Leer explained. He chuckles with the other life forms but Chip.
Hero continued. “The nucleus in the year 2019 was recorded at 09.924 miles and was surrounded by a pretty coma of matching thistle blue colored cloud dust and gases. However, in the year 2199, the nucleus on Comet Borisov has been shedding chunks of its icy mass going around the Solar Sun and has shrunk down to 07.15 miles in diameter during each flyby while losing annually 00.40 percent of its mass in both water and dust particles.
“Borisov has a much larger eccentricity factor due to its higher excess velocity speed and its significantly higher space distance in millions of miles, thus the Solar Sun’s gravity field is not able to alter its flight path as it passes through the Solar System. Also, a flying object with much larger eccentricity factor possesses a much larger positive orbital energy flow.”
Eartha said, “O! So, the comet comes into the Solar System and then comes back waving at Jupiter again and again and again. When’s that space thing going to disintegrate into zillions of colorful blue and white tinted dust particles?”
Hero stated, “Currently, Comet Borisov missed our speedy warship and left our Solar System in a southeastern direction heading into the vast interstellar outer space taking 9,000 years to travel a single light year flight relative to the Solar Sun position, until it reenters our Solar System again.”
“I’m glad.” Chip stated. He wipes off the pretend sweat from his human forehead and smiles dropping his hand, slamming down onto his new business suit trousers.
“I don’t care. It’s a large ice cube in a circle format,” Leer laughed.
Hero stated, “Comet Borisov is very easy to spot as it moves in an orbital direction slightly different from that of the other fixed asteroids, within the Main Asteroid Belt. And when the flight path of Comet Borisov is dangerous to Planet Earth…”
Chip gasps in shock and turns to see Hero. He asked, “Is dangerous Comet Borisov going to collide into Planet Earth? That…that was kill us and the entire Solar System into zillions of colorful space bits.”
“We ain’t dead yet. And it’s the current year 2199, which is 180 years later from the first discovery of Comet Borisov,” Stoker laughed. “It has missed each and every season, Potato Chip!” He chuckles with the other life forms but Chip.
Chip scans the Mist Cloud image for the comet. He asked, “Where did that comet come from?”
Hero stated, “The field of comets peacefully reside inside a known ‘Comet Nursery,’ which is located, within our Solar System, in the Kuiper Belt. A frozen baby comet is always asleep and then comes alive while slowly flying around the extremely heated Solar Sun’s rays and then each one is booted outward into an erratic flight path moving away from the Solar Sun and orbits within our outer space waves. A halo of gas forms the comet head then releases carbon monoxide gases. However, Comet Borisov is an alien object from another galaxy passing through our Solar System. It is the second runaway alien object. The first runaway alien object is an interstellar interloper Comet Oumuamua.”
“Why did you almost miss the flying Comet Borisov that almost hit the Moth warship, Leer?” Darsha’s voice entered the bridge room. Her funny face appears in a red-tinted hologram and sneers at Leer.
“What!” Leer yelled. He gasps then turns to see the robot. “Why didn’t you warn me of the flying object, Zero?”
“What happened to the flying object, Hero?” Stoker asked. He sits down with a smile and observes the upset and scared Outlaw crew members, except for Purry. He ordered, “Please boot up and replay your colorful visual aids, Hero! Please show us what happened a few seconds ago!”
Chip turns and stares at the robot. He asked, “Can Hero do that?”
Stoker smiled. “Yeah. Zero is a robot. It records all the active inside the ship and outside the ship.”
Hero stated. “Let us both see and hear if I can reconstruct the flight path of the alien invader, Comet Borisov!”
“Let us do that, Hero!” Leer said. He nods several times, in silence, and crosses his arms frowning at the forward stone wall. The Mist Cloud is deactivated only showing the face of Darsha seeing in the background the array of curved translucence stone walls, the floor, and the ceiling without bits of outer space.
Hero stands upright beside Leer’s cushion and starts to blink a set of colorful lights then the face of Darsha disappears and the floor changes. A new Mist Cloud image appears. Each object is smaller in size viewing all the planets and activity in front of Planet Jupiter. The yellow tinted Solar Sun shines brightly in the center of the image. A blue and brown tinted Mercury looks like it is standing still but is starting a new orbit around the Solar Sun. A Venus follows behind Mercury.
Hero narrated. “Starting 2.8 billion miles from our Solar Sun, the comet takes 1,246 days to fly in a southern direction, without inside our Solar System, and then takes a sharp turn towards an easterly venue passing in front without hitting Planet Jupiter at 01:13:34 hour and minutes and seconds, which is a very, very early morning on Neptune within 20 rotational hours.”
“Yeah! That’s right!” Leer sneered at the colorful recording.
Hero stated, “At 15:00 hours and minutes of Neptune time, the comet is located 185,861,499.80 miles from the plane of Jupiter and 500,000 miles behind the Carme satellite moons passing on a parallel orbit of the Europe moon at a flight velocity of 100,000 miles-per-hour.”
“What the fudge?” Leer yelled. “The Europa Moon sits 416,880 miles from the center of giant Jupiter. The outer space distance of 416,880 miles is such an insignificant mathematical fracture of the 185 million number that my mind can’t calculate the outer space mile-long percentage. “
Stoker said. “He’s right!”
Hero stated, “I am identifying the precise location of the Borisov Comet without the vast outer space waves on each Neptune hour discovering why Pilot Leer missed the comet and almost killed his entire crew and destroyed the Moth warship.”
“What!” Leer yelled. He spins around and snarls at the robot. “Why…why didn’t you tell…warn me about the comet, Zero?”
Darsha asked, “Why did you not see the comet within the Mist Cloud, Leer?”
Leer gasps in shock. He sneered, “You little pile of soon-to-be shredded metal bits! You first, Zero!”
Hero stated. “My pleasure, human. I saw…”
“…and didn’t warn me.” Leer stated. He slaps his chest then lifts both of his arms in the air nodding with laughter. Stoker laughs at the funny exchange between the human and the machine. The other crew members stared in puzzlement and fear at Leer.
“Explain, Hero!” Darsha’s voice ordered, without her face.
Hero stated. “At 16:00 hours and minutes on Neptune within a 20 rotation, the comet runs on a parallel course with the Europa moon, which is 416,880 miles from the center of Jupiter.”
“That’s not accuracy! The comet is 100,001 million miles away from Planet Jupiter and is nowhere near a moon.” Stoker said. He laughs and feels confusion at the robot.
Hero stated, “I am establishing a relative know range of known Jupiter moons on a theorical parallel course beside a flying Comet Borisov, for each human mind.”
“I don’t mind,” Darsha giggled and then ordered. “Proceed, Hero!”
“Use regular words, not scientific words, Zero!” Eartha ordered sitting with a smile, staring at the Mist Cloud.
Hero stated, “At 17:00 hours and minutes on Neptune, the comet sails another 100,000 miles ahead and is located 400,000 miles from Planet Jupiter running slightly behind an almost parallel course with the orbital dust coming from the Io Moon but not yet.”
“Almost, is that word a scientific explanation of something scientific?” Stoker laughed.
Hero stated, “At 18:00 hours and minutes, based on Neptune time, the comet soars another 100,000 miles ahead and is located 300,000 miles from Jupiter and is still running a parallel course with the Io Moon. The Io Moon sits at 261,970 miles from the center of Jupiter.
“At 19:00 hours and minutes of Neptune time, the comet is 200,000 miles from Jupiter passing the parallel course with the Io Moon.
“At 20:00 hours and minutes of Neptune time, the comet is 100,000 miles from Jupiter running parallel course…”
“…by billions of miles,” Leer added.
“Millions of miles, that’s a correction point, there, Leer.” Chip injected.
Hero continued. “The comet is running a parallel course passing the Thebe Moon. The Thebe Moon sits 137,800 miles from the center of Jupiter. At 01:13:31 hours and minutes and seconds, boom!” The other crew members laugh but Leer.
Leer sneered at the robot. “What about the comet paralleling the dusty orbits of the Amathea Moon at 112,600 miles; the Adrasten Moon at 80,140 miles; the Metis Moon at 79,510 miles.”
“Leer knows his Jupiter moons.” Chip said. He nods with a smile to Leer.
“Do you have a point here, Leer?” Darsha’s voice asked. “Good! It’s your turn, Leer!”
Leer shouted, “No. It ain’t!” He sits down on top of the purple seat feeling misery, pain and betrayal, waiting on the next order from the robot or Darsha. He is not arguing or debating with a computer. The robot is built to assist man, not cuddle man-made objects.
Eartha wiggles around the seat then breaks the silence studying the Mist Cloud. She stated. “I don’t see that deadly tumbling comet anymore on the Mist Cloud.”
Hero said, “And you will not. The Mist Cloud creates visual parameters for a pilot-finger fling towards the object’s final destination. Both the Oumuamua Asteroid and Comet Borisov are two uninvited visitors into our Solar System. The Oumuamua Asteroid is an interstellar object passing through our Solar System. Oumuamua Asteroid was discovered by Earth scientist Robert Weryk on October 19, 2017. The asteroid measure 3,000 feet in length and is 548 feet thick, in dark red hue featuring the brightest shiny factor within the Milky Way Galaxy.”
“Leer can’t miss that one!” Chip expresses. The other life forms chuckle.
“I heard that, Potato Chip!” Leer snarled at the cyborg.
Hero continued. “Oumuamua Asteroid is labeled as a rouge comet tumbling up then sideways then downwards flying at 58,900 miles-per-hour, based on Earth time, of course. Oumuamua Asteroid performs a hyperbolic trajectory within our Solar System. It enters down through the northern quadrant then breaks free from the Sun’s gravity pull tumbling further downwards in a southwestern or southern flight then turns north again passing within Planet Jupiter’s orbit and sometimes Planet Earth’s orbit too. The flight direction of the asteroid is very unpredictable. Planet Earth science laboratory contains the latest information. In the year 2017, the Oumuamua Asteroid flew 21 million miles from Planet Earth. In the year 2032, it flew 15 million miles from Planet Earth.”
Eartha said. “And?”
Hero asked, “And what is your request, Assistant Earth? I do not comprehend your question.”
She spins around in her seat and points at the robot, “You’re the computer. Where were the other sightings of the Borisov Comet?”
“It has now…”
Eartha shakes her curls and her finger digit. She yelled at the robot, “No! No! The other sightings of the Oumuamua Asteroid. Where are the other visual or written or vocal or electronic sightings of the Oumuamua Asteroid coming from the other Solar System planets?”
Hero stated, “The other Solar System planets are not worried about a rouge alien Comet Oumuamua near their soil surface.”
“O!” She frowned.
“Hero, go and take your robot time! I’m happy things are back to normal again.” Darsha ordered. Three hologram faces disappear off the bridge floor.
Eartha said, “This is not normal. Nothing’s normal here or there or everywhere. I should be home eating my breakfast tray of toasted bread and a cup of cold juice.”
Leer stated. “Thanks for the visual aid, Zero! We continue forward.” He lifts his hand and nervously wiggles his fingers while scanning the Mist Cloud for another flying dangerous object. “We’re ready to try it again. We’re swiftly flying away from Jupiter. Everyone, go and sit down and be quiet! The Moth is starting a new flight path. Eartha and the other crew members sit on top of the cushion feeling slightly nervous with Leer at the controls. The Mist Cloud slowly changes displaying different star patterns. He gasps in worry then shouts out loud. “I’m blind! I’m blind!” He shades his two eyeballs with one hand dangling his other hand in the air waves without touching the Mist Cloud. The Mist Cloud glows in bright light and displays shiny objects of small, medium, and large sizes.
Eartha slowly stands and shades her two eyeballs staring into the Mist Cloud. She yelled, “The comet is gone. What is this?”
Hero addressed. “Welcome to the Main Asteroid Belt. The Main Asteroid Belt is a fixed asteroid field with many solid and irregularly shaped bodies located between the orbits of Planet Jupiter and Planet Mars. The Belt is made of planetoids or asteroids the size of Earth-shaped rock boulders thousands of feet in diameter. Each planetoid is comprised of rock, stone, iron, and nickel minerals and hold trillions of chunks of water ice ranging from smaller than a grain of rice to the size of an Earth mountain. The debris particles come from destroyed planet parts, dust and rock particles shepherding around Planet Jupiter keeping the Belt objects from spreading outwards and then invading Planet Saturn and the other planets. Five million years ago, Planet Jupiter and Planet Earth shifted inwards towards the Solar Sun and then changed direction and headed back into the Solar System. Along the way, the two planets scattered their rocky particles back towards Mars and then Jupiter creating the Main Asteroid Belt.”
“O! These are Earth’s cousins! Hello, long lost cousins!” Eartha laughed.
Hero stated, “The four largest asteroids are Ceres, Vesta, Pallas, and Hygiea. All the dust particles within the Main Asteroid Belt become very bright and light within the Mist Cloud in arrangement of colorful hues consisting of deep blues, blinding whites, popping yellows, and neon oranges.”
“I see that too.” Stoker stated. He continues to sit with a grin and monitors the engine screens sounding with a set of soft chuckles.
“Ugh! I’m still blind.” Leer yelled. He continues to shade his two sensitive human eyeballs wearing a sour frown of frustration at his currently assigned lousy Outlaw mission while wishing his person home to Neptune.
Chip shades his two sensitive implanted eyeballs from the bright glow of natural lights. He asked. “What is that?”
“That is the Main Asteroid Belt and all its shiny glory, light, right and beauty!” Stoker laughed.
Leer snarled. “How do I fly blind?”
Hero adjust the filters on the Mist Cloud. “Captain…”
“He ain’t the captain; he’s a finger pilot,” Earth laughed.
“Captain Leer, I have adjusted the filters on the Mist Cloud. Is the glow least dense now?”
“Yes! Thank you, Hero!” Leer said. He removes his hand and smiles at the Mist Cloud.
The robot continued. “The pressure of the solar radiation causes the dust particles to slowly spiral-inward towards our Solar Sun. The aura glow reflects our Solar Sun’s light. The dust cloud particles within the Main Asteroid Belt are 700,000 years old. A dust cloud is cosmic dust of small particles floating in outer space drifting between the planets, scattering sunlight, and emits wavelengths of thermal radiation particles on any heavenly object. The dust cloud is visible during a moonless night and against a naturally dark skyline.”
“I’m younger than that.” Stoker chuckled.
“The dust particles are formed from the fragments of the Jupiter family of flying comets, not coming from other flying asteroids. Some of the collisions of meteoroids that enter Earth’s atmosphere land down in the hard soil as outer space debris.” Hero continued.
“Perfect!” Eartha yelled. She softly claps and giggles “We can peacefully wait right here and watch a set of big, large nasty meteoroids destroy both Planet Earth and Taradiddle.”
“That’s a nasty comment, Earthling Eartha!” Chip frowned.
Stoker views Eartha and wears a puzzled brow. He asked, “How do you know that Commander Taradiddle is located on Planet Earth, Eartha?”
“She doesn’t know that information, only guessing that information.” Leer stated. “How am I supposed to glide a warship through a non-blinding glow of thousands and thousands of flying rocks, Zero?”
Eartha frowned. “Geez, Louise! Every space pilot knows the Main Asteroid Belt is mostly empty space containing two million asteroid bodies or more with a measured diameter of 0.62 miles down to the size of a single space dust particle.”
Chip smiled. “Hmm! I have never seen a single outer space dust particle. What does one look like, Eartha?” He chuckles with the others.
Hero stated. “An unmanned or manned small or large spacecraft can easily transverse the Main Asteroid Belt without incident. Nonetheless, a collision crash between a larger asteroid and a manned spacecraft does occasionally occur. Ceres dwarf star makes up 25 percent of the contents within the Main Asteroid Belt.”
“Stay away from Ceres!” Stoker chuckled with the others.
“Ceres is 590 miles in diameter.” Hero stated.
“Ceres is longer than our warship.” Chip frowned.
“Ceres is round and is too small to become labeled as a planet.” Hero stated. “The flying four larger asteroids measure 372 miles in diameter, which are named Vesta, Pallas, and Hygiea, and they make up 15 percent of the contents within the Main Asteroid Belt.”
“Stay away from Vesta, Pallas, and Hygiea too!” Stoker grinned.
Hero continued. “The other sixty percent of the contents within the Main Asteroid Belt…”
“I hear and comprehend your words, Zero!” Leer slowly stands upright from the cushion and wears a sour frown drawing both hands on top of his two hip bones, staring at the Mist Cloud, exhaling a single puff of sour air molecules.
Hero stated. “The Main Asteroid Belt is 400 million miles.”
Stoker smiled. “Go through the empty spaces, Leer!”
Leer gasped. “What!”
Hero always adjusts the flowing information, based on the current human conversation. It stated, “However, after all it say and not done yet. The Main Asteroid Belt possesses empty regions of known as Kirkwood Gaps. The gap is an orbital resonance closest to Planet Jupiter.”
“Where’re here already!” Stoker stated. He laughs and winks at Leer. “Lucky dog!” He chuckles with the others.
Hero continued. “Based on the gravitational pull from Planet Jupiter, it keeps small areas of outer space environment empty or clean or cleared of floating asteroids and other big or small heavenly objects.”
Chip smiled. “A safe passage through the Main Asteroid Belt…”
“Leer!” The voice from Darsha shouted into the bridge room. “Kirkwood Gaps are spaces or voids in space. No rocks hit the ship. Can you proceed, now, Leer?”
Leer exhales with annoyance wearing a sour frown. He stated. “Yes, I can. Where is the ship located in here, within the Solar System?”
Hero stated, “The Moth warship sits 498,000,000 miles…”
“Wait! Wait! Wait! The Solar Sun stands 483,000,000 miles from Planet Jupiter.” Eartha shouted. She swings around and frowns at the robot.
Hero continued, “Planet Jupiter stands 483,900,000 miles from the Solar Sun minus 50,000,000 miles after stopping for Comet Oumuamua which totals 433,400,000 miles from the Solar Sun. Comet Borisov is nowhere in sight, which is the math number of zero.”
“Not funny, Zero!” Leer sneered.
“Then you add into my equation the new distance to Planet X which is 65,000,000 miles and the product is 498,400,000 miles from the target destination.”
Eartha returns and frowns at the Mist Cloud. She said, “I give up! I give up! This is the most confusing space travel in the universe.”
Chip chuckled. “I’m lost too!”
“I’m fine!” Stoker grinned.
“I’m ready!” Purry smiled at Leer.
Leer smiled. “Are we all ready?”
“Yes!” Purry said.
“Yeah!” Chip stated.
“Whatever!” Eartha said. She frowns at the Mist Cloud.
“Yip!” Stoker said.
Hero stated. “O! Did I neglect to mention that the same Borisov Comet enjoys running the length of the Kirkwood Gaps also.”
Leer gasped in worry, “What!”
“It’s pulling your naked, hairy human leg towards Earth! Ignore the metal machine, Leer!” Eartha stated. She laughs along with the other crew members.
Hero stated. “There are over one million flying objects known to orbit the Solar Sun where 89 percent or 890,000 of them are located within the Main Asteroid Belt.”
“What!” Leer yelled. He gasps in shock.
Hero stated. “Flying around Planet Mars, in our delicate metal Moth flying machine, using the Kirkwood Gaps is the safety, longest outer space trip to Planet X.”
Eartha injected. She wears a sour frown and views the Mist Cloud. “The shortest and swiftest method of outer space flight is a straight line from here near Planet Jupiter directly to Planet X in five minutes, 18 seconds, and 24 milliseconds.”
Hero continued. “The safest method is flying through the empty spaces within the Solar System, not through hard rock, taking an extra three minutes, Captain Leer.”
“No thanks, Eartha!” Leer laughed. He lifts his hand and wiggles his fingers in the air studying the Mist Cloud. He softly chuckles at the silly moment without shading his eyeballs, sliding his finger towards the far side of the Mist Cloud. He glides the warship on the narrower outer ring of the Main Asteroid Belt towards Planet Mars going through the Kirkwood Gaps without objects or obstacles.
“Your mathematical calculations are correct. Your mind is incredible, Assistant Eartha. You should be…”
“…home…” She whispered.
“What! No seconds or milliseconds!” Stoker laughed. “There’s something wrong with Zero!” He chuckles with the other life forms while looking down, fiddling with the hologram controls.
Hero stated. “The Moth warship is 45 minutes and 31.590 seconds from a rotating Planet X. The ship is 291,900,000 miles from Planet Mars and will pass that planet in 26 minutes and 54 seconds…”
“… or faster …” Stoker chuckled.
“Make it, so much more, faster, Stoker, for me!” Leer stated.

At 01:25:47 hours/minutes/seconds, based on 20 rotational hours of Neptune, at this point, within outer space and time, the colorful image from the Mist Cloud shows that Planet Jupiter is sitting downwards and slightly northeast from the Solar Sun’s position.
Planet Mars is chasing after a blue and white tinted Planet Earth and flies slightly below a gigantic yellow-tinted Solar Sun position within the eastern quadrant.
The northeastern quadrant is busy section within outer space.
Planet Jupiter parallels the Churyumov-Gerasmaenko Comet. The Churyumov-Gerasmaenko Comet runs slightly ahead of dwarf planet Ceres. Ceres slightly falls behind the parallel orbit of the Bennu Asteroid.
Hero stands against the curved wall and studies the Mist Cloud. It stated. “Asteroid Bennu measures 1,250 feet tall and 1,640 feet and five inches in width. It flies at a velocity of 63,000 miles-per-hour. The flying rock is 1.75 million years old and orbits the fixed Solar Sun every 436.69 days or 1.19548 years, based on Earth time clock.
“The asteroid was birthed from the Main Asteroid Belt between Planets Mars and Jupiter. The asteroid was historically part of a larger flying asteroid in the same colors of brown with black veins of iron and then it collided with another extra-large asteroid and then it broke off and became the Bennu Asteroid. The Bennu Asteroid started to migrate into an orbital flight path around the closest fixed object, Planet Earth.
“The asteroid displays sixteen feet wide craters from numerous other flying asteroid impacts while sailing within the inner regions of the Main Asteroid Belt. It orbits 200 million miles from the fixed Solar Sun in an elliptical oval-shape. The orbital flight path on the Bennu Asteroid is influence by the Yarkovsky Effect, where the motion from the giant outer planets of Saturn and Jupiter change the spin, shape, and surface features on the rock. 
“The Bennu Asteroid was discovered in the month of September, on the eleventh day, in the year 1999. Bennu travels 438 days around the Solar Sun’s position. In the year 2135, on the ninth day, in the month of September, Asteroid Bennu flew 65,000 miles too close to Planet Earth.”
“I remember that day!” Eartha laughed.
Stoker frowned. “You’re too young!”
“Thank you!” She said. Eartha turns and winks at Stoker.
Stoker laughed. “O! I meant to say that I’m too young to remember that event.” He chuckles with the others as Eartha sneers at Stoker.
The Bennu Asteroid follows Planet Mars. Since the northeastern section of the Solar System is crowded, Leer glides the Moth into empty space without stars but displaying numerous gaseous clouds of dust particles in colorful hues crossing the faint, dusty, dry trail on the Psyche asteroid passing a spinning Planet Mars.
Hero stated. “Good job, Captain Leer! The Moth has passed Planet Mars and enters the Goldilocks Zone.”
“What’s that?” Chip asked. His computer brain implants can address the academic question with his academic knowledge, but his human curiosity cannot help to excitedly annoy his crew mates and the robot.
Hero addressed the human question. “The Goldilocks Zone is an outer space region exclusively posed between Planet Mars and Planet Earth comprising 29 billion Earth-sized planets and 11 red dwarf stars. The Zone measures from 35,340,000,000 miles to 930,000,000,000 miles. Once upon a time, the earthlings thought alien life lived on one of the hard asteroids within the Goldilocks Zone. Thus, the name Goldilocks comes from an earthling fairy tale where a child invades someone’s home and finds a bowl of cereal that is just right, not to hot or too cold.”
“What!” Chip yelled. He laughs and shakes his fake head of hair. “What does a cold bowl of cereal have to do with a cold, hard rock?”
“I do believe you just answered your own question, Microchip!” Stoker laughed.
“O!” Chip chuckled.
Hero stated without emotion, “The warship is 48,600,000 miles from Planet Earth and will clearly see the globe in four minutes and 41.88 seconds. Don’t eye blink! Else you’ll miss it!”
Earth stated, “Not much there to miss, ladies and gentlemen!” She leans back into her cushion and smiles into the Mist Cloud. “Been there, then left from there!” Her assigned cushion is positioned on the left side of the bridge room and as her eyeballs views the eastern side of the Mist Cloud.
The formation is technically a cloud of colorful object such like, a puff of smoke or a mist of fog. The cloud particles invade and occupy all space elements within the bridge room slamming into the curved wall, a flat floor and a curvy ceiling structure. Also, the heavenly objects amplifying the actually outer space molecules are reflected here inside the confides of the room, within the Mist cloud. She sees the Orion Constellation that currently resides both on the eastern side of the galaxy and the Solar Sun. However, the stars, the planets, the moons, the exoplanets, the comets, and the asteroids do not lie in an individual fixed place, within outer space, but move or shift or travel in an eastern path around the only fixed object, the Solar Sun, due to the gravity.
The Orion Constellation is an enormous puff of hot gases and gathered space dust sitting 1,500 light years or 9,000,000,000,000,000 miles from Planet Earth. The constellation spreads 240,000,000,000,000 miles across the cold, black outer space molecules, where new stars are born and are loosely cradled and watched by a babysitter, who is named gravity.
The star constellation fills with beautiful awesomeness the side wall, right behind the sitting body of Stoker, painting a high, wide, red-tinted, jagged-edge ball-shaped mist of gases on top, a sideways, banana-shaped line below the red ball and then four blue or pink tinted tiny balls lining parallel with the sideways banana-shaped line.
The red ball is a called Lobamba Nebula, a field of space dust and gases, housing in the center the glowing star named as Meissa star. Outside on the western side of the Lobamba Nebula shows dying star Betelgeuse. The opposite side star is called Belatrix.
Eartha remembers some of her academic schooling but does not recall the celestial history of each star but is familiar with the brightly shiny Orion Constellation while residing down on Planet Earth as a child.
Hero possesses that scientific information. However, the robot is slightly annoying and softly chatty explaining some of the other heavenly objects.
Leer is highly concentrated steering the warship, not into one of the floating heavenly objects.
Stoker is busy fiddling with the monitors on the flame-burn engines.
Purry sits and stares at the new objects along with Chip.
Eartha smiles and continues to admire the colorful image on the curved wall. The sideways banana-shaped line is called Barnard’s Loop and painted in red hue with numerous brightly colored hot, white-tinted baby stars. Within the curved space which are millions of miles away from Barnard’s Loop, four clouds pulsate. The top round-shaped is pale blue kissing a smaller pink-tinted gas cloud. Below the pink tinted cloud lies the Orion Nebula in pale blue hue with seven dull-looking star that form the Pleiadean Star Cluster.
The Pleiadean star cluster glows in brightly, heated, blue tinted stars. These stars are young exploding into massive fireballs, creating a set of new stars and pretty images in outer space.
For centuries, the Seven Sisters, the name of the seven stars thriving within the Pleiadean Star Cluster were mentioned inside The Holy Bible text and hinted at thriving alien colonies, who will come and save Planet Earth.
Backwards in time and space, within the 21st century, in the year 2021, all types of psychics, politicians, prophets, and some pet animals predicted a cool, warming visitation from numerous outer space starships with gangs of friendly smart aliens.
Eartha was birthed on Planet Earth, in the year 2169 A.D., after World War 13. She had continued to hear about the upcoming alien visitation that would save mankind from him and herself, but never saw a pair of yellow tinted eyeballs on a green-skinned alien standing on Earth’s soil. Maybe, the aliens became scared or visited another galaxy. Eartha would have too after living and learning with the nasty pod of earthlings on Planet Earth.
On top of the bridge room, she wiggles inside the chair for comfort wiping the past memories from her active mind studying the last pale blue gas cloud within the Orion Constellation that houses the glowing star named Rigel.

Two minutes later, Hero stated. “The barely seen and known alien object named Comet Oumuamua is on the left-side wall behind the hairy skull on Eartha.” Each crew member turns and sees a bright orange tinted object.
“What!” Eartha yelled. She gasps in shock and spins around viewing the object.
“Wow!” Stoker said. He looks up and smiles at the object.
“Amazing!” Chip said. He views and grins at the object.
Hero continues. “Comet Oumuamua is…”
Stoker shouted pointing at the ceiling stones. “The Northern Cross star! Look up! Look up! Look at that! The Northern Cross star glows ahead of a spinning Planet Earth. Tabby’s Star is part of the Northern Cross constellation. Tabby’s Star is 1,740 light years or miles from Planet Earth. The light from fixed star fluctuates from white hue to red tint due to uneven rings of dust particles. Tabby’s Star was discovered by Earth scientist Tabitha Byaajian, in the year 2015 A.D. Tabby’s Star stands very close to the Solar Sun position. Watch for it! Watch for it!” Stoker smiles at the Mist Cloud.
“Watch for what, Stoker?” Chip asked. He frowns at the Mist Cloud.
“Tabby’s Star is about to wink at you, Chip.” He laughed. The star turns from a bright white hue into a dull red color winking at the individuals. Each crew member chuckles and loudly claps at magnificence celestial object. Stoker laughs. “I think she likes you, buddy!” He chuckles with the others.
Stoker yelled. “Watch for it! Watch for it!” A burst of light appears in white hue then a long flowing horizontal plume of glittering red hue jolts outwards from the fixed star then slowly drifts in space. Next, a loud sound slams into the forward panels.”
“Wow, girl!” Leer shouted. He feels the sound waves slam into the metal panel and then slides his finger sideways getting away from the expanding sound field. The starship slowly rocks back and forth as the sound slides across the metal further into outer space.
“Flare star!” Hero stated. “Ross 154 is the name of the flare star by ancient and dead Earth scientists. Ross 154 is a dim, cool, young star closer to the Solar Sun than us standing 9.7 light years from Planet Earth. The star was discovered by Frank Elmore Ross in the year 1925 A.D. The star is composed of metallic concentration of iron and is less than one billion years old. The star completes its orbit around the Solar Sun every 26 days.”
“Three. Two. One. Zero. Watch for it! Watch it!” Stoker laughed. The flowing horizontal plume of glittering red hue quickly morphs into a pile of black-tinted burnt ashes drifting in outer space.”
Eartha smiled, “Wow!”
“Cool!” Purry grinned.
“Hot!” Chip laughed.
Hero stated. “Ross 154 is a flare star that bursts its brightness five times greater than normal within less than one minute then falls back to normal luminosity, within three minutes, before flaring suddenly again, after resting for several hours. The burst of light plus the radio waves plus the flare emit 10,000 times the normal amount of power and it deadly lethal to both planets and us.”
“We saw. We survived.” Leer stated. “What does Planet X look and smell like?” Leer stated. He laughs and continues to fly the warship.
Chip stated. “I know. I know. Planet X is a super-sized Planet Earth and lives within the Goldilocks Zone. Planet X is 36.60 million miles and completes one orbit in 26,000 years around the fixed Solar Sun.”
Say what!” Eartha stated.
Hero stated. “Best of all! Planet X naturally hums out a musical chord in F sharp attracting all transport ships and unwelcomed visitors, like us.”
“Say what!” Eartha repeated. She laughed with amusement at both Chip and Hero.
Stoker studies the hologram monitors. He sung. “Hmm! I am picking up musical notes on my monitors coming from outer space.”
Eartha gasps in shock and turns to see Stoker. She yelled, “No shit!”
“True shit!” Stoker yelled. He nods his bald mound at Eartha.
Leer studies the Mist Cloud. He laughed. “Follow that musical song, Hero!”
Hero stated. “Yes, Captain Leer! Our Moth warship is 157,900,000 miles away from Planet X. We will arrive at Planet X in 14 minutes and 35 seconds. Pilot and Captain Tean and Leader Captain Darsha are flying slightly behind the Moth.”
Leer continued to fly and stated. “Where is the thing located at? How do I know if I hit or pass the thing? I don’t know what Planet X looks like.”
“No person knows the description of Planet X. You follow the signal.” Hero stated.
He frowned, “What signal?”
Hero stated. “Planet X emits a high-pitched signal.” The quiet room echoes with a loud sound.
“Cut it off, Zero!” Leer yelled. The sound disappears. Leer exhales with annoyance. “We, human possess sensitive eardrums that can pop open and cause deafness coming from a loud sound. Didn’t your circuits know that information?”
“Yes, my computer circuits contain that information.”
Leer yelled. “Then use your brains!” He laughs with the others then exhales with annoyance. “I still don’t know the location of Planet X. Can you blaze a fireball trail identifying the location of Planet X within the cold, dark outer space environment?”
Hero stated, “No, I cannot blaze a streak of deadly fire within outer space; but I can highlight the sound wave in the color of neon yellow.” A bright yellow line appears within black outer space streaking in a northwesterly direction.
“That’ll do it!” Leer stated. He laughs and follows the yellow line flying above the rotating planets, through colorful dust balls, and individual mists of space dust. The other two warships follow several millions of miles behind his glowing tail on the warship. As the signal grows in pitch, the yellow light becomes wider.
Stoker frowns at his hologram monitors and then looks up seeing the Mist Cloud. He stated. “Well, I hate to mention this before Hero does. We are moving from the Goldilocks Zone while following the yellow bricked road,” he laughs with Eartha. She turns and winks to Stroker. He continued. “We are flying towards the fixed Solar Sun and will pass the fixed Solar Sun. The yellow bricked road following the signal or musical note is going beyond the fixed Solar Sun’s limits into deep space. 
Chip quickly slips off the seat, spins around and lifts both of his palms near his worried face. He yelled. “No! If we fly behind the fixed Solar Sun, then we will travel backwards in time…”
“…and space and place and your mother!” Stoker laughed. “No, Chip! That’s not correct!” He chuckles with the other crew members.
Eartha yelled, “Let’s do it, too it!” She laughs with a nod spinning around to see Chip.
“No! No! No! We’re all in danger here!” Chip repeated.
“Sit down, be quiet, and behave, Potato Chip!” Leer ordered.
Stoker smiled. “Your information is all a myth used in science fiction entertainment programs on your palmer.”
Eartha smiled at Chip, “Now, we know, where he got the detailed description of Planet X. As no other pair of human eyeballs or metal sensors of a robot has been or seen to Planet X before.”
Chip yelled. “What! No!”
“Yes!” She laughed.
“Nope!” He frowned.
“Yeah!” She sneered.
“Forget it. O! Forget It!” Leer yelled. He laughs with the other crew members.
Hero stated. “Captain Leer, this is a very large object hanging in outer space and we are fast approaching it.”

At 01:38:22 hours/minutes/seconds, the Moth warship approaches an object slowly twirling in outer space.
Eartha asked studying the object among the twinkling stars within outer space, “What is that?”
“Is that it?” Chip asked. He continues to sit and narrows his two eyelids at the new object.
“The musical signal or sound is coming from that object. Yes, I can verify that event.” Stoker states. He continues to monitor the screens while staring at the object too.
The object is comprised of shiny metal pieces in the dull metal colors of reds, blues, yellows, greens, black, and silvers. Gleaming from the dull metal are thousands of tiny lights representing tiny windows. Each window contains unknown numbers of living and thriving citizens on Planet X. The object is shaped like an Earth land turtle. An Earth land turtle possess a solid shell and five holes protruding two front legs and three rear legs for crawling. Each protruding turtle leg is not smooth but rough containing a collection of big, medium, small, and tiny space crafts. On top of each craft, an array of small and long deer antlers reaches up, sticking out into outer space, catching communication links for the citizens. The bone skull on a true Earth turtle can retract and hide inside its own hole for safety too. However, the head on this beast is flat and houses an array of large tubes and tubs capturing the solar flames from the fixed Solar Sun. And the floating turtle-like object has been stabbed with two sets of long arrows. Each arrow is flat and holds numerous parked tiny spaceships.
On the bridge, Hero stated. “That is the source of the signal. That is the Planet X.”
Stoker pointed at the object, “That is a floating spaceship. Well, it is numerous starships that have been cobbled or soldered together making a gigantic object. And that object does not run on flame-burn but uses flame-burn as a source of heat and light. That object is located millions and millions of miles away from everything.”
Hero stated. “Stoker has thoroughly explained Planet X.”
Leer lifts his finger. The Moth warship halts and does not circle the object hovering several thousands of miles from the unfamiliar object. He said. “Planet X is not an even planet. It’s a space ship in outer space. Well, I don’t believe it.” He slaps his hand down into his lap and continues to study the object.
Eartha laughed, “I believe it and see it. Planet X is a spaceship.”
Purry asked, “What do we do now?”
The Mist Cloud changes into a hologram image in the color of red. The face is a female. She wears a head of cropped hair, an eye patch over one eyeball, and half of an ear point. Based on the red scattered image, a hologram does not allow wrinkles or scars or ages.
Eartha sneered. “Who’s that?”
Chip stated, “They are contacting us, Leer.”
Leer stated, “I can see that. Do you…”
“Hello, strange!” The voice from the red tinted hologram female echoed throughout the quiet room, “This is a wonderful surprise. We were not expecting visitors today. But we always welcome company with good news.”
Chip slowly stands on top of his seat. He stated, “We…”
Leer stands and walks to the edge of the hologram. He ordered. “I got this one, Chip. We’re visitors today. But we bring bad news.”
She smiled, “I do not believe so. We see good news.”
“What?” Leer stated.
She stated, “We will purchase your starship for 16 million bits.”
Leer gasps in shock and waves both of his hands. He yelled. “No! Our starship is not for sale. But we do wanna purchase something from you.”
She gasped. “Well, that is a plum proposal. What do you want, Captain?”
He smiled. “You possess an art work. The art work looks like a rock. We want to buy it for one million bits.” Her face from the bridge room disappears for a few seconds. Then a new image comes appears and displays a glass container with a multi-colored, dull-looking ball. 
“That’s it!” Purry stated without standing but pointing at the object.
Leer stated. He exhales with relieve, “And it is still intact too.”
“The ball displays and is replace with the face of the same female. She smiled, “Based on your verbal reactions, this is the object you seek. We will trade the ball in the glass for your starship.”
“No!” Leer frowned. “First, that’s not a fair trade. Second, this is our starship. Third, we can’t go home without a starship…”
She winked to Leer, “You are most welcome to come and stay here, after we purchase your warship.”
“No!” Leer yelled. “Fourth, we offer a fair price for the art piece.”
She stated, “Hmm! I might not wanna part with my art piece.”
Eartha sits on the seat and frowns with annoyance. She asked. “Where did you get that art piece?”
The female turns and views Eartha. She smiled. “Somewhere!”
Leer waves both of his palms near his sour frown. “Right toe! That art piece contains radiation rays that are harming you and your people. We are here to relieve the art piece off your…base for the safety of your people.”
The female looks at Leer. She giggled. “Really?”
Leer stated. He nods with a stern face, “Really!”
She looks down and views the art piece without showing the art piece again. “The art piece does not feel heated or hot or cold or wet. I feel the smooth, silky glass container. It feels normal. I do not see how radiation particles are leaking through the glass.”
Leer exhales with frustration slipping his chest. He stated. “Believe me! The ball radiates in radiation.”
She smiled. “O! The ball contains the radiation. Well, that makes sense to me.” The female continues to view the art piece without seeing Leer.
Leer stated with a smile. “Excellent! That’s a good decision.”
She looks up and winks to Leer. She stated, “Yes, it’s a good decision. I will remove the glass and then decontaminated the ball. Then my prize can lounge in the fresh air. Thus, the ball is useless to you. But I’m interested in purchased your warship and adding to my collection.”
“Collection.” Stoker laughed.
“No! No! No!” He yelled. He waves both of his arms and gasps in worry. “Don’t open the glass container. Don’t expose the ball to the fresh air molecules!”
She laughed. “Why not? You have piqued my curiosity now!” She looks down with a smile and works her arms. She is trying to pen the glass container which must be broken. Glass breaks on the communication link. Leer gasped in shock with the other crew members.
Stoker continues to stand cool and calm sitting down, watching the flame-burn engines and then looks to see the leader of the Planet X. He stated. “Captain, the flame-burn engines are ready for your command. Our warship is stable but too close to Planet X. I would suggest break away from the planetary orbit flying due north away from Planet X and the other two Moth ships. Darsha is heading due west. Tean is heading due south preventing a collision course among the blinding rays of Solar sunlight. And there are not many more planets or large stars north of the Solar Sun.”

At 01:49:16 hours/minutes/seconds, the hologram image distorts then displays the face and body of the female leader. She slowly backsteps and screams in panic.
“Cut the hologram, Zero! Cut the hologram, Zero!” Leer waves both of his palms near his worried brow. The hologram disappears and is replaced with the Mist Cloud. The Mist Cloud displays an ugly metal collage of Planet X, the bright fixed Solar System, and zillions of twinkling stars.  He yelled. “Right toe! Left toe! Head north! Head north! We’re outta of here! Thanks Stoker!” He reaches out and touches a few inches above Planet X. The Moth breaks orbit from a stationary Planet X and flies due north heading towards a dull-looking smaller star. He continues to touch the nearest faint star flying away from the bright Solar Sun heading into blackness of cold outer space again. The crew members continue to sit quietly then turn to see the rear wall.
The rear wall presents Planet X. The object flashes in darkness then brightness continuously. Each turtle leg starts to wobble breaking off the tiny than large pieces of metal. The metal falls endlessly down in outer space, maybe, hitting a dwarf star within a few hundred years.
All the arrow points shake violently. Each parked ship falls down from the flat platform also traveling slowly through outer space until it hits around celestial object.
Leer does not view the rear wall but can guess at the condition of Planet X, after the stupid leader of Planet X had opened the containment glass, exposing the sleeping rock soldier. He steers the warship upwards, faster, and further away from Planet X. Then the rear wall displays the bright rays from the fixed Solar Sun. The light will blind the crew members and the explosion of Planet X. He does not say a word to his crew as he and the rest of his crew members know the finale of the Planet X also.
The Moth crew members sit silence and continue to watch the changing Mist Cloud field comprised of bright and dull stars, clouds of colorful gases and geometric drifting pockets of glowing space dust.
Eartha leans back into the soft pillow on her sitting cushion that does not display a hologram console for a working job. She is the assistant, but she does not know what she is supposed to assist with or who or why or how or whatever. She blocks her mind from the destruction of Planet X. The female leader is a fool and has made a foolish decision costing the life of every citizen of Planet X.
She redirects her brain cells to a happier and calmer eyeball view. Eartha enjoys the changing environment within the Mist Cloud and is amazing at the new technology. Her life inside the Great Spot on Planet Neptune does not required advanced technology for surviving. Life is simple and elegant there. Eartha desires to end this Outlaw outer space mission and return home where she will flirt and then marry Leer having a child, living the rest of days and nights there. And they pair so nicely as a new romantic couple.
She shifts her eyeballs to Leer. He concentrates on flying and carefully maneuvers his finger pad to the next object gliding the Moth away from the Solar Sun and Planet X. She turns with a smile and views the rear wall of glittering stone displaying a curved array of bright lights among the dark background of southern objects. Based on her massive star and planet knowledge, from her vast academic classes, Eartha views and then studies the Ring Nebula.
The Ring Nebula appears like an elliptical ring shape with an outer circle of yellow and orange ionized gases that expel dust into interstellar space. The nebula is 2,570 light years from Planet Earth.
She smiles at the beauty of the outer space which has been created by the Creator. Her eyeballs stare and study the Whirlpool Galaxy.
The Whirlpool Galaxy is a round-shaped dot of bright light. The galaxy possesses a spiral structure with a white tinted center and two spiral arms covered in bright pink dots and brown tinted stellar clouds, and bright blue young stars. The galaxy is 23 million light years from Planet Earth. The galaxy was discovered by earthling scientist Charles Messier, in the year 1773, in the month of October, on the 13th day.
Planet Earth was the only existence of life forms for centuries, until a pod of brave and stupid humans left their home world and exploded the other outer space objects. As each named planet and bright star were discovered by an earthling, so each recorded mathematical space distance from Celestial Object A to Celestial Object B was measured in space miles from base point of Planet Earth.
Her eyeballs wander sideways studying the smaller companion galaxy of the Whirlpool Galaxy which was named by a group of silly earthling scientists with the silly name of NOC 5195.
No earthling or alien has bothered to rename the galaxy as no earthling or alien has ever left the Solar System or the Milky Way Galaxy.
NOC 5195 was discovered by earthling scientist Pierre Mechain in the year 1781. The smaller galaxy measures 76 light years in diameter and comprises 43 percent size measurement of the Milky Way Galaxy.
Eartha gasps in shock then clears her throat without startling Leer into wrecking the Moth, announcing to her fellow ship mates. She asked, “Could Taradiddle have left the Milky Way Galaxy and traveled in his fancy warship to Whirlpool Galaxy? His warship runs on flame-burn engines and can easily fly there leaving his rock army behind inside a glass container and forging a new life as an old alien.” That bold conclusion allows the Outlaw outer space mission to end returning every human and robot back to their original home world.
Hero addresses her questions standing on the floor, studying the Mist Cloud. It stated, “No, Assistant Eartha. Commander Taradiddle did not commit and then conduct those particularly unbelievable travel plans. The Whirlpool Galaxy possesses two supernovas. One appears in yellow hue and the other one is viewed in red hue. Each supernova is surrounded by new, active star formations. A human life form could not survive the intense radiation waves.”
“He’s a rock.” She said to the rear wall.
The robot stated, “A rock cannot survive the intense radiation waves either.”
Leer softly chuckles and continues to glide the warship in a northern direction deeply into the uncharted realms of the Solar System.
Chip leans into the cushion and smiles at the Mist Cloud. He stated, “The Lagoon Nebula is the largest and the brightest cloud in the galaxy tonight. The gas vipers form a lovely U-shaped mist in mostly pink tinted colors embedded with numerous white stars. Is it night or day now?”
“Outer space is always a night, Memory Chip.” Stoker laughed.
Hero narrated the new topic. “The Lagoon Nebula is positioned far above the fixed yellow-tinted Solar Sun and is an active stellar nursery of dust and gases, where new baby stars are formed. The nebula is located near the center of the Milky Way Galaxy and sits 4,700 light years or 28,200,000,000,000,000 miles from Planet Earth. The nebula is an embedded open star cluster with white, hot baby stars making the thing glows. The cloud crosses whamping 33 light years or 198,000,000,000,000 miles within our massive cold, black-tinted outer space.”
Stoker frowned. “Where does the name lagoon come from?”
“A dark lane of gases passes through the nebula like a sandbar.” Hero stated.
“What’s a sandbar?” Stoker asked. Then he laughs with the others.
“The Trifid Nebula in pale blue hue is kissing the tip of the pink tinted Lagoon Nebula. A beautiful celestial work of art!” Chip smiled.
“I didn’t know a machine can feel.” Eartha chuckled.
Chip ignores the rude comment from the rude earthlings. He stated, “The Trifid Nebula appears like a pair of heavenly angel’s wings.”
“Uh! Do not caste a curse on us, Machine Boy!” She sneered at Chip.
Chip yelled, “What!” He turns and snarls at Eartha.
Hero stated trying to avoid a dog fight between the two human life forms. “The Trifid Nebula does not kiss the Lagoon Nebula but sits 5,200 light years or 31,200,000,000,000,000 miles from Planet Earth and appears 42 light years or 252,000,000,000,000 miles in diameter.”
Eartha frowns then stop sneering at a silly part man and part human Chip, leaning back with a smile, viewing the Holmberg Galaxy.
The Holmberg Galaxy is 700 million light years or miles from Planet Earth. The galaxy was discovered by earthling Erik Holmberg in the year 1937. The galaxy shows a bright center ball which is represented by a supermassive black hole with a mass volume of 40 billion Solar Suns.
On the opposite side of the curved wall, Chip continues to sit on top of his green tinted cushion morphing into a new look, wearing a vanilla colored sports jacket, a pair of green tinted trousers, a pair of purple tinted shoes, a head of orange colored long hair strands, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of dark brown tinted skin as he is part machine and part human, who can change his body and his clothes faster than the speed of light.
Chip lifts both hands near his frown. He shouted out loud. “Whoa, Leer! Stop the pony, man! You’re about the hit the outer edges of the Main Asteroid Belt that’s located far away from the Solar Sun beans.” He points into the Mist Cloud. The cloud displays a rich, dark tinted background with an array of curved bright and dull lights of stars that hides the edge of the asteroid field.
“What!” Leer yelled. He lifts his guiding index finger as the ship slowly halts and hovers in the outer space waves.
Stoker sits and nods to the Mist Cloud. He stated, “Chip is correct. We are 232,500,000 miles away from the Solar Sun. I think your eyeballs are outta of the blinding rays of bright solar sunlight now, Leer. You should start turning towards the western skies following the glowing object on the left-side of the Mist Cloud. That’s Halley’s Comet completing its orbit around the Solar Sun heading back south entering the darker side of the Solar System. We should quickly pass its orbital tail as its trailing debris field particles linger around and flood the outer space waves, sometimes in the flight path of a starship. The comet tosses off small and large rocks and ice cubes that can cut into the stone finish on our new warship. After all, we are only humans, not gods and goddesses without supernatural powers.” He laughs with the others.
Eartha sits upright and frowns at Stoker. She sung, “Hmm! I’ve only been asleep for fifteen minutes. That’s does seem impossible. How are we able to travel ahead 232,500,000 miles from the Solar Sun in fifteen minutes? Is Chip wrong?”
Stoker stated, “Chip is very correct. We have traveled 232,500,000 miles in fifteen minutes. A Beetle starship, with maximum flame burn flies at 659,500,000 miles-per-hour. In four standard hours, a Beetle starship can travel 2,638,000,000 miles. The Moth performs an average flame-burn speed at 930,000,000 miles-per-hour.”
“Wow! That’s faster than the speed of light!” Chip smiled.
Stoker smiled, “And that’s a minimum of 141 percent improvement factor over the Beetle’s top flame-burn speed.” He softly claps and lightly chuckles with the others returning back to the console, monitoring the controls.
Leer stands and lifts his palms near his smile. He stated, “Right toe! We own a fast ship. I’m going to sail ahead a little piece towards the northern direction than slowly curve around heading into a southernly direction without shaking your cushion seat.” He laughs and sits down. “Everyone, get settled and watch me do my stuff.” He lifts and wiggles his finger pad gently tapping on the faint object. The ship swiftly flies ahead northerly then slows the speed carefully curving within the interstellar space, facing in a southern direction. The ship starts to sail ahead in a smooth flight, when a single loud, low sound in dong enters the bridge room.
“Stop the ship! Halt the ship! Stop the ship, Leer!” Chip yelled. He slides off the cushion and stands short on top of the flat floor studying the Mist Cloud. Leer cringes with worry then drops his finger from the Mist cloud. The ship slowly halts and then hovers in outer space.
“What’s wrong? Why is the ship stopping?” Purry shouted. She slowly stands and studies the Mist Cloud also.
“What was that?” Chip yelled. He slowly twirls around and finger points in all direction at the stone walls that are mostly covered in the Mist Cloud. “I heard that too. I heard that low donging sound. What is that loud and low donging sound? Is the warship harmed or hurt?”
Leer gasps in shock. He yelled, “No! I didn’t harm or hurt the ship. I heard that noise too. What is that sound? I don’t know. I have never heard that noise.” A second single loud, low sound of dong penetrates the bridge room again.
Eartha gasps in worry. She asked, “Where is that scary noise coming from within our new warship? Is our new warship breaking apart from the interior stone walls? Are the stone walls calling or wailing or crying? Because, need I remind all of us, that we are located in naked outer space, not inside a ship port.” She turns and studies each wall which is covered by the Mist Cloud while looking for any slashes.
Purry studies each stone wall while looking for any problems, in silence. A third single loud, low donging sound echoes inside the bridge ship again. Each crew member continues to hunt for the original sound without showing too much panic.
Leer said. “Do I need to contact Tean or Darsha for a quick rescue act?”
“Yes,” Eartha said. She nods and continues to scan each stone wall. Purry is silence but continues to hunt for the sound feeling fear and puzzlement.
“Do it, too it, Leer!” Chip ordered. He nods and continues to search each stone wall without seeing any problems. A fourth single loud low donging sound echoes inside the bridge ship again. Each crew member continues to hunt for the original sound without showing too much panic.
Stoker slowly stands from his assigned cushion and turns smiling at Leer. He stated, “The galaxy is noisy…”
“…like my last sex partner.” Leer winked with laughter to Stoker.
“What is that noise? Do you know, Stoker?” Chip asked. He continues to hunt for the origin of the musical tone.
A steady musical note plays another low, loud dong banging sound against the stone wall inside the bridge room first and then follows with new musical note, an ear-piercing squawking sound.
Each person covers their earlobes.
Chip gasps in alarm. He asked, “What…what’s that second new sound? It…it sounds like a flock of birds, but a flock of birds do not fly around within the outer space environment.”
“Is the new or old sound a signal coming from Taradiddle’s warship?” Eartha asked. He nods with a smile and scans the Mist Cloud. “Are we tracking his warship within the Mist Cloud?”
“No.” Hero stated.
“Then what are those two paired musical songs, which is driving me insane, Stoker? You seem to know something better than I do not.” Leer stated. He turns and frowns at Stoker. “Has the Moth burned a hole in its belly or something weird?”
“No.” Hero stated.
He thumbs back behind his collar bone and sneers to Stoker. He ordered, “Then go down and check on the flame-burn engines, Stoker!”
“There is no need, Captain Leer. The musical notes create the Song of the Galaxy.” Hero stated.
“It’s only the Song of the Galaxy.” Stoker smiled the Mist Cloud.
“What! What is the Song of the Galaxy?” Chip frowned with confusion.
“Where are the low and high-pitched musical notes coming from? What is the source of the musical notes? I have never heard that musical song. Is the flame-burn fire pit dying or dead or something else?” Eartha studied the curved bridge room walls.
Purry stated. “No, that is not the correct answer, Eartha. The warship has worked within normal parameters for billions of miles without a hiccup throughout outer space.”
Leer spins around and points at the robot. He stated, “You and Stoker know the answer to my pending question. Explain the Song of the Galaxy!”
Hero continues to stand on top of the floor without blocking any of the Mist Cloud field. It stated, “You can see celestial heavenly cosmic objects with your eyeballs; you can hear the celestial heavenly cosmic objects with your eardrums as a lovely set of low and soft musical notes.”
Leer lifts both of his palms in the air waves then slaps both of them down to each leg shaking his curls. He said, “O! That makes perfect sense, Zero!”
Eartha spins around and sneers at the robot. She yelled, “What! What does that statement mean, Zero?” Purry and Chip turn and stare at the robot in silence also.
Hero stated. “I am a computer life form and one with the Moth warship. I can project and…”
“…use your long-range visual sensors and project the mysterious outer space object to the humans, Hero. And use your long-range audio sensors and bombard the sensitive human eardrums with the musical tunes of the galaxy.” Stoker ordered. He sits with a grin staring into the Mist Cloud.
“Yes, Stoker!” Hero stated. It starts blinking numerous lights without sound.
“Cover your eardrums, ya’ll!” Stoker ordered. He laughs and covers his earlobes watching the Mist Cloud.
The Mist Cloud quickly changes in color and then sound with additional musical notes while displaying an enormous black tinted object. The eye-catching rotating gaseous disk shows an outer glowing pink tinted halo and an inner red tinted spiral formation. Objects quickly travel through space and then hits the halo ream creating brilliant fireworks display in an array of vivid colors in red, yellow, blue, green flashes.
Leer and other humans quickly shade a pair of eyeballs from the vivid bright lights. Leer shouted with alarm, “Dial it down! Reduce the Mist Cloud, right now, Hero!” Hero obeys and reduces the black hole object down exhibiting black space and twinkling stars on the outside parameter of the galactic nucleus.
Hero stated studying at the new object, “A black hole is the first set of building blocks of any galaxy.”
Chip smiled at the new object, “A black hole is the first set of building blocks of any galaxy and our galaxy too. This sight for my eyeballs and this site of a physical phenomenon are both very strange, indeed.”
Purry frowned at the new object within the new Mist Cloud. “What’s very strange indeed?”
He pointed with a smile at the object, “A black hole is the first set of building blocks forming our galaxy. The center of our galaxy contains a supermassive black hole. What is beside the gigantic black hole?”
Hero stated, “A black hole is the source of energy of a new galaxy. The smaller objects are baby black holes. Each smaller baby black hole is getting pulled and falls into the supermassive red and yellow black hole.”
Purry said. “What is that sound?”
Hero stated. “The black hole creates a loud tapping drum sound as it eats normal celestial alive and dead objects.”
“A black hole is not an immortal heavenly body either.” Stoker smiled.
“What does that statement represent?” Eartha frowned.
“A black hole evaporates into nothingness including radiation waves and particles vanish into a gigantic colorful explosion. That’s the continuous new musical notes coming from the Song of the Galaxy.” Stoker said. “A black hole creates a unique galactic musical song make a ringing sound in space like a drumhead. Watch the pink tinted wave! That is a gravitational wave of space-time emitting from the black hole. Space squeezes and stretches the waves and then sends them out at the speed of light reaching us, extending beyond us and out from the Milky Way Galaxy.”
Hero stated. “The length of light traveling from Planet Earth to its moon is 238,900 miles. The speed of light travels at a speed of 186,282,397 miles-per-second or 670,66,629.40 miles-per-hour or 983,371,056.40 feet-per-second or one foot-per-nanosecond. The 238,900 miles divided by the speed of light is 01.30 seconds for one ray of bright light to reach the moon. Thus, nothing man-made outruns the speed of light.”
Within the Mist Cloud, a small black tinted circular object slowly crawls ahead then slips back into outer space like does not want to become eaten by the black hole.
“What’s that?” Purry pointed at the Mist Cloud.
Hero stated, “One of the baby black holes is about to get eaten up by the supermassive black hole. The sound is both faster and louder than…”
“Cut the volume, Zero! Cut the volume, Zero! Now!” Leer yelled. He covers both of his earlobes with his hands. “Human eardrums can’t absorb the loud sound without permanent ear damage.” The other humans cover their own earlobes with their hands while staring at the black hole image within the Mist Cloud.
Hero quickly cuts the sound speaker inside the bridge room for the humans. It stated. “A string of sound travels at 769,500 miles-per-hour.”
“Is the volume off, Zero?” Leer yelled. He sneers and worries about a pair of deaf eardrums for the rest of his living days and nights.
It stated and recorded the new celestial phenomenon, “Yes, Leer.”
Within the Mist Cloud, a smaller baby black hole collides into the pink tinted halo and flashes in bright yellow hue then swiftly disappears down into the red tinted spiral hole. The crew members remove their hands from their earlobes then loudly cheer and clap viewing the magnificent natural stellar activity.
“Wow! That’s awesome! Let’s see it again and again and again,” Chip yelled. He softly claps and grins with happiness.
Hero stated, “A black hole swallows all stray matter that does not escape the galaxy and ends up inside the black hole even all the black dwarf stars.”
Eartha yelled, “What! What’s a black dwarf star?”
The robot said. “A black dwarf star is a dark, black, dense decaying matters. They are flying the ashes colliding into neutron stars forming a supernova. A black dwarf star is the last matter in a galaxy that’s carried away leaving nothingness. When all the black dwarf stars are all gone, only particles of light and black hole strings linger. No more planets! No more stars!”
Eartha laughed. “That’s a sad tale!”
Purry smiled. “That’s a weird tale!”
Chip frowned, “I…I am experiencing fear.”
“No, you’re experiencing a false memory within your hippocampus that’s generating an artificial fear response. Purge it, Microchip!” Leer laughed.
Stroker sits on top of the cushion and studies the Mist Cloud. He stated, “I thought all of his squashy human organs had been replaced with a tiny, hard, metal microchip.”
Leer stated, “Except for his brain matter!” He laughs with the others. Chip sneers at Leer.
Purry smiled, “What is a gravity well? Does a gravity well exist? I have heard of those things. Can we go and see a gravity well?”
Stoker smiled. “A gravity well is a pull of gravity waves caused by a body in space such like a planet or a large hole in space. A black hole is a gravity well that is so strong nothing escapes from it, not even light. There! I’ve answered your questions.”
Chip smiled. “If there is a black hole, then is there a white hole?”
“Huh!” Eartha stated and crossed her arms.
“What!” Purry smiled.
“Ugh!” Leer frowned.
Hero stated, “A white hole is the opposite of a black hole in the outer space. A black hole sucks up everything and anything in which nothing falls down in the spiral well without escaping. A white hole spits out things in outer space.”
Eartha asked. “Does white holes exist?”
Hero stated. “No. This is a perfect general relatively outer space mathematical property.”
“Does a wormhole exist?” Chip asked with a stern face.
The robot answered. “A black hole draws object into its guts; a white hole spits objects out in space. Thus, the combination of a black hole and a white hole is a wormhole.”
“Good! Let’s go and find one!” Chip stated. He claps with delight taking a detour from the mission parameters for a fun safe adventure within the Solar System.
The robot continued. “If a wormhole exists and is stable formation, then it is an unpleasant ride. Radiation particles drift around space and then pours into an open wormhole coming from nearby stars, cosmic strings. As the ship with humans rides through a wormhole both the ship and the humans get fired by numerous X-ray waves and gamma rays.”
“Hero is correct.” Stoker said. “The waves within the Solar System carry a smell that can be stink to the human nose holes. The odor is both distinct and weird to different space walkers, such like, a seared piece of overcooked beef steak or a faint acrid odor or the smell of gunpowder or a sulfur smell.”
Leer claps and laughs. He stated, “That’s…”
“Leer!” A new voice echoed into the bridge room. A new hologram with a red tinted face of Darsha appears and replaces the Mist Cloud. “Where are you located within the massive outer space waves, Leer? Has your warship stalled? What’s going over there inside your warship, Leer? I don’t see you flying behind my tail winds.”
“…the end of that topic,” He smiled at his supervisor. “We’re flying right behind you within millions of space miles for safety, Darsha!”
“Lit it up and go faster than the true concept of sunlight speed, Leer!” She sneers within her hologram.
“Yes, ma’am!” Leer stated and then softly laughed. Her hologram face disappears and is replaced with a new Mist Cloud.
Chip continues to sit on top of his cushion and frowns into the Mist Cloud. He stated, “I agree with Pilot Darsha. We need to leave this area of outer space and time very quickly, before the sound waves crush the Moth’s panels.”
“The sound waves come from the black holes, colliding stars, and flying objects within the Solar System bubble, Potato Chip. They ain’t going to crush the ship’s panels.” Stoker stated. He softly chuckles with Eartha and Purry.
Chip said with a frown to the Mist Cloud, “Then we need to leave this area quickly, before the sizzling solar sunlight rays burn the Moth’s panels.”
Stoker exhales with annoyance at the cyborg, who does not seem to contain one or more intelligent implants within its brain matter. He said. “The sizzling and blinding rays coming from the Solar Sun ain’t going to crush the ship’s panels either, Microchip,” he grins.
Chip continues his human attitude of gloom and doom studying the Mist Cloud. He stated, “Then we need to leave this area quickly, before the gamma ray penetrate the Moth’s panels.”
Hero addressed to Chip, “Gamma rays are all around human life forms coming from numerous solar flares sailing off the Solar Sun or numerous storms on the surface of the Solar Sun and comes from numerous giant explosions of stars and other objects sending out X-rays, and streams of radiation protons and electrons. A gamma ray is harmful to humans, because the rays of gamma cannot be reflected off a mirror and the wavelength is so small that it passes between atoms in your human body. A gamma ray holds the highest energy, the shortest wavelength, and the highest frequency.”
He frowned. “I’m doomed.”
Stoker smiled. “And there are three deadly radiation forms consisting of alpha particles, beta particles, and gamma rays. Beta particles are blocked by a single sheet of aluminum elements without reaching a human life form. A gamma ray is block by a sheet of lead or concrete or steel elements that is comprised within the panels on the Moth warship without reaching us.”
“The end!” Leer stated. “Sit still and quiet, Chocolate Chip!” He chuckles with his mates and sits down with a slight grin wiggling his finger pad in the air then starts to steer warship through the new Mist Cloud.
At 659,900,000 miles-per-hour, the Moth warship swiftly peels around the invisible gravity force from the fixed Solar Sun’s position. Leer carefully steers his finger pad to the next bright object gliding the warship through the blackness of space, following behind millions of space miles between the two blinking pink tinted dots that represent both Tean and Darsha.
Each crew member enjoys studying the beautiful view of glowing planets and twinkling stars.
Hero enjoy entertaining the human life forms. It stated, “As we carefully and swiftly glide through outer space without hitting another flying object…”
“I can hear and steer at the same time, Zero!” Leer sneered. The others softly chuckle.
The robot is not perturbed or intimidated by the weak human life form. It stated, “The Moth warship is sailing about Planet Neptune, which is colored in soft beautiful shade of blue. Of course, it appears more like a blue dot within the Mist Cloud.”
“Neptune!” Leer shouted out loud. He lifts his finger. The warship halts with a jolt. Each crew member swiftly slides sideways but quickly catches their body before falling off the cushion then landing on top of the hard, cold, stone-coated floor with a painful body injury. Stoker sneers at Leer. Chip gasps in shock. Purry stares with puzzlement at Leer.
His eyeballs view the blue dot and as his heart feels heavy. His mind clicks with active mental happier thoughts. Leer softly whispered. “Home!”
Eartha gasps in shock and sits upright with annoyance viewing Leer. Then she sneers at his face profile snapping her fingers. She stated, “That’s my home world too, Leer! Snap out of it! We are Outlaws yesterday, today and tomorrow! We’re on a space mission to save the Solar System against Taradiddle. Leer, did you hear my words? Leer, are you listening to me? Leer!”
“Leer!” Chip yelled. He swings around and stares at the pilot feeling worry.
“Leer!” Stoker shouted, He turns and frowns at the pilot also feeling concern.
“Do I have to call Mom?” She screamed. She sneers at her Outlaw coworker feeling annoyance.
“Leer, has your human body become harmed or injured or upset or incapacitated?” Purry stated. She spins around and asks the human.
Hero does not comment but continues to sit on top of the floor watching the humans.
On top of the cushion, Leer stares at his home planet, the place of his birth. He does not wanna become an outer space pilot on an outer space mission. He wants to return home and continue his lovely job as an Outlaw within the Pond. And his home is located down there below the parked warship. Now, he appreciates the creation of interstellar space travel, within the Solar System, inside a steady space craft.
His home world of Neptune is positioned right here and right now below a parked hovering Moth warship within the Solar System environment, so Leer can go home right now ending his first outer space Outlaw mission without the permission from his Outlaw supervisor.
His mind recalls all of his learneth information from his academic school days.
Neptune is colored in vivid azure blue which comes from the absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane mineral gases. The earliest discovery of the planet was made in the year 1612 on an Earth telescope by Earth scientist Galileo. The planet of his home world, Neptune, comes from the Earth fictional character of a Roman god of the sea.
The outer space mathematical distance between Neptune and the Solar Sun is 2,794,300,000 space miles. Neptune orbits around the Sun every 165 days, based on the standard Earth calendar days.
Neptune is posed as the eighth planet from the Solar Sun, if each planet poses on a visual linear line within outer space. However, the Mist Cloud is not a visual linear line but a circular field of close or far away objects within millions or billions of outer space miles from each other.
A planet spins around and flies on the same orbital pathway, at the same distance around the fixed Solar Sun and the other fixed planets, comets, asteroids, and stars. That concept benefits humankind as a human or machine pilot can chart a known celestial object within the Solar System environment without damaging or destroying their person or their ship.
At this point, within outer space and time, the other celestial objects currently fly between the lowly southeastern quadrant upwards to the northeastern quadrant with gaps of black-tinted, cold-temperature, empty spaces. Planet Venus is posed north of the fixed Solar Sun position. Planet Mercury leads Venus and sails slightly northwest of the fixed Solar Sun position. Planet Neptune, alone and lonely, soars at the fixed math distance of 2,794,300,000 space miles away from the fixed Solar Sun positions, the orbiting pathways of Venus and Mercury.
Colorful gases with dust and ice particles with individual imaginative familiar shapes, such like, peacocks, birds, dogs, rats, or whatever your human brain conjures up gently flutters ahead of a soaring warship at the command of flying solar winds or invading numerous man-made outer space ships.
The Solar System is devoid of orbiting single or binary or trinary stars, only eight occupied planets that hold numerous ancestral families, who had successfully escape from Planet Earth, a very, very, long, long time ago.
The Moth warship with Leer as the pilot captain sits in cold outer space posed half-way between the orbits of Planet Neptune and Pluto. Planet Pluto orbits 3,666,100,000 miles from the fixed Solar Sun position, thus the warship is only 871,800,000 miles from his home world, Neptune.
Two hours after leaving the Saturn starship shop inside warship, Leer has crossed to the other side of the Solar System traveling at 650,000,000 miles-per-hour. Now, he views his home world and has completed the circle.
“My time has ended.” He whispered for his eardrums only. He stares with both sadness and happiness at the dot of blue, his home world. If he possessed an outer space suit, he could leap off the edge of the Moth warship dropping down through the cold outer space waves, landing on the surface of Neptune.
The surface landmass of Neptune consists of hydrogen and helium, creating relatively an ice planet. The outer atmosphere of the planet records at a negative 424 degrees Fahrenheit. The stratosphere of Neptune is warmer due to the elevated concentration of hydrocarbons. The mantle core consists of iconic water where the water molecules break down into hydrogen and oxygen ions. The wind force runs 1,390 miles-per-hour at the equator and 560 miles-per-hour at each polar axis.
However, his fantastically mental thought within his human mind and his human body is humanly impossible. There is not a single outer space environment suit, or a smaller Birdie spacecraft located on board the warship. Anyways, the smaller Birdie spacecraft can’t maneuver through the dark, cold, whipping supersonic winds of 1,500 miles-per-hour.
“The windmill.” He whispered presenting a sad face, still studying the blue dot that represents his home world of Neptune.
A windmill is a man-made machine that converts free energy forces coming from winds or water into a rotational energy source by a set of vertical or horizonal man-made blades. Centuries ago, a wooden or a steel encased vertical windmill was used to pump water or generate electricity by spinning the blades through the free air waves on Planet Earth.
The ancient wind engine was used to lift free floating spring water molecules from the ground soil within an underground stream. It was also used for purposes of sawing wood logs, chopping up hay stalks, and grinding corn grain on numerous farm properties located on Planet Earth. Thus, the same concept was designed and built into an outer space windmill satellite.
The outer space windmill satellite is a stationary object tied to the gravitation pull of Planet Neptune, like all of her moons, within outer space, which does not shuffle around for any reason, during a galactic storm of asteroids or a careless space captain of a large flying starship. The windmill features a vertical, thick-looking, extremely long Tube Tower of bright white magically hanging alone and lonely, so a starship will miss the free-floating object within outer space and then the crew will live, not die. Protruding and spinning away from the vertical Tube Tower, six massively thick, extremely long, white-colored rotating blades create a man-made outer space windmill machine. Each blade is self-regulating by the 1,500 miles-per-hour supersonic outer space winds blowing across the Solar System and then tossing the excess winds away from Neptune and into the far reaches of the Milky Way Galaxy. A gear box connects the six blades and the crankshaft machines that rotate the free-standing blades around and around.
Below the gear box, a large, wide glass observation window hides a tiny city of windmill personnel. The personnel staff members consist of engineers, programmers, administrators, chefs, teachers, and automated clean-up machines along with their family units.
All their specific family ancestors came from Planet Earth, ironically.
A series of supersonic winds exceeded an air force speed that was faster than the speed of sound went through the universe.
Both the planets of Uranus and Neptune are dominated by five major jet streams of supersonic winds as the visible winds race around each world and then are tossed out into the outer reaches of the black-tinted, cold-temperature Solar System environment influencing the other natural celestial objects around the Milky Way Galaxy.
The supersonic winds soar down from the northern towards the southern latitude within outer space in a series of tight bands, without depth.
The first jet stream band of supersonic winds for Planet Neptune blows a westward flow on the equator position twirling around 30,600 miles, at 1,300 miles-per-hour. And second band of supersonic winds comes across from an easterly flow on each northern and southern hemisphere, at 560 miles-per-hour.
However, the two Tower Tubes deflect the easterly and western supersonic winds coming off Planet Neptune towards a northern and southern direction allowing a spaceship to safely travel to the Great Spot. And the six paddles are not only beautiful but dangerous, if a spaceship happens to ram into the man-made objects killing the pilot, the crew, and the ship materials.
Leer recalls both the beauty and danger of the twin Tower Tubes during his few solo space travel adventures, both alone and lonely. However, one of the windmills is missing now.
“The warship.” He whispered then smirked with his new mental idea.
The only decorative feature on the surface of cold, pale-tinted Neptune is the Great Dark Spot. A large and wide spot rises up from the depths of the blue tinted liquid waters and touches upward into the troposphere at a low altitude rather than a natural cloud formation, creating a vortex structure.
The Great Dark Spot appears as a slightly darker blue than the azure glowing blue of the planet surface, because the spot is a large hole within the methane clouds, where a village of people have lived and thrived, since the year 2051. The dark elliptical spot does not possess a space gateway, or a space sentry, but is surrounded by a set of white colored clouds leading down into a dark colored hole.
Neptune is a beautiful multi-colored world. The middle of the sphere contains a tone of light green. Light blue colors dominated the southern polar axis. And soft pink tints occupy each lobe along the outer sides of the northern polar axis.
However, the Moth warship can maintain a straight and steady pathway towards the Neptune Vortex without getting swept away into the far reaches of outer space by the supersonic winds. The warship will easily ram through the thick ice chunks within the five ring system. The Neptune Vortex is approaching fast towards the warship.
“Freeboot,” he whispered staring at the blue dot within the Mist Cloud.
Leer recalls the fun monetary bets with his friend named Freeboot. Leer never met Freeboot, only viewing a hologram image of a male figure on his palmer screen inside his Birdie spacecraft. But he remembers the set of rude teasing words and the sounds of loud laughter coming from the windmill crew inside the Tower Tube, when he had missed the Vortex spiral. Now, one of the Tower Tubes is gone and destroyed by the evil Bad One, Commander Taradiddle.
Taradiddle must pay with his life for all the dead and gone lives from the Neptune families, who were innocent victims of a cold war coming from a cruel enemy.
On the curved wall, Eartha continues to sit in her assigned cushion and snarls at a docile Leer, slowly leaning down and opens the hidden compartment underneath her seat, touching the cold handle on her personal hand pistol. She had found the functioning weapon and boxes of fresh ammunition inside her cubby hole within the female sleeping compartment. Eartha imagines each sleep unit provides a deadly weapon for each female and male crew member as they all travel on a dangerous outer space mission finding a serial killer of galaxy humans.
Right here and now, on the bridge room, of the Moth warship, Eartha is not allowing Leer to interfere with their shared Outlaw space mission. Taradiddle will destroy the planets and the Solar System without mercy just to become the ruler of nothing but burning ambers of dead planets and stars like burnt Pluto. Then she and the other human survivors will live on a spaceship for the rest of their lives or worse settle on a burning planet without robot aid in order to start humanity all over again. Eartha is not going to allow that to happen to her or her new crew members, so Leer is going to start acting like a captain or relent his command to her.
Eartha was promised the command by her supervisor Darsha, but that action did not happen for some reason. After this mission, Eartha will find and hunt down Darsha unkindly asking that question. If Eartha was in charge of the Outlaw mission, the Outlaws would be sitting ugly on top of stinky and smelly Planet Earth waiting for Taradiddle and his ship of nasty pirates or fighting with them right now. Instead, she is mentally contemplating a physical mutiny on the Moth warship, taking over the command from a sissy, weak-minded, Finger Pilot Leer.
She slowly draws slides the pistol over the smooth material and as her hair roots rams into a hard object.
“Eartha.” A soft but firm baritone voice echoes from Stoker. He stands upright in front of her lowered hairy skull and covers her folded body. He feels her same emotions about the weird and dangerous Outlaw mission. Commander Taradiddle is a deadly threat to all life forms including the robot-kind. However, Leer is the captain of the warship and this weird outer space mission.
Stoker does not know Eartha and does not have a mixed emotion in the dog fight between the two Outlaws either. He wants to complete the important mission and then move onto his next stoker assignment as he is a working stoker, who is a true space traveler, since the age of sixteen years old.
On top of the cushion, Eartha gasps in shock then snarls in frustration slowly lowering the loaded hand pistol back down on top of the smooth stone floor without killing the stoker employee. She slowly lifts her upper body and looks up at a taller Stoker while sneering at his rude interference between two Outlaws. Stoker stares back without words or nasty sounds. She leans back into her seat and crosses her arms presenting a fake smile in silence.
Stoker back steps from Eartha then swings about around facing Leer. He stated, “Leer.” He uses the same soft but firm baritone voice getting the man’s attention. The mission is not complete.
Eartha uncrosses her arms and turns staring at the nose profile on Leer. She screamed, “Leer! What the hell are doing over there? Did you take a cat nap or what? Time to go, Water Boy!”
“Leer!” A female voice shouted into the bridge room. A hologram face of an angry Darsha appears replacing the Mist Cloud. “Where are you? Where is your ship at? What are you doing over there? We…”
“…should wait and plan an invasion force from Neptune attacking Earth.” Leer stated. He looks up and nods to Darsha. “Neptune orbits every 165 days around the Solar Sun. Earth orbits every 365 days. We let Neptune catch up and park behind Earth. Then all the Outlaw unit attack Earth and Tarafiddle at once. That’s faster and easier than tracking down 49 other art pieces.”
“Hmm!” Darsha offers her red-tinted smile to Leer. “I like your battle strategy plan, but I cannot alter our first Outlaw mission. However, let me contact the Outlaw Command Center and see if they agree with your new battle plan. But in the meantime, we have our next order finding a rouge planet with the next art piece. Get flying, Leer!”
“Yes ma’am!” Leer stated. The Mist Cloud reappears displaying the same image of planets, stars, and asteroids. “Sit down and get settled! We’re flying faster than the speed of sound.” Stoker quickly returns to his seat and webs into the cushion monitoring the flame burn engines. Leer chuckles with an evil tone and reaches out touching the first object. The warship smooth sails ahead.

At 02:03:58 hours/minutes/seconds and 60 trillion miles from the Solar Sun, Purry wiggles on top of her cushion and worries in her own rock way about the humans while studying the changes within the Mist Cloud and views all the wonderful new celestial bodies. She asked. “Which is the most beautiful stellar nebula in or outside the Solar System?”
Eartha slaps her chest and turns to stare at the nose profile on Leer. She stated, “That’s an easy one. I like the Cat’s Eye Nebula.” She turns and winks at Leer. He does not view Eartha but sneers at her loud, verbal, ancient reference to spacing the deformed kitten to death getting off Planet Neptune, in order for Leer to win the Fire Star trophy this season.
Chip continues to sit and smiles at the changing Mist Cloud. He stated, “I personally admire the Butterfly Nebula.”
Stoker said. “I enjoy viewing the Eagle Nebula.”
Eartha turns and sneers at Purry. She said, “Leer likes the Crab Nebula and Purry looks like the Hourglass Nebula.”
Hero stated. “All the nebulae are clouds of dust and heated gases of hydrogen elements occupying space, looking beautiful to the human eye while creating new baby stars. So nice!”

Three minutes later, 70 trillion miles away from Solar Sun, the black outer space background quickly lights up with two individual lines of color. One color ray is pale blue. The second one is dark green.
“Gravitational waves! Brace for an incoming gravitation wave!” Hero warned with a loud shout.
“What!” Purry screamed. She gasps in shock and continues to sit on top of the cushion.
Stoke frowned into the Mist Cloud, “I’m confused.”
“Stop! What’s that thing doing in space? Where’s that wave going? I don’t see that wave. A gravitational wave will destroy the ship and kill me.” Chip shouted in panic.
“Come down, Potato Chip!” Leer laughed. “Right toe! I see it too, Zero! I’m halting the ship and watching the thing.”
Hero explained. “There are two opposing gravitational waves which are flat in dimension, instead of curved patterns which appears on a black hole.”
“Black hole! What black hole! I don’t see a black hole,” Chip shouted again in panic.
“Little man, you need to unplug from your human emotions.” Stoke laughed with Leer.
“Reverse the ship now! Backup the ship now! Get me away from that intersection point in outer space, Leer!” Chip continued to shout in pain.
Within outer space, the flat pale blue line and a flat dark green-tinted line collides and crashes together creating a new black hole. Hero narrated. “The two waves have collided.”
“We can see that.” Leer grinned.
Hero stated, “The two waves are tangling up both space and time heating that portion of the outer space sector.”
“I’m setting a new course extremely south maneuvering away from that newly formed baby black hole. So, hang on and hold on, again!” Leer stated. He slowly glides his fingertip to the side and as the ship starts to fly away from the black hole.
On the rear wall, the new baby black hole start eating up a single flying asteroid rock that flies counter clockwise in a bright red hue of damaged particles quickly galloping around a tiny, golden-tinted circle and then completely disappears down a tiny swirl of yellow energy flares. The other crew member stare at the rear wall seeing the magnificent naturally occurrence within the Solar System feeling slight fear and gigantic worry.
Eartha studies the newly created baby black hole. She softly asked each ship mate. “Don’t you find it strange that we have just encountered a baby black hole?”
“A black hole only lives in outer space, not on a planet. No. I do not find it strange.” Chip stated.
Hero narrated. “A gravitational wave is a ripple in the space and time continuum coming from a massive object. Each gravitational wave moves and stretches and squeezes everything in its pathway, in outer space, of course. During our short space flight, my sensors has recorded ten pairs of black holes and one pair of neutron stars smashing together. There is a supermassive black hole locate at the centre of our galaxy.”
“How you spell the word, supermassive?” Stoker asked. He laughs and continues to monitor the flame burn engines while having some fun with the robot.
Leer frowns with annoyance at the mental thoughts of flying around the development of an upcoming supermassive black hole on the outer edge of the Solar System, where he and his family members live and thrive until their unexpected death day. He announced, “Settle down again, Outlaws! We’re off to the races!”
“What does that sentence structure mean, Leer?” Chip frowned at the Mist Cloud.
“An Eartha expression!” Leer laughed gliding the warship through more gaseous clouds without hitting any asteroids. Eartha sneers at her smartass coworker.
“Where are we located at? Why is an outer space field filled with rock particles?” Chip studied the Mist Cloud.
Hero explained. “Captain Leer has maneuvered the warship down from the empty void back into the upper edge of the Goldilocks Zone.”
“He did it again!” Eartha laughed. “Why’s Leer the finger pilot again?” She smiles enjoying her sassy personality against the sissy demeanor of Leer.
Hero stated, “Leer is shifting the warship through the Goldilocks Zone catching up with Pilot Tean and Darsha. You can see the two blinking pink tinted dots within the Mist Cloud. Pilot Tean and Darsha are waiting for us.”
The Mist Cloud disappears. Leer halts the ship without moving blindly through outer space. On top of the bridge room, Darsha’s hologram face appears. She said to Leer. “I see your ship, Leer. We’ve been waiting fifteen minutes…”
“…which is clearly plenty of Neptune time to spot and locate the tiniest rouge planet, within the Goldilocks Zone, Darsha.” Eartha sneered at her deceptive and bossy supervisor. Leer slightly smirks to Darsha while sharing Eartha’s frustration and annoyance too. Eartha continued, “We were monitoring all screens during our swift flight for the tiniest rouge planet in the universe. So, did you find the tiniest rouge planet yet? I mean, ya’ll were here first sitting around drinking hot cups of coco.”
“Leer, I want you to park your warship 200 million miles behind the orbit of Planet Earth, and then spin around facing the western darker side of the Solar System while seeking the rouge planet from that geometric angle,” Darsha ignores the Outlaw troublemaker. She ordered to the pilot. “Tean will occupy the 200 million miles of air space beside Planet Mars facing west too while watching for the rouge planet on the opposite of the Zone. I’m going to plant my ship in the middle of the Zone facing westward. Hopefully, one of us will spot the bent light and then we can collect the rock piece without wasting too much time here. I agree that spotting a rouge planet among rows and columns of flying asteroids rocks is a non-fun, impossible feat. But we have orders from the Outlaw Command Center. We’ll sit here for thirty minutes or until one of our ships comes too close to danger and then report back to the Command Center. Good luck! Darsha out!” The hologram vanishes and then the Mist Cloud returns displaying the same placement of colorful planets and tiny rock formations.
Leer continues to sit on the cushion. He ordered. “Hero, expanse the Mist Cloud and display the flying objects within the massive Goldilocks Zone between Planet Earth and Planet Mars facing the western side only.” The Mist Cloud changes and reveals black tinted background with scattered large and small rock formations glittering in hues of purples, reds, greens, blues, and yellows shining off the bands of bright sunrays.
Chip said, “Wow! The outer space environment is very beautifully colorful colored. I didn’t learn that in my academic environment. This place is really beautifully colorful colored.”
Hero stated. “Each rock formation is a large, medium, small or tiny particle coming from a star collision with each other or one or more of the planets, especially Saturn’s rings.”
“Thanks, Zero!” Leer said. He glides the warship and parks the craft hovering in place behind the invisible orbital pathway of Planet Earth facing the darker side of the Solar System. “We’re here. Every pair of eyeballs, both human and mechanical, start searching for two seconds of bent light.”
“What do you think, Leer?” Stoker asked.
“I don’t.” He said.
“There!” Chip said. He points into the Mist Cloud. “I think I something bright and …”
“Don’t!” Leer yelled. He sneers. “Do not call out each swirling star or rotating planet or whizzing dwarf planet or other heavenly object. Use your eyeballs, not your tongue.”
“I don’t possess a tongue.” Hero stated.
“Shut up, Zero!” Leer said. He snarls and studies the Mist Cloud wishing for the ending of the first outer space Outlaw mission.

At 02:06:11 hours/minutes/seconds, the flat, smooth, stone-coated, glowing translucence bridge floor displays three floating hologram-made, individual colorful faces consisting of supervisor Darsha, outlaw Tean, and outlaw Boodle.
Darsha starts the new conversation and wears a hologram smile in glittering red hue. She stated, “We’ve found the third art piece on a rouge planet.”
“What is a rouge planet?” Purry asked. She continues to sit and stares at the glittering hologram only seeing the rear skull on each off-site crew member.
Hero floats from the curved wall, stops, and then sits on the floor beside Leer while studying and listening to Darsha.
Darsha stared only at Leer. “Our home, the Milky Way Galaxy houses trillions of stars and many planets. Not every planet orbits a star or the Solar Sun. A rouge planet wanders the galaxy, not tethered to anything. There are no daylight hours or moonlight evenings coming from a blazing sun or a man-made blaring satellite as the surface atmosphere appears as darkness. A rouge planet is a cold world too. The good news, there are twelve sunless, cold worlds coasting around on their own power. There are five rouge planets located and twirling within outer space between Planet Mars and Planet Earth based on current outer space native recordings.”
Stoker stands parking both of his human folded fists on his waistline and frowns at the side profile on the three holograms. He said, “Geez! That’s a fixed measurement of eight astronomical units or 743,200,000,000 miles comprised of space and rock debris and colorful stellar clouds and stars between the invisible orbiting planets of Mars and Earth.”
Darsha continues to smile only at Leer and ignores the seasoned star traveler. She stated, “The smallest rouge planet mysteriously lies somewhere between a sapphire blue tinted Earth and a red tinted Mars.”
“Don’t worry!” The pale blue tinted hologram face on Outlaw Boodle. She smiled. “The sky’s clear, and the object’s tiny,” she laughs with the others.
Stoker said. “Captain…”
“He’s not the captain.” Eartha stated. She stands and crosses her arms while frowning at the three hologram faces on top of the bridge floor.
Hero stated. “A rouge planet is a tiny blip formation within interstellar space. A rouge planet divorces its parent star and then carves out a new pathway of solitary existence encircling the center of the galaxy or Solar System, in our galactic case. A rouge planet is both loose and nearly invisible and evades detection by a machine.”
Darsha said, “The key word here is nearly invisible but not completely invisible.”
“That’s a great storyline, Hero!” Chip nodded with a smile.
Leer frowned. “How do we or you or me or he or she or them locate a rouge planet?”
Hero continued. “When an object or planet or exoplanet or asteroid crosses in front of a star or a planet or a flying comet, the presence of any one of these objects bends and then magnifies the star’s light making the star glow more than usual.”
“O!” Leer nodded.
Hero continued, “The duration of glowing light on the star reveals the nature of the object. A bright light lasting several days is a star. A bright light lasting a day is a massive planet like Planet Jupiter. A bright light, lasting hours, is a smaller world like Planet Earth. A bright light lasting a few minutes…”
“A few minutes!” Leer asked. “Where is this conversation soaring?” He laughs. “Excuse the pun!”
“Shut it, Leer!” Darsha sneered. “Continue with your science lesson, Hero!”
Hero stated. “We will eliminate the star, when a bright light follows these certain stellar conditions. If a star’s bright light bends, then it lies near its parent star. If their parent star is close, then the object cannot be seen through the luminous glare. If a luminous star moves, without a parent star, it is a planet going solo.”
Eartha waves both of her arms in the air and wears a frown. She said, “Okay! Okay! So, a rouge planet lives flying around in-between the massive orbits of Earth and Mars. What comprises a rouge planet? What type of land surface are we looking at here?”
Hero stated, “A rocky surface is…”
“Not now, Hero! We will discern the mass of the tiniest object through an eyeball observation flying passed each heavenly object first, hence we find it first.” Darsha said.
“Really?” Eartha frowned.
“Really!” Stoker nodded.
“Really…” Leer huffed.
Tean still stares at Leer but informs Darsha. He said, “Hey, Darsha! Hard, not softer, things are alive over here and whizzing around and too closely beside our parked warship. Even a warship ain’t a gas planet. Hurry up over there with your long-winded science lecture and get this showboat party started!”
Darsha ordered. “Every crew member even the metal ones will become responsible for monitoring all the stars seeking the elusive rouge planet.”
Leer frowns. “Does the rouge planet have a palmer communication system?”
“Don’t know!” Darsha said.
Purry asked, “How much human time will it take to find and then see a rouge planet?”
Stoker said. “A few seconds, less than an eyelash blink!”
“What!” Eartha yelled. She gasps in shock.
Hero stated. “The recorded shortest duration for a curved light sighting around a rouge planet was 42 minutes, Earth time, of course. The first one was discovered by an earthling.”
Eartha said. “Geez! Every space thing discovered was done by an earthling on Planet Earth. The earthling would stand for hours, days, years, and decades in front of a telescope burning its human eyeball through a glass lens.”
“That’s not right!” Chip frowned.
Earths turns and sneers at the cyborg. She ordered, “Name one heavenly object not coming from an earthling, Potato Chip!”
“Shut it, Eartha,” Darsha ordered.
Hero stated, “Eartha states the truth. The duration of the white tinted halo across a rouge planet occurs within one or two mathematical seconds.”
“Ugh!” Tean said.
Eartha said, “Well, that’s nice! We have a few seconds to see the rouge planet, if it happens to roll in front of a pair of human eyeballs. Can the robot find it?”
“No.” Hero stated.
Darsha exhales with frustration. She ordered. “Tean, give us the details for the new strategy plan for locating a rouge planet.”
Tean said. “Left toe! Right now, each Moth is too close to Planet X viewing all the blinding light rays coming from the Solar Sun. So, we’re all leaving Planet X and parking inside outer space waves far away from the Solar Sun while hunting for the rouge planet. Once our leader Darsha has issues her orders, a new mapping hologram will appear that will mark three blinking electronic points. Each marker is parked on the western side of the Solar System and away from the bright lights of the Solar Sun. The first marker is located between nothing and nothing. The second marker is billions of miles inside the inner rotation flight of Planet Mars. The third marker is billions of miles outside the rotation flight of Planet Earth. Both Mars and Earth are located on the eastern side of the Solar Sun and away from us right now, so Leer doesn’t ram into the planet and cause more damage,” he laughs with the others, but Leer. Tean smiled. “Darsha parks on the darker side of the Solar System. I’ll take the point millions of miles on the sunny side of Planet Mars. Leer gets to park behind Planet Earth’s hot spot. This new position will allow each Moth to search high and low for a tiny but brilliant split-second of light that bends around a star identifying the rouge planet.”
Eartha waves her arms. She shouted at Tean. “Wait a minute! Wait a minute! Hold up! Hold up! Why can’t we call and ask the planet its location?” She slaps both of her hands down on her legs.
“We don’t know the name of the planet or the location of the planet or the location of the current mobile telephone number, Eartha?” Tean winked to Eartha.
She hissed, “O cute! Eartha humor!”
Leer frowned. “What! What did he say? What did she say? What did you just say, Tean? I didn’t get it.”
She nodded, “How in the universe are you identifying all the planets that hold a dangerous piece of rock art?”
Tean said. “The Outlaw Office possessed and then stored a few ancient logbooks coming from Planet Pluto, when Taradiddle started out logging all of his goods and merchandise from Planet Earth, illegally, of course.”
Leer gasps in shock. He stated, “What! Why didn’t the Outlaw Office go and investigate all of the illegal merchandise coming from Earth? Then we all would be home enjoying the heated pond and watching entertainment programs.”
Darsha stated. “The star logs are very, very old and ancient, before our great grandparents were birthed. All the supply, medical and equipment shipments were delivered by a set of nasty and illegal space pirates. Back then, the Outlaws were concerned about active and dangerous space pirates within their native merchant shipping flights, not passing each home world heading towards the far reaches of outer space. This discussion thread is done! Now, each Moth carefully fly and park at your designated cold spot within the outer space waves. And then each pair of metal and human eyeballs study the Mist Cloud and find that tiniest rouge planet, as soon as possible, so we can complete our mission, maybe, by the end of the Neptune day or night,” she laughs then wears a stern face. “This rouge planet is a tiny object among the vastness of outer space. Right now, this is location site of the next art piece. Until Boodle finds around planet or star with the next art piece, we’ll try to find our third targeted destination, the smallest rouge planet. However, we won’t waste precious hours or days here looking for that rouge planet. Get started and good luck!” Her hologram face disappears along with Tean and Boodle and is replaced with a miniature Mist Cloud with the brightest stars and planets throughout this area of outer space.
The new Mist Cloud starting on the northwesterly end displays a round-shaped, bright light where the fixed and stationary Planet X used to hover. Several billions of miles away, of course, slightly below the glowing Planet X, Planet Venus is in motion, of course, but appears directly north of the glowing Solar Sun.
Below and slight ahead by billions of miles Planet Venus, Planet Mercury curves around the western side of the Solar Sun.
The rest of the western outer space region is painted in a black background which is billions of miles beside the stationary Solar Sun and glows in gazillions of twinkling stars consisting of planetary star clusters, individual red and white dwarf stars, and binary stars, trinary stars and other rotating objects. A pink tinted blinking dot stands in the middle.
Billions of miles in a southern position and away from the Solar Sun, a smaller glowing object is named, dwarf planet Ceres, heading in an easterly direction within the outside lane of the Goldilocks Zone and chasing behind a red tinted Mars.
The second smaller glittering object is Bennu Asteroid orbiting parallel with Ceres heading in an easterly rotation closing on the tail and then steers inside the outside lane near Planet Mars also.
The eastern side clearly displays the current location of Planet Earth racing ahead of Planet Mars for its orbit around the Solar Sun. Planet Mars trails behind and leads ahead of Ceres and Bennu asteroid. Parallel to the Bennu Asteroid in the orbit pathway of Planet Earth, a second pink tinted blinking dot stands alone. A third pink tinted blinking dot stands in the orbital pathway of Planet Mars.
Stoker smiles and points at the Mist Cloud. He said, “O! This is a clever Mist Cloud! Tean has selected the darker side of the Solar Sun hoping to see a roaming colorful or non-colorful rouge planet that lies between the western orbits of Planets Earth and Mars. If that rouge planet really is flying on the darker side of the Solar Sun, we have a good chance of spotting the bent brightly beam of light. Do you see how Tean set up the markers? Darsha is parking in the middle of the darker side of the Solar Sun. The second Moth parks on Earth’s flight path, but Earth has long passed that hot spot months ago, heading in an easterly direction to encircle the hot and heated Solar Sun again for the start of a new season. What season is it on Earth, Eartha?”
“I do not know or give a shit!” Eartha stated. She sits and sneers.
“That’s my girl!” Stoker stated. He winks and softly chuckles with a grin at Leer without viewing Eartha, “And the third and final Moth will park in the flight path for Planet Mars while Mars is racing after Earth but will never, ever catch the planet. Well, that’s the grand plan! Any questions! Good! I do not like repeating my words. Bye, ya’ll!” He laughs as his face vanishes from the bridge floor. The Mist Cloud returns currently displays.
Hero stated. “The Mist Cloud displays the current orbits of Planet Venus, Planet Mercury, the dark side of the Solar Sun, Planet Earth, Planet Mars, dwarf planet Ceres and the Bennu Asteroid.
“I would like the take the opportunity here to point out more information. The Bennu Asteroid’s outer space orbit was discovered by humans, in the year 1999, in the month of September, on the 11th day. The asteroid takes 438 days to orbit the Solar Sun and is 171.961 billion pounds. In the year 2135, in the month of September, on the 25th day, the asteroid passed within 65,000 miles of Planet Earth without destroying the world but creating massive weather patterns with nasty planetary results for the poor human race.”
“Too bad!” Eartha sneered at the Mist Cloud.
“Is that your personal birth of day, Eartha?” Stoker laughed.
Eartha gasped. She turns and snarls at Stoker. “No!”
“Okay! Well, that’s before my date of birth too!” Stoker softly chuckled at his silly banter.
Hero continued. “The Bennu Asteroid is a spinning top tossing out not dust particles but flying plumes of rock pebbles in. 03.90 inches in an individual semi-round-shaped diameter. Captain Leer, you need to move the Moth away from the rocky debris from its pale blue tinted tail of hard rock, not soft dust.”
“Right toe! I hear and I obey, Zero. But I do believe the ship can handle three inches of rock pebbles. But I’ll be moving in a moment,” Leer stated. He sits down and exhales with annoyance at the next target destination, a runaway planet.
Hero continued. “The Bennu Asteroid is an active asteroid.”
“Like I haven’t heard that scientific term before.” Stoker laughed. “Not!” He chuckles with his ship mates.
Hero continued. “The Bennu Asteroid has flown so close to Planet Earth that the silly earthlings named each visual crater mark, dorsa ridge, fossae groove, trench, and boulder.”
Eartha laughed. “Leave it up to the stupid earthlings!”
The robot stated, “The names include Nightingale, Kingfisher, Osprey, Sandpiper, Gargoyle, Roc, Benben, Kongamato…”
“Enough, Zero!” Leer yelled.
“I have not completed the Earth names on the surface of the Bennu Asteroid.”
He snarled at the robot, “Yes, you have!”
“Yes, Captain Leer!”
He softly said, “Stoker has done a great job of interpreting the new miniature Mist Cloud.”
Eartha laughed, “Now, if only Leer can do a great job of getting to our parking spot without…”
“Sit down and shut up, Eartha!” Leer ordered. He turns and sneers at her then presents a smile staring at the rest of the crew. “Everyone else, please sit down and get comfortable and be quiet! I must go fast through the Mist Cloud and get around all the numerous glittering celestial objects, before parking somewhere some millions of miles behind Planet Earth.” The crew members prepare for Leer’s lousy flying skills.
Hero lifts off the floor then slowly flies backwards not slamming into the curved wall, lowering down on top of the flat stone floor and studies the new Mist Cloud. He stated. “A rouge planet is an orphaned planet wandering alone without its parent star holding its hand. Do you like my human reference?” The robot continued. “The planet possesses endless darkness without days or night or gravitational moons. The rouge planet emits no radiation waves either.”
“Thanks for the outer space lesson, Zero.” Leer stated. He wiggles his finger pad in the air while deciding which direction to transverse.

At 02:28:34 hours/minutes/seconds, a circular object in pale blue hue splits the black tint of space glowing for two seconds in white color then disappears.
“I see it!” The voice from Darsha spoke first into the bridge room. Then her red tinted hologram face appears. “I see it! I see it! Leer, did you record the bent light from the rouge planet?”
Chip slides off the seat and jumps up and down wearing a smile. He yelled, “I saw it too!”
Stoker pointed into the Mist cloud, “That’s it!”
“We all saw it!” Purry smiled.
Hero stated, “We all saw it. The rouge planet has bent its light around its orbiting star approaching Planet Mars. The gravity of the planet magnifying the light, bending it around the rouge planet like the shape of a halo.”
Darsha stated. “Wow! The light and me are perfectly aligned.”
Chip slaps his chest with a nod seeing the halo first among his crew members. He stated, “Congratulations, Darsha!” Leer silently smiles with a head nod to his Outlaw supervisor.
“I like playing the role of a starship captain.” She laughed.
Leer gasps in shock. He and the other outlaws have a current job, an outlaw.
Eartha smiled. “That’s a one in a million site with your naked eyeballs, Darsha. Congratulations, Darsha! You’re good at this starship captain stuff too.” If Darsha becomes a starship captain, then Leer can become promoted to Outlaw supervisor. Then Eartha and Leer can marry and live happily on Neptune.
Hero stated. “The light of the star is located behind the orbiting planet that allows a naked eyeball or two to detect its presence.”
“Great discovery!” Leer said. “We’re under a deadline! What’s the planet like? Do we know?”
On the bridge, a second Hero robot appears between the faces of Darsha and Tean. It stated. “Excuse me for interrupting your celebration. The rouge planet is unnamed and is not frozen terrain but a surface of thick fogs with radiation. A landing is impossible without burning your human body parts. The planet is smaller than Planet Earth.”
“Why is everything compared to Earth?” Eartha asked.
Hero continued. “I have locked the trajectory of our rouge planet which is 13 light years from our present position.”
“Left toe! Thanks, Hero!” The voice from Tean spoke into the bridge room without his face, “Leer, move your ship first and start orbiting the planet for the greet and meet second and then acquiring the rock art piece last. We’ll stay 50 million miles behind at a close but far enough distance and then watch for fireworks. Tean and his team are out!”
“Right toe!” Leer said at the vanishing face of Darsha then flights the ship orbiting the planet.
Hero stated. “The atmosphere contains hydrogen. The planet displays numerous sea floor active volcanoes. Hydro-thermal vents provide energy for the transplants.
“That’s cute, Zero!” Leer chuckled.
“The surface is covered in liquid water oceans…”
“…coming from the active sea floor volcanoes.” Chip said.
Hero stated, “The surface temperature is above the melting point of water which is 212 degrees Fahrenheit...”
“…that creates the liquid water oceans coming from the active sea floor volcanoes and numerous hot springs underground streams for bathing.” Stoker stated. He laughs with the others.
The Moth leads the other two starships towards the new target without establishing an orbit around a rouge planet that rotates the Solar Sun like all the other objects in outer space and performs an ancient flight path but soars faster than a stationary planet. Leer flies beside the planet. Tean leads the planet blasting out twirling comets or rotating asteroids from his and Leer’s ship. Darsha takes a rear position and chases after the rouge planet.
On the bridge, Leer sits on the cushion and concentrates on the weird flight path without hitting another flying object. He sneers at Chip. “Rush the purchase of the art piece, Potato Chip!”
Again, the Mist Cloud changes from outer space and presents the face of a human. The human face, only, is colored in blue. He said with a sneer seeing the first person on top of the bridge room. “We are a free planet floating alone here within outer space and independent of the other bodies of heaven. What do you want?”
Chip jumps off the seat and approaches standing beside Leer. He greeted with a smile. “What is the name of your planet?”
“We are unnamed.”
Purry appears beside Leer. Leer thinks three humans against one anger one is too much. He scoots sideways and stand beside Eartha. Purry asked with a smile at new blue tinted hologram. “Hello, sir! I am from another planet, that is heated also. My name is Purry. I am curious in your home planet. Do you live inside a cave?”
The native does not identify by name or race or gender or color. He said with a sneer, “We live on the floor in herds or groups or alone with family or friend units. Each greenhouse holds and grows all food stuffs, plant bushes, and flower gardens. Spas are fed from the underground hot springs. The air temperature is very heated. And we do not need an income source, only enjoy life inside…”
“…a volcano rock…” Stoker laughed.
Leer leaned into Eartha. “If this jerk every wanted to market his planet, he would become a zillionaire instantly.” He stands upright then laughs rudely while listening to the conversation.
“Are you the leader?” Chip continued the harsh greetings.
“No.”
“What is your name?”
“No.”
“My name is Chip. Do you sound with an equal noise?” He chuckled.
“No.”
“What should I call you?”
“You.”
“What!”
“You or sir or honey or darling.” The native laughed.
“What!” Chip exhales with annoyance. He said, “We are here to purchase a rock art piece.”
“Why?”
“It admits radiation fumes from its core that can kill your native herds or groups or alone with family or friend units within your Greenhouse home.” Leer sneers at the nameless and rude native from the unnamed rouge planet.
“What!” Both Chip and the native shouted at the same time.
Leer asked, “Can we take possession…?”
“Take it!” The native yelled. He reaches down and presses a button, “Take it! Have it! Get it! It has been launched and is off our planet now!” He laughed with amusement killing the communication link. The Mist Cloud goes black then morphs back into outer space environment showing a solo moving planet among the floating hard rocks and twinkling stars.
Leer gasps in shock and studies the new Mist Cloud image. He yelled, “What!” A rocket swiftly launches from the planet surface glowing in bright blue hue leaving a faint dusty trail in pale green. The rocket flies sideways aiming at the side panels on Leer’s warship.
Tean’s face does not appears on the bridge floor. He shouted to his buddy, “Leer, a rocket has launched from the rouge planet flying through the atmosphere, entering outer space. And it’s heading directly towards your ship. I’m taking aim, buddy!”
Leer shouted with worry, “Kill it, Tean! Kill it, Tean! Kill it, Tean!”
An orange-tinted, sphere-shaped F-bomb launches from the belly on Tean’s warship and aims at a bright blue rocket ship hitting the object. The object and the bomb collide exploding into an array of purple, green, and yellow strings of color while expanding several hundred miles within black tinted outer space. The rock art piece and its glass container with the sleeping rock soldier is destroyed into different bits of space dust.
The speaker announces an array of loud claps and louder cheers coming from each crew member on every bridge room.
On Leer’s warship, Leer bounces up and down with happiness, viewing the disintegrating colorful explosion within outer space. The rouge planet continues to soar its original orbital path around the Solar Sun leaving the three warships. Leer smiled, “You did it! You did it! You got it, buddy! Thanks, Tean! Thank you, Tean! That was, too, to close, buddy!” He stops jumping on top of the stone floor and carefully stares at the Mist Cloud and then gasps in fear viewing Purry. “Is…is that rock solider dead, Purry? There is only a plume of space dust left within the outer space waves, but you and your rock people do not need to breathe and can live in outer space. Can the space dust reform and create a rock solider?”
Purry continues to sit and stares into the explosion particles within the Mist Cloud. She ordered, “Stoker, fly into the plume of space dust and vacuum up all the dust particles into an internal containment field, here inside the ship, going around me. I’ll absorb the rest of the space dust from the rock soldier and the outer space waves, so the rock soldier cannot ever form into live and then attack any other earthlings on any other space colonies. Yes, you are correct, Leer. If the space dust reunites, then a tiny rock solider will form and attack one of the numerous colonies, eating numerous earthlings. Then the tiny rock solider will become a bigger rock solider and will not stop growing until it is terminated within its rock life form.”
“Right toe!” Stoker repeated Leer’s favorite expression. He works the controls flying the ship ahead. Then he stops inside a large cloud of colorful space dust and informs Purry. “I’m here! I’ve prepared a containment field down in the engine room for you, Purry. Get down there and wait! I’ll vacuum up all the contaminated space particles and spray them on you, so you can absorb all the scattered dots, without it becoming a live monster too.”
“Thank you, Stoker!” Purry stated. She quickly leaves the bridge room. Chip shuffles back to his seat sitting down, listening to the new conversation. Leer shifts back to his seat standing and viewing Darsha.
“Good thinking, Leer!” Eartha nodded with a smile to Stoker.
Darsha appears as her red tinted face displays on top of the bridge floor. She said, “Great job to all!”
Boodle arrives too and as her hologram pink-tinted face stands beside Darsha. She stated, “I got the new location of the art piece on Vega.”
She smiled. “Tean did a good job saving all of us! Time is money as they say. The next rock art piece is located on Vega.”
Inside the bridge room, Chip sits in his assigned chair and frowns at the rear skulls of each hologram image. He asked, “Vega, what?”
Eartha frowns at the hologram nose profile on Darsha and then Boodle. She asked, “Vega, are you referencing the Vega Star System with the bright and shiny Vega Star?”
“Yes.” Boodle smiled at Leer. The hologram face does not rotate around the bridge room viewing the other crew members like the sophisticated ones at the Outlaw Headquarters meeting room.
“What!” Leer snarled. “We just passed that star cluster an hour ago. Why didn’t we stop there first before advancing to Planet X space station?”
Tean and his hologram face appears in pale blue on top of the bridge standing beside Boodle’s face. Then he sneered at his friend. “Don’t yell at my girl! We’re doing the best we can with the limited data we got poking around the information while hunting for the next art piece.”
Darsha stated, “Attention! We’re heading to the Vega Star System. Get prepped and ready to fly at will! Yes, we all know that late but shared information, Pilot Leer. We pass through the top of the Goldilocks Zone…”
“…into the debris tails.” Stoker stated. He stands and shakes his bald mound. “This is not a good fairy tale but a demon tail.”
“Fairies don’t have a tail, Stoker.” Chip laughed.
“Demons do.” Eartha stated then sneered at Darsha. She agrees with Leer. The three warships and the reluctant Outlaw crew members have been flying all over the Solar System eating up both time and space. This outer space Outlaw mission is assigned to find and terminate Taradiddle, instead the smaller events are wasting precious time finding a load of hard rocks that cannot harm anyone, but the ground soil.
Darsha ordered. “I’m signing off and out right now and shoving off to Vega right here. See ya’ll there! Tean and I will arrive and assume our usual space docking stance several millions of miles away from the star as Leer docks around the star and gets the rock art piece.” All the hologram faces disappear and is replaced with the Mist Cloud.
The Mist Cloud displays the blackness of outer space outlined with the massive twinkling walls representing numerous globular clusters within the known Solar Sun limits, an array of orbiting large and small objects, within the Goldilocks Zone and dozens of twinkling stars and locations of the fixed planets in vivid colors.
Chip said with a frown at the new Mist Cloud. “Is the Vega Star System really located within the Milky Way Galaxy? I have heard the proper noun, since my ancient academic classes, but I have not really cared until now.”
Stoker laughed. “I don’t really care or really know either.”
Hero answered any and all human questions. “Yes, the Vega Star System is part of the Milky Way Galaxy. The star is located in the northern section of the galaxy and outside the Solar System at a high above the arc, within the Milky Way Galaxy. We will have no issue traveling and then reaching the Vega Star System in our warship. However, our Moth warship is sitting inside the wake of the Bennu Asteroid which will…”
“Right toe!” Leer stated. He exhales with frustration at his bossy Outlaw supervisor and his two bossy Outlaw co-workers. “I gotta move my ship right now. I don’t wanna get squashed like a bug.”
Chip frowned at the Mist Cloud. “Where are you moving the warship to?”
“We spin around from here without flying backwards and then go forward for a second trip through the Solar System, traveling to the Vega Star System. At this rate, we won’t leave the Goldilocks Zone, until the year 3300,” Eartha stated with a smile. She laughs with the other crew members but the robot.
“I concur.” Leer whispered. He frowns and sits down slowly lifting his finger gliding the ship sideways. The ship slowly spins around and steers downward away from scattered particles of tiny rock peddles and ice cubes hitting the stone panels, sliding away from the invisible orbital pathway of Planet Earth.
Hero narrated all valid important to the humans as the Computer Teacher and Reference assigned to the warship for safe outer space travels. “The closest celestial object is the Bennu Asteroid. Bennu Asteroid was discovered in the year 1999, in the month of September, on the eleventh day.”
Leer ordered. “We got our next order from Darsha. The Vega Star System, give me all the information about that hot topic, Zero.” He chuckles with the others.
Chip stated. He sits and smiles into the Mist Cloud. “The Vega star is the brightest star in the galaxy.”
Hero stated, “The Northern Hemisphere contains 800,000 galaxies; 100,000 quasars; 120,000 red-tinted giant stars, and 24,000 stars penetrating the misty dust clouds. One massive feature is the Great Wall of dense, thick stars. The Great Wall is 10 billion light years in length. The wall contains 283 globular clusters. A globular cluster is described as a sphere of bright, compact, fuzzy, and beauty located in the middle of the halo surrounded by millions of stars. The entire halo is tightly bound by gravity and orbits the galactic core. The gravity pull gives it the lovely stellar pattern. A globular cluster is the same age as the other globular clusters. The globular clusters live for a long time and are comprised of red colored stars, dead stars, whited tinted dwarf stars, neutron stars, and possess black holes too. The stars slowly scoot around within the dense environment in a long, looping orbit. Nothing really interferes with a globular cluster. Each globular cluster is posed the same distance from Planet Earth. The open globular clusters are the Pleiadeans Star System and the Omega Star System.”
Chip stated with a smile at the front wall. “A wall of stars.”
Stoker commented. “It ain’t a real wall. The Great Wall is a supercluster of roundish shape, when it is contrasted with an elongated shape, within the galaxy’s walls. The Great Wall cover eleven percent of the night sky looking at it here.”
“Stoker is correct. Chip is wrong.” Eartha laughs. Stoker smiles. Chip frowns.
Leer yelled. “Zero, give me all the information about the Vega Star System.”
Hero stated. “An elongated supercluster forms all the galaxy walls. The elongated supercluster is one billion light years in diameter and contains 830 visible galaxies with their respective superclusters. Light patterns from the distant galaxies are smeared and twisted in pale blue hue with odd shapes, high arcs, and very long horizontal streaks, and numerous sound waves. The galaxy sound spreads outwards like fast-moving ripples within a calm pond water.”
Leer jerks the ship sideways as each body tumbles off the cushion then lands down on the floor, except for Stoker. Stoker is a space veteran and always webs into his seat for an emergency, like this one.
Chip yelled resting on the floor. “What! What are you doing up here, Leer?”
“Dodging the flying bullet…solar flare!” Leer chuckled.
Hero stated, “A solar flare expands forward coming from the fixed position of the Solar Sun.”
Stoker laughed. “It missed us. Whew!”
Chip slowly stands upright from the floor. He stated. “O! Carry on!” He sits down and views the Mist Cloud.
Eartha continues to sit and smiles at the new portions within the Solar System. This might be an Outlaw mission. But it is a once-in-a-lifetime view of the Solar System. Not many natives from a planet can fly around the Solar System. Every native has a job working for bits or has not job owning trillions of bits for pleasure and parties. Eartha is a working native among the planets. She turns her eyeballs and studies the Pleiadean Star System, accessing all her learned information about all the stars, planets, and other heavenly bodies while ignoring the nasty banter between Leer and the annoying robot.
The Pleiadean Star System is comprised of the brightest blue tinted stars, star dust particles, dust clouds, and gas clouds. A blue star is heated and hot and is young. The star interacts and tugs on each other creating a massive amount of energy then flies away from the cluster of stars creating its own entity. The system does not exhibit a finite edge like a globular cluster or a planet. The system is 10 billion years old. The stars hang in a long, lopping orbit around the star system and are posed as the same distance from Planet Earth.
Leer continues to fly the ship with a smile. He yelled. “Zero, give me all the information about the Vega Star System.”
Hero addressed. “I must point out…”
“…the Vega Star System…” Leer ordered. He swiftly steers the ship.
Hero stated. “The Vega Star was identified as the Pole Star on Planet Earth in the year 12,000 B.C. In the year 14,000 A.D. Vega Star will become the Pole Star on Planet Earth once again.”
“I won’t be birthed in that time frame.” Stoker chuckled.
“Useful information, Hero!” Leer sneered.
Chip added for his fun. “What was the purpose of the Vega Star as the Pole Star for the earthlings?”
Hero stated, “The earthlings used to calculate the great space distances between Planet Earth and the globular clusters on the edge of the Solar System.”
“No wonder Earth died out. There natives quit dreaming of the stars and start traveling to the stars.” Stoker smiled.
Hero narrated. “The Vega Star is 455 million years old and appears like a bluish-white bag with a dull star in the center.”
Chip stated, “The Vega Star is the second brightest star in illumination within the Milky Way Galaxy.”
“Wait!” Leer yelled. He gasps and continues to steer the ship. “How do I keep from going blind approaching the second brightest star within the galaxy.” Stoker laughs and continues to monitor the flame-burn screens. Leer sneers at his crew member. “What’s so funny, Stoker? I need to hear a new joke too.”
Stoker stated. He smiles and views Leer. “We don’t have any glass windows on the walls or the ceiling panels, Leer. The walls are made of solid stone. We will not see the blinding rays of brightest illumination within the galaxy.” He chuckles with the others.
Hero stated. “The Mist Cloud is your eyes and your map, Captain Leer.”
Leer frowned. “What else is important about the Vega Star?”
The robot addressed. “There are not any new stars or new planets or new moons with the ancient Vega Star System…”
“…that’ll bite your ass or wreck our ship. Thanks goodness!” Eartha laughed.
Hero stated. “Uoo! That is a nice Mist Cloud for our travels. The Vega Star System is located in the northeastern portion of outer space. Starting from the floor level, I can clearly see the Lagoon Nebula. The nebula consists of two gaseous rough semi-circles. What is a semi-circle? A circle without a smooth round pattern, like the Lagoon Nebula. The nebula is colored with white center surrounded in pinks, yellows, and hot pinks. The nebula is 4,077 light years from Planet Earth.”
Stoker ordered, “Move along, Zero!”
Hero continued. “Above the colorful Lagoon Nebula, Barnard’s Loop floats magically and magnificently. The left-side displays a half-moon figure in bright red hue. In the middle, the gaseous clouds are semi-squared shapes. One top stand a pink and blue cloud of colorful gases. On the bottom, Orion Nebula floats freely. On the right-side, a wiggling gas of blue hue holds the brightly lit Rigel star. The Orion Nebula is a disk of colorful dust particles and gases surrounding newly formed stars spanning 0.14 light years. Within the nebula, particles and stars move in a circular orbit. The rotation of the disk prevents a collapse of the structure. The green color represents 75 percent of the hue containing hydrogen elements. The blue hue represents 25 percent of helium elements. The yellow color is two percent and is composed of sulfur minerals, all floating within outer space.”
“Move along, Zero!” Stoker ordered. He continues to monitor the hologram screens and wears a sour frown.
Hero stated. “Above Barnard’s Loop, red tinted, supernova Betelgeuse stands. The star is circled by Meissa star and the Belatrix star. The…”
“Thanks for the showcase of the Solar System,” Chip stated. He slips off the seat, spins around and nods to Leer. He said. “Let’s aid Leer in finding the Vega Star Cluster!”
“Yes!” Eartha yelled. She starts to loudly clap with a bright smile and stares at the Mist Cloud.
Leer frowned, “No!”
“Yeah!” She yelled again.
He sneered. “Nope!”
Chip ordered. “Reduce the Mist Cloud!”
“No.” Leer yelled. He continues to fly the starship by finger pad to the next heavenly object jumping over space and time, traveling to the next targeted art piece.
Eartha stated, “Do it, too it, Water Boy!” She spins around and winks at Leer. Leer is concentrating with flying the craft. She said, “We’re going to show you where the Vega Star shines.”
Leer pulls back his finger. The Mist Cloud reduces down displaying the eastern side of the Solar System featuring some of the planets, individual stars, and star clusters.
Chip smiled. “Thank you, Leer! The Vega Star System is located in the northern sky. Now, view and form a square-shaped pattern within the northern sky. The Procyon star is yellow colored and located on the western side within the northern sky.”
Hero stated, “The Procyon Star is slight northwest of the Sirius star cluster. The Procyon Star is 11.46 light years from Planet Earth. The Procyon Star is a binary star orbiting around another star, and it is parallel to the Betelgeuse Star.”
Stoker stated with a stern face. “It’s a dead drifting binary star floating around outer space.” He chuckles with the other crew members.
Hero stated. “Below the Chip stated, “A blue-tinted Sirius star lies on the edge of the northern sky pattern and is the brightest star in the sky…”
“…and the Seagull Nebula is near the brightest star in the sky too.” Chip expressed. He lays on his back spine pointing into the Mist Cloud on the ceiling stones. “The Seagull Nebula is a board expansion of glittering gas and dust in a reddish-pink glow of atomic hydrogen and presents in a bird-like image. The Parrot Nebula sets above the Seagull’s head. The Parrot Nebula is comprised of gases and dust particle clouds containing bright, young blue tinted stars. The young blue tinted stars are expanding into 100 light years and stands 3,800 light years from Planet Eartha.”
“Thanks for the useless information, Memory Chip.” Leer snarled. The other life forms chuckle at both Leer and Chip.
Hero stated, “Sirius Star is six trillion miles from Planet Earth. It features 17,000 degrees Fahrenheit measurements pouring out tons of heated gaseous radiation poisonous particles. The sun records 10,000 degrees of heated and gaseous solar flares in Fahrenheit measurements.”
“Purry laughs. “Sounds hot!” The other crew members chuckle at her comment.
“Talk about gas!” Stoker laughed.
Hero continued. “The Sirius Star converts hydrogen molecules into helium elements through nuclear fission. It is a young, hot star and it is 25 times larger than our Solar Sun. Sirius is a binary star of two white tinted stars that orbit each other and are separated by millions of miles. The star was first observed by the Ancient Egyptians in the 7th Century B.C., on Planet Earth. Sirius Star is a white tined dwarf star that will die in one billion years.”
Eartha stated, “Now, that’s a dead race and a death star!” She laughs with the other crew members.
Stoker stated with a stern face. “It’s a dead drifting binary star floating around outer space.” He chuckles with the other crew members.
Chip stated. “On the opposite side of the Procyon Star lies the red tinted Betelgeuse Star. The Betelgeuse is a supernova dwarf star which will explode into space dust within 10,000 years.”
Stoker stated with a stern face. “It’s a dead drifting binary star floating around outer space.” He chuckles with the other crew members.
Chip turns and frowns at Stoker. The cyborg stated. “They’re all dead and not coming back to life, Stoker.”
“I believe in reincarnation.” He slapped his metal forearm and stated with a stern face. Then he laughs with the others.
Chip turns and nods to Leer. He stated. “Now, connect the colorful dots of yellow down to blue and then upwards to red. You will see an upside-down triangle. In the center of the upside-down triangle, the Vega Star lies.”
Leer gasps in shock but continues to fly with his finger pad jumping both space and time to the next heavenly object. He stated. “I see. I see it. I see an upside-down triangle. I know where I’m going.”
Hero continued. “The Vega Star System is pretty much a dying red dwarf star in outer space.”
Stoker stated. “You can’t hit the object as it is a bulge-shaped object almost three times the radius of our Solar Sun.”
“Then the ship will burn into toast with Pilot Leer at the finger controls.” Eartha laughed alone.
“How far is the next destination for the next rock piece?” Leer asked.
Chip gasped, “What!”
“Say what!” Stoker laughed. He knows that information too. He finds that Leer is stubborn and needs to find information on his know.
“The Vega star cluster is 25 light years or 150,300,000,000 miles from our current position.” Hero stated. It sits against the wall and states in a loud monotone drone voice. “We will arrive at the front of the Vega Star System in 167 hours and…”
“What!” Chip yelled. He gasps then turns to see the robot.
Eartha shakes her curls and stares at the Mist Cloud. She stated, “The math number of 167 hours divided by the Earth hours of 24 equals seven days. I don’t wanna be or do this mission thing for seven days and nights.”
Hero narrated, “The Vega Star System is 25 light years from Planet Earth. One light year equals six trillion miles. Thus, 25 light years equal 150…”
“Enough!” Leer yelled. “We had been selected to start and then complete this Outlaw mission for as long as it takes, and we are going to do just that even if retrieving each rock art piece takes seven hours or seven days or seven weeks or seven months.” He wiggles his finger in the air.
Eartha smiled, “Unless…”
“Unless, what, Eartha?” He studied the nearest object within the Mist Cloud.
“Unless, we do it Leer’s way!” Eartha laughed.
“What is Leer’s way?” Chip frowned.
“Unless, we do it Leer’s way, when he touches the farthest object within outer space that jolts the warship to that object within seconds.” She chuckled. Chip and Leer both gasp in shock. Stoker turns and winks to Eartha.
Leer asked. He turns and stares at Stoker. “Can we do jump over time and space without flying for seven days? Will that maneuver harm the ship or hurt us, Stoker?”
“Nope!” Stoker said. He shakes his bald mound.
“Wait!” Chip yelled. He stands facing Leer and lifts both of his arms in the air. “How is that impossible not to harm the warship or hurt me? I am not indestructible here.” He slaps his chest first than his legs next with both hands.
Stoker smiled. “When the human finger pad touches a distance object, which is faster than the average flame-burn engine speed, the flames create a powerful surge inside the engines than leap frogs the warship through all the heavenly objects towards that target while defying time, space, gravity, and the speed of light.”
“Wow! The warship goes beyond the speed of light and hyper-speed of light too.” Chip nodded.
He nodded. “Sorta! I can’t really explain the space physics.”
Eartha stated. She smiles and points at Leer, “And you didn’t need too, Stroker. Leer has demonstrated that amazing scientific space astronomical physics feat two times already. Do it again, Leer!”
Leer gasps in shock. He stated, “Well, I guess the fastest flight path is a straight line from Point A, us, to Point B, Vega. Yeah, I can do it again. What is the best flight path to take for a single jump to the Vega star system without getting smashed into an asteroid or a planet or a comet or another bigly large heavenly object, Stoker?”
Stoker stated. “Outer space is infinite and goes in all directions without hitting a wall,” he chuckles. “I would lift our warship into the upper realms of outer space away from all the planets and bigger comets and larger asteroids. There is not any type of dwarf or binary or trinary stars located around any of the planets, so that part of outer space is just black cold dark matter as the earthling scientists guess. Once the warship is up there, reduce the Mist Cloud and find the Vega Star Cluster and then touch the outside black space without smashing into the stars.” He chuckles again.
“That sounds easy!” Chip chuckled with Stroker.
Eartha said. She sits down and watches Leer. “So, now, we become a frog warship, instead of a moth warship,” she laughs with nervousness.
Leer nods in silence to a wiser Stoker and sits down leaning into the Mist Cloud, touching the particles with his nose bridge. The Mist Cloud reduces down displaying the flight paths of Earth, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. Beyond the tiny planet figures, outer space is painted with colorful planetary nebulas, stellar clouds of gas, space dust, solar winds, and twinkling stars billions of miles away.
Hero does not smile but expresses with his monotone computer voice. It stated, “Ah! Leer has successful reduced the Mist Cloud down into a miniature Solar System which clearly displays as the second brightest object in the northern heavens. The Vega Star is colored in blue-whitish hue and one million miles in width.”
“Well, that won’t be too hard to find!” Stoker laughed.
Leer wears a stern face and reaches out wiggling his nervous fingertips. He ordered. “Everyone, please, sit down and web into your assigned cushion seat. This trip is going to be a rough ride.”
“Actually, the trip will be a smooth ride. But each crew member needs to sit and flow with the swift body motion without causing a broken arm or a busted nose bridge.” Stoker said. Then he softly chuckles and monitors the screens on his hologram workstation.
“Now, you explain the danger.” Chip frowned at the Mist Cloud.
Leer shouted. “Right toe!” He reaches up and touches gliding the ship upwards through the black tinted particles moving away from the orbiting planets, asteroids, and comets. The Mist Cloud reduces again showing circular patterns of dust particles that cover all the stellar objects. He reaches out and touches the black particles of outer space carefully spinning the warship around, facing the northern side of the Solar System. He exhales with worry and softly states. “I am reaching out, touching the second brightest blue thing in the northern outer space.” He taps on the black tinted empty space before the fixed tar stopping the warship before crashing into the star, killing his person and his new crew members. The warship immediately jolts into forward motion without a care and with a ting of danger swiftly soaring through the colorful clouds of dust and space grinding through time and space within two second then halts with a powerful jerk and a series of metal pain squeaks, hovering a few millions of miles before a bright light.
Each crew member exhales with sour breathes then shakes their human body for any damaged parts. Hero continues to stand against the curved wall on top of its secured thirteen suction cups attached to the stone floor holding its upright skateboard-patterned metal body in place without a robotic word.

At 03:00:24 hours/minutes/seconds, the warship halts with a smooth jolt as the crew members quickly sway sideways from that violent stop still sitting on top of an individual cushion, adjusting their body parts while staring at the new object. The Mist Cloud quickly adjusts to the new object displaying a large and wide bulge of blue and white light.
Leer shakes his body on top of the chair without pain in an organ or muscle then slowly stands upright performing a second body check and then smiles waving both of his hands in the air waves. He yelled, “I’m fine and healthy. Is anyone harmed or hurt or bleeding?”
“No.” Eartha shouted. She shakes her body within the webbing and then smiles at the bright object in the Mist Cloud.
“No.” Stoker yelled. He shakes his body within the webbing net also and then checks the hologram monitors on the flame engines and other parts of the warship for damage.
“No.” Purry said. She stands from her webbing and stares at the Mist Cloud.
“No.” Chip yelled. He continues to sit within his webbing and runs an operational system on his machine parts.
Leer claps then sits down. He yelled, “Right toe! The plan worked perfectly. Thanks to Eartha! So, we pocket that idea for the next trip swiftly finding the rest of the rock art pieces and then we all go home. Yay!” The crew members cheer and clap with delight.
Hero stated. “Pilot Leer, you did a fantastic job flying the Moth. We are posed 100 million miles from the Vega Star System.”
“Right toe!” Leer said. He leans over touching the black tinted particles. The Mist Cloud expands and displays black tinted outer space dotted with twinkling stars and a massive circle with gassy patterns in blue, purple and pink shades of color. Leer frowns at the new image. “Is that the Vega Star?”
“Presenting the Vega Star!” Chip laughed alone.
Hero stated staring at the new image within the Mist Cloud. “The surface temperature on the Vega Star is 17,540.33 Fahrenheit. The equator measurement is 5,065.18 miles. Vega is a weaken star mass made of heavier elements. The heavier elements are converting into lighter minerals drifting into the outer space waves towards the eastern quadrant.” The others laugh at the robot’s obviously silly science statement. The robot continues. “The Vega Star will approach the closest measurement to our Solar Sun in the year 263,000 A.D., at the space distance of 13.2 light years or 79,200,000,000,000 miles.”
“I’ll be way dead future forward by then.” Stoker laughed.
Chip frowned. “What’s that? Is it a planet? Is it a bubble? Is the star inside a bubble? I didn’t know that bubbles existed in outer space.”
Hero explained. “Your eyeballs are viewing a debris disc of colorful space gases and particles surrounding the individual Vega stars. The main Vega Star rotates every 12.50 hours and is 455 million years old. The Vega Star was the North Star position, for Planet Earth, in the year 12,000 B.C., based on my computer historical books.”
“I wasn’t alive back then either.” Stoker smiled.
The robot continued. “In the year 13,727 A.D., the Vega star will become the North Star for Planet Earth again.”
“I’ll be dead future forward then too.” Stoker laughed.
Leer steers the warship closer to the disk. He asked, “Does the sack hold any large and loose rocks?”
Hero stated, “That sack is called a disk which is made of harmless lighter dust debris particles. The debris disk is 75,713,500,000,000 miles long.”
“Well, it’s obviously a long disk…dick…dish.” Eartha laughed.
The robot said, “The debris disk is 30,657,000,000,000 miles in height and 6,503,000,000,000 miles in depth. However, there is a hole of the debris disk at the top which leads down into the star. The hole is 7,432,000,000,000 miles wide…”
“…for a ride, a wild ride, baby,” Stoker laughed with the others as the warship bobs up, down, and then sideways. Leer releases his finger as the ship halts but continues to wobble sideways. Each crew member wobbles against the seasick motion.
Chip reaches down and grabs the sides of the cushion. He shouted out loud. “The ship’s shaking. Why’s the ship shaking?”
Hero addressed. “The Vega Star naturally emits a wavelength sound of …”
“I don’t care. Fix it, Zero!” Leer yelled. Hero starts to blink a set of colorful lights. The warship stables within outer space.
Stoker reported. “The robot did it. It fixed it.”
“Thanks, Stoker! What else did you not tell me, Zero?” Leer shouted in frustration. He starts to steer the ship towards the blue and white tinted debris disk.
Hero stated. “The inner dust band does not contain any comets or meteorites.”
“Shut up, Zero!” He snarled.
Stoker stated. “The longer the wavelength sound; the lower the frequency. The shorter the wavelength sound; the higher the sound frequency. The biggest stars sound in a low, deep tube or bass musical timber. The smaller stars play in a high-pitched timber like a musical flute instrument.”
“Shut it, Stoker!” Leer shouted. He sneers and touches the black particles and glides the ship with flame speed entering the new bluish-purple misty field surrounding a bright ball of light.
Leer frowns through the cloud at the new misty field. He asked, “Why doesn’t the bridge alarms scream with an alarm warning of pretty or ugly or dangerous outer space dusts particles? I can see the colorful dust particles in front of my face.”
Chip sits on the cushion and smiles at the disk. He asked, “What alarms, Captain?”
“He’s not the captain, only a finger pilot.” Eartha stated. She laughs and lounges in the chair without performing any tasks on the mission.
“I turned them off, so I didn’t hear a set of annoying screams coming from the crew members,” Stoker stated. Then he chuckles with the others and continues to monitor the row of horizontal hologram screens.
Chip studies the mist field without seeing the star. He asked. “Where do the humans reside on the star? That ball is hot and heated.”
Hero stated. “The average surface temperature is a yucky 293 degrees Fahrenheit. The city of humans stands on the dark side of the star and orbits around to see the fixed Solar sunny rays every 116 days.”
The cyborg continued. “How does a human and his pets and his plants live on a heated star?”
Stoker stated, “Convection is the raising of heat leaving cooler temperatures for the humans, pets, and plants. Heat is not required. Liquid water exists in the form of floaty steam plumes.”
“Thank you, Stoker!” Hero stated, “This new misty field is comprised of gases and space dust and is harmless to the outer metal on the Moth warship. The Moth possesses super-hype flame speed and can outride any celestial or man-made object within our galaxy, Leer. So, don’t fret about it!”
Chip stated, “This space field is beautiful shimmering in blues, purples, tiny violets. The field appears like a veil…no…a scarf around the star.”
“The star is the yellow-white circular object in the middle of the bluish-purple field. Go very slow, Leer!” Hero stated.
Purry smiled. “It’s so blue.”
“It’s so bright!” Chip stated. He materializes a pair of black-framed sunglasses over his two implanted eyeballs.
“It’s so bumpy.” Leer stated. The belly of the Moth sounds with a large scratching noise and then jolts into a full stop within the outer space waves. The belly securely lounges on top of an elevated metal plate.
The crew members tumble down on top the floor or over their individual cushion or into the metal wall. Each one slowly stands upright and stares into the Mist Cloud.
“What in the hell just happened here?” Leer announced out loud his frustration into the Mist Cloud, all the crew members, and the new world. “What’s this? Right toe!”
“I’m alive,” Chip leaps from the floor and stands with a smile. He stated, “Don’t worry! What object has hit the ship? Is the ship harmed?”
Stoker slowly stands and smiles while scanning the screens. He stated, “The ship is alive too. But the ship hit something. Else something hit the ship.”
“What am I not seeing? What just happened to us? What hit us? Did we acquire a new outer space enemy?” Eartha asked. She giggles with silliness and then slowly spins around scanning each stone wall while feeling both worry and suspicion.
“The science question is: what has happened to the Moth?” Stoker asked. He frowns and moves from the side wall sliding down at his assigned cushion, fiddling with the hologram controls. “The ship has halted, like stopped, within the outer space waves. We are not orbiting the planet or sailing through the outer space waves either.”
“What! How’s that possible? That or this is impossible. An outer spaceship soars through the outer space waves, not hovers within the outer space waves, like…like a fixed stationary planet. I do not visually see any damage on our ship or any type of falling objects coming from the metal belly on our ship. Did we hit something else other than a star or a planet or a comet?” Chip asked. He stands upright from his assigned cushion seat and stares into the Mist Cloud seeing on dull blue and white tiny particles within the disk field.
Hero explained, “This device appears as an extremely high man-made elevator transportation machine that starts on the surface of the planet and extends upward into the twinkling stars. And the ship has automatically attached to the machine surface for some odd reason.”
Stoker said with a nod. “A magnetic field on the man-made machine has done that to us.”
Chip said with a frown. “There is a man-made platform in the middle of outer space. That’s both weird and strange.”
Leer exhales with frustration and turns nodding to Eartha. He stated, “No! Not really, too weird and strange. There is a man-made windmill in the middle of outer space too.” She nods back in silence.
Chip turns and stares at Leer. He yelled, “What!”
Leer turns and sneers at the stoker crew member. He ordered, “Get us off this machine, Stoker!”
“No, Leer! We know of an existing art piece here. We must retrieve it, before Taradiddle comes here after us and steals it next. This is our primary outer space Outlaw mission.” Purry stated. She nods with her rock-coated smile to the Mist Cloud while seeing the ancient debris field.
He tosses both arms in the air then slaps his legs nodding with a stern face. He said, “Right toe! Chip, go and take this elevator carriage and go and do your thing with the leaders of this star!”
Chip climbs up first then stands on top of his assigned cushion shouting into the Mist Cloud using his robotic mind and then reaches out touching the outer space computer monitor. He speaks to both the crew members and the new planet of natives. He said, “Hello! Can you hear me? Is my voice clear? Greetings to all the natives!”
“Hurry up and ask them that single non-complicated question, Potato Chip! This ain’t no seafood festival down there or up here. I miss my water hole!” Leer snarled at the back spine on Chip and then the bright star.
“I am getting to that point, if you could be so kind not to vocally comment in-between my sentence structures. I like to create a friendly and pleasant outer space presence with nice decorum and pretty garden party atmosphere…”
“Are you programmed to speak out loud using a contraction? I’m. We’ll. We’re. Us is.” Stoker laughed.
The Mist Cloud disappears and then presents a wall of hard rock etched into a grove of tall shade trees with numerous limbs. Each shade tree trunk contains purple tint. Each limb is colored in yellow hue. On top of each tree limb, a series of etched birds appear tall, short, fat, thin in numerous colors. In front of the rock wall, a line of tall females stands and waves into the Mist Cloud on the bridge room. The first female displays a head of long strawberry blonde hair strands, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a smooth tone of pink tinted skin wearing a pink sleeveless dress. The second female presents a smooth tone of olive tinted skin, a pair of orange tinted eyeballs, and a head of auburn-colored, long, hair strands wearing an orange sleeveless gown. The third female shows a smooth tone of amber tinted skin, a pair of matching amber tinted eyeballs, and a head of long matching hair strands wearing an amber tinted sleeveless dress. The fourth female displays a head of long blonde colored hair stands, a tone of white tinted skin, and a pair of blue tinted eyeballs wearing a light blue sleeveless dress. The fifth female shows a head of long black colored hair strands, a pair of gray tinted eyeballs, and a smooth tone of black tinted skin wearing a gray tinted sleeveless dress. Each female wears a long sheath dress that does not cover their body parts.
Inside the bridge room, Leer smiles and waves back to the line of females. He said, “Wow! Look at them!”
Hero stated. “The air temperature on the Vega Star is 17,315 degrees Fahrenheit which is sizzling hot.”
Stoker smiled. “Yeah, they’re sizzling hot.”
The middle female greeted with a smile to the crew members. “Greetings! My name is Starling, darling!” Each male performs a soft moan of lust.
Chip smiles and stutters his words. He said, We…we…”
“We are here…” Eartha yelled with a lady sneer at the line of pretty girls.
Starling continued to introduce with a smile. “The word Vega translates into a swooping vulture. My sisters include Bombie and Peacock and Nightingale and Partridge…”
“…in a pear tree. Yay! I know that merry musical tune too. However, I didn’t hear the crow.” Eartha laughed. The Mist Cloud changes and then displays a single male.
A new voice stated, “Hello! My name is Crow.” A tall slender male with long silver hair strands, a pair of gray eyeballs, and a tone of brown tinted skin appears and sneers at Eartha.
Eartha continued. “O!” She laughs. “There is a crow, crow, crow…ho…ho…ho…”
“What is the purpose of your starship visit, Miss Universe? Vega normally receives visitors when we have ordered the necessary supplies. However, I do not have a shipment of supplies arriving here until next week.”
She winks at the cute male first. She said. “Yeah, we ain’t a supply ship. We’re a scout ship. We’re here at your star seeking a piece of hard artwork made of rock. We have received information that one of your natives is in possession of this particular rock art piece. It is an art piece from Dwarf planet Pluto and looks like a rock in multiple colors including red, blue, green, pink, yellow, orange and more of the rainbows. Can you locate that art piece for us?”
He stated without a smile, “What is the purpose of the art piece?’
She nods with a smile and holds up each finger pad. She said, “Well, first, it is a stolen artifact from Pluto. Second, it contains radiation waves that kill any human life form deader than a door nail. Third, I like you and will take it off your hands for free of bits or freedom of death. Your draw, Sir Crow!” Eartha softly giggles at her silly demand.
Crow gasps in alarm and nods several times. He stated with several head nods of silver shoulder length lock, “Of course, I’ll locate the art piece immediately.” The wall of etched trees disappears and is replaced with the Mist Cloud. The bright Vega starlight blinds each crew member. Then each one places a pair of sunglasses over their sensitive eyeballs.
Leer turns and stares at Eartha He asked, “Why did you go and do that, Eartha?”
Eartha turns and smiles at Leer. She stated, “First, we’re in a hurry. Second, we need the art piece. Third, we are looking for Taradiddle.” She snaps her fingers at Leer. “Don’t your recall our Outlaw mission?” She nods and slaps her hands down to her legs.
“The radiation conversation is a lie.”
She nodded. “But Taradiddle is the truth.” The elevator platform shakes then sounds with a buzzing racket.
Leer gasps in alarm. He yelled, “What! What’s that new sound? Are we located near a black hole?”
Stoker stares at the monitors and points down to the floor. He yelled back, “Geez! The natives are drilling a hole opening, within the metal bottom, inside the lower deck on our Moth.”
“Are we going to die? Will the warship survive such an ultimate metal attack on her metal belly?” Chip gasped.
He states. “Yeah, I’ll survive. I don’t know about Chip, thou,” Stoker laughed.
“I heard that!” Chip sneered.
“The drill tool has quickly punched a hole in the metal. The elevator carriage holds oxygen for breathing also. We’re all safe and sound. A crank is placing the glass container with the art piece onto the floor inside the engine room.” Stoker reported.
“I’m going to go and do my thing to the sleeping rock soldier!” Purry stated. She stands and exits the bridge room hurrying down to the engine room. She will absorb the dots from the unbroken rock piece within the glass containment field quickly making her body grow tall and stronger too.
“Will Purry be okay with the art piece?” Leer asked. He turns and views an empty tunnel, where Purry has disappeared.
“She’s a dot. She doesn’t breathe or eat or piss or shit.” Eartha said. She sneers and sits down waiting on Purry to finish her job.
Stoker continued to monitor the screens. “The same drill tool has morphed into a soldering tool and is replacing the tiny hole in our metal floor. I’m really impressed with the awesome technology showing at each new star. But I’m quite puzzled that no one has ever discovered the rock art piece was really a sleepy rock solider.”
“Tarafiddle spent decades and decades and maybe centuries constructing his 49 rock soldiers plus the logistics of selling each one to an innocent buyer throughout the Solar System. He has both guts and smarts. But he was very slow at his new plan ruling the galaxy.” Leer laughed.
“I, for one, am glad that Tarafiddle is both slow and dumb.” Chip nodded.
“The soldering tool has finished its job.” Stoker announced.
Leer nodded, “Is our belly floor intact for more outer space traveling by finger pad?”
“Yes, our metal floor is flight-worthy. Purry has broken the glass and is quickly absorbing the dots. She is growing in both in height and volume and weight.”
“I’m not worried. She’ll reduce back down to a normal size after finishing her mid-morning meal. It is still early morning on my home world of Neptune” Leer stated. He laughs and claps with delight. “Time to go!”
Eartha asked. “Where is Tean and Darsha within the vast outer space waves? They’re soaring at average flame-burn towards Vega and will arrive within seven more days,” she laughs. Leer has forgotten to mention his new flying method that cuts into the travel time by 10,000 percent.
“Right toe!” Leer stated. He smiles and points to Eartha. “Yeah, I forgot all about them. Once we leave…”
“…and go where. Tean is the one locating each art piece on each star or planet.” Chip said with a nod to Leer.
Leer smiled, “Right toe! I need to contact him and Darsha and let them know where we are docked and locked. How do I create a hologram face, Zero?”
“I am the computer that projects your face into each bridge room. Are you ready, Pilot Leer?” Hero stated without emotion.
He nods and smiles. Leer stated, “Yeah, I’m ready!”
While still standing in front of his assigned purple cushion, inside his bridge room, Leer does nothing as his hologram face in red hue appears on top of the other two warship bridge rooms and then stares at Darsha, then Tean and finally Boodle. His natural voice said, “Wow! My face feels really weird and weird-feeling.”
On Tean’s bridge room, Tean halts his warship as it is dangerous to fly through a hologram of faces, not stars. He smiled at the hologram face of Leer. “What’s up, buddy?”
On Darsha’s bridge room, Darsha sneered at her employee. “Make your proclamation quickly, Leer! I’m still flying the ship through your forehead.”
Leer stated. “I’m here at the Vega star system.”
“What!” She yelled. She halts her warship.
Tean laughs and shakes his bone skull. He asked, “How in the universe is that even possible, Leer? I left the area a long time before you did.”
Leer winked to Tean. “I have a new secret flying method that I will gladly share. But for the moment, both of you stop your warship. Where are you located at?”
He said, “We are about to exit the Goldilocks Zone.”
Leer ordered, “Get outside the zone. I’m leaving right now and flying to you. Do you have a new location for the next art piece?”
Tean said. “Yes, we’ve located the fourth art piece.”
Darsha frowned. “How can you do that, Leer?”
“No time to explain! I’ll be there in a few minutes.” Leer laughed. His hologram face disappears off each bridge room. He opens his eyeballs and stares at the bright lights within the Mist Cloud replacing his dark-tinted sunglasses blocking the rays.
Hero said. “I have terminated your hologram face from each bridge room. The ship is ready for departure, Pilot Leer.”
Leer claps and smiles to his crew members. He ordered, “We’re going to sail backwards to the edge of the Goldilocks Zone and meet then greet Tean and Darsha. Tean has found the next art piece. Time to go! Stoker, release the ship from the elevator platform.”
Eartha frowned. “If Tean possesses the location with the next art piece, then he should go after it immediately. If we, the three warships continue to scout the Solar System for a picnic table, then we, three will be roaming outer space for months or years at this rate. We need to regroup and strategy a better plan then flying around the universe.”
“Yes, sir!” Stoker stated. He fiddles with the controls on his workstation.
Leer nods and points at Eartha. He stated, “And that is an excellent idea, Eartha! You have my permission to tell that to Darsha. She is still our Outlaw supervisor and the leader of the Outlaw mission.”
She said. “I will.”
Leer claps and sits down. He stated, “Done!” He leans over and gently taps the edge of the bright tinted particles. The Mist Cloud reduces down and presents three thick circular patterns of dust particles that cover all the stellar objects. He reaches out and touches the black particles of outer space. “I’m going to slowly spin the ship around and face the sunshine. Then we’ll head back and meet Tean and Darsha.” The Moth ship does not move. Leer retracts his fingers and wiggles the digits reaching out, tapping the black tinted particles again. The ship does not move. He slaps the particles with force. Still, the ship does not move. He growls. “What in the fudge? Something is wrong here! I’m stuck.”
“I told everyone he cannot fly with his finger.” Eartha laughed.
He said with a deep sneer, “No! My finger works perfectly. The ship is not responding to my finger touch. Do you see something wrong or weird, Stoker?”
Stoker scans the screens and shakes his bald mound. He stated, “No! We have flame-burn. We have a bottom floor. Purry has contained the dots. And we are ready to roll, Captain.”
He exhales and reaches out touching the particles. The ship does not move. Leer stated, “Well, something is still not working or still wrong or still weird here! Check again, Stoker!”
Stoker performs a second inspector then gasps in shock. He stated, “Yes, there is something wrong. The ship floor is still stuck onto the elevator platform.”
Leer waves both of his arms in the air. He yelled at the Mist Cloud. “Get us off the platform, Stoker, right now!”
“I have released the cramps from the platform. I have flame-burn engines. The ship should gently slip off the metal platform and drift into outer space, but the ship is performing that function. The ship is not falling off the metal platform. We are still stuck or glued in place. I am trying to figure out why and how and what and how and other inquiring questions.”
Chip frowned, “How is that possible?”
Stoker gasps in alarm and nods with a stern face. He stated, “Now, I can explain the impossible. The only explanation is that the soldiering tool has soldered the bottom floor to the elevator platform. I’m sorry Leer. I should have noticed that.”
“Don’t worry about it! You were not guiding the soldering tool that soldered our ass to the elevator platform. The natives did somehow.” Leer stated. “Right toe! That’s a good reason of not moving through outer space. So, we need to contact Crow and get us unsoldered off the platform. Chip, go and do your thing here!” He slaps both of his hands down to his legs.
Chip slides off the cushion with a smile and taps into the Mist Cloud. Immediately, the etched hard wall appears showing the same line of tall, beautiful females. Their father Crow stands in the middle. Chip said to Crow. “Sir, we are so sorry to perturb your space again.”
Purry returns and stands upright on top of the floor. She stated, “I like his wording.” Purry softly giggles and watches the entertaining humans shuffling back to her pink tinted seat cushion.
Chip continued, “But we have somehow become soldered onto the elevator platform and we need some assistance to become unsoldered.”
Crow laughs and hugs his two daughters nodding back to Chip within the Mist Cloud. He stated, “Naw! That’s not your problem. You have showed both honor and intrigue with our natives, so we invite all of your crew members to come down through the attached elevator carriage and party with us today. The light is always bright here for a celebration.”
Stoker smiles with a nod in silence. Chip gasps in shock. Eartha sits and crosses her arm wearing a frown. Purry studies the new humans.
Leer gasps in annoyance. He firmly stated, “Sir, Crow, we are all honored that you wanna invite us for a fun, social people party. We all like to party down too. But, right now, we’re on a vitally important space mission. We really must go and…”
“Naw! Come down and relax and stay for a few hours! Then you can continue onto your space mission.”
Leer waves both of his hands and shakes his curls. He stated, “No! No! No! We have places to go and peoples to see.” He softly chuckles at his silly statement.
“Yes, we insist.”
“No, we cannot.”
“Yes, we invite.”
“No, we are busy.”
“Yes, we…”
“No, we…”
Crow smiled. “Yes, we are eager to meet you and all your crew members. Anyways, our elevator platform contains a gravity field within itself machine parts. The belly of your starship is stuck onto the metal platform within its gravity field. So, my new friend, you have no choice.”
Leer gasps in shock then fakes a smile nodding to Crow. He stated, “Right toe! Let me prep the crew members. Leer out!” The Mist Cloud changes back into the outer space. He stomps through the Mist Cloud that does not affect the images which return back into yellow-white clouds, then shoves Chip into the side wall, leaning down into his face, saying with loud sneer. “You go down to the star party and get Crow to release us from the gravity field. I don’t care how you do it. Kiss his hand! Kiss his face! Kiss his dick! Go and get us outta of here!” He releases Chip. Chip scoots around Leer with a slight grin and quickly rushes through the Mist Cloud that reforms back into the original mist leaving the bridge room for the hidden entrance of the space elevator platform.
Leer spins around and snarls with frustration. The crew has destroyed five harmless rocks from the original 49 rock art pieces. There are 44 more rocks out there hiding within the Solar System that need to be found and then destroyed by Plutonian rock lady Purry.
He tromps through the Mist Cloud again without touching any of the larger objects with his fingernails or toenails. The ship is stuck within a gravitation field which will tear the metal from the outer haul if Leer tried to fly away. He stops and stares at the rear wall seeing black tinted outer space, the twirling mists of space dust and gases hiding all the objects within the Solar System. He exhales with frustration again. He softly ordered. “Everyone, go and find some fresh hot or cold food and get some deep sleeping slumber or restful rest. We’ve been flying around outer space since nine o’clock, Neptune time. After you eat and rest, go and check-in with Doc and ensure that your fragile human body is still fit and healthy for all of our new upcoming space adventures. Space flight is hard on all the body parts. Stoker, please, go down and check on the flame-burn engines and ensure all the metal and mechanic parts down there stay in working order, in case, of an emergency. Take Purry with you also. She’s learning about human life and space flight also. Eartha, I know that your workstation does not have a hologram console but there must be some type of weapons on this warship as it is named a warship,” he softly chuckles. “Ask Zero about the war weapons and learn them! I’m going to quiz you later too,” he chuckles with the others. “So far, our space mission has been uneventful but that can change our lives and our situation very quickly. Ambassador Chip has his own new mission that might take a long time, so we make the best of the wasted time resting, eating and learning about this warship. I’m going to eat and talk all at the same time to Tean and Darsha, who are waiting for us at the edge of the Goldilocks Zone, telling them about the super-duper, hyper-lightspeed speedy thing. The warship is safely locked. The crew is safely sound. And Chip is having a damn good time. We will meet back here in one hour. Dismissed!” He continues to stand and stares at the rear wall. Each crew member leaves the bridge room with their assignments.

At 04:29:33 hours/minutes/seconds, the Moth warship is still stuck and sticking onto a metal elevator platform rising from the Vega Star which is a metal trap for a starship to visit the natives for some crazy reason.
The Mist Cloud displays scattered arrays of beautifully colored stellar clouds in pink, greens, yellows that surround the Vega star system, without seeing the star cluster.
The mechanical sounds on the fixed elevator platform produce a series of loud clanks then a tiny set of squeaks releasing the bottom metal on the Moth warship. The platform is a stable, fixed asset standing in the outer space waves for the next starship visitation to the natives of Vega star system. The Moth slightly tilts sideways.
The crew members roll off each cushion hitting the hard, stone floor, rolling sideways also, except for Stoker. Stoker tilts sideways and handles the ship. He stated, “We are stable again and several miles away from that elevator platform, Captain. All the repairs have been success. We are ready to fly again, Leer.”
Leer slowly stands and rubs his aching back spine. He smiled, “Good! Let’s move hundreds of miles away from that elevator platform too!” The other crew members slowly stand and stretch out their cramped limbs.
Stoker nodded. “Shore thing, Leer!” He slowly flies the ship farther away from the bright star then halts sitting parallel between the two other warships.
Chip appears and crawls over the floor slowly standing upright, wearing a silly grin. His clothes are mess up, torn in places, and stained with numerous colorful spots.
Eartha turns and laughs at Chip. She asked, “What happened to you, Microchip?”
Leer spins around and smiles to Chip. He stated, “You did a great job down on the planet, Chip!”
“I don’t wanna know.” Stoker stated. He smiles and shakes his bald mound softly chuckling.
Chip wobbles sideways wearing his silly grin and slowly pads to his assigned cushion. He softly said, “Something wonderful!”
The Mist Cloud disappears and is replaced with the red tinted hologram face of Darsha and the pink tinted hologram face on Tean. Tean and Darsha face Leer.
Tean touches his face.  Then he said with a frown. “Why is my face always colored in a girly pink?”
Hero answered. “The hologram has been programmed with the different shades of colors. The first face is always red hue for a warning of danger to the crew members on Leer’s warship. A second face is always tinted in soft pink as the first face is either friendly or discarded with swift action.”
“Hero!” Darsha sneered at the robot.
Tean laughed. “I like that explanation. So then, why do I always come in the second place here?” He chuckles with Leer.
Darsha sneered at Tean. “Where is the next rock art piece, Outlaw Tean?”
He clears his throat and stops chuckling. He stated, “The next rock art piece has been located on an exoplanet, within the Goldilocks Zone, near Planet Earth…”
“Geez! We just left that cold spot thirty minutes ago, on the other side of the Solar System. Can’t you find the art pieces in a proper geographical outer space Solar System order, bro?” Leer stated. He frowns and waves both of his arms in the air, slapping his hands down to his legs, exhaling with annoyance and presents a sour frown to his friend.
The voice from Boodle shouted out loud first, “No, Leer! I can’t.” Boodle’s hologram face in mint green hue appears and snarls at her Outlaw co-worker. “We’re working as fast as we can locating the next art piece.”
Darsha stated with a sour frown. “I will not tolerate arguments or attitudes here. We have been assigned to find and then destroy each rock art piece until they are all gone…”
“…including Taradiddle.” Eartha said with a head nod to the side of the hologram faces.
Darsha stated, “Yes, Eartha is correct. We are working together on a dangerous but vitally important outer space mission saving the Solar System here. The next art piece is located on an exoplanet. We all have learned about outer space during our academic classes and our brief travels around the Solar System. To refresh your memory banks, an exoplanet orbits around a star rather than the Solar Sun. An exoplanet is easily identified by tugging behind its parent star. Or an exoplanet blocks its light going around its parent star.”
Tean smiles and softly chuckles. He yelled, “Left toe! We now all the definition of an exoplanet. This exoplanet is not well charted on the Mist Cloud field, so I have the directions, sorta, coming from an old ancient star map that I can’t load into my or your Hero’s computer system. So, I lead this time and ya’ll follow me. We’re going flight above the planets and the asteroids within the Goldilocks Zone running…”
“… into numerous star constellations.” Eartha sneered at Tean.
“Geez, Eartha!” Boodle laughed. “Every other earthling knows all of those star constellations that are seen by the naked eyeballs or through the man-made telescopes coming from Planet Eartha are millions and billions and trillions of miles away Planet Earth and us. The starship or you will not be harmed,” she chuckles with the rest of the crew members.
Darsha ordered. “All right! We have new orders. Lead Tean! I’m cutting off the hologram and leaving the air space next. Leer is the last warship following me.” The three faces disappear from the bridge room.
The Mist Cloud returns displaying the bright star light from Vega cluster. The rear wall displays the black tinted outer space and two warships. One warship slowly spins around and flies at an angle towards the upper outer space. A second warship repeats the same maneuver.
On the bridge room, Leer waves his hand and sits down on his assigned cushion. He stated, “Sit down and be quiet! Are we ready, Stoker?”
“Yes, Captain.” Stoker stated. He sits and works the hologram buttons. Purry, Chip, and Eartha resume their seats and stare into the Mist Cloud.
Leer lifts his hand and wiggles his finger wearing a smile. He is used to the finger pilot motion and leans over touching the particles of the Mist Cloud with his nose bridge. The Mist Cloud expands the field vision and details a miniaturized Solar System. The Vega star is a smaller dot of bright light within the black tinted outer space waves. Behind the Vega stars are twinkling faint and bright lights of orange or yellow or blue or red and other twinkling galaxies that a human has never visited before.
The left-side wall displays the colorful planets of Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars making their orbit around a large yellow ball called the Solar Sun. The field displays scattered twinkling stars as the background behind each dusty flight path coming from the Eros asteroid, the Vista protoplanet, the Psyche asteroid, the Temple comet, and other smaller comets and asteroids.
The right-sided wall shows more scattered fields of bright stars among the orbiting planets of Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune, and the Churyumov-Gerasmaenko comet.
This time of the solar year all the planets are orbiting on the eastern side of the Solar Sun, starting a new rotation, so the rear wall contains scattered bands of colorful stellar clouds, pockets of colorful space dust, groups of twinkling stars billions of miles away from the Solar Sun, and the dense ring of stray dull colored asteroids within the Goldilocks Zone. Two fast-traveling pink tinted dots represent the starships for Darsha and Tean flying within empty space and above the colorful planets.
Leer spins around on top of the cushion and presents a grin slowly standing upright, arching to the rear wall. The unique elements of the stone wall somehow intersects with the cold, dark outer space waves creating the lovely Mist Cloud. He stops with a chuckle and reaches out gently tapping a single, isolated, most-outwardly, brown tinted asteroid within the Goldilocks Zone. The crew members follow his movements.
“No!” Eartha yelled.
“No!” Stoker yelled next.
The Moth starts to fly backwards at average flame-burn power speeding towards the touched stellar object by his finger pad. Each crew member falls on the floor. Leer gasps in panic and falls down on the floor rolling into the side wall, crossing his arms and hides his finger pads as his finger pads control the motion of the ship.
“Stop the ship!” Eartha yelled. Then she rolls over the floor.
Hero stated. “One.”
Leer slams into the side wall with a loud grunt then slowly stands without exposing his hands balancing his upright body against the speed of the ship.
Hero stated. “Two.”
He squashes down then leaps up from the floor flying through the Mist Cloud and reaches out, tapping the outer edge of a single asteroid.
Hero stated. “Three.”
The Moth halts in outer space and hovers beside the asteroid like a spider. Leer lands on the floor without busting his nose bridge, grunting in pain.
Hero stated. “We are millions of …”
“Shut up, Hero!” Leer yelled. He slowly stands and moans in pain slowly padding back to his cushion, sitting down and exhales with frustration.
Eartha stands and sneers at Leer. She shouted, “Leer…”
“Shut up, Eartha!” Leer yelled back. He reaches out and touches outer space slowly gliding his finger pad forward away from the single asteroid, then carefully arches the ship facing the Solar Sun and the planets. He shuffles his finger pad upwards as the star slowly responds. He flies ahead into pockets of empty space and strings of stellar clouds and space dust in silence. The other crew members stretch out another set of sore limbs than sit down staring at the Mist Cloud in silence too.
Eartha does not sit down but points to Stoker. She asked, “Why can’t Stoker fly the ship? He has a gentler touch with the warship.” She laughs alone.
Stoker sits and monitors the hologram dials. He stated, “I cannot fly the ship, Eartha.”
Eartha stated, “I saw you. I felt you. You shifted the ship without Leer from the elevator platform.”
Stoker stated, “You are correct. I do shift the ship, not fly the ship. Only Leer is programmed to fly the ship. I use the flame-burn engines by shutting off the flames which allow the ship to drift through outer space without a pilot slowly from Point A to Point B. Then I reengage the flames which halts the ship at Point B. That is the limits of my flying skills,” he chuckles.
“Sit down, Eartha! I gotta fly faster and catch up with Darsha and Tean.” Leer ordered. She sits down and crosses her arms sneering at Leer.
The Mist Cloud displays all the colorful planets, the dense ring from the Goldilocks Zone, the large Main Asteroid Belt, some of the larger comets, and some of the larger asteroids on the bridge floor. The forward, rear, and both side walls contain a black tinted background encased within a heavy, dense band of twinkling stars in faint or bright hues of orange, blue, yellow, red or white.
Hero informed the crew members. “The Mist Cloud has been condensed and displays all the globular clusters that surround and encase the Solar System like the arms of a mother around her newborn baby.  A globular cluster is a sphere in the middle of the halo surrounded by millions of stars. The entire halo is tightly bound by gravity and orbits around the galactic core or the centre of our galaxy. The gravity pull gives it the stellar pattern. All the globular clusters are the same age of ten billion years old surrounding the galaxy and lie in the same distance from Planet Earth. Each globular cluster is a long, looping orbit without an edge, red colored in hue and is comprised of dead stars, white tinted dwarf stars, neutron stars, young blue tinted stars, and others. Each globular cluster is bright, compact and fuzzy to the human eyeballs stretching millions and millions of miles across the galaxy formation. Each star interacts within the globular cluster tugging on each other producing enough energy then one of the stars flies out of the cluster soaring alone and lonely as a loose star within the galaxy creating a beautiful sight within the Solar System.
Hero stands against the curved wall and studies the Mist Cloud. The robot stated, “I feel insulted that Captain Tean did not share his star map with me.”
“Come and join my Pity Pat Club, Zero!” Eartha said with frown. Leer frowns at her statement without taking his two eyeballs off the Mist Cloud.
The robot continued. “I possess vast knowledge including bright and dull star points within the Solar System and outside our Solar System.”
Leer exhales with annoyance. He stated, “I don’t think Tean’s words meant to exclude you, Zero. He meant that the ancient star chart’s data points and star patterns were too faint for uploading into your computer memory circuits for gliding us to the next place.”

Five minutes later, into the new flight path, the Moth warship with Leer and his crew members sails in a southwestern direction, after his magical finger touch and the magical Mist Cloud technology on the Sirius star standing below a dull-looking blue and white tinted Planet Earth. The Moth warship swiftly flies 110 trillion miles away from Planet Earth, heading to the new targeted exoplanet. He flies far behind the two pink-tinted warships in the last position. The targeted exoplanet has been scientifically named by a dead Earth scientist, from long ago, as Kepler-20 or Kee Too for a palatable shortened version.
Exoplanet Kee is located 90 million miles from the fixed position of the Solar System and is stationed within the Goldilocks Zone. Exoplanet Kee Too is posed far behind Planet Earth and never passes the other naturally inhabited nasty world of native earthlings.
Within the Goldilocks Zone or the Habitable Zone, Planet Earth is the only habitable planet within the zone possessing liquid surface water for animals and surface food for man. The name Goldilocks comes from the ‘just right’ surface conditions that are not too cold or too hot for featuring surface liquid water and surface food plants for both mammals and men.
Planet Mars is barely located on the edge of the Goldilocks Zone as it does possess underground water for its surface animals or plants. There are 40 billion Earth-sized exoplanets and 11 billion Sun-like stars within the Zone but less than .000000000000001 percent hold life forms or a single man.
The Moth warship is a super outer space ship, which can travel speed up towards 659,000,000 miles-per-hour. Right now, the warship travels 11,000,000 miles-per-hour arriving within nine minutes below Planet Earth. A large white tinted object stands in place creating a high-pitched sound.

On top of the bridge room, Stoker sits at his work station. He warned. “Watch out for the fixed white dwarf star million of miles below Planet Eartha…Earth,” he chuckles with his silly mistake. Eartha sneers at him. He said. “That’s a big one!”
Chip stands upright from the cushion and frowns pointing at the Mist Cloud. He asked, “What is that?”
Leer asked, “What is, what?”
Eartha asked, “What is, that thing?”
Leer asked again, “What is, what thing?”
Stoker repeated. “I just told you and you and you. It’s a white dwarf star.” The high-pitched sound invades the stone walls echoing into the bridge room.
“There’s a white colored star traveling around a red tinted circle. What is that circle?” Chip asked. He points down at the floor within the Mist Cloud 
“What!” Stoker asked. He gasps and studies the new object.
“What?” Eartha asked. She gasps and stares at the new object.
“What.” Purry stated and smiled at the new object.
“What is that thing?” Leer frowned.
“That is a black hole.” Hero stated.
“No, that is not a black hole. The black hole lives at the center of the Milky Way Galaxy and stands 25,000 light years from us.” Chip said.
“Ambassador Chip, there are 1.7 billion stars in the Milky Way Galaxy. And 14,000 objects orbit the fixed Solar Sun within the Solar System, where we live and thrive. And at a space distance of one million miles from Planet Earth, the first life of the Solar System, there are 100 billion twinkling stars.”
“Thanks, Zero!” Purry smiled.
NO, that is not a black hole. A black hole comes in black hue and is invisible within its universe background. But if you look for the lamination of an explosion of the traveling matter, then you can find the bright light around it. A black hole devours stars, asteroids, comets, and planets pulling the matter or material into its maw or deep, dark endless hole and does not pass go and collect light or people or pets,” he chuckles with the other life forms. “Finally, a black hole is the brightest star within a galaxy. The end!”
Hero stated. “A star orbits around a fixed Solar Sun or another Sun-like object. Chip is correct. A black hole is black tinted with a bright golden center that is usually invisible, within its own home galaxy. If you look for a bright illumination around it, then you will find a working black hole. A black hole devours alive and dead stars and other outer space trash and debris pulling the materials into the maw passed the point of no return. However, this object within outer space is the beginning process of a black hole.”
Leer gasped. “What!”
“What!” Chip gasped.
“What!” Eartha gasped.
“What!” Purry stated.
Chip smiled. “Wow! That’s really something, ya’ll! This is the first ever eyeball witness account of one of the weirdest spatial spectacles in the universe. You are seeing the first-ever, the creation of a baby black hole.”
Eartha said with puzzlement. “Black hole! Is that really a real black hole?”
“Live here and in person and getting personally to close to me. I don’t date on the first introduction.” Stoker stated. He laughs at the Mist Cloud and then he frowns. “Well, my fun is done here! Get us outta of here, Leer! These drifting heated and deadly radiation gamma rays will burn through the metal hull and both of my legs.” Stroker chuckles. The Mist Cloud appears in flaming orange and yellow spiral waves twirling around a single black colored ring without depth or light.
Hero stated. “You are seeing the first step formation of an infant newborn baby black hole. The hole is black, of course, and made of colorful gases and dust particles encircling around the hole ring. The colorful rings make the hole shine brightly.
A small golden hue of hot material quickly encircles the hole shining brightly against the black tinted disk. The black hole appears as a shadow identifying the event horizon or the precipice or the point of no return, where both bright and colorful light and large or small pieces of matter begin to fall down the hole, without returning back into outer space environment. The light of the gold hue is so hot and heated; it creates the colorful tones of warm oranges and bright yellows.
Eartha points to the Mist Cloud. She asked, “Where is this newborn being birthed, Leer?”
Hero stated. “The newborn baby black hole stands 55 million light years from Planet Earth and holds a mass of 6,500,000,000 billion times that of the Solar Sun.”
A loud bong musical note slams into the metal panels seeping through the hard mineral stone walls of the Beetle starship.
“I know that musical note.” Chip frowned at the Mist Cloud.
“Time to go, ya’ll!” Leer touched the Mist Cloud. The ship flies ahead and away from the newborn baby black hole.
The robot said. “The warship must be very close to be sucked in…”
“Sucked on!” Leer laughed with the others. “Right toe!”
Chip softly chuckled, “If I travel through a black hole event, then what happens?”
“You will become both disappointed and pain-filled.” Stoker laughed with the others.
“I don’t feel like becoming pain-filled, Leer laughed. “Right toe! I’m leaving the newborn infant black hole alone heading to our next destination.”
Each crew member sits back enjoying the trip or works on the next assignment: flying the ship or retrieving the art piece.
Eartha leans back into the soft leather tilting her hairy bone skull backwards and admires the Solar System. The Mist Cloud displays the Huge Large Quasar group of stars on the opposite side of Earth below Stoker’s head. Stoker does not notice the bright white tinted quasar surrounded by 73 other quasars. He is too busy monitoring the ship, in case, Finger Pilot Leer does something else silly with his finger pad.
She giggles at her mental statement.
The Huge Large Quasar Group contains both white and red stars. The cluster was discovered in the Earth year 2012, in the month of November. The group of thick stars lies 9 billion light years from Planet Earth.
Purry sits upright on top of the cushion like a rock status as she is a literally a rock body. She slowly spins her rock-covered feet on top of the stone floor viewing each curved wall. She whispered. “And we can see it all riding in a starship. This is amazing.”
The warship is following Tean and Darsha heading in a western direction within the Solar System.
The rear wall faces south within the outer space environment and brightly displays Sloan Great Wall with gillions of stars. The Sloan Great Wall was discovered on October 30, 2003. The wall is 1.37 million light years in length and one billion light years away from Planet Earth. The Sloan Great Wall covers 16 percent of the Milky Way Galaxy that peeks into the Solar System, where the humans live and thrive and then die.
Eartha softly stated. “Outer space is crowded…”
“…and bright,” Chip stated. He creates a pair of sunglasses over his two implanted eyeballs. Then he smiles at the bright twinkling stars on each curved wall within the Mist Cloud.

At 04:38:59 hours/minutes/seconds, the Moth warship passes several colorful gas clouds and two star nebulas, heading into the solar winds that rocks the ship back and forth until Leer flies from the wide stream. Then the Mist Cloud presents a red tinted giant dwarf star. Three planets widely orbit and swiftly spin around the massive red star. Two planets are painted in vivid hues of yellows, oranges and reds indicating lava particles of heated matter. The third planet displays a rocky surface in dull pinks and tans featuring an extremely large body of water in deep blue at each pole region.
Leer parks and hovers behind the two other pink-tinted warships. He stated. “I guess we have arrived, without a musical fanfare.”
Hero stated. “Captain Leer, I have completed my analysis on the heavenly objects for your information. The red dwarf star is big and harmless. The dwarf star is older than our yellow tinted dwarf sun, so it calm and mellow. And the red tinted dwarf star is a more pleasant and pleasurable object rather than our yellow tinted dwarf star. The red dwarf star emits lower levels of radiation. without any solar flares of either light or heat, so the planets orbiting the star receive cool rays, not heated body and surface temperature rays. The first two planets lie too close to the red tinted dwarf star receiving too much radiation particles and also clearly blazes in hues of red, yellow and orange are not suitable for man or beast featuring bubbles of heated lava and numerous volcanic explosions. However, the third planet is named Kelper-20 or Kee Too wears a belt of blue hue which is a permanent drifting and shifting and rotating dust cloud. Above and below the blue tinted dust cloud, the skyline is painted in pink clouds. The ground soil appears in tan, beige, and yellow hues, offering a dusty, rocky surface with plants for edible foodstuffs. Each pole region presents liquid water without salt for drinking or bathing or refreshing. Thus, the third planet possesses a habitable life for life forms with low temperatures ranging from 70 degrees to 72 degrees Fahrenheit. The third planet is twice the size of Planet Earth. One side of the planet only faces its mother star and receives constant bombardment of hundred percent daylight rays. The opposite side presents nighttime hours, dark skies only, and very cold surface temperatures. The orbit of the three planets spin around its mother star very swiftly at 40 days-per-year, based on Earth calendar.”
Purry sits and stares into the Mist Cloud. She asked, “How does an exoplanet receive sunlight for growth, if the fixed Solar Sun light and heat does not reach at this world?”
Stoker explained, “An exoplanet within the Goldilocks Zone means it is not too cold, not too hot but just right. The word Goldilocks comes from a nursery story, where a female earthling named Goldilocks invades a house and steals only the right amounts of items.” He laughs along with his crew members.
“Not right, Stoker!” Eartha laughed alone. She knows the true Eartha nursery story.
Hero stated. “Within the Goldilocks Zone, the light and heat coming from the fixed Solar Sun is at a minimum state reaching all the exoplanets that can hold life forms. Out here, within the Goldilocks Zone, the Solar Sun sends out numerous solar flares that are both heated and lighted. A solar flare, sometimes, halts and gathers via the gravitation pull from an exoplanet. Thus, the flare solar provides additional heat and light. And you thought a solar flare was only dangerous. Thus, here on Exoplanet Kee Too, the center belt of blue is captured solar traveling beyond Planet Earth throughout outer space…”
“Pretty much!” Eartha smiled.
“Pretty thing!” Leer grinned.
“Pretty wild!” Chip announced.
Leer sits and nods to Chip. He stated. “Well, go and do your thing, Chip!”
Eartha sits in the seat and stares at the planet through the Mist Cloud, “I wonder if this planet has some slick and cool advanced technology too, so they can zap the art piece onto our bridge floor again.”
Leer smiled, “Maybe…”
“Maybe not…” Stoker stated.
Chip slides off the seat and stands on top of the floor inside the Mist Cloud. He closes both of his eyelids and accesses the new computer on the new planet. The other crew members sit quietly and stare at the Mist Cloud waiting to see the human race on a new exoplanet.

Two minutes later, Chip stands still and quiet without a musical note or an English word.
Leer clears his throat first. He stated. “Is there a problem here or down there, Chip? We don’t see the face or the surface of the planet or the room of natives.”
Chip does not move his muscles. He said. “Exoplanet Kee Too is republic planet. It is requesting information from the natives regarding our services, favors, advice, and permission privileges.”
Eartha gasps in shock then sneers at the Mist Cloud. She stated, “Those rock-minded natives live on a piece of rock like Purry. She’s a rock. They live on a rock. Rocks like rocks. Send Purry down to retrieve the art piece! A rock talks to a rock.” Eartha laughs with the others.
“Wrong toe, Eartha!” Leer frowned and then ordered. “We give unknown and unseen Queen Kee of Exoplanet Kee Too a few more minutes to response, before we invade the planet. We gotta go and get that art piece without violence but with force. Queen Kee does not know what power she lacks,” he laughs with amusement.
Hero stated, “Exoplanet Kee Too is covered in pink tinted cloud cover coming from the rays of the red dwarf star. Once the stratosphere become wet, the dangerous hydrogen elements escape into outer space. Cloud feedback occurs. Cooling does not increase and then warms the atmosphere.”
“That is named as a limited Greenhouse Effect. You need to try and speak in English sentences, Zero.” Stoker stated. He frowns and works the hologram keyboard.
“I am.”
“I understand,” Chip said.
“Sit down, Microchip!” Leer stated while steering the ship.
Hero continued. “However, there might be active and deadly radioactive particles…”
“Yeah, we can chance it,” Leer laughed. “Chip can chance it,” he chuckles with Stroker and Eartha. Purry only listens without understanding Leer’s humor or statement.
Chip gasps in shock and then slaps his chest, shaking his bone skull. He stated, “I…I cannot be exposed to active and deadly radioactive particles. I will…”
“…melt like the WWW,” Eartha laughed.
Note: WWW represents the Wicked Witch of the West.
“What!” Chip frowned.
Leer smiled. “Who!”
“What did you say?” Stroker laughed.
“It’s a painful childhood nightmare,” Eartha stated. She laughs again without explaining the Planet Earth childhood reference.
Hero continued, “There might be volcanic vapors of heated water and carbon dioxide particles.”
“Chip, he can handle that one too!” Leer laughed with both Eartha and Stroker.
“This exoplanet is desert-dominated with liquid water located at each pole region…”
“…like Eartha,” Stoker laughed.
“What! What did he say?” Chip stated. He turns and frowns at Stoker.
“Earth.” He repeats and turns winking to Leer. Leer laughed.
Hero stated, “If the exoplanet is not flying up our tail towards the Solar Sun, then there are not any liquid oceans, only a dust bowl.”
“We can have a dirt ball fight!” Stoker laughed.
Leer frowned. “O no! Ain’t there some snowball fights too?”
Hero narrated, “A large Jupiter-sized exoplanet possesses ultraviolet emission or a low atmospheric pressure that cannot produce liquid water. The smaller exoplanet features tidal waves of volcanic ash with high surface temperatures.”
“Just right!” Stoker laughed.
“Just regret!” Chip frowned.
“Just wrong!” Eartha laughed.
“Just light” Purry stated. “Where does the light for humans to see and eat come from? This is an exoplanet.
The Mist Cloud still shows the planet without communication from the exoplanet.
Leer frowned at the Mist Cloud. “Right toe! The natives are still meeting. So, we go out and do something else until Queen Kee Too calls Chip again. Dismissed, crew members! G o and get some food or refreshment or rest a tired body.” He wipes the sweat from his forehead. “I need a short nap and some food, before we interact with Queen Kee.” He chuckles. Each crew members spins around and leaves the bridge room getting refreshed also.
Leer stands alone and lonely exhaling with annoyance at the slow-moving Outlaw mission. Each trip has been non-funny and eventful while quickly finding and then destroying five out of a total of 49 art pieces. Eartha is correct. The ship and her crew members will be roaming around the Solar System for weeks and months finding and then destroying the remaining 44 art pieces.
Hero stands against the curved wall, in silence, waiting and watching the humans for a new command.
Leer shouted, “Hero!”
“Captain Leer!” It stated.
“Please, create a hologram for me and toss my face onto the bridge floor of Tean and Darsha.”
“I am ready, Captain Leer!”
Leer smiled. “Tean…”

Ten minutes later, Leer has left an empty bridge room, after informing both Tean and Darsha of the small delay getting the fifth art piece. They are not happy but agree the wait is better than the war. Leer wipes sweat from his face and stands upright inside the Health Ward slowly walking through without seeing the medical machine. The medical machine is at rest and stored inside a top or bottom or side metal closet without sleep or food. Leer chuckles at his mental thoughts then turns the wall corner stopping place.
Between two of the bed frames, a head of pink and tan colored peddles do not glow underneath the row of artificial lamps. Leer slowly advances then halts behind the rock-coated hair roots, looking down at a sitting Chip. He asked. “What are you doing sitting on the floor and messy of the metal panels, Microchip?”
Chip sits on top of the floor surrounded by individual items while mixing a yellow tinted solid matter. He stated, “I am creating a gift for the natives. Finally, we get to meet another species of the Solar System.”
“The only species I wanna meet and greet are my parents. This mission is both boring and dangerous, but you don’t know that.” Leer laughed. He examines the object. “What’s that thick substance? Is that really your lunch? I thought robots didn’t eat.”
“I am a cyborg, which is part man and part machine. I am mixing toothpaste. Toothpaste is made of rock salt, leaves of green tinted mint, dried purple tined iris petals, and red pepper, according to one recipe from the 4th Century B.C. However, the human gums did bleed. Another earlier recipe is mashed ox hooves and ash mixed with your mouth saliva created a cleansing paste for the teeth. But it lacked the sweet mint leave and did nothing for your bad breath and so tablets were created from spices like cinnamon and frankincense heated in a honey mixture, which became the Earth’s first breath mints causing numerous cavities too. Of course, I have never experienced a tooth rotting cavity as my teeth are implants too.”
“Ouch! That hurts!” Leer laughed.
“Not really!”
“Really, man or not man!”
“May I ask that you go away, Leer!”
“Not really!” Leer laughed again.
“May I insist that you go away, Leer!”
“Not really!” Leer chuckled. He back steps from Chip then spins around moving to the last bed frame, plopping down on his stomach muscles, closing his two eyelids. He rests his body for the upcoming next tense Outlaw event.

At 05:11:16 hours/minutes/seconds, Purry enters the tunnel then slowly stands upright scanning the bridge room. She does not eat or rest. She walked…naw…crawled around the ship learning some of the new areas. She has returned back to the bridge room looking for Leer. But she views the Mist Cloud.
The Mist Cloud displays the world of Exoplanet Kee Too and its mother star floating magically in black tinted outer space. The image blinks off and then illuminates presenting a solid background in black hue. Two words in white hue appear: Captain Leer.
Purry has the ability to communicate telepathically with the humans as her dots contain human DNA also. She closes her two eyelids covering her two rock-coated eyeballs. Then she voices into her mind hearing the stunning nasty words from Eartha first then Leer second and finally Stoker last.
Chip does not sound stunned but acknowledges the telepathic message as he is used to the unusual method, when he communicates with other half-humans and full machine computers.

Three minutes later, Chip arrives first to the bridge room and gasps at the Mist Cloud slowly advancing ahead, stopping at the edge of the mist. He receives the new electronic message.
Leer, Eartha and Stoker enter from different tunnel holes slowly standing then race ahead, stopping beside Purry. They all stare at Chip.
Chip stirs awake then spins around to see Leer. He stated. “The simple computer system on Exoplanet Kee Too has relayed the information to the leader. The leader has responded back on the computer system into me. The leader of Exoplanet Kee Too requests your presence down on the planet in order to give the art piece away.”
Leer exhales with annoyance. He asked. “Can’t you go instead? You’re the ambassador of the mission.”
“I am heading on the planet mission. But the leader only deals with the leader of the ship too. You must go and be present during the exchange of the art piece with me. I will do all the talking,” Chip laughed with an evil tone.
Leer frowned. “Right toe! Tell the witch! We’ll come down quickly, snatch the prize quicker and then leave quickest!”
Chip closes his two eyelids and relays the electronic message. He opens his two eyelids. He smiled. “It is done!”
Leer smiled with a nod to Chip. “Everyone that wants to come with me down to the planet, come along, including Chip and Purry, not Eartha.” He spins around and laughs moving to the tunnel, squatting down on his palms and kneecaps.
“Hey!” Eartha shouted. She spins around and wears a sour frown, viewing the backs pine on the three crew members. “Why not!”
“I cannot come.” Stoker said.
“Why so, Eartha! Let’s go and getting going, ya’ll! We don’t have all day.” Leer enters the tunnel first heading to the lower deck for a Beetle starship.

Ten minutes later, a silver-tinted Beetle starship, displaying wiggling hollow glass pipes in the solids color of red, pink, blue and yellow, swiftly launches from the side door on warship seriously wobbling side to side during flight at the hand control of Leer. He approaches the landing spot then roughly lands one side of the Beetle first than the next side plops down creating a field of dry mist in yellow hue around the starship.
Leer cuts off the flame-burn engines. Then he smiled. “Everyone, you can now get out! Let’s go and visit the new planet and the new people and get that ancient artifact,” he spins the pilot chair around to face the tunnel. Purry is a tiny ball again. She rolls from his lap, down on the tunnel floor, steaming ahead of Leer into the cargo hold waiting on her crew mates. Leer smiles at the tiny colorful ball then slides down on top of the tunnel floor slowing crawling ahead towards the cargo hold also.
Chip is smaller in human body frame and a faster person than a tall, slender human pilot Leer. He stands upright, short, on top of the cargo floor beside a taller rock-coated Purry. Leer crawls through the opening then stands wearing a smile, nodding to his crew mates. He reaches over and slams the button. The side door opens revealing a new world from Planet Neptune.
The sky is colored in light pink hue without a single colored or white tinted cloud for possible rain showers. The ground is not flat. There is not a single flat spot located on the soil. The soil is tiered in rolling tall sandy dirt hills matching the height of Leer’s body frame and colored in alternating patterns of tan, yellow and orange hues. The wind is a calm cool breeze which is nice from the blistering yellow tinted star. The smell is fresh and crisp coming from hot, heated, and humid air currents.
Leer leads first jumping down from the floor creating an individual mist of tan dust. He giggles with delight. Purry and Chip copy his movements. They leisurely stroll in a semi-crooked line among the dust mist towards a single structure while scanning the area for people, pets, and plants, not finding a single item. The landscape lacks tall shade trees, manicured lush lawns, hard walking pavements, short rows of plant or flower bushes, pods of colorful flowers, or puddles of rain water. The sky occasionally presents a single flying bird or a single buzzing insect.
The single structure is square-shaped and colored in wide waves of tan, yellow, and orange hues. One side wall is built into a rolling sandy hill. The flat rooftop contains numerous square-shaped umbrella blocking the bright yellow star rays, where a few natives lounge in comfortable spotting the visitors and then wave to the Outlaws.
Leer spots the natives first. He mumbled for his eardrums only. “I hope the natives eat slowly too for my lovely hair roots.” He does not want any trouble with the natives, only the foreign art piece with a sleeping rock soldier. Chip waves back taking the lead from Leer and presents a smile entering a single open archway in front of the structure. He still cuddles his gift to the leader of the exoplanet.
The entrance room presents a narrow rectangular-shape with a high matching dried mud ceiling leading into another room. There are not artificial overhead lit lamps but natural lighting making the room comfortable. One side wall contains a long, wide open window without a glass panel. The opposite wall contains a pile of sandy dirt, where the rooftop is built into the rolling hillside without a viewing window or an exit door. The front wall is bare without decorations of art pieces or mounted frames with printed native civil laws but holds a square-shaped open archway also.
Chip heads towards a short desk of matching dried mud particles and then halts. He looks up and present his gift to a tall, slender female. The female sits behind the short desk of more dried mud without a single object on the dusty surface. She presents a tone of dark skin, a pair of glowing light-colored eyeballs, and a head of light hair strands wearing a sleeveless ankle-length dress of linen in orange hue.
Leer and Purry stop and stand behind Chip. The female smiles at Leer.
Chips said, “This is a gift from…”
The unnamed female stated, “We only recognize Captain Leer.”
“…Leer…” Chip stated. He quickly adjusts his thoughts then gently places his gift of homemade on top of the surface.
She opens the gift staring with confusion at the object in silence. She stated, “Nice.”
Chip bounces up and down with excitement visiting the new culture. He said, “That new gift is called toothpaste. Toothpaste is used on your teeth and contains special minerals making your tongue smell minty fresh.”
She looks up and nods with a smile. She said, “Thank you, Leer.”
Leer exhales with annoyance at Chip. He said, “Our business.”
She stated. “We have accepted your invitation. We have agreed with your visitation. We have acquired the location of the rock art piece. We have addressed our presence. We accept your DNA sample.”
Purry gasped. “What!”
She repeated, “We have accepted our invitation and we accept your DNA sample in exchange for the art piece.”
Leer frowned. “That’s weird!”
“That’s our way!” She stated.
“That’s cool!” Chip stated. He smiles with a nod, “I’ll present a small sample of my DNA.”
She stated. “You are not the leader; she is not the leaders. Leer is the leader.”
“Right toe!” Leer chuckled. “Is there a particularly cozy spot for your small DNA sample of my precious body?”
She stated without a smile, “Have it your way!”
He chuckled, “Right toe!” He spins around with a smile and drops his walking shorts exposing his two naked butt cheeks. Purry spins around and frowns at Leer. Chip swings around and sneers at Leer. The female leader stands then scoots around the short desk holding a hand-held device, approaching Leer. She stops without a facial expression or verbal word reaching down, snapping off a tiny scape of human skin. Leer grunts in pain. She backsteps from Leer with his skin tissue slowly scooting sideways and then halts processing the human DNA sample in her tiny machine. The machine makes an array of soft beeps.
He pulls his trousers up and then spins around seeing the female laughing with a wink. He asked, “Am I clean…cleared…clogged?” He laughs again.
She looked up and then stated. “We have recorded our DNA sample and now we must crawl to her hut for her art piece.”
“Excuse me! Is that a joke on you or me?” He frowned.
She smiled with good teeth. “The verb, crawl, is the noun, crawler, which is a moving machine. You will head out the side door, around the corner, and view a row of parked crawler. Take any crawler you desire. The crawler runs automatically and has been programmed with the directions to her hut.”
Chip smiled. “We should be quick with our visit here on your lovely exoplanet.”
She smiled. “Thank you, Leer.”
Chip turns from the female and leads to the side wall wearing a sour frown, pacing to the row of crawlers. He slides into the first one sitting on the front side. Purry and Leer load into the rear bench seat sitting together.
Chip wiggles sideways and surveys a clean console. The console does not present a button or a glass windshield. He asked, “How does a crawler start with power? I don’t see a key or a plate or a button…”
“Speak the word, forward,” the machine talks out loud to Chip.
Chip smiled. “Forward.” The crawler stands still.
The machine clarifies the command, “Captain Leer speaks the word, forward.
“Forward.” Leer mumbled. The crawler cranks with a whistling sound then slowly crawler ahead over the rough terrain.
Leer, Purry, and Chip sit comfortably inside the “crawler” vehicle. The vehicle resembles the skeletal outline of native Earth spider displaying a solid colored tan body that holds a single cushion for eight natives. Twelve individual skeletal metal legs extending over the dirt wearing a dull silver tinted tone. The vehicle automatically and carefully scales through the shallow edges on each green-tinted fresh water lake and then climbs up then over each small peak on top of a yellow-tinted short naked hill, without the appearance of native grass blades or fruit plants or colorful flowers.
Chip and his implanted brain cells recognize some of the ancient grounds as he continues to wiggle, point with all of his human finger pads, and loudly narrates each land object.
Leer wears a sour frown and crossed arms scanning the ugly landscape in silence. He is annoyed with the invited visitation to a foreign world.
Purry sits on the opposite end of the circular cushion and silently admired the new scenery. Then she said, “I do not understand the scientific phenomena here. How is it all possible? Why does the sub-moon contain bright light like the solar sun is shining down on the planet like Mercury, Mars, and Earth?”
“The solar sun cannot reach the atmosphere here, so the thick layer of white tinted clouds act like a gigantic light bulb reflecting off tiny particles of gathered light bouncing off each moving object, such like, comets and other rotating planets around the galaxy. These clouds are seven miles high in the skyline and contain both heat and water moisture coming up from the sub-moon, but those clouds do not produce sheets of raindrops or throngs of loud thunder or individual lightning bolts, only a constant array of bright, almost blinding light, so we can see the beautiful landscape.” Chip stated. He smiles and rudely points his digit down at the portions of the dry dusty land, “That is incredible. That crater is 50 miles wide and five feet deep. That empty, dry surface used to hold a massive flowing river of green water coming down from the range of yellow tinted hills dumping its content down into that massive lake of black water. I wonder what happened to the river.”
“It died then blew away, after hearing your dry, dead humor.” Leer frowned. “Okay! Where’s her dried mud house or place or hilltop? We’ve been crawling around inside this metal bug for twenty-two minutes, Earth time, of course, Eartha,” he chuckles with amusement as Eartha is not inside the Spider but watches from above inside the Moth spying on his every move. Once the mission ends, Leer is having a heart-to-fist talk with Eartha about her lingering feels or sour mouth molecules near his body. He looks up and waves at the skyline to the orbiting Moth warship then slaps his hand back down into his lap. Leer views the new landscape scanning for the hut feeling both anxious and eager to finish this tense Outlaw mission and then return home the Pond.
Purry continues to record and admire the new landscape while filling her new human brain cells with new imagines. She asked, “Why do you relate every item to Planet Earth, Leer?”
Leer softly chuckles and smiles. He said, “Our dead ancestors were birthed first and then traveled off Earth second looking for new adventures and a new life from the group of power-hungry, rich, and arrogant Elites, who wanted to control the planet, the peoples, and the pets. So, my kinfolks said enough is enough and boarded a dangerous starship and ventured into the twinkling stars of outer space, the last frontier. Every non-Earth person has a different story, of course. But my kinfolks had engine troubles and couldn’t fly any further deciding to inhabit Neptune. Centuries later, my kinfolks still live and thrive there on Neptune in peace and harmony. The end!”
“If that evil and vile human Taradiddle had never left his home world of Earth, then I would be living and thriving with my own kinfolks on my home world of Pluto.”
“There it is!” Chip yelled. He stands, not tall, on top of the circular cushion and jabbed his human finger in the far distance at the single structure house. “I can see a curved pod of yellow dirt house or a pod of dried weeds. I don’t know. I do not possess current settlement information about this exoplanet.

At 05:29:43 hours/minutes/seconds, back on the Moth warship, on top of the bridge floor, Eartha lounges on top of her yellow tinted cushion, that matches her yellow tinted jumpsuit, exhaling with annoyance and then inhales with frustration. The new Outlaw mission is taking too long. The time is the early morning hours at 05:29 on Planet Neptune. Outer space does have a wrist watch and does not keep time, only suffocating air waves in death.
She could be back home eating lunch with Leer instead of here doing nothing. She wanted to go on the assignment. But then she didn’t want to go on the assignment.
She looks up and smiles at the bald skull on Stoker. He’s very busy leaning over the hologram console fiddling with the keyboard and then the gadgets. She asked, “What are you doing, over yonder, Stoker?”
He does not view Eartha but narrates his tasks. He stated, “Snowflakes are falling on Planet Mars at the polar region. Dry ice snowballs are falling in the North Pole and there’s a desert dust storm at the equator. A new series of solar storms are flinging off the Solar Sun expanding into the outer space. Planet Jupiter has a new cyclone. Planet Uranus has a new food item. A rain storm with falling ruby and sapphire stones on Exoplanet Haith, within the Kuiper Belt. There’s an acid rain storm on Planet Venus. And there is a methane rain storms on Titan, Planet Saturn’s biggest moon.”
She sneered, “Smartass!”
“Yes, I am.” He smirked without chuckling at the silly Outlaw female.
She exhales with puffs of sour breathes. Eartha stated, “I’m bored in here.”
He looks up and smiles at Eartha. He asked. “What is your interest in Leer besides an Outlaw partner?”
“We’re getting married.” Eartha turns and winks to Stroker.
He looks at Eartha then up to see the ceiling then back to see Eartha. “Congratulations!”
“Thank you! What is your next assignment after completing this Outlaw one?”
He responded. “Since the Outlaws do not routinely venture out and destroy and seek missions. I will remain with this Moth warship and meet my new starship captain, once the warship and the crew are returned back to Saturn. I am employed as a stoker and stoke the flame burn engines, baby.” He winks to Eartha then returns back fiddling with the monitors on the hologram console.
She turns and stares at the rear wall within the Mist Cloud seeing the red dwarf star. The star does not emit violently low or high or pretty solar flares like the fixed Solar Sun of the Solar System near Planet Earth. After all the verbal science lessons from Hero, Eartha knows a red-tinted dwarf star is always hot, but this one is not active but cold. The temperature on the planet is 70 degrees Fahrenheit. So, the red tinted dwarf start is quickly and quietly dying. All its solar energy is used. Thus, the three planetoids will become very cold, freezing the water and the plants, starving the natives. However, the Outlaw Office will help them. This is the job of the Outlaw protecting the people and plants and pets.” She softly giggles for amusement.
When Zero Leer, not Hero Leer, reports back to the Outlaw Office, the robot, not Leer will share all the accumulated information with the Outlaw leaders. The Outlaw leaders will send Saturn engineers to calculate the death of the red-tinted dwarf star and then relocate the people, plants, and pets to another planet or exoplanet.
Exoplanet Kee Too is swiftly moving around its mother star. At 40 days and seven hours orbital flight path, the radius is 92,955,807.30 miles, traveling at 17,531,465.25 miles-per-hour or 967 hours or 58,202 miles-per-minute.
Planet Earth travels at 10,616,438.35 miles-per-hour.
Exoplanet Kee Too moves at 3,021,324 miles-per-minute and now it is positioned at the North Pole.
Eartha whispered for her eardrums. “Hurry up, Leer!” She paused then frowned. “Can we spy on them? Can you see them?”
“Can we spy on whom? Can we see whom?”
“Can we see them down on the planet?”
“Exoplanet.”
She exhales with annoyance. She stated, “Yes, the place is called an exoplanet. Can we see them down on the exoplanet? We drive the latest starship with the current technology. Can we see them from here inside our starship with the current technology?”
“If they are inside a building, then your answer is no. Our equipment and technology cannot read through metal or stone or dried mud,” he laughed.
“If they are walking or running or riding outside a building, then can we see them?”
Stoker looks up and tilts his bone skull at Eartha. She winks. He smiled. “Yes, we can track them if they are walking or running or riding outside a building.” He presses a new button. The middle of the floor is clear and then presents a tan colored exoplanet. He taps a new button. The Mist Cloud enlarges and then presents a mist of bright white tinted light.
She shields her sensitive eyeballs and gasps in shock, “Wow! What’s that?”
He adjusts the dials. The bright ball of light disappears and is replaced with a rough terrain of tall, rolling dirt hilltops in tan, yellow, and orange hue. The sky is pink hue with low-lying rows of white clouds. A single crawler slowly walks on top of the ground.
Eartha frowns. “That’s not them!”
He stated, “That’s them!” He looks up and smiles at the new machine on top of the new landscape.
“What type of transport are they driving?”
“A spider.” Stoker laughed.
Hero leans into the wall using its suction cups and loudly speaks. It stated, “The machine is called a…” Then the computer voice ceases.
“What happened to the robot?” Eartha asked. She turns and frowns at Hero.
Stoker stares at the naked stone floor. He explained, “The same thing, that has affected the Mist Cloud.”
She swings around and gasps in shock. She asked, “Where’s the Mist Cloud? Where’s the photo image of the exoplanet? Where’s the location of Leer on the exoplanet? Is he safe and sound?”
He grinned to Eartha. “Yes, Hero is safe and sound. Natural sunlight does not reach out here coming from the fixed Solar Sun position in front portion on our Solar System. Instead the sub-moon’s atmosphere becomes a lighted candlestick within rows of low-lying formation making those thick pink-tinted clouds. The clouds soar high into the skyline and absorb and gather all tiny particles from comets, asteroids, and twinkling stars, and rotating planets around the Solar System plus all the heating elements and the water moisture coming up from the sub-moon. However, the clouds do not produce rain showers or thunder claps or lightning bolts, only constant blinking light, so the natives can see their landscape. Hero is a machine with electrical currents. The electromagnetic field is affecting its metal and mechanical circuits, only temporarily, until the machine learns,” he chuckles.
Eartha sits down and hisses with frustration staring at the forward wall of glittering white tinted stone.

****

Twenty-four minutes, back on the exoplanet, between two tall hilltops, a tall house is built into the dirt. Inside an open archway, a small child of four years old stands with a wide grin possessing light tinted long hair stands, a pair of light tinted eyes, and a tone of dark tinted skin, wearing a purple tinted short linen sleeveless dress and a pair of naked feet. She waves her tiny hand at the new visitors and holds a delicate glass container featuring a small, dull-colored, semi-round rock object. The container is too larger for the small palm on the child’s hand. The rocking movement on her tiny body swiftly shifts the unsecured object around the air waves and then her hand wavers back and forth. The container tilts too far sideways dropping down from her tiny palm landing on the hard, dry soil, breaking the glass components. The child looks down and gasps in worry staring at the broken glass shreds.
Inside the crawler as it continues to move, Purry screams in alarm bending both of her two rock-coated kneecaps, launching up from the floor board in the air molecules and the flies forward through the air waves. She approaches, dives and then lands in front of the child. The child continues to stare down at the broken glass and the shifting rock feeling puzzlement.
Purry reaches out, grabs hugging the sensitive human child into her rock-coated hard body frame. The child scream and squams in human fright from a hugging strange rock-coated life form. Among the broken shreds on the dirt ground, the individual dots start to glow brightly shifting into a large shape.
Purry dashes sideways in both fear and fright carrying the screaming scared child. The dots grow rapidly into larger balls of colorful lights displaying individual giant-humanoid portions.
The mother of the child appears inside the open archway of her yellow tinted mud home and scans the hard soil for her child, seeing the rock-coated life form. She screams in fear and steps out onto the carpet of glowing dots that covers the hard soil.
A claw-like hand with sharp fingernails reached up and then wraps its rock-coated palm around the human ankle on the mother. She looks down and yells in fright. The hand of glowing dots breaks all the delicate bones on her human ankle. The mother drops down on top of the glowing dots and the glass shreds not dying but slowly suffering in pain, fright and worry. The individual glowing dots start to enlarge as a mouth of human teeth swiftly consuming all the broken human bones, the heated human blood protein, and the warm juicy human organs which slowly and painfully murders the defenseless human mother.
Purry stops and watches the transformation of the rock dot into a tall rock-coated soldier gasping in shock.
The dots swiftly construct in dull-looking emerald green hue that does not shine like the gemstone featuring smaller patches of multi-colors of pink, red, yellow, orange, and blue dull-looking dots. The head forms into a square-shaped block featuring two multi-colored eyeballs, a matching pair of lips, a flat section with a matching pair of two nostril holes, without an earlobe or a single strand of rock-coated, multi-colored hair, unlike his fellow Plutonian Purry.
The chest is a long rectangular shape. The lower body displays a narrow waistline with two thick straight legs. Each foot presents a small square-shaped block. Each long arm ends with three finger, three feet long. The rock soldier is 20 feet high. He scans the terrain then spins around scanning the new environment leaning down, smashing the small mud-dried house with his fist while roaring with a loud voice.
Purry continues to stare in awe at the taller and stronger rock soldier while pondering her fight move and then drops the child on top of the hard soil in order to fight against the rock-coated soldier. The child spins around from Purry and dashes ahead while screaming for her death mother, running into a gigantic soldier. The huge foot block on the soldier lifts up and then stomps down crashing the tiny human girl into a pile of broken bones and spilled blood proteins quickly absorbing all of the child’s human component for energy, food, and fuel. The rock solider grows again taller and wider in rock-coated muscles towering at 25 feet in height.
Purry morphs her arm into a long, sharp sword with a scalloped claw-like hook tip swiftly racing ahead without a yell stabbing the stationary thick leg on the taller life form. The sword blade cleanly slices through his solid green tinted dots and then the leg drops down into a new surface of green tinted dots. The soldier tilts sideways without falling down onto the hard soil. He looks down and gasps in shock then sneers at his fellow Plutonian swinging his palm down at a shorter Purry. She quickly dashes sideways missing the hand standing beside Leer.
Leer sneers and stares at the tallest, rudest, meanest, ugliest soldier within the Solar System. He shouted, “You didn’t tell me about that!”
“I didn’t know about that!” She yelled back. She does not pant in exhaustion.
“Now, would be a good time to grow into his or her height for the fight of your life, Purry?”
She stares at the soldier. She stated, “I can’t!”
“Yes, you can.”
“No, I can’t!”
Leer frowns and fingers the soldier. He ordered, “Then do something else?”
“Yes, of course,” Purry stated. She imitates several human head nods swiftly racing ahead, leaping up from the ground and slams into his nearest stationary leg. Her rock body accidentally absorbs his loose and personal solid green tinted dots sticking into her personal dots. She gags and then coughs out loud receiving the Bad One dots, jumping backwards from his leg and then reconstitutes her body back into a Good One.
“Purry, get away from that thing!” Chip yelled. He leaps up from the floor board on the crawler and then flies in the air, a very short distance for a very short man, landing down on the uneven ground and then wobbles sideways. He balances his short body frame and then races ahead waving both of his short arms in the air trying to distract the soldier from harming Purry. Chip gives Purry more free time to quickly reconstruct her personal damaged dots into a Good One, not a Bad One.
If Purry becomes a Bad One, then she and the other Bad One will kill both Leer and Chip and then eat the rest of the human on the exoplanet leaving and conquering the Solar System, which is Commander Taradiddle’s superhuman evil plan for the loving race of humans.
Purry appears like her old self and then imitates a human sneer at the taller rock soldier displaying a rock-coated sword on each arm and then halts beside his rock-coated leg again. She starts to swing both of her blade tips slicing into its one leg.
On top of the hard terrain, Leer stands in silence and frowns in frustration at the non-dead rock soldier and then spins around from a fighting Purry quickly running back to the parked crawler. He’s prepared for any human emergency. He isn’t too certain abut a rock emergency and then halts at the open doorway, reaching down, grabbing a shotgun.
Stoker had insisted a sack of weapons accommodate Leer inside the Beetle starship, during the tour of a strange new world. Leer will get Stoker promoted in his space job and more monetary bits for that brilliant decision.
Leer stands upright and pumps the shotgun aiming at the ugly block head on the rock soldier, firing three rounds of shells. The first shell hits the eyeball.
Purry gasps in shock at an array of green tinted exploding dots coming from the damaged rock solder then slams her rock body down on top of the hard soil. All of her dots separate and then scatter protecting her rock life form without pain, only survival mode.
The second shell harms its mouth scattering more glowing dots. The final shell slams into its forehead.
Purry slowly stands upright while reconstructing her scattered dots into the same height and weight of a humanoid girl.
The rock solider is confused at the rounds of tiny projectile hard sizzling objects scattering his personal dots from his solder formation, slamming both of his palms at his flying dots while missing all of them. Each dot lands hard down on top of the hard terrain creating a funny sensation within his rock body. He looks down and sums all his personal green-colored dots back into his body.
The alive and breathing human father of the dead human child plus his two human teenage daughters appear inside the open archway scanning the messy landscape. Purry gasps in shock back pedaling from the dangerous soldier waving a warning to the three humans.
The soldier gasps in shock at the behavior of his fellow Plutonian then spins around presenting a rock-coated grin, leaning down and snatched all three humans. He opens his rock-coated mouth and places the yelling humans inside his mouth, crashing a set of rock-coated teeth over the three delicate human bodies. They die but not before donating their bones, blood protein and organ to the soldier. He grows ten feet higher and wider becoming 35 feet tall, when he is compared to Purry’s shorter 12 feet tall rock frame. He leans down smashing the small mud-dried house with his fist while roaring with a loud voice and then stands upright. He grows any additional nine feet standing 44 feet tall.
Leer gasps in alarm. He moaned. “He or she or it or the rock can eat and then absorb minerals from other rock objects. We’re in deep shit here.”
The soldier eats the rest of the house structure through a set of foot dots leaving behind crumbs of rock pebbles as a set of individual dots leap off his body and start to consume the pebbles.
He leans down and swings his enlarged and mighty rock-coated hand at a smaller Purry. She dashes too late losing some of her colorful dots. Each one bounces down on top of the hard uneven soil.
His personal dots leap off his upright tall body and then attack all her personal dots consuming the colors turning into a yellow tone. Then the new single large dot rolls backwards and reattaches to his tall body.
Purry halts in a safe distance away from the upright solider and swimming his long arm span and then spins around seeing the unique behavior between his dots and her dots. She dashes ahead and reduces her body frame height down to two feet while missing his sweeping hand, attacking his closest rock-coated ankles. She opens her month and bit into the dots gathering a mouthful, consuming them. Then she quickly and carefully redistributes her new colorful dots into a nice proportion, so she does not become a Bad One, but remain a Good One.
Leer gasps in shock and does not possess the knowledge to kill a rock or a rock life form and Purry seems not to either. He lowers the cool shotgun barrel and fires at each rolling dot. The soldier halts his fight with Purry. She dashes sideways away from the soldier collecting her scattered personal dots that is her life force. He spins around seeing the remaining dust ball coming from his personal dead dot. He scans the terrain and then stops on Leer snarling at the human male.
Leer continues to fire an individual fiery bullet and then busts open each rolling dot into a colorful dust ball.
The soldier stomps ahead tilting his body towards one side, then towards the other side like he’s dizzy in his head or out of balance with his body. Leer laughs at the silly rock soldier behind the shotgun barrel. He shouted, “I think I got him now! Come and do your thing, Purry!” He raises the gun towards the rock-coated bone skull starting to shoot. Each shell shatters the solid matter into an array of flying colored dots.
Purry splits into numerous human-like limbs, such like, two arms, two legs, two feet, two hands, ten fingers, her bone skull, her two breasts leaving her upper body intact and exposed.
Each one of her limbs rolls ahead over the uneven ground then launches in air landing on top of his dots, until all of his dots are absorbed into her rock life form.
His thick rock-covered leg starts to melt away all his dots from her attacking dots and then swiftly craves a long indentation while creating a damaged shorter limb leg. Her individual limb- arm slams into his damaged leg. Her individual rock-coated head skull hits and then sticks into his rock-coated stomach eating away his individual colored dots.
Leer yelled from behind the heated shotgun, “Great strategy, Purry!”
Chip yelled. “Go girl!” He tosses one arm in the air and bounces up and down on top of the uneven terrain then tumbles sideways falling down on top of the hard ground. He laughs with amusement at his silly accident.

****

Thirty-nine minutes later, on the Moth warship, loud screams sound in immediate alarm. The beeps sound from a devise. Eartha pops upright from the soft cushion and scans the bridge room. She asked, “What’s that sound?”
Stoker addressed, “I do not know.”
“Find the sound!”
“I do not know.”
Eartha stands, shuffles ahead, then stops standing over the pink tinted cushion. “I hear the beeps here. That beeping sound is coming from here.” She sits down and sweeps her hands over the air waves. A pink tinted hologram work station appears. She gasps in shock. “This…this is the source of the beeps.” She runs her palms over the heated console without touching the dials. “This…this work station is a…”
“…medical dashboard.” Stoker said.
She looks up and smiles. She stated, “I got it! I get it now! This beeping sound is coming from his personal health biomarker. The biomarker is connected into our burnt skin tattoo. The biomarker is measuring all the important health parameters and vital signs from body temperature, blood pressure, heart rate, pulse rate.” She taps her burnt tattoo on her bicep.
The Mist Cloud returns and presents a new image.
Stoker points at the stone wall and gasps in shock. He stated, “Leer is fighting with a rock soldier.”
She looks up and studies the front wall. She yelled, “He’ll die.”
He said, “Leer looks healthy. Chip is functioning. Purry is a Rock Girl. That’s all good!”
She gasps in shock seeing the hologram image in vivid colors but is reduced to display the full show featuring a gigantic rock soldier, a dancing Chip, a fighting Purry, and a shooting Leer. She pointed at the wall. “Leer, he’s shooting the gun.”
“Purry, all her individual rock-coated limbs are beating down that massively large rock soldier.” Eartha laughed. “That’s a funny scene for later.”
Stoker laughed, “Yeah!” 
“Can she really do that to that rock monster?”
He smiled. “She’s doing it, to it, that rock monster!”
Chip continues to dance around the soil distracting the soldier. The wounded soldier is impeded as Purry’s body parts suck down his rolling dots. The solider wobbles sideways.
Leer continues to discharge additional heated bullets from his third gun at each rolling dot producing a colorful burst of dust and as he walks over the rough ground towards each escaping dot. He does not want to harm Purry or interfere with her weird dot meal time. He softly chuckles and the fires the gun.
Purry eats away at the foot and then the kneecap displaying holes and missing dots.
The soldier flings off array of dots including Purry. Her dots are getting confused forming a mind thought of its own jumping down on the soil and then leaping back up attacking…attacking her rock-coated growing body frame.
Leer gasps at the weird scene running ahead towards the grounded solider without firing the bullets.
Purry falls on the ground beside the injured rock soldier. His face turns and winks at Purry laughing at her exposed and failed plan trying to terminate his rock life form. Then he scoots his long arm over the uneven soil tearing up the soil grabbing her leg. He lifts in the air holding her upside down. She does not yell but thinks of a new escape plan.
Leer continues to dash ahead to rescue firing array of flying heated bullets from a faster different gun. A large arm sweeps over the uneven ground hitting Leer. The impact tosses both the gun and the fragile body in the air. The gun follows gravity and lands a few feet from the injured solider.
Leer flies backwards faster and then lands on his back spine grunting in pain, spilling a mouthful and an earful of blood proteins in the air. He does not move and groans in pain.

****

On the bridge room, of the Moth warship, the health monitor screen screams in musical whistles recording all the injuries on a grounded and bloody Leer.
Eartha gasps in shock. She yelled, “Leer is hurt; his body is grounded. The monitor is screaming his name. This is all bad! This is all wrong! We’re not fighters, we’re lovers. Do something for them! That tall and angry rock soldier will kill them all.”
“I am thinking.” He stared at the Mist Cloud.
“Are there F-bombs located inside the Beetle?”
“Yes, there are F-bombs on the Beetle. But the Beetle is located 25 miles away from their fighting position.”
She exhales with worry. She stated, “This…this is a warship for…for warfare. Right? Right! Hero, shoot off an F-bomb and destroy that rock soldier!”
Hero stated, “Assistant Eartha, I can obey your command. But a single F-bomb will destroy both the dangerous and deadly rock soldier and all of our alive but injured crew members into a death day.”
She yelled. “Damn! Do something but think out loud, Stoker. Leer’s bio-medical indicator is loudly beeping in a steady stream of musical tones. He’s dying down there on that exoplanet. That’s why is it continues to beep at us. And Chip is all dead. He’s bio-medical indicator is a steady musical tone that’s low and soft.”
Stoker laughed. “Naw! That musical soft tone is his regular healthy vital medical signs as a living cyborg. Chip does have a pair of human lungs, only mechanical.”
She exhaled. “Purry’s doing a good job fighting that rock monster. She has split her dots into fighting limbs and then reconstructs slowly growing not tall or strong enough against the taller, stronger, and meaner rock solider. She’s too short and weak against that gigantic rock monster. She’ll not win her individual fight; but her fighting will save Leer’s life force. We need to help Leer!”
Stoker turns and winks to Eartha. He yelled, “Come on! We can go down there and save them all.”
“What!” She frowned at Stoker.
He said. “I am talking out loud. We can fly the Bat down to the planet and save our Outlaws.”
She gasped in shock. “What’s that?”
“An attack warcraft!”
She laughed with a nod. “Do it, too it, Stoker!”
They race…crawl from the bridge floor heading down towards the lower level tunnel. As they slowly crawl through the lower level tunnel, Eartha can feel the heated stone on her palms and kneecaps coming from the flame-burn engine room, where all the flame-burn engines are stored. The flame is a small burn allowing the warship to stabilize in outer space floating around without dropping down into the dark abyss of nothingness.

Five minutes later, Stoker crawls through the opening and then stands first wearing a smile while explaining the purpose of the new attack warcraft. He explained, “The true bat mammal used to live and thrive on Planet Earth. The bat had possessed a pair of forelimbs like a pair of wings that truly sustains its flight through the air waves. The bat had two flexible rear legs for picking up objects like its live prey. They possessed echo-locating waves for food and flight. They fed on blood, the blood of their enemies.” He laughs with Eartha.
Eartha stands upright in front of the opening and carefully scans the lower level. The level is empty space, even without a single tiny floating dust particle. Three walls are solid stone, without a viewing glass window. Each wall retracts and then forms a glittering translucent force field of heat seeing the whirling outer space environment. Then the force field is released allowing the outer space craft to enter the outer space environment. The three different walls were designed for a fast escape for each employee into one of three different directions, in case, damage or destruction to the warship.
The entrance wall holds the tunnel hole and a closed door into the flame-burn engines with a security finger print only from the stoker employee, which is Stoker.
She continues to stand and stares at the three long wide walls of stone. The Beetle starship is missing but in use by Leer housed on the exoplanet. Eartha gasped in shock. “Where’s the new attack warcraft? I don’t see anything. Where are you at, Stoker?”
“Turn around!” His voice echoed within the quiet room.
She slowly spins around and stares at the entrance wall, slowly examining the structure and then gasps in shock. At the top of the wall at the intersection of the smooth stone ceiling plates, a long black tinted pole hangs away from the stones housing an object. The object is a matching black hue like the stone wall that is easily hidden from a pair of human eyeballs. She smiled. “The warcraft hangs upside down on a pole…”
“…like a bat inside a cavern. Hence, the nickname of the warcraft.” His voice echoed within the quiet room.
“Where are you located, Stoker?”
“Come behind the warcraft!” He stated.
She strolls ahead sliding behind the large black object then halts gasping in shock. The underbelly of the warcraft is designed in yellow tinted metal underneath the two individual long and wide flying wings. Attached to the yellow metal, a row of individual F-bombs is mounted in different hues of color, such like, blue, green, orange, lavender, pink. The center object in the middle of the two very long and wide metal wings contains a massive long and wide cockpit setting in dull-looking red hue metal. Stoker stands and then slowly shuffles sideways checking each F-bomb.
She frowned, “What are you doing, Stoker?”
He studies the next bomb and then watches the hand-held device. Stoker explained, “A single of row of F-bombs is mounted outside and underneath the wing port. So, I’m checking the stability of each F-bomb on the bat wing. I want the F-bomb to bomb but not inside the landing dock. Else, we’ll blow up the warship. Then we’ll never get back home.”
“Right toe!” She stated. She giggles with silliness and studies the rest of the bat warcraft. The long center body of red metal measures twice as wide and longer than a standard Beetle starship extending into the rear of the warcraft. The width and length of the cockpit is obvious more than a cockpit setting, but a cargo hold for numerous moving or stored items.
At the end of the cockpit body, a second shorter side of wings with light green metal presents numerous folded metal limbs that can be used to reach out and grab a single item or multiple items within outer space or from the ground or from the water or from the skyline.
Stoker finishes his safety task then shuffles back into the center of the red tinted cockpit cabin slamming his finger pad against the smooth metal. A hidden panel slides open. “Ladies first!” He chuckled.
Eartha gasps in shock and enters first slowly climbing upright like a woman onto a set of metal steps. She stated. “Finally, a staircase is available on a warcraft. I’m impressed. I don’t have to bend over,” she laughs.
He laughs at her silly joke and follows Eartha up two flights of metal steps into a small cockpit setting. The cockpit portion display to two forward tilting chairs next to each other with an individual steering column coming up from the floor even with the chest on each person. The background features a forward tilted square-shaped console with numerous tiny monitors all in black hue as the warcraft is not powered.
Eartha slides down into the right-side chair. She asked, “Which chair is the pilot?”
“Either chair can house the pilot controls. Today, I’m pilot as I know the warcraft. If another emergency comes up, then you can be the next pilot.”
“No thanks! I can’t feel a solid floor, only a skinny pole for the soles of my boots.”
He chuckled. “A bat is a hanging mammal living inside a dark, damp cavern, sleeping upside down. The engineer design is brilliant.”
The side windshield is even with the elbow bone on Stoker extending across a wide and tall forward glass surface covering the hair roots on both humans going down the glass panel even with Eartha’s waistline.
Eartha scans the new environment and gasps in shock. She stated. “The windshield is facing the floor.”
“A bat…”
“…does not fly backwards or downwards but straight ahead, like a bird.” She stated. She sneers and secures the webbing over her body for the rescue of Leer, Purry and Chip down on the dry and humid exoplanet surface.
“This Bat flies ahead with its artificial face looking down.”
“This is really weird.”
He laughed. “O yeah, baby! It’s about to get really weirder, right here and right now! The eyeballs on the bat represent us, the two cockpit chairs. The cockpit is a small part of the center chamber. The chamber is an empty, hallow hold that can hold anything, including all ugly land monsters,” he chuckles alone and reaches out with his human finger tapping the dial.
“What are you doing?”
“A true bat mammal possesses echo-locating waves. I am programming the Bat to seek out and find the echo of its target, Leer. Leer wears a skin tattoo that echoes out information and location coordinators of his injured body and his current medical condition. The Bat will find and then latch onto Leer guiding system or his tattoo identifying his physical location from outer space. Hang on, doll!” Stroker kicks the pole rotating the machine. The steering column disappears and is replaced with a flat panel holding a single round slot. He lifts his metal arm even with his waistline then dials his mental hand into a screwdriver pattern inserting the tip of the screwdriver into the round slot. The ship powers as the engines roar into life coming from the rear end of the warcraft. Sitting in the pilot and co-pilot chairs, Stoker continues his lecture. “In ancient cultures, a bat represents protection for a long life of happiness and fun.”
“I heard that right. Get moving! We need to save Leer’s life…”
“…along with our other two Outlaws Purry and Chip, Eartha.”
She stared down at the floor, “Yeah, them too!”
The forward wall disappears and floods the landing bay compartment with suffocating outer space molecules. The Bat ship lifts up from the thick pole and then slowly flies forward, before reaching the edge of the platform. He yelled, “O! Hold on tight to your ass!”
She turns and sneers at Stoker. She asked, “Why!” The ship reaches the platform reaching into outer space and then drops vertical down into the new environment. She screams and grabs the webbing. “Aaaa!”
Stoker laughed. “I just told you. This Bat flies downwards, not uprights.” He laughs again without Eartha. The Bat starship quickly falls down through outer space, through the exoplanet’s atmosphere, and then appears within the pink tinted skyline almost near the destroyed mud hut.

On Exoplanet Kee Too, on top of the dry tan colored ground soil, Chip lies 500 feet in a dry ditch on his back spine, without movement, away from the active vicious fight of Purry against the Rock Soldier. Leer rests in the opposite direction away from the crawler lying on his face and stomach. Human red tinted blood proteins seep out from his back spine covering the tan earth.
“There he is! There he is! Leer is there! Go and get Leer first, Stoker!” Eartha shouted. She points through the window at Leer.
Stoker ordered, “First, you must work the F-laser beam and explode on the dots on the Rock Soldier but do not hit Purry.” He presses a button on the console panel.
In front of Eartha, a small stick appears blinking in yellow lights indicating the F-laser beams are ready for deploying at the new target. She smiles and grabs the stick. She sneered, “She’ll survive.”
“Do not harm Purry, Eartha!” he sneered back.
“Shore! Fine! Whatever, you want! Whatever, you say, master,” She stated. Eartha frowns and twirls the stick at the bone skull on the Rock Soldier, firing at the targeted object. A line of yellow liquid sprays from underneath side wing hitting the target. The rock-coated skull explodes into numerous tiny colorful dots. Each dot sails in the air then hits down on top of the hard soil. Purry gasps in shock and then looks up viewing the strange warcraft machine but understands. Stoker and Eartha have arrived in a new flying machine coming from the warship to save the day. She squats down and calls all the individual dots into her rock-coated body quickly growing in both height and strength.
The Bat halts in the air waves a few feet above a grounded unconscious Chip. The nose cone opens.
Eartha can see the movement with her eyeballs and feel the motion with her body. She asked, “What are you doing?”
“A pointy ramp slowly descends down then hits the dirt. He explained. “The nose cone is one of the only movable parts that opens for the retrieval of humans, animals and equipment pieces, without us leaving the comfy cockpit seats.”
“Okay. Can you land the Bat on top of the rolling dirt piles of dirty sand? I’ll go and retrieve Leer.”
“No.”
“Okay. Can you hover the Bat a few feet from the dirty sands? Then I’ll jump out and grab an injured Leer.”
“No.”
“Then what does the Bat do?”
The ship halts upright a few inches from the sandy dirt. Then he twirls his screwdriver finger around. The nose cone opens. A pink tinted gel drops down from the opening and then slowly scales like a colorful snake down the metal ramp landing in the dirt.
She frowned. “Uoo! What’s that?”
He smiles and controls the Bat ship without crashing down onto the surface. Stoker stated, “Walking gel! The gel is a really soft thinking machine bot mixture that transports humans and animals without harming the life force. The gel also administrates aid to the wounds and mends broken bones on both animals and humans.”
The pink tinted gel morphs into a large centipede insect shape with hundreds of white tinted tiny legs swiftly crawling over the rough terrain and then slams into a grounded Chip. Chip does not scream or move. The gel wraps its softness around Chip.
She gasped in shock. “The gel is eating Chip.”
“Kill the soldier, Eartha!” He yelled. “The gel is wrapping its bot mixture around Chip. The gel is protecting the body administrating fluids into the blood, veins, and a sedation medication for pain.”
The gel cocoons Chip then lifts the pink-tinted body from the ground swiftly walking backwards into the nose ramp. The centipede gel shape stops inside the rear cargo warming Chip, healing its human parts, until the ship arrives back at the Health Ward for a proper medical treatment. Stoker lifts the Bat from the ground in the air and slowly moves sideways to a grounded Leer. Leer appears in an unconscious state also.
Eartha exhales with annoyance and views Purry. The Rock Soldier has reconstituted its loose dots again into tall soldier fighting against a shorter Purry again. Eartha fires another plume of yellow tinted F-laser beans at the soldiers hitting its arm. The loos dots spray across the ground but quickly roll back into the Rock Soldier or towards Purry. However, Purry cannot fight and absorb the loos dots at the same time and neither can the Rock Soldier, thus it is checkmate with the fight.
The Bat halts in the air waves then lowers down releasing the ramp. A purple tinted centipede gel shape emerges and swiftly advances to a grounded Leer covering the human in a matching cocoon.
Eartha darts her eyeballs to the ugly sight and then exhales with worry. Leer and Chip are now rescued and safe from the Rock Soldier. The centipede gel enters the ramp loading onto the ship.
Stoker closes the ramp and then flies backwards from the Rock Soldier.
She sneered. “What are you doing?”
He stated. “I am watching.”
She curses at Stoker and continues to fire laser beams at the fighting soldier without success. Purry dismembers her individual rock-coated limbs and starts her attack on different body parts of the Rock Soldiers. His large hand slams down at Purry missing her, losing his dots but quickly reconstructs back into the large rock-coated hand.
Eartha fires laser beams into the leg on the Rock Soldier at the kneecap. The dots split from the leg as the soldier falls on the dirt separating into individual dots. Purry stops fighting and stands still calling all the loose dots into her body as she glows and then grows into a Good One, not a Bad One.
Inside the cockpit of the Bat, Eartha gasps in alert. She can’t blaster a rolling dot without hitting Purry. The soldier quickly reconstitutes into an upright balanced smaller version of a fighting rock-coated solider but is still taller and stronger than Good One Purry.
Purry eats the last dot then attacks the forearm on the solider pulling apart the dots. The dots automatically roll into Purry.
Eartha fires the laser beam at the same damaged arm peeling away more dots. The dots roll to Purry. The Rock Soldier frowns at Purry than looks up viewing the flying machine reaching out, trying to swat the man-made object.
Stoker flies the Bat away from the Rock Solider. He ordered, “Fire the lasers.
She snarled, “Fire an F-bomb.”
He yelled, “No, Eartha! An F-bomb will destroy everything on the exoplanet, including us. Fire the lasers.” An orange tinted laser hits the bone skull. Then a few seconds later, a green tinted laser beam hit stomach. The dots erupt in the air then land on the ground. Purry gasps in shock and then smiles. She backpedals calling all the dots into her body while reconstituting into a Good One, not a Bad One.
Eartha frowned. “That wasn’t me!”
“That was me! Yeehaw!” The voice of Tean yelled through the speaker in the Bat’s cockpit. “Bats live in a colony, baby! Didn’t you know that, Lady Earthling?” Tean laughs and flies a second Bat halting several miles away from Stoker’s Bat.
A third Bat parks several miles on the opposite side of Stoker’s Bat ship.
Tean ordered, “Left toe! We have three Bats and three sets of lasers. Eartha, hit his leg. I’ll hit its bone skull. Darsha, hit its stomach. We’re split it dots in the air, on the ground, and into outer space, until each one is dust ball. Purry can stand there and absorb the dots for her mid-day lunch.” He fires an orange tinted laser beam at the bone skull. Each Outlaw gunner follows his orders. The dots explode and scatter everywhere. Tean has Boodle with him inside the cockpit. She starts to target and then fire on the further dots away from Purry.

Within three minutes and 54 seconds, 13 milliseconds, the Rock Soldier fights back slowly reconstructing its loose dots into a small, smaller, and the smallest human shape. Purry is glowing in colors and then growing in both height, width, and strength. She raises her arm above her new enlarged bone skull. All the laser beams halt coming from the three Bat ships. She sneers like an anger human and stomps ahead smashing the tiny Rock Soldier into a pile of dust bunnies. The dust particles fly in the air and then land on the ground quickly trying to reconstruct into a tiny fighting rock warrior again. Purry releases her limbs. Each limb flies into a dust mist and eats the dust particles cleaning the air current. Then her limbs return back to her body. The Rock Soldier is gone.
“Let’s go home, Outlaws!” Tean yelled with delight to his fellows Outlaws.
Stoker lowers the Bat ship near the ground and opens the nose cone. Purry races into the ship sitting a few feet from a colorful cocooned Chip and Leer. She has unique Plutonian powers but cannot help or heal a human body. Each new flying Bat starship returns back to their appropriate Moth warship.

At 06:29:07 hours/minutes/seconds, after all the human Outlaw crew members have cleaned their sweaty bodies, relaxed their active minds, and calmed their human emotions, they gather for a hot wash meeting, inside the dining room setting on Leer’s Moth ship. The dining room setting displays a narrow, long, and semi-rectangular in shape with continuous glowing translucent walls, without decorations or windows.
Hero stands beside the table a few feet in-between Eartha and Stoker without a plate of food, of course. He stated, “I saw the battle.”
“How’s Leer? How’s Chip?” Stoker asked between bites of food.
The robot stated, “In good metal hands from Doc. We can’t leave the exoplanet until Leer returns to the bridge room.”
Stoker ordered, “That’s okay. We stay in orbit around Exoplanet Kee Too for now. They don’t possess weapons or ship, only arrogance. And they don’t wanna talk to us.”
Eartha frowned. “What does that mean?”
Stoker stated, “Their leader will only speak to the leader of the Outlaw, which is Leer. And the transports only listen to Leer, our Outlaw leader, too boot.”
Eartha frowned. “That Rock Soldier was nasty…”
“….and tall and mean and strong.” Hero added.
“The rock is destroyed, only 44 more to go.” Stoker stated. He chuckles and then eats the food.
She looks down at the plate of food and exhales with worry.
Purry does not understand the strength of Rock Soldier either. She is too short, too weak, and too nice as a Good One. Eartha whispered for her eardrums only. “I need to talk with her about a new battle strategy.”
Purry enters the room and then halts a few feet from the tunnel. She stated, “Don’t bother standing up. We are having company.”
Hero spun around and stated to Purry, “Who’s coming to dinner?”
She nodded with a human gesture, “The other outlaws are flying over from the other two ships. Darsha wants to meet, eat lunch, and discuss our next battle strategy.” The other crew members nod in silence.

At 07:07:07 hours/minutes/seconds, on the warship, inside the 2nd level Health Ward, Leer opens his two eyelids screaming in horror inside the dark room without hearing sounds. He screamed out loud, “Err! Ugh! Ahh! Turn the lights on! Turn the lights on!” The overhead lamps power. He blinks his eyelids several times seeing the rows of dull lamps then automatically shuffles his hand, yelling in panic. “Err! Ugh! Ahh! What’s this? Release me! Release me! Release me!” His hands are tied down at his side along with his two arms and his two legs and his entire body. His entire body is tied down to the bed frame for some reason. He blinks his two eyelids and focuses his eyeballs seeing a very strange thing over his body, shifting sideways without moving from the bed frame, wearing a white tinted cover with tiny holes that his single finger pad cannot penetrate. “What’s this? What’s this? Release me! Release me! What’s this? Why am I tied down? I can’t get out of here. I can’t get off the bed frame. Ahh!”
The mechanical robot named Doc stands in front of the solid wall of stone holding mounted pieces of medical equipment, slowly lifts up from the solid floor, carefully spinning around, facing Leer. It steers ahead then stops beside the bed frame observing an active yelling Leer.
It asked, What’s this stuff over my body? I can’t move my hands, arms, legs, and feet. Let me outta of here!”
“Silk.”
His chin reaches down and touches the material. He said. “The fiber is soft and silky. It feels nice and fluffy. How did you get a silk bandage, Doc? I’ll never heard or felt a silk bandage before, Doc.”
“Spider silk.”
He gasps in shock and stares at the medical physician viewing his covered body. Leer yelled again, “What! Huh! What! What! What did you say? I thought I hear the words, spider.”
“I did.”
He exhales in worry and annoyance at the medical machine. Leer calmly stated, “Right toe! Why am I wrapped in spider silk stockings?”
“A spider’s web is one of the strongest, softest and chemically enhanced medication for a human body. Spider silk is produced at a low cost to the patient for body treatment of delicate human skin and is an ancient material for any type of human skin graft replacing the human tissue loss to single or multiple burns or cut lacerations. The spider silk creates a living dressing that acta as a scaffold to promote skin renewal and all the human wounds. You were wounded during the vicious fight with the Rock Soldier on the exoplanet. Thus, you are wrapped in spider silk to heal all your open bleeding wounds.”
He turns and spies on the spiders inside each glass cage that outlines his medical bed frame. Leer said, “Bleeding. Where’s the damn spiders?”
“In its home…”
He frowned. “Where’s its home?”
“On Uranus.”
“Good answer! However, I see lots of glass cages around my bed frame. Are the spiders really in there?”
“Of course, you see the spiders. They…”
“…ain’t cute either.” He yelled with a sneer. “Get me outta of this human-sized spider web, right now!”
“Leer, you were bleeding really badly.”
He yelled again. “Right now! I want out right here and right now!” His body tries to rip at the silk bandages.
Doc stated. “You should leave the webbing on your body until the strands slide off. Once the natural chemical product of silk threads is exhausted, the shredded strands fall off.” It monitors the computer screen while imitating a human gesture. It sung, “Hmm! You are almost healed. Your open lacerations are closed forming an individual pink tinted scab which will start to itch from your healthy body functions. Do not scratch, only suffer!” It produces a low musical tone of laughter. “Based on your request and my health assessment, I will release you against my better medical judgment.”
He yelled, “Release me now! Who’s in charge of the ship? Who’s piloting the ship?”
“Eartha, I bet.” Doc stared.
He yelled again. “Release me now, Doc!”
“Your body is healthy; your mind is damaged due to your screaming session.”
He huffed. “I’m fine. Please get me outta of his thing, Doc! I need to finish my Outlaw mission and then return home to the Pond. The end. That’s all!”
The ceiling tiles shift around then a long rubber pipe slowly descends down towards Leer. He stiffens with fear thinking the device contains additional live spiders as he does not know how to remove a spider’s web from his entwined human body. The pipe halts at his feet first. The pipe sounds with a large whistle as it slowly moves from the feet to the neck on Leer. A mighty force of air molecules pulls on entwined spider silk cover quickly sucking up all the glittering white tinted threads. Leer possesses a clean body and lies still on top of the metal table until the process is complete. The loud whistling sound ceases. Then the pipe slowly drops down a feather duster device. The feather duster device lows closer to the human body swishing the soft animal feathers over the human tissue. Leer giggles like a girl from the delicate touch of the animal feathers. The dusting halts too.
Then the duster device silently shimmies back up the pipe storing back within its hidden internal nest. A loud rumbling sound echoes and then rattles the extended rubber black-tinted pipe throughout the quiet Health Ward room. A tube of water splashes down on top of Leer covering his entire body including his face.
“Arrrrrr!” Leer screamed in shock. He quickly sits upright flinging water drops in the air. The water drops lands on the floor. He sneers with metal murder at the deceptive medical machine. “Hey! Ugh! I’m naked.”
“I told you to leave the silk bandages on your body. The last step has been completed with the tube of warm water. You are dismissed from the Health Ward, Pilot Leer.”
He slides off the table and continues to sneer at the medical machine. He stated, “I would suggest using one of the gigantic wolf spiders and their massive spider’s webs from Planet Earth, next time, Doc.” He laughs with amusement from a severe medical situation.
Doc spins around and stares at the back spine on Leer assessing the human body. It said, “The web strands work best on a nude human body…”
“…with a nude human girl, too,” he laughed.
Doc stated. “I do not comprehend that statement, Captain Leer.”
Leer laughed, “Yeah, you can’t. You’re a cold machine without human emotions and feelings.” He enters the sleeping compartment, quickly changing into a set of new clothes, before Eartha crashes the warship. He quickly emerges and walks across the floor towards the tunnel hole.
Doc stands in the middle of the room and then extends one of its multiple silver-tinted metal limbs presenting a small white and red colored item to Leer, in silence. Leer halts, looks down, and frowns at the item. “What’s that?”
“A piece of peppermint candy.”
Leer asked. He frowns down at the item, “Is it poisonous to me or the spiders?” He laughs with nervousness around the deceptive machine. “What is it for? Whom is it for?”
“The ceiling vacuum cleaner sucked up all the silk threads off your body. Then the same pipe released and splashed warm water over your dirty body. You are 99.99 percent clean of dirt and sweat balls. However, if a tiny silk thread lingers on your human body, then a spider will come looking for its new home,” the machine imitated a musical tone of laughter. “This piece of candy contains the mineral peppermint. The sweet odor of peppermint deters the sense of smell on a spider looking for a new environment.”
Leer gasps in shock. He frowned with a sour attitude, “Thanks! I think.” He accepts the candy and places on his tongue, sucking down the sweet mineral, scooting around the medical robot. He enters the sleeping quarters and quickly dresses in a new jumpsuit, leaving the sleeping compartment and walks to the tunnel hole.
Doc stated, “Tell your crew members that Chip is in stable condition and is nicely recovering from his wounds too, but he is confided to the Health Ward for a longer period of time. And there will be not visitor or visitation into my Health Ward for anyone including Captain Leer.”
Leer halts and gasps in shock. He didn’t know that Chip was injured in the fight with the Rock Soldier as he was unconscious from his set of wounds. He stated, “Yes, sir!” He obeys and understand dropping down on his palms and kneecaps, carefully crawling ahead from the Health Ward. He quickly shuffles down the tunnel tube looking to his co-workers.

At 07:17:17 hours/minutes/seconds, back inside the dining room, the gang of Outlaws, Purry, and Hero sit at the two small round tables healing their wounds and chatting about the hot topic. Each stone table displays plates of food items surrounding by cold and hot individual contains of varied liquids for the humans. Each item was prepared by Hero.
One side of table holds Purry sitting between Eartha and Stoker, who face the opposite table for conversation. Tean, Leer, and Darsha share the second table talking to all the crew members.
Crew member Chip is still resting and recovering in the medical laboratory under the care of Medical Doctor.
Hero sits on the floor slightly a few feet behind Darsha watching the humans, waiting on the next human order.
Eartha stares down at a plate of food smelling the delicious items but does not feel hungry talking to the plate. She said, “Maybe, we should ditch the old plan for finding and then destroying the other 43 rock art pieces and concentrate on finding Taradiddle. He is useless without his rock army anyways.”
Darsha cuts the food. She asked, “How do we find Taradiddle, Eartha? He could be anyway within the solar system.”
She looks up and nods to Darsha. She stated, “We can’t find an individual man; but we can find his warship. He flies a warship like this one. A warship signal is…”
“…a unique tone of vibration,” Tean stated. He spits out chewed food particles over the stone table and shakes his skull. “But the galaxy is huge. It would be looking for a needle in a haystack as my grandmother says.” He eats and chews the food.
“We stick with the original plan finding and then destroying the other 43 rocks.”
Stoker said to Eartha. “As long as Taradiddle does not find his rock soldiers, there is not war among the other planets. He has no army or weapons which is vitally important for staring a war. We are winning the war slowly. This is best plan of action. No one gets hurt or harmed again. We go quickly and negotiate for the rest of the rock art pieces. Isn’t that right, Leer?”
“Right two!” Leer yelled. He nods then eats the food.
Boodle enters the room on her kneecaps then stands dancing sideways. She shouted out loud. “I did it. I did it.”
Darsha turns and frowns at Boodle. She asked, “What did you do?”
Hero expressed without moving. “Would you care like a steaming plate of food, Co-pilot Boodle?”
Boodle said. “And the last three rock pieces have been found and negotiated for and are ready for pickup, compliments of the Outlaw Office. We’ll find out task within one Neptune day. This is all exciting and thrilling for me.”
Tean stands from the bench seat and dances sideways slapping his chest. He stated, “I…I can go and get the last three rock…”
“No!” Darsha yelled. She quickly stands from the same bench seat and wiggles into the open floor filling excitement too. She wants to be part of the victory team. “No! There are three ships and three rock pieces. Each pilot will fly and collect then destroy their individual art piece. Then we be done!” She laughs.
Boodle stands bounding up and down on top of the hard floor, after discovering and expressing the good news to her fellow outlaws, Purry, and the robots. She yelled, “Yes, I agree. Let’s do that! Let’s end this mission today! We’ve been flying around the Solar System for seven hours and 57 minutes.”
“Eight hours!” Eartha whispered.
“Wow! Have we really been flying around for eight hours?” Tean smiled. “It feels like less to me.” He laughs.
Boodle nodded with a smile. “Yeah! We’ve have been flying around the Solar System for seven hours and 57 minutes based on Neptune time. We can finish this mission and then celebrate our victory back home on Neptune as heroes and heroines.” She is eager to receive her financial reward and inquire about commanding a starship with her husband Tean, after completing this mission.
Eartha sits on the hard chair and wears a stern face viewing Boodle.
“Yay! Yeah! I agree too.” Stoker stated. He sits beside Eartha and continues to eat the plate of food.
Darsha dances in place and smiles at Boodle. She stated, “I agree also. Where are the last three rock pieces located within the galaxy, Boodle?” She is very excited about completing the mission finding and destroying all 49 art rock pieces. She has exceeded her current assignment thus the Outlaw Headquarters executives will nicely reward her accomplishments as the leader of the crew members. This reward will become better than receiving a Fire Star trophy. Once she receives her massive award, Darsha will retire living in peace and harmony.
Tean lifts one palm and smiles at his wife. He ordered, “Don’t tell us, Boodle!”
“What! Why not, darling? I wanna share my secret information.” Boodle said with a frown to her husband.
He chuckled. “There are three rock pieces and three Moth ships.” Tean lifts his other hand holding three tiny palmers. “Now, I hold in my hand three palmers. Each palmer is new and the same and holds one location for one rock art piece. I, of course, had to download the three location in order to place store inside each new palmer memory banks.” He is also eager to complete the mission and feels sad about pursuing other career opportunities, such like, captain of a starship. He and his wife Boodle would be leaving Neptune and living on a starship exploring the galaxy. His childhood friend and working buddy Leer does not desire such feats, only the strange task of acquiring a Fire Star trophy.
Leer is eager to end the mission and return back to Neptune. He might be interested in marrying Eartha, settling down into a home life, and having children also.
“The three ships could visit the three sites as a scout team, before permanently splitting up and going our ways, getting another outer space assignment.” Stoker nodded with a smile.
Boodle cannot sit down and continues to dance with happiness in place. She said, “Well, I’m eager to complete the mission, return to Outlaw Headquarters, get our rewards, and then head home to Neptune. I like the idea of three rock pieces and three separate, independent starships collecting at the same time each piece of art and then destroying it. Then each ship returns to Jupiter and return the ship to the natives. I wanna get home before our suppertime meal.” She laughs with some of the others.
Eartha purses her lips and gently raps her knuckles on the hard surface pondering her mental thoughts. Once the three rock pieces are destroyed, the mission is done. The three starships are ordered to return back to the manufacturing world of Saturn. The Outlaws were assigned to find and destroy each rock pieces and find and kill Taradiddle. The other brave Outlaws have overruled the other part of the assigned mission and Eartha’s wise words. However, Eartha has not forgotten. She rubs the throbbing cold sore on her upper lip. The cold sore burns when she is stressed or distressed or depressed.
This mission will end. This starship will be returned. But Eartha is not finished with her personal assignment traveling to nasty Planet Eartha and finding another nastier person with a cold sore on their lip.
She has been researching the clinical condition of a cold sore. A cold sore is a virus. A virus is killed with an antibody. If she can find another slimy earthling with a lip cold sore, Eartha can cut off the human head and bring the human object to one of the mechanical biological robots. The robot can extract the cold sore antibody and slam them on her lip cold sore. Then Eartha’s lip will be cured and return back to normal. Then she and Leer can marry, celebrating the rich life on Neptune.
Purry does not require breathing or eating or peeing. She listens to the vocal words but stares at the far wall pondering her own mental thoughts. She was excited about the outer space mission finding then destroying each rock art piece, a hidden rock soldier.
She was impressed with Taradiddle’s rock creation. The rock swiftly grew into fighting soldier exhibiting long endurance and mighty strength against her extraordinary talents as a native Plutonian. However, after the tough fight that injured her new human friends, she desires the outer space mission done also. She cannot go back home due to the fires and volcanoes and does not know where she will live out her reminding days and nights within the galaxy. There are numerous colonies of settled humans. She will ask Leer for advice or maybe the knowledgeable robot. She is certain the Outlaw Headquarters would provide free outer space transportation to one of the existing human colonies creating a life.
Stoker continues to eat using his human fingers and mechanic fingers, rocking both of his metal feet over the hard floor, studying at the Outlaws. Each one stands and slightly dances with excitement regarding the complete of the mission. Stoker does not understand their celebration. But each one serves as an Outlaw, a police officer for the galaxy, not a star traveler. Each Outlaw will return back home to Neptune and restart their regular paying job. Based on Outlaw behavior, each one knows each other and works together. However, the Outlaw pair Tean and Boodle seem to know each other better than the rest. Maybe, they are a dating pair or a wedded pair.
Stoker can’t remember the number of outer space missions traveled since the age of sixteen years old. Once the current space mission is done, he will be reassigned to another starship traveling around the galaxy again, picking up humans and cargo for the next space port. He is grateful the space mission is ending on a happy premise, not deaths of his fellow crew mates, chewing on the delicious food.
Tean slightly wiggles sideways with excitement and smiles at Leer. He said, “We all agree here. Each ship will select a location and grab the rock piece, and then destroy it. Then each ship races back to Saturn for our reward. I own the location of the three rock pieces and so does Boodle. To make the selection process fair, diplomatic, and democratic, each captain can grab a palmer with the new information. Go ahead and pick one, Leer!”
Leer exhales with annoyance and hesitates with the task. He is tired and sore from the fierce fight with the rock soldier desiring to go home to the Great Spot and take a long bath, not run around the galaxy for another rock art piece. He is not a star traveler, only an Outlaw. However, his Outlaw days might be ending. Darsha has hinted too many times that each Outlaw will become a hero of the universe with a fantastic award for all, such like, a Fire Star trophy of honor and numerous coins of wealth. So be it!
Leer can accept both fame and fortune returning back home, lounging around his pole house and enjoys the rest of his days and nights in peace and harmony. However, he does not feel the same vibe coming from his childhood friend and co-worker Tean. Tean likes the space adventure and desires to travel both space and time with his girlfriend Boodle. There is something strange about their social behavior on this space mission. Tean has hinted too many times about becoming a starship captain. Well, this is the opportunity. Once the gang of outlaws…naw…heroes return back to Saturn, the Outlaw Office will provide all the rewards and awards for each new hero. This might be the last time that Leer sees his old friends Tean, Boodle, and Darsha, before he retires into a life of luxury and laziness.
Leer also desires a wife and a child completing the family picture. He views Eartha, who seems upset and soft sneers at Tean. Eartha has been acting like a brat on the space mission. Her behavior must be related to her minor injury, the cold sore on her upper lip. Right now, her cold sore glows in red hue. Leer gag on his own tongue spit. The sight of the cold sore is both ugly and gross. Eartha could be wife material but not with that ugly, glowing red tinted cold sore on her pink tinted lip tissue. Leer is afraid to touch her face without creating a cold sore on his own lip tissue. After returning home, he will start looking for a mate.
Right now, he gently rubs the spider web package on his healing cheekbone. The spider webbing is slowly absorbing into the cut but itches during the healing process. He uses the hand to rub his sore forearm as his first major injury as an adult, using the same hand, picking the middle of palmer without activating the power button. He does not want to see the new location.
Tean turns with a smile and views Darsha. She does not hesitate to pick the palmer on the right and cuddles the item into her chest smiling at Tean. She stated, “Done! When have our last assignment, get prepped, and leave as soon as possible and retrieve your rock art. Bye!” She leaves the dining room setting crawling over the stone tunnel floor. Her mission has worked perfectly and will end ahead of schedule. The Outlaw Office planned a completion task within two days. Darsha will accomplish the same task within the same day less than four hours, a Neptune day. She will finally become a wealthy person living her days and nights within Quarter RR inside the Great Spot.
She slowly scoots on her two kneecaps then exits the tunnel archway into the belly of the ship, where the ships are stored. She slowly stands hearing her kneecap bones pop. She needs to visit a sound bed healing her old bones. Darsha paces to her parked Birdie entering the cockpit, flying back to her pink-tinted floating Moth starship.
Back inside the dining room setting, Tean hands the palmer to Boodle and grabs a handful of food, eating and chews from his hand, spitting out chewed foot particles in the air to Leer. He stated, “Bye-bye! We’re leaving and going to get our rock piece then destroy it. See ya’ll on Saturn!” He spins around and leads his wife Boodle exiting the dining room, crawling on his kneecaps and one palm on the hard floor into the cargo bay with the Beetle ship.
Boodle spins around with a smile and dances to the tunnel hole falling down, crawling on her kneecaps and two palms and ponders her new life. Her dreams are coming true. She is part of the team that has found and then will destroy all 49 rock pieces, before each rock art becomes a terribly dangerous rock soldier, a nasty creation from the madman scientist Taradiddle. Then she and the other Outlaws will receive recognition and reward. Boodle hopes to be granted a warship traveling around the galaxy with her husband Tean. Leer still does not know about her secret marriage while missing their impromptu, important wedding ceremony, too. But, after the destruction of the last art piece, Boodle and Team will inform Leer with the good news.
Tean finishes the food items staining his palm meat wiping the excess food crumbs on his new jumpsuit then exits the tunnel hole while waiting on his newly married legal wife. She exits the tunnel then carefully stands rushing into his open arms, cuddling into his body. They spin around and slowly walk with happy laughter towards their Birdie starship, leaving the Moth, for their warship.
Back inside the dining room setting, Stoker finishes his meal and slowly stands from the chair, nodding to Leer. He stated, “I need to go and wash up, before we begin our trip, Leer.”
Leer said. “Right toe!”
Eartha slowly stands and stares at Leer. She asked, “Are you going to reveal the location of your assigned rock art piece?” He stares down at the new palmer in silence.
Purry stands and wears a fake smile of colorful dots. She stated, “I am leaving the dining room to freshen up my body also. I will see both of you on the bridge floor.” She leaves the dining room.
Eartha expressed with a sad brow, “Are you feeling bad about the injuries on Chip?”
He exhaled. “If Boodle had only found that….”
She said, “His surgery is a success, Leer. Chip is both alive and breathing like a machine does do. He is also healing. He is part man and part machine. His machine parts are repaired and ready. His man parts are getting healed by the spider web patches and the vibration sound bed that works wonders n the human body. He will up and around the bridge before we dock on Saturn. Don’t feel so bad, Leer! We all volunteered for this dangerous and deadly space mission. Now, our space mission is almost done and over with. There are three more rock art pieces left and we need the outer space location. This is really a miracle for all of you…” she whispers for her eardrums only, “…not me.” She scoots around the table and approaches Leer, gently slamming his collar bone with bold courage. “Let’s go! We got one more task to accomplish before we end our space mission. But I need to freshen up before we start our new trip.” She spins around and wears a worried brow moving ahead then drops down crawling through the tunnel towards her sleeping compartment. Eartha has not completed her personal mission and will figure out a way to get to Planet Eartha and then heal her lip tissue.
Leer continues to stare down at the palmer which holds the last rock art piece ending this terrible outer space Outlaw mission. He whispered, “Right toe!” He spins around with a stern face and leaves the dining room refreshing his human body also.

At 07:26:26 hours/minutes/seconds, on the warship, inside the 2nd level Health Ward, Leer slowly stands upright from the tunnel hole exhaling with worry. He shuffles ahead then stops beside the examination table. He stares down at Chip. Chip lies on top of a metal table. His eyelids are opened. His eyeballs are missing. His mouth is open. His tongue and teeth are missing. His bone skull is covered in black tinted goo without hair strands. His two human arms are covered in spider silk of white along with his legs. His hands and feet are missing. His chest is open without blood exposing any empty shell without organs.
Leer shudders in creepy-creeps staring at an alive human body with machine parts. He asked, “What are you doing, Doc?”
The robotic medical physician continues to stir a pot of boiling pink-tinted water. It explained, “I am growing his liver tissue and muscular fibres. That nasty rock solider either destroyed or damaged much of his internal human organs and skin organ and arm and leg muscles.”
He gasped in shock, “Is Chip still alive?”
“Chip is a cyborg. Yes, he is alive and is sleeping, without any type of body pain.”
“How long does it take to cook his new organs?”
“The recipe requires a couple of hours for all of his human organs to roast into a pink-tinted hue. His skin tissue will be ready and reassembled before we reach the next planet. Chip cannot venture down to the new planet while his new organs are molding into his body.”
He stated, “O! I see,” Leer backsteps from the examination table and spins around leaving the Health ward, shaking his shoulder-length locks. He does not understand Chip, this ship, and this mission. He desires to end this mission and then return home to the Pond. He is never leaving his Pond for another outer space trip again.

At 07:29:29 hours/minutes/seconds, on the bridge floor, every crew member is present but Chip and Leer. Leer enters the room on his kneecaps the slowly stands wearing a smile. The high school prep talk from Eartha has eased his worried mind.
Each crew member had accepted the dangerous mission preparing to fight 48 other rock soldiers. The plan was to encounter or collect or defeat one single rock soldier that had almost defeated and almost killed Chip, Purry, and Leer. Both Eartha and Stoker saved their teammates and the day.
Leer slowly paces to his sitting cushion. “We’re heading south to collect the last rock art piece.”
Stoker said. “We’re heading back south.”
“South!” Eartha yelled. She slowly squats in front of her cushion storing more deadly items inside the hidden compartment which will protect her life and the lives of her ship mates from harm. She huffs with annoyance. “Huh! What is south? Where is south?”
Leer stated. He laughs feeling the bruised ribs and the healing scars all over his body, “Behind my butthole is south!”
Eartha slowly stands then spin around frowning at the curved steel wall. She stated, “That is not south.”
“We’re going backwards back into the Pluto Belt to locate the next rock art that converts into a really nasty Rock Soldier.” Leer stated.
“Why are we flying south, Leer?” Stroker nodded.
“We are seeking a very large planet…
“I have found it.” Hero stated.
Stoker asked, “What is that? What have you found, Hero?”
Hero floats from the side wall and has received all the planetary information from Tean as the reference robot on the mission team. It stated, “We are going to find and then orbit around the icy planet named The Goblin by a set of silly Earth scientists collecting the last rock art piece.”
Eartha stated. She laughs and nods with a smile. “A long, long time ago, the stupid earthlings thought the famed Planet X was shifting as an independent planet, without a sun or a home, and was going to collide into Planet Earth destroying the globe or shifting its axis or raining down heavenly angels or some other silly nonsense.”
Leer said. “Planet X was a floating collage of ancient starships. Now, it is gone!”
Stoker laughed. “Our earthling ancestors were really dense and dumb.”
“They still are.” Earth stated laughing with Leer.
Stoker said. “Geez! I’ve never, ever visited The Goblin dwarf planet. But that planet is located way, way far, far on the outer edges of both space and time. That’s a long, long, long ways for us to collect a tiny set of sticky pieces of colorful pebbles.” He shakes his bone skull with concern.
Eartha sneers and spins around to see Leer. She said. “Tean, he tricked you into taking the furthest galactic location for the last rock and you fell, fail, and failed for it, Leer. What an idiot!” She shakes her curls and feels anger at her three deceptive co-workers, Tean, Boodle and Darsha.
Stoker asked. “What were the other two locations?”
Leer said. “Tean didn’t say. Let’s go and get that last…”
The loud voice from Tean echoed into the bridge room, “Rock on!” The two hologram faces of both a pink-tinted Tean and a blue-tinted Boodle appear on the bridge floor. Tean laughed, “Hey, Leer! You finally read the palmer. You selected The Goblin, which holds one of the three last rock art pieces.”
“Yeah, I can read.” Leer sneered.
“Well, I got left with the planet named Farout. Farout, dude!” He laughed. “Farout is really far out in left field on the edge of the Solar System. However, The Goblin and Farout are close enough to be non-biological brothers.” He chuckled at his silly statement.
Earths frowned at Tean. “What does that mean, Tean?”
Tean laughed. “That means a warship race to your planet, coming in last, of course, bro!” He chuckled with his wife Boodle and Eartha.
Stoker frowned. “What race? What are you talking about? There are such things as space races but that occurs only on Jupiter, not here.”
Tean smiled. “O! I’ll never seen one, but a Jupiter space race sounds like sweet fun. But how about we execute our own fun race through outer space as our last hooray on the last leg of our space mission inside our warship that flies than the speed of light? The first one to their planet wins…” he laughs. “…wins something. The winner gets to decide the grand prize.”
Leer smiled. “Right toe!” Purry and Stoker clap with acknowledgement. Leer said. “Yeah! Let’s go and perturb some space dust!”
“That’s the spirit! Now, the only rule, the two Moth ships must fly in the same direction, south, and stay 25 or so million miles apart during the space race slamming through all the annoying and blinding colorful gaseous dust clouds, not a solid object. A solid object will kill ya dead! We can still see each other’s flame lights but do not cross each other’s flight pathway, without destroying each other into a permanent slumber of peace and harmony on the Other Side. I’ve got too much of life to live for, buddy!” Tean laughed with Boodle.
“I concur.”
“Within ten minutes, get your ship to face south. I’ll slide my ship sideways and mark the 23 million miles space for flight safety. Then I’ll project a numeric hologram countdown in both of our Mist Clouds from ten to zero. Once the math number hits zero, your Mist Cloud will return, and the race starts. How does that sound?”
“Like I’ve beaten you and then won the race already.” Leer laughed.
“What!” Tean gasped. “No! I win, pal. I win it all, buddy! Go and get ready right now! I’m signing off.” The two hologram faces disappear from the bridge.
On the bridge, Leer stands in front his cushion wiggling his finger in the air. He stated, “Get ready! Sit or stand! I don’t care. But we’ll be flying a maximum flame-burn speed. Is this space race okay with the flame engines and you, Stoker?” He views Stoker. Eartha and Purry sit down and web into the cushion. Hero understands human language but does not comprehend the new flight path flying ass-backwards, parking its metal body in front of the side wall. It lands on the floor and applies its suction cups onto the stone for the silly human race using an expensive and powerful warship.
Stoker sits down and webs into the seat looking up, monitoring the hologram console. He stated, “Yes, Leer! The newest warship is designed for superspeed, crashing through semi-hard objects, and surviving solar flames. The ship is ready. But I would not race too closely near a star or a planet. Each star contains a massive gravity well that’ll pull us into their orbit wasting time. However, we’ll get free but lose the race.”
He laughed. “I heard that one!”
A hologram appears and displays the math number of ten. The crew members start counting out loud for fund. “Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Zero.” The hologram disappears and is replace with the Mist Cloud displaying in miniature fashion the southern end of the Solar System in glittering white and yellow ice particles.
Leer reaches out and touches the edge of the cloud. The Mist Cloud expanses showing all the fling objects within one million miles of outer space glowing in colorful gas clouds, planets, twinkling stars, cloud vapors, shooting stars, flying comes and a few twisting asteroids.
Hero continues to hover in the air waves facing the rear wall, finding each celestial object within the Solar System and then narrates its purpose. The robot enjoys annoying the humans, who do not listen, only yell at each other. It stated. “Uoo! We are flying away from the fixed yellow tinted dwarf star or the common name, the Solar Sun. The Solar Sun is composed of heavy surface temperatures and heavy solid compounds of aluminum, iron, nickel, and titanium. Ah! I see Florence 3122. The flying asteroid drags behind two moons. When a flying object possesses two moons, it is called moon-moon.” The crew members laugh at the silly robot.
Hero continued. “There are 16,400 flying asteroids traveling around Planet Earth. Florence 3122 is 02.80 miles in size. Florence asteroid was discovered in the month of June, from the year 2009. Each moon-moon is 1,000 feet across. The inner moon-moon revolve every eight hours, Earth time. The second moon-moon is the outer moon-moon and spins around the asteroid every 27 hours, Earth time. The asteroid is round and contains one big crater as the asteroid orbit around the Solar Sun every 2.4 hours. A moon or asteroid or planet crater is a direct collusion with another asteroid or meteorite during the formation stage.” The crew members chuckle at the silly robot.
Stoker laughed. “That makes me dizzy just thinking about it!” He laughs with the crew members.
Hero continues its science lesson as Leer races his warship with Tean avoiding the planets, hitting pockets of space particles, and colorful gas clouds. It stated. “Uoo! We are leaving behind Mars entering the Main Asteroid Belt, heading towards Jupiter. The Main Asteroid Belt is made of thousands and thousands of rocky asteroids ranging in size from tiny to extra-large.” The crew members laugh at the robot.
Chip said, “The Main Asteroid Belt is the debris trash field from the Big Bang explosion billions of years ago.” He laughs with his crew mates.
Hero continued. “Uoo! We are almost leaving the Main Asteroid Belt. Anyways, an asteroid does not collide and then form an extra-large planet due to the pull and push from the gravitation field around Planet Jupiter. Ah! We are approaching Jupiter. When an asteroid collides with another asteroid, sending it into a new orbit, it becomes a twirling and whirling and flying meteorite. The newly formed flying meteorite sails through the outer space waves and sometimes, lands down on Planet Earth. This heavenly event is called a shooting star.”
“Damn!” Leer screamed with alarm. The ship swiftly rotates sideways but flies ahead without incident. The crew tilts sideways inside their assigned cushion seat along with the ship then uprights presenting a smile of delight from the fun outer space race. Leer said. “Solar winds blow outwards.”
“A star blows faster.” Hero commented. The other life form chuckle at the funny comment.
“Right toe” Leer smiled.
“Uoo! I see a shooting star!” Stoker stated. His finger follows a true falling meteorite hitting down on Jupiter and as he laughs with his crew mates but Leer.
Leer sneered, “Shut it Stoker!”
“I see another shooting star,” Chip laughed. His finger follows a second true falling meteorite hitting down on Planet Mars.
“Shut it, Chip!” Leer sneered.
“I see a third shooting star,” Purry stated. Her eyeballs follow the third falling meteorite hitting down on Planet Eartha. She smiles as Leer does not reprimand her actions.
Hero stated. “Hydrogen elements come together and form ice including water ice, frozen methane ice, and frozen ammonia ice. A cloud of gas contains 98 percent hydrogen and helium elements which are light and airy, so you can fly your warship through.”
On top of the pink tinted cushion, without a glowing pink-tinted hologram console. Eartha had activated the console during the vicious fight with the Rock Solider on the exoplanet. Purry returned and then slammed it back into the floor. Purry studies the new Mist cloud and smiles pointing at the new star. She asked, “What’s that?”
Hero does not possess limbs or eyeballs but sensors for movement, sound, touch, and taste. It stated. “That, my new rocky friend, is a slow-dying remnant of a burnt-out star, which is slowly cooling, without its internal heat becoming piece of solid crystal. When a sun-like star’s gaseous core uses all its fuel, the star becomes a dense white dwarf star and continues to cool its heated temperatures over billions of years finally becoming a solid crystal, without live. The scientific analyze is similar, when a gaseous vapor turns into a liquid water and then solid ice cube as the air temperature drops.”

At 07:43:43 hours/minutes/seconds, both Leer’s Moth warship and Tean’s Moth warship steer in a southern direction, within the Solar System, swiftly racing ahead at the speed of 1,400,000,000,000 miles-per-hour through outer space field, zipping around each flying object.
Hero stated. “Flying through a green and pink gaseous nebula.”
Darsha’s Moth warship is heading the opposite direction towards the location of the other rock art piece without knowledge of the deathly space race between her two employed Outlaw males. And not one member of Leer’s or Tean’s crew is going to tattle to the Outlaw leader Darsha either. Every human wants the first Outlaw mission to end returning the borrowed warship, collecting their rewards, and then heading home for the seafood supper meal on Planet Neptune, before the end of the night, Neptune time, of course.
The two ships slam into individual wide and long dense clouds of colorful gases and space dust trailing misty particles through space and time, passing two colliding galaxies that display a ghostly face in bright white hue and lies trillions of miles from the Solar System and the two warships.
Hero stated. “Flying through a huge lobe of material. I believe that is a planetary nebula. The planetary nebula’s glow is both the life and the death of a star, a current hot, white tinted dwarf star. The star glows in red hue of hydrogen; orange hue of oxygen; blue hue of helium, yellow hue of sulfur and green hue of nitrogen minerals.”
The Moth warship is piloted by Finger Pilot Leer and flies sideways missing a rotating star then glides around the planet slamming into a wall of pink and red tinted gas clouds.
Eartha frowns at the unfamiliar sight within the Mist Cloud. She asked, “Where are we located?”
“We’re ahead of Tean.” Leer laughed.
“Who cares?” Stoker stated. He smiles and monitors the flame-burn engines watching for an overheated pit that could create a fire destroying the ship and crew. The Moth is not designed with escape pods, only F-bombs, a Birdie and a Beetle starship, if a crew member dares to flee a burning ship.
“Why do the outer space molecules turn into red hue?” Purry frowned at the Mist Cloud.
Hero answered. “We perturbed a planetary cluster of gases and dust. The outer region is reddish hue coming from the light element of hydrogen.”
Eartha frowned, “Why is the space colored in blue and green now?”
Hero narrated. “The Moth is cruising at the highest possible flame speed and has perturbed an ionized oxygen field of emission lines.”
She frowned. “Are they dangerous to me?”
“Only if you wanna go out for a spacewalk,” Stoker laughed. “But I would not recommend it.” He chuckles again along with his other ship mates.
Leer gasps in shock then slows the speed on the Moth. He asked, “What in the hell is this?”
Hero narrated. “The Moth has collided into a thick knot of heated gases blocking all visual object.”
He said. “I can’t see. I’m blind as an Earth bat. Does anyone see Tean’s ship among the foggy field?”
Stoker continues to perform his paid job as a flame-engine stoker monitoring the screens, adjusting the fireballs while pumping energy into the machines.
Purry continues to sit in silence while occasional leaning sideways from Leer’s dangerous flying. She does not perform a function as a crew member but enjoys the speed of the warship, watching the entertaining humans, and admiring the beautiful objects within the vast Solar System.
Eartha is webbed on top of her assigned cushion and smiles at the Mist Cloud, slightly shuffling her body sideways, when the ship jerks and then jolts around each celestial object, without crashing into the heavenly body, and killing everyone on board. Her hairy bone skull slowly shifts around to each stone-coated wall that magically displays the Mist Cloud. The Mist Cloud is a snap shot of the Solar System living between the smooth, translucent stone walls including the ceiling portion within the bridge room.
The Jellyfish Galaxy appears in front of the Mist Cloud and is shaped as a spiral formation the physical size even the Milky Way Galaxy. It lies 340 million miles from Planet Earth displaying a unique gigantic tail of hot blue tinted gas streams trailing behind the galaxy formation like the long tendrils on a jellyfish.
A jellyfish was a sea mammal living on Planet Earth swimming happily in the Earth oceans, until the nasty pollution contaminated and poisoned all the seas and murdered all the aquatic life forms. Eartha learned the native life form from picture books as a young child inside an Earth school, before her biological family left Planet Earth living on Planet Jupiter.
The Jellyfish Galaxy displays a long blue-tinted, ribbon-like tail dangling from its disc, extending across 260,000 light years space or 1,560,000,000,000,000,000 miles within the glittering rich, black tinted outer space waves.
In the middle of the galaxy, thousands of stars blink or glow in young, blue hues or bright hot reds or tiny pale pinks or tiny orange tones as the galaxy continues to spin around outer space.
Purry sits on top of her pink tinted cushion and internally heals some of her sore rock bones from the vicious dangerous fight with that tall, nasty, trained Rock Soldier while sweety smiling at the Mist Cloud that quickly changes its colors and its objects during the dangerous space race with Leer and Tean.
Ambassador Chip is absent from the bridge room currently healing his injured, after multiple surgical operations by the Health medical machine, in the Health Ward location. He continues to rest and recover missing the fun space race between an arrogant Tean and an annoying Leer.
Stoker sits at his station without a string of silly words or a happy facial expression closely monitoring all the screens for any problems during the deadly space race. One wrong finger pad motion by pilot Leer and then the warship and all of her crew are dead from a beautiful fireball. Then each floating spirit will enter the heavenly realm.
The ship rips through bubbles of red and green gases. Leer sits on the cushion with a smile and as his eyeballs see each obstacle. His mind quickly reacts and glides his finger pad around the obstacle. He shouted. “I see. Thanks for looking, ya’ll!” He laughs. His warship is slightly ahead of Tean’s ship, where the Mist Cloud shows two soaring pink tinted dots.
Leer does not understand the ship’s navigational computer systems, but his friend Tean has easily learned his way around the newest warship. Thus, Leer’s guts are correct. After the ending the first Outlaw mission, Tean and Boodle will resign from their outlaw job and command a warship exploding the Solar System. That’s not Leer’s dream. He is happy returning back to the Great Dark Spot and maybe taking over Darsha’s post. Darsha has verbally hinted to much that she plans to retire from her day job, after receiving her award, a bag of bits.
Leer will accept her job and her title running the Outlaw branch on Neptune. The next step is finding a pretty wife and then producing a baby. His parents will be thrilled on both accounts. He was interested in co-worker Outlaw Eartha. She was a pretty female, a few days ago. Now, she is really acting ugly in both attitude and form, even with that glowing red tinted cold sore on her lip that blazes in bright hue when she is mad and upset at Leer and the other crew members. But Eartha used her smart brains and saved Leer’s life on the exoplanet against the Rock Soldier.
Leer thought he was going to die and end his life form battling a better warrior, but he prevailed with the help from his crew members…his new friends.
He smiles at his nice future and continues to shuffle his finger pad around another object without crashing and then murdering his new friends, even including the annoying robot.
Hero stated. “The Sun, all the planets, all the moons, all the comets, and all the asteroid formed 100 million years ago. Isn’t that nice?” The robot slides down and lies on top of the floor against the curved wall narrating each object into the eardrums on every crew member sharing its entertainment value while annoying each human. It stated, “A star is a celestial body with a luminous spheroid of plasma held together by its own gravity field. The birth of a star is called a proto-star which develops into a star then slowly decays into a red giant star and then a supernova and slowly dies into a giant white dwarf star and is finally sucked into a wormhole…”
“A wormhole!” Eartha yelled. She turns and sneers at the robot. “There ain’t no such thing as a wormhole object within our universe, Zero. And we all had this discussion thread two hours ago, when we encountered the loud wailing call of a black hole millions of miles above the Solar Sun.”
The robot, looking like an upright, yellow-tinted skateboard pattern, studies the Mist Cloud. It announced, “O! I meant to say, a black hole. A black hole eats all the useful and useless objects in the galaxy and then slowly kills the galaxy into nothingness.”
Eartha returns and stares with a sour frown at the Mist Cloud. She yelled back, “Something in there is wrong with your metal circuits, Zero! You need a tune-up or maybe some computer replacement parts. You should leave the bridge and go and see Doc…”
“…and check on our friend Chip while in there too as I swiftly fly to the next target point,” Leer stated. He sneers but does not command an order but strongly suggests as the robot is annoying every pair of eardrums.
Hero ignores Leer and continues its duty monitoring the healthy humans, continuing its outer space lecture. It stated, “A stellar nebula is comprised of light or heavy gases and tons of space dust in vivid colors. O! I see the Tarantula Nebula within the Large Magellanic Cloud that lies outside of the Milky Way Galaxy and displays on the right-side within the Mist Cloud. Does everyone see that magnificent creation? The Tarantula Nebula was discovered by earthling Nicolas-Louis de Lacaille in the year 1751 A.D., which is Earth time, of course. The nebula displays an array of brilliant stars of hot pinks, soft pinks, bright blues, yellow, orange, green and brown gases from hydrogen elements, where all the stars are getting birthed. Isn’t this all exciting, humans? The Tarantula Nebula lies 160,000 light years from Planet Earth. One light year of travel time equals six trillion miles within outer space. So, the Tarantula Nebula lies 960,000,000,000,000,000 miles from Planet Earth. Wow! That’s a lot of zeros there!”
“Shut it, Zero!” Leer sneered.
The robot continued. “The Egg Nebula is 3,000 light years from the Milky Way Galaxy. The nebula was found in the year 1975 A.D. Earth time, by earthling scientist Fritz Zwicky. The center of the nebula contains a star which is hidden by a dense layer of gas and dust. The blue light illuminates the outer edges creating bright arcs and circles forming an oval shape, thus an egg.” The warship whips through more colorful gases trailing dust particles in purple, green and white. Hero stated. “Ooo! We are leaving alone and unperturbed the colorful and long Rings of Saturn. The Rings of Saturn are comprised of once stray asteroid particles that were torn apart by gravity than stuck to the space within Planet Saturn. A planet and its moons assembly independently, at the same time, from the same space sight and the same space dust particles.
“Ah! We are approaching Planet Uranus as it occupies the southern portion of the Solar System this particular season. The strange tilt pose on its axis was caused by a large asteroid impaction event. Now, we are not approaching Planet Neptune. Neptune lies in the northwestern hemisphere within the Solar System, this particular solar season. The terrestrial planets include Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars. Each planet is dense, small world composed of two percent of heavy elements. The Jovian planets are formed from ice flakes and rocks and metal flakes. Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune, and Uranus are these planets. Each core contains hydrogen and helium gaseous elements and a thick surface atmosphere.
“Only a rocky surface can survive the harsh solar sun rays like Planets Mercury and Venus. The bright and heated rays did not reach beyond Planet Mars. Thus, a colder planet forms ice flakes on each ice planet, hence the name ice planet.” The crew member chuckle at the silly robot.
Hero stated, “Uoo! We are approaching Pluto. There are 200 known moons within the Solar System. Planets Mercury and Venus do not feature a moon. But Planets Jupiter and Saturn hog all the moons. Planet Pluto has five moons that make the world wobble.”
“Did you feel Pluto wobble below your feet, Leer?” Stoker asked.
“No.” Leer answered.
“Purry, does your planet wobble from the five moons?” He asked.
Purry stated, “No.”
Stoker laughed. “You’re wrong, Rob the robot!” He laughs with the human crew members.
Eartha laughed. “Purry, do you want Leer to drop you off at Pluto? Ask now!”
Purry replied, “No! I wanna destroy Taradiddle.’
“Okay, folks! That’s her final Jeopardy answer!” Eartha laughed.
“What!” Stoker grinned.
Hero stated. “Our Solar System includes the Sun, al the planets consisting of Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto, dozens of moons, millions of asteroids…”
“Do you hear it?” Eartha laughed. “When you insult the machine, it is repeating our flight path.”
Stoker smiled. “History always repeats itself!”
She stated, “What!” She turns and frowns at Stoker.
“An Eartha expression.” He laughed with the others but a snarling Eartha.
Leer stated. “Orbits repeat themselves.” He chuckles with the other but a sneering Eartha.
Hero stated. “The farther you travel, inside an outer space starship, away from the fixed Solar Sun, passing the coldest planet of them all, the Kuiper Belt introduces the coldest region, within the Solar System. The cold region keeps the growth size below a few miles.”
Stoker stated. “Thus, they’re still dirty and smaller snowballs.” He laughs with the others.
Hero continued. “However, the boundary pattern from the Solar Sun compasses all the named celestial bodies. When the Solar Sun’s gravitational influence ends, a starship will float out into…”
“…hell, no…” Leer yelled. The nose grill metal panels on the Moth slams into a tight group of solid ice balls turning into three high plumes of steamy water. He lifts his finger in the air. The Moth warship halts with a smooth jolt. The crew members start to tumble off their assigned cushion seat but balance a sitting body. Each one stares into the Mist cloud.

At 08:52:52 hours/minutes/seconds, the metal panels on the Moth slams into icy balls turning into steams of water. Tean’s warship halts first hovering in front of a thick wall comprised of glittering short lumps, smooth bumps, and tall mountains of shiny white tinted ice chunks.
Leer gasps in shock and then stops his ship. Tean’s face appears on the bridge floor. Leer points at his friend and laughs out loud. He stated, “You’re late, buddy! We got…”
“…here on time, before you arrived at the wall. We win.” Tean laughed.
Leer winked to Tean. “Well, we’ll settle then saddle the winner after getting and destroying the rock piece.”
“Well, I don’t know if we can do this thing, buddy.”
Leer frowned, “What! Why not?”
Tean frowned. “The Oort Cloud is very, very thick, thick with tall, tall mountains of sold ice. I’m going illegally blind from the bright twinkles and glittering stars,” he laughs. “Those are not snow balls. Honestly, I don’t know what a snowball looks like either, but it sounds good,” he laughs. “My warship is tough but not against a galactic Mother Nature. This session has ended. Let’s turn around and head back to the Saturn and take our reward.”
“No! There are two rock soldiers out there still.” Purry stated. She stands and argues with Tean.
Tean cannot see Purry as the hologram image faces in one direction on the pilot of the other ship. He sneered, “Rock Girl, you need to open up your pair of rock-coated ears! The man-made ships can’t bust through or over an ice cap without damaging my ship and killing all of us for a piece of rock. That rock solider is hidden, asleep, and safe from us.”
Hero continues to stand on the floor and does not lean against the curved wall. It asked, “Do we plan to head into the Oort Cloud. Does everyone and everything understand that?”
Leer exhales with worry nodding to the questions. He stated, “Yes, we do, Zero. The Oort Cloud is a ring of icy snowballs. We’re swiftly traveling faster than the speed of sound to the last rock art piece which will end our first and last outer space Outlaw mission. Then all return this ship and go back home to Neptune.”
Tean’s voice stated. “The Kuiper Belt is a disc region of snowballs.”
He explained, “The debris pieces are jostled out from the Oort cloud and fall down towards the fixed Solar Sun melting the ice cubes becoming a flying and twisting comet of life with sound and sight and motion.”
“Leer loves comets!” Eartha laughed.
“Is that an important question, Hero?” Purry asked the robot.
“Yes, it is an important question. Thank you for inquiring, Purry.” Hero stated. “The Oort Cloud is a spherical layer of icy objects like a high and wide, thick walled bubble made of trillions of debris pieces ranging in the size of Earth-type mountains. The cloud owns its magnetic field and gravity force too. The inner ring measures 4,650,000,000,000,000 miles away from the fixed Solar Sun position extending into the deep of outer space to 9,300,000,000,000,000 miles. The Oort Cloud was discovered in the year 1950 by Earth scientist Jan Oort. The Oort Cloud is a comet reservoir, where long-period comets live and take 200 Earth years to orbit around the Solar Sun.”
Tean said. “Well, it’s going to take us 200 Earth years to reach the last two exoplanets through layers of high and low thick solid sheets and long pods of ice snow balls.”
Leer exhales with frustration. He is close to finishing his Outlaw assignment. Then he can go home to the Pond. He asked to Tean, “Can we call an ice-breaker outer space starship out here?”
Chip turns and frowns at Leer. He asked, “Does an ice-breaker outer space starship really exist?”
Eartha swings her cushion seat side to side. She stated, “Yes, those big-ass megaships are two miles long or over 5,000 feet in length and one mile wide or almost 3,000 feet across. Those big-ass megaships number three and are both housed on the moons of Saturn.”
Leer claps with a smile. He said. “Let’s call one out here!”
Eartha said. “That big-ass megaship will take three months or more to reach the outer limits of the Solar System parking beside us here.”
He gasps in shock. Leer yelled, “What! Why’s that, Eartha? Space craft run on flame-burn engines. Flame-burn burns fire, not fuel, and can go forwards or backwards or sideways, foreverly.”
“Yes, you are correct, Leer. A megaship does run on flame-burn magic but does not travel at 500,000,000 miles-per-hour like a small Birdie or Beetle or Moth. They move at 10,000 miles-per-hour or slower speed due to gravitational pull within the Solar System on larger objects. A megaship is a man-made object, not a cloud of space dust, Leer.”
Leer stated. “Right toe!”
“Wrong toe,” Tean frowned.
He exhales with frustration. The Outlaw mission is done and must end here. He softly stated, “Well, I guess way out here that Rock Soldier can’t do much harm.”
“Way wrong!” Purry stated. She spins around and frowns at Leer, holding one rock-coated finger then slaps her rock-coated chest. She nods, “You saw the destructive powers of one Rock Soldier on me, on Chip, on Leer, on starship Planet X. One Rock Soldier needs to leave the planet and then find Taradiddle. Then the two can rule the worlds, the Solar System, the Milky Way Galaxy and beyond.”
Leer rubs his aching neck muscles. “Well, the one Rock Soldier must fight and kill all the humans first then find a flying rocket space second and then fly off the ice exoplanet third and then sail through the Oort Cloud fourth. Then survive all of that fifth and then finally needs to find Taradiddle last, before any evil master or mistress can rule the worlds.”
Tean laughed, “Way right!”
“Resonance!” Boodle’s voice shouted. Her face appears in pink tint besides Tean. She smiled.
Leer shouted. “What!”
“Resonance is the outer space concept of punched holes, without matter, space dust, gas clouds, planets, stars, asteroids, comets, between two or more solid objects. A resonance orbit is both stable and only exists within the Oort Cloud.”
Tean said, “My girl is right.”
“Resonance!” She laughed. “We find all the resonance holey fields within the Oort Cloud first. Then we safely fly through empty, cold space stable field taking us to the last two exoplanets holding a lonely art piece. We destroy the art piece. Then we be done! And we can go to our new home.”
Eartha yelled, “What!” She gasps in shock. “What did you just say, Boodle?”
Leer smiled. “Right toe! Where are the stable resonance orbits located? Gimme me some numbers or plot points! And get off the bridge floor, ya’ll, I can’t use the Mist Cloud. Let’s finish our Outlaw business!” He waves both of his hands without affecting the two hologram images.
“Hmm!” Boodle sung. She stares at Leer as her frown is not present within the hologram image, “You tell him, Tean!”
Tean stated, “No, Miss Solar System! This is your brilliant idea and your awesome find. You tell him, Boodle!”
Leer drops both of his arms slapping his legs and stares at Tean then Boodle. He stated, “Tell me what!”
She said. “The resonance stable orbits are behind an orbiting Neptune.”
“What!” Leer yelled. He spins around and faces the rear wall seeing Neptune. The planet has just completed the rotation around the fixed Solar Sun and is located billions of miles away from the Moth warship within the northwestern corner of the Solar System. He tosses both of his arms in the air hanging there. “That’s! That’s! That’s going backwards. We just came from there.”
Tean smiled, “Now, we know to go back there!”
“But…but…but the exoplanet is right here behind that wall of ice.”
“That we can’t reach or touch or tug or tear or toss sideways, upwards or downwards. This is the only plan we got working, right now, buddy!” Tean nodded.
Leer spins around and smiles at Tean. He stated. “Then we call it a day and call another Outlaw team to work it tomorrow. The work is off our own home world. We go home, eat supper, and sleep. Then go and tell Darsha to select another Outlaw team, who can ride through the resonance stable orbits, locate the two exoplanets and then destroy the two art pieces. The end of it all!”
Purry yelled, “No.”
“No!” Eartha screamed.
“No!” Team shouted.
Boodle screamed, “No!”
“Majority wins!” Stoker laughed. He tosses both of his metal arms in the air then gently touches his metal legs, without a ringing tone, sitting down on top of the cushion seat, monitoring the hologram screens. However, his implanted eyeballs and eardrums are active to the human conversation.
Leer stated, “Minority rules!” He slaps his chest and nods to the life forms. “I am the boss man here. I have decided. If we must fly into the backyard of Neptune, then we end our assignment. Tomorrow is another day!” He laughs alone.
Tean stated, “We can’t wait until tomorrow. Tomorrow is too late. We must complete the assignment now. Else we miss out on the prize.”
He frowned. “What prize?”
Eartha nods her curls to Leer. She stated, “The grand prize for destroying all the art pieces. Darsha told us there is a grand prize waiting for the winner.”
Boodle said, “We are the winners here. There are only two more targets to shoot. Then we all win the grand prize.”
Leer frowns pondering their words. Darsha has make a secretively private arrangement with the other Outlaws or the Outlaw Office, that he does not involve his person. Anyways, he has attained much from his working job and he possesses numerous personal assets from his wealthy parents, unlike his friends. He exhales with frustration and wipes the sweat balls off his face dropping both of his dirty palms down onto his dirty walking shorts. He nods several times wearing a fake smile. “Right toe! We spin around and fly back to Neptune finding these resonance stable orbits. Then we find go together and find each exoplanet and then destroy the last two sleeping rock soldiers.” He cheers and claps with the crew members but a sneering Eartha.
Eartha screamed through the noise. “What about Taradiddle?” The claps and cheers cease.
“What about Taradiddle, Eartha?” Stoker asked.
She pointed to the wall, “He is still out there…”
“…all alone, lonely, scared, penniless, homeless, hungry, angry, sad, and mad at the universe. We leave him be! He’ll die on his own without food or humans or flesh or bones or blood or something.” Leer laughed with the other crew members but a snarling Eartha.
Eartha sneered, “I am…”
“…outta of here, ya’ll! Race you back home, buddy!” Tean stated. Then the two hologram faces vanish off the bridge floor.
The Mist Cloud returns and presents outer space environment on all the curved walls. The Oort Cloud formation twinkles on the front wall and one side wall. The other side wall displays an enlarged Moth warship in pink hue. The rear wall displays all the planets and the yellow tinted Solar Sun between all the flying asteroids and comets. Then the warship slowly flies ass-backwards away from Leer then spins around soaring into the black tinted outer space waves. Within seconds, the ship becomes a tiny dot of white light.
Leer exhales with annoyance. He is ready to go home wasting the afternoon hours on Neptune, taking a long nap, after a warm lunch meal and then wasting the evening hours. Instead, he must complete his Outlaw assignment. Then his Outlaw friends will receive their grand prize. He cannot fathom the prize, maybe millions of bits or a new Outlaw post or a Fire Star trophy. Based on the newest dangerous Outlaw assignment, each Outlaw should receive a Fire Star trophy and all the gifted financial and material asset awards for the rest of their days and nights retiring until their death day. He feels that his death…naw…day is coming up too.
Leer spins around and sits down wearing a bright smile. He ordered. “Every person, please, calm down, sit down or stand up! We’re going back to Neptune. Well, the back yard of Neptune and finish our Outlaw assignment today. The time on Neptune is nine o’clock, that still late morning hours, before lunch meal rush. Then we’re going home for a long permanent vacation.” He reaches out towards the Mist Cloud.
Stoker laughed. “I heard that right!”
Leer touches the black tinted dot on a dead Pluto first. Then he will jump off each planet’s symbol within the Mist Cloud trying to catch Tean’s ship. He laughs, when the ship swiftly soars ahead. The crew members shout with glee plus a little fright riding the fast-moving flight.

At 08:18:18 hours/minutes/seconds, Leer sails billions of miles away from the southern hemisphere, before the Kuiper Belt, grabbing a wide breath from the normal solar winds and the abnormal supersonic winds, arriving in the backyard or behind the azure blue tinted ball of Planet Neptune, without fighting the winds. One pink tinted warship is parked and stares into the white tinted sphere designating Kuiper Belt.
Tean’s voice ordered to Pilot Leer onto Leer’s bridge floor. “Pull behind my ship, not beside me! Boodle is going to present a scientific lecture on resonance…”
“A re…”
“…son of bitch! He is not talking with you, but me, Zero!” Leer sneered at the busybody robot.
The voice from Boodle lectured without the hologram face onto Leer’s bridge room. “The gravity field on Jupiter dominates the Main Asteroid Belt affecting its structure and occasionally kicking asteroids and planetoids into the inner Solar System. Neptune does the same thing.
“The gravity field on Neptune dominates the Kuiper Belt affecting its structure and occasionally kicking ice cubes into the outer Solar System, we call comets. Those comets become extremely long and hold a longer orbital period. When the comets vacate the spot, it creates a gap or an empty region, where the gap orbits in Neptune. Well, it does not orbit around Neptune like a moon, instead they orbit the Sun and stay away from Neptune. The resonance gaps are 1:2; 2:3, and 3:4 with Neptune, meaning the gap completes one orbit around the Sun for every two orbits completed by Neptune. A 2:3 resonance, the gap completes one orbit around the Sun for every three orbits completed by Neptune. A 3:4 resonance, the gap completes three orbits around the Sun for every four orbits completed by Neptune. Basically, the resonance gap of empty space keeps objects or warships from running into an orbiting Neptune. So, we can fly through the Kuiper Belt without slamming into a mountain of ice and getting squashed like a bug.” Her voice ordered. “Hero, change the Mist Cloud and highlight all the gaps, in red hue, within the Kuiper Belt.” The Mist Cloud vanishes then reappears displaying a white thick misty fog containing gray to pale dark shadows ranging from tiny upwards into tall into extra-large solid objects. Each object is spinning and flipping around its own gravity spot.
Boodle stated, “The Kuiper Belt or The Keep is known to the hard-core space travelers that delivery merchandise here is a circular disc, on the outer limits of the Solar System.”
“So, here we are! That’s for the verbal location finder,” Eartha injected.
“The Keep starts far away from the orbit of Planet Neptune heading around towards the fixed Solar Sun in a circle at a mathematical distance of 2,790,000,000 space miles extending to 5,115,000,000 outer space miles and then beyond into real outer space. The Keep is similar to the Main Asteroid Belt, but is much, much wider, 200 times wider. The Main Asteroid Belt is comprised of rocks and metals on each asteroid. The Kuiper Belt objects are ice cubes ranging from a hand-held pebble of ice to a massive mountain, which is 62 miles in length. The objects are made of methane or ammonia and frozen water.
“Now, the Kuiper Belt is not the home of comets or unfrozen ice cubes with gaseous tails. The home of comets is a dynamically active disc zone, ironically created by the outward motion of Planet Neptune, 4.5 billion years ago. Some of the wandering comets possess extremely eccentric orbits as far as 9,300,000,000 outer space miles away from the fixed Solar Sun.
The Kuiper Belt is stable and comprises the Oort Cloud, the comet disc zone, and three of the largest objects. The three largest objects are…”
“…peanut butter and jelly!” Eartha shouted over Boodle’s voice. “We need this celestial information. Move to the better stuff! My feet are getting hot,” she laughs.
“Pluto, Haumea, and Makemake are the three biggest objects within the Kuiper Belt.
Eartha said with a sour frown. “The outer region of the Solar System, beyond the orbits of the planets, possesses many, many, many billions of small bodies of something. Over time, the small body of something wanders far, far away from its own little cubby hole and appears as a new visitor to the inner region of the Solar System. We know the fairy tale. Tell us the demon tail, Boo!” She laughs alone and lonely.
The voice of Boodle laughed. “Now, this is a very important part. The Kuiper Belt was discovered by an earthling scientist, named Gerard Kuiper, in the year 1992 A.D. Back then, it was thought to be a marker for the end of the Solar System. Even in the year 2199, the Kuiper Belt is still considered the edge of the Solar System, where free, cold, dark tinted outer space waves reside. This lecture is really important here, because the edge of the Solar System gives up the protective Sun’s gravitational pull or influence or effect on its orbiting babies. Within the Kuiper Belt, the Kuiper Cliff stands as last physical icy object that reaches out and touches the fixed Solar Sun’s gravity field. The Kuiper Cliff is precisely located at 4,445,400,000 miles at the edge of the Solar System.”
“So, if you go beyond the edge of the Solar System, an object or warship falls offs the edge of the galaxy. Thus, the Boogie Man exists.” Stoker laughed along with the others.
Boodle’s voice stated, “The very, very important news here, Farout Planet is located before the Kuiper Cliff at a distance of 4,445,400,000 space miles from the beginning of the Kuiper Belt.”
Eartha gasps in shock. She expressed, “Are you actually tattle-tailing that a non-frozen, pale-face human lives out there?”
“A colony of humans live, work, thrive and survive out there,” Hero stated.
Leer asked, “What about The Goblin? That’s my original planetoid or star or thing.”
Hero stated, “The Goblin is also located before the Kuiper Cliff at 3,720,000,000 mile maker of outer space miles.”
“So, this Outlaw mission has been a survival assignment. Whoever does not wanna go to the edge of the galaxy, get off the ship right now?” Tean announced. He laughs. “No joke! If you do not want to go to the edge of the galaxy, then you can leave this mission.” The room is silence. He laughs again. “We have our answer, sir! Let’s go and get the last two art pieces and tear them up,” he chuckles again.
Eartha asked. “What about the other 100 million small bodies of something larger than an ice cube? Are you afraid of ramming into ship into a 62 mile wide non-stationary rotating and spinning and flying object?”
“Eartha was playing with her toe lent, not listening to the excellent science lecture from smarter and prettier Outlaw Boodle.  The resonance gap is am empty space, like your head space, Eartha. We do not run into anything but outer space molecules.” Stoker explained. He laughs along with the others, but Eartha.
Boodle reprimanded. “Quiet down! Fun time is over! I have highlighted in yellow hue a direct flight path to the first planetoid holding the next art piece. The planetoid is named Far Out.” The Mist Cloud reduces displaying a cool section of the extremely side Kuiper Belt. Each object is tiny to extra-extra, large and does not twinkle from the lack of sunlight. Boodle stated. “You can see the pattern is not a straight line from Point A to Point B.”
Eartha laughed, “The highlighted resonance flight path appears more like a parallelogram or a puzzle or a piece of sh…”
“Shut it, Eartha!” Leer screamed.
Boodle continued. “We are quite lucky. The 3:4 resonance mean-motion starts the empty space in our backyard at 2,790,000,000 space miles away from Neptune, which is the start of the Kuiper Belt driving into the 2:3 mean-motion resonance at 3,673,500,000 space miles flying through the final 1:2 mean-motion at starting at 4,529,100,000 space miles.”
Stoker raises his palm and wears a stern face. He expressed. “Excuse me! A mean is an average two solids numbers.”
Boodle continued, “That’s correct, Stoker! You get first prize. The resonance is not a fixed object like a parked warship. The resonance will shift to the right or the left within its assigned field using motion. Thus, we must fly and hit each empty space for safety. Else, we get smashed like a bug on a rug.”
Eartha laughed, “We got smashed like a bug on a windshield, suck like, an ice mountain windshield.”
Boodle’s voice explained. “So, Hero is are pilot each warship.”
“What?” Leer gasped in shock. He stands upright from the chair and shakes his shoulder-length hair strands.
“You need a new job, now, Finger Pilot Leer.” Eartha laughed.
Boodle continued. “Between mile markers 3,255,000,000 and 5,115,000,000, there is an active comet disc zone, which should provide a spectacular skyline during our daring flight. This is one of many reasons for only the robot interaction with the soaring warship. The robot will react faster than a finger pad.” Boodle laughs along with the others.
Eartha gasps in shock then stands pointing at Leer. She sneered, “You mean this entire outer space adventure, the robot could have been flying the warship faster, better, safer…”
“No!” Boodle said. “You’re missing the point of my lecture and our mission. A human is…”
“Forget her, Boodle!” Purry sounded. “Continue your mission plan, Boo.”
Boodle stated. “Well, that’s it! The computer has outlined all the resonance mean-motions of empty space in red hue for danger,” she laughs alone then clears her throat. “Our Hero will lead our ship first. Leer’s Hero will follow behind. Thus, this follow the leader method will ensure that one ship makes it through the resonance field and to the two planetoids. Are there any questions. Good! Everyone, please, come and sit down and web into your cushion! Hero is taking over the flying. Tean will signal the start. Leer, please, immediately follow behind Tean’s tail end staying at five million miles away. That’ll ensure that each flying warship is both safe and flexible in case of an emergency.”
“Emergency!” Eartha shouted.
“Shut it, Eartha!” Leer yelled.
Boodle said. “O! I forget the best part!”
“I can’t believe. Is there actually a best part or party or person?” Eartha laughed.
Boodle continued, “The entire resonance gap trip will take over three minutes.”
Stoker stated, “Three! Three minutes as in human and computer time period! We’re covering from start to finish at almost five billion miles…”
“…at 1,400,000,000 miles or faster per hour, the robots are faster than the human eye.” Also, the resonance field likes to fling an object in the direction of its motion. We will be heading further southernly, so each resonance field will fling us faster in a southern direction to the next resonance field. Thus, you must web into your cushion or roll over the stone floor during the trip. And robots can control the flame-burn faster through the faster speed. We will land in front of Farout planetoid first.”
Leer frowned, “But the Goblin’s mile marker is closer on the flight path…”
“…and on the other side of the Kuiper Belt. The computer has determined and decided that a semi-crook linear flight path in one southern direction to the first object and then spins around performing another semi-crooked linear flight path in one northern direction flow rather than stop first then start again and then stop a second time and then start a second time. Left toe!” She laughed. “We are ready! Leer, please, watch the tail end of our warship. Good luck! Bye!” She disconnects the communication link.
Leer gasps in shock sitting down on top of the cushion, kicking the controls on the bottom hemline. A massive curved back rest with a proper head rest slowly emerges from the rear end of the seat then clicks into place. Leer leans into the back rest protecting his back spine then wiggles his rear hairy bone skull into the carved, soft head rest protecting his neck muscles. His legs are bend at the kneecaps sitting upright. His naked feet are cushioned into a separate compartment for both protection and safety. Then a white tinted web net slowly expands from the sides of the chair covering his body in satin fabric securing his delicate humanness into the flight seat. The rest of the crew members do not need a verbal word or a hand gesture from Leer. Each one has copied Leer’s silent movements and are safely webbed with the satin fabric netting into their individually colored cushion chair also.
Hero slams down on the floor then rolls ahead stopping beside Leer and his cushion in purple hue. It does not stand upright but scoots into a side panel connecting to the circuits, cables, and wires within the Moth warship to command and monitor the metal lifeless ship and all the human lively bodies. Hero stated. “I am attached to the command center of the Moth starship, Captain Leer. You can give the command to launch into the Kuiper Belt at your will, sir.”
Leer gasps in shock feeling suddenly overly worried, hearing the rigid formal commands from the robot. Throughout the outer space trip, Hero has been informative, dull, opinionated, crass, and demanding. Now, the robot is both serious and severe with its current verbal communications.

At 08:36:36 hours/minutes/seconds, Leer say nothing while watching and waiting on Tean. The Mist Cloud displays the Kuiper Belt field on three curved waves emphasizing the width and height of the outer space body. The rear curved wall is filled with a black background of twinkling stars, flying comet tails, soaring free asteroids, clouds of colorful gases, tinted space dust, floating colorful nebulas, and the azure blue hue on Planet Neptune. Of course, you can see any activity from humans, only the continuous storms and high winds blowing the cloud formations around the cold, icy surface.
The rest of the crew members stare at the front wall within the Mist Cloud feeling nervous and excited about ending their Outlaw mission.
The row of flame-burn engines turns bright pink hue then seconds later into a deep bluish-yellow tint indicating a flame-burn ignition. Then Tean’s Moth warship speeds directly into the front rows of tiny ice pebbles in gray hue.
“Go!” Leer ordered to Hero. Hero obeys sending the Moth warship ahead following the melting ice sheets from Tean’s heated flame-burn engines. Leer wears a stern face staring at the Mist Cloud, watching Tean’s rear tail. But he smiles on the inside that the Outlaw mission is almost complete, and his ship and crew members are racing into a cleared and cleaned pathway of empty non-sparking outer space molecules. Tean’s front grill on his warship slams into then melt away all the standing ice cubes into raining water droplets, dropping down further into infinite outer space, before Leer’s front grill hits that specific region of outer space.
Then the ship veers to the right as the crew members sing in B sharp musical notes. The ship cuts back to the left then scoots back to the right, then glides to the right again as the crew members sing in another chord of B sharp musical notes. Their bodies are safe and security flinging to side to side or forward or backwards from the robot’s wild-ass crazy flying.
Leer closes his two eyelids and relaxes his mind, like he had done riding the wild-ass trolley kart on the River of Lava. He exhales with sorrow pondering a burnt Planet Pluto but inhales with happiness dreaming of a cold beer on the Pond. He exhales deeply then inhales deeper relaxing his body also flowing with the jerking motion of the ship by the computer hands of Hero.
The ship jolts to the side then jerks to the opposite side running through the highlighted yellow tinted resonance pockets without objects but smooth outer space molecules.
Speeding ahead, without obstacles reaching the flame-burn engines at 1,400,000,000 miles-per-hour, the Moth warship will reach the orbital position at mile marker 4,445,400,000 presenting the Farout planetoid, in three (3) minutes and 175 seconds, which is equal to 190 seconds and 52 milliseconds of time, based on human time and sweat.
At 3.99 seconds/milliseconds of human time, the ship has covered 93,000,000 space miles of the 4,445,400,000 space miles, inside the Kuiper Belt, heading to the planetoid of Farout.
At 11.98 seconds/millisecond of human time, the ship has covered 279,000,000 space miles of the 4,445,400,000 space miles inside the Kuiper Belt, heading to Farout. Safely webbed inside the red tinted cushion seat, his body sways with the motions of the ship by Pilot Hero. Stoker opens his two human eyelids seeing with his two eyeball implants, when the flight path becomes a straight line that settles his flip-flopping stomach muscles. All the objects, within the Kuiper Belt, are far apart and loosely bound rotating sideways, upright, and then upside-down. All the objects are dirty white hue like a snowball that Eartha likes to reference her time on Planet Earth during the winter months with snow and snowballs. Then he closes his two human eyelids settling his dizzy eyeballs and upset stomach and as his body jerks then jolts a split millisecond later with the ship’s rhythm. He actively counts off the seconds and milliseconds using his computer and his human brain, like Ambassador Chip.
At 39.86 seconds/milliseconds of human time, the ship has reached 930,000,000 out of 4,445,400,000 space miles. Stoker opens his two human eyelids again staring and then studies with his two implanted eyeballs at the new environment within the Kuiper Belt. A dense object is composed of rock with a thin crust of ice. Stoker can see some of the rock surface on the object. A least dense object twirls in ice components wearing numerous large, medium or tiny holes or pores that do not breath air molecules instead represent numerous impact collision prints coming from their fellow objects. He eyewitness numerous objects colliding into each other creating tiny ice cubes. He like that funny new Earth term coming from earthling native Eartha. He closes his two human eyelids and as his body jerks then jolts a split millisecond later with the ship’s rhythm. He actively counts off the seconds and milliseconds using his computer and human mind.
At 79.71 seconds/milliseconds of human and computer time, the ship has covered 1,860,000,000 space miles from the final stopping point of 4,445,400,000 miles. Stoker moans with the last jerk to the side then opens his eyelids abording the new sight. The Kuiper objects are extra-large in sizes consisting of individual tall mountains or long and wide semi-curved rock covered in ice looking dirty white or a gray color. His mind and his stomach muscles cannot absorb the 23,333,333.33 miles-per-second warship speed steered by a robot life form. He moans again and closes his two human eyelids and as his body sways to the side or towards the front or slams backwards into the satin fabric on his cushion seat.
At 119.57 seconds/milliseconds of human and computer time, the ship has reached mile marker 2,790,000,000 out of 4,445,400,000 space miles. Stoker gasps for breathes from the rough, wild-ass ride opening his two human eyelids, seeing his new environment. The isolated outer space objects are colored in very red hue due to the release of albedo elements from its rocky, icy surface. He gasps in shallow breathes again and as his body is jolted then jerked then jammed into the soft cushions. He closes his two human eyelids and as his mind becomes blank. His body relaxes swaying with the mechanic beat of the Moth warship. He is not worried about the flame-burn engines. Hero is in charge and control of the warship and is more than capability of handling any type of emergency saving the humans first. That is the primary purpose of Hero, the robot.
At 139.50 seconds/milliseconds, the ship has reached 3,255,000,000 space miles away from Planet Neptune, getting closer to the 4,445,000,000 mile marker of Farout planetoid. Stoker opens one eyeball implant then gasps in shock seeing the most bizarre naturally occurring phenomena, within his 28 years of life.
A white tinted mist cloud formation hovers over a semi-round object raining down a sheet of tiny pebbles. The violent act results in the destruction of the object into billions of pieces that glow in rainbow hues of pink, yellow, green, blue, orange, red, purple. Within a blink of an eyelid, each piece morphs into a tiny ice cube without shine or glitter or glean just cold-dead looking floating among the trillions of tiny fragments and millions of bigger objects. More of the mist cloud formations float alone or swiftly collide into another spinning Kuiper object sprinkling more ice peddles into the outer space waves.
He closes his human eyelid and relaxes his body and his mind, not enjoying but enduring the wild-ass space ride.
At 159.43 seconds/milliseconds, the ship has covered 3,720,000,000 miles from the total target of 4,445,400,000 space miles. Stoker opens one human eyelid and quickly peeks around the new environment without upsetting his vision or his stomach muscles. Now, all the objects are smaller and blue tinted, like a developing young, new star. Stoker suspects the extremely cold temperatures are freezing the ice on top of the ice expel methane elements creating a blue hue of life, which is not life but a snowball. He quickly shuts his one eyelid and then softy hums an ancient song within his human and computer brain cells. The ship is almost there, lacking 245,400,000 more space miles, before reaching Farout planetoid, if his part human and mechanic body can stand the rest of the jolt-and-kick actions by the robot’s skills during flight.
At 188.18 seconds/milliseconds of human and computer time, the warship jolts to a harsh halt without skidding into the planetoid. Each set of human brain cells rattle with dizziness and as each human body shimmers with relief.
Hero still is curled into the soft fabrics on the purple tinted cushion seat as it is required to fly back through the resonance gaps to the next planetoid Goblin and then return back into normal outer space within the backyard of Planet Neptune. It stated without human emotions singing in a dull, monotone alto pitched timber, “We have arrived at mile marker 4,445,400,000 within the space miles and is positioned away from Planet Neptune. We are parked and running behind the parked and running Moth warship, belonging to Captain Tean and his co-captain Boodle, which is parked and running in front of the Farout planetoid, before the Kuiper Cliff drop off wall without soaring down, down, down into infinitely for eons, eons, eons, within the Kuiper Belt.”
“You should write adult horror novels, Zero! You would become a zillionaire and never have to fly a warship again,” Eartha announced. She laughs out loud shaking her body parts for injuries, feeling the developing blue tinted bruises, which will heal on her body over a short period of time as a healthy female earthling.
The Mist Cloud displays a sphere within a misty grayish-white background filled with floating and spinning Kuiper objects ranging from tiny into medium-sized that do not perturb the planetoid but dance around the sphere. The world twinkle with a solid icy surface glowing in blue hue and presents scattered regions of dull pink tints. Pink is the rarest mineral on Farout and represent a crystal rocks or pink diamonds. The pod of numerous overlapping pink diamond house an ocean of liquid water. The surface reaches 3,900 degrees Fahrenheit then freeze into solid ice crater on top of the surface.
A crystal requires flash heating events coming from a shock wave of a sonic boom from a speeding solar winds that occurs on the edge of the Solar System. The shock waves of sonic booms come from naturally occurring winds from other galaxies that bombard the edge of the Solar System aiding the beauty and mystery of Farout.
Within each warship bridge room, each crew member does not stand but continues to sit comfortably and safely within the protective cocoon webbing.
Stoker smiles at the new sight. “That’s far out!” He laughs with his crew mates.
“That’s a land far, far away!” Purry smiled.
“That’s fun…not!” Eartha announced.
“That’s finished.” Leer stated.
Tean’s voice spoke on Leer’s bridge. “We have arrived alive and living,” he laughs. “We are sitting farther out from Farout. The leaders were notified by the Outlaw leaders. The Farout leadership completely understands and wants the dangerous art piece off their planet. They use an empty storage container to receive goods from all the space traders as a space pirate will never dare to fly far out to Farout,” he chuckles. “Do you see the dull-looking storage container? It is standing front of my nose grill blocking an advance to the planet. The art piece is inside getting cold. So, can Purry fly a Birdie to the storage container and get the art piece.”
Purry quickly un-webs from the soft fabrics then swiftly stands upright from the cushion gently shaking her rocks for any type of injury. She announced with a smile to Leer. “Yes, I can!” She scoots sideways from the cushion then spins around quickly exiting the bridge room.
Stoker shouted, “Uh! Purry! Do you need for me to show you how to operate a Birdie?” He is still stuck in the smooth, soft fabrics of the webbing, enjoying the silky touch on his sweaty human body parts.
“No!” Her voice clearly echoed with a positive response. Purry crawls through cold hard tunnel down towards the landing bay finishing up her Outlaw assignment.
Stoker shouted, “Leer!” He turns to view Leer.
Leer does not move but smiles to Stoker. He exclaimed. “She needs what to do. She has been watching us during the trip and learns very quickly. Hero, can you adjust the Mist Cloud and show only the storage container, not the rear end of Tean’s ship?”
“Yes, Captain Leer!” Hero stated. The Mist Cloud vanishes then reappears displaying a very long and tall, silver-tinted storage container with a long side door that is closed shut.
A few seconds later, the warship roughly rattles with the outer space intense air pressure. Purry has loaded into the Birdie starship raising the lift door, within the landing bay. Now, she starts to fly from the ship towards free-standing, magically hovering storage container with the art piece.
Stoker chuckled with delight. “She has learned a lot from the us!”
A few seconds later, Purry flies from underbelly of the ship soaring through outer space, without a ship, using both her wiggling arms and legs. She quickly soars to the container.
On the bridge floor, each human performs a gasp of awe and dares not speak a word while observing Purry. Purry slams into the closed door.
Stoker announced, “I bet that hurt…”
“…not…” Eartha expressed with loud laughter. “She’s a rock!”
Purry scoots down the closed metal looking for the handle, reaching the end of the long side. She cracks the door open, when a rock-tinted large hand with five matching rocked fingers reaches out first then grabs her rock-coated head. She screams in shock. But you cannot hear noise in outer space. The hand pulls Purry into the internal walls. The door closes shut. Then the container starts to wiggle sideways at first, then downwards next, then upwards, then downwards again rotating like a wild animal within the outer space waves.
On the bridge floor, Stoker gasps in shock. He shouted. “Go and help her, Leer!”
“He can’t. We can’t. She’s on her own turf! A F-bomb or a bullet will damage the storage container and hit and harm Purry along with killing or destroying the rock soldier. It’s obvious. The Farout leaders are idiots. Yeah, they did as they were told by the Outlaw leaders. They placed the art piece on top of the floor, inside the storage container, using a robotic machine. Then the flight or the machine or the floor cracked the delicate glass structure. Then the rock soldier awakes to cold air temperatures and is not affected. The outer space molecules make it grow tall and strong and handsome,” she giggles with a silly grin.
The crew members continue to sit and helpless watch the commotion within the Mist Cloud.
The storage container flips upside down then upright then sideways. One shorter metal wall breaks out exposing a gigantic, long, solid green-tinted, rock-coated human arm with a folded fist of matching colored rock.
“Who’s winning the fight?” Eartha laughed.
More wall panels receive a metal injury as several solid-colored dots or multi-colored dots form an individual folded fist of solid rock slamming into the metal, opening a new hole, where more outer space molecules enter the container. The container rooftop panels burst open revealing a 50-foot Rock Soldier colored half in solid green on his upper body and solid yellow on his lower body. The solid dots are not distributed evenly throughout his rock body. Thus, all the solid dots ponder nasty thoughts and act on nasty actions against any human or animal or beast or Purry. He opens his rock-coated, red tinted lips revealing his yellow tinted teeth, but you cannot hear yells in outer space. Then his body disappears back down into the floor.
“Purry!” Leer shouted. He cheers and claps for his girl presenting a bright smile. Stoker claps and cheers for Purry too. Eartha only stares in disappointment that Rock Girl is winning the vicious fight. Chip is still recovering inside the Health Ward missing all the fun events.
The container starts to violently dance around the outer space molecules, like the two rock people are dancing on the ceiling and it features more open holes ranging from a fist-sized to a head-size. Then the four walls explode creating trillions of tiny metal fragment slamming into Tean’s warship, the surrounding ice cubes, and empty space. Purry stand air-borne, alone and lonely, within outer space measuring 100 feet in height, 300 pounds in weight, featuring her pretty multi-colored dots, shimmering in hues as she continues to eat and consume all the new dots within her rock body. The glow presentation halts. Purry nods to the nose grill on Tean’s warship celebrating her victory over another nasty rock soldier. She drops her arms then starts to swim in outer space molecules towards the underbelly of the ship.
Tean’s voice stated without his hologram face. “She did it! She’s great! She got the nasty rock soldier. What a fight! I’m so glad she won. Now, we are almost finished here, buddy! When Purry is safely aboard, tell me. We are leaving Farout and heading due south first. Then at the next yellow tinted resonance gap, Hero scoots sideways then swings the ship around within the same resonance gap, facing the northern direction. Goblin planetoid is located at mile marker 3,720,000,000 miles which is 725,400,000 space miles from here. So, the entire ride will take 31.09 seconds/milliseconds coming from my Hero robot.
“My Hero robot will start the hop-and-skip adventure again going through each resonance gap finally arriving and park behind Goblin. When we got to Goblin, we finish our Outlaw mission and assignment returning back to Saturn, not Neptune. Darsha is there sitting in her warship waiting for us to finish and then arrive there. We will dock all the ships then physical walk entering that silly meeting room. No body, now days, meets in person, anymore. I’m getting off your bridge floor. Hold onto the webbing and do not cry, like a baby, Eartha! Holler to me, when Purry is safety aboard for the next wild-ass ride through the Kuiper Belt, Leer. Then we go, where no one has gone before!” He laughs disconnecting the communication link.
Leer does not response back to Tean. Every Outlaw is eager and anxious to finish the mission. He commanded with a serious tone to the robot, “Hero, what’s the status of Purry?” The ship’s floor rattles slightly without sound, coming from another intense air pressure event inside the landing bay.
“Purry has entered the landing bay. I am closing the door. She is jogging and moves to the crawl tunnel. She will be here within the bridge room in 09.11 seconds and milliseconds.” It stated.
Stoker shouted. “One Mississippi. Two Mississippi…”
“What is a Mississippi?” Hero inquired.
Eartha laughed. “The word Mississippi represent an ancient and polluted landscape, within an ancient and deed country of the United States of America, on the burnt and dead land continent of North America. When an earthling needed to kill time and did not possess a watch of visual time, she verbally spoke out that word, Mississippi, with the sequential number. The number plus word represents a single second.”
“O!” It stated.
She giggled. “You should know that information, Zero! Ancient history is part of your computer banks.”
“My ancient history does not involve earthling behavior patterns, only the earthlings and Earth events.” Hero stated while kissing the bottom hemline fabric on the purple tinted cushion.
Purry appears at the tunnel entrance wearing a bright rock-coated smile and stands upright slowly walking back her pink-tinted cushions eat. Each pair of eyeballs and as each pair of lips present a smile to Purry.
“Congratulations, Purry! We saw the entire fight! Go right hook!” Stoker laughed.
Leer announced, “Well, done Purry! Get webbed into your seat, quickly! We have one more art piece. The we all go home and celebrating for the rest of the season.” He cheers along with the crew members.
“It’s her Outlaw job, on this Outlaw mission, that ends her Outlaw assignment, soonest.” Eartha stated wearing a stern face.
“Thanks, Eartha!” Purry said. She sits down and quickly webs into the chair.
“Hero!” Leer announced.
Hero asked, “Yes, Captain Leer! Are we ready to launch?”
“Yes, Captain Leer!”
“Tean, we are cleared for launch. Go!” He commanded to the Mist Cloud. The rear engines on Tean’s warships displays a pink hue then a red tint. The warship breaks the parking spot, blazing into outer space, flying over North Polar region on the Farout planetoid, not becoming a small pink tinted faint dot either. Hero, on the Leer’s warship, starts to fly ahead, following Tean, staying five million miles away from the first ship, without damaging the nose grill or harming the human crew members.
The warship hits the yellow tinted resonance gap then magically scoots sideways ten million miles into empty space then spins around facing the northern direction. It soars through the waves to the next yellow tinted resonance gap.
At 31.09 seconds/milliseconds of human and computer time, Leer’s warship quickly covers 725,400,000 space miles then slides into a violent jolt parking behind Tean seeing the colors on the planetoid named Goblin.
Hero stated. “Introducing the Goblin!” It still kisses the fabric hemline on the seat for anticipation of the wild ride back through the Kuiper Belt to the calm, controllable outer space waves behind Planet Neptune. It continued. “As we have successfully maneuvered through each resonance gap alive and currently park behind Tean’s tail end, our present position views The Goblin. The Goblin is a small dwarf planet…”
“What!” Eartha laughed. “No history on each ice cube on the right-side or the left-side of the warship.”
The robot states without human emotions. “I do not understand your statement, Assistant Eartha.”
Leer stated, “Either does her mouth or her brain, I can’t figure out which one works her body also,” he laughs. “Just ignore all comments from Assistant Eartha.”
“I will follow that good advice, Captain Leer.” Hero stated. “The Goblin was discovered on Halloween Treat or Trick holiday by an earthling living and suffering on Planet Earth.”
“I heard that, Zero!” Eartha sneered.
It continued. “The sphere is a planetoid in solid black with scattered deep and numerous orange patches. The circular edge is glowing in white hue of ice clouds giving a spooky appear or something alien. The orange patches are molten drops that had sprayed into the atmosphere coming from volcanic eruption of active Kuiper objects, 3.64 billion years ago. The molten drops had jumped from the planet landing on a traveling asteroid burning it into a crispy rock and then leaped again eventually landing on Goblin’s boiling and heated top surface. The drops of molten rock cooled rapidly and formed the orange tinted grains. These regions are comprised of sharp, jagged edges of broken glass fragments. Do not eat! Do not touch! The black soil is iron mineral. The entire export business trade is iron ore minerals coming from Goblin and is distributed throughout the Solar System.”
Leer shouted. “Lovely! Tean! What are we doing here now? What is the plan? I can’t stand the science lesions…lesson anymore,” he laughs with his crew members.
Tean’s voice spoke. “We are waiting on the Goblins.”
Purry frowned, “That’s not a nice name!”
“They call themselves the Goblins too. Don’t sweat ant hills!”
“What are ant hills?” Purry asked.
Tean laughed, “The Goblin leaders give specific instructions to our Outlaw leaders. So, I’m waiting on the short wordy response from our side. So, we watch and wait for something to happen. I suggest every human body go to the bathroom first then get something to eat next and then sleep for a second minutes last, before we start our swift and dangerous run back through the Kuiper Belt of 159 seconds and 16 milliseconds.”
“Tean is very smart. He subtracted the given number from the proposed number very fast.” Hero stated.
“Yeah, he’s a smartass, through and thoroughly!” Eartha laughed along with the humans.
Tean stated. “Once I get the new information from our office mates, I will contact you letting you on the secret too. For now, Tean is outta of here and taking my own wise advice!” His laughter faints as the communication link is cut.
Leer exhales with both anticipation and annoyance kicking the hemline on the seat. “Stay put Hero! We may leave within minutes or hours! I want you ready for the home trip back to Neptune.” The webbing unfolds and drops down storing back into the internal walls within the purple tinted seat cushion. The back rest falls down into its resting place also. He stands and shakes his upright human body not feeling any broken bones but numerous painful bruises. He ordered. “You heard Tean! He waits on headquarters, so we wait on headquarters too.” He smiles. “This is our last treat or trick or task. Congratulations to us! I am going to say my farewell speech now without wasting our time, after we dock this fine warship. Now, after collecting the last hard rock art piece from the lovely Goblin and then destroying it into a puff of dust that Purry always consumes, we all will return to Saturn. Congratulations to us, again!”
You are not supposed to count the chicks before the eggs hatch!” Eartha warned. She sneers and crosses her arms staring at Leer.
Stoker turns and frowns at Eartha. He asked. “What does that funny statement mean, Eartha?”
She exhales with annoyance and uncrosses her arm lifting them in the air. She stated. “It is a verbal and spiritual warning. You are not to anticipate a victory or positive rewards, until the task or job is completed. Else, you are bringing forth trouble or bad sh…”
“Shut it, Eartha, please?” Leer yelled. He exhales with frustration and then smiles. “When we return our ships and our personas back to Saturn, we will become honored…”
“…and receive our reward.” Stoker nodded.
“What is our reward, Leer?” Purry asked.
“Our reward is beyond our finite imagination. I promise. So, congratulations to us, again and again and over and over.” Leer announced. The other crew members including Hero start to cheer and clap. Eartha gasps in shock turning to see Purry. Purry participates in the non-received celebration.
Leer stated. “We are thousands of outer space miles from the Goblin; but this event is going to take…”
“…minutes, hours, days, months…” Hero stated.
“Wrong toe, Zero!” He laughed with the others. “So, every crew member is excused from the bridge to pack your set of personal carry-off luggage, so we can exit the ship quickly. Take all the items your care from your cubby hole and your sleeping pallet and where every on our borrowed the starship. I don’t care per the Captain’s orders…”
“You ain’t the Captain of the ship, Leer!” Eartha sneered.
Purry asked, “What bout Chip?”
“What about Chip?” Leer expresses turning to stare at Purry.
“Right toe! He is still is resting and recovering in the Health Ward.”
“Chip is going to miss the last collected art piece.” Purry stated.
Hero stated, “I can record our collection final prize and display our interactions with the Goblins.”
“Right toe! Hero comes along and records the collection of the last art piece and then Purry will destroy it. Then Chip can see it all it. The lovely ending for us! Dismissed!” He lifts his arm in the air nodding with a smile, dropping his arm and slaps his leg.
Hero stated. “Thank you, Captain Leer!”
“He ain’t the captain, only a finger pilot.” Eartha laughed.
Every alive body, including Eartha’s, is now dismissed from the bridge room.” Leer commanded. He chuckles then spins around leaving the bridge room with Purry and Stoker. Hero must remain in place, in case, of a fast exit from Goblin.
Eartha continues to stand and huffs with annoyance at Leer for a few minutes to calm her nerves. Well, Leer is not coming back into the bridge room but carries on with someone else or something else now. She sees how he looks and adores Purry, the supernatural superhero alien. Eartha exhales with frustration and pads to the tunnel dropping down, crawling into the metal passage.

At 08:44:44 hours/minutes/seconds, the ship’s volume is both dull and quiet. The other crew members must want to the lunch room for some food. She exits the tunnel and enters the Health Ward scooting along the wall, entering the female sleeping quarters. The room is empty. Purry is not sitting or standing here. So, Purry is cuddling beside Captain Leer in the lunchroom and Purry does not eat or breath or piss. Eartha laughs and then ceases studying all the furniture items and her open closet, scanning the uniforms. She cannot use the furniture items and does no desire to wear the new uniforms wither. She moves head, spins around, and sits on top of the firm bed mattress, feeling the softness. “A rock possesses feelings or emotions…or...” She senses the hardness from the bed mattress also.
This space mission has been both fun and dangerous. She has underestimated the Rock Soldier Army created by Commander Taradiddle. Each encountered Rock Soldier lost its fight against Rock Girl Purry. The successful event can be contributed to Outlaw team work.
Purry understand the concept of teamwork living on Planet Pluto. She was more than a team bu ta community. Now, her community is dead and gone. She is alien in the Solar System without family, friends but Leer.
Eartha exhales with sorry then drops her chin into her chest folding both of her hands into a triangular shape. She stares down at the clean floor then closes both of her eyelashes. She softy prayed for all her new friends. “Dear Creator. I am grateful for my life and my new friends. I know not the next leg of my intra-stellar journey but lead me with wisdom and honor and honesty. Amen!” She continues to sit pondering her life.

At 08:48:48 hours/minutes/seconds, his bald mound appears in the crawl tunnel. He moves ahead and clears his body standing upright, huffing out used air molecules. He scans the Health Ward room without seeing Chip or the medical machine. He slowly limps ahead on his metal feet and wears bright smile entering the male’s sleeping unit, without seeing Leer, of course. Leer, Purry, Tean and Boodle are together eating some food inside the lunchroom. He stops, spins around and sits down on top of the firm bed mattress. He desires sleep but is too thrilled with his new outer space assignment, which short-lived. He has lived on a starship, since the age of sixteen year old while voluntarily losing each limb as part of his dangerous stoker job. He also feels thrilled being able to fly the new Bat starship and feels happy meeting some new friends. Normally, he stays down in the stoker room during each fun outer space adventure. He feels excited meeting a new intraspecies of the Solar System. Purry is not a human but a walking, talking rock life form.
He feels sad. The adventure is almost completed. But he feels glad anticipating a new outer space adventure with a new crew. He graciously accepts all the starship uniforms from Captain Leer. The cloth become torn or burnt, very quickly.
He looks up at the ceiling stone panels and brightly smiles. He softy prayed for everything. “Thank you, Creator! I am thankful for my person, my life and my new friendship. Thanks for saving the lives and making the citizens happy again. Please guide me to the path of light, goodness and rightness. Amen!” He continues to smile at the ceiling.
In the next compartment, Eartha looks up from the floor panels standing with a stern face, staring at the side wall with more closets. She exhales with relief then pads ahead without nothing but her brains turning the wall corner then stops. She scans the Health Ward and wears a puzzle brow.
The middle panel on top of the clean metal floor slides open. A mist of stream slowly drifts up from the dark hole hitting the ceiling panels and then is sucked into the air vents. The elevator carriage slowly lifts and presents a lump of tall sliver metal. The metal slowly unfolds introducing the medical machine. The machine scans an empty room then stops studying Eartha. “Are you injured or sick, Assistant Eartha?”
She replied. “No, I am not. I wanna see Chip.” Eartha reaches up and taps the cold sore. The thing has appeared burning and glowing in red hue.
“Chip is heavily sedated His human parts are blending into his machine parts.”
“Ugh!” She frowned.  “Why would a man become a machine?”
“A human is gifted with Free Will and the rights of freedom in voice, words, thoughts, actions, behavior, and appearance as long as the human does not take another life form in the form of murder, on purpose. So, Chip has chosen to enhance his body with machine parts, which is no different from Stoker, who replaces each human limb with a machine part too.”
“You’re very human for a machine.” Eartha smiled touching her lip again.
“Thank you, Assistant Eartha!”
“Wish Chip good luck from me!”
“I notice that you keep touching your lip. I can prescribe medication as a medical machine.”
She gasps in shock. Eartha expressed. “Can you remove the cold sore?” She rubs the sore.
“No. I cannot. But I can provide a liquid balm that eases the pain and the red…”
“No thanks!” Eartha sneered and dropped her hand slapping her arm down on her leg. She spins around and quickly pads to the tunnel opening dropping down, crawling away from the Health Ward.
“Good luck Assistant Eartha!” Doc called out. The machine spins around cleaning the rear countertop without working on a new patient.
In the tunnel passage, Eartha crawls away and whispers for her eardrums only. “I should be grateful. I should be happy. I should be overjoyed and thrilled that the space mission is done. But I…” she gasps. “…am happy for my crew mates.” She enters the bridge room standing upright, brushing the pretend dust particles. She nods with a smile viewing all her ship mates.
Stoker sits and fiddles with the flame-burn engines, like a spacer. Purry smiles and stars into the Mist Cloud, like an idiot. Leer stands and dances in front of his purple tinted cushion seat talking to Tean and Boodle.
Eartha walks across the floor and passes Leer sneering at his terrible flying skills, lousy Outlaw work, and a sappy personality. She stops and sits down without a working hologram station starting at the Mist Cloud.
The Mist Cloud blinks for a split millisecond and then quickly changes presenting a line of humans. A line of eight natives appears within a hologram field standing behind a tall and wide wall of glass windows that shows a landscape of pale blue-tinted, solid-covered tall mountains and low valleys of solid ice beaming among the dark sky without peeks of bright cheery sunlight. Each native wears a fancy garment. Each female possesses a small patch of colorful hair that does not cover their ear points and displays a gemstone tiara, a long colorful dress, and a smile. Each male possesses a small patch of colored hair that does not cover their ear points either and wears a crown of gemstones, a long colorful cloak over a jumpsuit.
The female greeted, “Hello! I am Queen Dedotai. Welcome to The Goblin! We have received a communication signal that you are picking up a dangerous object. We have secured the object for you to receive. However, we would like to entertain with food and dance for a while in our gratitude for acquiring a dangerous item off our planet. Please come and join us.  You can land your ship on the blinking dot which is a landing pad that give you access to my palace.”
Stoker laughed. “We’re lucky they aren’t dressed as a scary skeleton, Leer.”
“Right toe!” Leer said. “Hello to you, Queen Dedotai. We would be honored to dine and dance with you in celebration of our acquisition. We will be leaving shortly and leaving on the designated pad. Farewell until then!” The hologram disappears and is replaced with a miniature view of the southern edge of the galaxy.
Leer presses both of his hands over his uniform. He stated, “We have been invited for food trays and whatever. I do believe since this is our last space visitation, we all should leave the ship in charge with Hero and meet the Goblins. That didn’t come out right. Let’s go! Everyone, come and follow me. We will take the Beetle. Stoker can fly the thing.” The crew members do not understand how nervous Leer gets flying a starship, but Eartha and Purry does. Chip recalls too but he is in the Health Ward recovering from his surgeries.
Leer spins around with a smile and nods to Hero, who will take over for Leer. Stoker and Purry leave their cushion following a few feet behind Leer.
Eartha continues to sit on her cushion and fumes with fury without accomplishing her goal, staring at the colorful dots on the back spine of Purry. She said with a loud sneer. “Well, Purry, I guess you’ll be returning back home to Pluto.”
Purry slows her pace and responds to Eartha’s statement. She stated, “I do not think so.”
Eartha does not give it up. She leans into the cushions and fakes a smile staring the back spine on Leer, Purry, and Stoker. She stated. “I am thrilled that the Outlaws have found all 49 dangerous art pieces that grow into a dangerous, deadly Rock Soldier. Now, Taradiddle’s rock army is dead but he is still the leader of this missing army.
“That’s does not make any sense, girl!” Stoker laughs and continues to the tunnel hole.
She proposed. “Then there’s still the deadly matter of Taradiddle.”
Stoker stated. “Taradiddle is a useless alien, without his non-existent army, Eartha. He is both leaderless and warrior-less,” he laughs with the others except for Eartha.
Leer announced. “Taradiddle is harmless. Let’s go! It’s getting hot finishing our Outlaw assignment. It’s been a very long day flying around the Solar System and everyone wants to go home.” He steps closer to the tunnel hole with his other crew members.
Eartha said. “Taradiddle is still a dangerous half-human with half-human thoughts. He can still fly his Moth warship back to Pluto…
“…is burning.” Leer stated.
“…is burnt.” Purry added.
Eartha smiles at the back spine on Purry. She asked, “Where is Taradiddle located at, Purry?”
“I do not know, Eartha.” Purry stated. She then frowns at the back spine on Stoker.
“Well, I wanna know.” Eartha stated.
“That’s impossible!” Purry said.
Eartha smiled, “Taradiddle can create more art pieces.” Leer, Stoker, and Purry stop then spin around and view Eartha. Eartha said. “Taradiddle can return back to Pluto.”
Purry huffs without air imitating the human expression. She stated, “Pluto is burning.”
“It’s a rock. You’re a rock. He’s a rock. A rock does not die, only changes form. Taradiddle has a swift warship with weapons and unlimited human body parts and pieces. He will recreate more rock soldiers for his new rock army. Rock on!” She laughs then frowns. “His new rock army soldiers will be weaker than the original warriors but just as destructive to humans, who live in vast numbers throughout the Solar System. I don’t know the scientific law here. Matter is not destroyed, it only changes form or format. A burnt rock can make more burnt ugly rock soldiers with good human parts, am I correct here, Purry?” Eartha nods with a stern face to Purry.
Stoker shakes his bald mound and crosses his arms. He stated. “You’re wrong, Earth Girl!”
“I’m right!” Eartha slapped her chest with a sneer. “I am in this Outlaw mess too. I am here to destroy all 49 art pieces and terminate the rock format of Taradiddle. This space mission is not finished and will not end today.”
“Says you!” Stoker frowned.
“Says me!” Eartha smiled.
Leer gasps in shock and appears beside Purry staring at her nose profile in rock dots. He demanded, “Is that true, Purry?”
“Yes,” Purry stared at Eartha.
He gasps in alarm. Leer asked, “Why in the universe didn’t you tell me or Darsha?”
Purry turns and stares at Leer. She said, “I don’t want to upset you or your happiness. You, humans seem to work better in a happy state of both body and mind.”
Stoker said, “That’s so true!” Stoker appears and nods beside Purry staring at Eartha.
Eartha chuckled. “Purry, come on, girlfriend! Tell us the truth here!”
Purry exhales without blowing out a set of oxygen air molecule imitating the human expression, saying to Leer. She said, “Any and all burnt rock formations on Pluto can become a rock soldier, if Taradiddle dares to stand inside puddles of sizzling hot lava from thousands of exploding volcanoes on a burning Pluto.”
Eartha nodded. “Taradiddle is part rock too. He stands on his rock feet grabbing all the burnt rock fragments while burning off his human layer of bones and tissues. Then he eats another healthy human absorbing their bones, blood, and tissues morphing into his old human self.”
Leer said. “Right two! I hear and respond accordingly. We go down to the planet and get…
She shouted, “What! You are insane. We let Purry and Tean go down, collect, and destroy the 49th art piece, so we can go and track down Taradiddle. Purry’s job is done here, after she eats the last set of dots.” She laughs.
Stoker exclaimed. “She’s insane.”
“You’re insane.” Eartha snapped back to Stoker.
Leer exhales with frustration. His Outlaw job has ended a few seconds ago. Eartha is both an annoyant and a smart-ass, but she is correct. Taradiddle is the last piece of the pie that must be eaten. He said. “I have heard all your good points, Eartha. So, it’s settled then. We need to go and find and then terminate Taradiddle. How do we do that? How do we track down Taradiddle?”
Hero continues to kiss the cushion seat hemline waiting for the Outlaw task by the Outlaws. The robot stated. “Captain Leer, we can track down his warship’s signal.”
Stoker laughed. “The Solar System is too big.”
“Yes, Stroke is correct. The Solar System is very vast. However, Commander Taradiddle flies a warship which transmits a unique tracker signal. We can eliminate all natural background static and planet gravitational waves and then pinpoint that specific warship signal.”
“Right toe!” Leer smiled.
Purry smiled. “Hero can do it!”
“Actually, I cannot.” Hero said.
Leer frowned. “Why not, Zero?”
Hero repeated, “I cannot identify the warship’s visual or electronic signal.”
“Yes, you can. You’re a robot, not a human.” Eartha stated.
Stoker laughed. “Actually, a computer brain cannot even identify a human life, if it is hanging upside-down.” He chuckles.
“What!” Leer turns and stares at Stoker.
“Prove that!” Eartha demanded.
Stoker uses the mechanics on his two metal feet then slowly lifts off the floor, using the implanted thrust machines, carefully twirling to the side and faces Hero in an upside-down pose. He asked the robot, “Who am I, Hero?”
Hero continues to kiss the hemline on the stone floor but uses its extended sensors and mechanic eyeballs, examining the new object. It remains silent.
Leer laughs. He asked, “Who is that, Zero?”
Hero continues to study the flying object without words.
Stoker asked. “Who am I, Hero?”
The robot stated. “Is it a flying scarecrow?” The crew members laugh.
Leer stated, “Definitely not!” He continues to chuckle.
It said. “My circuits cannot compute the UFO.”
“The what? A what! What is a UFO?” Eartha asked.
Hero stated, “An unidentified flying object, hovering over the floor.” The crew members start to laugh again.
Leer nods with a smile. He announced. “Right toe!”
Eartha smiled at Leer, “We can use a ship signal trace.”
Stoker carefully completes the circle and standing upright over the floor. He shakes his bald mound and wears a frown. He announced, “That’s both an impossible and unreliable method for tracing down a unique sound vibration.”
Leer turns and views Stoker. He asked, “Then can you give me another idea, Stoker?”
He shakes his bald mound again. Stoker said, “Let me think about that!”
Leer yelled, “We don’t have…”
“Chip!” Eartha yelled at the new sight standing in front of the tunnel hole, on top of the floor.
The others spin around and view Chip. He slowly stands upright short after crawling through the tunnel. His face is smiling and his new human skin glows in yellow hue. Chip wears a modest business suit in solid white with a pair of matching shoes. His hair is blonde tinted locks touching his collar bone. His eyeballs are still healing and appear like a pair of solid black irises.
“Hello!” Chip stated and stared up at Leer.
“Chip!” Leer stated. He gasps in shock. “What are you doing out of bed, man…part man? How are you feeling or doing or computing?” He laughs with Eartha.
Chip stated. “I have recovered from my injures against the Rock Soldier. I am feeling well.  I would like to meet the natives of the Goblin. I am reporting for my ship duty, Captain.”
“He ain’t the captain and you ain’t a potato chip, either.” Eartha sneered.
He said. “I have been certified in excellent health by Doc. And I have received all the current information from Doc too. We are orbiting the icy planet named The Goblin which has been identified possessing the last rock art piece. Tean and Darsha have collected their art piece. I would like to join our scout team and become part of this unprecedented galactic historical event, Captain.”
Leer said with a smile. “Right toe! Let’s get going! The natives are waiting on us. Eartha, start looking for…”
“What! Naw!” Eartha yelled. She parks both fists on her hips shaking her long blonde tinted curls and hisses at Leer.
Stoker laughed. “He didn’t finish his captain’s command, Eartha.”
She frowned, “I finished the non-captain’s command for him. No!”
“Yes, you stay here and search for Taradiddle. It was your idea anyways, Bye for now, Eartha! We’ll return within the hour or more or less. Good luck!” Leer ordered. He spins around with laughter and faces the tunnel hole enjoying the order on her person for his pleasure, leading the other crew members. They all disappear through the tunnel slowly crawling down into the belly of the warship, entering one of the Beetle ships for the space trip down to The Goblin.

At 08:08:08 hours/minutes/seconds, Eartha rolls her eyeballs then views the tunnel hole slowly spinning around, marching ahead to the pink-tinted cushion. For some silly reason, her assigned cushion does not possess a hologram work station which still baffles her smart neurons. She plops down and waves both palms over the empty air wave activating the hologram program. A pink tinted hologram station appears. She programs the computer using the buttons and dials seeking a single trace signal on a man-made object opposite from a natural galactic signal. The computer will not have trouble locating a man-made object, but searching the Solar System takes up both human and machine time. However, based on Leer, Eartha has all the time in the world.
She mumbles a string of nasty words within her sour tasting breathes keeping the words from a recording robot lifting both of her arms in the air and laughs out loud with her task. She leans back into the back rest and closes her two eyelashes feeling the vibration within the leather chair materials on her body. She has programmed the vibrations within the chair to slightly sting her human body when a man-made signal has been detected without alerting or alarming Hero.
Hero stands in its usual spot against the smooth curved wall and studies each object that blinks over the floor, the walls, and the ceiling for its entertainment while annoying Earth. The robot voices in its drone timber, not viewing Earth either. It stated, “Ooo! That colorful extremely large heavenly object is a very large Magellanic Cloud, which is a satellite galaxy next to the Milky Way galaxy. Based on its slow-moving motion, the cloud will collide with our galaxy in two billion more years…”
“What year would that be, Zero?” She asked. Eartha continues to relax in the chair with her two eyelashes shut while anticipating a tiny sting touch of a unique radio wave from a flying man-made starship and then presents a smirk while teasing the silly machine with its set of sillier statements as a human and animal life form lives a set of finite numbers of days and nights. Then the life form ceases to exist and become something else. Eartha does not believe in the afterlife or a heavenly realm or another dimension, only the happiness of the moment.
“That would be in the future year of 2,000,3013.”
“Are you certain, Zero?”
“Yes.”
“Are you positive, Zero?”
“Yes.”
“Are you sure, Zero?
“Yes.” Hero stated. She sits in silence. It asked, “Are you going to pose another question, Assistant Eartha?” She does not speak. Hero huffs sounding with a loud soft ting. It stated, “Well then, I will continue my narration of the other galaxies outside the Milky Way entertaining you here on the bridge as Captain Leer and the others found the seventh art piece.” It turns to stare at Eartha. She does not move. The robot returns and reduces the Mist field locating other galaxies. “Now, this is the…”
“Reduce the Solar System!” Eartha ordered.
Hero obeys and shrinks the Mist Cloud. It shows the orbit pathway for each colorful planet including the five dwarf planets with Pluto, blue, white, and yellow twinkling star, a thick ring of stray asteroids within the Main Asteroid Belt, and the ice cold, white tinted Kuiper Belt and a bright yellow tinted Solar Sun in the middle of the Mist Cloud.
“Reduce it more, Zero!” She ordered. Eartha watches the stars with a lady sneer.
The robot obeys. The Mist Cloud exhibits an oval shaped structure showing three rings of a mist haze that holds the inner ring of planets, a central ring with the Main Asteroid Belt, and an outward ring with the Kuiper Belt.
“Reduce it some more, Zero!” She ordered.
The robot obeys. The Mist Cloud displays an oval structure with three thick rings without twinkling stars or colorful planet. The inner ring is red tinted. The center ring is maroon hue. And the last ring is blue-colored. A very faint yellow bulge lies in the center of the new Mist Cloud field.
“That’s it!” She stated. Eartha wiggles side to side then relaxes her body making her mind blank and her limbs drop down into the cool, smooth leather.
Hero studies the new Mist Cloud, a reduction of the Solar System that displays an array of beautiful and dull colors consisting of all the outside galaxies, stellar clouds, dwarf stars, cosmic strings and other celestial object while annoying Eartha. Even though the Mist Cloud is severely reduced in presentation, the Solar System is still active and alive with spinning planets, rotating asteroids, flying comets, and soaring stars. Hero is a computer life form that can drill down into the reduced Solar System and view any celestial object, where the robot is going to inform Eartha, for its robot too.
It stated, “I can see the Large Magellanic Cloud that lies outside our own galaxy. It is a satellite galaxy which is drifting towards our own Milky Way Galaxy and will collide with our galaxy in two billion years. I can see Comet Wirtanen. The comet will pass within six million miles from Planet Earth in four more Earth calendar months. Comet Wirtanen appears as ghostly green tinted, the size of Jupiter, and three-quarters of Planet Earth mile in diameter. Does that information assist you, Assistant Eartha?”
She does not answer.
It continued. “I spy the Small Magellanic Cloud which is a dwarf galaxy and is slowly dying and will become consumed with colorful fireworks and minimal damage to our own Milky Way Galaxy. Then I spy a dull looking supernova that lies 920 million light years from Planet Earth. The ancient explosion was both quick and faint as its companion star siphons away the heavenly matter. After my extensive knowledge and continuous studious attention to the Milky Way Galaxy, our galaxy is drifting towards a violence path with one of nearby star systems. The Large Magellanic Cloud or LMC as the scientists like to use members of the alphabetic letters for some strange reason. Do you know what the earthling scientists called a proper name by a string of three or four or five individual mixed alphabetic letters, Assistant Eartha?”
Eartha is quiet without comments.
Hero continued. “The LMC is traversing a reverse interstellar course towards two known and glittering galaxies. In 2.4 billion years, the LMC will collide into the Milky Way Galaxy. However, the Milky Way Galaxy is so wide and large and filled with empty space between the planets and the moons and the tars and the asteroids that Planet Earth will not be in danger. The effect of new matter from the LMC on the Solar Sun and Planet Earth will produce a fiery night sky, not more or no less. The black hole never allows any object to escape pulling in and then smashes numerous fast-moving photos into each other, creating pairs of electrons and their antimatter counterparts and positrons spitting out powerful jets of both swirling patterns of colorful plasma and energy forces and loud musical sounding notes. You have seen that brilliant and strange phenomenon, isn’t that correct, Assistant Eartha?”
She does not answer.
The robot continued to narrate studying the rear wall on the warship. “The center of our galaxy will eat up all the strand celestial matter growing thirteen times in both height and width from today. Then, in five billion years, the combined LMC and the Milky Way Galaxy will collide into the Andromeda Galaxy with little effect on Planet Earth. I will be alive and working by then.”
The human female is still silent without a string of usual nasty human words.
The robot continued to stand beside the pilot’s cushion and described the next item. “A flying comet with a yellow-tinted head streaming two miles, trailing a matching single tail. The Moth warship has flown trillions and trillions of space miles keeping the crew members and the delicate metal starship safe. Ooo! That is the newest interstellar visitor to the Milky Way Galaxy coming from the Andromeda Galaxy. The comet named by a human scientist is known as C2019 Q4. It was first spotted on the 30th of day, in the month of August, in the year 2019 A.D., on Planet Earth, from a man-made telescope on the Big Island of Hawaii, from the United States of America country.”
“What!” Eartha yelled. She frowns with annoyance at the silly robot, “That comet is almost 1,000 years old. How can it be labeled as new or newest, since the current date is 2199 A.D.?”
“You can subtract small mathematical numbers. That’s very good, Assistant Eartha!” Hero stated. Eartha exhales with annoyance.

At 08:20:20 hours/minutes, seconds, Eartha continues to lounge on top of the cushion listening to the continuous outer space radio waves as her mind works with the Mist Cloud identifying each one coming from a black hole or a gravity well or a group of exploding stars or a drifting asteroid without hearing sound from a single man-made spaceship. They have shut down every flying spacecraft while Eartha continues to local Tarradiddle’s flying spaceship which is a slow-moving and labor-intensive process. Parking the Moth at the end of the galaxy is not a bad idea.
Eartha starts to eliminate each radio burst behind the ship’s tail end first then slowly shifted her mind through the Mist Cloud identifying each physical object in outer space. A planet sings out loud and constantly a different musical radio wave while it is fixed in its stationary spot that may or may not rotate around the sun which is easily identifiable. She has covered half of the galaxy without picking up a single flying starship.
Hero continues to loudly narrate, while annoying the rude human Eartha. Its dry, drone-like, monotone timber stated. “I am reducing the universe even further and seeing…” It studied the new imagine. “The Milky Way disk is both warped and twisted due to the rotational forces in the center of the galaxy tugging on the outer section of the disk. However, why would the disk become weak?”
She whispered. “Because it’s dying of boredom like me.”
“What!” Hero viewed Eartha.
She pops opened both of her two eyelids and slowly sits upright. The Outlaw whispered for her eardrums only and reached up touching her cold sore. “What! What am I doing? I can answer that. Wasting my precious time! I am not getting any younger but older. My body cells are duplicating into older, worn cells. I don’t wanna do this. I wanna go back to Neptune and get married starting a family. Taradiddle will takes years and years to find his rock army of rocks,” She frowns. “Ugh! Parking here at the edge of the galaxy was a stupid idea. I’m hunting down Taradiddle. He’s on a flight path to Earth. However, he is still scouting around the galaxy picking up his army of rock soldiers. But he might be dropping them off Planet Earth setting up command center, in case, he gets caught or crash lands his ship. Or he is there on Planet Earth at his command center and one of his smarter rock solider commanders is scouting the heavens. Yeah, I only need to monitor the radio waves around Planet Earth, not the entire galaxy of billions of celestial objects. What an idiot! Well, Leer is the idiot captain of this warship that has been in war.” She leans in the chair and closed her two eyelashes wearing a smile, scanning her mind deeply into the Mist Cloud.
Inside the bridge, the Mist Cloud connects to the human brain bombarding the mind with numerous images. She asked, “What is this?” She scans the Mist field again. “Why is this?” She sits upright and stares into the Mist Cloud seeing the surrounding planets, stars, asteroids, debris from outer space. “I can’t see Earth. We need to get closer to the planet.” Her mind orders commanding into the Mist Cloud. “Ugh! I’m not the pilot. Leer is the finger pilot. I should be the finger pilot, but that’s a different issue.” She taps the communication button, on top of the hologram consoled. She shouted “Leer, you and the gang need to come back here to the bridge, right now! I didn’t find something,” Eartha laughs with an evil tone.
Leer’s hologram appears on the bridge and stared at Eartha using his natural voice. He yelled, “What! Did you find outer space villain Taradiddle?”
“Well, I didn’t find something.” She laughed.
“What! We’re coming back. Don’t move! Don’t do nothing!”
“Yes, master!” She laughed. His face vanishes from the bridge.

At 08:35:35 hours/minutes/seconds, Leer leads Purry, Stoker, Chip, Tean, and Boodle through the side tunnel, slowly standing upright and staring with a stare face at Eartha. He and the others move ahead stopping a few feet from the pink tinted cushion. The rest of the crew members stand on each side of Leer. He presents a stern face to Eartha. He demanded, “What’s your new report, Eartha! Did you locate Tarafiddle? Where is his starship?”
She continues to lounge in the chair and winks at Leer. She stated, “I have not completed my homework assignment, teacher.”
He gasps in shock then fumes with fury. He announced, “What! What’s your silly mind game here, Eartha? We have…”
“…found something else. Well, I didn’t find something else. I’ve been scanning each planet, individual star, farting nebula gas monster and every black hole…and…”
“Tell me, right here and right now!” He sneered.
Darsha displays her hologram face on the bridge floor. She asked, “Leer, where is your warship? Have you collected and then destroyed the last rock piece? Tean has already reported to me that the Farout art piece of rock is destroyed which leaves only one last rock piece within our Solar System. Is there an issue? Are you having problems? What is the situation there?”
Tean slaps his chest. He yelled to Darsha. “I win. I’ve destroyed my rock piece, before you, buddy.”
Eartha exhales with annoyance at the appearance of her three co-workers then nods to each one wearing a stern face. She stated, “I cannot find a single fast-moving or slow-motion or constant radio wave coming for Planet Earth.”
Tean gasped in shock. “That’s nonsense!”
“That’s the truth.” Eartha nodded.
Darsha said with a frown. “That makes no sense.”
“That’s true.” She repeated.
“That’s impossible!” Boodle stated.
Eartha slowly stands upright and nods to each crew mate. She shouted, “Stop, look, and listen, to me, here! I’ve been scanning the Solar System waves looking for a man-made signal on a warship searching for Taradiddle. But I found instead…”
Darsha asked. “Why would we not receive a single fast-moving or slow-motion or constant radio wave coming off Planet Earth?”
Tean stated. “Because the planet has been destroyed and does not exist within the Solar System.”
Leer gasped, “What!”
Boodle said with a frown. “No! That can’t be correct, Tean. Can you verify her conclusion, Hero?”
Hero stated. “No, I cannot. I require a visual analyze to answer your question, Assistant Boodle.”
Tean said with a nod. “Then we all leave out from our respective world and head towards the Solar System at maximum flame-burn speed finding out what happened to the numerous soft radio wave coming off of Planet Earth. I wanna see Planet Earth for myself.”
Darsha said. “I hope it’s still there.”
Eartha laughs out loud first and then violently spits out some of her mouth salvia in the air waves as it lands on the clean floor. She announced, “Who cares! That means, Tarafiddle arrived there first, before us and then he completed destroyed the entire planet of slimy humans and deformed animals using an arsenal of numerous F-bombs coming from his three fancy warships. Planet Earth and its set of nasty earthlings are all gone and done. Tarafiddle did what he promised to do destroy the heart of the galaxy. So, we all can go home now and enjoy our life. This outer space Outlaw mission is done and gone.” She giggles with happiness and slaps the pink tinted hologram console shut. The cushion is alone again. Eartha dances around the floor softly humming a sweet song of ultimate celebration. She keeps her job. Next, she will be getting the cold sore permanently removed from her upper lip appearing beautiful again. Maybe, she will not return to Neptune and then marry leer. Leer acts so mean and domineering to Eartha. Maybe, she will be heavily rewarded and then retire from the Outlaw Division. Or maybe, she will become an Outlaw captain like Tean’s ambition.
“Left toe!” Tean ordered. “Darsha, good thing that you’re hanging out at home. Wait on me and Leer! We’re leaving right now from the Kuiper Belt and then we’ll pass Neptune. Then you can ride our tail pipe,” he laughs. “Hover your warship 50 million miles away from the planet, so we see you first and ask questions never,” he laughs again.
“I can go alone and see if Planet Earth is still rotating around the yellow Solar Sun.” Darsha states.
Tean warned, “And, yes, you can go and do that, and you will encounter Taradiddle, all alone and lonely. I won’t do that.”
She gasped. “I’ll wait on ya’ll. Darsha out!”
Tean stated. “Boodle and I are leaving the ship. Catch me if you can, buddy!” He lifts his palm and hand-slaps Leer’s palm. They both laugh. Tean and Boodle spin around and exit the bridge room for their warship.
Leer claps and moves ahead to the pilot’s cushion. He ordered, “We’re going to Earth! Everyone, sit or stand! I’m soaring faster than the light of speed. That’s my only warning!” He gently touches the nearest object within the galaxy. The Moth soars ahead.
Purry moves ahead and slides around Eartha padding to her assigned cushion. “How can say those nasty words about your home world, Earthling Eartha? I don’t understand your attitude. I have lost…”
Eartha stops her dance moves then stands in front of Purry. She sneered, “Who cares! Earth is a sewer pit of deformed humans and animals, poisoned air, polluted lands, and bad food. That’s how I got my permanent lip design, a cold sore, coming from a deformed and stupid human. I don’t care if Taradiddle destroys the planet. That’s one less eye sore in the neighborhood.” She laughs and scoots around the rock girl heading to her assigned cushion.
He frowns, “Don’t fret, Purry! No one understands Eartha either!” Purry and Eartha sit down webbing a body into the cushion for another swift race through the Solar System.
Leer wiggles and sits on the edge of the cushion while experiencing tension, anticipate, and fear and swiftly steers the warship through the same gaps within the Oort Cloud.
The Mist Cloud contains individual scattered chunks of solid ice in various geographical locations magically hanging among the black tinted background.
Stoker sits and monitors the screens occasionally looking up to see the Mist Cloud. His assignment is almost finished with the band of Outlaws. Once Commander Taradiddle has been captured and then eliminated, Stoker will fly back to Planet Saturn for his next assignment.
Chip sits and smiles into the Mist Cloud while enjoying the final leg of the first Outlaw outer space mission. Maybe he can become employed by the Outlaw Command Center and then ride around the Solar System hunting down bad guys. He should ask Tean that question. Tean has hinted too many times about becoming a starship captain for the Outlaw Organization.
Purry sits and grins into the Mist Cloud admiring the objects and presents a stern face of rock-coated dots. She does not have a home planet anymore spending the rest of her dots. She is a rock without human emotions and a human life force. Her rock force will continue until the end of time. And she does not feel sad about her dead natives or the punishment for Commander Taradiddle. Purry has pondering living in the Pond with her new friends Leer, Eartha, Tean, Boodle, and Darsha. However, the Pond water seems cold, not heated. Maybe, the Outlaw Organization can find and then provide transportation to a hot, sizzling dwarf planet with active volcanos. Once there, she can lounge beside a new heated River of Lava talking to the primitive molecules while daydreaming about her burnt home, living out her days and nights there.
Eartha leans back in the seat and then reaches out touching an object within the Mist Cloud. Her fingertip pad does not affect the object as she is not the finger pilot on the first and last Outlaw space emission. She softly giggles with her hidden secret. Planet Earth is still there rotating around the Solar Sun. She has lied about the radio waves coming off of Planet Earth. At this distance of trillions of miles from the Solar Sun, no man or woman or machine can verify a single radio waves for years or decades or centuries. The stupid robot only answers a posed question and follow orders from a human’s voice or movements. It cannot detect a single radio wave coming from Planet Earth either.
Within the glowing Mist Cloud, the orange and black Goblin disappears and is replaced with white floating objects plus individual sections of yellow short lines, the new resonance pathway to the backyard of Neptune. Tean’s pink tinted warship leads away from the Goblin planetoid jumping to the next yellow section.
Leer does not touch the Mist Cloud. Hero is still kissing the fabric on his cushion seat following Tean’s warship, gliding the ship swiftly and safely from the Kuiper Belt back into normal outer space. The Moth soars ahead.
On top of her green tinted cushion, Eartha is done with her four Outlaw co-workers. They are both stupid and gullible, not understanding the psychological mind on a mad ruler like Taradiddle. Taradiddle is not there on Planet Earth either. He had his fun years ago collecting thousands of stupid earthlings from their home world and then eating their human body parts, creating his army of rock soldiers. Based on Purry’s sketchy or scattered dot brains, she does not understand an evil Bad One Taradiddle as she is a dot and he is an evil human with human ambitions.
Sometimes, you can’t tell the masses, you gotta show the masses. Well, the masses will understand, after her warship lands on Planet Earth, without finding Taradiddle, seeing the destruction, scaring them silly. The band of Outlaws will form a large space force army and then track down Taradiddle eliminating him once and foreverly.

At 08:46:06 hours/minutes/seconds, Leer rubs one tired eyeball and then releases his eye lid as his two eyeballs focus on the Mist Cloud. He awoke before five in the morning, Neptune time. Now, he still up working at eight in the morning, Neptune time. He is both tired and worried thinking about Planet Earth missing and Taradiddle responsible. If Earth is missing or burning, Leer decides to wait on more Outlaw enforcements before tracking after Taradiddle. Even if Planet Earth still exists, he still will wait on more Outlaw enforcements. His mission is to trace down the 49 rock art pieces. He has finished that assignment. Now, the last item on his mission list, exterminate Taradiddle. Then the Solar System will become peaceful, safe and harmonious again.
Eartha has new plans for her person. She will exit the ship and find a human with an ugly, red tinted cold sore, capturing that earthling, bringing the sick human back to the warship. Doc can extract the antibodies from the sick human and inject them into Eartha’s cold sore. Then she will become healed and normal again. Once Leer returns back to Planet Saturn with the bad news, Eartha plans to quit her current job and live with her parents on Jupiter, finding another Outlaw job or taking a long vacation anyways. Leer is not the man for her. His family is not the in-laws for her. His home world is not the place for her.
When the Mist Cloud enlarges and morphs back into the calm, smooth, dull-colored, black outer space dotting the forward field with the colorful planets. Leer races a safe distance behind Tean. This is a not a fun race but a dangerous venture to Planet Earth.

At 08:49:08 hours/minutes/seconds, Leer sees the third warship. Tean’s Hero robot leads the final phase of the Outlaw mission with Leer’s warship safely behind following the edge of the Goldilocks Zone, avoiding most of the drifting asteroids. One hits the nose grill. Darsha ignites her flame-burn engines following a safe distance behind Leer.
Inside the quiet bridge room, the crew members are webbed into an individual cushion seat watching the expanding Mist Cloud, in silence. Hero continues to kiss the fabric on the purple-tinted cushion seat viewing the Mist Cloud through its computer sensors. Then it started to narrate into the silence room, entertaining the quiet humans. “Once upon a time, the earthlings on Planet Earth located the twinkling stars in the night sky and names and drew maps. Planet Earth spins on its axis seeing different constellations as the stars move across the night sky going from east to west. The Solar Sun rises in the east and sets in the west on Planet Earth. As Planet Earth orbits around the Solar Sun, the stars slowly move towards a westerly direction over the solar year. On Planet Earth, glowing in the northern pole location is the closest and brightest star, Polaris. Star Polaris is located within the Ursa Minor Star Constellation.”
Eartha injected. “Back then, the ancient and arrogant earthlings on Planet Earth named each far, far away, away twinkling star and thought they were the center of the Milky Way Galaxy.” She giggles with amusement.
Stoker laughed. “Actually, a supermassive black hole lives center of our galaxy.”
She exhaled with annoyance. “My point here, the arrogant earthlings never possessed a single thought that other life forms existed on…”
“…other stars. No other life forms exist except for a mineral life form like Purry. Aliens do not exist. What are you talking about, Eartha?” Stoker argued.
“There are life forms living on other stars.”
“Humans are the life forms living on other stars. We proved that flying around the Solar System today, not aliens. Aliens do not exist, only the human race, Eartha.”
“Aliens do exist.” She smiled.
“Aliens do not exist.” He frowned.
“They live on other stars.”
“They do not live on other stars.”
She hissed, “Aliens…”
“…do not exist, do not live, do not thrive. Humans came from Planet Earth, our mother planet, and then died in outer space trips while their children survived and settled a new planet or star throughout the Solar System. The end!” He chuckled.
She continued to argue, “Aliens…”
“Enough!” Leer screamed with annoyance. He frowns with tired vile thoughts at the annoying crew members.
Stoker sits at his work station feeling nervous and excitement at the same time. He expressed to his fellow ship mates. “When I’m not working my assigned stoker job on a soaring starship, within the Solar System waves, I enjoy reading numerous fictional tales of adventures. I have never penned my hand at a funny or fictional novel but enjoy diving into other people’s mind imaginations. However, sometimes, I feel greatly disappointed when the writer builds up the plot creating a multi-dimensional characters, developing hidden twists within the plot, explaining complex pieces of working equipment for the storyline and then in the last chapter, in the last paragraph, on the last sentence, she ends the thrilling story by simply killing off the hero, killing off the villain, and killing off the people, without a proper explanation. That’s sucks for me!” He laughs with his ship mates.
Hero stated. “In the beginning of time, the universe is comprised of balls of gases and solid rocks creating perfection. Then an explosion occurs. The balls of gases and the solid rocks scatter outward creating the planets and the stars. Eventually, life forms develop on the fixed planets creating humans, animals, insects, snakes, trees, grass, clouds…”
Tean’s ship plows through each small and large asteroid heading towards the orbital flight path of Planet Mars. That mean, Hero is following behind Planet Mars.
Eartha spins around and sneers at the robot. She asked. “Why is this new science information important right here and right now?”
Chip grinned at the Mist Cloud. “This fun outer space journey is amazing. We all are personally witnessing with our eyeballs numerous new celestial phenomena that only an artificial camera lenses sees.”
“You are an artificial camera lenses, Microchip!” Stoker laughed monitoring the hologram monitors of the flame-burn engines.
The cyborg spins around and uses his pair of implanted eyelashes, winking to Stoker. Chip stated, “That statement relates to both me and you, Stoker.” He laughs then turns to study the Mist Cloud.
Leer expressed, “This is an outer space mission, not a pleasure cruise.” He smiles with laughter. The Outlaw mission is almost completed. The hour, based on Neptune, is 09/09/09 hours/minutes/seconds. He will be back home, after briefing the Outlaw leaders on Saturn, before the lunch meal.
“Halt the ship!” Chip shouted in alarm. He gasps in shock then quickly stands staring into the Mist Cloud. A pink tinted object hovers in cold, black outer space thousands of miles slightly above a red tinted Mars.
Leer ordered. “Halt the ship, Hero!” The warship halts with a jolt and sounds of bending metals beside Tean. Darsha parks her warship beside Leer. He leans his body into the Mist Cloud frowning with puzzlement. He exclaimed. “What’s that?”
Eartha returns to face the Mist Cloud gasping in alarm and slides off the cushion standing upright and stares at the object within the Mist Cloud. She proclaimed. “That’s another pink tinted warship. Did Team pass us and then stop ahead of us posing in outer space?”
Hero stated. “Tean and Darsha have halted and sit beside our warship. That is…”
“No!” Stoker laughed.
She gasped. “That’s Taradiddle’s warship parking in the middle of the outer space and nicely hovers above Mars. Blast his assets right now!”
Leer lifts his palm and studies the Mist Cloud. He ordered, “No, wait! What is Taradiddle doing hanging over the butterscotch soils of Planet Mars like an Earth spider?”
She sneered, “Who cares? We got him right where we want him! Blast his warship into fragments of space dust, Zero!”
Hero stated. “We can’t blast any life form or object over a planet world, without permission from the Mars leaders and your Outlaw supervisor Darsha.”
She snarled, “Then call her, Zero! Geez! Do I need to make all the freaking decisions around here!”
Stoker stands and studies the Mist Cloud. He expressed, “Wait! Something else is happening!”
Chip said with a frown. “What’s happening to blue and white tinted Planet Earth? It...it is not a pretty blue and white hue anymore. It…it is a red and black ugly color now. Yet, I can’t figure it out.”
Hero stated. “Your selected verb must become a past tense verb now. Something collided into the blue and white tinted Planet Earth!”
Leer gasps in shock. He asked, “What! How! Who!”
Purry stated, “Well, it’s not Taradiddle or his warship. They both still hover over the butterscotch soils of Planet Mars without movement, like us.”
Leer ordered. “Analyze the collision of something with Planet Earth, right now, Zero!”
Hero stated, “Yes, Captain Leer.” The belly metal panel blinks in colored dots. Then it states. “The colliding object carried the kinetic energy associated with the collision of 1,200 megatons of dynamite blast destructive power of a nuclear weapon.”
Eartha stares at the ball of red and black hue morphing into a glowing fireball. “What! What does that mean?”
Hero explained. “An 8.6 megaton dynamite blast equal an Earth cyclone. A 2.6 megaton dynamite blast equals an earthquake event on Planet Earth. One megaton blast can power a residential house with four earthlings for 103,000 Earth years.”
Chip frowned at the glowing fireball. “I do not understand your statements, Hero. What are you saying?”
Maybe, this new batch of scientific information will explain the situation to each life form. “The word, bennu, means an Ancient Egyptian mythological bird associated with the Solar Sun, the creation of life, and the rebirth of life. In the year 1999, in the month of September, Wednesday, on the 22nd, it measured 1,250 feet tall and 1,640 feet long flying 1,365,630 miles away from Planet Earth.
“In the year 2005, in the month of September, Tuesday, on the 20th, it flew 1,068,350 miles away from Planet Earth.
“In the year 2054, in the month of September, Wednesday, on the 30th, it flew 1,006,000 miles away from Planet Earth.
“In the year 2060, in the month of September, Thursday, on the 23rd, it flew 460,000 miles away from Planet Earth.
“In the year 2135, in the month of September, Sunday, on the 25th, it flew 65,000 miles away from Planet Earth.”
Chip gasps in shock. He stated. “You mentioned that before to us, Hero!”
Hero stated, “Yes, I did. In the year 2175, in the month of September, Monday, on the 25th, it flew 334,000 miles away from Planet Earth.”
Eartha stared at the red and black ball. “Wait! The Bennu Asteroid is flying away from Planet Earth in the year 2175.”
Stoker stared at the red and black ball also. “The Bennu Asteroid possesses an elliptical orbit and is influenced by the gravitational pull from both Mars and Jupiter.”
“O!” She said.
“O no!” Leer stated.
Hero stated, “In the year 2196, in the month of September, Saturday, on the 24th, it flew 27,900 miles away from Planet Earth. The next schedule appearance of the Bennu Asteroid occurs on Friday…”
Chip asked, “What is today?”
Eartha stated, “Today is Friday, based on both Earth and Neptune calendar.”
“An asteroid loses rock and dust and particles and matter and materials.” Stoker stated.
Hero explained. “Over the past 200 years, the Bennu Asteroid has reduced by fifty percent and measures 620 feet high by 820 feet long by 451 feet wide.”
Eartha waves both of her arms in the air and wears an angry face. She shouted. “No! No! No! The Earth scientists told that a flying asteroid measuring 0.621 or less miles in length would not create a world extinction event on Planet Earth.”
“They were wrong!” Leer stated.
“This is all wrong!” Stoker whispered.
Chip gasped. “What! How is that even humanly possible!”
Hero stated. “Looking backwards in chronological time, based on my working computer memory banks, the Bennu Asteroid travels at 63,000 miles-per-hour. At 01:01:01 hours/minutes/seconds, based on Neptune time, the asteroid was located 567,000 behind Planet Earth.”
Leer screamed. “No! No! No! Tell the last moments of asteroid impact with the doomed planet, Hero!”
The robot stated, “At 09:09:09 hours/minutes/seconds, the Bennu Asteroid was located 126,000 space miles speeding behind Planet Mars, crossing the empty void, without hitting another significate object, chasing after Planet Earth at 63,000 miles-per-hour while Earth maintained a velocity of 10,616,438.35 miles-per-hour. The Bennu Asteroid passes on Friday, September 20, 2199, at 09:11:01 hours/minutes/seconds.”
Stoker asked, “What! What time did we arrive here at Mars?”
Hero stated, “At 09:09:09 hours/minutes/ seconds, we stopped beside Planet Mars.”
“We could have stopped this thing.” Chip said.
“We could have saved Earth.” Eartha stated.
“We should have saved ourselves.” Purry stated.
“Didn’t!” Stoker frowned.
“Destiny!” Chip frowned.
“Fate!” Eartha frowned.
“Fuck!” Leer frowned.
“The ancient Bennu Asteroid ran behind Planet Earth for one million years and eventually was destined to crash into the planet. So, as all the alien history books will state, on September 19, 2199 A.D., at 09:11:01 hours/minutes/second, it did. Now, Planet Earth has been destroyed by a runaway Bennu Asteroid.” Hero announced.
“We saw…” Eartha softly stated. She gasps in shock and starts to sob with unhappy tears for her fellow dead earthlings on her destroyed birth planet. Then her life force will end too.
“We could have destroyed…” Chip stated. He frowns with sad feelings that his life force is going to end in a blaze of defeat.
“We should have destroyed…” Stoker stated. He nods with a sad face as he feels strong facing his death day.
“We did not destroy…” Leer stated. He stares with a defeat look at the approaching pretty shock wave.
Within an eyelash blink, a blue, yellow, red, pink, and green destructive shock wave slams into four pink-tinted hovering man-made human warship and a fixed red-tinted planet creating trillions of fragments of space dust then races through the rest of fixed planets, flying asteroids, trailing comets and all twinkling stars creating more space dust particles then the shock wave exits the Solar System, moving towards a new galaxy.



The End of Everything



P.S. The Prime Creator plans to start all over again….
