
Flawed Gods
By
Angela B. Mortimer

Flawed Gods
PUBLISHED BY:
Angela B. Mortimer at Smashwords
Copyright © 2012 by Angela B. Mortimer
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, or places, events, or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.
Adult Reading Material
*****


I’d like to thank my husband John for his tolerance and cups of tea, my master wordsmith cousin, Phillip for his edit, and my IT friend Steve for his patience as I struggled with my various computers, and amazingly didn’t laugh at my many stupid questions.
I hope you enjoy the story as much as I enjoyed writing it.

Introduction to Earth Forming.
Lecturer Carnoto, son of Carno.

Homework:
No Earth can be the same as another:
List the reasons for this.
Our science aims to defeat the natural chaos of creation:
List why we rarely succeed to achieve this.
For discussion at appointed tutorial.
*****


FLAWED GODS

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38

Chapter 1
She couldn’t sleep, sad and lonely without Paul. Why come into work early? She hadn’t even turned on the computer, just made two cups of coffee, both left untouched and cold, and stared out of the window for two hours. It was almost nine and the office was coming alive. Her workmates stared at her as they passed. It hadn’t been long since Paul’s death, only two weeks. This was why they left her alone, frightened of any real intimacy with her, and unsure of what to say after their initial expressions of sympathy.

In an uncharacteristic Louise Baker way, Doella stretched her long legs and ruffled her hair. Louise was never casual; she pulled herself together, convinced a change was coming, not of her making. Doella tried to ignore it, but the emotion was overpowering. Today will be like yesterday, and tomorrow the same. Waiting, waiting, when would they get here? Work seemed unimportant now. Although she’d immersed herself in it for five years. Five long years, pretending to be the same as everyone else. Now with Paul dead, there was no reason to stay. Time to move on again. The depression was getting stronger, coming from without rather than within. Something shifted, and someone prevented her from finding out why, someone powerful and used to her mental signature. I should push against it, make it show itself, but I’ll wait until the others come. Her thoughts were jumbled, confused. It was unlike the usually self-controlled Doella ­- she was more than confused, frightened too. Hurry up and get here, she thought. It’ll be easier to be prepared for what might happen if we’re together. We are stronger then.
The intercom buzzed and she forced herself back to this reality.
‘Two gentlemen in reception to see you, Louise; they said you were expecting them.’
‘I’m sorry Mary; I forgot. Show them up. No, on second thoughts, I’ll come down.’
She stood up buttoning the black jacket of her business suit, and then, feeling too restricted unbuttoned it again. As she walked to the lift, she felt the sympathetic eyes of everyone following her.
‘Poor Louise,’ they whispered when they thought she couldn’t hear, ‘fancy losing him like that, such a shame.’
Two men stood at the window watching the rainfall. Like Louise, they too were tall and blonde. Word got around, and younger women came to see Mary on the slenderest of excuses. Doella observed their whispers. They assumed the men waiting must be her brothers because they looked so alike. Both turned at her approach. A smile was all that was necessary. A slight touch of hands and they followed her into the street.
‘I’ll be back in an hour, Mary,’ she told the receptionist. And she said to herself, or maybe never. That would give them something to talk about for months - possibly years.
The rain stopped, and a sticky humid atmosphere greeted them. London seemed louder and dirtier than ever. Her senses heightened.
I don’t want to go back to Varos right away. You’ve been off world so long, it might interest you to stay awhile. I know somewhere we can go. She then spoke aloud, sensing they looked odd standing there and saying little. ‘We can discuss matters there. It’s noisy so no one will overhear us; and since it’s before lunchtime, we should find somewhere to sit.’
‘Fine, Doella.’ Simune spoke, an odd inflexion to his speech.

They followed Doella without further remark, each one nursing his thoughts as to what might happen next, but glad to be together again after so long apart. With the triangle complete, the sense of power and energy was invigorating. They felt stronger together.
She led them to a pub in a smart back street. It was dark; the walls had the original wood panelling. Doella ordered what she thought they might enjoy. Takos helped her bring the drinks to a well-concealed table in a small booth.
‘What’s happened?’ Doella used speech again, indicating the others do the same. But the silence remained unbroken for a few moments as the men sipped their beer, something they hadn’t done for a long time. Doella waited, not touching her drink. Again she spoke softly so as not to be overheard. ‘What’s happened? It must be serious if you’re here together. The last time you both came it was the late thirties, and it was horrible.’ She shivered, reliving old memories.
‘Unfortunate but controllable - as you remember Doella,’ Simune replied.
‘Unfortunate? Look how many people died,’ she retorted.
Takos interjected, both reluctant and eager to tell her the news. ‘Carnos has escaped.’
Again, there was silence. Doella took a sip from her drink. She put the glass down on the table and turned it around and around. At last, she broke the heavy silence. ‘I thought so. I registered him yesterday; he reached out to me. Why is he still in interlamina, I thought he must be back on Varan.’ She looked puzzled and then shivered as she spoke. ‘I’ve been expecting you to come, Takos, but not you, Simune,’ her voice was flat and expressionless. ‘I suppose this is the time to decide what we’ve been dreading; to bring an end to this Earth experiment.’
Takos answered. ‘It’s not easy, is it? Our Earth people are at a tough time in their development. If Carnos has escaped, and is still up to mischief, he may manipulate them again; make everything “hot up,” as they say, and destroy each other. We should leave the Council to deal with him.’
‘His name is Carnos - remember. His name is Carnos.’ She experienced anger. Why? She was unsure. But Doella repeated the name, not spoken or heard in a long time, but she knew somehow Carnos perceived her. A faint shimmer in the atmosphere, a faint echo from somewhere, told her he was aware. Silence again. They finished their drinks, and using Doella’s money, Takos bought more.
Simune spoke, forcing the oppressive silence to end. ‘There is still more we can learn here, but we must decide what we should do.’
Doella, hardly listening, said, ‘It’s up to me; I must change him.’ She sighed. ‘I should have tried harder. It was my fault; I have much pain and suffering to answer for over the past thousand years.’ Her voice was sad but resigned. The past couldn’t be changed.

As the pub was getting crowded, she switched to mind speech. I suggested we could stimulate the speed of development by introducing a more aggressive and negative side to their nature. It was necessary to bring Evil here. We made them strive against it to speed up their development, and they advanced much faster. My theory proved right, along with those statistics from the other Earth worlds. ‘It was not what my heart felt, but it was what the records showed.’ She spoke like a human being again, full of emotion, and laughed when the others looked quizzical. She looked at them accusingly and carried on in the same vein, the words rushing out, unable to stop the flow. ‘Unlike you, I have lived with them, whereas you have shut yourselves away with your technology.’ She looked directly at Simune. ‘To you, they are just records, figures and statistics; and to you Takos - they have actual emotions, although you still treat them like animals in one of their zoos. To me they are real. Some I have loved. But I can’t keep anyone for long. I’m not allowed to enhance their lives so they live longer. It’s not our policy, and so I have hurt and been hurt so many times.’
Takos reached for her hand. Doella, stay at Varos Base with us.
‘No,’ she replied aloud to his silent comment. ‘I couldn’t do my job. I couldn’t understand them as well as I do now. It was up to me.’ She spoke without bitterness, trying to dismiss the thought of a safe life at Varos with Takos.
The other two read the confusion in her mind, but Takos was the one who said.
 ‘Doella, you have been on this world too long.’
‘You mean I have Earth sickness?’ She didn’t look at either of them, just kept twirling her glass on the torn, stained, cardboard coaster.
‘Doella it’s not your fault,’ Takos whispered.
‘I still empathise.’
‘We introduce a negative element into their genetic structure. We learned a long time ago it speeds up development.’ Simune was logical, as always.
‘But we added too much.’ Doella insisted.
‘Carnos did.’ Simune was losing patience. ‘No aggression factor, no advancement, just stagnation and deadly monotony.’
‘Just like Varan.’
Doella went too far. A long silence followed. She finished her wine.
Simune thought it wise to offer her hope. ‘We’ve time left before we leave them on their own. We can’t change everyone, but we may calm down a few trouble spots.’
‘Then we need Carnos to help,’ she insisted.

The men looked at each other. Doella saw it and was puzzled. They kept their true feelings to themselves. Takos reached again for her agitated hands.
‘He’s been so long on his own and maybe even more unstable; perhaps dangerous. I don’t want him near you,’ he said.
‘He won’t hurt me. Why is he still in interlamina? It makes little sense.’ They ignored her question.
‘We may conclude the project and return to Varan,’ Simune suggested.
‘No Simune, please no.’ Doella was getting angry. ‘You know they aren’t ready. They wouldn’t survive but destroy each other.’ She realised many in the pub stopped talking and were listening to their argument as it grew louder. ‘Speak in Norwegian, if we use mind-speech our silence will make us appear even odder,’ she whispered in that tongue. ‘I’ve become so used to English now; I forget they can overhear us.’ She smiled as if to shelve the problem for a while, have peace from the disagreements, and allow the other patrons their conversations. They soon lost interest in the strangers who made little sense.
 ‘It’s good to see you both. I’ve missed you. It’s hard living on-world; it’s as if I’m carrying an invisible secret, and I can’t confide in anyone. I’m constantly changing my identity, choosing to love someone, and then having to leave before they become suspicious. I’m not what I seem. I’ve become, as you say, a little too human. Even my arguments are no longer scientific. I’m sorry for my outburst - I had no right to submit you to it.’ She looked at them. They buried their thoughts, but she caught what they were thinking: is she another rogue Varan, rare but so destructive…
‘Do you have any attachments at the moment?’ asked Simune.
The question was on Takos’ tongue while they talked, but he couldn’t say it.
‘No, he died a short time ago,’ she said sadly. ‘The manner of his death was odd. A car ran over him, but there was no driver inside the vehicle. Many people saw what happened. The police said the brakes were faulty, but I found it strange. So many of my friends have died in odd circumstances. I wondered at the time if Carnos had anything to do with it, but it was just a suspicion. I told myself he was on Varan. How did he escape from interlamina without the technology? Well, perhaps he has.’
Takos and Simune looked uncomfortable.
‘Yes,’ said Simune, ‘but there’s more. He’s using the lamina areas to his advantage. We are concerned he may try to trap you somewhere. He couldn’t keep you there without your permission, but he may want to establish communication with you.’
‘Why me? Why not one of you?’
Takos reluctantly replied. ‘You were friends. No, more than friends - he loved you. You know that, although you won’t admit it.’
‘He may react differently now, Takos. He may hate me. I rejected him if you remember. I told him I wouldn’t leave you. If I loved him, none of this horror would have happened.’
‘Doella, we have learned more from this than just a lesson in genetics.’ Simune sounded cold, and his eyes narrowed. ‘We should go back to Varos now and make rational decisions.’
Simune’s coldness worried Takos. Usually, he was the logical scientist, but at other times, he became angry for reasons Takos couldn’t fathom; and it was anger more dangerous because it burned like ice. Takos knew when Simune spoke this way he was no longer interested in arguing, only in action.
‘Simune is right,’ he said, dismissing his concerns about his friend. It wouldn’t help if Doella knew their secret. ‘It would be safer if you travelled by plane to Oslo and then took a car to the base.’
‘You’re right; I must come back. It’s time I moved on. I prefer to travel back with you. I’m sure you’re wrong - Carnos wouldn’t try to kidnap me. It would make his position worse.’ She got up, and the others followed her outside. It was raining again.
Takos took hold of her by the shoulders. He spoke urgently. ‘Please, Doella, take a plane. It will be safer.’
Simune interrupted. ‘You won’t change her mind. You know how stubborn she is. Doella is there a quiet place nearby?’
‘It’s hard to find a quiet place in London.’ Doella laughed as she said it, but inside she shook.
They found a deserted alley at the back of the restaurants, filled with old boxes and rubbish. They stood in a circle holding hands. On their wrists, each wore a small, insignificant bracelet. Their bracelets glowed slightly, and suddenly their figures disappeared.
When they arrived at Varos base, deep underground in the far north of Norway, Takos and Simune realised their companion had vanished. A search of the base told them she was missing, just as Takos feared.
Takos moaned and made a motion to go back. ‘You were right; he was waiting to make his move. But how did he know?’ He looked poised ready to move back into lamina.
‘No, you can’t follow now.’ Simune stopped him. ‘We knew this might happen. He can’t keep her for long. I told you, he’s spying on us.’
‘But how could he escape? He should still be where we imprisoned him. He may not  hold her for long, Simune, but he might change her.’ Takos was white with fear.
‘You won’t be able to find them without preparation, Takos. They could be anywhere. You might become lost yourself.’
Takos sat on a nearby chair and put his head in his hands. ‘Simune, what should we do?’
‘We wait.’

Chapter 2
Doella knew what happened as soon as the darkness engulfed her. The only way they’d resolve the excessive aggression factor was with Carnos’ help. She had no fear and called on long unused, natural powers to find a focal point. First, she regained control over her body and then the surroundings.
The darkness diminished, and she made out walls on either side; thick looking stone ran parallel, to what? Bare feet pressed against smooth slabs. The constricting London clothes, replaced by ones in keeping with her Varan heritage. Carnos planned this to the last detail.

Doella was now Varan, her beauty no longer hidden in a human shell. She gleamed and glistened with a golden hue. Her hair streamed down like a pale gold waterfall, and startling eyes were now the colour of deep green emeralds. Sensuously clothed in a transparent material, which glittered blue on silver, as it sometimes covered, sometimes exposed her lovely shape. She sighed and stretched, stronger in her true form. Not having to disguise her appearance refuelled her energy.

She walked along the corridor. It seemed to stretch forever. Perhaps it did, she reasoned. Doella stopped and gathering her thoughts, shifted her perspective, and decided to take a different route - then found herself in a large medieval-style room. With the same stone walls as the endless corridor, and a few high arched windows through which she saw a dark, starlit sky, which appeared to be real, but wasn’t. A large fire burned without heat in the middle of the room. To one side of the fire, a table was set with food and drink, with two chairs waiting. A large canopied bed took up most of one side of the room. Large tapestries covered the bare stones of the walls. Doella observed the typical medieval scenes of battles and peasants working in fields.
‘Strange subjects for Carnos,’ she mused aloud and turned to see him standing behind her.
But not for you, Doella. He didn’t speak aloud.

They looked at each other. He was as she remembered - his handsome face with a stubborn chin, which summed up his personality.
Doella broke the silence. ‘Well, Carnos?’ His name sounded strange. No matter how hard she tried to appear disinterested, her voice shook. It was strange, but pleasant to see him again. ‘You haven’t changed, and I thought you might have grown horns and hooves like one of the human’s devil creatures.’
The laugh that answered her forced humour was brittle. ‘And you are as beautiful as ever, but your eyes are sadder.’
He stepped closer as if to embrace her, but she moved back. His hands dropped to his sides. Silence again. Doella moved toward a window and pretended to gaze at the fixed sky. Carnos walked across to the table and poured a glass of wine. She accepted without comment and took a sip. ‘Why have you brought me here?’
‘You wanted to come.’
She turned to face him. His eyes were cold and empty, not the deep, sparkling blue she remembered.
‘I wanted to come? You arrogant fool.’ She turned away again, the wine spilt onto her dress. ‘Why would I want to see you again?’
‘Isn’t this your plan?’ His voice was tight. ‘Isn’t this what you had in mind when you excluded me from the project, and the light… and from you?’ He threw his full glass against the wall. The wall rippled, and the glass disappeared. He walked back to the table to fill another one.
Doella turned to face his back. ‘I excluded you? You were the one who left. You changed the programs, altered the evolution phases.’
He walked over and gripped her shoulders. Looking into her face, with eyes now alive. ‘Are you sure? Science is more important to you than love. We are part of an experiment. Not just humans, but Takos, Simune… that’s why you were left in control? A fine example of a Varan female, learned, powerful and ruthless.’

She dropped her eyes for a moment, recovered and shrugged his hands away, then sat at the table, pretending to eat. Carnos joined her and they ate in strained silence. Doella stared into the fire, determined not to think about or admit his accusations.

Carnos watched her face. She needed to break the tension, but didn’t know what to say. His hand stole over hers, and she jumped.
‘Doella, I knew you’d come. Those thoughts kept me sane. Come and sit here.’ He showed her the soft rugs near the fire.
She followed as he pulled her closer to the fireplace, but did not sit beside him, watching the flames, unable and perhaps unwilling to control this situation. Admitting only to her deepest self. You are right Carnos; I have been waiting for you but waiting for something different from your expectations. Your words have sown a seed of doubt in the feelings I was so sure of.
His eyes lit up with forgotten want. It was as if he’d read the thoughts she fought so hard to conceal. She tried not to love him because of Takos. I am Varan, not human. I have no doubts we acted as we should… but the seed of doubt ripened.

Doella sighed and moved away. She gazed unseeingly at the sky that did not exist. He got up, followed, and put his arms around her. She didn’t resist as he led her to the bed. She felt a delicious rush of passion and did nothing to change what was happening.
He pushed her onto the bed and kissed her. She responded, forgetting the years, which separated them, as he explored her body in the way she remembered so well. Forgot the evil he committed, the lovers she assumed he’d destroyed. She’d known his imprisonment was not complete; that he was still in interlamina. Although she’d pretended he was safe, back on Varan, after serving the short time in lamina to cool his anger. She’d heard him call to her when she was alone, yet done nothing to secure him and not told the other two. Nor had she asked why he was still imprisoned, when he should have been freed long ago. She ignored everything, trying to pretend she’d no right to interfere. Of what was she frightened? He was right. She loved him despite everything she believed he’d done.
Doella surrendered to their passion. She realised how much she’d missed him, how her other lovers were incapable of satisfying her, even Takos. She forgot Takos and their promise of marriage, forgot everyone and everything for this long-denied passion.

He stood up, took off his loose gown, and it fell to the floor. Returning to the bed, he looked at her with an expression she could not interpret and pulled the cord, which kept her Varan dress together. No words, but in his mind he heard her asking him to touch her, pleading. She waited, her eyes closed.
This was what he’d hoped. He responded to Doella’s urgent lust. Slid his hands up her legs, pausing for a moment, and then moving to her perfect breasts, the nipples hard with passion, and rubbed them between his finger and thumb. She moaned with desire.
‘Doella, I knew you still wanted me.’ He bent to kiss her mouth, pressing his body onto hers. She arched her back, pushing against him, begging him to enter her. She was wet with passion. Carnos licked and sucked at her breasts, enjoying her, striving his utmost to make sure she’d never forget what they experienced together. He wanted to be the only lover she’d ever need.
She gave in to her feelings. As their lovemaking reached its climax, her mind soared. She felt detached from her body as its sensations built towards orgasm.
Carnos couldn’t control his passion as he rocked inside her. She matched his movements, and he squeezed her breasts harder. His hands roamed down her body, she moaned and arched her back as he caressed her. The waves of her orgasm vibrated in his mind, triggering his climax, and he groaned and collapsed onto her.
They held each other without speaking. If it was night-time in this prison, they’d spend the rest of it making love. Sated and exhausted, they slept.
He awoke to find her gone.
Takos and Simune noticed her return. When she didn’t ask to see him, Takos headed for her quarters. Simune stopped him at the door. ‘You’re too close to this, Takos.’
Takos said nothing, but Simune sensed his acquiescence and entered Doella’s apartments alone.
Her quarters were large. The complex originally built for hundreds of Varan when they arrived on this planet to start another human race. Simune knew where she’d be. He walked through the rooms, each one filled with precious items from the past times and the many lives she’d lived on-world, a treasure trove of ancient memories.
Thermal springs filled the deep caves surrounding Varos, and Carnos built a room to use them. Doella lay in a rock pool, filled with warm spring water. This was a retreat from the tensions of living on the surface with her beloved human beings. Her golden body took on a silver cast beneath the green water. ‘Join me, Simune?’ she asked.

He sat on the edge of the pool and tried to hide his emotions, to stay cool and scientific. Takos and I know what happened. Your emotions were powerful. It didn’t take much 
imagination to know what you were doing.
She ignored his anger, unwilling to commit further to her emotional confusion. ‘He has his bracelet.’
Simune’s anger disappeared. ‘When we arrived here without you, I knew, otherwise, he couldn’t intercept you. I looked for the bracelet, it wasn’t in its stasis container, and the records don’t show when or how it went missing. I haven’t checked for a while.’
‘There’s more.’ She closed her eyes and tried to relax in the water. ‘He’s formed a large holographic area in his interlamina, and that can’t be achieved with just a bracelet. I looked around before I left. I know he’s an excellent technician, but even he can’t create such a place with the little equipment we left him. Where else could he get the tools? They were both silent. At last, Doella opened her eyes and rose from the water. Simune handed her her wrap.
Apart from formal meetings, it was the Varan custom to discuss matters over the evening meal. In Varos, custom always prevailed. The food was created here; the replicating machine rearranged the molecules and basic matter of energy to resemble the natural equivalent. Takos and Simune rarely went to the surface, but when they did, they enjoyed sampling fresh foods. Tonight, the meal was less important than usual.
When Doella arrived, the men were seated, unsure if she’d join them. Instead of the close-fitting functional suit worn outside private quarters, she wore a garment like the one Carnos created in lamina. Not strange for Doella to dress in this fashion, for only the three of them were in residence, but tonight was different. The dress was unsuitable for appeasement or forgiveness. Instead, she taunted them. It impressed neither man. Doella sensed Simune’s anger and was surprised. She realised her rebellious gesture only made matters worse.

Takos tried to ignore her state of undress. They hadn’t slept together for six months. He’d missed her but now wished she hadn’t come. He believed his plans for their life together were betrayed. Varans agree to bond long before their eventual marriage, but they are free to take other lovers during this period, for a Varan marriage lasts a long time. But Doella broke the conventions by sleeping with the criminal Carnos.
She accepted she’d been wrong to wear the dress, but not sleeping with her old friend. Takos didn’t place his hand over hers in a token of forgiveness, as he’d always done in the past. Simune’s anger and Takos’ sad despair were easy to read. Her past mistakes were coming back to haunt her, and now she’d compounded them by yielding to her powerful passion for Carnos. If Takos did not forgive her, they’d brand her a trouble-maker, a renegade. No one ever changed his or her bondmate. A sense of honour was more desirable than beauty in a wife. Varan rules held the virtue of honour to be paramount, for it was necessary to pass the right genes onto the next generation. Young Varans worked away from the home planet for two-to-six-thousand years. After which they often married and returned to Varan, or one of its colonies, and raised many children, who were copies of themselves. Those who did not wish to marry often continued in their chosen careers. Rebels were rare and not tolerated by the conservative Varan.

Doella couldn’t eat but drank fruit wine sent by relatives from the home planet. She prepared answers to their expected questions, but no one communicated. Unable to stand the silence, she blurted, ‘It would be a good idea if you became leader, Simune. After I met with Carnos, I’m compromised.’
Simune turned to her. ‘Compromised - is that what you call it? I’d call it something else. Since you’ve graced us with your presence less and less in recent years, you haven’t noticed I already fill the position.’
She looked away from Simune’s blazing eyes and turned to Takos, willing him to talk, or even acknowledge her. He was usually kind, no matter how much she tried his patience with her on-world obsessions and relationships. But Takos was cold and angry. He knew Carnos was no ordinary lover.
Doella left without a word, struggling to control her thoughts. She kept repeating: I must keep control - Varan cannot cry, envying the humans release of passion through tears.
The No Enter lock on the door activated at her request. Lying on the bed, she longed for rest to free her from inner turmoil, but sleep refused to come. She got up and wandered around, gazing at beloved possessions, recalling the people they represented; but only one face haunted her. She hoped a light sedative drink might help her slumber. It did, but her dreams were worse than reality.
Still, she slept.
Simune and Takos hadn’t spoken about what happened. They talked throughout the meal, but neither concentrated on the subject of interest. They then sat in silence.
Takos give a deep sigh. ‘I should go to her.’
Simune’s anger flared. ‘I’m tired of you always running after her; always so forgiving. This was no ordinary lover.’ He regretted his outburst. Takos was trying to come to terms with his feelings and deciding his future with Doella.
It appeared he had. ‘I’ll go to her,’ he said.

At the same moment, they heard a buzzing sound and felt a slight jolt through the fabric of the base. Simune rushed toward a control panel. ‘Doella’s rooms,’ he shouted as he ran through the door. Takos followed.

Doella dreamed someone called and strove to wake up, but her head was fuzzy from the drink. There was a soft green light, and as she focused, a form took shape. She struggled to sit up, but her head was heavy. Then she recognised Carnos - not his actual body, but a holographic image sometimes used by the Varan for communication.
‘Doella, Doella, wake up,’ he urged.
Takos and Simune were trying to enter the room. ‘Door open,’ she whispered.
The image turned as they approached. ‘I was right not to come here in person, my love. Simune has changed his security system. He has been negligent in the past and didn’t change the vibration rates. It was easy to come and go unnoticed.’
Takos ran to Doella. The image could not harm, but he needed to show he protected her.
Simune spoke to Carnos. He’d regained control, his voice calm and even. ‘I suppose you wanted us here too. If you sought to speak to Doella alone, I’m sure you wouldn’t have announced your entrance so loudly.’
Carnos laughed. ‘You’re as cold as ever, Simune, but I wonder if you are as icy as you make out.’ He looked at Doella.
Simune remained impassive. ‘We are here, what do you want to say?’
‘It’s simple. Leave me alone, and allow Doella to come with me. She loves me, not Takos,’ He continued to look at Simune, ‘If you do this, I’ll leave you alone. If not…’ He laughed, but there was no mirth in the sound.
‘Or?’ asked Simune.
‘It’s very simple. Your experiment here will exacerbate. I’m still able to influence your playthings Doella, and I can make them do anything I wish. My equipment is well-hidden Simune and I am a better technician.’
‘You’re bluffing,’ Simune replied, his voice betraying emotion.
‘Am I? I may not stop there. I can travel to other spatial and time streams and cause even more havoc… just for scientific research, you understand. Wouldn’t that be interesting data to send to Varan?’ He smiled, and then his face turned as cold as Simunes.
Simune glanced at Takos.
‘He’s bluffing Simune, he won’t do it,’ Takos said. ‘He just wants Doella; but she’s my bondmate, Carnos, not yours.’ She pulled Takos closer.
‘Doella?’ Her name was a question on Carnos’ lips.
She did not answer; instead, clung closer to Takos.
Simune answered for her. ‘I am the leader now; I’ll give you her answer. You have violated Varan law. The council knows everything you’ve done, and has instructed me as to what I must do.’ He spoke as a judge passing sentence. ‘You will surrender to us and then go for rehabilitation to one of the homeworlds.’
‘I don’t think so,’ Carnos interrupted.
‘They have given me the authority to stop you in any way I see fit,’ Simune continued.
Carnos was not the only one who looked surprised. Simune hadn’t mentioned this. Carnos looked from one to the other. ‘Come to me, my love. Please, Doella.’ She moved toward the hologram, but Takos held her back. The image screamed in frustration and disappeared.

Doella was shaking, unable to control events, or emotions, she felt powerless. Takos stayed with her, holding her until she fell asleep again. When she slept, he released her and used his bracelet to activate the anti-force screen around the bed. Reassured she was safe from Carnos, he left and searched for Simune.

Simune tried to sleep, but his mind kept replaying the recent events, and he couldn’t rest. It was a relief when Takos requested admission. He put on a robe and poured wine. Simune sensed his friend’s determination to keep his errant bondmate safe. It cleared his confusion.
‘Takos, I’ve arranged for someone else to look after this Varos base for a while. You and I are going after Carnos.’ Takos did not speak, so Simune continued. ‘I’ve been trying to plan our strategy, but I’d welcome your input.’
There was only one thing on Takos’ mind. ‘What about Doella?’
‘She’ll return to Varan and recover when she’s back with her family.’
Takos nodded in agreement, but he knew she’d not go.
The following evening, Doella joined them for the evening meal. She looked calm and refreshed and wore practical work clothes. Even in these plain garments, she looked beautiful, for they clung to her voluptuous figure. Her hair pulled back in a simple ponytail as if ready to start work. Takos thought she looked lovelier each time he saw her. She smiled, sat next to him, and nodded when he asked her if she was well. Simune sat opposite.
Doella sounded her old self. She addressed most of her remarks to Simune. ‘I know what your plans are and I won’t go back to Varan. I was the catalyst, which triggered Carnos’ non-conformity. Since I’m responsible, I must be there to finish this.’
Takos looked at Simune as if to say, ‘I told you.’

Varans sometimes find it impossible to keep secrets from each other. Communication between individuals was always vulnerable to deliberate or accidental eavesdropping. Thoughts only safe from others if you kept them deep within your mind. Now Doella was recovered, Simune knew he couldn’t leave her. He shrugged his shoulders and offered no arguments.
They planned their journey. With Carnos at full strength, it was hard to say where they’d be travelling. The power of their bracelets meant they could return to base when necessary. They completed their plans, and that evening planned to use where Carnos had taken Doella as a starting point - but first, they needed to find it.
In a short time, their replacements would arrive. Coss and Creel were from a nearby lamina on an early proto-Earth. The Varos bases were alike, so there was no need to explain how the base functioned.
As soon as they arrived, Simune mentally transferred data to them. Once the transfer was complete, the travellers energised their bracelets by thought and prepared to leave.

Chapter 3
Simune entered lamina using instruments which showed where Carnos was or had been. Without these devices, it was possible to be lost in lamina forever. Time flowed at varied rates here, making it difficult to navigate. Simune referred to the amplifying packs he carried on his back to focus his powers and to keep exact records for their safe return.
They materialised inside a safety bubble inserted into the gap between the diverse physical dimensions of lamina. This was only one of the countless fissures, which separated the different layers of existence. Atmospheres existed in many voids, created by the partial destruction of the surrounding stratum - but here there was nothing.
The controlled holographic atmosphere Carnos generated was no longer active. Simune unfolded a gravity platform for stability, and they stood cocooned in their sphere, probing for traces of Carnos’ presence. In perfect attunement, they turned as one, following the clearest trace.

This interlamina was almost black and pushed against the bubble. It horrified Doella, Carnos was left here for so long, lacking the usual checks from the authorities. At the time, it was impossible to send him home. When they confronted him, he’d been so enraged they’d been unable to subdue him. He’d discovered their plans and enhanced his powers with programmed technology. With that, he constructed this holo-dwelling as a base; and although the others hadn’t realised it, he could leave it if he wished. But it was still a prison. Without companions, the loneliness must have pressed on him more than the blackness of the external void. Doella sensed it and now felt guilty she’d ignored her conviction they still confined him, and not on Varan, as she assumed. What was worse was she hadn’t asked Simune about him, as if then he couldn’t trouble her thoughts.

Soon they found the small box which contained the holo-projector. These projectors could be used anywhere to supply atmosphere and pre-programmed physical materialisations. Carnos wasn’t sent with a powerful one. How he’d obtained equipment without their knowledge was still a mystery. Simune activated the projector, and they found themselves in the room where Doella was seduced.
She was determined to keep her emotions under control, but the memories of their lovemaking were hard to resist. Fractions of her thoughts escaped and were sensed by the others. She didn’t want to offend them, so she thrust the thoughts deeper, where her companions could not detect them. Simune indicated they should sit at the table to plan their next move. They sat but the atmosphere was not conducive to relaxation. Strange thought Doella, it didn’t feel so grim the last time.
As if in answer to her thoughts, the fire sprang into life. They were mesmerised by the flames for a few moments. Takos was the first to break free.
‘This place isn’t to Carnos’ taste,’ he said.
‘Perhaps not,’ answered Simune, ‘but it’s like Doellas.’
She tried to sever their focus with a remark. ‘We knew he wouldn’t be here. It may not be easy to find him.’
‘It will take time; he won’t make it simple for us, but I believe he intends us to chase him.’ Simune frowned as he spoke.
‘I concur; look into the flames,’ responded Takos. They saw Carnos left coordinates for them to follow. ‘Why has he done that, when we are likely to subdue him?’
‘Think, Doella wouldn’t come back here alone; he’ll have a plan to separate us,’ answered Simune. ‘Don’t you agree, Takos, he will try to persuade Doella to side with him?’
‘You mean he’ll force me to go with him?’ she suggested.
‘We are still unsure, Doella. Sometimes I think you wish to see Carnos again.’ Takos stared at him. Simune regretted his words.
‘Simune, I’ve told you, I’ve decided. I intend to take him back to Varan,’ she insisted. Neither man replied. ‘Come on,’ she continued, ‘we can’t go slowly while the trail is still warm. Simune, do you know where these coordinates will take us?’
Simune did not reply. He focused his mind on the path Carnos took, using the power of the amplifying packs to aid him.
This landscape was unfamiliar; it was a barren desert. The sky had a purple tinge, and the sunlight was hazy.
‘Atmosphere is thin but breathable,’ Simune relayed.
The others nodded in agreement.
‘Not very inviting,’ communicated Doella. ‘Listen, can you hear a strange noise?’
Simune concentrated harder. The buzzing and clacking emanated from a large colony of ant-like insects in the near distance. It was difficult to gauge their size; the flat sameness of the landscape provided no landmarks as a comparison. They knew they could face conflicts in these unknown worlds and hoped they were prepared. None of them had contact with evolved insect life before, and they might find communications complex. It would depend upon the ants’ level of intelligence.
‘Come on, let’s go,’ urged Doella, eager to move forward.
A few moments later, they reached the sand-covered rocky floor of the desert. As soon as they arrived, the noise from the insects stopped. The Varan knew the creatures sensed their presence, and as a precaution, erected another protective bubble.
They registered a mind communication between the ants, but it was impossible to decipher it. Making contact proved futile.
Without warning, the insects surrounded the bubble. Doella panicked for an instant and then regained control. The men formed a protective guard around her.
‘I’m fine,’ she said aloud, and as she spoke, the ants backed away from the edge of the bubble, as if the sound vibrations disturbed them.
‘They can’t reach us in here. Just as well, considering those huge mandibles,’ said Takos.

They were fearsome-looking creatures. They resembled huge ants and reached three metres high when they reared up on their back legs. In colour, they ranged from black through various shades of brown, to white. Their antennae quivered.
The buzzing and clacking started again, and they sensed another burst of mind communication between the insects. A few advanced and pushed against the bubble, clambering up - they looked more fearsome from this angle. They grew angry and began attacking the sphere as if it were an egg to be broken and eaten. The Varan tried to move the bubble with their minds, but they couldn’t propel it through the wall of insect bodies.
‘This isn’t working,’ said Takos. ‘We have to repel them.’
Simune sent a pulse of power into the bubble barrier, which inflicted agony on the insects. Instead of forcing them to retreat, it enraged them, and they bit at the bubble’s surface with their giant mandibles. Simune tried a stronger vibration, and this time they backed away. As fast as they came, they disappeared. Simune recovered and attempted to locate Carnos’ signature again. The other two assisted him before the insects returned.
‘He’s here; I’ve found him.’ Simune’s voice was triumphant. ‘This is a strange place to choose. There’s very little here apart from these ant-like creatures. They probably ate everything else a long time ago.’

Enclosed by the bubble, they used the anti-gravity platform to reach Carnos. Simune stopped. They’d gone over a cliff. Far below them was an enormous dung-coloured city, built by the insects over a lengthy period. It resembled a termite mound on Earth, but it was at least fifty miles wide. Hundreds of turret shaped points overlapped each other; there was no symmetry in their shape.
‘What’s he doing in there?’ asked Takos aloud.
The alien landscape made them uneasy, and their inability to communicate with the creatures accentuated their concern. What’s he planning? Their thoughts echoed from one to the other.
They retreated to consider their options, keeping a watch for any movement from Carnos; but there was nothing - he didn’t intend to give his position away. Combining their powers, they located his presence and established a mental picture of him. He was in a cramped, dimly lit room containing only a small chair, on which he sat. His eyes were closed, and he was smiling. As they probed more, he opened his eyes and waved at them… and then the image faded.
It’s a trap, said Doella. But we must try to reach him and take him back. The three of us will subdue him.

The sky darkened and the remaining ants went into their mound as the sun sank. A loud droning, buzzing sound came from behind them, and a horde of flying insects flew overhead. The swarm was so vast it looked like an opaque cloud, and its transit took several minutes. They resembled the ants in appearance, but unlike them, they possessed large transparent wings. How they flew so close together without tangling their wings was amazing. The insects offered no threat to them, and they flew over the city and beyond.
Come on, thought Simune. This could be a good time to look at the place. The insects are bedding down for the night. We must keep alert in case we need to adjust the bubble - and no verbal speech.

They drifted to the city on the anti-gravity platform, close as possible to Carnos’ location. They saw many dark openings, but there was no way of telling which one would lead them to him.
Simune urged them to keep the ban on verbal communication and to limit their thought contact, in case the creatures sensed them. They agreed to illuminate the bubble, and it flared into radiance as they chose and entered a dark opening. A single ant stood guard inside the entrance, and they edged past it, it didn’t see the light. The ant searched for the source of the movement, and they moved further down the tunnel and away from it.

The tunnels were organic and non-symmetrical. Built from brown soil reinforced with saliva, they had a strong, shiny appearance. Ribbed, arch formations provided extra support, but again they lacked symmetry. Perhaps these forms meant something to the ants, but all the travellers saw was a city of ugly and unsatisfactory proportions. They used the bubble as a platform, so their feet did not touch the ground. It would have been difficult for them to walk, as there was no level floor surface; the bottom of the tunnel covered with strange ribbing. At irregular intervals, other lateral passages branched off from the main one. They pressed onward, following Carnos’ trail.

They heard clacking and buzzing sounds in the distance. They found the experience nerve-racking but controlled their emotions.
At last, they reached the mouth of a smaller tunnel and agreed this was the way to Carnos. The tunnel opened out into a large chamber, the holes in the walls showed many cave openings and therefore insects. The roof was invisible in the darkness.
As they struggled to contain their thoughts and emotions, the quiescent insects stirred around them, and they knew they detected their presence. The insects waved their antennae, but they did not move. It was as if they waited for an order to attack them.

They noticed a faint illumination in one of the lower caves and headed in that direction. The ants followed, making no attempt to surround them.
The bubble stopped at the mouth of the cave. Carnos stood at the entrance, still smiling. He raised his hand and their protection disappeared. The noise and the smells of the insect city assailed their senses. Doella felt a burning pain from the bracelet on her wrist. Carnos sprang forward and seized her by the arm, pulling her away from the others. To her horror, she saw the insects advancing on Takos and Simune.
‘No!’ she screamed at him. ‘No, Carnos; please don’t!’ The pain in her arm became worse. She fell to the floor, on the verge of fainting. Everything grew dim, except for Carnos’ face illuminated by the light. His smile changed to regret as Doella’s senses faded to black.

Chapter 4
Doella opened her eyes, it was hard to focus, and she was nauseous.
‘It will pass.’ She caught the words, but the voice was far away, then she saw where she was. She lay on a bed in a spacious room with high ceilings and walls of grey marble, decorated with panels, which depicted garden and woodland scenes. The sun streamed in through a wide-open window to her left. Gentle sounds of birds and the low drone of insects could be heard. It was delightful after the dark confines of the insect city. Where were Takos and Simune? Then the dizziness returned, and she fell onto the cool, silken pillows.
She sensed a slight touch on her hand and found Carnos sitting on the bed beside her.
‘They’re safe. I turned on their bubble.’ Doella looked at him, trying to sense if he spoke the truth, but she couldn’t reach into his mind. Was he lying?
‘I’m telling the truth. Would you love me if I killed them!’
She had no choice but to believe him. Carnos helped her to sit, placing pillows behind her shoulders to make her comfortable.
He kissed her hand, and she pulled away from him. ‘My bracelet isn’t working,’ she said. ‘You’ve ruined it.’ At the thought of what its loss meant, she panicked.

Carnos reached into her mind to calm her. You’ll soon adapt.
Lamina is closed to me, she replied. I can’t move between different states and dimensions and become lost if I try. I am your prisoner, how clever of you, but you shouldn’t have ruined my bracelet.
He smiled at her. ‘I’d prefer to believe you’re here because you want me. I’m sure you’d wish to repeat our lovemaking as much as I.’ She turned away, pretending to stare out of the window. ‘Rest, you will soon recover.’ He left the room, and Doella fell asleep, her dreams confused, and frightening.
She was unsure how long she’d slept, it was still daylight when she awoke. Doella was stronger and attempted to get off the bed, but her arms and legs refused to respond. Sensing this, Carnos came to her aid. At first, she pushed him away, but then she accepted his support to stand. He pulled her closer and tried to kiss her, but Doella turned her face. Carnos tried again, and this time she returned his kiss. As soon as she realised what she did, she twisted aside, took a few weak steps to the window, and held onto the ledge. Carnos stood behind her, reaching for her breasts. She responded and then asked him to stop. His hands fell down her naked body, brushing her hips. He sighed as he moved away.
‘I’m sure you’d enjoy a bath. There are facilities in the next chamber. I know how you love the waters at Varos. There are clothes in the adjoining room. When you’re ready we’ll share food and talk.’

Doella didn’t move until he left. She then went into the bathroom, her mind confused again, full of jumbled emotions.
None of the rooms had doors. A large bath of ornate classical design stood in the centre of the room. Blue water poured into it and remained at the same level. Even in her confusion, Doella realised this was no primitive world. There was other sanitary ware in a discreet alcove. Afterwards, she sank into the warm liquid. The temperature was perfect, she sighed with pleasure.
As her body relaxed, her mind cleared. There were no voices, no sound of laughter, not even a whisper from whoever might live here. With the doors and windows open, she should hear something from the building’s inhabitants. This was not a hologram.

She took her time and after drying herself with soft blue towels, sat in the sunlight near the window and let the warm breeze dry her hair. The weather was perfect. She used a silver brush and comb on the dressing table. Now refreshed and stronger, but it was strange with no working bracelet. At least the initial weakness was less, as her body compensated for the bracelet’s loss. The worst thing was the lack of freedom. She couldn’t escape from this place unless Simune and Takos found her… which they would. Clever Carnos, but the way he seized her bracelet was sudden and brutal - a violation.

She walked into the small adjoining room. Soft radiance filtered from translucent ceiling lights. The choice of dresses intrigued Doella. They were similar to Varan in style. She chose a dress, which changed colour from deep, sea blue to emerald green with the warmth of her body. There were a variety of sandals too, and she selected a gold pair. Returning to the bedroom, she found a set of jewellery laid out. A large collar with matching earrings, plus wrist and ankle bracelets, made of gold wire, set with tiny coloured gems. Doella picked up the light necklace and slipped it around her neck. The collar came as far as her breasts; the fine twisted gold strands fell between them. She gazed at her reflection, but her surge of satisfaction dissipated as she remembered Takos and Simune. Were they safe? What became of them? She removed the ruined bracelet from her wrist. It wouldn’t work again, and difficult to find a replacement so far from Varan. Damn Carnos, and her lust for wanting him. Well, she’d refuse to give in this time.

She strolled from the apartment into the large and graceful house. Her rooms led into a long atrium which opened onto a circular balcony. They formed the walls from the same grey marble, with the painted frescoes spaced at regular intervals. Flights of steps led into the gardens. The pleasant sound of running water came from a fountain at the opposite end of the room. It was made of metal with a greenish tint, shaped like a large bunch of leaves, and the water cascaded over it. The rest of the furniture, chairs, and a small table made of the same substance.
She looked at the glorious garden and then sat at the table. Fine silken cushions softened the hardness of the metal chairs. It was set for a meal, with bowls of fruit, jugs of drinks, and freshly baked bread. Unsettled she got up and looked into the grounds again. Before they’d appeared a greenish blur, for her distressed emotional state prevented her appreciating their full beauty. The gardens swept around the house, edged with tall trees. With lush lawns, surrounded by beds of shrubs and flowers. The effect was vibrant and colourful, and the plant species were similar to those on Varan or Earth. Movement caught her eye, and she saw small robotic gardening machines floating above the ground. Their many jointed arms ended in an array of different tools. Doella presumed they worked without instructions. Where were the people who built this place? It was beautiful, inside and out.
The time appeared to be late afternoon, for the sun descended towards the horizon. Birds and insects chirped and buzzed everywhere, responding to the peaceful surroundings. Apart from the sound they made, there was complete silence. It was strange but pleasant to be free of the sounds created by technology. She sensed Carnos’ approach and composed herself to meet him. She turned and gave him what she hoped was a polite, non-committal smile. He smiled back, echoed her gesture, and suggested in mind speech a walk in the garden. Without his usual passion, he led her down the steps.

Doella remained quiet and gazed around her, and Carnos took his cue from her as they walked along the attractive, white stone paths. The evening was drawing in, and as it grew darker, lights activated. The large rectangular house, built of the same marble as the interior, did not exceed two storeys. Apart from a series of round towers set into the walls at regular intervals. Flights of steps led into the garden from other terraces and balconies. Despite her imprisonment, Doella acknowledged it was a lovely place.
Carnos sensed her thoughts and replied aloud, ‘I’m glad you enjoy it here.’ His voice sounded strange in the increasing gloom as if it did not belong here; as if it were an intrusion.
Doella didn’t reply. She allowed him to lead her back to the balcony, and he pulled the chair out for her as she sat at the table.

Muted lanterns illuminated the room. For the first time in many days, Doella was at peace. Carnos poured her a glass of mead-like liquor. He looked at her, but she avoided his eyes. The mind silence between them became strained.
Carnos broke it. ‘I love you Doella,’ he said, but she did not respond to his avowal. The strain between them grew more pronounced; the light breeze blew harder, as if in response to their moods.
When at last Doella replied, it was not what Carnos wanted to hear. ‘I’m bewildered. I don’t understand any of this. There’s no use hoping I’ll stay with you. I’m bonded to Takos, and I cannot and will not change that.’ She added if he is still alive, but she knew he was.

Carnos prepared fruit for her, and Doella accepted it. It was fresh, delicious, and grown in the gardens. As she ate, Carnos spoke to her again, this time with no emotion.
‘I’ll answer your queries as far as I can. There are records beneath the house. I learned of the race which once lived here.’ He continued as if delivering a scientific lecture. This gave Doella breathing space in the comfortable world of science. She didn’t interrupt him, although she longed to ask questions. ‘No people are living on the planet. I’m not sure why, but I believe they died out, not because of war or famine or biological forces. It appears to have been a lack of desire to procreate, or unable to do so. I think many of them allowed themselves to only seek pleasure in their beautiful planet, and so the raising of children became too much effort. When they discovered their error, it was too late.’
Doella couldn’t stay silent. ‘The Varan made the same mistake long ago, but we recognised the signs in time and saved ourselves.’ She wished she hadn’t spoken. It spurred on Carnos.

His eyes grew animated as he continued. ‘The little robot machines you saw maintain the gardens and buildings. Inside, they tidy when rooms are empty, but disappear into a hidden system of connecting tunnels when they are disturbed. Underneath the house are stores full of bedding material, cushions, and tableware - as perfect now as when they were first made.
Doella whispered. ‘Who were they, and when did they decline?’
‘I estimate ten thousand years ago. It’s hard to tell because the materials used are so advanced. They were the Cles, and they named this planet Vale.’
Carnos stopped talking and she glanced at him.
‘You’ve spent a lot of time here? I was guilty about your imprisonment interlamina, while in reality, you were here, in these gorgeous surroundings.’
‘I wanted you with me, Doella. I’ve been so lonely without you.’
‘You’ve been planning this for a while?’
‘Yes,’ he admitted, his shining eyes looking into hers.

Doella stood up to break the contact. She didn’t walk into the garden as intended but moved into the interior. Carnos followed her as she ran along a corridor, which stretched the full length of the building. Its open windows showed lovely extensive gardens on this side of the house too. She only stopped when she reached the end of the corridor. Placing her hands and forehead flat against the marble, as if she needed the coolness on her hot skin. She felt sadness at how she’d spent the past five thousand years of her life. It was an unending circle, a whirling confusion of times, dimensions and different existences - and the futility of everything she’d tried to accomplish as she studied the development of the race called by many names. Her precious humans, forced to ripen early (thanks to Carnos, with his over-zealous additions to their carefully conceived programme). It worked, but at significant cost.
Even the Varan aren’t so obsessed with science we can’t find love in our hearts for our creations, she reasoned. All those people killed. It’s not Carnos’ fault; it’s mine. He loves me and wants to please me. It was my idea in the first place, but I didn’t say it should happen. He took that upon himself!
Finally, with a terrible feeling of guilt, she admitted much of the blame was hers. That was the reason she stayed away from Varos. She was responsible too for Carnos’ imprisonment which Simune and Takos were eager for. It was her avoidance of responsibilities, which kept him imprisoned for so long. Were they going to let him out? She was glad he’d escaped; it made her crime and theirs less dreadful now.

Her hands slipped down the walls to her sides, but she kept her face pressed against the coolness of the marble wall. She sensed Carnos behind. He carried a tray of fruit and wine. He heard her reasoning and indicating she accompany him, led her into a tower. She followed, stumbling up the steps and clutching at the wall. He set the food and drinks on a table. She let him take her hands, and they sat on the marble seats, which lined the external parapet, where padded cushions kept the chill of the stone away.
He said, ‘I love you, Doella.’
She didn’t reply but allowed a kiss. He brought her a glass of the wine she’d tasted earlier. She drank but without her bracelet, she felt the effect. Carnos continued to look at her but made no move to touch her. She tried to avoid his eyes by looking over the parapet at the illuminated gardens, or into the star-filled sky. They sat for a long while, not intruding into the other’s thoughts.

Doella calmed. She realised she’d been avoiding the truth. She hadn’t been aware of what was happening between them. Stepping away from her involvement, she tried to imagine how others felt. Takos’ jealousy for Carnos was obvious… but Simune? He was different, immune to her charms. She believed him ambitious, and aware he wanted to be the leader.
Perhaps she heard Carnos echo her thoughts, perhaps not.
They ate a little of the food and drank another glass of wine. Then, sensing she was tiring, Carnos led her down the steps and back along the corridor to her rooms, where he helped remove the jewellery. Still dressed, she lay on the bed, and he covered her with a blanket. Apart from a kiss on her forehead, he made no other move to touch her. Moving his hand over a panel behind the bed, he dimmed the lights and left. Doella fell asleep to dream of sunshine, flowers, and a starlit sky.
She woke late the next morning. A gentle rain fell in the night, dampening the ground, but now the skies were sunny. After bathing, she chose a simple white dress, with no jewellery or footwear. Her bare feet proclaimed a new start. She looked for Carnos.
The table was laid again, Carnos was in the garden. He carried a basket of cut flowers. When he reached the top of the stairs, Doella took it from him and arranged the blooms in a vase in the centre of the table. Carnos watched. When she finished, they ate bread and fruits. They remained silent, neither of them wanting to spoil the balance of their new relationship. The birds sang, and they realised they hadn’t been this happy since on-world together. They finished eating and arm in arm walked into the garden. As they moved away, an army of little robots cleared the breakfast things and took them into their subterranean world.
‘I’ll take you to have a look underneath the house.’
‘Please, Carnos, but not just yet. It’s a lovely day. Show me around the grounds first.’
He smiled and led her to a formal-styled swimming pool. Vines curled over the surrounding stone colonnades. The place was beautiful. Doella sighed with pleasure, and letting her dress fall to the ground, stepped into the water. Carnos watched as she swam. He picked up her dress, sat clutching it, and pressed his face into it.

Doella got out of the pool, enjoying the sun on her body. Carnos came with a towel, brought by one of the ever-vigilant robot servitors, and draped it over her shoulders. She lay naked, letting the sun dry her; then sat up and combed her hair with her fingers. Doella stood up and slipped on the dress, careless of the fact it fell off one shoulder and exposed a breast. She didn’t bother to adjust it but settled next to Carnos on the couch. He took her hand but made no move of further intimacy.
They sat in companionable silence for a while, until Doella spoke: ‘We can’t stay here, can we?’ It was as if a cloud covered the sun.
‘You know they’ll find us,’ he replied, pressing her hand to his lips. ‘I’ve led them away from here, so we can stay for a while, refresh ourselves and perhaps one day we’ll come back.’

Chapter 5
Takos and Simune stood back to fend off the ants, and understood they were unlikely to survive without the protection of a bubble - there were too many insects. Then, to their enormous relief, the ball re-formed around them. Takos laughed aloud. The creatures nearly reached them, enraged they couldn’t seize their prey. They surrounded the bubble again, clawing and snapping at it in a frenzy.
‘Follow them!’ Takos screamed at Simune.
‘I can’t, he’s disabled the search relay.’
‘Quickly, try to go interlamina.’

Next moment they floated in the dirty grey emptiness of an interlamina. Their instruments wouldn’t work, so they agreed to return to Varos. Using their joint powers, augmented by their bracelets and the data from the amplifying packs, they arrived at the base, in their time-stream. Carnos could have done more damage if he’d wanted.
It surprised Coss and Creel to see them, and without Doella. They urged the travellers to rest before leaving again, but after they replaced faulty instruments, the intention was to leave. Before they departed, a message arrived from the Varan High Council.
The Councillor was unhappy at the events that had occurred, and on his way to Varos to assess the situation. Takos and Simune were to await his arrival. Takos lost his temper and threw a convenient glass against the wall. Simune was surprised at his behaviour.
‘You should rest,’ said Coss. ‘The Councillor will help find Doella.’

Takos wanted to ignore orders and leave, but Simune, usually the rebellious one, said they should wait. Unable to relax, they retired to their quarters. When they reached Takos’ rooms, Simune suggested they talk for a while and his friend agreed. Takos poured glasses of strong Varan cordial, but neither man touched the drink, and the conversation flagged. Then Takos gulped the liquid and felt a warmth surge throughout his body. At last, he spoke. ‘We must find them; the longer we wait, the harder it will be to follow.’ He poured himself another and downed it.

Simune sipped his cordial, deep in thought. After a few minutes, he said. ‘Carnos had this well planned; he’s been able to get in and out of lamina for a while. We left only the barest technology, just enough to let him survive. He must have concealed more.’ He spoke more to himself than his friend.
‘Simune, we shouldn’t have acted as we did without the High Council’s permission,’ Takos said. ‘It was you who made the excuse Carnos was on-field duties and forwarded the fake messages to his family. Doella was never on hand to query this. When word gets out, we’ll be disciplined, and removed from the project. Our families will identify with our disgrace.’
Takos’ mention of their families penetrated Simune’s absorption.
‘Yes, you’re right,’ he said. ‘We’re in too deep. We must leave before the Councillor arrives. He’ll try to stop us and send a neutral Varan to find them. Then Doella and Carnos will live happily ever after on a distant colony, and we’ll be on another, even further away from Varan.’
‘Why not bring him back after you finished covering up what you did with the data? It went on too long, getting more out of control the longer you left him there.’
‘By the time I’d finished making it look as if it was his handiwork, he’d gone.’

Takos hadn’t known this; he stared in amazement. Simune continued. ‘You were the one who wanted him sent back to Varan because you didn’t want him sleeping with your bond-mate.’
‘He wouldn’t leave her alone - he kept following her on-world. She was bedding him more than me. It was not my idea to get Carnos out of the way by blaming him for inflaming the negative side of the human psyche.’ Takos was agitated.
‘Well, it worked,’ replied Simune, pacing the room as he spoke. ‘You got Doella back - if you don’t count her on-world lovers.’
Takos was angry. ‘What’s even stranger is you didn’t sleep with her. She asked you; she has good manners.’
‘Maybe I don’t like to share, as most Varan’s do,’ he replied. ‘Imagine the mess we’d be in if I did?’
‘She’s so beautiful. I don’t understand why you wouldn’t have sex with her,’ he replied. He then changed the subject. ‘How did Carnos retrieve his bracelet?’
‘It’s obvious he was well prepared before we put him into interlamina.’
‘He realised it was you who altered his work.’ Takos was determined to have an answer. ‘I still don’t know why you did it. It’s not as if you were jealous - you weren’t sleeping with her. This has been a terrible mistake. I was a fool to let you talk me into it.’
‘You were happy enough to see him gone and disgraced in Doella’s eyes.’ Simune stopped pacing and stared at Takos. ‘Let’s stop arguing; it’s too late to change what’s happened. Come on, we need new instruments. Let’s take weapons this time.’ Takos looked at Simune in horror. ‘Not for Carnos, you fool; just in case he leads us into any more unpleasant realities.’

The look on Simune’s face was one of pure hate. Takos wondered if Simune would use the weapon. He tried to reason things out, but the thought of Doella and Carnos together, projected at him by Simune, changed his mind. He followed his friend, knowing there was no going back. Once they disobeyed the Council, their future lives would no longer be the ones they planned.
Before Coss and Creel had time to sense their intentions, they headed between, following the route taken by Carnos and Doella.
Carnos took Doella on a tour of the house. The underground complex ran beneath the vast spread of gardens and accessed by hidden doors. The building fascinated Doella. The machinery and technology were in perfect working order. Specialist robots ensured everything was maintained in prime condition and operated the scores of workshops and laboratories. On sophisticated monitors, Doella watched recordings of the Cles who once lived here. They were dark-skinned, dark-haired hominids, contented, if somewhat idle for Varan tastes. Their histories took the form of mythical stories, so it was difficult to trace origins; but they agreed it resembled an early Varan experiment - similar to the more recent Earths, or perhaps an early one left to its own devices. They had no way of knowing all the Earths successes and failures. True, they discussed the best and worst of the projects at the university, but only a small proportion of the experiments. This added information should be stored and sent to Varan. One day they’d discover who these people were, and what happened. The huge archives might contain a record of these peoples’ unhappy demise.

Carnos hadn’t attempted intimacy again, and it was up to her to make the first move. Carnos’ pride insisted on it. She understood he used this tour as an excuse to assess her genuine feelings, and she experienced a need for closer contact. She still wore the white dress. At the end of the tour, Carnos led her to her rooms and left her to bathe and change before they shared another meal. She prepared, as if eager to see him. Then, realising this was a mistake, spent a long while gazing into the mirror, not seeing her reflection or thinking.

The touch of Carnos’ hands on her shoulders roused her. She smiled at him in the mirror.
‘You’ve been a long while.’
She got up from the seat, and then, sensing a moment lost, allowed Carnos to lead her along the corridor to a balcony at the edge of the garden. The table was set. The surrounding shrubs exhaled a delicate perfume into the warm air.
They ate in silence, and Doella said. ‘Please make love to me.’
He moved his chair closer to hers. ‘What am I to you, my dear love? Am I just a pleasant interlude, or can I keep you with me for a long time? Slaking my passion on your body is not enough; it never was. I want you always.’
She looked into his eyes, read his desires, and knew he spoke the truth. ‘We are not free, Carnos. We’ll have to face the Council. They won’t allow this, and there is Takos…’ she didn’t finish her sentence.
‘Perhaps after this, he’ll give you up.’
‘I’m so confused. You appreciate I care about you, physically and emotionally; but I don’t know you. I am secure with Takos. He won’t do anything Varan wouldn’t approve.’
Carnos held her chin between his finger and thumb. ‘Don’t try to tell me you’re a conservative Varan; I don’t believe you.’
They spent the night together. Now they shared love too, not lust after a long parting. Lying beside Carnos in the dark, with the sound of soft rain falling outside, Doella strove to explain her feelings, and where they might lead? She knew this idyllic time could not last. It wasn’t they must leave this beautiful world - she didn’t want to settle and marry. Gentle Takos agreed to a more informal arrangement for as long as she wanted, but Carnos would not. Doella felt Carnos’ temperament suited her better. Takos was restrained in his treatment of her, whereas Carnos’ alternations between fire and cold ardour were more satisfying. But something told her he wasn’t meant to be everything, for they could never complete each other. She didn’t know what her instincts told her, and like any sensible Varan, she dismissed it as self-indulgence… she loved Carnos.  She fell asleep, just as dawn broke.
The next morning followed a similar pattern; but that afternoon, Carnos took Doella on an underground shuttle journey between their house and another one. On the trip, Doella saw other stops where they might have alighted from the car. Carnos explained most of the homes suffered a technological or constructive failure, because of seismological disturbance, but twenty per cent of the residences still functioned. He took her to visit the ocean, for he knew how much she loved it.

The second dwelling was smaller than the one they’d been using, but it was just as stunning. The colours were more golden-hued than the green and pinkish shades of the first residence. They walked a flight of wide steps, which led to the sea and spent the rest of their stay walking along the beach and paddling in the waves.
They both felt a shimmering jolt and looked at each other with regret.
‘Don’t worry, I’m ready,’ Carnos said. He’d brought a prepared pack with him.
‘We must go!’ urged Doella.
She clung to Carnos as he transported them into another reality.

Chapter 6
As Carnos predicted, Takos and Simune found it difficult to trace them. Returning to the insect planet so they could work out where Carnos and Doella went from there. They felt revulsion at having to enter the ant city again, but they were better prepared this time and arrived without incident at the opening of the small cave where Carnos once waited for them. Using every power at their disposal, both natural and enhanced, to track Doella’s whereabouts, but Carnos was too clever for them. When they reached the house on Vale, it was deserted.
‘They’re gone,’ said Takos, his voice flat.

Their exertions exhausted them. The compulsion to find the missing pair drove them relentlessly, but as strong as they are, a Varan needs rest. Simune noticed the bed, tided by the little robots, and understood what happened. Doella betrayed them. As he expected, she was not a woman to refuse to sleep with a man she’d always wanted, even a supposed criminal like Carnos. He knew her lusts as he’d followed every one of her Earth affairs. In a last burst of energy, he picked up a vase from the dressing table and threw it against the bed, shattering pottery, flowers, and water over the delicately embroidered covering.
They found another bedroom, where exhaustion overcame them and they fell asleep. They needed rest to repair their faculties, and tomorrow they’d need their powers to find the fugitives.
Carnos and Doella travelled through many laminas. Although Carnos knew where he was going, he left a false trail to mislead the others. He’d planned this flight for a long while. When they arrived at their destination, they were exhausted. They found themselves in a small dark room, and when Carnos turned on the dim lights, it didn’t make much difference to the darkness. After travelling for hours on their erratic journey, they required rest.
He led Doella to the bed. Without speaking or touching each other, they soon fell asleep, hoping their pursuers wouldn’t find them, but too tired to do anything if they did. Now Doella no longer had her bracelet, Carnos took charge of the travel. Their specialised equipment enhanced their natural abilities, but without their Varan minds, they couldn’t use it. 
If they had dreams they didn’t remember them, and they awoke unrefreshed to a dark, wet dawn.

When Doella looked out of the window, she realised they were several stories above the street. She saw a damp, grey streetscape. The view was ugly, with square utilitarian apartment blocks, built for function rather than beauty. There was little colour, apart from the garish neon shop signs in the street. The localised glare made the already drab world look even more drained. It stopped raining, but the sky was dull as if the sun seldom shone. It depressed Doella.
While Carnos prepared food in the apartment’s tiny kitchen, Doella showered and changed her dress for one suitable for this world. Confined in the short tight dress found in the closet, she regretted changing her clothes. Carnos planned everything to the last impeccable detail - even the clothes in the wardrobe and the packaged food in the kitchen. The dress was dark grey, which did nothing to improve her mood.

In typical Varan fashion, they waited until sitting to their unappetising meal before they spoke to each other.
‘Why did you come with me, Doella?’ asked Carnos. ‘You could have tried to fight me and called to the others but you came willingly. I didn’t expect it. I imagined you’d love me for the pleasures we shared and then leave as soon as possible.’
Doella glanced at him without replying. She was unsure. Why come with him? After searching for the right words, she remarked. ‘We always had wonderful sex together, Carnos. Perhaps my body ruled my mind.’
‘As usual,’ Carnos said. He smiled.

Doella changed the subject and asked him about the world. She realised he’d explored these realities, hoping she’d go with him.

He explained this was a post-climate-change world, ecologically ruined, and run as an industrial planet. Its equivalent Earth-year was approximate to 2,090. In the past, they made no effort to preserve their environment. Apart from the empty of life seas, the world was one huge, sprawling, unsanitary city. Even the small ice caps were mining areas or factory sites. In between the centres of industrial ugliness, these unattractive blocks of living areas gave the unhappy and unhealthy people places to live out their drab and boring existences.

The people still used oil-driven cars. Oil was scarce now, but they converted vehicles to run on alternative energies. The streets below were as crowded with cars as those of her own Earth. Trains were used for long-distance journeys, but he told her they were unsafe, and so were the few aeroplanes, which still operated - lowered engineering skills caused far too many crashes. Carnos said skilled labour was impossible to find. Inevitably, the entire planet would soon grind to a technological standstill. Machine plants were used to manufacture extra oxygen, but most failed and were beyond repair. It was only a matter of time before others failed too. Carnos didn’t wish to speculate on the end of this Earth. The weather patterns were erratic and destructive.

They established a large Police Force to manage escalating violence and crime. It was hard to believe Carnos’ assurances they were in a higher-class residential area - the poor and underprivileged suffered their brief lives in horrific shantytowns. The few rich and powerful citizens lived in luxurious homes on the mountaintops. Isolating them from the chaos they’d created, breathing precious manufactured oxygen and rarely leaving the heights. Their attempts at space travel were short-lived, and they lost their knowledge. For the average person, life expectancy was thirty-five years, and only the rich could afford to pay for medical care. Few brought children into this dying world. The birth rate fell so dramatically the sight of a child was a novelty - except in the shanties, where birth control was an expensive luxury.

Separate countries no longer existed, too apathetic to pursue international warfare, since there was nothing to gain from it. The constant conflicts between marauding gangs and the Police Force plagued the streets. The residential areas, surrounded by high walls, resembled prisons. Police patrols and checkpoints were everywhere. ID cards were mandatory, and it listed everyone on the central computer, except the occupants of the shantytowns, who did not officially exist.

Doella listened to Carnos’ descriptions with sadness. She realised this was a possible future for her Earth, and the thought made her remember her old life, which she missed.
Carnos reached for her hand. ‘There are other realities like this, Doella. But many worlds succeeded, and are worth preserving.’
‘I know,’ Doella answered, ‘but I believe failure is due to us. Most of these problems are caused by our genetic engineering policy, forcing humankind to evolve too fast. We’d time to develop, and it helps we live longer too. We usually make the species to introduce to a higher life in our image, and we choose animals to make into parodies of ourselves. Sometimes I wonder if what we are doing is right.’ She stood up and looked out of the window again; then she turned to look at Carnos. ‘Thank you for showing me these things. I’d never have come here; we’re not encouraged to travel between these realities. Our race should show us failures too; how else can we learn from them? No matter what happens to us, the data we collect is invaluable. It has long been my deep conviction we shouldn’t interfere with our planets and species as much - we should let them diversify naturally, while we watch from a distance. We should allow them to develop.’

‘And what does the rest of Varan think?’ Carnos laughed, not at Doella, but their race’s conservative methods. His laughter sounded incongruous in these surroundings. ‘There are people on Varan who think the same, but they never speak out. Most people prefer doing things the way they are always done - although they aren’t involved in planet-forming. Then there are people such as us, who have greater knowledge, and what do we do? As soon as we are back on Varan, we allow ourselves to be absorbed into the status quo, because it’s safer and more comfortable to stay quiet. That’s nothing new, even on the Earths we create.’
‘I never detected you felt this way. You said nothing.’ She realised how little she understood him. She was interested in him because of the physical pleasure he gave her. ‘This flat is confining. Can we go outside and look around?’ she asked.
‘Yes. I’ve reconnoitred the place, so I know where to take you, so you can see at first hand the results of our experiment in this world.’
‘When did the Varan leave?’
‘Around fifty years ago, according to the residual signature at the destroyed Varos base. They must have given up trying to set things right.’
‘I wish we could access the Varan database to analyse what happened here.’ But they realised their rogue behaviour made their actions suspect. Even if they pretended they were observing these worlds for information, they could not report it. Much depended on what punishment the High Council decided was suitable for their crimes.
‘How long must we stay here, Carnos?’
Carnos put his arms around her. ‘I chose this planet because the air and ground are so full of heavy metals and pollutants it’s hard to pinpoint our location. I’m sorry, Doella, but it could be a while.’ Doella pulled a face and looked away.

‘Are these lamina layers deep?’ she blurted, ‘Have you found the central axis?’
‘You’re an anthropologist - I wasn’t aware you were interested in lamina physics.’
He smiled, for he never knew what Doella would think of next. ‘No, I haven’t found it. I assume it’s deep, and we finished surveying and Earthforming in this area. I wish I’d more data. So you accept Cartol’s theory of variable wave depth of lamina is preferable to the old theory they are the same depth no matter where they are?’
Doella too resisted a grin. ‘I may be only an anthropologist, but I’m not stupid. I approve of Cartol’s theory - there’s too much evidence to suggest lamina depth is the same everywhere. I’m not entirely sure they didn’t start like way. But I’ve seen what happens on one lamina can affect the local dimensions - how they can destroy or even create new lamina. I’m fascinated by lamina physics, and it took us so long to find these layers after the first discovery of interspace. What else might we be unaware of - we who believe we are so clever? For example, if they are circuitous, if the end and the beginning are the same, and those circularities convoluted (which they are)… oh don’t laugh at me.’ She smiled. ‘Does that mean the laminas have no edges, or am I being stupid? If you remember, Cartol also suggests there are other universes we can only imagine, and cannot visit. So why aren’t we searching for separate realms, which have their own lamina? Surely, we just have to find the right edge - or maybe join is a better word - and I expect lamina physics work there too… wherever ‘there’ is. Now I am having trouble with… everything…’ She couldn’t stop herself from talking. ‘We manipulate time to a certain extent, but we can’t travel to the edge of the universe and beyond. Imagine looking in at it; imagine everything is now, whenever you want now to be…. Oh stop laughing, will you? I’m not a mathematician, but you’re not getting anywhere either, even if you use the correct terms and equations. I’m not the only one with a great deal to learn.’

Carnos still smiled. Doella didn’t understand how to explain her ideas, although Carnos sensed she wasn’t far out with her understanding of Cartol’s as yet unproven theories. ‘If you think too hard, you may become unstable and need reconditioning,’ he said.
‘As the authorities might say now, but you’re right - I don’t know the mathematics, it’s a language of its own. I leave it to people such as you and Simune. Still, I wonder what else we might find.’
She no longer smiled. She clung to him and they held each other. Outside, the rain fell again.
After a week travelling around the planet, they were both depressed; even their lovemaking affected by the horrors they saw. They slept holding each other, and their dreams reflected what they’d seen, presenting them with a blurred grey montage of real-time images, given kaleidoscope colour only by their imaginations. Carnos showed Doella, the factories, and the few still-operating mines. She’d visited the houses of the rich and the horror of the poor. Middle-class office workers, garbed in black, working in dull buildings at a snail’s pace. Staring at the walls, not thinking, only speeding up their activities at a supervisor’s approach.

The planet was hot and wet and the air was foul. The cloud-cover rarely allowed a glimpse of the sun, and when it showed through, and the drabness of the inhabitants’ lives illuminated for a brief moment it looked worse. Visiting a police headquarters, they followed the rough, uncaring officers onto the streets, appalled by their cruelty and the enjoyment it gave them to inflict pain on others. As distressing, were the desperate pleasure-seekers in the nightclubs, using drugs, alcohol, and sense-distorting music to escape from their miserable lives. At first, to experience the world, they didn’t use a bubble. But without a bracelet, Doella could not mask her beauty, and fights broke out over her. A group of men tried to kidnap her, either to sell her or to use her for their amusement. The reason was immaterial. From then on, they used a bubble for safety.

To help her mood, Doella wore the dress she’d brought from Vale, and before long she preferred to stay confined to the small flat. Carnos decorated the walls to resemble the mansions of the rich, preferable to the colour of the bare cement. Many of the houses outside were crudely painted with obscene or violent images. Doella grew disgusted by this dying race - even her thirst for knowledge didn't overcome it. She’d no wish to go anywhere or look out of the window.

She knew Carnos lived here intermittently because he was secure from capture. He couldn’t understand why no one from Varan tried to see him - no counsellor asked. Doella felt ashamed. She hadn’t asked the others what became of him; trying to pretend he’d never been a part of her life. She wondered what blame Takos and Simune must take for this mess.
Carnos heard her thoughts. ‘The real reason, Doella? I wanted you. I couldn’t stay away, so I followed you everywhere.’
Doella didn’t want to rake over the past. Despite the horror of their surroundings, Carnos knew he made progress with her. He was not a convenient and satisfying bed-mate any more; she looked on him as a friend too, and he was pleased. He’d plenty of electronically available money, and as long as his account was in credit, they’d not investigate him. If he obeyed the laws, no-one bothered him. It was easy to remove funds from obscure accounts without being traced - computer skills declined in this uncaring society. They were aware this was a moderately safe haven, so they stayed.

It was two weeks before Doella noticed Takos’ signature. The level of pollution made it so faint it didn’t register on Carnos’ instruments. Doella guarded her mind so Takos couldn’t sense her, but they realised it was time to leave. Carnos adjusted his bank account in case they needed to return, while Doella paced the room, anxious to go. Once again, Carnos planned a convoluted and difficult route to their next destination.

Chapter 7
They arrived at their new destination in the dead of night. A full moon shone overhead. After Carnos got his bearings, he led them between groups of sparse trees. Doella thought the landscape resembled the low rolling chalk hills of her Earth’s Southern England.
She’d lived in Europe in a similar period and knew what to expect. Like her colleagues from the Varos base, she hadn’t been around during the ancient times when the Varan chose the native ape stock to populate the New Earth. Doella and Takos first visited the planet when the creation of the early city-states made the anthropological work interesting for Doella. The familiar surroundings shrugged off her depression. They walked for the rest of the night and the next morning, only stopping to drink from a stream. Without her bracelet, Doella grew tired, but Carnos was reluctant to use a bubble as it could be traced. They climbed to the top of a great ridge, and saw a wooden hill fort in the distance. It was vast and well kept; smoke issued from stone chimneys of the huts inside the compound.
The fort was advanced for this era, thought Doella, comparing it with her planet. ‘Are there no Varan here? It’s an Earth world, isn’t it?’ she asked Carnos.
‘It resembles one, I agree, and it’s odd they left when everything appears fine, but the only Varan signatures I’ve detected are very old ones.’

Crops grew in the valley, and herds of fat cattle and sheep grazed in separate meadows. People worked in the fields, sentries guarding them.
‘Our clothes won’t blend in here, Carnos, and we haven’t brought a large enough replicator.’
Carnos wore rough trousers and a light jacket over a t-shirt. ‘I’ve been in this world several times. Despite the simplicity of their lives, peoples’ attitudes are advanced. You’ll enjoy it here.’
‘Have you been to this fort?’ asked Doella.
‘No, I usually visit one further North or South, but I thought going somewhere I’m not known might be wiser. These people welcome strangers warmly as long as they don’t perceive them as a threat. We’ll pass your present attire off as the nightclothes you wore in the ladies tent; you look highborn and they’ll respond well. I’ll be your foreign servant or a slave.’
He led the way to the fort with confident strides. Doella studied her subjects before making contact and was alarmed at walking in before she knew more.
A sentry came forward and asked them to halt. Carnos spoke to the guard, explaining thieves stole their horses and belongings yesterday, and they only just escaped with their lives. To add to the lady’s distress, they walked a long way to find help. The sentry sent another man to the fort, and after a short while, he returned carrying a stool for Doella. Acting the part of a dutiful servant, Carnos helped her to sit.

They communicated with each other by mind speech, and Doella behaved as instructed. Using her well-developed language skills, she soon understood the surrounding conversations. She remained silent and looked around haughtily as Carnos explained their predicament.
What she saw intrigued her. They dressed the sentries similarly to their counterparts on Doella’s own Earth, but there were startling differences. These people were clean; their hair and beards groomed, and their clothes unstained. They wore layers of clothing - breeches and fine linen undershirts. Their outfits were bright and decorated with braid and embroidery. In this mild, late-summer climate they didn’t need cloaks. Their boots made from soft leather reached halfway up their calves, and they tucked their trousers into them. Everyone possessed a bronze or silver torc - they designated no special rank - and both sexes wore earrings. Those working in the fields wore good clothes too, protected by aprons, and with straw hats to keep the sun off their heads. They appeared happy at their tasks and chatted with each other. It was a thriving community. Carnos still talked to the sentry, and Doella remembered to look haughty as instructed.

Before long, three men and a woman came from the fort and hurried towards them. The sentry bowed when they arrived, as did Carnos. Doella remained seated. The oldest of the men and his wife were finely dressed and introduced as the chief and his wife. Their clothes were luxurious. The woman’s tunic was of padded silk, lavishly embroidered with many colours, and she, as her husband did, wore a twisted gold torc. Doella looked underdressed. She heard Carnos telling the lady, named Elessa, they escaped from bandits at midnight and his lady had nothing left but her night attire. The woman looked kindly at Doella.

Elessa’s hair was faintly touched with grey, but the only other sign of age was the tracery of fine lines on her face. She was still beautiful. The people had various shades of blond, light brown and red hair, with blue or grey eyes, and were tall, with handsome features. Lod, the chief, was several years older than his wife and walked stiffly as if he suffered from arthritis. The thought of robbers in his area upset him, as if it was a personal affront directed at him. To pacify the old man, Carnos suggested the raiders came from a distant part of the country. He dissuaded Lod from searching for the bandits, for this might expose their story. Carnos was acting his part with skill, deferring to those who considered themselves his betters, but without exaggeration. He inferred his position was of consequence because Doella was such a noble lady.

There were two other men in the party. One, an elderly man, was a respected head servant. Lod presented the younger as Tarn, his son. Tarn stepped forward and made a deep bow to Doella. To Carnos’ annoyance, he looked at her with delight, as if he found her night attire appealing. He stared at Doella’s lovely face, and at the outline of her body, revealed through the fine material of her dress.
In mind speech, Doella laughed at Carnos. It’s always useful to have a local on our side. Don’t be jealous, someone will see your sour look.

Tarn helped Doella up from the stool. He took her arm and led her towards the fort. She leaned against him as if she couldn’t take another step unaided. She spoke aloud for the first time the language now understood. 
‘Your family is kind, Tarn, to offer shelter. I was despairing of finding anywhere safe to stay. I was too frightened after the attack to stop until we found help. The bandits killed my other servants. Bork got me into the trees, and we ran for our lives and haven’t stopped since. Bork is an excellent servant, but he does not excel as a warrior.’
Carnos heard the taunt and told Doella in mind speech not to overdo her part. He replied. Don’t let that young man get attached to you; we won’t be here long.
Tarn answered Doella. ‘I’m grateful the gods have sent you,’ he said. ‘We have so little outside company - it’s always a pleasure to hear new conversations and ideas.’
Doella was impressed; he was refined for an Iron Age-level chieftain. She nodded and looked away as if embarrassed.

As they neared the fort, she appreciated its wonderful craftsmanship. The barriers were the usual logs strapped together, but inside, the top ramparts showed a sculptured balustrade. The heavy carved door was impressive and embossed with bronze decorations. As she noticed earlier, the houses had chimneys, and they washed their wattle and daub walls with lime and were in excellent condition. They were windowless, with carved doors. The huts were taller than the ones seen on her Earth. She’d have liked to examine one, but it would have been an unwise ask. She allowed Tarn to guide her to a much larger building, on the summit of the hill, which was the main hall. They followed Lod and his wife through the entrance. As Doella expected, it was magnificently decorated, and they washed the mud plaster with pale ochre. They displayed silk hangings in vibrant colours on the walls, embroidered with complex Celtic-analogue embroidery. Two large fireplaces at each end of the room gave out a welcome glow. This hall too was without windows, but the four doors at the corners stood open to admit the daylight. The torches were unlit, and the interior gloom felt restful after the bright sunlight.

Elessa guided Doella (introduced as Wulfa) to a comfortable seat. It was made of tanned leather stretched between struts of carved wood, padded with silk cushions to make it even softer - Iron Age luxury! Elessa was not talkative, but she smiled at Doella. A serving girl brought in pottery mugs filled with beer. Doella was thirsty and gulped hers. She asked for Carnos to be given a mug. The elderly retainer took him aside to offer him refreshment. An admonition accompanied Carnos’ quick glare at Doella. Mind what you say and remember you don’t know these people as you know your Earth-humans.

Doella soon realised Elessa was shy, but as she drank her beer, she grew more talkative. She asked where ‘Wulfa’ came from, and where she was headed. Carnos mind-spoke to Doella, supplying her with plausible answers. At Carnos’ suggestion, she told Elessa she was the daughter of a southern chieftain named Dogga. Elessa had heard of him and surprised Doella travelled so far from her home. These people, especially the women, didn’t travel much. ‘You are not wearing a betrothal ring,’ her host observed.
Again, Carnos supplied a reasonable answer. ‘My aunt married a chief from the far north and asked if I could visit her. She’s to have her first baby soon. As we have been close friends, she sent word to my father saying she wished me to live with her. In a neighbouring tribe, there is a young man of suitable status looking for a wife. If he likes me, I’ll stay with him, and so she and I will be close to each other.’
This satisfied Elessa. ‘When he sees you, he’ll ask for you. It was kind of your father to let you go to your aunt. A woman needs her family around her.’ Elessa looked sad for a moment as if she remembered her tribe. ‘I hope you get there on time, Wulfa.’
‘My aunt sent for me as soon as she found she was pregnant.’
Elessa looked pleased and said. ‘I’d be happy if you could stay with us for a while. My husband will provide you with an escort when you continue your journey.’
The young serving girl came back with plates of roast meat and fresh bread rolls. Doella was starving. She sometimes ate this food when on-world, but she knew Carnos might find eating flesh difficult. More beer followed, and then a mead drink and sweet honey cakes. When Elessa was satisfied her visitor had eaten enough, she asked Tarn, who was dining with the men at the long table, to escort Doella to the guest quarters.
‘And Bork?’ queried Doella.
‘The servants will look after him,’ explained Elessa. ‘He’ll sleep in the male dormitory.’
Elessa looked surprised when Doella suggested she’d prefer him near to her. ‘You’ll be safe here,’ she replied as if Doella insulted them.

Tarn took Doella to an adjacent guest cabin. It was gloomy; again, two doorways were open to admit the light. It was larger than expected and clean. The floor was laid with stone slabs, as in the hall, furnished with a bed, a chest, a table, two chairs, and a stool. A commode stood behind a screen in the corner. Hot water steamed in a metal ewer next to linen, and a cake of sweet-smelling soap. Elessa came in to see it was ready, followed by the serving girl, who lit a torch. Then Elessa left Doella, explaining she must rest and join them later for the evening meal.
Doella told the serving girl she wanted to be alone. The girl shut the door behind her, and Doella closed the other one. She wished Carnos might be with her, for she felt lonely and vulnerable without her bracelet. She removed her gown, washed, and then lay on the bed coverings, where she quickly fell asleep.

When she woke up, it was late afternoon. While she slept, someone covered her with a sheet, and left a jug of clean water on the table, with fresh clothes laid out beside it on a chair. The torches were out, but the back door was ajar, giving enough light to wash her hands and face. She dressed in the blue wool dress, edged with embroidered braid. It was sleeveless and straight cut, with a slit at the front to her waist. Underneath she wore a fine, cream linen shift with long sleeves. With it went a matching braided belt. The garments smelled wonderful as if they’d been stored among dried herbs.
Another mug of beer stood on the table and she drank it. She was dizzy afterwards. Without her bracelet, the strong drink affected her. She’d never felt this way; even the effect of the strongest Varan cordial dissipated fast. She sat for a few minutes to recover. Then she combed her hair with a bone comb and plaited it as the local women did, but she found it difficult to tie the leather strap around the plait and gave up in exasperation. The young, fresh-faced servant girl knocked at the door and saw Doella couldn’t manage.

‘I’m sorry, my lady, I must attend you, but you have dressed without me.’ She undid Doella’s clumsy handiwork and replaited her hair, tying it with the thong, which she soaked in water first. As she did so, Doella noticed the young woman bit her lip and looked apprehensive. Doella reassured her, saying it was not her fault and she’d tell her mistress what a wonderful help she’d been. The girl brightened up at this, rearranged Doella’s dress, and escorted her back to the main hall. The sun was sinking as she entered, and she could hear many people. She hoped she wouldn’t be asked to entertain them with stories; but as things turned out, it wasn’t necessary.

Chapter 8
Back on the grey world, Takos, and Simune searched for days to trace Doella and Carnos, but with little success. Takos mentioned he’d felt something when they first arrived, but nothing since then.
‘She sensed us,’ said Simune.
Both felt tired and depressed. The forbidding state of this planet was not kind to their Varan sensibilities. They lived in a bubble and projected a holo-room inside it when they needed to sleep. They raised the sphere above the grey clouds where the atmosphere was clear. Although the men were friends for many years, being in such proximity proved a frustrating experience for them.
Simune is different, thought Takos. He was efficient, but his anxiety to catch the pair made him irascible. Takos was convinced there must be another reason for Simune’s irritability, maybe because Carnos kept outwitting them. As for himself, he’d lost his lover, perhaps forever, and in no mood for his friend’s ill-temper. Both men tried to contain their frustrations so as not to endanger their mission, but tempers flared, and at last, Takos retaliated against one of Simune’s sarcastic comments about Doella.
‘She’s not travelling with him willingly. How can you think that? We are bonded, and she’d never break the rules.’
‘You’re a fool,’ he said and made a move as if to strike him.
The futility of their conflict sobered them.

Takos shivered. As if a deep coldness, of dark despair, spread out from the core of his being towards the peripheries of his body. Simune knew this and told him to mend his psyche, or they couldn’t continue. He formed a separate bubble and left Takos in the holo-room to recover. Later, when their tempers cooled, they continued the search. Takos found a trace nearby, and they located the deserted flat. As they examined it, Takos had a twinge of doubt of Doella’s unwillingness. He buried the idea, but not before Simune sensed it.
‘Now do you believe me?’ he asked.
Takos avoided the question. ‘I don’t want to stay here,’ he said.
‘Why doesn’t that surprise me?’

As soon as they focused their thoughts and re-set their instruments, they moved again. They continued through a network of false trails, trying to keep their patience as much with each other as with the errant Doella and Carnos.
Odd, reasoned Doella, a people so civilised during the day should be so degenerate at night. She sat at the top table with Elessa and Lod, accompanied by their three sons and their two wives, next to unmarried Tarn. Most of the village sat at the long lower tables, except for those on sentry duty, and women who looked after the children.
When she arrived, they were still sober and talking to each other, but as the evening progressed, they became drunk and pawed each other. Tarn tried to touch Doella’s breasts beneath the fine linen shift and even tried to put his hands up her skirt. He found her reluctance puzzling. Only Elessa her usual self, but she was unconcerned by Tarn’s behaviour. Carnos was serving, and when he sat to eat at one of the lower tables, he saw Tarn seducing Doella. He glared at him, and Doella sensed his anger for her drinking too much.

Lively music replaced the gentler songs, inaudible above the din of the diners, and two naked couples danced between the tables. Their bodies painted with whorl-like patterns resembling Celtic designs. They rubbed against each other and then coupled as the melody reached a crescendo.
Tarn hardly glanced at the lascivious dancers. He drank heavily and tried to fondle a less reluctant Doella. She was drunk. He exposed one of her breasts, and put his hand between her legs, gently stroking her. Doella sensed a warm, wet surge, and ashamed, wanted to escape into the fresh air. She managed to stand and headed for a door. By this time, Carnos left in disgust.
Tarn followed her; she fell onto a grassy verge and unable to stop Tarn as he lay on top of her. The sky whirled around her, and she was unaware of what was happening. As the heavens continued to spin, she lapsed into unconsciousness.
She woke up in the narrow bed in her room. She noted she was undressed and her clothes in a heap by the door. Relieved, Tarn lay fully dressed on the floor by the other door. Had anything happened? Why couldn’t she remember? She felt betrayed and disgusted at her drunken behaviour - she’d never experienced this before and never wanted to again. It was morning, and she wondered where Carnos was. It was his fault; he should’ve stopped her. She tried to get up, but returned to a recumbent position, the room still spun around her. When the room stopped spinning, she dressed. She had her shift on and about to put on the dress when Tarn came up behind her. He put his hands around her and cupped her breasts as he pulled her to him. ‘Now, you’ll be mine, Wulfa.’
She struggled to get away. ‘You know I’m moving to my aunt’s.’
‘We’ll leave together as husband and wife.’
‘I’m promised to another.’
‘Then if he still wants you - and I expect he will. I’ll offer personal combat for you. Don’t worry, I’m a fine warrior.’ He turned her around and kissed her, but Doella pushed him aside and walked outside the hut. She saw a furious looking Carnos standing about twenty yards away.
‘Come back, Wulfa, let’s enjoy ourselves. By the gods, you’re beautiful,’ Tarn said.
Carnos came toward them, but Tarn pulled her inside the hut and continued to kiss her. Carnos entered the dark room carrying their belongings and saw Tarn pulling up Doella’s skirts as she half-heartedly tried to stop him. She was so dizzy she couldn’t fend him away. He grabbed Doella’s arm, and Tarn shouted at him to get out. An instant later, they were gone, leaving Tarn unconscious on the floor behind them. Carnos took great pleasure in paying him back.
This time they didn’t advance into another reality. Carnos projected a holo-room in an indigo coloured interlamina. He didn’t speak to Doella, or react when she tried to kiss him.
She was angry. ‘It’s your fault. You should have warned me.’
‘You were so busy playing your part I doubt you’d have listened,’ he replied angrily. ‘I’m sorry if the entertainment wasn’t to your taste, my lady, but you were drunk!’ He shouted the last word at her, and Doella flinched.
‘Yes,’ she shouted back, ‘I can cope when I have my bracelet to help.’
‘And you have always enjoyed coupling with humans.’
‘Yes,’ she agreed. ‘I have, but this wasn’t the time and you should have prevented it.’
‘And spoiled your fun?’ They were both so angry now their arguments sounded lame.

They struggled to relax on the basic bunks without speaking to each other, but Doella was restless after the argument and sleep eluded her. She hated Carnos’ silence. She sought to placate him by asking where they were going next.
He turned over and looked at her. ‘Back,’ he stated.
‘Back there? But we can’t,’ said Doella, and added, ‘Did you kill him?’
‘No, and, your suspicions are wrong. I didn’t remove your lovers.’ Doella forgot she was in love with someone she believed to be a murderer. Carnos read her thoughts. ‘We’re going to a different part of the country. I’m very familiar with it. No more adventures, or misunderstandings. One more thing…’
‘Yes?’ asked Doella. Happier they talked again.
‘I was watching out for you. Nothing happened; he was too drunk.’
‘Good, it was awful… I need another bracelet.’
‘They must return to the base eventually, even they can’t pretend everything is fine - someone from Varan has to investigate. Before they send the experts after us, I’ll get you a bracelet.’
‘Please - as soon as you can, I’m vulnerable.’
‘Doella, we daren’t go back, not now.’
‘Why not?’
‘They’ll separate us. The plan was to win you. Yes, I know you love Takos; but I’m the man you should marry. We’ve always been the same person in two bodies.’
‘I suppose we have… but Takos is my oldest, dearest friend, and I promised myself to him.’
‘It was too long ago; you hadn’t thought it through, you’d meet others and have other choices. Doella marry me. Not the way it’s done on Varan, but here. It will be unofficial, but a real marriage, a perfect meeting of minds. We should be together.’
‘Get married - here?’ said Doella, aghast.

Varan marriages were normally held in the male’s home, where the couple later lived. A Varan marriage wasn’t a legal document; but a melding of personalities, a letting go of self - revealing to your life-partner your desires, fears, and hopes. Bond-mates spend much time together, so the final fusion was not a shock to the system, since they knew each other very well beforehand. No ceremony performed, but a celebration held a few days afterwards when they recovered. The marriage was dangerous; sometimes their mental processes were incompatible. In the early days, the death of one or both partners was a possibility, but modern screening techniques made it a rarity. Carnos and Doella had no access to this process, and the outcome might prove dangerous. Doella understood the joys of a Varan pairing, and she loved Carnos, but this union was for life. Promiscuity, normal for any young, unmated Varan, no longer possible. Carnos would expect this to be a genuine pledge without official sanction. Was she ready for commitment yet? The law strict: no married Varan allowed to take a lover. And the alliance meant children, lots of them. The birth rate was falling, but the long-lived Varan had many offspring, on the home planet, the average was thirty - a hundred in the colonies. With the help of unmarried relatives to look after the children, the Varan dwelled in a large household, adding wings onto the house when needed.
‘Children?’
‘Why not, in time? I’m not suggesting we live as married Varan yet, but one day we might find somewhere we are safe enough to have a family… I hope so. For now, I want us to become one so I sense every part of your mind. I’m aware you wonder what it adds to the act of sex.’
‘Carnos, I admit to being curious. But it wouldn’t be a marriage. As you say, if they find us, we’d be parted and rehabilitated. We’d forget all we’d shared.’
‘That’s what I fear; but if we are married emotionally, I believe no matter what they did, we wouldn’t lose each other. Doella we mustn’t waste time. What if we are caught?’

Doella remained silent awhile before answering. She said yes when she knew she should say no. She might love him, but she wasn’t prepared for marriage. It was something for the future, after a rewarding career. To what was she agreeing? She must still suffer the effects of too much alcohol.

But Carnos gave her no time to reconsider. He took hold of her hands and pulled her up beside him. Standing close together, they merged their personalities, their memories, and their feelings. Doella didn’t fight, for she was as curious as he. The feeling was profound and awesome, a violation, albeit a benign one. When their marriage completed, Doella felt weak and drained. Carnos was less affected because of his bracelet. He helped her to the bunk to rest and lay on the other one. They both slept for several hours. They shared the same dreams and woke up refreshed. Carnos moved to her, and they mated as marriage partners. It differed greatly. The complete opening of their minds made it as if they were one person, and the pleasure and satisfaction more intense than the physical. Their orgasms reverberated between them until they lay in exhausted contentment in each other’s arms. In mind-speech, they agreed they’d not imagined the full power of the Varan nuptial rites. It was more than love, lust, or companionship; a different level of existence, and when their lovemaking was finished, they hated the loneliness after such completion.

Doella said. ‘Why keep this just for wedlock? One might bind with many lovers.’
Carnos laughed at her, for she thought what she’d been missing. ‘It’s against the rules. Remember, both parties must agree to it, and we law-abiding Varan wait until we legalise it in marriage,’
‘I wonder if everyone obeys the decree?’ she mused.
‘Those feelings are powerful and cannot be hidden from others; unless you have a pile of Roz Crystals handy.’ He became serious. ‘To be honest, I never expected you to say yes; I didn’t plan to ask you.’ He looked puzzled but happy.
Doella was as bewildered as he. ‘At first I thought I might still be drunk.  As if … as if something urged me and I talked myself into it. No, that makes little sense. Sometimes I… no, forget I said it, I sound human.’
‘Yes, but I recognise what you mean, half-heard whispers …’
‘So you sensed it too. I thought so; how odd.’
‘As I doubt we will go back to Varan as free citizens, we won’t have to lie we heard voices.’
‘We’re not going crazy - are we?’

Doella wanted to make love again, but Carnos insisted they must return to the Iron Age world. ‘Takos knows what happened between us,’ he whispered as if expressing grief for her earlier bond-mate.
She too experienced a sense of guilt and emptiness. What she and Carnos enjoyed together would hurt Takos. She felt confusion between her elation at her marriage and the betrayal of her kind friend.

Carnos allowed Doella to indulge her feelings and then urged her to compose herself.
They focused their wills in concert and found themselves in an unfamiliar landscape, harsher than the countryside around the southern Fort. Instead of lush grassland and cultivated fields, they saw low rough hills covered with thin soil. Patches of dull green lichen and grass sheltered between cracks in the shale-like rocks. The air was much colder here.
Doella’s clothes were inadequate protection against the climate, added to which, her feet were bare. If she had a bracelet, she could easily manage. Carnos offered to replicate shoes for her, but she insisted they wait until sure they weren’t followed, as the energy-signature might lead their pursuers to them. He agreed to find her a bracelet soon; it meant visiting a current Varan world, but he’d taken risks before this. He took off his jacket and put it around her shoulders. Taking her arm, he helped her cross the uneven, barren countryside. He knew where he travelled, and it wasn’t long before they saw a small stone tower in the distance.
‘There,’ he pointed to it. ‘We can rest, eat, and get you warm. As you say, we don’t want to use the replicator or the bubble unless they force us.’
Doella nodded. ‘It won’t be as the last time, will it?’ she asked.
‘You’re my wife now,’ she noted the smugness in his voice.

As they neared the tower, Doella realised it wasn’t as small as she thought. It was square, with a stout wooden entry at ground level, the windows higher up the walls.
Carnos shouted, ‘Basla let us inside; it’s Bork.’
The door finally opened. The lower floor used to house domestic and farm animals; Doella wrinkled her nose at the pungent smells. These people weren’t as fastidious as their southern counterparts. The inside was dimly lit, and a small, thin man led them up a narrow staircase to a large open room. Several persons sat around a rough wooden table. A huge black bear of a man stood up and came forward to meet them. A wide smile displayed many missing teeth. His unkempt hair and beard showed remnants of food and drink. Doella found him distasteful. Basla gave Bork a great hug, and slapped him on the back, shouting out he was welcome. His eyes glittered at the sight of Doella.
‘No, my friend, she is not a present for you. This is my wife, Wulfa.’
‘What a shame, Bork, but lady you are welcome. We have few women in this land.’
Doella kept close to her husband; this man didn’t have the charms of Tarn.
Perhaps not, Carnos remarked in mind-speech, but their intentions are more honest.

Giving them seats near the fire. They pressed food on them, a simple broth, hot and tasteless, slices of stringy meat and hard bread. It wasn’t to Doella’s liking, but she knew better than to appear ungrateful. Soon afterwards, Bork asked Basla if his wife might rest. The little man who brought them in was asked to find somewhere for the lady to sleep. On the next floor, wicker partitions divided the large room into small cubicles. The serving-man showed Doella a cubicle at the end of the space. A length of cloth draped over the wicker made it private. The bed, a straw mattress covered with sheepskins, with a bright wool blanket folded at the bottom. It was clean. The servant showed her the primitive services and said he’d bring water. He came back with a large pitcher of boiling water and two pieces of dingy material for towels. He left her a candle as little light came in through the small, unglazed windows. Even when she closed the shutters, the wind still whistled through them. She took off her clothes, but the icy blasts made her shiver. A fireplace at the other end of the room wasn’t lit. How she missed her bracelet. She lay on the bed and pulled the thick, itchy blanket up to her chin. Shivering, she lay awake for a while listening to the sounds below.  The candle went out, and as night fell, the room grew dark. She’d just fallen asleep when Carnos got in beside her; Doella awoke and was glad of the warmth. It was too public a place for intimacy. But judging by the sounds from the cubicles, other couples were not so choosy. Carnos’ body warmed hers, and they soon fell asleep.

They slept late. Doella used the water in the pitcher to refresh herself and dressed. Carnos did the same. They hardly spoke to each other. Doella shivered. The window shutters were open, and the wind blew into the room.
‘There’ll be a fire downstairs,’ said Carnos, holding her close. ‘This is their summer.’
‘Then I’d hate to be here in the winter. You must get me a bracelet, Carnos, or I’ll freeze.’
‘Doella, the men are going on a dragon hunt today, and I’ve agreed to go with them.’
‘There are no such things as dragons,’ she scoffed.
‘Perhaps not, but it will be an exhilarating ride.’
‘I’m coming too.’ Doella didn’t want to be left behind in the gloomy tower.
‘Doella, women don’t go on hunts.’
‘Carnos!’
‘I’ll see what I can do.’
Downstairs they snatched a hurried breakfast. The food left-overs from the night before, more unappetising now. Doella drank weak beer to help her eat. Basla looked surprised at Doella’s ask to go with them… she saw it made her more intriguing to him. Carnos explained she was an excellent rider, and could easily keep up with the men. She was a foreigner, and her people had unusual customs. Basla laughed at his agreement and sat beside her while she finished eating. The stink made her meal less palatable. ‘The beast is large, and dragons are fond of pretty ladies.’
She insisted she’d like to go on the ride. Basla asked his serving-man to find boots for her bare feet.
After they finished, Carnos collected their few belongings. To Doella’s relief the sheepskin boots looked unworn. Carnos also borrowed a coat to keep her warm. Basla laughed at this action of a solicitous husband. 
Basla is always laughing at me, thought Doella. She knew she was wrong to be irritated, but wished he’d stop.
They moved outside to the waiting horses - they were much larger than the equivalent beasts from the same era and climate as her Earth. Doella was puzzled, as if she’d found a piece of a puzzle which didn’t fit the rest of the pattern.

Using mind-speech, she told Carnos not to help her mount and got up onto the horse’s back by herself. Basla and the other men were impressed, especially at the sight of her long slender legs astride the horse. She pulled her skirt down, but they continued to stare at her, winking and nudging each other. Even without her enhancer, her skills, and strength still greater than a human male, but the last few weeks weakened her. Carnos knew he must get her a bracelet soon.
They set off at a cautious pace over the rough ground; the group comprised twenty riders. The well-worn tracks were uneven, so they rode with care. They carried weak beer in waterproof animal stomachs slung over their horses, and although they refreshed themselves with this, they did not stop to eat or rest. Doella hardened herself not to feel discomfort or fatigue. They stopped, as night fell. She was so stiff she could hardly move. She steeled herself to slide gracefully out of the saddle, determined not to show the pain of her cramped muscles.
The men lit a fire using sticks, dried grass, and dung they brought with them. They ate the same bread as last night, which now was hard and stale, accompanied by thin strips of dried meat. Doella couldn’t face it and asked Carnos to replicate her decent food - she must eat, no matter the risk. He said he’d do so once the others slept, so he volunteered for the first watch.
Later, when the men rolled themselves in their sheepskin saddles and were heartily snoring, he replicated her nutritious biscuits and fruit juice. She ate and drank, and stuffed the leftovers in Carnos’ pack for tomorrow. Carnos joined her in the feast and they mentally laughed at each other’s enjoyment of the simple meal. After his watch, he snuggled up to Doella, and they both slept well despite the hard, uneven ground and the icy wind.
No breakfast was available next morning, so Doella snuck another biscuit. She didn’t need to eat this often usually, but her weakness made her hungry.
They did not see any habitations. This land was devoid of people, and in the early autumn, these inhabitants moved further south, to help their families bring in the harvests from the richer pastures. The men spent the few summer months after the spring planting here, hunting the varied wildlife. Most of the women stayed at home, husbanding the farms. She saw these people loved their country. They did not realise they were on a planet, but they called their world Karth and thought of it with affection. They often prayed as they rode; their prayers and appeals directed to the land itself, asking it to always support them. She realised their lives were hard. Despite the barren beauty around her, where only rabbits, birds, and hawks were abundant, she longed for more comfortable, familiar surroundings. But, she agreed with Carnos, despite their roughness, they behaved courteously to her. It was different from the way the other inhabitants of this world treated her.
They rode for two hours when the landscape changed. Carnos spoke to Doella in mind-speech. ‘Look at the ground, it’s scorched in places, and there’s ash drifting in the air.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous; there are no such things as dragons. The Varan never found them anywhere.’
The leaders stopped and raised their hands, bringing the rest of the group to a halt. They dismounted and crept to the top of a nearby hill. A huge bronze-coloured creature lay on the next hill. It was a dragon.
Impossible, Doella said to her husband.
There’s something there, he replied, but not what we see.
I must have a bracelet, repeated Doella. I can only perceive what my eyes show me… I’m so tired.
Soon, my love. Just a little longer.
The men withdrew and discussed what they should do. The dragon was much larger than anyone imagined. A man pointed to a smudge in the distance. ‘He’s burnt a small wood in the valley over there,’ he whispered, horrified by the destruction, trees were scarce here. Smoke blew away from them, but they smelled its resinous, pleasant odour.
The dragon was at least ten metres tall, and its length with its tail tucked underneath it was hard to judge. It looked the same as the typical Earth drawings of a dragon. Scaled body and a long neck ending in a pointed head, and bat-like wings it lazily extended to enjoy the wind blowing against them. Its feet ended in great claws the size of elephant tusks.
‘No army could defeat that,’ Carnos said to Basla.
In their intimate mode, Doella asked Carnos. What is the creature? If I concentrate hard, I can sense something familiar.

As if in response to her thoughts, the dragon unfurled its wings and lifted into the air. It was over the group in seconds. The horses bolted in terror. Then the dragon flew so close to the men on the hill, they smelled its smoky breath and felt the hot wind from its beating wings. They scattered in panic. Doella ran down the hill. A huge claw enclosed her, and a few moments later, she was over the sea, with the land fast diminishing behind her. The freezing wind made it hard for her to keep her eyes open, and her screams of shock vanished as her breath broke against the cold air. The dragon held her gently. She ought to have been terrified, but she was convinced this creature was not a real dragon… although what it was she couldn’t imagine. Her heart beat fast, not with fear, but with the exhilaration of the flight, and with the excitement of uncovering a new mystery. Dragon myths were common on nearly every Earth. Was she going to find out the origin of those myths? Why hadn’t the Varan seen one? With her bracelet, she might have sensed its mind, although she realised whatever the thing was, it tried to calm her fear. The land soon vanished from her sight. They flew at tremendous speed. Doella kept her eyes closed, for the wind blinded her. Squinting, she made out the shape of an island in the distance, with buildings. It was a blur. When they arrived, the dragon set her on the ground, opening its claw to allow her to walk out. She stood in a large paved courtyard, but the dragon vanished. A man stood ten yards away. He had reddish-bronze skin and long black hair. His eyes were very dark and slanted, and without whites. He pointed an instrument at her. She saw a brief energy flash, and then everything went black.

Chapter 9
Doella woke in an unfamiliar room. The walls were a plain white plasticised substance, and the bed she lay on was comfortable. There was an unfamiliar voice in her head.
I’m glad you’re awake, Doella, it said. I learned something about you while you slept.  If you wish to refresh yourself? A wall panel opened with a click, revealing a small bathroom. Inside stood a small oblong bath, with steam curling from the surface of the water. Enjoy your bath, and when you have finished, if you’d join me? 
Sitting up, instead of being dizzy as expected, she was stronger than since losing her bracelet. She looked at her body, she saw a large white diamond between her breasts, and she couldn't remove it. Puzzled, she slid into the tub and luxuriated in the warm, scented water. If he surmised her odd preference for bathing, what else did he know? She sensed a violation, but not sexual. 
Is that all you are, Doella - a desirable woman? The voice in her head remarked. The Varan have changed from when I last had contact with them.

Instead of his words irritating her, she found them intriguing. Doella hurried her ablutions and dried herself under the warm air stream. When she returned to the bedroom, she noticed a soft, fine robe lay on the bed. Her Karth clothes gone, but she was glad to see the back of them. She put on the dress and combed her hair at a dressing table, which appeared out of the wall. The austere room differed from its Varan equivalent, for the Varan decorated rooms for beauty as well as function.

The view from the window showed a wide expanse of sea and sky. Following the directions the voice in her head gave her, she left the chamber by a concealed door, and entered a featureless corridor. Steep steps were for taller creatures than Varan… but she didn’t sense a threat. The diamond glimmered between her breasts, and Doella realised it functioned as her lost bracelet, although its energy produced an unfamiliar sensation. The steps finished at a large, open apartment. It too was empty, except for basic items of furniture.
The tall man stood waiting for her. He didn’t move, so she approached him. A head taller than a Varan, she decided he looked like an American Indian, common on many Earths, apart from those curious eyes, now watching her. They were black, with no change of shade. She couldn’t tell if his irises were working, or had any, because they were invisible. It was disconcerting.

He raised his hand in greeting. Hello, Doella. I’m unused to physical communication. My race has always been verbally clumsier than yours has.
Doella replied the same way. I know your people; the answer came. You are Hyclos.
At your service. He bowed and then indicated she should sit at a nearby table, offering food, which again was functional if tasteless. He was dressed in a similar robe, with an identical white diamond on his chest. I’m glad you’re better. His tone was conversational, but she wanted more from him. Sensing the flood of queries in her mind, he stopped her. Later - I will answer your questions when your husband arrives. She realised she hadn’t thought about Carnos since arriving here, and was ashamed. The man found this amusing. What a fickle creature you are, Doella. Sexual pleasure is your primary aim in life. I’ve absorbed your memories, except for those you do not share. I am sorry, it was impossible to avoid as the crystal synchronized. He spoke matter-of-factly. You are safe.

She understood his meaning. He was right. The only man who’d rejected her was Simune, but he was cold; she’d decided when assessing her new work colleagues for liaisons. It was the Varan way in youth, but Doella agreed she’d been excessive.
Besides, you are wed, even though you are so far from home. But if I’m right, Varan law keeps younger married couples on their planets. Doella felt lethargic as she gazed into his deep black eyes. The crystal amplifier is adjusting to your body, why you are sleepy again, he added. Come and rest. Your husband will be here soon and I’ll answer your questions then.
Sark led her to a couch at the far end of the room, beside a large window. Doella fell asleep watching the sea crash on to the rocks.
It was late afternoon when she woke, invigorated after her brief nap. Sark wasn’t there; he entered a few moments later followed by an angry-looking Carnos. Doella ran to him, and they embraced and kissed. Sark looked away as if embarrassed. She felt Carnos’ confusion. His anger subsided at finding her safe. He too recognised Sark’s race.
‘Please sit,’ Sark said. He spoke aloud, although he was unused to it. This time he’d replicated food more palatable to his guests. ‘I noticed your distaste at my simple nutrients,’ he smiled at Doella. ‘Eat first, and then I will tell you my story.’ Wine was available, but Sark did not partake of it.

When they finished eating, Sark stood and indicated they should follow him. He led them up a flight of stairs to a round tower with enormous glazed windows running from floor to ceiling. Outside, the rocks and the darkening skies were full of seabirds coming in to rest for the night on the rocky ledges. The simplicity of the place was breathtaking; she saw sky and nature. Any other decoration would have been superfluous.
‘I’m glad you like this, Doella. Please sit.’ He pointed to a round, low table and chairs. A carafe of wine stood on the table. Doella, protected by her crystal, was in no danger of inebriation. As it grew dark outside, subdued lights shone up from the edge of the floor and the ceiling. They relaxed and enjoyed the glorious sunset. The Varan waited for Sark to speak, instead, a Varan bracelet materialised. Doella and Carnos looked at it in amazement.

‘Your bracelets are compatible with our crystals. I understand you have lost yours,’ Sark said.
Doella was breathless with anticipation, but she shook her head. ‘I can’t wear a replicated bracelet.’
‘This is an original, although it’s been in stasis for many years. I believe your husband can make the adjustments?’ He levitated the bracelet over to the Varan. Carnos examined it, assuring himself of its authenticity. It was genuine, and soon encircled Doella’s wrist. The added power made her nauseous and dizzy. Sark stood behind her and placed his hands on either side of her head to help her recover, and the dizziness passed. She’d never felt a greater sense of well-being. The diamond and the bracelet were in perfect harmony with each other. The compatibility of their technologies intrigued her.
‘Now Sark, tell us your history,’ urged Carnos, feeling the same wonder as Doella. ‘I take it you were the dragon?’
‘Yes. It’s a long narrative, so you’d better make yourselves comfortable.’ He lay back in his seat, his eyes closed. ‘I’ve been alone for centuries - nearly a thousand years.’ The other two listened, as it was improper for them to interrupt. ‘Varan and Hyclos space overlap, and ages ago they entangled us in realities in this part of lamina. Our emphasis on development was different from yours. You urged the establishment of technology. While we attempted to enhance their minds and to imbue them with a sense of spirituality - to allow our charges to glimpse the potential of the infinite - as far as we could. This was one of our joint worlds, and it was a failure. They have not changed their ways in over a hundred thousand years - a record, I suspect.’ Their astonishment amused him.
Doella interrupted. ‘So that’s why the first tribe we visited appeared civilised, at least on the surface, and why their clothing and houses were more sophisticated than their Earth equivalents?’
‘Yes. It was very disappointing. The Varan left it to our sole care many years ago. I was in charge, and I broke my parameters without discussing the affair with my superiors. I tried to frighten these people into self-improvement.’
‘The dragon?’ suggested Carnos.
‘Yes. I was reprimanded by the removal of my ability to move between lamina. It was to be for a short time.’

He didn’t finish the sentence, but to their surprise, he took a sip of the wine Carnos poured for them. Then he changed the subject and pointed at Doella’s diamond. ‘Our crystals work as your bracelets do. When activated, they extend microscopic filaments into various parts of the body and brain. With the right equipment and knowledge, it’s easy to snap these lines, hence my inability to travel interlamina. I lack the instruments to repair the damage,’
‘Is that why you are interested in us?’ asked Carnos. ‘But why couldn’t you use the bracelet you gave to Doella or a new crystal?’
‘It didn’t fit my wrist. You have the same technology.’ Carnos nodded. ‘I contacted you because my race abandoned me here. The Varan no longer visit, and neither do the Hyclos.’

‘I’ll explain,’ said Doella. ‘A catastrophe occurred in your homeworld. Their experiments stopped, and the Hyclos migrated to another system many light-years from their original home. I’m unsure why, or if any Varan checked upon them. If they did, the information isn’t on the database.’
‘So, they forgot. How kind, no-one thought to come for me.’
‘You may never learn the reason,’ surmised Carnos. ‘It’s rumoured your people left to discover their spirituality… but we don’t know where.’
‘Well I hope they found it,’ Sark took another sip of wine. ‘I like this.’
‘Now I understand why you abducted Doella. It worried me when you grabbed her. Although I felt no sense of threat, I knew she was vulnerable without her bracelet.’
‘I’m sorry I frightened you both,’ he was apologetic.
‘I suppose you need transportation elsewhere. Perhaps we could take you to a Varan world so they can find your people?’ Carnos suggested.
‘No, I’d prefer to help you.’
‘Aid us, how?’ Carnos realised this was a man who’d made the same mistakes as he. But his imprisonment lasted a long time.
‘I realise your story,’ Sark continued, ‘I glimpsed Doella’s memories when I gave her the crystal. As she learns to use it, we’ll communicate mindfully. I propose I go with you when you leave this place. I can find many Hyclos worlds where your people wouldn’t search. When your problems are resolved, I’ll go in search of my race. Perhaps your people might give me the means to do so.’
‘Perhaps,’ said Doella, but she doubted it.
Sark read her mind. ‘You have scant faith in them, Doella? We’ll have to wait and see.’

They sipped their wine, each assessing the other.
Doella broke the silence. ‘Won’t you miss this house, Sark?’
‘Yes, but not the loneliness I’ve endured. Unlike you, Doella, my charges hold no interest for me, perhaps because this is a Varan world.’ He laughed. ‘Apart from giving them the odd fright, I have very little to do with them.’
Doella looked at Sark with an odd expression on her face. ‘Could I become a dragon too?’ she asked.
The slight tension in the room evaporated as they joined in Sark’s laughter, ‘I expect so,’ he replied.
They laughed even more. Sark relished the sound of his voice after the long silence.
Carnos decided without seeking Doella’s compliance. ‘When do we leave?’
‘As soon as we decide what to take with us.’ He pointed to Doella’s bracelet. ‘As you see, I have items which might interest you.’
The men left the room to assess what they’d take with them.

‘Lights out,’ said Doella. She sat in the dark watching the sky, and the clouds, which drifted across the two moons of Karth. It was a beautiful night. The stars shone brightly on this no-tech world. It lacked even a trace of light pollution. She considered the different approaches of the Varan and Hyclos to their genetic engineering. Her scientific soul looked forward to comparing ideas and results with Sark.
They returned with bulging packs. Carnos, always the technician, was pleased.
‘Did either of you think to pack any clothes?’ she asked.
‘I will select suitable clothing for us tomorrow when I’ve decided which planet we should visit first. Remembering how much you like dragons, Doella,’ He smiled at her. ‘Now we should sleep. It may be a while before we are in comfortable surroundings again.’ Sark led them to the bedroom, and with a formal Hyclos salute, he wished them goodnight.
‘Are you sure, Carnos,’ asked Doella?
Carnos itemised his reasons for accepting Sark’s proposal. ‘Not only will he have help on worlds we’d never think of visiting, but Hyclos technology is different from ours. The Hyclos have always fascinated me. Imagine an entire race migrating after living for millions of years in the same part of space. I wish I knew why.’
‘Yes, there’s nothing available in Varan data,’ Doella said. ‘I agree their unique technology may help disguise our signatures. What’s interesting are the worlds they left? After so long without Hyclos guidance, what will their religions and their spiritual beliefs be?’
‘Are you happy?’
He knelt on the bed, slipped her dress off her shoulders, and ran his hands across her breasts. Then he leaned forward and kissed the side of her neck. ‘Privacy may be difficult. Let’s make the most of this.’
They spent most of the night making love, secure and hopeful for the first time since the start of their travels. They fell asleep just before dawn.

Through his link with Doella’s mind, Sark felt their ecstasy. ‘This is impolite of me,’ he thought as he lay alone in the dark. ‘I should have shut off my connection with her.’ He could only sleep when their lovemaking ceased.
The sun was well up when they woke. Doella located the mechanism, which operated the bathroom and filled the tub with hot scented water. As she lay there, she heard Sark and Carnos talking in the bedroom. Sark was still there when she emerged naked from the room. He was embarrassed and looked away without making it appear obvious. An assortment of clothing was on the bed. She went closer to examine them. Sark jumped as she touched him.
‘Must I bear tight functional clothes again? Most are uncomfortable,’ she said.
Carnos sensed Sark’s increasing discomfort, and gave her a dark look. Sark recovered his composure with an effort and agreed she could wear a dress, as it’d be appropriate to their planet of destination. ‘Well, since you are the expert on Hyclos worlds, it’s obvious you must choose.’
Sark’s unease returned with the proximity of a still naked Doella, and he struggled not to show how uncomfortable he felt. He pointed to a blue skirt and top. ‘It’s hot on Levos in most months. Their winters are short but very cold; the inhabitants spend them in semi-hibernation because travelling in the icy weather is impossible. 1,000 years is a long time and fashions change, but I hope this won’t look out of place.’ He handed the clothes to her, making sure he didn’t touch her, and added soft leather boots. He nodded to Carnos and left.

Carnos was silent, but Doella understood he was angry. He went into the bathroom without speaking.
She dressed in a skirt. It tied at one side, exposing the whole of a long leg as she walked. The top was a lighter blue, sleeveless, it too fastened with tapes tied around her body and under her breasts, leaving them half exposed. The outfit surprised Doella. She pulled on the boots, made of open latticework for coolness. Carnos returned. He too was surprised at her outfit. He said nothing, but Doella sat on the bed and watched him dress.
‘You’re cross with me?’ she asked, trying to persuade him to break his irritating silence.
‘You embarrassed Sark by not covering yourself. It was rude and thoughtless of you.’
‘We’ll be travelling together, he must get used to it. Besides, there’s no need to worry. He doesn’t desire me.’
Carnos turned to her, his eyes blazing. ‘You must become more circumspect. If he didn’t like you, he wouldn’t be so uncomfortable. Simune was right - you have spent too long among humans. You have developed their women’s worst traits.’
He pulled on his clothes in a fury, while Doella looked on, trying not to feel guilty about his remarks. Nudity must be taboo on Hyclos, and she was thoughtless rather than provocative, treating the Hyclo as if he were another Varan.
Carnos wore loose, natural-coloured trousers, with tan boots similar to Doellas. His top resembled hers, but it fastened at the front with clips instead of ties.

They were not on speaking terms when Sark called. He was dressed the same as Carnos. Doella noticed how tall he was. He brought her replicated jewellery made of dark metal and brightly coloured enamelled discs. The necklace was pretty, and Doella asked Sark to put it on for her. He did so, appreciating the pair were arguing before his arrival. Then he handed her the matching earrings and bracelet. Carnos took them from her before she could ask Sark to help her with those too. He was not gentle when he pushed the earrings through the holes she made in her ear lobes. Sark gave Carnos a primitive ebonite carving on a chain, like the one he wore. He mind-spoke them to meet him downstairs, and fled the room.
They breakfasted in silence, for the easy companionship they shared yesterday evening changed because of Doella’s behaviour. She realised she’d altered their relationship in a non-constructive way and determined to make amends. As usual, she came straight to the point and apologised to Sark, saying she understood Hyclos customs differed from their own in many respects.
‘Nudity for us is natural, but it was thoughtless of me not to remember your race has different practices. As an anthropologist, I should’ve known better.’ Her apology softened the tense atmosphere.
‘Should we change our appearance?’ asked Carnos.
‘It’s up to you, but I don’t think remaining as you are will be a problem,’ suggested Sark. ‘I know how tiring it is to keep even a simple shape-change over a long period.’
The Varan were happy to stay as they were.
They were ready to leave. They carried large packs, but a levitation device rendered them weightless, and they’d keep them invisible in a bubble, useful when visiting a non-tech society. Sark said something to Carnos while glancing at Doella. He nodded in agreement and came over to her. She looked out of the window, enjoying the view for the last time. He mind-spoke to her. On Levos, married women expose their right breast and unmarried women, the left one.
It surprised Doella. Aloud, she said, ‘Sark, are you sure this is a Hyclos world we are going to?’ Carnos pulled at the tight-fitting bodice to expose her right breast.
Sark answered aloud too, with a subdued return of humour. ‘I’m sorry if the Levian customs embarrass you, Doella.’
She joined in Sark’s laughter, but Carnos closed his mouth in a straight, unyielding line, and refused to join in their mirth.

They entered the large courtyard where Sark, as the dragon, landed with Doella. Carnos formed a bubble big enough to contain them and raised it above the ground. Sark lifted his hand and made an odd gesture. His chest diamond sparkled, and the house disappeared.
‘Timeshift?’ asked Carnos.
Sark nodded and said, ‘We may have to return, and there’s useful technology here.’ He instructed the others how to reverse the shift, in case they became separated.

Sark led them through a maze of worlds. It surprised them how easily they travelled; their technology was compatible. Doella and Carnos employed their bracelets, carrying Sark with them as he navigated. Despite racial differences, their minds worked very well together.
They arrived on Levos without incident. It was a parched world, desolate beneath a hot, midday sun.
It might be safer to abandon this form of transport, suggested Sark. I used to meet my fellow Earth Formers at this location to discuss our different areas. I am familiar with the local people, but a thousand years is a long time, and they may have developed technology, which enables them to detect us. These co-ordinates are deliberate; we are not far from a modest settlement. The landscape has changed somewhat; it is drier and more barren. I recognise those hills over there. There should be a small town on the other side.
They walked in single file. The dusty ground dotted with clumps of weedy plants made walking difficult. Doella followed Sark, and Carnos took up the rear position.

Chapter 10
After leaving the grey planet, Takos and Simune continued their search. It was still difficult to track the fugitives, but Simune picked up a signature, and they headed for the reality. They arrived in a world where, instead of having their instruments to help and protect them, their devices didn’t work, and their bubble faded. An unknown mineral substance, present in the atmosphere and ground in small but dangerous quantities, affected their equipment. The air was thin and cold, with a curious metallic taste. It was hard to breathe.
‘Carnos is clever; it’s a false lead. They aren’t here, are they?’ Takos said.
Simune looked angry. ‘No, and we’ll have trouble getting back between,’ he said.

They stood on a rocky plateau. Around them was a monotonous landscape of slate-like rocks, smashed, as if a great hammer wielded by a furious god shattered them. The bubble was unstable, and their attempts to restart it were unsuccessful. The small tracing instrument was still working, and it showed the mineral ran through the ground beneath them.
‘We must find a place where the underlying rock is less toxic to our technology,’ said Simune in an exasperated tone.
The rocks look the same. It will be a long, exhausting walk in this thin atmosphere. Takos switched to mind voice; the air was so shallow it was challenging to breathe and speak at the same time. The levitator in their packs worked spasmodically. It kept cutting out, making their progress even more challenging.

They walked for a short way when they heard a scratching noise around them. They stopped and stood back to back, trying to see where the sound originated. At first, nothing was visible, but then they noticed a moving crowd coming at them and closing fast.
As it drew closer, they saw with horror the mass was composed of thousands of rat-like creatures scuttling at a relentless speed. There was no bubble to protect them, and the emanations from the rocks prevented them from using their bracelets to go interlamina.
Simune noticed one outcrop nearby stood out - ochre-coloured against the uniform grey of the slate. Quick - that yellow slab, urged Simune, starting to run towards it. Perhaps we can get the bubble restarted there.

They ran, forgetting they couldn’t breathe in the thin air. They clambered up the rock and stopped on it, but the rats were nearly upon them. Their bubble flickered and then held, but not before rats reached them. At least two dozen of the creatures were inside with them. Sensing something wrong, the rats attempted to join the others, but when they found their way barred, they turned and attacked them. They reached for the small weapons they brought, and soon bodies lay on the floor. They did not escape injury and were bitten and bleeding. The outside rats recovered from their surprise at a barrier protecting their prey, and now they covered the bubble. Their clambering bodies darkened the sphere. Simune illuminated the interior, but it only made the moving images above and around them even more terrifying. Takos begged Simune to take them back to Varos. They knew their superiors waited for them, but it was impossible to go elsewhere. If the bubble gave way, the rats would eat them alive.
Simune was always cool under pressure. He concentrated and returned them to Varos. They materialised in Takos’ rooms.
They relaxed with a deep breath of relief, but then the alarm sounded. Coss and Creel ran in, followed at a more sedate pace by two others. One of them told Coss to get rid of the rat bodies and then ordered Takos and Simune to follow them.
They reached the primary room and sat. Takos slumped onto the table with his head in his hands, and Simune sat beside him, staring straight ahead, oblivious to his surroundings. The elders allowed them time to recover from their ordeal before speaking. Creel poured the wine, and the councillor spoke.
‘As you are aware, I am Tyis, and my companion is Bros. We will delay this discussion for a while. What we see in your minds is distressing.’ These men were important members of the ruling Council which showed the seriousness of the situation. ‘Take them to their quarters,’ Tyis instructed Coss. ‘We will deactivate their bracelets so they can’t disobey.’

Takos and Simune accepted neural inhibitors so they could sleep without suffering nightmares. They got several hours’ rest, after which Coss escorted them back to the councillors to hear their decision. As it was an informal hearing, a meal was prepared, but no one appeared hungry. Everyone sipped at the wine.

This time, Bros did the talking. ‘We have considered your actions. We understand Takos’ wish to bring back his bandmate, but Simune - your actions are puzzling. You appear as eager as your friend to catch up with the runaways. But what’s your intention when you find them? You have no jurisdiction.’ Simune didn’t answer. ‘It is difficult to force another Varan to do anything against his will, so we must ask what your intentions are? Do you mean to kill Carnos?’ Simune remained silent, so Bros continued. ‘After allowing Carnos to languish trapped within interlamina, he’ll not be receptive to your arguments or persuasion. Why did you keep him, prisoner, for so long? As we told Simune, we only intended it to be for a temporary period, while your tempers cooled. In one of our exchanges, you told us you’d freed him. As it’s unusual for a Varan to lie, we accepted your word. How can you expect us to believe you again?’ Throughout this exchange, Takos looked at Simune with amazement. Tyis and Bros noted his surprise. He’d allowed his friend to communicate with the homeworld unsupervised and not realised Carnos was to be released. Not only betrayed but foolish for not asking questions.
‘Your thoughts are noted, Takos,’ said Tyis. ‘Your love for Doella and jealousy of Carnos made you careless.’ Takos felt ashamed, but Simune was defiant.
Bros turned to him. ‘Simune, Doella is not your bond mate, nor is there any sign you slept together, your behaviour is incomprehensible. Jealousy of Carnos’ technical powers is not a strong enough motive, nor is the dubious charge he compromised your work here.’ A long silence followed. The disclosures shocked Coss and Creel; neither behaved appropriately.
Bros continued. ‘We assume because of your Earth experiments, you are corrupted by your over-emotional charges. If true, you’ll not bear the blame, and neither will Carnos nor Doella. We contacted the High Council, and agree, we need professional help to bring them back and recover from this malady. It is not decided whether you should go with the Karish team, or be sent back to Varan. Please return to your rooms until we make a judgement.’
They led Takos and Simune to their quarters to await the result. They mind-spoke.
Simune, do you think this world has affected our thinking? I can’t understand why you left Carnos between for so long.
Simune hesitated before replying. I agree with you, our behaviour has been strange. It must be this planet; what else could it be? I’ll talk to you later, Takos. I’m tired because they deactivated my bracelet. Let’s rest first.

Takos lay awake for a long time, considering their actions. He knew his want for Doella offered a complete rationale for his behaviour, but Simune’s actions made no sense. He noticed a familiar emotional signature. ‘Doella?’ he said aloud. The signature was merged with another.
Then he heard Simune’s voice again. Takos could sense his friend’s anger and jealousy. Takos, you fool, don’t you realise what has happened? They have married.

There was no reply from Takos, and they spent the rest of their wait in mutual silence.

Chapter 11
Doella and her companions reached the hills. It was not a steep climb, but it was dangerous; the loose rock on the surface made walking difficult and slow. Sark mentioned there was a settlement on the other side of the hill. It turned out to be far more than a mere village. On the plain below lay a large walled capital, with a river running through the middle. They headed for a well-kept road. The metropolis was surrounded by pasture in which domestic animals grazed. Judging by the climate, it was early autumn, and most of the fields looked dusty and empty after harvesting the crops. In the distance, they watched four equestrians approaching.
As they drew nearer, the Varan realised these horses differed from the ones they saw on the Earth worlds. They were of a similar build, but their bellies and legs were reptilian, while their upper bodies were covered with long, coarse fibre. Their heads were scaled, with two short, vertical horns on their muzzles. The people riding them were humanoid, with strange slanting eyes of solid colour with no visible whites and lizard irises, closed against the sun’s glare. Just as Sark has, thought Doella, but his were so dark the irises were invisible. Their flesh was smooth, embossed with a faint reptilian pattern, unlike the Hyclos beside them, whose skin was unblemished. Their hair pulled into ponytails, and again, as Sark, the sides of their heads hairless, exposing fine, elongated ears. To the Varan used to humans who looked like themselves, they appeared alien.
The riders stopped a few feet away from the trio and inspected them. A man gesticulated to the others in a frightened manner. One, who appeared to be their leader, chastised him, and all but one rider dismounted. They knelt on one knee before Sark and Doella. Sark was familiar with their language and adjusted to the changes in the dialect, which occurred over the years. As Sark spoke to them, Doella understood as well. It was taking Carnos longer, he had no crystal, and Sark could not help him.
Sark talked to the leader, a tall man with pale silvery skin and dark hair and eyes. Doella realised what they were saying; the two Magi (Sark and herself) were to be escorted to the king’s palace. They were confused over Doella, and none of them looked at her.

Sark was right, their clothing hadn’t changed much, but the modern Levian fabrics were softer and more colourful. The riders were well-armed, with long and short swords slung over their backs, and daggers stuck into the belts which held their loose tunics in place.
‘And our friend?’ asked Doella. She pointed at Carnos, hoping she was using their language correctly. Her voice threw the most frightened member of the party into a state of absolute terror. He grovelled on the ground, bowing his head as low as possible. His superior made a strange clicking noise with his tongue and peered at Carnos. The travellers agreed in mind-speech to go with them. Even though the riders were armed, they were still no match for Sark and the Varan.

As they entered the city, Doella, and Carnos gazed around with interest. The city gates made of ornate twisted metal and wood, in an unusual pattern. Passing through the outer doors, they walked a wide straight main street. The houses on either side showed sturdy fronts, barred with stout wooden doors braced with metal. They passed a small market in a square just off the road, which led into a park. The shade of the trees was welcome, as their protective bubble no longer covered them. No one could detect the bubble; there was no visible technology or any sense of mind communication. They arrived at another set of doorways, even more, magnificent than the first ones. Inside, they saw a large paved courtyard surrounded by large buildings - perhaps a parade ground.

The men rode their horses through a wide arch to the left. But the leader dismounted and led them into a cool lobby and a small annexe, furnished with hard wooden seats. Here he asked them to wait. A short time later, a male servant appeared. He carried a tray of pottery mugs containing bitter herb tea. The drink was refreshing after the scorching sun. Before they finished, the soldier returned, accompanied by another man, dressed in a long robe as Sark wore on the island. He too bowed low.
‘If you please, Magi, please follow me to your quarters? Our wizard is not in residence at present. He is travelling, but I have sent word to him, and he’ll return as soon as possible.’ As they followed him, the soldier stopped Carnos. ‘No, not you,’ he said.
‘What’s wrong?’ asked Doella.
‘This man will go to the men’s quarters,’ said the robed servant. ‘You and your husband,’ he indicated Sark, ‘are the only ones allowed in the private chambers of the palace.’

Carnos spoke to Doella in mind-speech. I can find out more this way. He let the soldier lead him away.
Doella wasn’t happy. Sark told her not to worry over Carnos, and they shouldn’t challenge these people’s traditions if they intended to live here. Doella agreed with him, but she said she’d miss her husband. They followed the man up a steep flight of stairs and along a dim, austere corridor, lit with candle lamps, to a small, shuttered room. It contained only a bed, a desk and two hard chairs beside a table. No fire burned in the empty grate.
As soon as the servant left, Doella knelt on the window-seat and flung back the shutters to admit more light. These windows overlooked a cool, shady courtyard, with seats, tables, and pots of flowers. Doella turned her attention to the room. On the table rested a tray containing beakers of fermented drink, and a plate of small bread rolls. Doella sat and ate a roll. Sark did the same. They didn’t speak to each other.
When they finished, Sark opened the door. Two guards stood guard. ‘We are here for your protection, Magus. Everything you need is inside your room.’

They found a primitive lavatory concealed in a cupboard. The plumbing was basic, and a jug of tepid water placed on an ornate wooden stand beside the bed for washing.
Sark said. ‘I’m sorry there’s no bath for you.’
‘This will have to do. Please excuse me while I wash this dust away. I’m very dirty.’
She poured water into a bowl. Sark looked out of the window while she removed her clothes and washed as best she could, using a small piece of grainy soap. She dried herself with linen stored underneath the stand. She didn’t bother to dress again, saying her dress was too soiled, and rolled the embroidered cover around herself and sat on the bed. She called over to Sark. ‘Can you ask the guards for clean clothes?’
He did as she asked. Doella lay on the bed to wait. A knock sounded at the door, and the secretary entered, accompanied by an attendant carrying a pile of fresh clothes. Another servant followed, bringing more water. They looked shocked at Doella’s state of undress and glanced away from her. She thanked them, and they left.
Sark turned around and glared at her. ‘This is not a Varan world. We Hyclos are more circumspect in our manners,’ he said aloud.
‘I’m sorry, I offended. I covered up, but not enough. I should’ve put on the dirty clothes.’ She dressed in an outfit similar to the one Sark gave her, but the pale green material was much finer. She looked away while Sark washed. ‘Why do they assume we are married?’ she asked.
‘It’s the crystals. They believe we are wizards, and in this land, only wizards marry wizards.’
‘It’s left us in a real muddle,’ replied Doella. ‘I have no husband now.’
‘Doella, you are selfish.’

When Sark finished washing, Doella lay on the bed again, for the chairs were uncomfortable. She mind-spoke Carnos. He said he was fine, but the dormitory was a military one, and they expected him to join in the drills and weapons practice with the others.
They think they’ll be at war soon, but it’s hard to find out more, they’re not giving much away.
Carnos, are you up to doing this? You aren’t an anthropologist, and you have never seen an actual battle - it’s very unpleasant.
Doella, I still have my bracelet. My reflexes are fast, and I’m stronger than they are. It will be an interesting experience, though I know I might find it shocking. He sounded as if he looked forward to it, although he knew Doella considered his enthusiasm naïve. He said he must go because the meal was due, and then said, Goodnight, my beautiful wife.
Doella replied. I’m lonely here, and Sark is cross with me.
Carnos laughed. Just remember you are a professional anthropologist, not a witch, or a goddess, and you’ll be fine. He was amused by his wife’s “shocking behaviour” as she described it to him, but when he thought on it, grew concerned. She was not using her scientific abilities - but he admitted she’d been under unusual stress.

Soon after, Doella fell asleep from sheer boredom. She woke when a serving-man came in with a tray of food and drink. He lit the lamps, and started the fire since the night air was cool.
Doella tried to engage him in conversation, but he looked scared so she didn’t continue. After he went, she said to Sark. ‘Why is everyone more frightened of me than they are of you? It isn’t because I look different; Carnos isn’t having the same problem.’
He gave her question careful consideration before replying. ‘I think they are not used to female wizards. You remember how the soldier reacted when he saw your crystal?’
They ate in silence, and when they finished, Sark sat in the window-seat.

Doella searched his mind. She reached both hands out and pulled his head onto her breasts. After a moment’s resistance, he went limp, and the loneliness she sensed was so deep it wounded her.
‘Oh Sark, I didn’t understand how lonely you’ve been.’ She tilted his head, forcing him to look at her; but he grasped her wrists and pulled away.
‘You wish to be kind, but your pity doesn’t help me,’ he said. ‘Please, Doella, sit and relax.’
‘Since there’s nothing else to do; will you tell me how my crystal works?’ she cajoled. ‘And I know so little of your people, tell me more about them.’

Doella felt puzzled. Sark wasn’t as charming as he’d been on the island. He spent most of his time sitting still with his eyes closed. Doella was sociable, and his behaviour annoyed her, so she walked away. The crystal made her dizzy, she lay on the bed while her body adjusted. She tried to start up the conversation again. ‘Do your women resemble me?’ she asked.
Sark laughed in a way she hadn’t heard before, and she liked the sound. ‘No, Doella.’
‘I’ve read it’s difficult to tell your sexes apart.’
‘Not if you are Hyclos. But as you are aware, our social system differs to yours. We do not marry, and women choose a man to mate with only if they want a child. Most of the time we live apart. The children are bought up with only brief contact with their parents. When their education is complete, they choose what they will do for the rest of their lives, and their teachers guide them. Teachers are important to us, and they continue to influence their students through life. Many of them become our leaders.’ He stopped. ‘Come here, Doella and we will connect - it’s much easier than talking.’

Sark was so alien she was unsure; she did not know what to expect. ‘I’ll tell Carnos
first. He’s ready to go to sleep.’ She mind-spoke her husband and then turned back to Sark. 
‘Carnos said he’ll wait until we’ve completed our connection in case I need his help afterwards.’

She got up off the bed and stood in front of Sark. He reached for her forehead, but the exchange made her dizzy and she swayed. Sark moved to support her and hold her in his arms. ‘How are you, Doella?’
‘I’m fine. Still adjusting to the crystal. Our minds are compatible, aren’t they? I didn’t know as much as I thought about the Hyclos - you have a very different social structure than ours, and without family members, you are in less danger of overpopulation. I suppose that was the original reason… although you must have begun with family groups. Most models I’ve seen or heard of follow Varan lines.’
‘Yes, you are right, planet overpopulation can destroy a race, and we were reluctant to move off the homeworld. Our minds are compatible. I believe with practise Carnos and I will communicate, even without having a crystal,’ replied Sark. ‘I agree, our physiology is more similar than we expected. You’d better lie down in case you are faint again.’
‘I’ll inform Carnos what you told me.’
After she did, Carnos said. If you were with any other man but Sark, I’d be jealous, but I know I can trust him. Goodnight, my love.

Deep within her mind, Doella thought, Sark may be trustworthy, but am I? Doella knew Sark attracted and fascinated her. Despite his loneliness and vulnerability, he was self-aware and could contemplate his surroundings with a serene detachment she envied. Was this what intrigued her? His remoteness was a challenge to her; she felt a strong need to find the man inside, but she told herself she was being foolish.

Chapter 12
It was many days before Takos and Simune rejoined the elder Varan. This time another Councillor was with them - a woman who introduced herself as Sarilla. The elders were sitting at the table in the principal room, and Sarilla asked Takos and Simune to sit opposite them. Coss and Creel were absent, and they offered no wine or food to them.
Sarilla was in charge of the proceedings. ‘We have reassessed our opinions in this matter, and agreed Simune has broken the law by keeping Carnos imprisoned for so long without our knowledge. As for you, Takos, we find you have been negligent by not questioning Simune’s activities, although we sense you knew in your heart, your behaviour was wrong. This added information makes Carnos’ escape understandable, for no one came to hear his side of the story. Doella’s actions are unusual; she has unlawfully “married” Carnos in secret when she is bonded to Takos. This violates Varan law.’ 
Both men sat stony-faced and silent. Their earlier close friendship marred by Simune’s cruel outburst, and they hadn’t spoken since. 
Sarilla noticed the change in their relationship, but she continued without comment, ‘We have made a hard decision. Instead of you being exiled to an outer world for rehabilitation, we will let you continue your search for Doella and Carnos.’
Takos and Simune looked surprised.

Tyis took over from Sarilla. ‘But, you will not be going alone. We have summoned the Karish to help you.’
The Karish was a shadowy organisation rarely seen or spoken of by ordinary, law-abiding citizens. They formed a police force, used by the elders for obtaining information and carrying out the sentences imposed by the Council. Since most Varan didn’t break the law, the Karish became mystical bogeymen who existed only in the minds of the populace. Takos and Simune were not happy with this decision but had no choice but to agree to it.
Sarilla, reading their thoughts, communicated again. ‘After the runaways are brought back, your conduct will be reassessed. Please return to your quarters and plan to leave. The Karish arrive soon.’

Takos and Simune mind-spoke each other, their argument forgotten. The outcome relieved Takos, but Simune reminded him. Don’t forget, our case will be reviewed when Doella and our “friend” are found.
When they returned to their rooms, they discovered their bracelets were in working order; the elders were showing trust in their future good behaviour. They’d be under surveillance of the Karish. They agreed to go along with what they decided, as this offered the strongest chance of finding the runaways.
It was their second night on Levos. A serving-man, accompanied as always by the secretary who’d still not mentioned his name, brought a meal for the two so-called Magi. He had good news.
‘The Wizard will arrive tomorrow evening, and meet you soon afterwards.’ He bowed his head as he addressed them.
When they left, Doella poured Sark a glass of wine. But instead of handing it to him, she took the first sip and turning the cup around, offered him the same place to drink from, and then stood on his left side.
‘It isn’t Tré water, Sark.’
Her actions shocked him and he remained silent; but when Doella refused to move, he said, ‘Are you mad? Do you realise what you’re doing?’
‘Yes… we shared memories.’
Her plans surprised her as much as Sark. She hadn’t planned this, not considered it; but still, she declined to take back her offer. He took the glass and drank the rest of its contents. She asked for a mating, and Sark agreed to it. They were unsure of their next move, and it shocked both of them at their lack of control as their instincts overcame polite behaviour.
‘Carnos is asleep - he won’t find out if we bury our memories deep enough.’
‘Why, Doella?’ Sark sat in his chair bemused.
‘I felt a strange urge to hold you, and then it happened. I’m as surprised as you. It’s not lust, and not having Carnos with us. I can’t explain. It’s not pity. It’s necessary as if I need to fill your emptiness.’ Her explanation was unsatisfactory, and they knew it.

They returned to mind-speech. Sark admitted he lacked experience. Doella allowed her gown to fall to the floor, and then she undid Sark’s belt and took off his tunic. His body was smooth and muscular, unlike the slim, wiry build of Varan men. She slipped her arms around him and waited for him to kiss her. His passion rose, and she stepped back as he removed the rest of his clothes. Taking his hand, she led him to the bed, and he lay and allowed Doella to instigate the mating. He sensed her arousal; his alien form was an aphrodisiac to her. She realised this member was strange, like a two-barrelled telescope. She settled beside him and touched it, and the second barrel emerged from its sheath. As she straddled him and placed him inside her, her mind and body instructed him what to do. Their love-making became more frenzied, and he seized her breasts. He was so tall she found it hard to reach his lips, and she held onto his shoulders as she rocked. Sark was in control, and Doella became passive as he sat up and pulled her close. They reached orgasm together.
Sark pressed his weight upon her for a moment before rolling on to his side. They lay gazing at each other for a while before Doella kissed his eyes and mouth. ‘I’ll bury this deep so Carnos won’t find out,’ she said.

They spent the night in each other’s arms. Next morning, they didn’t mention their new relationship, but they touched each other. They dared not discuss this in case they transmitted their feelings to Carnos. It was difficult for them to resist the urge to make love again. They longed for Carnos to lose himself in sleep, and yet the longing made them ashamed.
Carnos spent his days as an army recruit. The Varan had used technology in place of brute strength for a long while, and he found the experience exhilarating. His bracelet amplified the power of his agile body. Although he was inexperienced in weapons play, he impressed his comrades with his ability to learn fast, and they admired his innate courage and dexterity. He noticed the Levians were more similar in physique to the Varan than the Hyclos.

In the barracks, they woke early. Carnos wished Doella a good morning. Then he drank tea and went onto the parade ground for the morning drill. The realities of army life fascinated him. He understood why Doella enjoyed spending so much time on-world. Afterwards, he ate a nutritious breakfast of bread and cheese, fruit and weak beer. Then they prepared for weapons practise, in a large hall, or outside in the square. Carnos’ group used long and short swords for different combat training. He noticed other groups used heavy wooden staffs and double-headed axes. There were no archers. He was tempted to introduce this weapon to his superior officers but thought better of it.
The trainees had an early evening meal and spent the rest of the time, as they liked. Talking, cleaning their clothes or weapons, or gambling with a board game with tokens of carved bone. Carnos conversed with Doella.
I’m tired of waiting for this Wizard person to arrive, she said.
He laughed at her impatience and told her of his need to be with her. She sounded detached as he spoke to her, and then he heard her mental sigh. It won’t be much longer until we see each other again, my love, Carnos said. If they keep us apart too long, we’ll make a plan to meet. But it will be difficult for me to leave the barracks without my absence being noticed. Goodnight, my dear love.

The next morning Doella sounded vaguer. Carnos had an overwhelming need to see and touch her. She laughed at him this time. Remember what you said last night—bide your time. This wasn’t his impatient wife, perhaps Sark was teaching her how to relax.
They introduced Carnos to Tanth, the sergeant who escorted them into the city. Unlike Doella, Carnos had no trouble interacting with his comrades; they thought he came from foreign parts, which explained his physical differences. He found it strange it wasn’t the same for Doella. She informed him the attendants wouldn’t look at her. As the men trusted him, Carnos thought he knew why. At first, the other soldiers were cautious, fearing he might be a spy; but when Tanth told them, he was the Wizards’ servant, their demeanour changed to awe. He discovered the drilling and practise was not for show, new recruits came every day. Many were young and eager as if they embarked on an adventure. The older and wiser were cautious. They realised the war was coming.

Carnos worked out the puzzle piece by piece. To the north lived a powerful Wizard who ruled a vast empire as a king. He refused to accept the authority or control of the other Wizards. Because his territories were barren, his growing population needed more land to grow crops. His armies advanced into the plentiful southern provinces, killing and stealing on the way. Displaced people had streamed into the capital for the past few months. Many more would follow. The refugees were seeking shelter, and they told dreadful stories of the northern invaders. Citizens left, fearing for their lives. But most stayed, realising their beautiful city was worth the fight. The marauding army was only weeks away.

This foreign Wizard used terrible arts to achieve victory, but Carnos couldn’t decide of what these skills comprised. It was said he rode a fire-breathing dragon through the sky, spurring on his troops. This primitive culture intrigued and stimulated Carnos. He was no longer surprised Doella rarely returned to Varos. She must find living alongside humans as exciting as he did these people. He relayed this to Doella, who passed the information on to Sark.
Sark remarked, ‘We wait for the Wizard.’

Chapter 13
Doella and Sark touched bodies but not minds, as if they separated the two. Carnos would’ve detected any mental pairing. To help relieve the strain of their physical longing, they spoke aloud of their races’ different customs, comparing them in a detached, scientific way. They kept their actual feelings deep.
When their discussion was over, Doella was restless again. ‘I wish this Wizard would get here. I’m trapped in this small room.’
Sark sat with his eyes closed. He found it arduous to relax too. Doella’s presence made it difficult for him to think of anything but his desire for her. She’d disturbed his peace forever, but glad of their intimacy. His emptiness was still there, but now he knew what filled it.

The day wore away. In the afternoon, the Secretary called to say the Wizard had arrived, and when they were prepared, he’d escort them to his presence.
‘I’ve been ready all day!’ Doella snapped, and her impatience terrified him.
She paced the floor in frustration. Sark remained sat with his eyes shut. The man returned, too scared to look at Doella. He led them along a series of gloomy corridors, and up and down flights of steep stairs, before stopping before a narrow door. He knocked with a carved wooden stick hung on the wall nearby. Receiving a reply, he opened the door for Doella and Sark, and closed it after them.

The room was cramped, dark, and cluttered, with a low ceiling, and filled with books, and various objects, both beautiful and ugly.
A fellow stood with his back to an open window. They could not see his face, his form silhouetted against the light. As he moved closer, it surprised them he looked different from the other people they met. He was taller, with smooth, unmarked skin, a watered-down version of Sark. As if time washed away the dynamic vitality of the Hyclos. It was difficult to decide his age, but his body was straight, and he walked with agility. He too wore a robe, with a bright stone on his exposed chest. Doella and Sark sought for mind-speech with him, but there was none. This was surprising considering he wore a crystal - although his hung from a chain.
He’s not Hyclos, Sark said in Doella’s mind. But we genetically engineered him, as we did the others here.
And like our genetic experiments, not as good as the original. They could never be a challenge to you, Sark. Both our races made the same mistakes, answered Doella.

They looked at each other. The silence became uncomfortable. The man looked puzzled and they waited for him to speak.
‘Please sit,’ he said, directing them to the chairs beside another window in a far corner. ‘My name is Cloet Te-in and I am Tenth Designation.’ He stopped, waiting for a reply. Sark said his name and introduced Doella. Again, there was silence. Unable to wait any longer, Cloet Te-in shouted. ‘And your designations?’
‘It’s Sark and Doella,’ repeated Sark.

The man grew agitated. He stood up, walked to the window, and tried to compose himself. Then he came back and sat. ‘I’m sorry, but our order has no mention of a Sark or a Doella, and you say you have no designations. How is this possible? I was told you were Wizards. This appears to be true, for you are wearing crystals; but by law, Wizards have a number and a designation, and you have none. It is most perplexing,’ he finished, unsure of how to go ahead.
Doella answered. ‘I’m sorry, Cloet Te-in if our arrival here has upset you. We aren’t from this area.’
‘We appoint every Wizard on this world,’ he repeated.
Doella mind-spoke Sark. This silly conversation is getting nowhere.
Perhaps the truth might help?
Not too much, please. They may lock us up as madmen.
‘Cloet Te-in, we are not designated members of your order, but we are Wizards - we are the last of our kind,’ Sark announced. ‘We have visited you, to aid you in the war with our errant brother.’ Cloet Te-in looked surprised, and before they could stop him, he fell to his knees before them. Sark pulled the Wizard to his feet. ‘Please,’ said Sark, ‘don’t stand on ceremony.’

Doella mind-spoke Sark again. What are you doing? What story are you telling him?
I’m making it up as I go. It’s working. He can’t mind-speak so I tell him what he wants to hear.
Your Hyclos progeny is flawed. He’s weak and frightened, reduced to grovelling on the ground before his superiors.
Doella sensed Sark’s amusement. If this man were formidable, he wouldn’t believe our explanations.

Sark deposited the Wizard in his chair. There was a jug and glasses on a nearby table, Doella poured drinks and handed one to Cloet Te-in, who shook, and the liquid slopped on to his dark robe. Sark and Doella sipped at their wine.
In a few moments, Cloet Te-in recovered his composure and refilled his glass. ‘My apologies, Great Ones, I have never met a Clos. I thought you were a legend.’ He sat again. Doella and Sark glanced at each other.
‘Do we appear a myth?’ asked Sark.
Sark, it’s not right to deceive these people. I don’t want to be a Great One. When I go on-world, I disguise myself to look like them. I don’t make up stories to appear important. The humour of the situation struck her, and she laughed aloud. Sark joined in, and soon even Cloet Te-in laughed, although he didn’t understand what the joke was. It cleared the air between them.

Cloet Te-in filled his glass again, and offered more to his Great Ones. He smiled, ‘You are here to save us,’ he said.
The import of Sark’s words struck him for the first time. Doella asked him why the Secretary and serving man hadn’t introduced themselves.
‘They are a childlike, superstitious people, and believe if they don’t say their names, it protects them from our magic.’ Cloet Te-in beamed, looking like a pleased child. ‘I will send for First Designate. He’ll be pleased to see you, and grateful for your help. We thought we’d lose our country.’
‘Might we visit First Designate ourselves?’ asked Doella, eager to escape from the confines of the palace.
‘Perhaps.’ Cloet Te-in didn’t look convinced.
‘We brought a servant,’ she continued, ‘but they’ve not allowed him with us and we need his services. Will you arrange this?’
‘If you wish it,’ he said. ‘But only during the day. In the evening, he must return to his dormitory. No low rank stays in the main palace after sunset, apart from the King, a handful of favoured nobles, and senior guards and servants. I will organise larger quarters for you in the Royal wing.’
Asking for Carnos’ services didn’t get you very far, said Sark.
It suits me. She replied, her meaning clear.

Cloet Te-in rang a small bell, and the Secretary entered; he must have been waiting. The Wizard gave him a set of instructions and asked Doella and Sark to go with him. This time he led them into the palace proper. The corridors were wide, decorated with draperies and cabinets. He opened the door into a large chamber. It was airy, its outer walls full of windows. The rest of the surfaces covered with tapestries, but the room was devoid of ornaments or paintings. Carved furniture of dark wood, solid and heavy, didn’t clutter it. The bed-coverings embroidered with silken material.
The Secretary bowed. ‘Please, your Greatness. I hope these apartments are more to your liking.’
‘When is my man coming?’
‘He will be here soon, Great One.’
Sark asked him if they could look around the palace at their leisure.
‘Of course,’ the little man fussed, waving his hands in the air. He turned to Doella. ‘I’m afraid your servant must return to his dormitory at sundown; it is the law. The King and his court have requested you join them this evening. I will escort you to them after sunset. A new choice of garments will arrive for your approval. If you require anything please ring the bell, or send your servant to see me. A guard will be stationed in the corridor to attend to your needs.’ He bowed and left.

She explored the rooms in her usual impatient fashion. The suite comprised a reception area, a bedroom, and a rudimentary bathroom.
‘No taps on the bath,’ said Sark, smiling at her, ‘although there’s a pipe to drain the water away. It will take an army to fill it.’
‘Then my dear Sark, I’ll ask for an army.’ They looked at each other, and Doella stood on tiptoe and kissed his cheek.

The door opened soon afterwards and Carnos entered. Doella flung herself into his arms. He kissed her. Sark greeted Carnos and mentioned he’d explore the palace for an hour before he organised Doella’s bath.

‘I see why they think you are married,’ said Carnos. ‘Wizards are even more important than royalty, and a female one unheard of for many years. Everyone is terrified of you.’
Carnos picked up a laughing Doella and carried her into the bedroom, eager to make love after being so long apart.

They heard Sark return. Carnos dressed, kissed his wife, and said he’d come back next morning after the drills. Doella looked at him in disbelief.
‘I enjoy it. I may leave for battle training too.’
Doella shook her head, but her eyes were mischievous. ‘Goodbye then, my love.’
She heard Carnos laughing with Sark before the door closed. Sark entered the bedroom. Doella felt uncomfortable.

‘I’ve asked for your army of servants to come and fill the bath. Please make sure you’re dressed, they will be here soon.’
She pulled on her clothes and followed him into the sitting room. He looked out of a window overlooking a pleasant walled garden. Doella stood behind him and waited. He turned to face her, and she put her arms around him. After a long moment, he returned her embrace and bent to kiss her.

A knock on the door announced the servants to fill the bath. They brought perfumed oils and soaps. Left alone, Doella undressed and slid into the warm water. Afterwards, she suggested Sark might use it too, as it was still warm. She sat by the window in the last rays of the setting sun and combed her hair, using the power of her bracelet to dry it. Then she examined the garments they’d left for them.
She’d seen women in the streets with one breast exposed, as Sark described. It was strange they maintained the same custom after so many years. On Doella’s Earth, the customs changed fast. Humanity achieved more in less time.
Have they? She heard Sark’s question in her mind. Their civilisations always end after a short cycle, through war or by exhausting the land so it can no longer support them. I do not call that progress, but stupidity.
Doella spoke aloud. ‘I suppose a perfect world would be a melding of our ways.’
‘Perhaps - or perhaps both of our races could do better.’

She ceased her reverie and examined the clothes again. They were finer than the first. Doella’s were of silken fabric, embroidered with gold and silver around the edges and the hem. Her enamelled jewellery was too ordinary to match the new garments but she found a new selection in a box. She selected an outfit in her favourite soft blue, and didn’t mind it showed more of her body than it covered. The room had no mirrors, but when Sark entered he said. ‘You look beautiful.’
‘These garments don’t fit my figure; the skirt doesn’t meet.’ She pointed to the side fastening at the low waist.
‘You know how lovely you are, Doella,’ Sark repeated, wishing they could make love. 
He checked through the pile of clothes and found a garment he liked. It was too short 
for his height, and they laughed.

The Secretary knocked at the door. He too dressed in a fine robe styled in the Hyclos manner. Behind him, servants carried lamps to light their way. They moved along the corridor and down a sweeping flight of steps. The clerk opened a pair of double doors guarded by soldiers. He whispered their names to the major-domo, who introduced them to the company. The hall was large, and the crowd stood as they entered. Male predominated, but a few women were present. She was alien to them; they must think her ugly.
Yes, Doella, they resemble Hyclos women, said Sark, reading her thoughts.

Their skin was different colours, although silvery shades predominated; there were a few bronze. Their fine spidery skin-pattern was unique in every individual. The sexes wore their hair the same, at shoulder level. Everyone remained silent, staring at the two strangers. The secretary led them to a table at the far end of the room.

So the King, thought Doella to Sark, has no queen?
Don’t get any ideas, said Sark with an attempt at humour.
I’ve made love to many kings, Sark. In the older times on my Earth, they were fine, virile men. How I miss those days. I wish they’d sent me to a younger Earth.
I imagine your superiors would’ve prevented that at all cost. Thanks to you, I know something of your Earth history. Many of these ancient kings were… unsophisticated. Surely not to a civilised Varan’s taste? But Sark wasn’t laughing at her memories, and Doella fell silent. He struggled to overcome feelings of jealousy.
You are a strange man, jealous of my past lives. It’s over, I told you, I prefer to keep a low profile.
My dear Doella, you will never have a modest profile, wearing that outfit. He recovered his sense of humour.

King Trasnos, made a short, formal speech welcoming them to his court, announcing his Wizard, Cloet Te-in, validated the reasons for their visit. A sober Cloet Te-in looked uncomfortable.
Sark mind-spoke Doella again. I suppose he feels we may not be on the same side.
Aren’t we on the same side?
I can’t say for sure yet, was Sark’s enigmatic reply.

The King escorted them to two large chairs next to his own. These were larger than his and Cloet Te-in’s. When they were seated, a loud buzz of debate resumed, and everyone stared at the newcomers. Trasnos spoke to Doella, as Sark conversed with Cloet Te-in. He tried to pry information out of the imbibing Wizard, and was finding it a simple task.
‘It’s very kind of you to take care of us, your majesty,’ Doella made polite conversation.
Trasnos appeared young. His bronze skin was darker than most and faintly traced with silver. His hair was black, and his eyes a greenish colour. He was taller than most of the Levians.
‘My name is Trasnos, Great One,’ he replied. He stared at her breasts; they fascinated him.
‘You are rare, Trasnos. Most of your people are frightened of me; they refuse to tell me their names or talk to me.’
‘I apologise on their behalf,’ said the accomplished monarch; ‘but they are very superstitious.’

The meal consisted of fruits, bread, and salads. Doella realised the herds in the fields must be for milk production as there was a variety of fresh cheeses offered. They drank good honey wine. After Trasnos drunk several glasses of this in quick succession, he plucked up enough courage to ask Doella what intrigued him. ‘Great One, I am fascinated by the swelling around your nipples…’ he paused as if embarrassed and made an involuntary movement as if to touch them.
Doella took his hand and placed it on her exposed breast. The buzz of conversation stopped again. Everyone stared.
Doella! Sark gave her a sharp mental call.
‘This is normal for my race.’
‘Your eyes are strange too,’ he said, gazing into them, ‘but they are lovely.’
She sensed his want for her. So did Sark, who then addressed Trasnos. He wasn’t pleased Doella flirted with him. She turned to the courtier on her other side. He was the top general of the forces Carnos was seconded to, but despite his martial reputation, he found it very difficult to talk to Doella. He was in awe of her.

The meal dragged on for hours. Afterwards, the courtiers approached to say goodnight and to get a closer look at the guests. The King then asked Sark and Doella to go with him. He took Doella’s hand to help her from her seat, but he did not let go. He led them to a small room behind the main hall. Still holding Doella’s hand, Trasnos guided her to a chair. As she sat, her skirt revealed the entire length of one leg. She pulled her hand away and said. ‘Please sit with us, Trasnos.’
The King came to his senses and noticed Sark frowned at them.
You too, Sark, Doella suggested.
Trasnos poured them another drink from a jug on a small table. His hand shook as he gave a glass to Doella. Her skirt slipped open wider, and she didn’t close it.
He offered them honey cakes, and then took a seat opposite Doella where he could stare uninterrupted at her legs.
‘We needed to give you a proper welcome. My people are afraid of you, their fear is deeply rooted,’ he declared with an effort, trying to focus on what he said.

They made small talk for a while, and then Sark said they were tired and would return to their rooms. Trasnos apologised for delaying them, and to their surprise, he led the way himself. When they arrived at their door, he bowed low and left.

Once they were inside the room, Sark spoke angrily. ‘If I hadn’t been there, you’d have seduced him. You don’t know the customs of this land, and yet you ignored protocol.’
 ‘I’m sorry, but is it my fault my breasts fascinated him?’
‘You were offering him more.’ he remarked.
She didn’t answer, knowing Sark was right, and walked into the bathroom to get ready for bed, mind-speaking Carnos as she did so.
I know you very well Doella; you should listen to Sark. Your actions could be misconstrued.
She said a sharp good night to him and returned to the bedroom.

Sark left, and since it was late, she waited for Carnos to fall asleep before leaving to search for him. For a moment, she thought about Trasnos. She must sleep with someone, her behaviour aroused her. She decided if Sark wouldn’t come to bed, she’d ask to see the King. In exasperation, she pulled on a dressing robe and looked for Sark. The guards in the corridor followed her with their eyes, and she didn’t care she shocked them. She used her crystal to guide her to Sark’s location and found him sitting in one of the walled gardens. A pleasant scent of blossoms filled the cool night air.

Sark, she mind-spoke him. Please come to bed.
He turned to face her, his anger gone. ‘Can any man hold you, Doella? If I don’t return, you’ll go to the King, won’t you? Sleeping together was a mistake.’
‘No - it’s you I want,’ she said aloud. ‘Sark, I’ll try to avoid hurting you and Carnos. I’ve used my femininity and my need for sex to control those around me for so many years I find it difficult to stop,’ she admitted.
‘If you continue to have both of us, and take other lovers, someone will be hurt,’ he replied. ‘No point telling me child races don’t count. That’s just an excuse.’
She hadn’t realised how uncomfortable he was sharing her with Carnos, but now she sensed the strength of his jealousy. She said nothing, but took his hand and led him back to bed.
Carnos arrived next morning carrying their breakfast tray. He kissed the top of Doella’s head. ‘I can’t stay long, I’ve only a short time before drills start; tell me what you found out.’
‘Sark discovered more than I did,’ replied Doella. ‘He spoke to Cloet Te-in for most of the evening.’
‘The Wizard doesn’t hold his drink well, Carnos.’ Sark smiled. They listened. ‘As you know, these people are Levians, and form ninety-three per cent of the races here - but pockets of a primitive race still exist on another continent. On rare occasions, a Levian gives birth to a child who has no pattern on his flesh, and when weaned, is given to the Brotherhood of Wizards to raise. This Brotherhood teaches and guides only males with unmarked skin, as only they have the ability and skills.’ He nodded towards Doella. ‘Female ones are mythical; no pure skinned girls have been born during their recorded history. They are anxious to discover why two foreigners, one female, turn up, just as the city is threatened. We divide them as to whether we are a good or bad omen.’

Out of context and without warning, Doella asked Sark, ‘I’ve been thinking, I wish to learn how to become a dragon. It may be necessary if this attacking Wizard has the ability, then he’ll have two dragons to contend with, not just one.’ Her argument was flawed, and she knew it.
Carnos looked at Doella with amazement, but Sark smiled. ‘I must ask your husband’s permission,’ he said.
‘Why?’ asked a ruffled Doella.
‘Because I have to reach deep within your mind, and the process is invasive. I want Carnos to understand what we have to do.’ Doella gave an embarrassed laugh. ‘I need your agreement, Carnos,’ insisted Sark.
Both looked at Carnos. He took a long time replying. He was jealous at the thought of Sark’s further mental bonding with his wife. Sark expressed his sympathy with a glance, and Doella kept quiet.

After deliberation, Carnos agreed. ‘Something tells me I’ve not made a wise decision; but you know Doella, if I don’t agree, I won’t get a moment’s peace, and then she’ll do it anyway.’ He held her close for a moment and kissed her before leaving the room, taking the tray with him.
‘How will we do this, Sark?’ Doella was impatient for the experience.
I’ll ask for horses while you change into a garment for riding,’ said Sark.
‘Nothing suitable in the chest, but I saw a thicker outfit in there, for colder weather.’

Sark returned. ‘Are you ready? They’ve given us mounts and an escort. I must find a large, flat area for the demonstration. A pair of dragons popping up in the parade ground won’t do our reputations much good.’
He grabbed their packs, made them visible, and took out two heavy silver bracelets engraved with Hyclos symbols. Sark put one on and gave the other to Doella.
‘We’ll need these amplifiers to supply us with extra energy,’ he explained. ‘The space between the molecules will expand to take our alternative forms.’
‘And the power in these bracelets fill in the gaps,’ concluded Doella.
‘Yes.’
‘I understand how it works, but I don’t know how to start the transformation.’
‘I’ll show you. Use the crystal with your bracelet. It shouldn’t be too difficult.’
‘Just invasive?’
‘I have to show you the pattern, and the quickest way is to plant it into your mind. To perfect the process on your own could take years.’
‘Is that what you did?’
Sark didn’t reply. She walked over to him and stood on her tiptoes to kiss his cheek.
They instructed the troop of soldiers to move away and await their return, leaving their mounts with the men, and climbed the hill into the valley. It excited Doella at the thought of her first other species shape-change. Back on her Earth, she’d used her powers to transform her physical appearance to fit in with the many cultures she studied, but this was different. To expose her deep thoughts to Sark was a small payment for such an experience since he knew so much already. She thought it might resemble a Varan marriage, but with an alien.

‘First, I’ll teach you how to shift into shape,’ said Sark when they reached the valley floor. ‘Then over the next few days, I will show you how to fly.’
‘And how to breathe fire?’ Considering she gave up her inner privacy to do this, she didn’t experience any qualm.

They removed their clothes and stood facing each other. Sark said he must lift her, as he’d need a crystal-to-crystal exchange to start the transfer. As he did so, a bolt of energy shot from his crystal into hers. He replaced Doella on the ground, held her hands, and asked her to allow her psyche to go blank, which she did. His mind entered hers, and she could read his deep thoughts and memories, as he could hers. Sark pushed further into her inner sanctum and imprinted the instructions for the change within her intellect. Doella processed the information.

Afterwards, they looked at each other, still holding hands.
‘You wanted me from the start, but when you realised I had a husband…’ Doella intoned.
‘Yes, I’m sorry, I realised it was wrong, but it’s so long since I’d spoken to anyone who might know why my people deserted me. I asked myself why two married Varan travelled together and discovered your marriage was not a legal one. If only he’d been a friend, I knew I could have you. Your thoughts said if a man interested you enough, you took him to bed, so why not me? I understood your race - how unmarried Varan had many lovers before they married. But when I gave you the crystal, and you lay naked, I desired you. I heard Carnos mind-calling you. It was only faint, but it brought me to my senses. I regained control, accepting the fact you’d never want me once Carnos returned.’
‘I didn’t think sex played such an important role in your lives as it does in ours.’
‘Doella, now you know how I deceived you, do you still want me?’
‘Carnos can’t hear us, can he?’ she asked, anxious.
‘You don’t intend to leave Carnos, do you?’ She shook her head and looked away.
Sark became the teacher once more. ‘Do you wish to return to the city and try the change tomorrow?’
‘No, Sark, I’m fine, but I need more time to recover before I try.’
‘It’s past midday now; we should come back tomorrow.’
‘No, I'll be fine.’ She stood. ‘I’m ready, let’s do this.’
‘Just for a few moments, and then you’ll need to rest.’

They stood well apart, and Sark guided her through the transformation. The change was instantaneous, which took Doella by surprise. She felt her body stretch, but the power from the extra bracelet soon compensated. She saw a huge bronze dragon lying beside her. Her mind showed her the world through a dragon’s eyes - a whirl of different colours and shapes; she glimpsed a gold-scaled and clawed foot. She laughed, but instead of sound, a burst of fire issued from her nostrils and flamed upwards.
‘That’s ample, Doella, change back,’ she heard Sark say in her mind.
Sark guided her back and restored her to her normal form.
‘I’m not tired,’ she lied. ‘I could have stayed longer.’
‘You’ve had enough new experiences for one day.’
‘Sark, have you ever wondered why the density of our bodies is so similar? I noticed it when we shape-changed. And that’s the reason we can use each other’s technology, isn’t it? Our humans have one-tenth of our mass, and the Levians have a quarter. Different races rarely have the same atomic structure.’
‘I agree with you, Doella. Strange we are so alike; but at least, as you say, we can apply each other’s technology.’ Neither of them admitted what they were thinking - only related kin shared the same body density.

Chapter 14
Doella recovered by the time they returned to their apartments. Carnos waited for them.
‘I’m glad you’re back; I must leave soon. Did it go well?’
Doella kissed him. ‘Yes, it was amazing; you should try it. I still feel strange after the experience. I need to sleep for a while to recover my equilibrium.’ She moved into the bedroom and closed the door.
Carnos and Sark looked at each other.
‘It’s wrong, Sark, but I’m jealous of you and Doella having mental intimacy,’ Carnos said. Sark remained silent as Carnos continued, ‘It’s foolish; but today, although there was nothing specific, I sensed how close your minds are. There’s no physical element involved, but it’s as if we are sharing her.’
Sark registered no surprise at Carnos’ comments.

Carnos apologised for his emotional outburst and left to join his friends in the barracks for their evening meal.
Doella and Sark ate alone in their apartment. Doella sensed Carnos fall asleep.
‘He’s gone to sleep later than usual tonight, Doella. I think he suspects we may be close.’
‘Yes, I heard your conversation and I’m concerned too. Sark, I don’t want anyone to get hurt.’
They didn’t touch each other that night but lay awake for a long time, trying to conceal their private thoughts. They were both unsure where this relationship was going, but they were reluctant to give up their intimacy.

Next morning Carnos recovered his usual good humour, and after breakfast, Sark left husband and wife alone. He wandered the palace and the gardens. People hurried past without looking at him or moved in different directions when they saw him coming. Sark found this amusing.
He sat in the garden, trying not to think of Doella and Carnos. He wished he could break away from Doella before he discovered their relationship. But he understood they were meant to be together, even if it was only for a short while. In melding their personalities he’d found a unique compatibility and closeness, and he wanted it to last as long as possible. One day they’d part, and he understood she’d go with Carnos. She loved him; he sensed the emotions she had. Varan settle after youth and have children, but he couldn’t imagine Doella content with such a life. She loved exploring new ideas and experiencing different cultures, and - he admitted it - having new men in her life. Her proposed future wouldn’t suit her restless personality.

He returned to their rooms. Doella and Carnos waited for him to join them for breakfast so they could share a meal, following the Varan custom.
‘It was kind of you to wait for me,’ he said.
‘I tried to mind-speak you, but you didn’t answer,’ said Doella. ‘You must have been in another world.’
He smiled at her in apology.
Carnos amused them with descriptions of barrack life when Trasnos’ Secretary knocked at the door. He was shocked at the familiarity between them, and his frown registered disapproval at the sight of a servant joining his betters for a meal. Carnos ignored him.
‘The king has invited you to a private dinner this evening. He hopes you will attend.’
They nodded their agreement, and he left, aiming another glare at Carnos. The friends continued their laughter at his expense.
Doella dressed for their dinner with Trasnos. Sark told her she looked lovely but changed his compliment by adding, ‘Please don’t flirt too much with the king. He’s a powerful man, and the only one not afraid of us. If you go too far, and he doesn’t get what he wants, he could turn and force us to leave.’
She took his rebuke in good humour. ‘Well Sark, as my “husband” you must keep on eye on me to make sure I don’t stray.’
‘That isn’t funny.’

She spent a few moments mind-speaking Carnos before leaving for the feast. He observed her emotions, and knowing Doella’s high spirits, echoed what Sark said to her.
They were escorted to the king’s apartments, which lay in another wing of the palace. Trasnos stood up to greet them and took Doella’s hand in his, and then he led them to a group of chairs and poured glasses of wine.
‘I’m sorry I didn’t see you yesterday, but I needed time to deliberate what I should say to you,’ he said as he sat.
‘We understand,’ Sark replied.
‘I realise you are powerful, and your gossiping servant has told you we are facing war with a forceful enemy. First, I need to know whether you will help us in our fight, or if you are on his side.’ It was a rehearsed speech; his former urbanity vanished.
Doella remained silent, allowing Sark to speak for both of them. She considered they might choose not to aid these people; her race advocated leaving the child races alone once the initial guidance ceased. It surprised her when Sark announced his answer without discussing it with her.
‘We have been considering this your majesty, and after much discussion…’
NO discussion, said Doella in his mind.
‘We will help you.’

Trasnos looked relieved. He sat back in his chair, smiling, and then he declared dinner was served in the adjoining room. Taking Doella’s arm, he led them into a small but beautiful chamber. Precious mirrors of dark silver covered the surfaces, which captured the light from the many candles on the table, the sideboards, and the narrow tables against the walls.
‘How lovely,’ said Doella with delight.
‘Not as lovely as you, Doella,’ he said. His hand brushed against her breast as he helped her to sit. Doella’s nipples reacted to his touch. Sark gave him a stare to warn him against intimacy with her. Trasnos registered his intent, nodded, and gave an apologetic smile.
He is not sincere, said, Sark. He wants you.

Doella enjoyed the subtle interplay, but she heard the warning in Sark’s voice and curbed her flirtatious manner. They passed the meal in a calm conversation. But when the servants left, Trasnos spoke again of the war and asked if the Wizards could help them. Sark told him they had ways of terrifying the enemy troops.
Yes, two dragons, said Doella with a mental laugh, but her face was immobile and did not show her thoughts.
Sark did not explain further, and Trasnos told them the enemy forces were less than two weeks away. Most of the city’s inhabitants left, and those who remained were busy strengthening the fortifications and improving their weapon skills.
‘Is there anything you need, or we can help you with?’ asked Trasnos, trying to get an answer out of them.
‘Yes, we must go to the hills, as we did yesterday, to practise our magic,’ said Sark.
‘The word “magic” shook Trasnos from his usual calm and frightened him. He regained his composure and assured them whatever they wanted would be provided. Sark stressed they did not need soldiers to go with them.

Trasnos stared at Doella. His eyes told her how much he craved her. Then she realised he hoped for more and moved away, but it was too late. What was she doing, her flirtation with Trasnos mustn’t go further, and she shot a guilty glance at Sark to see if he was aware of what was happening?
Doella said she was fatigued as an excuse to return to their apartments. Trasnos ordered an attendant for her, and then he took Doella’s hand and kissed it. Sark gave him another dark look. Trasnos let go of her hand.

He wished them a good night.
She mind-spoke to Sark. Well, I didn’t flirt with him, she lied. She turned and made a comical frown, trying to appear offended, but it only made him smile.
‘Aren’t two men enough for you, Doella?’
They reached the door and she was spared a reply.
That night they held each other close until Carnos was asleep. Then Doella said, ‘There’s no need for us to wait for him to sleep. We can combine our powers and prevent him from knowing what we’re doing.’ Sark did not reply but pulled her closer, so Doella continued. ‘You knew Sark, but never told me. You just let me work it out for myself.’
He remained silent, but then he held her face in his hands, looked into her eyes and kissed her. ‘You make me as deceitful as you,’ he said.
‘I thought I understood what kind of man you are, Sark, you’ve kept much from me, haven’t you? Stealing my thoughts during our encounters isn’t a fair exchange. You are nothing as I first imagined. You are very devious.’ She paused for a moment; he knew what she was going to say. ‘Let’s make love using our powers.’
He laughed. ‘What if we burn the palace down?’
‘We won’t; what a ridiculous idea. Sark, I want to join with you the same way I do with Carnos.’
Sark was nervous. Apart from the risk of her discovering more about him, he didn’t know what energy they might consume or create; but didn’t refuse her.
Sark touched her with his hands and tongue, and as she became responsive, he pushed into her. He did the same with his mind, which was more natural to them than mere physical love. Their passion redoubled, and the surges of pleasure were greater than usual. When their lovemaking ended, they felt exhausted and fell asleep in each other’s arms.
Doella woke in the night and resolved she’d find Trasnos, and if he was alone, seduce him. She giggled aloud at the prospect. Then Sark stirred beside her, and she thought better of it. Instead, her mind flicked through various scenarios of imagined seduction until forced to fight her compulsion for Trasnos. She remembered she was wed to one man, and the lover of another, which was wrong. What was the matter with her? She had enough men to satisfy her. Sighing with frustration at her increasing moral weakness, she blamed it on her predicament. She never imagined being on the run, and marriage was years away. She was far too young, and not ready to give up her vocation as an anthropologist. No - it was more. Perhaps it was because she didn’t feel married. It was too late for regrets now. She agreed because Carnos’ arguments in favour appeared valid. She needed sleep to calm her mind, and she climbed back in bed. They woke late the next morning.

‘Carnos!’ cried Doella, jumping out of bed. The chamber door was closed, and she’d left it ajar. Doella opened it. Carnos sat in a chair, facing the bedroom door. He stood.
‘Doella, we are married and that means…’ he found it hard to get the words out, ‘we belong only to each other.’ Sark dressed and stayed behind the still naked Doella. ‘I knew you were fucking my wife,’ Carnos pointed at Sark. He advanced. Doella stood frozen, unable to move or speak. Carnos raised his bracelet and in his anger released a burst of power at them. Sark moved Doella out of the way and drew the bolt of energy towards his crystal. It bounced off and deflected to Carnos. He uttered a hoarse cry and fell backwards onto the floor.
Doella ran to him. ‘Carnos!’ she screamed, ‘Carnos! Sark, please help!’

Sark picked him up, carried him into the bedroom, and put him on the bed. He watched as Doella helped him recover from the effects of the energy bolt. He regained consciousness as healing probes into his mind calmed him. But the look he gave her as he opened his eyes made her move next to Sark. Carnos was still groggy, and he slid off the bed as he tried to move. Doella went to help him, but Sark held her back.
‘No, Doella, he’s recovering on his own.’
Carnos regained strength to stand unaided and without another word, he staggered past the horrified lovers. Doella wanted to run after him, but Sark gripped her. ‘Let him recover on his own. Let his anger dissipate,’ he said aloud. He helped her to a nearby chair. Doella sat back with her eyes closed. Sark looked at her and broke the silence.
‘You knew Carnos would find out,’ his voice had an angry edge, but in reality, he blamed himself as much as her. She remained silent but felt him gain control over his temper.
He then said in a gentler tone, ‘Doella, this outcome was inevitable. Carnos is no fool, and he knows you well. We both know we should have avoided a physical relationship. I should never have accepted that drink from you.’
‘So now you regret us?’
‘No - yes. I didn’t want to hurt anyone… but the fragrance of your body… and I was so lonely. I should have said no because we both knew it couldn’t last, and afterwards, I understood I’d be lonelier than ever. I love you, and I’ve loved no one before. It’s not encouraged where I come from.’
‘It wasn’t your fault, Sark, I insisted,’ said Doella reaching for his hand. ‘I don’t regret our love, but I love Carnos too. I can’t explain why I felt such a compulsion to make love to you, but now I care for you.’
‘Doella, you are making excuses. I’m interesting because I am alien, just as Trasnos is.’ His voice hardened. ‘You say you love Carnos, but you are not ready for a Varan marriage, and I doubt you ever will be.’

He went to the bedroom and brought out a dressing gown. Then rang the bell and asked the guard for servants to fill the bath. Once this task was done, Sark led Doella to the bathroom and helped her as if she were a child.
‘Stay here and try to relax. I need a walk,’ he said.
Doella heard him open the cupboard where they stored their packs, and the door of the apartment close. Now she was unsure of her relationships with both men. Divorce on Varan was unheard of; sometimes couples went their own way after having families, but it rarely happened. Talented people who returned to previous vocations kept their partner. She and Carnos weren’t married by Varan standards. She loved Carnos and didn’t want to lose him. If she was honest, she didn’t wish to lose either.
‘I cannot break away from what I am. But who am I? Part of me wants to reject my Varan identity.’ Hearing her thoughts aloud made it real. She tried to forget she’d return home to marriage, children and boredom. Sark knew it wasn’t what she craved, and she admitted it to herself. She must tell Carnos. She needed to stay with him, but she didn’t want her peoples’ forgiveness, or to live there. But their continued freedom couldn’t last; it was impossible. They’d be found and taken for reconditioning. And where did Sark fit in this? He was alone; his people vanished without a trace. She almost wished she could change places with him.

Chapter 15
Sark found a servant to take him to the barracks. Carnos was there alone; he should have been at weapons practice. Sark sat on the next bed. He waited until Carnos opened his eyes.
‘We have to clear this up,’ said Sark.
‘It is cleared. I hope you enjoy my wife as much as I did.’ His anger was bitter but controlled.
‘Carnos.’ Sark held out his hand and opened it; inside was a white crystal.
He swung his legs off the bed. ‘You could have included me, but you desired Doella from the start, didn’t you?’
‘I was lonely,’ admitted Sark. ‘When I recognised your signatures, I picked Doella instead of you; that was not wise. I only wanted a mental relationship, not a bodily one. We Hyclos are not as interested in personal relationships as you Varan.’
‘That’s why I trusted you.’
‘Let me finish what I have to say. It is not just she’s beautiful. When I joined minds with her, her joy and spontaneity intrigued me. I’d experienced nothing like it. I never planned to take her from you, but when she touched me, I couldn’t resist touching her too.’
Carnos interrupted. ‘I could murder you for this, Sark.’ He gave a short, bitter laugh. ‘But what would it achieve? They program us to behave as well mannered beings. It’s not civilised to kill a man because he wants your wife, but I was angry enough to harm you both for hurting me. I have loved no one the way I love Doella. She’s part of me and I’m lost without her. I believed your people were falling into decline because of a lack of sexual desire - or is it just conditioning your race has adopted. I see no reluctance to indulge in physical pleasure as far as you are concerned.’
‘Carnos, she loves you, not me. I am interesting because I’m an alien; because I am different. When this is over, she’ll go with you, not with me. I’ll be the one thinking about her and unable to enjoy her love. You will forgive her. Keep her close beside you until I am just an ancient, forgotten memory.’ Sark said this in an emotionless, resigned voice.
Carnos found he couldn’t dislike his rival. ‘I’ll take the crystal so you can’t have her without my knowledge.’
Sark stood. ‘I’ll come back later. I’ve arranged transport to a quiet place where we’ll not be disturbed.’
Doella was still in the bath when Sark returned. Her eyes were closed, but she opened them when Sark kissed her forehead. ‘Sark, I love both of you.’
‘I’m giving Carnos a crystal.’
‘Yes, I eavesdropped on your conversation. It might be dangerous. You know how angry he is - it might harm you both. Let me come with you.’
‘No, but you can listen. I agree we may need help; it will not be easy in Carnos’ present state of mind.’
Carnos and Sark didn’t talk during the ride to the hills. They asked to go alone without an escort. When they reached the valley where Sark and Doella shape-shifted, Carnos lay on the ground, he opened his tunic and closed his eyes. He knew Sark wouldn’t hurt him.
‘Doella was unconscious when I implanted her crystal. That’s the easiest way under the circumstances,’ Sark suggested.
‘I can cope with it.’
‘Yes, but it’s possible we might both lose consciousness. Although you want the power, you aren’t receptive to the gift, because I am the one giving it to you.’
‘Get on with it, Sark, the sooner it’s done the better, at least then I’ll join you in the palace, and you won’t be alone with Doella.’
‘If that’s the sole reason you wish this, then you are a fool.’
‘It’s not the only reason.’

Sark placed the crystal on Carnos’ chest, knelt beside him, and placed one hand on his forehead and the other on the geode. He concentrated, and Carnos felt an enormous surge of energy that brought such intense pain he blacked out.
Doella found Sark slumped over Carnos. She had a moment’s panic. After probing their minds, she realised all was well. Using her enhancements, she lifted Sark off Carnos’ body. She knelt between them and placed her hands on their foreheads. Sark was the first to recover. He placed his large hand over Doella’s small one and helped restore Carnos to consciousness. He was more traumatised than he should have been, took a long time to wake up, and then he couldn’t stand. They supported him to the horses, and Sark lifted him into the saddle. There was still no communication between them as they rode back to the city.
Sark called for the Secretary who saw the much-improved Carnos had a crystal. Sark explained Carnos was a wizard-in-training and having received his mark, he’d join them in the palace.
They moved the trio to an even more imposing set of rooms, with two bedrooms adjoining a large reception area. The Secretary worried at another Wizard in the dwelling, and he rushed to tell Trasnos the news. They were invited to join the King at his evening meal.

Trasnos tried not to show his surprise at Carnos’ elevation. Carnos couldn’t claim Doella as his wife in public. Every time Sark adopted that role or touched her arm to walk with her, he felt a stab of jealousy.
‘It’s not possible to alter this now,’ he heard Sark say more than once.

After merging with the Hyclos, Carnos knew Sark was honest about his emotions for Doella, but he hurt from what he perceived as Doella’s treachery. He sensed the depth of the sentiments she and Sark had. He knew Doella loved him, and Sark meant him no harm, but the damage was real. It soured his once-happy relationship with Doella. Trasnos asked them why Carnos’ true status hadn’t been revealed.
Doella explained. ‘We weren’t given the opportunity. Your servants separated us as soon as we arrived here.’
Trasnos apologised for his attendants’ short-sightedness, explaining they were superstitious, and Wizards frightened them. The meal was strained. At first, Doella did not flirt with the monarch for fear of upsetting the other two, and Trasnos was offended by this.
Doella, Sark mind-spoke her. A little charm might help to smooth things.
Perhaps it would, but I’ve had enough of men at the moment. She replied in the same mode, glancing at Carnos’ grim face.
Then she smiled at the King to reassure him.

To Carnos’ relief, the meal was soon over; he was in no mood for idle chatter. Sark stayed with Trasnos to discuss the city’s fortifications and its readiness for an attack. Carnos escorted Doella to their apartment, but both were uncertain of what their next move should be when they were alone. Carnos stood beside the door, his arms folded, and his face grim.
As usual, Doella broke the silence. ‘You know I don’t want to go back to Varan and settle. I couldn’t stand that suffocating life of good manners and social calls.’
‘Doella, may I remind you, we may never set foot on Varan again. If they catch us, we could be exiled to the furthest colony and never return to Varan or any civilised world. I know you seduced Sark, though he was willing. I appreciate you have deep feelings for each other - yet you still love me.’
Doella moved towards him but stopped when he held up his hand. ‘We three are bound together. Sark may never rejoin his people and the same for us. Instead, he’s become part of us - especially you, Doella. I don’t see how to cope with this.’ He turned away from her, walked into the nearest bedroom, and closed the door.

Doella sat on the floor. She folded her arms on a chair seat and rested her head on them. Not for the first time in her long life, she felt confused, as if she were on a journey but lost all sense of direction.
Sark found her there when he returned. It surprised him to see her alone. She didn’t move when he came in and knelt beside her.
‘Doella?’ he whispered.
She looked at him. ‘Take me to bed, Sark,’ she said, ‘Carnos didn’t want me.’
He didn’t reply but stared at the closed bedroom door. Sark was unsure whether it was wise. He almost said, ‘The King is desperate for you, you can always go to him.’ But did not.
Doella heard his thoughts. ‘Don’t you need me either?’ she asked.
They made love, and afterwards, they held each other close, lying awake until dawn came. Sark got up late and left Doella to sleep. When she woke up and found him gone, she felt a slight panic at having to meet Carnos without Sark’s support. She dressed, and taking a deep breath, opened the door and stepped into the reception area.
It was empty. The other bedroom door was ajar, and breakfast lay half-eaten on the table. The tea was lukewarm; Doella drank juice and ate the fruit. Afterwards, she sat by the window, marking time until they returned. They seemed in good spirits and conversing as they entered the room. Carnos fell silent when he saw Doella and refused to speak to her, but Sark asked her how she was. She replied in the affirmative, grateful for his presence, which warmed the chill of Carnos’ bitter looks.
‘We’ve been to see Trasnos,’ said Sark, answering the questioning lift of Doella’s eyebrows. ‘Carnos and I are taking a bubble over the enemy’s camp to reconnoitre and find out how far this influence extends.’
‘I’m coming with you, as I’m the field anthropologist I know more about wars and battle than you do - you’ve witnessed nothing like this first hand.’
The men looked at each other; Sark spoke, ‘Doella, it might be dangerous. We’d prefer you to stay here. The King is also keen to keep you safe.’
‘I expect he is eager to keep me safe. How can I be in any danger in a bubble?’ answered Doella in a quiet voice.
They knew this soft tone meant trouble. Carnos looked at them, and retreated to his bedroom, hoping Sark might pacify her. Doella glared after him. Sark placed his hands on her shoulders.

She shrugged him away. ‘Sark, the real reason you don’t want me to come, is because of the hostility that has sprung up between us. You both know I should be there. Besides, can you risk leaving me here with Trasnos?’ Sark grew angry.

Doella moved to Carnos’ door. She didn’t knock but flung it open and then slammed it shut behind her. ‘Carnos!’ she yelled. Her husband lay on the bed with his eyes closed, and he didn’t stir as she stood there waiting for his reaction. ‘Carnos,’ she whispered now.
He opened his eyes and looked at her. There was pain in his look, and she said his name again. She sat on the bed and reached for his hand. He did not pull away but kept looking at her. When he didn’t move, she leaned over to kiss his lips and then flung her arms around his neck. Carnos hugged her, and they held each other tight. They spoke no words; even their minds remained silent. Doella left the room, closing the door behind her.
Sark prepared what they’d need in the other bedroom. Doella was the last to get ready, and when she returned to Sark, she found Carnos with him.
‘When do we leave?’ she asked.
‘We’re waiting for you,’ Carnos said. He sounded tired now. His anger gone, but still unhappy, and he avoided looking at her.
They rode into the hills, and Sark told the escort to take the horses back to the city. As soon as the men were gone, they formed a bubble and headed off in the direction where the army camped.
The land was dry, and the farms and villages deserted as the populace moved south to avoid the advancing troops. It took them less time than they expected to reach the outskirts of the vast army spread over the range of several small hills.
They identified many distinct groups of men in the camp. Some were small, lean and filthy, their weapons only wooden clubs. Others formed well-organised, drilled battalions, armed with swords and knives. Many ragged women and grubby, naked children followed the army. Luckier families sat huddled together under makeshift tents, while the less fortunate had no refuge from the sun or the frosty night air. It was a depressing sight. They sensed the army’s urgency to move on and find food and shelter before freezing weather arrived.
‘How long before the winter comes, Sark?’ asked the compassionate Doella.
‘It’ll grow colder over the next two months, followed by deep snow for several weeks. No one leaves their home - they hibernate. These people have to capture Bayoth soon, or return from where they came. Either way, most of them will die.’
‘I’m sorry for them,’ Doella was unsure how they could help them. In the middle of the army was a small enclave of black tents. ‘Let’s split up,’ Doella suggested. ‘Each of us could take a bubble, move among them, and try to discover what their plans are.’ The men were reluctant to let her go off on her own. ‘I’ll take the big tent, it looks interesting,’ she said.
Sark and Carnos nearly objected, but the determined look on Doella’s face changed their minds.
‘Very well, we’ll meet over there,’ said Sark, pointing to a lone hill.
‘Not until the early morning, though,’ Doella replied. ‘You can get information out of people when they are relaxed. You find out more at night. Even if the foot soldiers are sleeping, their generals will be at strategy meetings.’

Carnos could not help himself. ‘Are you speaking from experience, Doella?’
She ignored him. They split up and headed in different directions. Doella made for the largest black tent. She peered into smaller ones on the way, but they were empty sleeping quarters. Larger ones where the Generals ate or relaxed. Outdoor kitchens were in regular places, but these were for the officers. Unappetising soup boiled in huge pots.
No wonder they want the city, with the food stored there for the winter, Doella thought.

She was near the largest tent when an energy signature coming from within put her on her guard. It was easy for her to glide in through the large opening and look.
Inside, rich red and black curtains and tapestries sectioned off parts of the marque. It shocked Doella to see the embroidered fabrics echoed the Bosch paintings of her Earth, but these showed even more unpleasant and explicit scenes. An elaborate throne of black marble was set before a length of woven carpet. Despite the energy signature, the pavilion appeared to be empty, so she decided to find the tent where the generals discussed tactics, and moved to leave. Sensing someone behind, she turned back.
A man stood there. He was as big as Sark. That neither her mind nor her instruments registered his presence puzzled her. His skin colour was as Sarks, without patterning. His eyes were a startling blue, and even in the gloomy light, his hair appeared pale. He wore a crystal, but she was uncertain if it was real or not. Doella was sure he could see her, but how was that possible? He pointed an instrument - the same scanner Sark used when he abducted her and arrived on his island. He fired an energy flash at her and her bubble collapsed. As she fell to the ground and lost consciousness, her last thought was, Not again… Hyclos technology is very good…

Chapter 16
Doella woke up in a stone-walled chamber. A fire burned in a large fireplace, but the room was still bitterly cold. She lay on a couch covered with fur rugs and woven cushions. She tried to get up but she couldn’t; her wrists and ankles shackled with thick crystalline bracelets, and her physical weakness told her they were negating the power of her crystal and bracelet. The shackles were connected by silver-coloured chains, which made it difficult for her to move freely. Someone stood in the gloom at the far end of the room. It was the Hyclos who stunned her. He strode forward, his bright blue eyes blazing with anger… or was it madness? Both emotions were visible on his thin, fine-boned face.
‘I’m not Hyclos,’ he replied.
She registered the bitter way he admitted this. ‘No, you are a hybrid,’ she said.
‘Yes, Varan, I’m a hybrid; a despised abomination.’ Doella sensed the mania in his words and his powerful emotions. ‘But now I have a Varan woman, who will live as long as I.’

To have children with their genetically manipulated races was unheard of in Varan society - even more so with the ultra-conservative Hyclos. When the Varan combined their genetic material with the early ape hominid species from the first Earth, they did it by science; but the stigma of the act lived on countless generations later. Doella might amuse herself with humans, but she’d never breed with them. He discerned her thoughts, and grabbing the tethers that held her wrists together, pulled her to her feet. Still feeling the effects of the stunner, and entangled in the chains between her ankles, she fell to the carpeted floor. He didn’t help her.
‘Please take off the shackles,’ she said. ‘I can’t escape wearing these inhibitors.’
He laughed. ‘I’ll remove the ones on your ankles; I’ll need you to open your legs for me.’
Doella sensed a circle turning. She knew many women had no control over this part of their lives - and she was used to being in authority. The anthropologist in her considered she now learned what she’d no wish to. It added to her development, although she’d prefer to stay ignorant of this subject. The hybrid knew her thoughts, and she derived his amusement. He bent to get rid of the ankle chains, staring at her as his face almost touched hers. Then he dragged her to her feet, flung her on the couch, and looked at her lying sprawled in an awkward position on the cushions. She clawed back the tattered remnants of the dress he’d attempted to get rid of while she slept. But he drew it away with a triumphant smirk, as an animal playing with its prey, and tore it further before throwing it with a snarl. With a swift sinuous movement, he drew a small chair to the settee.

She could not contact her friends and a long way from the army camp where she was kidnapped. They’d find it hard to locate her without a workable enhancer.
‘You can call me Parsos,’ he said. ‘And you are?’
When she did not reply, he entered her mind again. Without the added power of her enhancers, she couldn’t stop him. He read her surface memories. She tried to resist, nearly shutting him out, but not before he’d invaded parts of her mind she’d had no time to protect.
He looked at her and said, ‘An ideal woman for a king, a perfect queen; and from the data, I have of your race, a typical Varan. This will make our relationship much more interesting.’ He stood still for a moment as if sensing something and then left the room.
‘Don’t go away. I’ll be back soon.’
The weakness and humiliation frustrated Doella. As a powerful Varan, she was used to being in control of her anthropological expeditions, and now she was helpless. She struggled up from the couch and got to her feet, using a chair for support. Summoning her strength, she tried to walk to the door. She staggered a few yards and then a bolt of energy hit her. She saw the blue crackle of a force field and fell to the floor again.
Parsos was in control of Hyclos technology and she was helpless. She lay still, wishing not for the first time in her long life she could cry human tears to release her frustration. When it grew colder, she crawled to the fire to get warm. At this rate, I will join Parsos in his madness, she thought. I must pull myself together. Conserving her energies would speed her recovery; she made herself as comfortable as she could in front of the fire and settled there in a semi-stupor. She didn’t hear Parsos return.

He pulled her into a sitting position, leaned her up against his shoulder and gave her strong wine to drink despite her ask for water. He placed the heavy metal goblet on the floor. Doella was half reclined on his lap and against his chest.
He caressed her breasts and then ran his hand between her legs. Doella tried to stop him, but it was as if she were in a dream and couldn’t move. The strong wine made her disoriented, and she was weak from the constraints. He shifted position. Her protests came as if from somewhere else. ‘No,’ Doella heard her far-away voice protesting. She saw the confusion on his face for a moment, as if the sound helped him resist his madness.

When she tried to push him off, he rolled onto his side and smiled at her in such a way she longed to rake her fingernails across his handsome, insane visage. Then his face contorted as if with pain, and he shook his head as if dismissing other voices in his mind. She screamed out for Carnos. Parsos’ response was angry as he leaned over and bit her breast so hard she wailed. He threw a warm blanket over her and then forced her to drink more wine. Deep inside her psyche, she wept with frustration and horror, although no tears came. She fell asleep again.

She slept for hours, her dreams full of terror, and she moaned. Parsos sat unsleeping on a couch, watching her. He’d hoped she might give him back a life, but he’d added to his pain by trapping her. Without the love, she’d never show, there was nothing here for him, and he hated her for withholding it. Paradoxically his hatred made him crave her even more. As his hate and want became unbearable, instead of taking her as intended, he left the chamber.

She awoke in the weak dawn light. The windows were high on the wall on one side of the room, and they admitted the dingy yellowish sun. Doella sat up and pulled the rug around her. Her captivity abused and humiliated her, and she tried to far-speak Carnos or Sark, but she registered nothing. The fire was out, and she shivered. She huddled further into the blanket, but it didn’t help much. She considered shouting for help, but thought better of it, for she did not know what her cries would bring. Time seemed to stretch, as she lay there, cold and uncomfortable.
Parsos and an elderly Levian woman came to her aid. He picked her up in the blanket, and carried her along a dark, drafty corridor to a room lit by a bright fire and laid her down beside its warmth. He left without speaking.
The woman helped Doella to her feet, and she walked into a rudimentary bathroom. The servant’s touch was strong but gentle as she washed Doella and then placed her in a warmed bed. She helped her to drink hot, bitter tea and tried to feed her small, soft cakes as if she were a sick child. Warm and comfortable, Doella fell asleep again.

It was night when she woke. The woman was in the room, brewing tea by the fire, humming. When she heard Doella stir, she came to the bed and smiled at her. Doella was stronger, and drank the proffered tea and ate more of the cakes.
Again, the woman helped Doella to wash and combed her long golden hair.
‘It’s almost the same colour as the masters,’ she commented. Doella’s reaction to Parsos’ startled her. Doella shook, and the maid tried to comfort her. She sat Doella, covered in a thin rough towel, in a padded chair before the fire, and left the room. Parsos came in soon after and pulled up a chair. He pulled the towel open, smiling at her as he did so. His smile filled her with terror again. She missed her enhancers, and then she’d fight back. She didn’t remember him removing the wrist chains.

‘I hope my Doella has slept.’ His claim of her filled her with remorse for losing her husband and lover who were so far away. She knew from the cold she was a long way from the black tents. ‘Forget them,’ he said, ‘You will be my queen. Everyone will envy me, having your body to do with as I wish. I’m going to conquer this world, and you will be there beside me. You will bear my children.’ Doella looked at him as if to say, that isn’t possible, and he laughed at her.
‘I’m not as ignorant as you think, Doella. Beneath this fortress lie my laboratories, filled with equipment. There I have access to information as sophisticated as anything the Varan have.’ His eyes narrowed. ‘Last night, after our first charming encounter, I researched Varan physiology. The Varan and the Hyclos are genetically compatible, and despite cosmetic differences, we can have children together. I see your surprise, my dear one. You insular Varan never researched that information, did you?’ Parsos heard the comment she made silently, he came to her chair and grabbed her arms. He towered above her. ‘You think you’re much better than a mere hybrid, don’t you? Well, in this world, you are a whore. Your Varan customs mean nothing here. This was a Hyclos world,’ his voice cracked, and he pulled away and paced the floor. ‘Do you know how many men you have bedded? I doubt it.’ He leaned over her again, his face close to hers. She tried to look away, but he grabbed her chin and kissed her until Doella struggled free.

Doella sensed his desire was rising, almost against his will. He pulled her out of the chair and onto the bed. He was strong, and without her power amplifiers, Doella was no match for him. She wanted to scream, but no sound emerged.
‘Carnos!’ she called silently. ‘Sark, help me please.’ She saw Sark’s gentle face in her mind and longed for his powerful arms around her instead of this mad hybrid. She tried to dismiss Sarks and recall Carnos’ face but her mind went back to Sark. The hybrid registered her calls and again he seemed unsure how to react. He raised his hand to strike her, and she glimpsed the struggle inside the tortured creature’s mind. He gave a high keening cry of pain and ran from the room.
Doella crawled onto the bed. She realised someone made her comfortable, and then she fell into a deep, unnatural sleep.

Next morning, the elderly servant was there again. With a smile, she repeated her gentle ministrations and coaxed Doella to eat and drink. She didn’t speak, and Doella thanked her for taking care of her. This time she brought Doella a long fur coat to wear over a thin shift. Grateful Doella snuggled into it, as the newly made fire hadn’t yet warmed up the room. She was more in control now; the madness of yesterday retreated, but still helpless against Parsos’ strange desires.  There was no compassion but hate. The physical desire for her he struggled to overcome. The different parts of his mind seemed in conflict. She was almost sorry for him.

By the time Parsos came for her, the cold sun was up, and the old woman left them alone. He brought short fur boots for her to wear, and he put them on her himself. Afterwards, he ran his hands up her legs until Doella stopped him. He helped her to her feet and laughed as his want turn to hate again.
‘Whore; beautiful, sensuous Varan whore,’ he said. He led her by the hand out of the room and down long, ill-lit corridors until they reached an incongruous Hyclos lift, which ferried them to the top of a tall tower. Winter came early to this land, and the weak yellow sun shone over a white and frozen landscape. Doella pulled the coat closed against the cold. Parsos dragged her back to the lift, and this time they descended to the remains of the Hyclos base.

Chapter 17
Sark and Carnos sensed Doella disappear and hurried to the black tent. There was no sign of the cause of her disappearance, and they blamed themselves for leaving her alone.
Carnos examined his devices. ‘There is something Hyclos here; my instruments are registering it.’
‘I sense it too,’ agreed Sark, ‘but not fully Hyclos. Where is Doella? I believe she is still on-world, but I can’t get a grasp of her location.’
Carnos felt despair.
Sark said, ‘We’ll find her; it’s only a matter of time.’
‘Then Sark, we must start at once.’
The Karish arrived at the Varos base. Their leader, Core, was a strange, silent man of middle-age, late to be serving off Varan prime. He was unhappy at having to take Takos and Simune along, but he agreed to obey the elders.  They comprised twelve members. Two remained at the base, while the rest searched for the runaways. Most of them were of a similar age to Core. They hadn’t settled with a wife and family, and many of them never would. The group contained no women.
To Simune’s frustration, they followed the same trail as before, although the Karish moved much faster. He remarked to Takos, you must admire their efficiency. They hurried from the insect planet to the deserted sphere, to the dying grey planet. Locating the iron-age world took them longer. Simune and Takos were disconcerted by the speed of their journey, but confident they’d find the runaways.
Tarn’s village was the first port of call. Simune, Core, and another Karish posed as villagers and approached the nearest sentry to ask news of any strangers.
The sentry recognised their descriptions and said. ‘You mean Wulfa and Bork?’
‘Yes,’ said Core without hesitation. ‘Those are the ones.’
He said they’d disappeared after attacking the son of the chief who still suffered from the effects of their assault. The sentry then grew suspicious, but before he could raise the alarm, Core used a stunner and left the man frozen to the spot. Simune looked surprised at a weapon.
‘It will wear off soon,’ Core explained, ‘He won’t remember.’

They returned to the base to consider their next move.
‘Why attack the chief’s son? That’s strange behaviour for a Varan,’ mused Core.
Simune said one word, ‘Doella.’
Core registered what he meant and nodded. He glanced at Simune. ‘You knew her well, yet she worked on-world most of the time,’ he remarked.
Simune closed his lips in a thin line and remained silent. His eyes met Cores. Deep in his unreadable psyche, he pondered this Karish was no fool.

Basla was more forthcoming, grieving for his friend’s disappearance. Morosely drunk by the fire, he told them a fantastic story of a huge dragon carrying off Doella.
‘Horrible,’ he shook his head, ‘such a beautiful girl - so sad.’
He stopped his reverie, reliving the memory and tipping back his cup until Core prompted him to finish his tale. His friend Bork fled, he said, presumably searching for his lovely lady. They hunted everywhere for him, but without success. ‘We found his horse, but he’d disappeared. We had to return, we were weary and running out of food,’ he sighed. ‘Such a lovely woman.’ He reached for his drink again.

Core and Simune didn’t understand the story of the dragon, but they agreed he told the truth. They combed the territory.
One man reported. ‘Strange reading, sir,’ he suggested handing him his sensor.
‘Hyclos. Hyclos dragon?’ Core mused. Simune glanced at the scanner too. ‘They might go together,’ said Core cryptically.
‘Yes, but according to the data we have, the Hyclos left years ago.’ Simune was not making a statement, he asked a question; what the Karish knew about the shadowy Hyclos race?
Core narrowed his eyes. ‘Why do you always assume lust for Doella motivates everything that happens?’ Simune remained silent and left to tell Takos the news.
They took a long time to find Sark’s island, and even longer to reinstate the house. They managed a ghostly replica they couldn’t enter. Core left two men to keep trying, and the rest returned to the mainland. He decided what happened; the runaways fled with this shape-shifting Hyclos. It made perfect sense.

Simune and Takos were amazed at the information Core and his men brought with them. He showed them a holograph map of the different worlds in this space.
‘This version doesn’t show every planet. It includes those with any Hyclos contact, and it’s reasonable to assume they have gone to one of them. We will ignore the other worlds for now.’
‘How many planets influenced by the Hyclos exist in this region?’ asked Takos.
‘If the records are correct, 1,960. They concentrated most of their worlds in this set of laminas, and few of them contain any higher life forms. They used most for mining or agricultural experiments instead of full planet forming - but they are viable places to hide. The only reason the Hyclos started earth forming was we once asked them to take part in our work. At one time our races were much closer than now.’ He sounded mysterious as if he knew more.

Only Takos and Simune were affected by the enormity of the task. Core and the other men were accustomed to this painstaking work. We’ll establish a base, moving as necessary. ‘I’ll recall the two from the island, and we’ll visit each of the Hyclos worlds, scanning for recent Varan signatures. To speed up the process, we’ll split into groups of three. You two,’ he indicated Simune and Takos, ‘will join separate teams. If you do not report your findings, we will remove you from the mission and send you back to your Varos base. Is that understood?’ He looked at Simune as he spoke.
Neither replied, but they glanced at each other. Their rapport not recovered since the marriage when Simune called his companion a fool. Takos no longer trusted him. He wondered why Simune was so desperate to bring the fugitives back. He had no special link with Doella, and his hatred of Carnos wasn’t enough to cause this relentless chase. Deep in his mind, where no one else could find it, Takos wondered if Simune hid strong hidden feelings for her. Was this the real reason for his jealousy of Carnos? But Takos, not Carnos, was engaged to Doella - either way, Simune could not have her. It made little sense. He covertly observed Simune’s behaviour and noticed Core appeared suspicious too. He remained wary of his friend and glad to be assigned a different team. Now he could work instead of looking over his shoulder.
Each planet took half a day to survey. The teams checked two planets before returning to base. The first was on an unpopulated, ex-Varan world. It was bleak and windswept; nothing remained on its surface but dusty, sand-etched plains. The post left open to the elements and partly ruined. The wind howled and sleeping in soundproof bubbles was a necessity. Takos and Simune were the only members of the party unable to sleep.

Chapter 18
The Hyclos headquarters was in perfect working order. The huge constructed cave housed a central system, which drew energy from the planet’s thermal layers to power the base. Around the cavern walls were empty habitations, laboratories and data rooms. Parsos showed Doella his domain. She was tired and hungry without her enhancers, but here it was warmer. Parsos pulled her into what must once have been a medical bay and sat exhausted Doella in an examination chair. He took a strange-looking collar from a cupboard and fastened it about her neck. It was so tight Doella had difficulty breathing. Parsos attached a silver chain to the choker and gave a cruel smile. ‘Now I’ll be able to pull you with less effort,’ he sneered.
He yanked at the fetters and pulled a terrified Doella out of the chair. She couldn’t get her breath and panicked. Parsos released the pressure on the tether and lifted her onto the treatment couch to recover. He stroked her hair and then brought her water, but Doella couldn’t swallow it. Parsos loosened the collar. Doella gasped a thank you.

Parsos changed into a smiling fiend. ‘Don’t think I’m going to be kind to you, my Queen. It wouldn’t suit me if my lovely Doella died while I enjoyed her.’ He pulled on the chain, brought her face to his, and kissed her. Doella was still having trouble breathing and gasped for air. ‘No, not here, we will go back. Once I wanted to control this planet, but that would’ve bored me once I achieved it. Now I have you.’ Doella tried to stop the thought from forming in her mind, but it was too late; Parsos noticed. ‘I’ve many Hyclos powers,’ he said, pulling her close. ‘No need of the Transbet, I can travel by bubble, but not between. I attached this crystal myself,’ he sounded proud. ‘Does that answer your questions?’
If he attached an amplifier himself, that might be the reason his mind was damaged, and why the crystal wasn’t working fully. Simple tasks such as connecting to her mind and making a bubble - yes, but she doubted if he’d use its higher functions, such as travelling off-world. Was he a prisoner, as Sark was? He was too absorbed in his thoughts to discern her mental reasoning.
‘But when I have tamed you, we can travel together, and I will tame you. In time you’ll grovel for me to pleasure you. You can’t live without sex, can you?’ His expression horrified Doella. She knew Sark and Carnos would find her. ‘If they do,’ he replied aloud to her thoughts, ‘I am well prepared to receive your former lovers.’

He dragged her back to her chamber. She fell to her knees several times, and each time he pulled her up with the chain. Her neck hurt, and she was bleeding where the sharp collar cut into her flesh. Parsos stopped and licked the blood. Then he lifted her in his arms, carried her back to her suite, and put her on the bed.
He called for servants, who looked frightened when they saw Doella’s condition. ‘Make her comfortable,’ he shouted at the women, who flinched and cowered away from him. ‘I’ll come for her this evening to take her to receive her subjects’ felicitations, and then decide what she will wear.’ He slammed the door behind him as he left.
The shaking serving woman bathed Doella’s neck and applied soothing cream on the cuts and sores. Doella tried to heal herself without success. The woman was compassionate, concerned at Parsos’ behaviour.
‘Our master is not this cruel, at least not to women. I’ve never seen him interested before. Why does he treat you like this?’
Doella smiled at the woman who helped her. ‘He hates me and blames me for his hate.’
‘He loves you too.’
‘No, he desires me; it’s not the same as love.’
‘It’s different with our race; love and want go together. My name is Varea, and since my husband, a soldier, died, I’ve looked after our master’s clothes and served him food. He is not kind, but neither has he hurt me as many would.’
‘Thank you for your name, Varea.’
‘Sleep now, my lady,’ Varea said, and she tucked a fur blanket around the weak and sleepy Doella.
Doella opened her eyes as Varea shook her awake.
‘He’ll be here soon. I’m sorry, but I must get you out of bed.’
She gave Doella a cup of hot tea, but her hands shook as she sipped it. Varea spoon-fed her warm soup. It was tasteless but helped Doella to find the strength to move from the bed. Varea helped her walk to the small bathroom and rubbed more salve into her neck and onto the skin around the uncomfortable crystalline anklets and bracelets. She rubbed fragrant oils into her body and combed Doella’s hair. Both women jumped as the door slammed.

‘Master, what is my lady to wear?’ Varea asked.
‘Clothes? No clothes, tonight our subjects will be introduced to their Queen.’
Varea lowered her eyes in shock, but her compassion for Doella was strong. She bravely said. ‘It’s freezing, master.’
‘It’s not far to my throne room, and then we’ll be by the fire. She’ll sit at my feet on rugs… she won’t be cold for long.’

Varea was frightened, but she stood her ground. ‘Master, that’s no way for your lady to meet her subjects.’
His face moved through several exaggerated expressions. Then he changed his mind and laughed as if at a private joke. He left and returned carrying a Hyclos garment or part of one - a nightgown, for it was finer than a day dress. Years of storage hadn’t dulled or stained the cream-coloured fabric. It was soft and warm to the touch, and Varea dressed her charge in it while Parsos watched with an idiot grin on his face. When she was ready, Parsos grabbed the chain but allowed Doella to get up without pulling at her. Doella and Varea glanced at each other as Parsos led her away.

The icy air assailed Doella as she left the heated chamber. Despite the warm gown, she shivered. Her teeth chattered. Parsos wasn’t cold; he wore a fine red Hyclos-style robe with built-in enhancers to control body temperature. He pulled her against him. When they reached an impressive set of double gates, guarded by men in red and black livery, he let her go and took tight hold of the shackle. 
The doors opened and Doella saw a large hall lit by several fires and scores of candles. Shadowy forms sat at long tables.
She didn’t look around as Parsos, leading her by the chain, strode the full length of the chamber. She sensed the men’s eyes on her, and she did not need a working bracelet to know their lust. Although she walked tall and proud, inside Doella was humiliated. She decided this will never happen again - in future, she’d listen to expert advice when given.
When they reached the throne, Parsos turned Doella round to face everyone and said theatrically. ‘I know many of my friends aren’t here tonight because of the war, but to those of you who are, here is my Queen, Doella.’

She listened to the cheers and kept her eyes fixed on the doors, not looking around her. The men cheered and clapped until Parsos gesticulated for them to stop. He dragged an unwilling Doella onto the pile of white furs in front of his throne. She tried to hide amongst the skins, but Parsos pulled her to him. He waved and a Levian, not much older than a boy, handed large goblets of mulled wine to them. She gulped it. The drink warmed her. Doella ate delicious spiced food and drank more wine, and soon felt drunk. She heard the buzz of men talking as they ate and drank. The light from the candles and the fires danced before her eyes as she struggled to focus. She saw a large, dark man standing over her. He looked at her with desire. He had a cruel, ugly face with a long, recent scar across one side of it.

Parsos enjoyed the man’s lust, and he said to her silently. This is Slavin, my general, Doella. I’ll lend you to him if you don’t obey me. Although you are avoiding looking at those men, let me tell you they look at you in the same way he does, hoping I might offer you to them. Can’t you sense their lust? Do as I say or you will enjoy yourself too much.
He dismissed the reluctant and disappointed Slavin, and then he pulled Doella onto his knee, and in front of everyone fondled her. The men’s emotions were so strong now even a non-telepath could read them. Parsos gave Doella another drink. She knew if she protested, he’d give her to his men as he threatened. She allowed him to touch her, trying to shut out what happened.
‘Dance on me, my lovely,’ he said, dragging her onto his lap; but she felt ill again, so he let her slip onto the rug, just before she fell asleep from the effects of the strong wine.
When she woke, the room was empty. She was very thirsty. Parsos stood in front of the nearest fire, which was still burning, even though the hall was growing colder. He gave her a drink of the usual bitter tea, and her head cleared. She leaned against the throne. ‘Why did you humiliate me?’ she said.
‘I have suffered humiliation my whole life, my dear. I wanted you to taste it.’ He helped her up, but instead of dragging her, he picked her up and carried her.
She woke beside him in an imposing room as depressingly furnished as the rest of the castle. Those strange scenes on the tapestries, which reminded her of Bosch’s vision of hell. The carpets on the floors were dark, even the wood furniture was black.
He turned to gaze at her as she opened her eyes. Doella didn’t remember much after he carried her from the hall. The collar was gone, but she still wore the restraints. She looked at him, searching for clues as to what happened last night. As usual, he guarded his thoughts from her, but his expression told her no… but that was what she wanted to believe. He laughed, trying to give nothing away. Then he kissed her and got out of the bed, pulling the covers over her, and shouted for Varea.
The old woman came in, followed by a male servant. Parsos left her and returned dressed in a robe. A train of servants brought hot water, and when they finished filling a bath, Varea helped Doella into it.
She lay there, not thinking. Varea dried and oiled her again, and helped her into a soft, white, much thicker, and warmer gown. They made the garment from the same intelligent fabric as the Hyclos gowns Parsos wore. Doella returned to the bedroom, but Parsos was gone. She was adjusting to the constraints’ negative energies and regaining strength. She sat by the fire, and they brought breakfast to her. Varea tidied the room, and Doella closed her eyes in an attempt at relaxation. She tried to block out the memory of last night’s humiliation, but the knot deep in her stomach reminded her of it. Her psyche was damaged, and her usual good spirits had deserted her. She felt empty, waiting with dread for Parsos to return.

Chapter 19
I’ve found her. Sark heard Carnos’ triumphant voice far-speaking. They’d searched a long time for Doella, travelling the globe in a systematic search. Sark soon joined him. It was a desolate, bleak place, and covered with thick snow. There was no sign of habitation among the bare trees, apart from a large castle on top of the highest hill. It stood out black against the snowy ground and the wintry yellow sky.
A stony-faced Carnos greeted Sark. Concern replaced the initial joy of finding his wife. ‘Her signal is very faint.’
‘And?’ asked Sark, troubled by Carnos’ despair.
‘She’s hurt, but I’m not able to get through to find out what’s wrong. I can’t far-speak her either, her signals are too weak.’
‘Then we must plan this, not rush, and risk failure. There’s a Hyclos signature here - I sense it without the help of instruments.’ Carnos left Sark to study the castle and its surroundings; he was impatient to rescue Doella.
Sark made sure. ‘It is Hyclos. They built this castle over a vast complex, which is still functioning. I think whoever took Doella can use the machinery.’
Carnos stared at him. ‘These simple people only interface with specific technology for their use. And why would a Hyclos hurt Doella?’
Sark answered him with a question. ‘Why would a Hyclos start a war and ravage the countryside? That’s even stranger. I don’t understand it; none of this makes any sense. If he can negate Doella’s capabilities, he’ll expect our arrival, and try to do the same. We’ll have to neutralise his forces and overcome him… or perhaps her? Since there are two of us, we should be able to manage it.’
‘If they are alone,’ replied Carnos.
‘We must enter the castle with care and scramble our signatures so he - it is a he - doesn’t know where we are. He won’t use too wide a net in case he gets caught too.’
‘I hope you’re right,’ said a grim-faced Carnos. ‘We have to get Doella out of there.’
Sark nodded. The next instant they were inside one of the castle’s corridors, surrounded by an invisible bubble.
Parsos returned in the afternoon. Doella dozed by the fire. Holding open the fur mantle, he then helped her pull-on boots, but he made no move to touch her, and she was thankful.
He observed this. ‘We’ll have plenty of time afterwards,’ he said with a sly smile. He pulled the cloak around her shoulders and encouraged her to negotiate a maze of steps and gloomy corridors. She sensed he hid something but was too weak to probe further. He led her to the large, chill place where he first took her. Doella shivered, not from the cold but those jumbled and terrifying memories. He sat her in a chair near the fire and removed her mantle, and poured her wine.
He couldn’t sit still and paced the chamber. Doella noticed he wore an enhancer bracelet on his left wrist and her emptiness gave way to joy. Carnos and Sark must be nearby, and she tried to mind-call them. He heard her and slapped her across the face, knocking the goblet out of her hand. The dark wine spilt over her white dress. He pointed the control bracelet at her and she couldn’t change her position. His eyes burned with a mixture of loathing and desire, but he didn’t touch her.
Doella said to him, I prefer your hate.
‘Liar! You are a lying whore; you cannot get enough of me. Tell me you choose my hate after a thousand years of pleasure, my beautiful queen.’
She still couldn’t move, all she could see was an array of ancient weapons displayed on the wall. Parsos faced the door in expectation, but a bubble containing Sark and Carnos materialised to one side.

Doella watched as Parsos directed a blinding energy beam at them, but Sark was ready and did the same. They stood confronting each other while opposing forces sparked and flared around them. While Sark distracted Parsos, Carnos moved towards the swords on the wall. Parsos saw what he was doing - he never thought a member of an elder race would resort to basic weapons, and he faltered. It was enough. Both energies died away, and Doella moved from the chair. Carnos, armed with a short sword, advanced toward the hybrid, moving nimbly now the energy flows ceased. Parsos also reached for a sword. But Carnos’ training made him a fierce adversary, whereas Parsos slashed clumsily with his weapon.
Sark picked up Doella and flung a protective bubble around them. Carnos still fought with Parsos and won the battle. He enjoyed making the hybrid trip and falter.
Sark shouted. ‘Finish it, and let’s get out of here. Doella needs help.’
Carnos’ vicious smile vanished, and he stabbed Parsos in the side. Parsos crumpled and fell to the floor. He raised his sword as if to kill him, but Sark again shouted to him, ‘No, Carnos, you can’t.’

Carnos realised what he was about to do and stopped. He threw the sword to the ground with a gesture of disgust and ran to the bubble. The next moment they were gone.
Parsos pressed the bracelet to his injured side and allowed its energies to heal him, but he was too weak to follow his attackers. He lay on the floor promising he’d kill Sark and Carnos, and recover Doella. He wanted her back. His frustration and anger were so great he descended into the madness, which sometimes overtook him. His insane laughter echoed throughout the castle.
They took the bubble to their rooms. Sark carried Doella into the bedroom and laid her on the bed. He removed her dress and pulled the covers over her. Carnos stood in the doorway watching him.
‘See to her,’ said Sark, and left the room.
Carnos went to her. Doella didn’t move, just shivered with cold and fear. He used his energies to warm her, but when he tried to mind-speak, he came up against a wall, which shut him out. She didn’t respond to his spoken words but gave him a brief, sad smile. He understood her pain, but could not reach in and help.
He kissed her forehead and said. ‘Try to sleep, my love.’

He found Sark standing in his favourite spot by the window. ‘Whatever he did to her, she won’t let me in to find out.’ It took his love for Doella to say what he knew he must.
‘Sark, she feels a great friendship and peace with you. Perhaps you can help.’
Sark nodded and moved into the bedroom, leaving the door open. He spoke aloud.
‘Doella, my dear one, listen to me. We cannot help you recover unless you let us into your mind.’
‘The bracelets,’ she whispered.
‘The prison bracelets, yes.’ Sark recognised them. ‘I’ll remove them. It may hurt; shall I get Carnos to help?’
‘No,’ she said. ‘I can’t face him.’
‘But you can face me?’
‘You are my friend, and although he is my husband, you understand me better.’
Carnos overheard this and put his head in his hands. He far-spoke Sark. I’ll leave for a while.
It was difficult to find the right code to remove the bracelets, but Sark succeeded. Afterwards, Doella was worse, and he used his energies to strengthen her. By the time he finished, he too was drained of energy. ‘Sleep now, when you wake, you will feel better.’
‘No, Sark.’ She was agitated and placed Sark’s hand over her crystal and closed her eyes.
Condensed into a few moments, Sark knew everything Parsos did to her. For one member of an elder race to harm another was an act, which violated the laws and the morality of both their races. Even if Parsos was a hybrid, he’d committed a dreadful crime. He held her hand.
‘I’m frightened he might get me back. Please keep me safe; I’ve never known such terror. If that’s how human women suffered throughout the ages, I didn’t understand. I just observed and did nothing.’

Sark used the rest of his energies to heal Doella’s psyche and then left her to sleep. He was still exhausted when Carnos returned. They did not speak; Sark transmitted what happened.
‘He’ll pay for hurting her, Sark; somehow he will pay.’
Sark did not reply, for he thought the same. A little while later, he said to Carnos, ‘But if we seek revenge for Doella, we are not behaving like the members of an elder race either.’

Chapter 20
Doella slept. Sark and Carnos sat outside her room in silence for the rest of the night.
Early that morning they sensed her stir.
Carnos knocked and entered. ‘How are you?’ He sat and held her hand.
‘Sark told you what happened?’ she asked.
‘Yes.’
‘Do you still love me, Carnos?’
He opened up his emotions to her. ‘Yes, I always will.’
‘I’ve not been a good wife, I’m sorry.’
He did not reply but suggested, ‘I’ll help you freshen up, and then you must rest until you are stronger.’
Later, they received a visit from Trasnos. He carried flowers.
‘I understand I shouldn’t delve into the affairs of wizards, but I hear your wife is unwell,’ he said to Sark.
The servants reported Doella was sick. He asked if he could see her.
She recovered well without the controlling bracelets. She sat up in bed; her golden hair fell over her breasts. She looked bewitching to the smitten man. For a few moments, he just stared at her, forgetting to play the accomplished courtier.
Sark and Carnos smiled behind his back, and Sark said. She’s improving.
The King recovered his manners. He approached her and handed her the flowers.
‘Thank you, your majesty; they’re lovely. I’m much stronger now, and sure what we discovered will help you defend your lands.’
He didn’t speak, but raised her hand to his lips and kissed it.
Doella smiled at him. ‘I’ll be up soon.’
He was in a daze when Carnos and Sark led him into the reception room to discuss battle plans.
The next morning Doella was recovered, although sometimes she gazed into space at nothing, her mind elsewhere. Despite Sark’s best efforts, she was still not the old careless Doella; her encounter with Parsos changed her. She was quieter and less impetuous. Neither had slept with her since her rescue. Sark decided to stay away from her for Carnos’ sake but understood if she asked him he’d find it hard to say no.

They discussed battle options. They agreed if Doella and Sark took on dragon-form, and terrified Parsos’ armies from the air it would scatter most of the opposing troops. Carnos intended to augment the city fortifications with Hyclos technology. He liaised with the King and his generals to find the areas of greatest weakness.
That evening they attended another formal dinner. At last, the First Wizard arrived. Doella and Sark sat on either side of Trasnos, and Carnos next to Sark. Doella saw the First Wizard’s disgust at her higher place at the table. She tried to charm him out of this dangerous jealousy, but Trasnos monopolised her and hindered her quest. She wished he were as afraid of her as his subjects were, so he didn’t dominate her time. As usual, when he’d drunk too much, he had trouble keeping his hands off her, although Sark kept looking at him.

The First Wizard wasn’t as old as Doella expected, unlike Cloet Te-in. She started a conversation about everyday matters, using this as a ploy to get to know him, but did not attempt to break Varan law by reading his mind. From the few words they exchanged, she knew he wasn’t a fool like the Tenth Wizard. The First Wizard saw the King losing control. It horrified him to see Trasnos stroking Doella’s exposed thigh. She removed his hand, and he said so others heard, ‘I must have you in my bed soon.’
When she turned back to the Wizard, he’d left the table and moved into another room. A desultory ball was starting. Most of the women had fled the city, and though the orchestra played, no one danced.
Doella mind-spoke Carnos and Sark. I’m not making much headway with this First Wizard. I haven’t found out his name. Can you sober up the King while I make a better impression? If I’m unable to charm him, Sark can try.

She followed him into the other room and changed tack, adopting a business-like attitude. ‘I’m sorry First Wizard, we haven’t talked to each other.’
He gave her a guarded look but responded politely. Cloet Te-in entered and walked towards them, but the First Wizard shook his head and Cloet Te-in moved away.
‘You’re right; I’m interested. Cloet Te-in is a good wizard, but he lacks social skills. I imagine you’ve found out as little from him as he has from you.’
His bluntness relieved Doella, and she responded, ‘I’m never comfortable with courtiers’ ways. They never say what they mean, and they communicate what isn’t important.’
‘At least we agree on that.’

They strolled out of the room, and the First Wizard led her into a garden courtyard, lit by lanterns. They found a seat in a quiet spot where they couldn’t be overheard.
The First Wizard found Doella’s closeness intoxicating, but he recovered. It was unusual for any wizard to have a close relationship with a woman, as they terrified them. This female wizard was a novelty to him.
‘Who are you?’ he asked. ‘Not members of the Brotherhood. You and the kindred man do not belong to our world. You are different, with…’ He did not finish but stared at her breasts. For a moment, she thought he’d touch her, for he moved his hands like the King. Again, he recovered his self-possession. ‘You have strange eyes too, but are not ugly. You are very pleasant, despite your differences,’ he finished the sentence with a slight smile. ‘You use your powerful sexuality as a weapon.’ He stopped smiling and paused. ‘The big man is more like us, but he is peculiar too. We have pictures in our library. He is Clos, one of the Elder ones from the unremembered days.’ Doella nodded.
‘So who are you?’ he asked again.
‘We are equal to the Clos; as you say, from unremembered days.’
‘I’m worried about your real objectives, because the creature trying to defeat us and take our lands is not a member of the Brotherhood either. He appears to be Clos too. It was rumoured they left one behind. Have they sent you here to help?’
That seemed a suitable explanation, so she said yes. She mind-spoke Sark and Carnos to ask if they were listening, and they both answered in the affirmative.
Good idea added Carnos.
‘I thought you were spies, but, as all wizards are, I am adept at reading hearts, and I perceive no threat from you. Yet your story is only partially true. There is something strange about you.’ This man was empathic, unable to read minds, but could sense the feelings of others. This brief talk with First Wizard was worth more than the convoluted talks they had with Cloet Te-in. She sensed he told her part of the history. Leaving much out - just as she did.
‘What else are you able to do which makes you Wizards?’ she asked.
He looked at her. ‘Are you asking what we have become capable of since the Clos left?’
‘Yes, I want to know more as to your abilities, and how we may help you.’
‘We remember the Clos; our libraries say they taught our societies to grow crops and make clothes, and later to build towns. They went a long time ago. The ones who learned from the Clos became the Brotherhood. We guide the people as the Clos once did. We have access to their knowledge. It was easy to choose those who’d join us - only those with smooth, unmarked skin have the power to see into men’s hearts. We have lived this way from before remembrance, but now this strange Clos from the north has started a war. There have been other wars in the past, but they were minor squabbles by comparison. No destruction of cities and the countryside.’
He stopped talking and looked sad. Doella broke the silence. ‘My name is Doella. What’s yours?’
‘Blode Se-in.’
‘Blode Se-in, why are the people so afraid of you and us too?’
‘Superstition,’ he replied, ‘but they remember too the wars competing wizards caused in the past. They need our help and guidance, but also to believe we keep them safe by our unusual powers. This northern Clos is terrifying; they say he controls a dragon.’

Doella decided there must be more; his story was incomplete. It would be easy to enter his mind and take the information she needed, but her strict Varan upbringing ruled her behaviour. Non-telepath races must not be scanned; it might harm them. He mentioned what she expected to obtain their help. She read his body chemistry, but a clever man accustomed to lying could give out the wrong signals, masking his true intent. Blode Se-in was used to concealment - why else would he have First Designation? She chose not to tell him much of Parsos for the present. The others agreed with her. They hadn’t told Trasnos either, only that Doella looked for the leader. Doella decided Blode Se-in’s explanation was too plausible - the man was not as simple and passive as he pretended to be.
Doella and Blode Se-in returned to the dinner. The reception room was empty. The tiny orchestra still played, oblivious to their lack of audience.

Blode Se-in was reluctant to let Doella leave. ‘Please walk with me,’ he said. Blode Se-in was silent until sure no one could overhear them. ‘My nephew…’ he began.
Doella looked at him. ‘I don’t believe I know your nephew.’
‘My nephew is the King.’
‘Oh, I see.’
‘He is hoping you will join with him.’
‘I’m married, and in my culture, that means joining with your nephew is impossible.’ She looked away from Blode Se-in as she spoke.

He continued in a low voice. ‘I do not think you know the power of women here. The woman chooses the husband, and she can change her mind and choose another whenever she wishes. However, if she has children, they must stay with the father. Because of this, most stay with their husbands, but the richer women might leave if they can trust their children to known servants. The King’s mother, my sister, has lived with the King of Seyoth for many years. Because of these customs, we are tied together, and not just by blood. My nephew does not understand your culture only that a woman he desires might sleep with him.’ He looked at Doella. ‘And because he believes he succeeds with you, he hopes you will become his Queen. Because of his close tie with me, he is not afraid of you. Wizards are always male, so you are even more fascinating, and should I say somewhat dangerous, taking into account your present husband.’
‘I understand, Blode Se-in.’
‘Thank you, Doella.’ Blode Se-in bowed low to her, and they parted company.
I told you to be more careful. This isn’t an Earth, she heard Carnos in her mind, and Sark agreed with him.

Doella was annoyed when she came back to their apartments. Sark and Carnos were amused with Blode Se-in’s assessment of Doella, and Trasnos’ feelings for her.
‘For an anthropologist,’ said Carnos, ‘you don’t research local customs well.’
‘I warned you to be careful,’ added Sark.
Doella returned to her old self and defended her actions, knowing she was in the wrong. They agreed their present life was taking a toll on them, not just her. It wasn’t long before they laughed at Doella’s predicament and gave her suggestions on how to let the King down “gently”. The more absurd the ideas became, the more they laughed.
They sobered. At last, their old friendship was restored, and a comfortable silence ensued. Sark decided he needed a walk, leaving husband and wife together; but the result of his thoughtfulness wasn’t what he intended.

Carnos revealed his thoughts. ‘Doella,’ he said, and then stopped. He got up, stood behind her chair, and then put his hands on her shoulders. ‘Doella,’ he began again. Then the words rushed out. ‘I was wrong to force you into marriage… and I forced you. As you said, you are too young. I think we should “divorce” - forget it ever happened. It wasn’t a Varan marriage. I wanted it in case they tried to part us, so you couldn’t ignore me.’
Doella turned and looked at him with an expression of shock and hurt. ‘Don’t you love me anymore Carnos? I understand if you don’t. I haven’t been a good Varan wife, but I wasn’t expecting to marry for a long time, and I suppose too, because of the way it happened, I never felt married. But Carnos, I love you.’
He sat on the floor in front of her. ‘Doella, I still adore you.’ He let her feel his emotions. ‘If we get through this adventure, forgiven, and allowed back on Varan…’
‘There are many ‘ifs’ there,’ Doella interrupted.
‘Yes, I know,’ Carnos replied. ‘Well, if so, we can marry when you’re ready.’
‘Carnos, Varan don’t divorce, for any reason - they stay together for life, does that count with an illegal merger. Does our marriage have any validity?’
‘No, it can’t have. As you say, the merging may happen between many unmarried couples. If anyone knows, no one tells. We will be together, but I’ll not force you to be a Varan wife without the help of our social structure. It’s impossible to have children living as we are, and that’s the major reason for marriage. I know you care for me. I was jealous of Takos, and I felt you couldn’t be happy with him. He’s a kind man, and you are not an easy woman.’
She smiled at his description. ‘No, I am far from straightforward,’ she agreed. ‘This unselfishness makes me realise I don’t deserve your love… that didn’t sound how I meant it.’
‘Oh Doella, you are becoming sugary. I prefer you when you are angry. Shut up and come to bed.’
‘On our Earth, they say sex is more fun when you’re not married. I was only joking!’ She screamed as he chased her into the bedroom.

Chapter 21
Sark returned and, seeing the bedroom door closed, slept in the other room. He was awake and starting breakfast when the lovers joined him.
‘We are divorced!’ said Doella, as if introducing a wonderful new idea.
It bewildered Sark. ‘I’m sorry, but I’ve studied your culture and there’s no mention of divorce,’ he said. ‘Why are you both merry?’
Doella invited him to share their thoughts and feelings. ‘Do you understand now?’
‘No, I’m still confused, but if it makes you both glad, then I’m happy too. I think you’re right, it was never a true Varan marriage.’ he smiled. ‘May I bring you back to the here and now? We are trying to prevent a war.’ This sobered them. ‘Doella, we must get your dragon shaping finished so we can harass the rag-tag army.’

A shadow passed across Doella’s face, and both men sensed a return of the pain she suffered under Parsos. ‘I’m scared of seeing him again, even at a distance. You’ve tried to heal me, but I’m still afraid.’ She moved into the bedroom to get ready.
Sark looked at Carnos. ‘You’re a great man, and I’m glad to count you as my friend - if you want me to be?’ He didn’t reply, so Sark continued. ‘This Earth-like divorce is for her benefit. You’d prefer to be married, but your unselfish behaviour may help her recover from her terror. Perhaps she considers her capture punishment. For not taking the wedding seriously… and for what she feels for me.’
‘It was not a true Varan marriage in her eyes. She was a caged bird, caught too early, and under unusual duress. It was a stupid idea, driven by jealousy of Takos… but now I’m not sure. I can’t remember considering it beforehand, it entered my head from somewhere. She’ll soon recover from the uncomfortable experience, and I hope our “divorce” helps her manage what happened with Parsos.
I couldn’t have been more unwise. It was not an official merger, and the elders would’ve annulled it. I wanted her to commit to me. Varans marry after their youth. We join to help the race by having children. Many consider it their duty to do so, but many choose not to have offspring. Some stay at home helping with the household and other Varan children, while others lead challenging lives in whatever field they excel in. Then they have freedom in sexual matters too. Married people have more restrictions than being faithful to their partners, as they must. Doella might never be ready to take on that. I pressured her into marrying me, and she was under extreme emotional stress when she agreed. I was a fool. She may care for me but she requires to be free.’ He looked Sark in the eyes. ‘And needs your love and understanding. She has another emotion for you. It’s as she says - in your alien approach you understand her differently. I was jealous when I found out there was more than friendship between you. But these past few days without her, I reconsidered our relationship. We have all changed.’ He stopped as Doella emerged from the bedroom.
She kissed him. ‘I’m sorry I eavesdropped, but your words and feelings were beautiful.’
She kissed Sark too. Then with a return of her old spirit, she said, ‘Let’s dragon, Sark.’
They decided now everyone understood they were Wizards or Clos, they’d use their technology again. Sark and Doella used bubbles to get out into the hills, while Carnos returned to the generals to continue strengthening the city’s defences. It was not long before the huge bronze dragon and the smaller gold one were flying away from the city. Sark led them out to sea.

Doella adjusted to her new body, discovering what it could do, and soon more agile than Sark, weaving and soaring through the air, enjoying the icy wind. They touched down on a small island far from shore, terrifying the seabird population as they landed, but careful not to disturb the rookeries.
Sark, Can we mate as dragons?
Her ask wasn’t a surprise. He laughed, and fire belched from his mouth and nostrils. You’re incorrigible, Doella. As Carnos said, you are not ready to be a stuffy middle-aged Varan matron, bearing countless children to a Carnos changed out of recognition into a stodgy Varan husband.
My parents aren’t boring. But you’re right. To be honest, I dreaded being forgiven and going back to Varan, she paused and dying more inside as each day passed.

Her lack of enthusiasm for her home planet puzzled Sark, but he knew better than to ask questions Doella could not answer. He told her in old Hyclos space, far away from Hyclo Prime, there was a world populated by what his race called dragons. They were terrifying and intelligent creatures, and they were real, not a myth. He admitted he could guess how they might mate; he’d seen old pictures in the data banks. Doella didn’t believe a word of it. She believed they were animals of imagination from early Hyclos stories. Still, they took to the skies again and flew high into the upper atmosphere where the bronze dragon entered the gold one. It felt real. But more enjoyable was the exhilaration of the sudden drop to the ground, with the earth rushing at them with great speed. Just as they were about to crash, they pulled up and landed.
Doella and Sark lay in their real forms in bright sunlight on the mossy grass of the island, recovering from the exciting fall, and the strangeness of their experience.
Doella turned to Sark and said. ‘That was exhilarating, but I prefer my body to make love.’
They met up again in the evening. Carnos understood what happened between them and worked to overcome his jealousy and suppress his actual feelings. He’d wanted to keep the wind from blowing by seeking to commit Doella to a marriage. He realised if found and captured, she wouldn’t forget him, for their minds were bound. They enjoyed an evening meal in their rooms.
Later Doella took Carnos to bed and gave Sark a glorious smile of apology. Sark wondered how long they could continue this way without friction.
He closed his eyes, going over the day’s events. Another presence reached into him. Go away, Parsos, we are more than a match for you, he said.
He detected a faint voice mocking him. She’s making you both unhappy, isn’t she, by granting you her favours when she feels like it? I’ll make her pay for all of us when she’s back with me.
Sark gathered long unused energies, and Parsos’ voice faded with a slight scream. ‘Enjoy your headache!’ Sark shouted aloud.

The bedroom door flung open and Carnos rushed out without bothering to put on a robe. ‘Doella’s upset. We heard Parsos.’
She stood behind Carnos and looked frightened.
‘Doella, Carnos and I won’t leave you on your own; he can’t do as he says,’ said Sark.
‘I know, but I awaken at night when you two are asleep and hear him in my mind, just whispering so he doesn’t wake you. He murmurs to me of long imprisonment as his Queen,’ she said. And then shuddered.
They discussed strategy over breakfast, trying to forget last night’s upsetting violation.
‘Today we will harass Parsos’ troops,’ said Sark. ‘If he’s seen riding a dragon it can only be a hologram.’
Doella put on a brave face, but her lovers understood the struggle she endured. By whispering to her in the dark, Parsos terrified her anew.
‘Good, then I’ll take a bubble higher to monitor your progress and see what effect you have on the army,’ said Carnos.

They took a bubble to where the army camped. Sark and Doella handed Carnos their clothes and shape-changed. The next moment two beautiful shining dragons took to the air.
Sure enough, the troops on the ground stampeded in panic. The dragons tried to avoid the unfortunate women and children, but they too ran away. Many clutched their offspring as they went, while a few left them behind.
We should help these people, but not at the expense of the people of Bayoth. It upset Doella.
First, we must break Parsos’ grip on them.

Doella agreed. Her memories of the terrible wars on her Earth made her guilty. The Hyclos and Varan called it progress, but it did not appear that way to those involved; to them it was evil. They shouldn’t have encouraged war as a method of evolution. They ought to have been teachers and creators, and treated each world according to its inhabitants, not forcing a preordained program on them. Once left to their own devices, many Earth worlds perished. Long after the Varan went, the legacy of war remained. Sark agreed with her thoughts.
At the sight of the dragons, the straggling army disintegrated. Even the trained military core of Parsos’ soldiers fled.

That’s enough for one day, Doella. Let’s get back to Carnos and check out his observations.
They landed and changed form. Carnos arrived, and they joined him in his bubble and waited to see what happened. About three-quarters of the army returned and re-grouped. Sark said they’d come again tomorrow and use the same tactics again.
Sark and Doella were exhausted. They were informed Trasnos had arranged a small private reception for them, along with the wizards and generals.
Doella gave a tired sigh. ‘All right,’ she declared to her amused friends, ‘tonight I’ll tell Trasnos I have no intention of marrying him.’ Doella went to change her clothes and gather her energies.

Chapter 22
Sark was used to shape-changing and recovered fast, but Doella felt weary. She was listless, and when the meal was over, leaned her head against the high back chair. As usual, she sat next to Trasnos. Sark and Carnos were discussing tactics. The Levian generals were decent men. With a shudder, she remembered Parsos’, General Slavin.
The soldiers don’t have a hope, she thought; they are pleasant people, but not strong generals. If we disrupt Parsos’ army, they might have a chance. One man impressed her; his name was Prast. He spoke with a sense of purpose. The Levian wizards sat together in silence at the end of the table, listening. Brode Se-in watched Doella beneath half-closed lids.

She said to her comrades. I think we should investigate these wizards, they’re not truthful.
They agreed, and Sark would search the principal city where Brode Se-in lived. He’d been there before, but a long time ago.
Doella raised her head and found Trasnos looking at her with undisguised lust.
‘This talk of war is tiring you. The garden isn’t far. Let’s take a walk and escape this,’ he murmured.
Doella whispered back, to annoy Brode Se-in, whom she knew was still unsure of her motives. ‘We should go somewhere secluded so we can chat.’

As he led her into his private terrace, he put his arm over her shoulder, not caring who saw them. They sat and he made a move to kiss her, but his expectations were short-lived.
In her usual direct way, she said, ‘Your majesty, I know of your customs and you hope to get closer to me, but I love my husband and have no wish to escape him. I’m sorry if you thought otherwise.’ He looked away to gain control. ‘Trasnos, your uncle has spoken to me and he says you want me to abandon Sark and marry you instead; but I will never leave him.’
‘Are you afraid of him?’
‘No, Trasnos, I love him.’
‘But you make me want you. I was sure your marriage was finished.’
‘I find you attractive, but I’ve no desire for another husband.’ She waited for his reaction, the usual denial that only the here and now mattered; but there was none. Normally she would’ve taken him to bed, but something had changed. She didn’t understand why she behaved this way - and then it came to her. It would damage Trasnos if she slept with him and then left. She’d hurt men before, and felt ashamed. ‘Trasnos, one day I’ll go to another place, and you’ll never see me again. Forget me; settle with a woman who’ll love you as you deserve.’
‘I hope you’re not thinking of going away soon,’ he said, trying to keep his voice light.
‘I won’t change my mind, Trasnos.’ She stood up and walked away.
Sark and Carnos waited for her when she returned to their apartment.
‘I told the King I don’t want to marry him.’
‘You took your time,’ said Carnos.
‘I wandered; it’s a pleasant night. Besides, as a single woman, I can sleep with whoever I want, and you both know I didn’t even kiss him,’ she said scowling. ‘I’m going to bed if one of you wants to join me.’

Carnos came in soon after. ‘Show me why I should prefer you to Trasnos, my onetime husband,’ she said smiling.
Carnos smiled too. He’d expected her to sleep with the king, and she hadn’t. Perhaps they could have the future he desired.
Alone in the other room, Sark felt everything. He sighed, wondering where this strange Ménage à Trois would lead them.
Next morning when Doella awoke, Carnos was gone. He sat still in the living area with his eyes closed, and Doella sat without disturbing him. He was in contact with Sark, and Doella joined them. They used Sark’s eyes as he explored the wizard’s base. Carnos had watched for a while, and Sark said he’d show Doella everything when he returned.
Carnos opened his eyes. ‘I’m going to get him, it will save time.’ He disappeared and was soon back with Sark, who after a short sleep last night decided it was time to visit the home of Blode Se-in. It took him an hour by basic bubble, and by horse, it would’ve taken two weeks. He was grateful to Carnos for the fast return trip. He showed them his experiences again,

They closed their eyes to concentrate and used Sark’s recall. His memories began as he approached the city. It intrigued Doella and Carnos - the city was enormous, and nothing like this one. At the centre, its towering buildings were beyond what this present culture could achieve.
It’s pure Hyclos, but it wasn’t this big when I visited it the first time, Sark said. A lot of Hyclos must’ve come here, more than is usually involved in planet-forming. I think I know why… it should make sense soon. But they should’ve dismantled buildings and equipment when we left. It wasn’t meant for these people to use.

It was dawn as he approached, and they could see the huge city’s outline. Sark entered invisibly and headed straight for what he judged to be the Brotherhood’s base, a large circular building in the centre. The city isn’t well-populated. Most of it was deserted, Sark commented.
Carnos interrupted. It looks as if the Brotherhood took up residence after the Hyclos left. What’s interesting is how Blode Se-in got here?
I know why, said Sark. Watch as I go in further. He passed through reception rooms and entered a large circular chamber, used for meetings. I sensed I should go beneath. As in Parsos’ castle, most of the base proper is underground. He started moving down a long flight of steps, still using his bubble. The lifts no longer work, he laughed.

At the base of the stairs, which were of Levian workmanship, there was a similar layout to the one at Parsos’ castle, but much larger. Sark entered a data room and retrieved information, which he said he’d show them later. They took most of the equipment when the Hyclos left, but they usually dismantle everything, even a city this size. There’s Hyclos equipment left - I’ll go back and sort through it. Look at this, he said, it’s a trans-bet port, and it’s still working. The Levian servants would’ve used it. That explains how Blode Se-in and Cloet Te-in get around and communicate, and Parsos may have one too.
Perhaps there’s a port here in the palace. We ought to sense it when used, said Doella.
Not if we were asleep. What if they came at night? They agreed with Sark’s plausible explanation. He moved back up the staircase and through the city until Carnos collected him.

They opened their eyes.
‘Sark, did you find any technology which could restore your crystal to full use?’ asked Doella.
‘Not yet, but I’ll make a thorough search. The Levians couldn’t use most of it and repairing is beyond them. The trans-bet could fail. I ought to check that out too.’
Doella shuddered. ‘Imagine being caught between if it did - and without an enhancer.’
Sark then relayed the data he found. It was a vast amount of information, transferred to them in seconds.
Afterwards, they assimilated and reassembled the information to make sense of it.

Carnos was the first to speak. ‘Tax collectors; the Brotherhood are glorified tax collectors!’
‘And weather controllers too,’ added Doella. ‘They continued in the roles the Hyclos gave them. Wizard is too generous a term. They are aping the Hyclos, or how they saw the “Clos.” The weather machine must run out of energy soon and the planet will return to its original state - long, cold winters and short, cool summers. The Levians won’t survive because they won’t be able to grow enough food unless they go back to hunting, and that won’t supply a large city. I bet Blode Se-in knows; no wonder he’s so interested in us. This weather machine was the real experiment here, wasn’t it - not the Levians?’
‘Yes, I believe so. I used to come here to attend the usual planet-formers’ meetings, but I wasn’t informed about this machine. It’s a great scientific achievement. These devices are often bigger than the city, not the size of a ship’s engine as this one is.’
‘Did you see if it was running low, Sark?’ asked Carnos.
‘It must be. Without a booster, it will fail.’
‘The Brotherhood control wealth. The kings are just puppets; another reason why Blode Se-in doesn’t want me to marry Trasnos,’ added Doella.
‘Don’t marry him just to spite his uncle,’ said Carnos with a frown.
Doella ignored him. ‘So they are milking the people dry and controlling the weather; which is important to farming-based ecology. No wonder they’re disliked by the rest of the population.’
‘I could sense their living quarters, but there were only a few hundred individuals, and we built them to house more. As the data indicates, the smooth-skinned children are increasingly rare,’ said Sark.
Carnos interrupted. ‘Parsos isn’t the worst if he wants to overcome the status quo.’ Doella gave him a hard look, and he apologised.
She recovered her poise, and said, ‘We shouldn’t have got involved, but it was a perfect place to hide.’
‘I decided a long time ago nowhere is perfect,’ said Carnos.

Chapter 23
They discussed the options, having trouble deciding what action to take.
‘There will never be peace between Brode Se-in and Parsos. We can’t use our powers to hinder or help either of them.’ Doella had difficulty saying Parsos’ name.
‘We have committed to Trasnos, not Blode Se-in Doella, but do we repair the weather controller or let it stop functioning? We must decide.’ Carnos was uncertain.

They couldn’t agree. Doella’s instinct told her there was something unknown, which might affect the outcome, but hadn’t mentioned it as she was still unsure.
‘I know there’s another force at play here, but when I try to sense it, it moves away,’ she said.
The men looked at each other. ‘What force?’ they asked together.
‘It must be Hyclos?’
‘Not Hyclos. Could it be familiar - Varan?’ suggested Sark.
‘No, it’s not Varan, but it’s the real threat, not Parsos. I was too weak at the castle. But I noticed something other than Parsos enjoyed my humiliation and abuse; but I couldn’t focus. I sensed it when he paraded me in front of everyone. Someone else was there, frightening like Slavin; but he’s a Levian and the signature was different.’ She became frustrated trying to recall what happened.
‘Another hybrid?’ suggested Carnos.
‘I told you, I don’t know.’ She sounded agitated.

They discussed why a large city was built on an experimental planet. Sark thought the Hyclos might have considered using it as a colony. Unlike Varan, Hyclo had no official colonies and the homeworld was overcrowded. Despite needing the prototype weather machine, this was suitable - not too far inside lamina from normal Hyclos space. Although these systems in lamina were rarely used as provinces, this was a workable choice - the space surrounding Hyclos was short of suitable planets. But Doella pointed out over a million Levians needed to move off-world. They concluded the planet was an experiment for use on other worlds.

They decided to continue and harass Parsos’ troops and split up the invading army. Even now smaller bands of men roamed the countryside looking for trouble. There was plenty of small game in the hills, but it’d soon become scarce as the animals hibernated for the short, harsh winter. Then these people and their families risked starvation. They couldn’t decide whether to repair the weather controller. Parsos’ army was only a few days away, which made Doella nervous. Sark asked was there another way to help her manage her fear, but she declined, saying burying it deeper wouldn’t banish the creature studying her.
When she returned from frightening the troops, she had a faraway look in her eyes, and when they requested what was wrong, she refused entry to her thoughts.
That night she had the dream.
She lay near Carnos. He hadn’t attempted intimacy. Doella seemed far away, so he lay next to her, his arm over her. She shuddered in her sleep, moaned and threw off his arm. She was writhing around in deep distress. He tried to wake her but failed. He saw a frenzied kaleidoscope of colour.

Sark entered the room.
‘I detected a mind,’ he said. ‘Doella’s right; there is something else here, and it’s neither Hyclos nor Varan. It’s familiar but elusive.’ He attempted to reach into her mind to wake her but failed. They watched her terror as she fought against something unknown. A strange, hot wind blew through the open window, and Sark closed the shutters. The wind howled.
‘That’s odd. Winter is coming; the wind ought to be cold,’ he said.

The wind stopped and Doella lay still. They entered her mind but sensed only her usual thoughts. She breathed normally, although she struggled to wake. Sark lifted her into a sitting position. Her eyelids fluttered, and she coughed, an unfamiliar smoky odour filled the room for a few moments. Suddenly Doella was wide-awake, and she clutched at Sark, who was nearest to her. Carnos got her a glass of water, and she drank as though consumed with thirst.
‘What did you see, Doella?’ Sark asked.
‘A man,’ she said. ‘A strange-looking man, dressed in a shiny black robe. With red and gold eyes, and gold skin; not like a Varan, but the metal, and very black hair. His face was oddly shaped, with a pointed chin and swept-back ridges around his eyes. I don’t understand what race he is. He locked me in a cage, and I couldn’t get out. He laughed as I struggled to get free. I was frightened. And it was hot, with small fires everywhere. A cave; which smelt of hot minerals and smoke.’ She coughed again as if the memory triggered it. ‘He opened the cage and pulled me out and carried me under one arm. I tried to kick and hit him with my fists, but he just laughed again. He threw me onto the floor. Sark, it was him, the one with Parsos.  It wasn’t a dream.’

Carnos sat on the bed. ‘Doella, are you sure it was the being you sensed at the castle?’
She nodded. ‘When I try to focus, it disappears.’
Sark and Carnos looked at each other. It’d have to be a powerful and skilled being to reach Doella without either of us knowing.
‘I can hear what you think,’ Doella reminded them. ‘I am tired but too scared to go to sleep. Will you stay with me, please?’ She lay back on the bed between them and they employed their energies to relax her so she slept.
Next morning she woke to find herself alone. Still afraid, she scrambled out of bed and ran into the other room. Carnos and Sark were there, but they jumped up as she entered the room, worried something had happened. Carnos offered her fruit juice. She accepted it but refused food. She was drained of energy and as listless and depressed as after her rescue from Parsos. They wanted to speak to her, so they joined her at the table and spoke silently. Carnos started first.
Doella, Sark recognises the signature.
Sark leaned closer to her as if afraid someone might overhear them.
It is a dragon, he said. Doella almost retorted he was being ridiculous, but Carnos hushed her. Sark continued, I told you about the creatures on the edge of our space. I know you believe they are just Earth myths, but other worlds have them too. Dragons are real, not imaginary shapes you and I adopt.
‘They are just legends, and I disagree - we are dealing with advanced technology, not actual dragons,’ Doella insisted aloud.
‘Doella,’ Sark interrupted her. ‘These dragons are real. They kept away from us and we did the same, but we knew they have great intelligence and unknown power. In our ancient data, are old stories. They use unknown energies to leave their planet and travel in space and time. But we have no proof; they avoided direct communication with us. I’m sure that’s what I recognised from the old data files.’
‘So Parsos’ dragon is real, not a hologram?’ asked Doella, ‘We have a real dragon, and we two fakes are attempting to fight it?’ She laughed, still disbelieving, although her arguments were desperate denials of something she was afraid to confront. ‘We should leave now and go elsewhere,’ she said.
‘We can’t, my love,’ answered Carnos. ‘There’s an imbalance here. We can’t say we’ll help these people and then go because we are frightened. We can’t leave.’
‘He’s right,’ said Sark. ‘My people shouldn’t have left so abruptly, and it’s odd they didn’t dismantle the bases and the city. It’s against Hyclos law.’
‘Does that mean we shouldn’t repair the weather machine?’ Doella said. ‘You realise we may not save those poor wretches in Parsos’ army; there’s not enough food stored here for everyone.’ How could they help so many people with few resources? She looked at Sark. ‘It’s time you told us the real reason why you were left?’
Sark gave a smile, which resembled a grimace. ‘I realised you suspected my explanation, Doella. The truth is much simpler. I refused to mate with a very elevated female. She was the one who left me on Karth. It was her idea of a suitable punishment.’

Carnos gave a low whistle of surprise.
‘You said you’d tell us of the Hyclos women. It might be a good time to start,’ he said.
Sark looked at them and smiled.
‘They are not like Varan women. As you mentioned earlier Doella, it’s often hard to tell them from males. Unlike the Varan, women hold most of the power, with you, both sexes share without regard to gender - even though your sexes are different. Our women have been in control for generations, and they have grown stronger. We men have become unwanted, even unnecessary. Many women do not need men to procreate but use sperm banks to choose the genes they wish their children to have. Our women must have at least one child. Most of them choose females, another reason they prefer insemination since it rules out the risk of having an unwanted male. In this way, they can control motherhood. The number of males is now very low. When I was young, men tried to re-establish the status quo, but found guilty of treason and banished. I was tired of this woman treating me as a servant and ordering me to mate with her. She said she wanted to experience the way women used to conceive in “primitive” times. She considered passing a law in our Senate, outlawing male and female relationships and making men irrelevant. I refused her on principle.’

Doella and Carnos stared at Sark in amazement.
‘But trying such a thing without it being a natural occurrence, your race will be doomed. It can’t be forced and not at a fast pace, that’s basic genetics,’ Doella said.
‘We know that, but these women believe they are above the laws of nature, and they can control them.’
‘No wonder I felt such emptiness in you, Sark.’ Doella got up and put her arms around him.
It was now Carnos’ turn to leave; he made the excuse he must see how his war arrangements progressed. Fighting his jealousy at the sight of his beloved Doella kissing Sark, he left the room.

Chapter 24 
The next day a howling wind came again. This time it was icy and blew small ice crystals into the city. The last blooms in the gardens withered and fell. Everyone but the three elders were cold and added padded layers to their clothing. Parsos’ army gathered on the hills overlooking the capital. The sky was leaden. There were too few residents and soldiers left to defend Bayoth.

Carnos erected force fields around the walls, but he knew Parsos or his “dragon” might make them useless. With luck, they could hold out for a few days, which might rally the dispirited citizens to fight harder. They agreed another dragon show would help them hold on, but it didn’t have the effect they hoped.

Sark and Doella turned into their dragon-shapes on the parade ground, and the palace erupted into turmoil at the sight of it. They returned after unsettling Parsos’ army and resumed their actual forms. Trasnos and Blode Se-in met them; they looked frightened.
The king must change his mind now, Doella, Sark suggested.
Perhaps, but he can’t take his eyes off me. She attempted to hide her nakedness, holding her robe close as she turned to re-dress herself.
We will see whether passion or fright is the stronger emotion, answered Sark. Brode Se-in may look terrified, but he’s pleased too. Now he knows for sure we can fix the weather machine.
Doella agreed with him. Trasnos watched her, and it was obvious what he was thinking.
Desire wins, Sark, she mind-spoke him.
Doella, don’t tease him, she heard Carnos say. He was on the other side of the square, in the barracks' doorway.
Trasnos was unaware his uncle glared at him.
Once in their rooms, they got to business.
‘Parsos wasn’t there,’ said Doella. ‘He must have travelled by bubble to the castle.’
‘We should go there and search for this other signature. While we do that, we can look for technology, which might help us win this war. When the meagre force fields fail, these people won’t be able to hold out for long.’ Sark looked worried.
‘I don’t want Trasnos hurt,’ said Doella, concerned.
‘Trasnos, Blode Se-in and Cloet Te-in will escape via the trans-bet,’ said a grim Carnos.
‘I hope you are right,’ she answered.
‘Carnos, you must help keep the fields intact,’ said Sark. ‘I have to go alone.’
‘No, it takes too long by your incomplete bubble. I’m terrified of seeing Parsos again or this dragon creature, but I’ll take you,’ said Doella. After a pause, she carried on in a stronger voice. ‘As you say, we need to get larger units to keep out the army; the ones we brought with us are too small to cover the walls. Everything I saw at the castle was in good working order, and Parsos will use it if we don’t. I must go.’ Although they knew her argument was sensible, they were reluctant.
‘It’s the only way,’ she insisted. ‘We should have gone earlier, but you were trying to shield me. I have to defeat my fear, or I may never recover.’
Doella left to change, leaving the men to discuss her remarks. She meant business; she returned with her hair tied back, looking ready for action. ‘Well, I’m ready,’ she announced.
Sark packed what he thought they might need. Carnos hugged her.
‘Carnos, I am a Varan. I can’t hide in the shadows; I must face this. If Sark and I are prepared, we should be fine.’ Carnos kissed her. ‘I’ll be back soon,’ she promised.

They arrived at the castle. There were no soldiers or servants to oppose them, and they’d remain undetected unless Parsos could sense them. They intended to send useful equipment to Carnos using tiny portable trans-bets.
Apart from the deep throb of the power system, the base was quiet, but Doella felt as if someone watched them. Sark sensed something too. As she said, it was elusive. Just as he focused on it, it disappeared. They erected a bubble for safety and explored the laboratories. Sark left the bubble to attach portable trans-bets to anything useful. But there were a few larger items they couldn’t transport this way.
They were in a large storage room on the lowest level when Doella grew increasingly frightened and refused to leave the safety of the bubble.
Let’s go, she said. The presence is getting closer.
Sark agreed. Whatever it was, it no longer bothered to conceal its signature.
‘It is a dragon,’ Sark said aloud.

Their bubble ceased functioning, and they worked to reinstate it. Doella grabbed hold of Sark to take them between, but nothing happened. She controlled her fear and panic. They ran to where the door was, now a blank wall. This was the only way out. They both tried to far-speak Carnos without success; there was only silence.
‘I am so sorry; it’s my fault we can’t get back. Whatever it is, it wants to hold us here.’ Doella fought to stay serene.
‘This is a powerful dampening field. Even if Carnos tries to help, he won’t be able to enter. The equipment we sent him may come in useful, but it will take him a while to learn to run it. Keep calm, Doella, he’ll find a way.’
Doella hoped the situation wasn’t hopeless and Carnos could get them out, but she kept remembering her dream.
‘I feel a draught,’ said Sark. ‘There must be another path out.’
‘Yes, and it leads straight to the presence, Sark. It wants us to go that way.’
‘We have a chance, so let’s try, Doella.’ He called Carnos to hurry, even though he couldn’t hear him.

They found an opening behind large storage containers, with steps leading from it. For a short distance, it was a well-lit Hyclos tunnel, then they passed under a rough arch and the diameter of the shaft ballooned. It looked as if they’d burned it out of the dark base-rock from which they built the castle. The walls glistened as if a great heat seared them. It sloped steeply and was dark. Doella and Sark could both see in dim illumination, but the blackness now was so intense they were as good as blind, once the light from the Hyclos passage disappeared. Sark put his arm around Doella as they stumbled forward. Sark’s strength was a source of comfort to her, determined not to let fear overcome her.

Doella mind-spoke him. ‘Why is Carnos taking so long? He should be here by now.’
Sark didn’t reply for a moment. ‘He won’t leave us here, Doella. But must have difficulty breaking the barrier, he’s a good tech; he’ll find a way.’
Doella was about to say she wanted to go back when they plunged into a hole. Instead of plummeting, a warm current of air kept them buoyant. Doella didn’t understand where Sark was, and she cried out his name in fear. He answered, but his voice sounded faint. Doella continued to drop until she saw a dull, red glow below her. It was a long time before the light got stronger. ‘Sark,’ Doella called out again. This time there was no answer. Her fall slowed even more and she sensed someone guided her. Then she fell through the roof of a large dark cavern. It was the cave of her dream, lit by many small spouts of lava.
In the middle, in an open space, created by what she sensed were altered energies, stood a creature. The man from her dream; the one she realised she’d find here. His reality was terrifying. The table and chairs and the four-poster bed, as if this was her old Earth. And those garish and disturbing tapestries, as the ones in the castle, suspended between ironwork frames. Doella fell slowly and saw everything. Large black candelabra held red candles. The air was full of sulphurous odours.

She landed at his feet in an ungainly posture and he smiled at her in the same way as he did in her dream. She tried to crawl away. He was even taller than Sark. In terror, she called out Sark’s name again, but there was no reply. Hot hands took hold of her and strange-smelling, warm breath on her face. She tried to escape, but he was too strong. He smiled as he carried her to the bed and placed her on it. He tied her hands and feet with a golden cord. It was hot, and when Doella struggled against it, it gave her a mild shock. She ceased fighting.
‘What a pretty sight,’ said the stranger. His voice sounded as if two men spoke, not one - like an echo accompanied by a hissing noise. She understood Sark was right; this was a dragon, doing the exact opposite of what they did when they shifted their molecular structure into parodies of dragons. He changed into a hominid, and without the aid of any power enhancers.
He sat beside her on the bed, looking at her; and then he laughed. Doella flinched, expecting smoke and flame to burn her up, but none came.
‘Doella, I won’t hurt you when I’ve worked so hard to get you here? If I wanted to kill you, I could while Parsos had you prisoner. In answer to your question, we do not need enhancers to shape-shift. Our race has never needed technology; we have always been powerful.’
She was thirsty with heat and fear. Sensing this, he held a cup of water in his hands and put it to her lips. The mug disappeared. He removed the ties from her hair, letting it ripple through his fingers.
‘You make a beautiful dragon. When I watched you and Sark join, I decided there was no need for me to be lonely; I could mate with you. It’s been a long time. Even a Varan dragon is appealing.’
He stroked her body with hot hands. Doella wanted to laugh with fear, but it stayed within her. No matter what happened, the universe danced to its tune. With the Hyclos, it became a negative force, and perhaps signalled the end of their race, but it was still about sex.
The dragon saw the humour in the situation. ‘I’ve never mated in this form before, but it will be a while before we take to the skies together in flight. Reading your mind and viewing your many experiences, I’ve learnt a great deal, and I’m sure you won’t be disappointed.’
His body was hot, and his breath even hotter. She felt stifled.’
‘My name is Wylar,’ he said with a terrifying smile.

Chapter 25
Sark, still caught in the artificial air stream, sensed everything happening to Doella. His mind screamed out to hers, but she couldn’t hear him.
Meanwhile, Carnos struggled to trace them. He had little success, so decided he must go to the base. He found the storage room and managed to re-open the door, wielding a portable energy disrupter Sark sent him; then he headed straight for the steps and the tunnel. He activated a dull light and avoided falling into the tunnel leading to the cavern. He sensed Sark’s signature, but not Doella, and became worried. He mind-spoke Sark, stuck in the shaft, and unable to move. Carnos kept away from the edge in case he was caught in the winds, and dropped an energy rope to his friend. He grabbed hold of it on the third try, the buffeting wind prevented him from staying in one position. Carnos hauled him to the top of the chimney, then caught hold of him and pulled him out.
‘She’s down there,’ Sark relayed what he knew.
‘We’ve got to get her out,’ said Carnos, panicking.
‘Give me a moment to recover, and we’ll both go.’

As Sark recovered, the energy field dissipated. They descended the now calm shaft. When they reached the bottom, it was empty of everything except the lava spouts, and they saw no other way out. They retraced their steps but couldn’t detect Doella’s presence.
‘He’s taken her away, but where have they gone? There is nothing to guide us here. We must return to the city. The equipment we sent back might prove useful.’ Sark tried to keep the panic out of his voice. ‘From what I could sense while in the shaft, he prefers to have her alive. He finds her beautiful and knows the pleasure she’ll give him. He wanted me to understand it, or he’d let me fall.’
‘How can a dragon find Doella, a Varan, lovely?’ It devastated Carnos losing her again.
Sark shook his head. ‘No idea, but he does. If he chooses to keep her, it won’t be easy to free her, but we’ll succeed. Try to control your emotions; we need to stay calm and rational for Doella’s sake.’
Carnos agreed, and the dispirited men travelled to their rooms. They inspected what they might use to locate her; but when asked to help with the city’s defences, they complied.
Parsos joined his troops in their efforts. He weakened the energy fields in spots, and sporadic fighting broke out as a few of his men broke through. He sent in the most expendable first - the short, dark, dirty fellows, clad in stinking animal skins. Although small in stature, they were frenzied fighters, and in a mad state of blood lust. The well-drilled, but untried, city crews were having a tough time repulsing them, and many on both sides lost their lives before Sark and Carnos arrived. Prast, whose leadership qualities Doella noticed, attempted to rally the capital’s military. Carnos and Sark must repair the city’s force fields. Their ingrained laws compelled them to this course of action, but they both found it tough when they wanted to look for Doella. Soon the city was secure again.
They defeated Parsos’ frenzied little men, and no more of his fighters penetrated the metropolis. Parsos gave a cry of frustration everyone in the city heard, and the surrounding army melted away. Carnos and Sark found each other.
‘I think Doella’s abduction was used to move us from here, but both sides made mistakes,’ said Sark. ‘Letting us take the Hyclos technology was stupid.’
‘Perhaps Parsos didn’t understand what he possessed,’ answered Carnos.
‘I agree with you, but our mistake was underestimating our enemy, believing we were powerful and invincible. We are not. Is the dragon a genuine friend to Parsos? I now doubt he is. He could’ve played things differently and destroyed us.’
‘Let’s find Doella,’ said Carnos wearily. ‘She was right, we should’ve got out of here while we could.’
Sark didn’t reply.
The Karish found Doella and Carnos’ signatures. It hadn’t taken as long as expected. They made a base away from the capital and Parsos’ army, so their quarry wouldn’t locate them. Core didn’t tell Takos and Simune, Doella’s signature disappeared from his instruments, although he knew Carnos and the Hyclos were back in the city. They’d watched what happened for two days, much to Simune and Takos’ fury. The Karish were careful not to commit any transgressions on what was once Hyclos territory. The delay was playing on the friends’ nerves. Parsos’ army moved away after the stronger force fields were installed.

Simune could stand it no longer and walked into Core’s permabubble unannounced.
‘Why are we watching, Core? We have them now,’ he said.
Core gave Simune a hard stare.
‘Events are being played out here we don’t understand. I do not allow my men to behave impetuously, and that includes you and Takos. Besides, we can’t trace Doella.’ Simune couldn’t control his despair. ‘We assume she’s still alive. We found her at first, and none of us sensed her passing. She must be somewhere our scanners don’t penetrate. There is more happening here than obvious, and I won’t rush in without having the facts. If either of you steps outside the camp barriers, you will be sent back to your Varos base and dealt with there.’
He turned as if to dismiss Simune, who lingered for a moment, furious at Core’s treatment. But he realised if he disobeyed him, he’d be more disadvantaged, so he backed away and looked for Takos. Takos did not respond well to the news but agreed they must go with Core and his Karish.
Doella was unaware of what happened to her friends. Wylar took her to his permanent home, deep in the caverns and far away from her friends. Again, he prepared well for his guest and constructed a steel structure shaped like a medieval tent. Inside was everything she needed: a bed, food replicator and bathroom facilities. The cavern was hot, but he made sure the air inside her tent was cool and fresh. He left her alone, a prisoner unable to see beyond her confines. The cavern was black and ugly, lit with the ever-burning red candles. It felt close, even though it was huge. The place was sweltering, and it looked to Doella like those Bosch representation’s of hell, but she hoped without the suffering. Wylar left her alone.

She’d tried to read his mind, but all she saw was a vast, emptiness, and she remembered how amused he’d been by her efforts. ‘Later, when we see how well we get on, then we can communicate that way.’
Wylar’s power frightened Doella. Not only was he strong physically, but mentally too. She couldn’t discern any emotion in him. If he desired her, she couldn’t perceive it. She wondered if Parsos and Wylar planned this. Perhaps Parsos understood the dragon wanted her, and why he’d treated her cruelly was to get back at both of them. It was possible. She could only wonder, but it made sense. She’d need her wits to manage her imprisonment, and she tried to suppress her terror at her plight. She forced herself to eat and drink. Then she lay on the bed and fell asleep, her dreams echoing the stress of her position.

She woke to find Wylar standing over her.
‘When you’ve refreshed yourself, please join me outside,’ he said.
He wore an ornate black and gold sarong. Even in this hominid form, the vitality of his body was intimidating.
Oh no, thought Doella before she could stop herself. His strength is so stimulating.
He knew her mind; she saw his iris move and his gold eyes glittered, and Doella felt an icy vastness and she turned away. She took her time before deciding to join him.
‘I have rested,’ he said, showing her a picture of his real shape, an enormous, black and gold-tipped dragon. Again, Wylar read her thoughts. ‘I sleep better in my true form. Unlike puny Varan, I need little sleep.’ He stood before her and looked at her. She dropped her head, still unable to read any mental signals from him. ‘So you find me attractive, Doella.’ He smiled and pulled her to him, and then he picked her up and carried her to the white-draped bed hidden away in the gloom.
The red candles on the tall black candlesticks lit the way as they approached the bed. She was not afraid to let Wylar make love to her, even responding when he kissed her. He let her into his mind; he was jubilant. Then she remembered what he was, and was ashamed of her calm surrender to something so alien. Wylar just smiled.
The people of Bayoth were triumphant. They beat drums, drank wine, and people made merry, except for those on sentry duty. Carnos and Sark sat in the dark in their apartment while around them the party raged. Doella’s loss devastated them, and their failure at allowing it to happen. They tried everything but still couldn’t trace her. It surprised them when Core and several other men materialised in the room. They’d not sensed their arrival, and they cursed themselves for their further carelessness. They were held in their seats, unable to move. One of the Karish lit the lamps.
Core, then Takos and Simune stood before them. Simune looked murderous, ready to strike Carnos. Core saw this and gave him a mental warning. Takos was stern-faced and unhappy.
‘Karish?’ asked Carnos.
Core introduced himself and said. ‘I will take you back to Varan to be judged.’ Then he looked at Sark. ‘I’ve no jurisdiction over you, Hyclos, but I am allowed by law to restrain you if you are endangering our mission.’ He stared at them without speaking for a few moments, and then he added. ‘Where is the famed Doella?’
‘Gone,’ said Sark, speaking for the first time. ‘We can’t find her.’
Simune’s fists were clenched. Carnos looked at him as if to say. I’m aware of your feelings, Simune. Takos saw the look and paced the room. Core noted the drama, and continued, ‘It’s obvious we must combine our knowledge to get her back.’
Carnos and Sark nodded.
Meanwhile, Wylar entertained Doella in other ways besides in bed. He made her a Bas board, a game played by Varan of all ages. It was similar to the Earth chess game, but with more complicated moves and strategies. She suspected he let her win. He poured her wine, and they spoke, or Doella talked as Wylar asked her questions. She won again.
‘I am not a child, who needs to be pampered,’ she said, ‘I can manage failure.’
‘I am so glad, Doella.’ He smiled his frustrating, condescending smile. Doella was angry. She wanted to slap him. ‘Be my guest,’ he said, reading her mind.
She stood up, and so did he. As her head only reached the middle of his chest, she could not carry out her threat. Fuming, she sat.
‘Doella your temper is so dragon-like, but a female dragon would’ve tried to scratch my eyes out long ago,’ he reached for her. ‘Let us use that delightful aggression more productively, shall we, my dear Varan?’
Carnos and Sark were now at the Karish base. Core ordered Simune and Takos taken to their permabubble, and to their fury, they disabled their bracelets. They seethed while Core interrogated Carnos and Sark.
Core offered them refreshments. ‘I can’t prevent you from using your Hyclos crystals to escape; but as for your bracelet, Carnos - that is another matter.’ Carnos realised it ceased to work, and he shrugged. ‘Now it’s your turn to tell your stories. I’ve heard a version from Simune and Takos, but I want your side of the story. I believe you have a right to be informed of Simune’s actions.’ Carnos looked surprised. ‘He was acting on charges from Varan to confine you to interlamina for your supposed genetic tampering, but it was only to be for a short time,’ Core continued. ‘When he received these orders neither Takos nor Doella were present, and they had no idea he lied. Why he did so is another matter. Varan used the results of the changed programs, and Carnos was to be forgiven for his little “slip up.” Why did Simune keep you elsewhere for so long? Is it a case of earth-sickness?’
‘Doella,’ said Carnos, in a bitter voice.
‘This young woman can make normal men act in strange ways. You’ve been on the project for a long while, with infrequent trips home. Doella spends most of her time on-world I believe?’ asked Core.
‘Yes, she does,’ answered Carnos, knowing where these questions led.
‘And she has taken many human men to bed?’
‘Quite a few,’ Carnos admitted, becoming angry with Core and his assessment of Doella. He didn’t know her.
Core continued, noting Carnos’ reactions. ‘Young women are fond of taking lovers before settling to marriage, but Doella surpasses others in this, and few Varan have relations with humans.’ He studied Sark. ‘You too?’ Sark nodded. ‘Why?’ Core asked.

Sark answered as if speaking to himself. ‘She’s so alive inside; she gives you those feelings when she loves you. It’s as if experiencing a song, a flower budding, a warm sunny day, and much more besides - all at once.’
Core looked surprised. ‘I didn’t understand the Hyclos were poetic. We will reassess our data on your race.’ He turned to Carnos. ‘Simune and Takos think you and Doella are married.’
‘Yes, we were, but I forced her into it; she wasn’t ready, so I set her free.’
‘Even that behaviour is abnormal. I suppose you’re still having relations with her?’ Carnos nodded. ‘Both of you? I’ve done this task a long time but this is unusual. Varans can get wild when they get over-involved in their work, and occasionally a Varan may go mad - but nothing as enacted here. I can’t wait to meet the lady.’
‘Then help us find her,’ said Carnos. ‘Even Sark’s instruments cannot locate her.’
‘Neither of you is thinking clearly at the moment. I grant it could take a while. You are sure she’s still on this planet?’
‘We’d notice her leave,’ said Sark.
Core was silent for a while. Then one of his officers came in, and he gave instructions for them to start the search. He spoke to the two men sitting before him. ‘I have to ask your permission but I need to access your memories. I have no authority to force you. If you refuse, we will return to Varan. You too, Sark.’
‘We can communicate through Carnos. I am happy if he is,’ Sark replied. He turned to his friend, who nodded his agreement. They were both amenable to let this strange Karish inside their heads if it helped Doella.

Chapter 26
Doella didn’t realise how long she’d been with Wylar. He needed no sleep, and after they made love, he lay beside her, watching her as she slept. He gave her food and drink she liked; but as usual, she soon became bored and frustrated without her freedom.
‘Doella, what questions do you have about my race?’ He sensed her frustration.
Doella stared into the darkness, unable to concentrate on her Bas moves. His comment brought her back to reality; she had an inquisitive nature and now fascinated by his people and the reason he was here. She asked him what his home planet was like, and he projected a mental image for her. It was not an attractive world by her standards, a dark, fiery planet, full of flames and ice. Night and day were dark. The dragons lived in large caverns, seldom meeting. She found it ugly.
‘I take it you’d prefer to reside elsewhere,’ he said. Doella was wide-eyed with shock when she realised what this meant. ‘I told you, you make a lovely dragon, and with my help, you can stay as one for a long time. We don’t live together - too combative. Although you are feisty for a Varan, to me you appear very easy to settle with; and I enjoy the pleasures we have in this form.’ He read her mind. ‘No, I mean what I say. I am leaving soon.’
‘How?’
‘I have the means.’
He gave Doella time to consider his oblique proposal. She summoned up the courage to ask him, ‘What do dragons eat?’
‘Sometimes each other, if we have a successful fight. We go off-world to feed - there’s not much left on Zarn.’ ‘Don’t worry, Doella.’ She looked shocked at the scenes he showed her. ‘I do not intend to eat you. I’m fed up with Bas, aren’t you? Let’s go to bed again.’
He led a confused and terrified Doella across the room. ‘Dragon’s rarely mate so often. I find it most enjoyable. Perhaps we will stay in this form. Dragon mating takes much effort. It can be exhausting in the thin atmosphere. Learn dragon patience, Doella; when we are bored we slumber.’

Never a truer word spoken, thought Doella, the next time she emerged from sleep. Wylar’s lovemaking tired her, and sleep might be a release if it wasn’t for the terrifying dreams which plagued her, full of dragons, fire and darkness.
‘Never a truer word,’ she repeated, for Wylar was asleep beside her, not in dragon-form. Her first idea was to escape, but since her enhancers weren’t working, that would be difficult. It was even possible there was no means out. Instead, on impulse, she put her hands to Wylar’s head. He moved but did not wake. Doella’s heart beat fast with fear, and she dared not breathe. Using her native Varan powers, she entered his mind. It was over quickly.
Wylar stirred, and Doella buried deep in her unreadable psyche what she’d learned. The effort tired her, so she lay back on the pillows, and when he woke and turned to look at her, she appeared to be waking.
He turned over to reach for her, his eyes holding hers, those red-gold orbs so cold and empty, looking into hers so full of life.
‘Doella, I had a strange dream.’
She was now fighting for everything she held dear, and she said, ‘I’m sure they were not as alien as mine. I can’t get rid of those scenes you showed me of your planet.’
Doella looked away and tried to sit up, but he held her so she couldn’t move. He spoke into her ear, ‘I saw your world.’ She shivered. ‘Full of sun, green gardens and fortunate people.’
‘Dragon lunch, I suppose.’
Doella struggled, but Wylar still held her. She knew she must ease his suspicions and responded to his passion. For the first time in their lovemaking, Wylar took the passive role. He let his mind empty at the moment’s ecstasy. Doella heard. You are much too useful to eat. We need more Varan women on Zarn. I enjoy the pleasures this body gives me. He didn’t mention his dream again.
Core thought on Sark’s remembrances. They were unusual to a Varan and haunting. With regret, Core left his memories to concentrate on what he experienced with Doella. He smiled at her moods and the way she cajoled Sark into taking her to bed, but the images of their lovemaking disturbed him and he hurried through them.
Carnos’ recollections were more familiar, and although he’d broken laws he swore to uphold, Core much preferred him to Simune. He’d have liked to get into Simune’s mind, but without an excellent reason and permission from several elder Varan, it was impossible. And besides, he had no factual evidence, just an experienced hunch he lied. He ran through Sark’s memories before Doella’s disappearance and found them disturbing. Sark believed in the dragon - and unlike most of his race, he did too. He sent for him again.
‘So you’re sure a dragon is behind Doella’s disappearance, but you think she’s alive?’
‘I’d know if she were dead.’
Core nodded. ‘You have something else to tell me?’
‘Every Hyclos knows dragons from our childhood stories, and I retrieved information from the data banks in the Hyclos city. There is more, but I didn’t have time to go deeper.’
Core interrupted, ‘I’ll go with you.’
Using Core’s powers, a concealed Sark and the Karish soon arrived in the base. It was empty, for none of the so-called wizards came there. They headed for the nearest data point.
Although Core had seen the facility in Sark’s mind, in reality, he found it impressive. ‘In terms of technology, your people are very accomplished.’
‘But I prefer your social structure,’ the Hyclos admitted with a smile.
Core smiled back.

The added information they gained was interesting, but it cut off and they returned to the camp. Sark hoped the Karish commander wouldn’t leave him here when they left. Core needed Carnos to help him with the information they’d collected.
When he met with Carnos, Core surprised him by saying, ‘I’ll return the use of your bracelet.’
‘Thank you, it’s strange without it. I still have the crystal, but it’s as if my mind is being pushed out and I’m becoming a Hyclos,’ he joked. ‘Core, Takos is innocent; will you return his bracelet too?’
‘Not Simune?’ asked Core. Carnos shook his head.
‘I too think Takos will no longer help him.’

Simune felt Takos’ bracelet being reinstated and angry his was not.
‘So they trust you now, but not me,’ he said to his friend.
‘You have been deceiving everyone, including me, and you deceived Doella too. I know she instigated mating with you several times, but you ignored her. It makes little sense; you love her.’
‘You are a fool, Takos,’ he replied and turned away.
Takos left. As his bracelet was working, he assumed he was no longer a prisoner, and wanted to find out how they were progressing with locating Doella. He longed to see her again. He walked into Core’s permabubble and stopped short when he saw Carnos.
Carnos held his hand out to him. ‘I am sorry,’ he said.
Takos reached to touch his. ‘I am sorry too,’ he answered. ‘Neither of us should’ve tried to tie her, should we?’ He turned to Sark. ‘You are in love with her too?’
‘Yes,’ he replied.
‘This won’t be easy.’ Takos said.

Core observed and indicated Takos should join in their discussion.
‘I realise the lady likes her freedom; a lesson for you all. Now let’s concentrate on finding her, although she means trouble.’ He had important news. ‘We have found an area on this planet our sensors can’t penetrate. Only this sector, apart from the Hyclos city and Parsos’ castle, shows any variance with the usual planetary signature. This is where the dragon is keeping Doella. The technology is hard to decipher. You Sark, and you too Carnos, possess Hyclos knowledge and are technicians. Is there anything you have to help us get through the force field surrounding it?’
‘Perhaps,’ said Sark, going over the equipment in the Hyclo city base, and in his house.
‘Take my men and find whatever you need,’ Core instructed.
‘I’ll go too,’ insisted Takos.
‘I’d prefer to keep you away from Simune, but he may be of help. Are you willing he comes with us?’
‘Anything to get Doella back,’ answered Carnos. ‘We used to work together before this happened.’

Soon afterwards, a well-armed squad riffled the Hyclos city of everything they could use and then materialised in Parsos’ base.
He is here and using our technology, but isn’t very skilled, Sark said to Carnos, who passed this on to the Varan.
When Parsos felt their bubbles, he turned on the security system before they could reach him.
Gote, Core’s second in command, told Sark. ‘If we don’t kill him, we ought to secure him. He’s upsetting this world’s natural balance.’
‘I agree, he is very dangerous,’ Sark answered, ‘and mad. As my race did him a disservice by leaving him here alone, I should try to help him.’
Gote nodded. ‘If you can take him alive, he is yours.’ He instructed his men not to kill Parsos, but to capture him if possible.

Parsos took refuge in a room with only one entrance. He placed an energy barrier across it and used a dampening field to make their bubbles unstable. Parsos fired at them through his wall, but they could not return fire through it. He was angry Wylar was unavailable when he needed him. He could have penetrated the city with his help. It was the whore’s fault. Damn Wylar, and curse the whore.

Sark moved away from the others. He must reach central control. From there he could access everything and turn off security. The base was large, but Hyclos bases had a similar layout. Sark found what he was looking for, and it didn’t take him long to override the safety protocol and deactivate the system.
Parsos screamed in fury and fired at the Varan. But the Karish were skilled protagonists, and one of them stunned him. Sark secured him with prisoner cuffs, same as the ones he’d used on Doella. Parsos was strong and soon recovered; he lay there snarling in frustration like a wild animal.
‘Rather you than me,’ said Gote.
‘I can manage him; watch him for a moment.’ Sark found a medical laboratory and returned with a smooth metal helmet, which he placed, with difficulty, on Parsos’ head. ‘That should keep him quiet.’
They took the equipment, including the larger pieces too big to move the first time, and those they’d missed earlier. Parsos lay on the floor. He stopped growling and now smiled beatifically. His smile was even more disturbing than his snarling. When they returned to the Karish base, he still grinned.
‘Can’t you adjust the helmet?’ asked Core. ‘His smile is horrific.’
‘I wouldn’t recommend it until we are in a secure area,’ Sark answered. ‘His mind is powerful, and his madness makes him cunning in a way few Varans or Hyclos would understand.’
Core gave instructions the prisoner was to be placed in a permabubble with a guard. ‘Are you sure you can help him, Sark?’
He nodded. ‘I’m not medically trained, but I know what to look for. When Doella is safe, I’ll see what I have.’
‘Agreed,’ answered Core.

Chapter 27
It was difficult to prevent Wylar from finding out what she knew. He was a cunning antagonist, and she dared not give him the smallest hint she’d found out more than he told her. She used her best weapons; her charm and beauty, dazzling him and then suggesting she was shocked at her behaviour. Although she confused him, she did not allow herself to become overly confident. He was more intelligent than she was, but female dragons did not use Doella’s tactics to get what they wanted.
Her efforts tired Doella. Maintaining Wylar’s seduction was hard work. At last, he locked her in her room. Not worn out by Doella’s exertions, but to allow her to rest, and consider the confusion overwhelming him. Although Doella was exhausted, she had a plan to convert the food replicator into a weapon, or a scanner or communication device. She decided on the latter, as it was less easy to detect. She kept various utensils, not returning them to the machine at the end of the meal. Using the eating implements, she opened the unit, but her tiredness caused her concentration to falter, and it resembled no replicator she’d seen. Perhaps Wylar thought her food into existence. She concluded without sleep she couldn’t continue with her task or confuse the dragon, so she hid everything, replaced the cover, and lay on the bed to relax. She had to escape.

Wylar woke her. She’d not intended to sleep too long, as he might study her mind as she slept. Doella hoped she’d confused her thoughts, and he’d not entered her dreams while she was unaware. She sensed nothing new from him, but then again, she couldn’t read him unless he wanted her to see his ideas. It was possible he’d get an idea of her plans from her jumbled and frightening dreams.
He helped her up from the bed. She was afraid, and Wylar knew it.
‘Doella, I promise I will not eat you, I value your usefulness to me,’ he said with his usual grin; but those cold, empty eyes always belied his smile. She shivered with fear. ‘I won’t hurt you unless you try to run away. I’ll be angry if you do.’ Deep inside, where she hoped he couldn’t reach, she sensed renewed panic. Wylar knew something, but what? He left her alone.

She felt a sudden craving for a cup of coffee. Doella hadn’t had one since leaving her Earth, which seemed so long ago. With regret, she realised the replicator unit was programmed for Varan fare and disappointed. 
Wylar sensed this and returned. ‘Coffee, it will be Doella. I sense what your mind perceives of this drink.’ Without removing the panel, or touching any part of it, he said, ‘Ask for coffee.’ He interfaced with the machine.
There was a mug of steaming liquid, smelling like coffee and tasting good. She thanked Wylar and knew now the replicator wasn’t real - nothing here was.
‘How do you do that?’ she asked after her first sip.
‘We’ve been around far longer than you or the Hyclos and we don’t need tools to create objects - just our minds.’
Doella had worked this out already, but felt surprised. Wylar too was happy at the feelings of overwhelming admiration and underlying fear she constructed.
Core brought Simune into the war council. The Varan hadn’t made real war for a long time. With the Hyclos, they were the most advanced people in this sector. No one would consider challenging any race as established as they were. They had no use for races they considered inferior unless they created them, so they left others alone.
‘We know where she is. With Sark’s help and using the equipment we found, we’ve been able to map an area of negative energy.’ Core showed them a holographic picture of the cavern where Doella was being held. ‘There is a way in and out; you can see it here.’ He pointed to the entrance. ‘We can tell its signature is disguised, and that’s a hopeful sign, as we believe it’s to keep Doella from discovering it. We assume her bracelet and crystal are not working or she could locate it herself. Her friends tell me she’s still alive. I need your support to enable me to get her out of there. From what I’ve learned from Sark and the Hyclos data, dragons are formidable adversaries. They burn through our bubbles and force fields as if they do not exist, so we cannot go rushing in without being sure of success.’

Sark thought about how he might help. ‘Since my people are a long way from your space now, I do not consider it treason telling you we’ve devices to make our signatures undetectable. They copy the surrounding material so anyone scanning, or searching cannot locate us. The only drawback is you need absolute control over your mind - you cannot think or speak, as this will make you as good as visible. But they have never tested this device on dragons, and it may not work.’
The Karish were silent, but Core smiled. Takos and Carnos appeared to be friends again, and Simune accepted they must strive together if Doella was to be rescued. For the moment, he’d changed from his natural antagonism to become a useful member of the team. Core thought he was more dangerous when he kept his sentiments under strict control and buried deep. His success depended on how he read personalities and emotions, and Simune worried him. He too was under Doella’s spell, although he’d not admit it. Their common goal made them put the past behind, for now.
‘Where are the devices?’ asked Core.
‘Three are hidden in my home on Karth. The Hyclos usually don’t leave important technology.’
Core nodded. ‘Take Takos and Gote and two others.’
Sark brought his house into the present reality to enter and get what they needed. It impressed Gote - the Karish couldn’t force entry. They were soon back on Levos, with more than the three devices. Sark hadn’t time to look through everything they retrieved from the two bases. He hoped to recover the tools to restore his crystal to full use, and not given up hope he might detect it.

Now Core was to decide who’d work on the rescue attempt. He studied the men. 
‘Gote will go as my second in command.’ 
Sark nodded. He sensed he’d stay steady under pressure. 
‘Sark, your familiarity with the technology will help us, so you too. As for the third, I 
am unsure.’ 
He looked at each man again and sat while he considered his choices. Each of Doella’s old friends tried to remain relaxed, but the Karish showed little emotion.
‘Not you Takos.’ Takos opened his mouth as if to protest and then changed his mind. ‘You have a gentle disposition. I am not talking of your passion or valour, but whether you can injure or kill another, even for Doella. It is hard for any Varan to break our long-standing laws, but it’d be harder for you than for most. You Simune are too volatile. You suggest you’ve regained your discipline, but under pressure, this volatility returns, and you’d be a danger.’
Simune answered, controlling his anger. ‘I do not accept that. I am under control and you are wrong to exclude me from the rescue.’ Core turned to him, and an intimate communication went on between them. Simune lowered his head and was silent.
‘That leaves you, Carnos, my remaining Karish, and I.’ Then Core stared at Carnos. He knew Core wanted to enter his mind and he let him. Core closed his eyes in contemplation. ‘No, not you either.’ Simune looked triumphant. ‘Your passion for the lady is dangerous. You’ve behaved out of character for a Varan, and although you manage your temper better than Simune, you might take risks.’
He let Carnos speak. ‘If I can’t go, then why can Sark? He loves her too.’
Core observed Simune’s reaction to the piece of news. His anger surfaced again for a moment before he regained his supposed control. He knew Simune was a problem and tempted to send him to his Varos base. But decided if he drew out the man’s true personality, he’d do Varan a favour; it was better to monitor him, rather than have him plot behind his back.
‘I will go,’ he said.
For once, the other Karish showed surprise.
‘No Core, it’s too dangerous. You must stay our leader, and you might die,’ said Gote.
‘I intend to remain alive Gote, and as we have to keep our minds and bodies under control, I am better than the rest of you.’ He smiled at the secret joke between him and the other Karish. The others remained silent.
Carnos helped Sark prime the bracelet enhancers, which disguised their signatures, while Sark kept looking for a device to bring back his crystal. He found one; it was at the bottom of a storage crate with an odd assortment of devices, forgotten in a hurried departure. He returned to his friend in triumph, and before long, with Carnos’ help, he restored his crystal. It affected the strength of Carnos’ bracelet, and the extra power jolted him too.
‘Sark you must’ve missed this, it’s affecting my crystal as well. Couldn’t you try using one of the crystals you gave to me and Doella?’
‘It wouldn’t work,’ he said. ‘It’s been difficult. I functioned well, but I missed the extra energy I needed to travel between. I always felt incomplete. The new one would perform the same as the old. We Hyclos think of everything, just as you do. Now I’m returned to full power, I’m able to take on the dragon.’
‘And win?’
‘No, but I might put a dent in him.’ It was their turn to laugh.
Carnos then asked. ‘Why is he keeping her alive? I can’t understand it.’
‘Doella is cunning; she may have interested him.’
Carnos shook his head. ‘Please be careful, my friend, and bring Doella back.’
Sark smiled in reply, understanding Carnos’ frustration at being left out of the rescue party.
He took the bracelets to Core and Gote and explained how to use them. They practised keeping their minds empty - and soon were ready to leave.
They transported to the cavern entrance. The surrounding landscape was covered with sharp, black rocks. It was cold and inhospitable; no living creatures of any kind lived here. Two Karish were there to render help if need be. They were instructed to keep their minds empty, and if they must communicate, it was to be in sign language. They shut all power off, and the two men waiting outside were in for a cold and uncomfortable vigil.
They entered the gaping black hole at the entrance to the cave. Its walls were shiny and smooth like polished coal. It was high and wide, and although the floor was uneven and in places covered with sharp rocks, it was easy enough to navigate. No other tunnels branched off the main one, which the dragon made. They eased down the steep incline.

Chapter 28
Wylar sat in a chair as he watched Doella do ancient harem moves she learned long ago. She added her movements to increase its sexuality, her hands moving seductively over her body, bells tinkling on her wrists and ankles. It mesmerised Wylar. He raised his head but sensed nothing as he continued watching Doella’s wild movements. For a moment, it was if she gained domination over him, but the thought dissipated as his lust took control.

Sark and the others reached the barrier as Doella’s dance ended. It took a lot of control for them not to betray their position by registering any emotion at Doella’s moves, even when Wylar pulled her on to his knee and kissed her. Sark was ready to use the energy reverter to collapse the force field when the time was right, but in the meantime, he was forced to endure without emotion the sight of Wylar kissing and caressing Doella. She said something and got off him. He yelled for her to hurry back. Doella ran into her tent.
‘Now!’ shouted Sark.
The screen went down and they rushed in together. Core moved in Doella’s direction, and she was soon out of her room and following him to the break in the force field. Surprised, Wylar took a few seconds to react. As they arrived at the breach, he changed into his true form. He was a tremendous sight; his immense body filled the cavern, his black and gold-tipped scales glistened in the meagre light.
Just as they approached the opening, he shot a mighty jet of flame at them. Sark threw up a force field, and it buckled in the heat. Gote suffered horrific burns from the fire overlapping the edge of the field, but they kept on running. They felt a ball of super-heated flame coming towards them and jumped interlamina in time. They found themselves at the temporary Karish base. The dismantled camp was almost empty, returned to Varos on Doella’s Earth.
Doella said to Core, We have to get away. I have important information. Wylar must not take me. She clutched at him, her eyes wild.

They looked up and saw the dragon advancing at tremendous speed. His enormous wingspan cloaked the ground with shadow as he flew closer.
Doella heard him scream in her mind. Doella, Doella, don’t go. I won’t hurt you.
As he neared them, he blew out flame again - this time as a warning. She could sense his anger - a new emotion to her; it was relentlessly cold. She shivered. Core took control, and they were back at Varos base.
‘He won’t come here,’ said Doella.

Sark supported Gote, who was in severe difficulties. The dragon fire, which began as small droplets on his skin, spread over one arm and leg, his cheek, and ear. He was in agony. Simune waited for them with Coss and Creel, and the latter two took Gote for treatment for his burns.
Core was still holding onto Doella, who clutched at him, although she was uncertain who he was. Simune led the way to Doella’s rooms, and Sark followed. When Doella reached her apartments, she let go of Core. She hadn’t registered Simune’s presence.
‘Why won’t he follow us here, Doella?’ asked Core.
‘He doesn’t want to play his hand just yet.’ She sat down in a comfortable chair and lay back with her eyes closed for a few moments. ‘I don’t think he knows I read his mind while he was asleep, but I’m not sure. I hid it well.’
Sark brought a goblet of wine handed to him by Coss and held it to her lips. They stayed silent as she recovered.
Then Sark removed the clinking bracelets. ‘Doella, come to your pool.’ He helped her up and led her there. Sark indicated Core should follow, but ignored Simune. Carnos then entered and followed them too. Angry Simune left.
Doella relaxed in her pool. Although anxious to hear what she had to say, they allowed her time to recover from her ordeal. The days of entertaining Wylar and keeping her thoughts controlled exhausted her. She lay under the water her eyes closed. It was only for a few moments, to the others it seemed like hours.
Doella came to the surface; brushed water away, smoothed her hair back, then sat up and studied Core. ‘Perhaps you should introduce yourself now.’
Core smiled at the polite and proper woman. ‘I am Core, a coordinating officer with the Karish.’ He gave a slight bow.
‘I am Doella, anthropologist and daughter of Xast and Prirella. I give you leave to read my mind, Core.’ Core looked surprised - Varan kept their concerns to themselves; to offer her thoughts to a Karish, a member of a shadowy government department was unheard of. ‘It is important.’ She sensed his surprise. ‘Just you, Core. I’d like to tell you two alone.’ She glanced at Sark and Carnos.

Core touched Doella’s head to make contact easier. She closed her eyes and relaxed, and the transfer was soon complete. Core found a seat and sat down, his shoulders hunched.
Carnos and Sark were worried, but she’d put her head under the water again. When she surfaced, she spoke to Core, still in the same position. ‘Please Core, tell the authorities what I found out; they will need to prepare.’
Core was again the Karish coordinator. He got up and knelt at the edge of the pool, close to Doella. She held out her hand and he took it.
‘Doella,’ he said, attempting a smile, ‘if anthropology ever becomes too tame a pastime for you, please ask to see me. I can offer you a position; you would be a perfect candidate.’ He stood up and gave Sark and Carnos a formal bow before leaving the room.

‘Sark, this news will upset you; it concerns your people. Why don’t you both join me here in the warm water and I’ll thought transfer,’ Doella said.
After doing so, she heard a gasp from Sark and turned to look at him. ‘I am sorry, but at least we know why you were left behind on Karth. Lie here for a moment and I’ll organise clean clothes for you.’ Drying off under an air stream, she found a robe and mind called Coss to bring larger ones for the others. Coss brought in more wine and food and left it for them. She smiled at him as he arrived with the gowns. He smiled back but didn’t ask questions.
‘Coss brought these; they are yours, Carnos. I’m afraid they’ll be short on you, Sark, but I’m sure Coss will arrange something to fit.’
She turned to pour wine for them and found hidden between the glasses a tiny bottle of the fiery cordial which warmed Varan physiology. She wondered who sent it. They banned the cordial, not only in Varos bases but also in public areas; but just now it was welcome. She poured them a small amount into the tiny glasses they used for it and waited.
Sark came first and sat beside her. She felt his despair mingled with hope. His people left their home for good reason.
Carnos looked at Sark with kindness and understanding, and as he accepted the drink from Doella, he said. ‘I am sorry, my friend; but it answers those questions you’ve asked for so long.’
Sark agreed. ‘Yes, it does, and in a way, now I am stronger it lessens my anger and confusion. But we have a tough fight coming, haven’t we?’

Carnos turned to Doella. ‘You were brave in the cave with Wylar, I am proud of you.’
‘I am not,’ she disagreed. ‘You know what I am; I have to admit he intrigued me and the danger was enticing. Core is right; I would make a suitable candidate for the Karish. I don’t understand why Wylar kept me with him for so long, or what he intended to do with me. He said he enjoyed our pleasures and wouldn’t hurt me, but I was too scared to believe him.’ Doella felt a return of the panic she fought so hard to control and gulped down her cordial.
‘The old stories say dragons cannot love,’ said Sark, ‘but they also say love and lust are similar emotions,’
Doella nodded. ‘Yes, it was lust, and on my part too. I am sorry, I’m always hurting one of you, and now I’ve hurt both of you. Carnos, I know I could never settle to be a Varan matron, I would go mad with the sameness of life.’ She lowered her eyes.
He answered, ‘It’s that I find so appealing about you. Many Varans must be bored with their older lives after their youth off-world.’
She looked at him and smiled. ‘I have always wondered… not everyone.’ She thought of her happy parents. ‘What about you, Sark, will you stay?’
He nodded. Doella reached out to them and they joined hands. Doella and Carnos tried to help him compose his jumbled thoughts.
Sark broke the circle. ‘At least we know many of my people escaped, and although they fled to the other end of the galaxy, I may discover them…?’

Doella hoped not, but how would the authorities deal with him? She spoke again, almost whispering to herself. ‘I grew suspicious when he mentioned they ate other animals, and there were none left on Zarn. That’s when I knew I must find out, but I was frightened. When he fell asleep beside me, I had to take the risk and get into his mind. There would be no second chance. He didn’t sleep often, and when he returned to his shape locked me in my room. I understand how we change into false-dragons - the synthetic energy matrix expands our molecules, filling in the gaps - but for a dragon to be hominid? I thought it was impossible, but I realised they were lightweight for all their bulk. If I did not have the strength and density of a Varan, he would have injured me, but he left residual energy in my enhancers to help me. Then I realised he could contract his matrix in the opposite way to how we expand ours. But what scares me is, although he can do this without technology, which is terrifying enough, he creates altered energies - matter from simple energy, without a replicator or a hologram. That’s when I realised trying to adjust the replicator in my tent would never work. I was desperate.’
‘They are an ancient race,’ said Sark, ‘They have many times our race’s existence to perfect their abilities. Perhaps in time, we’ll do the same.’

The others nodded, and Doella continued. ‘You saw his home planet, how ugly it was, and how they ate everything on the surrounding worlds, leaving them as ravaged as their own? There was no more food, even in the deep lamina worlds. There were Hyclos close, and the only difference between them and the other planets was the Hyclos were intelligent and advanced. But the dragons are stronger. Hyclos technology faltered; your people took to the stars, Sark, taking with them whatever they could salvage.’ Through Doella, they could see the once beautiful Hyclo, smoking, ruined, - burnt beyond recovery. They were silent for a while before Doella broke the heavy silence. ‘And Varan is only a few light-years away, and they need to feed again soon. Thank fate they don’t swarm often, or we too would have left a smoking world a long time ago. Besides, their choice of Hyclo had another reason behind it. They believe of all the races in this sector, only the Varan and Hyclos have any hope of stopping them, so, we are the next logical target.’ Doella suppressed her hysteria by speaking softly. ‘And so it will go on until they have used up this entire galaxy, and all the sub-lamina worlds; my Earth, and all the Varan and Hyclos worlds everywhere. Those spaceships of theirs, constructed around them as they fly, like a huge single-celled animal. Capable of such fast speeds, and with the ability to move between time and realities quickly. It’s overwhelming. I wonder if we can stop them, but for the sake of all life, we must.’

Exhausted by the emotional stress, they fell asleep on one of Doella’s beds, a huge four-poster brought back from one of her sojourns on Earth. Doella lay between them, but none of them was in the mood for anything but sleep. It was hard for them to find rest until exhaustion granted them oblivion.
They woke up, and without conversation went to seek not only their fates but also the awful question of the dragon threat. Doella was reluctant to leave the safety and security of her rooms. She smiled and took a deep breath before she led the others to the main room.

Chapter 29
The main room was unrecognisable. It had expanded into an adjacent area, and was full of Varan working on their specialities. Doella saw Takos in one of these groups and he smiled at her. She left the others to speak to him. He held out his hands to her and they hugged each other.
‘Doella,’ he whispered, ‘I’m sorry. I didn’t realise you were unhappy with me.’
‘I wasn’t, Takos, I did and do love you; but I’m not a woman a man should marry.’
Simune moved closer, but Doella made no move to greet him in the same way she had Takos, but took his hand when he held his out to her.
‘I am glad you are safe, Doella.’
‘Thank you for your efforts, Simune. Without your perseverance, we’d never have discovered what was planned for us.’ He still held her hand and Doella pulled it away. ‘Please excuse me,’ she apologised. ‘I believe I’m in trouble.’
‘We all are,’ agreed Takos.

A man she did not recognise talked to Sark and Carnos and led them into another room. It too was enlarged, and inside three elders and seven Varan, she recognised from nearby bases sat at a long table. The usual formal introductions took place. Then the elder woman, Sarilla, spoke first.
‘Thank you for your efforts, Doella; that was a terrifying ordeal. We are not used to dealing with such situations. You coped well. I must ask, however, if you can endure one more trial. We need to access those dragon memories. When you receive a large amount of information this fast, much is lost beneath your immediate recollection. We’d prefer to retrieve everything.’
‘Yes,’ Doella agreed without hesitation, although the procedure was unpleasant.

The door opened and Core entered. He sat by Sarilla, who carried on speaking.
‘Doella, we have been told of your bravery by Core, and after discussing the matter with him, the Council has decided not to punish you. He has indicated a woman without your particular qualities wouldn’t have coped. However, if we survive this, I suggest counselling to overcome your “human tendencies.” Or, as Core has implied, you may join the Karish, where they’d value your unusual abilities.’
Doella was more than surprised. Sarilla spoke to her as an equal, which she hadn’t expected. She thanked the elders for their leniency. She had no wish to be politely sent away. She still had a part to play, and her time with Wylar wasn’t finished. Sensing Sarilla’s sympathy, she addressed her.
‘Sarilla, they teach us to discourage premonitions and seeing into the future, but my time with the dragon isn’t finished…’ Doella stopped speaking. From an unknown external force, a vision came into her mind. The Varan and Sark shared it.
She walked on soft, springy, pink, and red grasses, to a tall windowless obelisk. It soared into the atmosphere. This sky was violet-blue, and the clouds tinged with pink, violet, and yellow. Doella moved to search the terrain; they saw the same flat landscape for miles in every direction. A fringe of snow-capped mountains wrapped the vast, grass-filled valley. Doella turned back to the tower. The land sloped up toward the obelisk, and she walked until she arrived at the smooth, golden door, stark and vivid against the bronze colour of the tower walls. She touched it, it opened, and she entered. She saw a milky-coloured atmosphere but was standing on solid ground. Then a brilliant light came towards her.
The vision ceased, and everyone was silent with shock. As Doella said, they discouraged premonitions; any Varan with such fancies kept them well hidden from others. They were a technical race, and they shunned matters, which couldn’t be rationally explained. Doella’s strange dream at this crucial point left them struggling with their preconceptions, - everyone except Sark.

They realised it was not Doella’s doing, and recognised there was another presence at work here.
Sark spoke. ‘Varan elders, the Gods speak to Doella.’
Everyone looked at Sark, most frowned.
Tyis said, ‘I heard Hyclos still believed in a higher power, but we Varan do not.’
Sarilla wasn’t so intransigent. ‘Doella, what happened? Someone unknown communicated with you.’
Doella was unhappy the vision was gone. She felt cheated of something wonderful, but a determination to find the tower replaced it. She understood where to look.
‘Carthis System,’ she said in reply.

Now everyone in the room communicated ad hoc, both verbally and mentally. Both noises were deafening. It was more than Doella could bear. Since the vision, her senses were heightened, and she couldn’t stand the bombardment. Sark was the only one who sensed this. He could only receive mental messages from the other Varan if they both concentrated. He lifted Doella and carried her back to the peace of her quarters, away from the noise. Placing her on the bed, he dimmed the lights and left her to sleep while he returned to the meeting. 

They restored order, although many looked puzzled.
‘We’ll hear your story now, Sark,’ said Bros, the third elder. ‘Sarilla is right, we mustn’t close our minds, or we may go the same way your people did.’
‘They are only legends; I have no proof.’ Sark paused and studied them to assess their reactions. Sark’s voice was soft, which compelled silence so everyone heard him. 
‘On Hyclo.’ He was silent for a moment, remembering Hyclo was no more. ‘We believe there are higher beings than Varan or Hyclos. Our two races have existed for much longer before we have recorded data. We had written stories long before data records, and before verbal tradition, just as you did. The first books are gone, but we have facsimiles, and you can look at the original pages on our data system.’
Carnos was the only one able to understand what Sark saw, and transmitted it to the others. Pages of a fragile book, old when copied for the then primitive data scheme. The archaic network showed images as two-dimensional.

The Varan were unfamiliar with the old Hyclos script, so Sark gave them his version of the story. ‘“Long ago, the Gods came to seed the galaxy with the beginnings of life. This life would prevail and last far beyond their time.” We believed this seed was not just Hyclos, but Varan too.’
Carnos realised most disbelieved Sark’s messages, and he urged them to listen. ‘Our existence may depend on his words. The Hyclos are wise; wiser than we, who close our minds.’ His comments were earnest, and the Varan agreed.
‘“The Gods took the most promising of the basic life form and changed it over time to resemble themselves. When they were happy the children of their heart could survive alone, they left to look for new worlds and other times; travelling forever to search for fresh places to start life.”’  Sark stopped for a moment. ‘There are other stories too, ones which mention dragons; but alluded to as fire demons. “The Gods banished them to another place far away from their progeny, so their offspring could grow in harmony.” It looks as if they have returned and are disturbing our tranquillity again.’

Carnos sensed a variety of reactions to Sark’s story. Core listened to it. He knew more than he admitted, but he urged the others to listen to Sark without referring to his own experiences. ‘We can’t dismiss the Hyclos stories as fables, or untrue,’ Core said. ‘Think of the myths told about us, the worlds we know. We have so much data on it, and isn’t there truth in those fables and fairy tales? Because of my occupation, I realise nothing is simple. As Carnos says, we must not close our minds or we’ll go the way of the Hyclos, and our beautiful Varan will be destroyed.’

Core’s words had a positive effect, and although there was much scepticism and incredulous disbelief that the Varan and Hyclos were created by the same gods. Everyone but the most stubborn accepted the stories could have a basis in truth. Sarilla waited until they restored formality before continuing.
‘Please, get back to work. Many more specialists are on their way here to support us, so let’s consider Sark’s words and how we might use them to help us.’
She then asked Core, Carnos, and Sark to stay with the councillors, while the rest left.

Sarilla was the most open-minded of the three, elder Varan, and she inquired what they made of Doella’s vision. ‘Inform us what you make of Doella’s manifestation,’ she said. ‘I agree something communicated with her. Has this ever happened to her?’ Sark and Carnos both shook their heads. ‘You have more experience than us,’ she continued. ‘Although they call us “elders,” our experiences have their limitations. Core, you are a mainstay of our race; what are your thoughts?’
‘I must support Varan continuity, but conformity and closed thinking will not help now. Varan should make a new start, if the alternative is we die, or become scattered as the Hyclos have, because of our inability to change.’
Core’s speech had a profound effect on the elders because of his status.
Tyis nodded, and then said, ‘I am one of those who’d prefer everything to stay the same, but I can’t dismiss the wisdom of your words.’
Bros agreed. ‘I urge we work with Doella’s instincts and set off for Carthis as soon as we have retrieved her subliminal memories. Sark and Carnos, would you be willing to go with her?’ They both nodded. ‘Core, you will be in charge of the expedition.’

Core left her friends to prepare Doella for the journey, while he arranged his crew. They found Takos sitting by Doella’s bed, holding her hand and talking to her.
She smiled when she saw them. ‘I suppose they want my thoughts now?’
‘Yes, Sarilla suggested they do it here in your quarters, it will be less stressful,’ suggested Carnos.
‘Tell them to hurry, please. I’m not good at waiting, and it’s worse if they are unpleasant.’
Carnos smiled at Doella’s words. He left to say she was ready.
Sark took her proffered hand. ‘Thank you, Sark,’ she said. ‘Your words are connected to my vision. As if I’m taking part in a strange play, but this is the first time I’ve had communication, and I’m afraid because I don’t know how it will end.’ Sark sat on the bed next to Takos. ‘Where is Simune, I was very cool to him?’
Takos concealed his feelings. ‘I’ll get him before the elders arrive.’ He kissed her hand.

When he left, Sark drew closer to her. ‘Doella, do you love Takos too?’
‘Yes,’ she replied, watching his reaction, ‘but it doesn’t change the way I feel for you and Carnos. I care for you in different ways. I love Takos because of our long friendship; we were children together, and we did our off-world training at the same time. His gentleness is soothing. I love Carnos for his ability to get on and do things; his energy and drive and the deepness of his passion for me. And you because…’ she paused for a moment, ‘because we are bound. As if we are opposite parts of a puzzle, only solved when placed together. Without you, part of me is incomplete.’
‘And Simune?’
Doella looked puzzled. ‘He’s a friend; we’ve never been close. When I suggested more than friendship, as any woman should in the circumstances, he refused me. I think he is a cold fish, but odd he has not been here to lecture me.’

Then Takos returned with Simune. Doella held out her hand to him; he ignored it and kept his distance. Sark left with the excuse he’d find out what was happening.
‘How are you, Doella?’ Simune asked.
‘Well now, thank you. But I’m not looking forward to the probe. They say it can make you disorientated afterwards. How is Gote recovering?’
‘They stopped the burns from spreading, and will soon have him back to normal.’
‘And Parsos?’ she inquired, trying to keep her voice light.
‘He’s still in the stasis helmet. Because of the current crisis, we haven’t had time to help him further.’

Now the small talk was over, Doella studied him. Simune, I am not a fool. Why does everyone around me try to hide what they are thinking when it concerns you? 
Simune was torn between telling her the truth or concealing it from her, but frightened of her rejection, as there were so many men laying claim to her affections. He thought with anger of Wylar.
For a moment, his control slipped, and she noticed. Simune, tell me.
Simune gave nothing else away; he looked at her with an expression she could not fathom. Before he could think of an answer, the elders arrived, accompanied by Sark and Carnos. Takos followed. Simune made a quick excuse and left. Doella’s friends suppressed their opinions.
The procedure was soon over, and not as unpleasant as she’d feared. She experienced a falling sensation and was nauseous. They removed the transfer disc from her forehead.
‘You will recover,’ said Tyis.
Everyone in the room saw the complete memories; Doella’s original grasp of Wylar’s plans was very acute.
‘So I was right, they are planning to attack Varan when their eggs incubate and they need food for their young.’

They remained silent as Bros thanked Doella. ‘The extra data has been invaluable, thank you. I hope you have no after-effects?’
‘No, Bros, I am fine; it wasn’t as unpleasant as expected.’
‘We only have two months before the eggs hatch; we must go to Carthis as soon as possible,’ said Carnos, grim-faced.
‘It would take six months to evacuate Varan, and move the population to safety. If we are selective as to whom we choose, the rest will panic,’ Bros sounded weary.
‘It’s a dilemma,’ said Tyis.
Sark remained silent throughout the discussion, but then he said, ‘Unless we prevent the eggs from hatching.’
Everyone looked at him.
‘How?’ asked Sarilla.
‘Destroy them.’ Sark said. It seemed too simple.

Chapter 30
‘I understand what you’re suggesting, but how?’ Carnos asked.
‘We will find a way,’ insisted Sark.
‘But friend, they’ll annihilate us for destroying their eggs.’ Carnos was becoming exasperated.
‘You saw Wylar’s memories. There are only twenty full-grown dragons on Zarn at present. They’re trying to set up a base in this sector again. If we don’t check them now, they’ll destroy everything within their feeding range, not just in one zone, but in every dimension. We have to stop them.’ Sark was determined.
‘Varan and Hyclos are in the same location as this Earth, it will be in danger too. We could send our people to other planets in lamina. Instead of moving them to other worlds in this dimension,’ Bros mused, but he shook his head as he spoke. ‘No,’ he continued, ‘as we decided; it would give us a brief respite before the inevitable happened, but it’s better than doing nothing. We should resist them.’

Like Bros, everyone tried to think of a solution, but none came. They might crush the eggs, but they couldn’t destroy fully grown dragons, and that left twenty vengeful, hungry creatures to combat. That number could decimate Varan in a few days.
‘The problem,’ said Sark, echoing what everyone thought, ‘is we have lived in peace for so long, we no longer have weapons capable of destroying a dragon? We might develop something powerful enough, but there isn’t time.’
‘Our engineers are working on a solution, but even though we still have the knowledge, we don’t have the raw materials we once did.’ Tyis told the truth, but it didn’t help.
There was a silence, and then Sarilla broke it. ‘A suitable space vessel will arrive. You’d better prepare.’
Bros gave a brief smile. ‘The humans on this planet may register strange readings on their primitive instruments. We’ve never arrived on any Earth in such force.’ His face lost his smile and was replaced by despair.
Sark helped Doella to pack. Carnos replicated suitable clothing for him, and was sorting through the Hyclos technology.
‘Sark, we didn’t fix the weather controller,’ said Doella out of the blue, ‘and we don’t have time to go back.’
‘When Core and I were in the city, I checked on it; it won’t run out of fuel for several years. I vow if we live through this, my beloved, I’ll make sure your king doesn’t freeze.’
‘Thank you. We must promise, Carnos too, if any of us survives this, they will travel back to Levos and fix it. I wonder what happened to Parsos’ army?’ Sark couldn’t answer. She rested on the bed and watched him pack. ‘Sark, tell me what’s going on between Simune and the rest of you.’ He stopped what he was doing, but looked away. ‘Sark, look at me,’ she insisted.
He did as she asked, sat next to her, and took her hands in his large ones.
‘Simune is as besotted with you as we are, but, and I can understand his reasoning, he doesn’t want to share you. He bides his time and intends to win you. That makes him dangerous.’
Doella looked puzzled.
‘You must be wrong. I offered sex with him many times but he constantly said no. I assumed it was in respect for Takos’ emotions because they’re such good friends. I felt he wanted me, but had more control over his senses than most. A little cold.’
‘Doella, we believe he wants you and won’t share. He’s not worried about me; he can’t imagine you’d stay with me because I’m a Hyclos. But as for Takos and Carnos, he’d prefer it if they were no longer rivals for your affections.’
‘That’s ridiculous, Sark, you must be mistaken,’ she repeated.
‘Can we all be wrong? Core too has suspicions, and why else did Simune keep Carnos so long between without authority. Why did he chase you if he was just a friend? Now he has to be wary, his plans are under scrutiny. But we too must be careful, and it doesn’t help he is coming to Carthis.’
‘Why are we taking him, if his movements are suspect?’
‘Core wants to monitor him, and there’s a shortage of navigators. He is well qualified - he was a pilot before he changed to Earth Forming. Few men have his skills, and because of his past operations, he is disposable. We are expendable, even Core.’
In her mind, Doella thought on the times she’d tried to seduce Simune, either from boredom or later, from mischief. ‘It annoyed me when he refused, Sark.’
‘I don’t expect it happens often. He studied your character. He is trying to pique you by his refusal.’
‘It didn’t work, did it? I just found someone else instead.’
Sark agreed. ‘He miscalculated your staying power.’
Doella grabbed the nearest cushion and threw it at him, pretending to be angry.
The chosen crew was soon aboard the allotted space vehicle. Core was the leader; and Simune the chief navigator. Another six Karish were on board with Takos, Carnos, Sark, and Doella.
The Carthis system was a long way. Even with the ability to jump into interspace, or a large interlamina, it would take a week to get there. The ship was small - the larger ones on standby to help in the evacuation of Varan. Doella was given the only single cabin, which was cramped. The others slept in a dormitory. Space was limited as they filled the storage areas with equipment Carnos and Sark agreed might be useful. The mess room couldn’t hold everyone, and meetings extended into the crowded corridor. Core scheduled times to eat and relax. After the drop into interspace, there was little to do.

It wasn’t long before it bored Doella. She gazed into the greyness of the void. She was on the roster to relax, but the more she tried to rest, the more she tossed and turned. Carnos or Sark didn’t come to her, and she understood why. It was a small ship and overcrowded, and they’d sense intimacy. She decided to go to the mess for a brew.
Takos was there. He stood up when she entered, she smiled at him before making herself a drink and took the seat opposite. As she drank, she glanced over the edge of the cup at her old friend and lover. Although they’d been alone together since Varos, now there was an uneasy silence between them. Takos was embarrassed and glanced away, but their eyes met and he responded to her. They talked about what they might find at Carthis.
Doella reached for his hand and changed the conversation. ‘I didn’t mean to hurt you. You are still my oldest and dearest friend, but no matter how fond I am of you, we shouldn’t marry.’ Takos swallowed hard and nodded. ‘It’s for the best. I shouldn’t wed anyone; I’m not right for it.’ He looked away again. ‘It’s not just you, Takos; I don’t want to marry anybody.’
‘And Carnos?’ he asked.
‘I love him too, but we tested a marriage.’ She observed his reaction. ‘Our minds have always been close Takos. I agreed to it because I…’ she stopped and went to make herself another drink at the replicator. Then she turned to Takos, who watched her. She tried to continue, ‘I owe you an explanation, but I don’t understand it myself. Yes, I do. I’ll admit the truth to you and myself. It was lust, and I enjoyed it, but when I thought about what marriage meant, I didn’t want one man, especially after Sark. I found him intriguing and unobtainable - so alien.’ She sighed with the pleasure of her seduction of Sark, and Takos saw those memories. ‘That’s when I understood I couldn’t be happy married to either you or Carnos. I’m not a good Varan woman. I’ve said that many times, but I’d die inside if I lived that life. They are right, my time on Earth has affected me and I’ll never be the same, nor do I wish to be. Takos, I am sorry if I have hurt you.’
He got up, she put out her hands to him and then pulled him close, and they held each other in silence. Doella lifted her head to look at him and they kissed. They agreed, although they’d stay friends, they were no longer lovers.

Simune, after playing games with Doella for so long, couldn’t tell her how he felt. But he was alone when Doella came to relieve him of his watch in the control room. They hadn’t spoken to each other since the unsatisfying talk in her quarters.
Simune said as he moved. ‘Takos is welcomed back, but I am a friend?’ It wasn’t what he meant to say, or how he intended it to sound. Now Doella resumed the conversation where they left it.
‘If you wanted me, I gave you every opportunity to reciprocate.’
Simune was about to answer her when Core came in to speak to Doella. He left.
‘Doella,’ Core whispered, ‘Might it be a good idea to take that one to bed. We’d be secure if he was more relaxed.’
She replied, ‘What about you?’
Core was too experienced a Karish officer to be embarrassed by Doella’s half-expressed offer, even though they knew if he responded she’d make love to him.
He laughed instead and said, ‘I’m too old and wise to get embroiled in your relationship affairs, my dear. Besides, we need to concentrate on the task at hand. I will take you up on your kind offer later.’ She was not afraid of him, and he liked that. Their friendship and understanding of each other was growing, and when she turned to him and saw the humour in his eyes, she joined in his laughter.

Simune was still outside and heard everything. He did not enter the dormitory, but after taking refreshment in the now crowded mess hall, went to Doella’s cabin to wait until she’d finished her watch.

Doella and Core continued their conversation. He told her the latest news from Varan, after which there was little else to do but wonder what might happen if they failed. Then there was the comfortable silence of friends until Core broke it.
‘Doella, we encourage young men and women to have lovers before marriage, but one at a time. Your life is far more complicated. What will you do when you have to choose?’
‘I make no secret of my wish to stay unmarried. I told them not to expect it of me. Maybe I’ll take you up on your offer to join the Karish when they leave me.’
‘You mean when they realise you won’t marry any of them.’
She turned to him again and smiled. ‘We haven’t known each other long, but you know me well; better in many respects than any of them, except for Sark. I don’t have any idea what the future holds, and right now it’s not good for any of us. There may be no more comfortable, boring lives on Varan, the planet we love. It doesn’t matter that existence isn’t for me, you realise how important it should remain my home. More than my fate, the life I disdain so much must continue. Without my home and knowing my family is still there… the loss would be unbearable.’
‘There’s no need to explain. You’re not as selfish as you first appear. If we survive what will happen, you must decide what you do for the rest of your life. Remember, Varans are monogamous once married, and as you’ve proved, you are still a Varan.’
‘Don’t ask me to consider it now; the future is so uncertain.’

Core, in a gesture out of character, put his hand on Doella’s shoulder and they both gazed with empty minds out of the window into the greyness of the void. They spent the rest of her duty in silence, and Core sent her away early. He was serious about recruiting her, and Carnos too. The numbers of men and women marrying were decreasing, but most didn’t want to join the sinister and secretive Karish. They preferred the conformity of Varan life. Doella was rare and beautiful, and she’d persuade those under scrutiny to give away their secrets for her love. And she would use her skills for pleasure as long as she was in control. The more he considered it, the more he was determined to persuade her to enlist. He dismissed sleeping with her, as he rarely let down his guard.
It surprised Doella to see Simune lying on her bed, she was uncertain what to do, and he sensed it.
‘Our leader told you to relieve my tension?’ he said in a shaking voice. ‘Well, I am ready. Make me docile and behave as a good Varan.’
She didn’t love him, and it was too late. He realised this, Doella saw his anger and a buried need. He’d bottled up his feelings for her for so long. When she’d returned from temporary leave on Varan with her new colleague, Takos, he’d continued to hope. Until she agreed to enter an official bonding with him. Then he altered and became more aloof. She noticed he’d changed, and asked him to sleep with her, but his pride wouldn’t let him, even though he wanted her. On his infrequent visits back to Varan, he didn’t need anyone else either. He hated her for the hold she had over him. He let her sense this. It wasn’t a wise decision. Doella didn’t move from the doorway.
‘I’m sorry your feelings are so strong, but if you allowed me to make love to you when I suggested your problems would be less.’ She observed his desire reached madness as he leapt off the bed and pushed past her. He heard Doella in his mind telling him he’d been a fool, and agreed with her.
Doella wished she could run away and forget not only her responsibilities, but the relationships she didn’t want. For a moment, she doubted their reasons for going to Carthis. Then something touched her, so gently it was almost a caress; everyone else sensed it too. Hope returned; and with it came the belief they’d find help.

Chapter 31
Doella guided them to their goal. The planet of her vision appeared pink, even from orbit. Light aqua oceans and soft lavender-blue skies hazed the hue. She insisted only she and Sark went to the surface, although she wasn’t sure why. They didn’t walk on the grass as they did in her dreams but used an anti-gravity floor instead. Side by side, holding hands, they moved straight toward the bronze-coloured tower, the only unnatural artefact they detected. The platform came to rest before the glowing, golden door.
Doella wore a robe in her favourite shade of blue, edged with emerald crystals. The winds, which caressed the surface of the world, blew the robe against her body in a similar caress. Sark, dressed in a Hyclos robe. Doella joked the replicators must have been working overtime to produce clothes big enough to fit him. She said that only a few days ago - as though it happened in a dream.

The soft winds continued to touch them until Doella became sleepy and too tired to push the door open. It was Sark who broke the spell, he walked forward. The way in opened as he touched it. He grasped Doella’s hand and pulled her inside with him. He too was disorientated. The next moment they drifted in the milky atmosphere of her dream. As they floated in the white nothingness, they found themselves unable to stay awake.

When they woke up, they sat in chairs in a lovely landscape, filled with flowers and birds and humming insects. It was warm, and they sensed the sun on their backs. To Doella it appeared as a Varan garden and she relaxed. When she described her feelings to Sark, she found he saw another landscape. He was in a Hyclos equivalent and on Hyclo, with strange stars overhead, and softer light, diffused over the plants and architecture. They stared at each other with wonder, but they didn’t move from their seats. Two figures came to meet them. They wore long white robes with hoods, which concealed their faces.
Neither of them felt fear, but they fought off sleep and returned to the soft milky atmosphere. She knew Sark was close by and tried to call out to him. But there was no answer. The next moment she stood on the seashore looking out to sea. She turned to find a young man with golden hair.

Doella looked at him. His features resembled hers. He was bare, and she was sure he wasn’t at first. He held out his hand to her, but just as she touched him, the scenery changed and he vanished. She was now on a dark, rocky planet. The sky crossed by forked lightning bolts, and it rained hard. Her dress vanished, and she was cold as if she didn’t have a crystal or a bracelet. She shuddered and tried to wrap her arms around her to keep warm, but unseen hands gripped her and she was frightened. The torrent continued to fall and Doella, held tight, and could not move. The rain fell into her eyes and mouth so she couldn’t see, and trickled down her throat, making her shiver even more. Then the deluge stopped and when she opened her eyes, she was back in the garden. She was wet and naked. When she noticed a door that led into a Varan-style house, she hurried to it and entered a cool, graceful living room. She dripped water onto the floor and shivered again.
A large cloth was draped over her shoulders from behind, and she turned. The young man was back with her and letting the towel fall, she reached for him. He smiled, and she pulled him closer, but it was Sark. She cried out his name in relief and they held onto each other. Reading his mind, she realised he’d had a similar experience. He too dripped water on the floor - his hair soaked too.
They were no longer sleepy and Sark saw the same surroundings. He picked up the towel and dried them with it. There was fruit, and a jug and glasses on a table nearby.
‘This is real,’ he said.
He poured the sparkling liquid into two crystal goblets, alive with hidden colours in the sunlight. It tasted like cool, fresh spring water, but it fizzed on their tongues, releasing flavours new to them. Doella laughed. They ate the fruit, varieties never tasted before.
The room changed around them. On a nearby chair appeared clothing in a sheer fabric, which shone as rain caught in the sun. It left their crystals exposed, and they glowed brightly. The milky atmosphere returned, but now they felt solid ground beneath their feet. A blue light was blinking on and off to one side, and hand in hand they walked towards it, the soft, glittering material of their robes billowing out behind them.

Back on the ship, their colleagues waited, for they’d disappeared from the sensors. Even Carnos, close as he was to them, knew nothing.
Core, as usual, exercised patience. ‘We must wait; no knowing how long they will be gone.’
Sark and Doella continued to walk hand in hand to the light, but it didn’t get any closer to its source. It changed into an arch of bright blue and they walked underneath it. The atmosphere disappeared, and they found themselves on spongy, pink grass on a cliff overlooking the pale aqua sea.
They knew someone was behind them and turned. Ten white-robed figures watched them. They removed their deep hoods and drew closer. The images were even taller than Sark, but their faces smoother and blander than the Hyclos and the Varan, and they had no hair. Their eyes shone as bright gems.
‘So strange, but beautiful,’ said Doella aloud.

She heard them speaking in her mind and an echo of it in Sarks.
You are lovely, daughter, and because of this, you will save both your races and start another, and again others. We will support you to defeat our common enemy, the dragons. Their thoughts echoed. They tried to destroy us too, but we banished them to a distant place. They have forgotten, or pretend to, it was so long ago. But when he, (Doella knew they meant Wylar) reads your mind, they will remember and be afraid. You must not fear, even though it will not be easy, and when you falter, we will encourage you. Doella and Sark are stronger together than alone, and you will build a strong and vibrant race together. You will be the mother to many races, Doella, and beloved of them. But there’s much for you to do before then. We have given none of your races the gift of foresight. But as you need it, it will serve you - choose what you must do, and you Sark will save her from dread and uncertainty.

They sensed there was more, but the milky atmosphere returned and when it cleared, they stood outside the tower wearing their clothes.
‘Now what?’ asked Doella, with a sense of loss. She believed she’d see her life spread out before her. She felt grief and found her cheeks were wet.
‘Doella,’ said Sark, looking at her in wonder, ‘Why are you crying?’
She continued to weep long after they returned to the ship. She wouldn’t let Sark leave her side. After he helped her to her tiny cabin, he held her close in the confines of her bunk until she fell asleep.
Sark did not sleep; he tried to remember what the creatures said. He knew it existed in his mind, but the more he sought for it, the more elusive it became. Only the comfort of holding Doella was real.
Core left them to recover. When Doella woke up, they sought him.
Without explanation, Doella said, ‘Core, we must travel to Zarn; and find Wylar.’
Sark nodded when Core looked at him. ‘They are our Gods, and although they told Doella to do this, first we must continue to another place to seek something to aid her.’
However, neither of them remembered what it was. Despite their confusion, Core believed them. The fragments of consciousness he saw in their minds ended with a sense of hope.
‘Where is the planet?’ he asked.
‘Not far.’ As her mind faltered and then cleared, she saw an image of an icy, grey world. Core knew where they must go. He entered the coordinates into the ship’s memory, asking Simune to vacate the pilot’s seat as he did so.

Simune stared at Doella and looked at Sark as if seeing them together for the first time. As she held tight to the Hyclos, she had no thought for Simune, or Takos, or her beloved Carnos.
Core returned to Doella, Sark stood behind her, his hands on her shoulders. ‘You were on the planet for such a short while. Yet your memories say it was longer. What is stranger is according to the ship’s records we only left Earth a few hours ago, not ten days? Until we know differently, I must agree with you - we have seen the faces of our Gods.’

Chapter 32
The freezing, grey world wasn’t in the same spatial dimension. A brief journey through several laminae took them to a barren planet lashed with rain.
‘It’s strange, isn’t it?’ Doella said. ‘It should be ice-bound instead of raining; it’s far too chilly for rain.’ She paused for a moment. ‘This planet is Kelon.’
Carnos, Takos, and Sark, and two of the Karish were with Doella. They’d come prepared in cold weather suits, as the preliminary scan suggested. Neither race needed extra protection, other than that provided by their bubbles, but it was icy here, and if a bubble failed, they might get into difficulties. Everything should be covered in ice, but freezing rain fell from thick, black clouds and disappeared as it hit the ground.

There was one large continent on the world. Takos and one of the Karish took a bubble up high without entering the cloud layer, but they couldn’t see much. They were standing in the entrance to one of the many buildings. It had no door, but at least they were under shelter.
Takos scanned the bluestone material from which they constructed the buildings. He and one of the Karish, a man named Tole, now Core’s second-in-command until Gote recovered, examined the stone. Tole looked at Takos with incredulity.
‘Please, everyone,’ Takos announced, ‘Tole, and I have found something interesting.’ He started with a question any Varan child could answer. ‘When did we record our history?’
‘About three hundred million years ago, but most think longer and it’s lost,’ answered Carnos.
‘Well,’ continued Takos, ‘this place is far older. We were not modern Varan, just intelligent animals surviving in a hostile world and only just succeeding. It hasn’t been lived in for a long time. There are no organic remains anywhere, we can detect, but this city is as perfect today as the day they built it. Even the stone is incredible. It’s stone, but every molecular area which isn’t the atomic solid, is reinforced by a poly-plastic substance, and the stone coated with it. It’s almost indestructible!’
‘Advanced,’ added Tole. ‘I doubt we could replicate it. These blocks are huge and bonded together with the same polymorphic fabric. I can’t sense any working technology here, but as Takos suggests, this was an advanced civilisation when we were hunter-gathers.’
‘But it can’t be so old - normal planetary upheavals must reduce it to ruins?’ Carnos suggested.
‘I can’t sense any of the usual seismic readings,’ said Takos with enthusiasm. ‘I’d like to spend time here and study this unusual phenomenon.’
‘Nothing similar has been found before,’ said Doella. ‘Don’t you find it strange we stopped searching for other civilisations a long time ago, and instead focused on genetic engineering? This would add to our data.’
‘As if denying the past, and making the future belong to us?’ Sark whispered.
No one answered.
‘Can we get inside the buildings? There are no doors,’ said Doella.
‘We can’t find any,’ replied Tole.
‘Even wearing this weather suit, I’m frozen, we need to get inside,’ Doella sounded annoyed.
‘We can’t get into this building,’ said Carnos. ‘We must go back into the rain.’
She agreed and led them outside into the large square.
‘Which way, Doella?’ asked Tole.

She stood in the rain and turned. Then she looked up at the sky and moved around again. The sky lit up with a fork of lightning, and they noticed a tall structure silhouetted against the sky. Doella moved into one of the side streets in the direction of the building.
‘It’s a big city; they must have had local transportation. These streets are narrow and dark. I can’t see the sky,’ she said wondering, not for the first time, what were they doing here. She moved faster, eager to get out of the cold and rain. She’d no idea where she should go. Help me, she prayed to anyone who’d listen.

The others heard her plea and shared her despair. She increased the speed of her bubble, and the others followed. This was the first time since reading Wylar’s mind that she despaired. Since Rosa, she was confident, even though she didn’t know why? Convinced she’d know when she got here.
When they reached the tall building, they found the same open foyer, but still no sign of a door. Carved signs on the walls were the first sign of decoration they’d seen. Doella felt warmer, and without knowing why, she lifted her rain mask, took off her gloves, and walked to the back of the entrance. Then she held up her hand with her palm facing the wall. There was a sudden whoosh of air and a dim light. A door opened, and with a sigh of relief, Doella led them inside the building.

They moved along a dimly lit corridor. On each side, rooms and passages led off the main one. The rooms were empty, and everything a pale grey colour. The dim light came from the polymer floor surface.
Takos scanned it. ‘Everything made from the same fabric, without the natural additions of the stone outside, apart from the floor which has additives - hence the light. I’ve no idea what they might be.’
Giving off light, the floor muffled their footsteps. The silence and the emptiness eerie.
‘It’s too warm in here,’ said Sark. ‘I’m becoming uncomfortable in this suit.’ He changed it to the lowest setting. Everyone followed his lead and removed their helmets and gloves.
‘The heat is coming from the floor additive,’ Takos explained. ‘Now, where Doella?’ he asked.
‘I don’t know. Let’s keep going along this corridor and find out where it leads.’

They entered a large hall; there were lifts against one wall. The gloom was so dense they couldn’t make out the roof. Filled with doubts, Doella sat on the floor. This time she shouted aloud, ‘Help us!’ The words echoed around the walls until her voice dissolved into silence. A blue light appeared from one corridor leading from the hall, and she got to her feet. ‘We should go in that direction.’
She followed the blue light, Sark behind her. She turned back and realised a force field prevented the others from following them.
Doella mind spoke. Wait here, everything will be fine; I know it will.
They followed the light. It led them down a series of steep ramps underneath the city. They kept on moving, Doella anxious to get back to the others.
Sark wasn’t as confident as Doella that everything would be fine. They were here on blind faith as if they’d known the Rosarians a long time. Why was that?
Everything remained the same until they reached an archway surrounded by more of the signs they saw at the entrance to the building. The air grew hotter.
‘Sark, I can’t go any further in this suit. It’s far too hot, even on the lowest setting. I am stifled and going to remove it.’
They removed their suits.

Sark smiled. ‘If we meet anyone here, they’ll get a shock at seeing two naked aliens confronting them.’
Doella laughed. ‘Who’d we meet in a deserted city?’
Her golden skin and hair shone in the dim light, and Sark thought how beautiful she looked. Her hair floated behind her as if a breeze blew, but there wasn’t the slightest draft. Sark’s bronze skin, was lit from within. He took hold of her hand and pulled her close. There was a strange energy in the air. They kissed and blue sparks came off their bodies, and they pulled away laughing, their lips tingling.
‘Let’s,’ said Doella, looking mischievous.

They made love, and as they did so, the strange energy played over their bodies until it covered them with the blue sparkling light; as they pulled away, the energy disappeared.
‘That was the strangest sensation,’ said Sark.
‘Yes, an odd time to make love.’

They left their packs and weather suits behind and moved under an arch. There was no light now, but their bodies gave off a glow. Another light shone ahead, the same colour as the energy around the arch, but instead of moving, it remained still. Sark took hold of Doella’s hand and they walked towards it. As they neared, they saw a small blue crystal floating in mid-air. Doella advanced, but Sark could not move, he could only watch, fascinated by its brightness. Doella raised her arms in the air. The light from the crystal grew brighter. She made a strange noise too, high-pitched, unlike her usual soft voice. The light extinguished, and Doella fell to the ground.

Sark could now move, and he ran to her. The crystal was embedded in her navel, bathing her entire body with blue light. Then the light faded and Doella opened her eyes. She was smiling but disoriented. Sark picked her up and, in total darkness, headed back. She was heavier, and it puzzled him. He staggered out through the arch and put their suits on. She tried to help him but was clumsy in her movements. He got her to her feet; she walked but leaned on Sark. It was a long way up the ramp and Doella kept sliding onto the floor, so he carried her again. He wasn’t weaker - she grew heavier. How much could a small crystal weigh? At last, he reached the towering hall and staggered through the barrier, almost dropping Doella as he did so.
Carnos took hold of her, but he found her too heavy to support, and Takos helped him.
It exhausted Sark. ‘We have what we came for; let’s get back to the ship.’
Once aboard he transmitted everything he knew. They lay the still disorientated Doella on the mess table. The embedded crystal inert; when Carnos touched it she moaned.
‘Get her to her cabin,’ instructed Core.
There was a shout from Simune in the pilot’s chair. The planet below vanished. Even though they were at the same coordinates, they circled empty space. Core was unsure whether to head back to Earth, but Sark persuaded him to wait until Doella recovered.

She didn’t wake up for two days. Someone sat with her. At first, she was restless and kept moaning; then after a few hours, she slept peacefully, her dreams changing from jumbled colours to the usual dreams of a sleeping Varan. When she woke up, Core sat beside her. She said she was fit and well, but the memories of receiving the crystal were vague. The blue crystal sometimes flickered with light. Doella constantly touched it. ‘It is power, Core,’ she said. Her sudden recovery surprised him. ‘It’s similar to our bracelets and the Hyclos crystals, but I need to learn how to use it. Please will you take me back to Rosa?’
They reached Rosa, but the tower disappeared. Underneath Doella’s work suit, they could see the flickering crystal.
The crew crammed into the control room.
‘I’m telling you,’ said Simune, angry, ‘there’s no tower!’
He was right - the planet below devoid of everything but the grass blown by the wind.
‘It has to be here,’ Doella panicked.
‘There’s nothing here,’ Simune insisted, angry the woman he loved was altered, although he didn’t know how.
Doella knew Kelon disappeared from the instruments, but convinced it hadn’t disappeared. It was still there. The tower must be here too, but when it didn’t appear, she became worried. Thanks to her new enhancement, she was fitter and stronger, but she needed help to understand how to use it. She shrugged off a moment’s doubt.
‘They’re still here somewhere; they’d not do this, and then give up,’ she said aloud. Then Doella vanished, not only from their sight but from the ship’s sensors.

‘Where has she gone?’ Simune’s voice had an edge of panic to it. He felt frustration at everything happening to Doella; even their instruments could not locate her. First, the planet disappeared, then the tower, and now his Doella.
Then Sark spoke. ‘She’s fine - they’re asking us to wait.’ He shrugged his shoulders. ‘That’s what they say; we must wait for her.’
Everyone was tired of waiting. Even unflappable Core affected by the changing course of events. He hit the back of a chair in a rare display of temper.
He looked at Sark. ‘Very well, we will wait.’

Chapter 33
Doella was back in the Varan garden, relaxing by an attractive fountain of ornate design, featuring a naked girl pouring water into a pool. The sound was soothing. She glanced to one side and noticed a being she’d seen on her earlier visit. The fountain was now beside her, and the creature sat in front of her. She could have leaned forward and touched him, but she didn’t.
I am a male; he said, smiling, and my name, Timblis.
Doella did not reply, but smiled back at him and reclined. She enjoyed the warmth of the sun on her skin and the playful sound of the water splashing into the pool. She kept her mind calm. It felt a long time before she opened her eyes, but she caught the echo of their conversation, and heard him say Timblis again.
Who are you? She asked.
You should first ask… who am I?
You know my questions. Please tell me what I need.

As Timblis told her, pictures appeared in her mind, which meant more than the words, which accompanied them. You are our children, Doella.
She saw the Varan shaped in the same way they had humans, but over a much greater time scale. He showed the same with the Hyclos.
‘Are you our gods?’ she asked aloud.
‘No, we are no more gods than you or the Hyclos.’ Timblis also spoke aloud. ‘But we helped create both of you.’
‘That’s why you look like both of us. You are beautiful, even though you are so alien.’
‘So are you, Doella. We made you so.’
‘Do you mean me? I am no more than any other Varan.’
‘It is part of your beauty that you believe that,’ said Timblis. ‘Without your allure and the way you use your sexuality, we could not save our children. We find the loss of any kind distressing.’ She sensed great sadness. ‘Even the destruction of our enemies.’ In her mind, dragons flew towards Varan. For a moment, she panicked, leaned forward, and grabbed at Timblis’ hand.
‘No Doella, it’s not happening; not yet.’
‘Did you enhance me; is that what you are trying to tell me?’ she suggested, understanding. She still held tight to his hand.
‘Yes Doella, before you were born. This plan was a long time in the making. We didn’t realise we’d need your help. One of us had a dream, and it spread to all, and we set great store by our dreams. We did as requested; none can guess fate. Your life has been your own, but now you must act for others. Even we are unsure of where it will lead.’
‘So it’s not being on my Earth which made me different from other Varan?’
‘No, but those experiences helped shape you for the future.’
‘Who created you?’ Doella relaxed and sat back again.
‘Our gods, if I use the same term as you. We looked for them, but if they are still here, we can’t find them.’
‘That is how it should be,’ said Doella. ‘And if you are showing yourselves to me and Sark, it must be for a reason.’
‘The cycle goes on. One day your creatures will occupy the stars you know, and you’ll go away. A few Varans may stay, as we have, to make sure everyone remains safe.’
‘Does this creation happen everywhere? There are many kinds of alien races.’
He nodded. In an instant, she saw different species recreating themselves.
‘Not all. Many are a random selection, as the first gods must have been. This space is vast; even we only explored a minuscule part of it, and there is room for everyone.’
‘But the dragons are upsetting the balance?’

Timblis did not answer. Doella was silent. And then changed the subject to something she’d always wondered. ‘When our people decide they no longer wish to live, when they tire of living, where do they go? They take special craft from our furthest planet, Tra, but none of them returns. They leave the empty ships. What happens to them?’
This question was taboo on Varan, but like many of her race, Doella often puzzled over it. Even the remains of Varan who died away from the home planets where sent there.
They go to remember and to forget, and they return to you in the souls of your children, as we do, and so does all creation… so our dreams tell us.
Who is our God, who is the original creator?
Timblis shook his head again. ‘We can’t find it; as we get closer, it vanishes in the same way dreams do.’
‘The expanse of creation… even the tiny part you have shown me is terrifying.’
They shared the vastness in their minds and sat in silence.

Doella was the first to break it. ‘And the dragons; where do they fit in this?’
Timblis returned to mind speech. They are a much older race than we. They come from a distant place. These dragons don’t create but take pleasure in destruction. They stand for everything we oppose. We fought them before the Varan existed in their present form. We defeated them, but at a terrible cost. He showed Doella space ships and dragons fighting each other, fire destroying ships, and ships destroying dragons. Few on either side survived. When it was over, we assumed the remaining dragons returned to their own space. We did not follow them, for losing so many of our friends devastated us. It was hard to recover. We are more advanced than the Hyclos, but we were almost wiped out too.
‘What am I to do now?’ Doella asked, desperate to understand.
We want no more destruction. If the dragons return in force, we do not dare to face them. We are so few. Most of us moved to find a different home and a new start. Those of us left are watching how you progress, and to keep you safe. Even so, our life here will soon be finished; we can’t stay… we long to meet the others again. We too are tired, as the old ones of your race. That ancient crystal has been in our possession a long time. It will give the physical power to do what you must, but the power of your mind is still your own. Doella sensed the crystal’s energy surging through her body, and its bright blue light made her shine. It halted. You will return to Wylar, Timblis said. Doella was fearful, and the crystal gave her the courage to overcome. He will accept you. You touched something deep inside him. All dragons live lonely lives, but now he feels his loneliness as an endless pain, and will never be the same. You will have his child. The crystal will help… Place your egg with the others…

The garden was disappearing, and so was Timblis. She floated for a moment in the milky nothingness, and found herself back on the ship, lying on the bed in her cabin.
Carnos sensed her return and rushed into the cabin.
‘Doella, we thought we’d lost you. It has been days. If Sark hadn’t insisted we stay, Core would have fled the area.’
Doella got up and taking Carnos’ hand, she led him into the control room.
Core looked relieved. ‘Welcome back, I almost left you here. Something odd has happened again. Another time episode occurred and we are in the same space as we started, circling your Earth. Even stranger, we arrived at the same moment we started.’
‘No time has passed,’ said Simune.
‘Perhaps we never left,’ suggested Carnos, shaking his head.
‘It’s not important,’ Doella said. ‘It’s urgent I speak to the elders.’

Chapter 34
Doella told her story.
Sarilla looked at her with sympathy. ‘Can you do this; go to Wylar?’
Everyone who loved her worried, but they couldn’t ask her to stay; there was too much at stake. They sat in uncomfortable silence, trying to keep their emotions under control.
‘I must. Wylar left Levos and returned to Zarn, where the eggs are. Most of the dragons are in hiding. No delay.’
‘We don’t perceive how this will help us,’ said Core.
‘No, but look at the power our creators have. We have to believe in them and ourselves. You doubt what has happened, but what Timblis said is the truth, so please try to understand? I don’t see the future but I must go to Wylar. Everything depends on it.’ She felt their confusion and denial.
‘Core, take a minimal crew and transport her to Zarn,’ said Bros.

Hearing the protests coming from Carnos and Takos, and even Simune, the stoic Sark remained silent. ‘It is better she has no distractions, only the Karish go with her.’ Bros looked at each of them; there’d be no arguments.
Doella hurried to her quarters to change. Trying on a flimsy garment sheer and white, and stared in the mirror. ‘Am I beautiful?’ she asked aloud to her reflection. ‘I can’t see it.’ She pulled the robe into shape, took it off, and put on another for the journey. Taking one last look in the glass. I must believe, she insisted. Then she shook her head and searched for Core.

She sensed Wylar’s location. The blue crystal amplified her powers far more than she first suspected. Leaving the ship, after saying goodbye to Core, and hoping they’d meet again. The formal Karish surprised her by planting a chaste kiss on her cheek and then hugging her. 
‘Good luck,’ he said.
The other Karish followed suit, each of them embracing her. Their hope she might save Varan, if they weren’t sure how.
‘I’ll find a way,’ she promised.
Next moment she was on the planet standing before Wylar’s lair.
The entrance was blacker than the surrounding rock. The white gown stood out against the darkness of the stone and the heavy greyness of the sky. She left it open, and it blew behind her, billowing out in the strong wind.  He approached and changed into hominid form as he drew closer. He emerged from the gloom, his gold skin, and red eyes gleaming in the dark grey light.
‘Doella?’ She’d forgotten the strange hiss in his voice as he spoke. ‘Doella?’ he repeated, still uncertain. ‘What are you doing here? Are you a vision come to torment me?’ He saw the glowing crystal, changing the colour of her surface to a luminous blue, and was puzzled. ‘You are real, and you have changed; no longer afraid.’ He stepped closer. ‘Why are you here?’
Doella told him a half-truth. Wylar had little access to her mind, but she read him as if he were another Varan. ‘They sent me to you.’ She showed him a mental picture of the beings who dispatched her, and the limits of her understanding of them. He didn’t recognise the dragon’s old enemies, and Doella kept her suspicions to herself. ‘We are to have a child,’ she continued, pointing to the crystal, ‘and start a new race, to change the dragons, so they no longer want destruction. We’ll give them emotions; including love.’
‘Or destroy us, as you have destroyed me, by showing me what I cannot have.’ He didn’t doubt the impossible was possible. He knew more about her than she did and realised he must be cautious.
‘I’m here, Wylar.’

Doella approached him; his need greater than his caution. Wylar held her close before leading her through the black opening into his cave. As they walked, he created long candlesticks and candles to light her way. Doella could see, even in absolute black, but the familiarity of flame made her comfortable. He formed the same bed from their earlier encounter. Not afraid of Wylar, she reached into his mind, there were no icy depths. Dragons have emotions, although they were very different from those she knew.
Her lust was as strong as his. Wylar felt it and responded mentally and physically. Their minds burned with their passion. Doella no longer pretended she wanted him; she always did, but too frightened to know.
Back on Varos, Sark endeavoured to create a stronger screen to resist the dragon’s fiery breath. His data from the Hyclo gave him the information needed. He and Carnos were grateful for the Hyclos technology they brought with them from Levos. They upgraded the shields, but it wouldn’t hold indefinitely.
‘This prototype will help with your shield’s defences,’ said Sark, ‘but we still can’t devise a weapon powerful enough to do more than sting them. If only we had more time.’
‘We must hope Doella charms him,’ Carnos tried to sound flippant but failed.
Both stopped and looked at one another. ‘I’m sorry, I can’t stop thinking of her with the creature. He’s holding her close while I am so lonely. You are better able to control your emotions than I am.’
‘What makes you believe that, Carnos? The only difference is I don’t show my feelings as you do, but I’m hurting just as much.’
‘I wonder how long she’ll stay with him.’
‘Stop it, Carnos. Work, it’ll take your mind off everything.’
‘Sark, what if she never comes back. How can any of this help Varan? He may kill her.’
‘He’s more likely to keep her. None of us owns her, Carnos. You tried once, remember?’
‘I still hope when this is over she’ll be my wife. I don’t worry; it’s too far off, and she is nowhere near ready to settle yet.’ Sark didn’t reply, and Carnos changed the subject. ‘How is Parsos?’
‘I’ve left him in the helmet. There are more pressing things to manage. He’s in a permanent sleep state until I pacify him.’
‘You are too kind to him. I hate him for what he did to Doella.’
Sark didn’t reply, and Carnos stared into space.
‘Get on with the work, Carnos. I don’t want to die yet.’

Chapter 35
Wylar’s lovemaking was urgent and uncomplicated, and now Doella could cope better with the heat and weight of his body. Afterwards, they held each other close without speaking. Doella could feel Wylar’s confusion.
‘How long will you stay with me?’ he asked.
‘I can’t go far without a ship, just between - and there are no ships within calling distance,’ she replied.
She felt sad for a moment and he felt it. To distract her he started licking her body with his hot tongue, and now it felt more sensuous. He moved down her body in a way he knew gave her pleasure. She experienced one orgasm and then another. To stop him, she sat up and pulled away laughing. He grabbed her roughly by the thighs. This was not the Wylar she remembered; before he’d been gentle with her. She realised how considerately he’d treated her, knowing she was weak without her enhancers. Now, because of the added strength the blue crystal gave her, he was not holding back. He grabbed her again and pushed into her. She responded again and let her mind go with his, as her body shuddered with pleasure. Her mind was in Wylars, soaring into the sky and then falling fast towards the ground before it was over.
‘Tomorrow we fly as dragons,’ he said, ‘and conceive our child. I may never let you go, Doella.’
‘Perhaps neither of us has a say in that, my dear dragon,’ she answered, ‘so let us make the most of this time, and love again.’
They did so until they were exhausted, their minds and bodies spent, and no lust left in them.
‘Sleep with me, Wylar,’ she said, ‘I can’t leave you. Sleep beside me.’
He looked into her mind and saw what she said was true. He held her close for a long time before he finally joined her in sleep.

Doella was not beside him when he woke up, and he felt a moment’s fear until he realised her signature was close by. She stood at the entrance to the cave looking at the grey swirling sky, and the lightning flashes over the nearby mountains. The thunder rolled and the vibrations seemed to rock the whole planet. She felt him approach.
‘I don’t like it here, Wylar.’
‘Then we will leave,’ he said, pulling her back, ‘after you have conceived our child. Come and eat - you will need nourishment.’
He led her back inside. She ate and drank at his bidding, but she was beginning to feel nervous.
‘I know I will be able to conceive as a dragon, but how will I hold my form that long? I will need to sleep. How long will I have to wait until I can expel the egg?’
Wylar smiled. ‘I am not sure; the females keep those matters to themselves. They go to the hatchery and leave their eggs with the others there.’
‘Don’t you know your children?’
‘Yes, we recognise them, but dragons grow into adulthood very quickly after their first feeding. Then they look after themselves.’
At the word, “feeding” Doella’s eyes widened and she felt a tear roll down her cheek.
Wylar was surprised. ‘Varan can’t cry; why can you? Please don’t, Doella, you know I will do my best to find another planet to feed on.’ He didn’t try to hide what was happening and he knew she was aware of the dragon’s plans. ‘But I will have to offer them an alternative world and to appease you, one with no sentient life. Do you know of one?’
‘To us, all planets may one day develop sentient life-forms; it would be against our laws.’ She drooped her head as she spoke, knowing if she had to make a choice, she would sacrifice lower non-sentient animals for Varan.
He gently lifted her chin to kiss her. ‘Better than your race should perish,’ he said softly, ‘I can’t stop them without offering them an alternative. We still have a little time before we swarm with our young. Doella, we are all hungry, and although adults we do not need to eat often, we will feast when our children do. When the eggs hatch, we will fly with the young, shielding them with our bodies. We will rise like a huge multi-coloured cloud to eat and destroy as we go. It is our way and I cannot stop it on my own. I’m already breaking our laws by keeping an alien woman to myself.’
‘And not eating her?’ Doella said, laughing through her tears.
‘I’m a big, strong dragon, but if I tried to stop them, I would be overwhelmed and you would be destroyed, and I do not want anything to happen to you.’
‘That is not very dragon-like of you,’ said Doella, trying to lighten this very bleak conversation.
‘I agree. And sometimes part of me says kill her, don’t become dependent on the pleasure she offers you. But after you left, I experienced an emptiness which could not be filled until you returned. I can’t be content now without you; you have destroyed the essence of what makes me a dragon, and it seems I cannot return to what I was. The euphoria in your mind feeds me more contentedly than food, and when we make love, the joy in our passion is even greater since you returned to me. I now prefer it to the thrill of destruction.’
‘Then perhaps you too are the start of a new race; it will not just be our child.’
‘I warn you, Doella, if you leave me, I might become something far more terrible.’

Doella did not answer him directly, instead, she asked. ‘When shall we start our new race - now?’ As she walked to the entrance, she changed easily into the golden dragon form without the Hyclos enhancers. Wylar followed her, and he changed too; he was almost twice the size of Doella. Once outside, they opened their wings and flew upward, far above the planet where the air was so thin no other creature could survive.
They mated just as she had with Sark, but this time it was more painful and it gave Doella little pleasure. Only the glorious feeling of rushing down to the planet out of control, and then opening their wings, just before they hit the ground, gave her any enjoyment.
Wylar led an already uncomfortable Doella back to the cave.
‘That hurt! No wonder your females fight you; and now I have to wait, for what - five days before I can expel the egg? It’s already growing fast. I hope I can sleep like this.’
‘You can’t change back now, Doella - soon the egg will be as big as you are tall.’
‘Keep my mind in yours and I will be fine. I know you can go without sleep.’
Doella slept for most of the time. Four days later, Wylar woke her. He could sense the egg was due to be expelled.
‘The time is close; we must get you to the hatchery.’
‘How long have I slept?’
‘Nearly four days.’
‘You dragons sleep a lot.’
‘We can sleep for many years without waking if we wish to.’
Doella followed him into the sky, towards the lightning-plagued mountains.
‘You can sense the energy coming and move away from the forks,’ Wylar warned her.
Doella concentrated on doing this, and followed Wylar into a deep ravine, which led into a huge, dark cave. She could see in the dark now, but it was a long way down into the hatchery, and the air grew hotter, which added to her discomfort. The egg pressed down inside her, anxious to be laid. It became more and more painful.

Finally, they reached the cavern of the hatchery. Many eggs were there, piled on top of each other, Doella could only guess at their number, but it must have been in the thousands. The pressure of the egg inside her was great. She went to lay it on the top of the others. Their strong shells yielded softly to her weight, and then with a shudder, she expelled it. She felt better immediately and turned to look at her egg. She and Wylar were puzzled. It was a different colour from all the others; they were a pale brownish-green, but their egg displayed a bluish tint.
‘Doella, let’s get out of here,’ urged Wylar. ‘This hatchery is frequently visited by other females. As a male, I should not be here, and it’s obvious from your signature you are not a dragon. We must get away.’
‘Won’t they notice my egg is different?’ she said, worried.
Wylar agreed, and he helped her to conceal it under other eggs so it could not easily be seen. Then they returned hurriedly to his lair, where Doella immediately changed back into her form. It was raining hard and she stood outside for a few moments in the heavy downpour, letting the rain soak her. It ran in streams down her body. She didn’t move until Wylar, also in hominid form, gently pulled her inside. He wrapped her in a blanket and brought her some hot wine from the replicator he fashioned for her. She shivered.
‘Wylar, I am frightened by what we have done.’
‘Why?’
‘I don’t know, it’s like some forgotten memory. When I try to reach for it, it disappears; but I know something is wrong.’
‘Females probably often feel this way after expelling an egg. Hush my love, drink your wine, and let’s make love again. I prefer this form for lovemaking - it is far more pleasurable.’ Doella smiled at him and nodded her agreement.
‘We’ll stay here until our egg is hatched, so I keep our child safe. What then, Wylar? As you say, they will know I’m not a dragon and will kill me … and what will our child register as?’
‘As soon as our child hatches, I will remove it from the others, and we will wait behind until the rest have gone.’
‘To Varan?’ Doella’s eyes were wide with fear.
‘No, I will persuade them to go elsewhere. I have located several sources of large semi-sentient animals. The dragons want to go to Varan to make mischief, as they did with Hyclos. I will explain how much easier it would be to go to one of these other worlds for now. I will call a meeting soon. The problem is Hyclos was…’ he stopped, ‘so interesting. Then the three of us will go back to Levos. There are plenty of wild herds there we can feed on, far away from the hominids.’ His eyes glistened brightly at the thought of food. Doella remembered his words. Some part of me says kill her. He felt her thoughts and laughed. ‘These times are perilous for both our psyches, Doella. It’s changing both of us. As you say, neither of us appears to have any choice in the matter. Come Doella, give me your body.’ He said it fiercely; the hissing so strong in his voice, that Doella suppressed a moment of fear, which further amused her dragon lover. ‘It’s the fear you enjoy so much. You don’t have that feeling with any of your other lovers.’

Chapter 36
The weeks passed, most of them spent in passion and sleep. Wylar tried to persuade the others to save Varan for later. But as he’d foreseen, many dragons were suspicious of his motives, so he let the matter drop. He didn’t inform Doella of his lack of progress. When she slept, she had strange dreams, and Wylar shared them with her. Like Doella, he couldn’t make any sense of the images that passed through their minds. Sometimes Doella muttered “Rosa” in her sleep, and Wylar saw the tower in the pink grass, which moved in the winds, and the beings who sent her to him. Then came the dragon version of a deep, unknown fear.
Wylar woke Doella from sleep. ‘Our child is hatching, Doella; but it’s far too early.’

They changed form and flew to the hatchery. When they arrived at the nest, they found as Wylar said, their child was hatching, but another shock was in store for them. Every one of the other eggs was dead. Their once soft and luminous shells were now dry, hard, and lifeless.
Wylar, what’s happened? Doella was as shocked as he was.
I don’t know. Wylar was suppressing a huge rage. Get back to our cave. Doella, if they find you here… just go. I will bring our son. Go; these eggs have not been dead long. Someone will come soon, hurry.

Doella was reluctant to leave, but urged on by Wylar, she darted back to the lair. She maintained her dragon-form, knowing it would offer her better protection if they discovered her. Doella was numb with shock. She should be pleased the other eggs perished but regretted so many glorious creatures died. Wylar returned before long, holding tight in his claw a small, wriggling baby dragon. It was a gold colour, brighter than Doella, and edged with black. She sensed its mind, already well-developed, touch hers. He recognised her as his mother.
Doella, we must leave. I sense a female nearby. When she sees we destroyed the eggs she will seek for alien signatures and find you. Hurry.
He still suppressed his anger and she asked again, Why, Wylar?
No time, I realise you didn’t understand this would happen. We must go. He was still holding the crying chick, which struggled in his claw. Keep close to me. Doella followed him into the sky. Get closer, Doella. A strange green gas formed, and as it covered them, it hardened into a gelatin substance. Doella didn’t need to flap her wings; encased in a spaceship created by Wylar. Floating through space in an immense green bubble - everything flew by them at tremendous speed, and then they found themselves in the greyness of between. We are going to Levos, Doella heard Wylar say in her mind.

There were no instruments on this ship; it was in Wylar’s head. Their ease of passage through space and dimensions greatly impressed Doella. And time? she asked.
Wylar did not reply to her question but said. We are a mighty race Doella. You see us as destroyers and killers, but now you see more. We are a mighty race.
The planet was below them, and Wylar flew into the atmosphere and headed for a deserted area. The green ship disappeared. When we get to Levos, you must stay in our cave until the child and I have fed.
They flew until they reached their goal. Wylar entered his cave and Doella followed. By the time she arrived, he’d set up the room for her. The medieval tent now draped with transparent curtains instead of solid walls.
Wait here. It will be a while before we return. Doella, they have used us, but our child will live. When I come back, we will decide what we can do to stop my race destroying yours. He hissed out flame and smoke as he mind spoke her. All those children never born, Doella. Many months of work and our son destroyed it. I am angry.

He turned to go and left a frightened Doella, her mind numb with terror. When he left with the baby, she returned to her form. Going to her room, she washed over and over, with mindless repetition until she realised. Then she dried herself, spending a long time in the soft breeze of the air stream. She made coffee, but could not eat, and took the steaming mug to their bed and sat propped against the pillows.
I should leave him, she thought, escape, and go to Varos. But she couldn’t. She had to prevent her world’s destruction, but how? No, she must keep Wylar wanting her, so he’d help them, but his anger at what happened frightened her. She too had sorrow for the babies never born, even though it might mean her people live instead. Why must the dragons destroy everything in their path?

She heard a voice in her mind; it was the Rosarian Timblis. I too am sorry, Doella, but we couldn’t allow them to live. Nothing could overcome them. But now we can help save your race.
And Wylar and our son - what of them?
A new race Doella; they are both dragons who know love. Stay with Wylar, said a lingering whisper.

Does Wylar love me? Thought Doella, I know he desires me and the pleasures we share make him happy, but love? Has he shown me love, or what I perceive as it? The love Sark and Carnos, and Takos have for me I can recognise, but this?
She felt hope; she hadn’t been positive for a long time. The Varan may survive if she stays with Wylar. To achieve this outcome, she would. Perhaps have another child? The blue crystal the Rosarians gave her made it possible. She stroked it, and the blue light flickered. She had a powerful surge of desire and longed for Wylar to come back. Then the sensation of buoyant joy again, overlying her new hope.
Hungry she went to her replicator and made a tray of food and wine, and as she ate and drank, she remembered her other lovers. She finished eating. Then she explored her body, running her hands over her breasts, her nipples hardened. She touched her crystals and between her legs, and as she reached her orgasm, she called out to Wylar.

He heard her. Soon, my Varan, he answered, I will be back soon.
Her touch relieved her hunger, enough to allow her to sleep. Her dreams were gentle, sensual, and no longer frightening. When she woke up, Wylar was standing there in hominid form watching her.
‘I want you, Wylar.’
‘Yes,’ but he made no move to touch her. ‘You didn’t know what would happen?’ He wanted to believe her.
‘No, and I’m sorry about the other children. Where is our son?’
Wylar stood aside. Close by the opening stood a stunning, half-grown golden dragon. 
‘His name is Wylane,’ Wylar said. ‘Wylane, recognise your mother.’
Wylane entered his mother’s mind. She sensed part of her mind there, not just Wylar’s alien one.
Mother? he said in mind, confused. She was no longer a dragon, and her mind wasn’t the same as his fathers. She moved to him and stroked her hand over his enormous face in a caress. His mind wasn’t as complicated as his fathers.
‘His body is still forming,’ Wylar said aloud, his voice hissing, ‘but his mind will take longer to mature. He will sleep now, after feeding. I should sleep too, but you said you wanted me, Doella?’
Wylane fell asleep as Doella scratched his face. Wylar led Doella back to their bed, and opening their minds, they made love until Wylar slept, full of food and sex. He’d sleep for a long time. 
Doella didn’t stay in the cave; she’d unfinished business. She travelled by bubble to the Hyclos city and descended into the now stripped base. It was deserted. She reminded herself they were in the grip of an icy winter, and it was freezing in the city. She found the weather control system. It was two tubes, one inside the other, using chemically driven cold fusion. One tube fuelled the other via an osmotic membrane. As Sark said, they wouldn’t exhaust it for a few years, but afterwards, the winters too icy for most to survive.

As if by instinct, she climbed over the barrier. Ignoring the danger, she reached out and placed her hand on the translucent outer casing, made of thin, white, hard crystal. If anyone touched the case while the system was active, it meant either horrific burns or death. Doella’s blue crystal shone, and she touched the casing. No harm came to her. She transferred power from her crystal to the chemicals inside the system and regenerated them. Tired, she backed away. The brightness of the tube multiplied. Depleted of energy, Doella climbed back over the high barrier with difficulty, and lay on the ground, shivering as she recovered. Her power returned, and she could soon form another bubble and travel onto Bayoth.

Chapter 37
It was as if the brief war never happened, but the capital was still empty - the snowstorms delayed the people from returning. A thick layer of ice covered everything and the wind whistled keenly, blowing even more snow over the city. The king sat in his room. Like the rest of his people, he huddled in front of the fire, wrapped in fur blankets.
It tempted Doella to take Trasnos to bed again, but it’d be another complication. She reached out to Wylar’s mind; he still slept, and she nearly stepped out of her bubble. Wylar was right - it’s the danger she enjoyed so much. But what of Trasnos? It’s not fair to him; leave him the memory. She hoped he’d find a Levian woman who’d make him happy. She returned to the lair. As she moved over the icy landscape, she sensed Wylar waking. If she’d stayed with Trasnos, Wylar might have killed him.

Wylar lay curled up in his form, next to their son. Wylane understood shape-changing. He wanted more information from his mother; he realised she was alien. His mind young, like a Varan child and they connected while Doella transmitted knowledge to add to his fathers. He experienced conflict between his mother’s perception of his race and his ancestral memories.
Your father will help you understand. You can assume hominid form when your powers are more developed.

His exertions made him sleepy, and as Doella scratched his face, he fell asleep. Wylar slept, she massaged his face too. She jumped as one gigantic eye opened. It looked so big when this close. Doella smiled and continued to caress his cheek.
Doella, you are insatiable.
Wylar are there enough herds of suitable animals here to feed more children? She climbed onto his front leg.
Why? he asked, knowing what she asked.
‘To help replace those I destroyed.’
If you change form, we can start right away.
‘What about Varan?’ asked Doella.
They might prevail. Wylar knew he couldn’t stop the dragons alone.
‘Yes.’ Doella did what she could, and the Rosarians gave her hope her people would survive.
Everyone at the Varos base was stranded. The spaceships returned home and evacuated many, as others left for between in bubbles for safety. Many observed horror-struck as Varan reported dragons heading towards them. They’d left volunteers on Varan, to defend it.
Sark’s experiments to improve the power of the planetary shields were useful. Small fighter craft and personal inter-flyers altered with weaponry - plasma energy guns, the scientists had developed in the short time they had to prepare for the attack. It might be enough to repel the dragons; although doubtful, they’d destroy them. Brave men and women remained in the planetary communication bases to coordinate everything. They’d saved most of the population because of the warning, but Varan would go the way of Hyclo.

There were only nineteen dragons, in their green jelly-like ships. As they watched, the ships disappeared, and they extended their bodies and stretched out their wings. Doella’s friends knew she’d destroyed the eggs and she still lived. They realised Wylar wasn’t with his people and were unsure of what that meant. Sark and Carnos reasoned he must be with Doella. But why didn’t she communicate with them? They could sense her, even if a faint signature.
She’s with him, Carnos, suggested Sark.
‘Perhaps by choice.’ Carnos spoke aloud. His voice soft, but his eyes flashed with anger.
‘There is another part of the Doella equation we forgot to include in our calculations,’ Sark said. ‘But at least she destroyed the eggs.’
‘From what we hear of Hyclo, they’ll destroy the planet and then breed in the ashes of our home,’ Carnos said, his voice echoing his misery.
‘Many of your people fled and will start anew. Be thankful Doella warned us, or few would’ve escaped. If she hadn’t read the creature’s mind, many more would’ve died. Don’t despair; it could have been worse. Remember and have faith,’ Sark whispered.
Doella slept with another egg when Wylar sensed the dragons attacked Varan. Their joint anger and lust for destruction easy to detect, even this far away. It relieved him she was asleep and spared the end. Their son noticed what happened - he was unsure whether to enjoy the passion of the coming devastation, or to feel sorrow for the ruin of his mother’s home. Wylar left him alone with his thoughts, knowing he’d the right to be whatever he wanted.

The dragons approached Varan, and the brave, pitifully small spacecraft rose like a cloud of insects to meet them. The first dragon blasted at the planet and the new shields held. But the ships annoyed and angered them. Their weapons were unable to do more than sting the creatures and make them even madder. Many Varans’ lost their lives, and soon they were told to withdraw and save themselves. Less than half the fleet remained, and they left Varan to its fate.
One of the planetary shields buckled and then disintegrated, and dragon-breath destroyed an area full of cities and gardens. Those monitoring from elsewhere felt such deep pain at the annihilation, that psychic races throughout the universe experienced its intensity. The Varan people knew it was the end of their home, and they’d start again.
Just as everyone believed Varan was doomed, the dragons backed off and directed their assault against a cluster of blue lights. On closer inspection, it was a squadron of spacecraft. These crafts fired and blasted to hit flesh. There were only ten ships, but their attack hurt the dragons, and two of the beasts looked dead. Now they sensed the dragon’s pain. Their minds filled with the noise of the creatures’ agonies - another dead; another injured. Only eight of the ships left, but they were winning the battle. The remaining creatures were wounded. Then, with the terrible ring of their frustration, screaming aloud and within, they flew away, leaving the dead behind, floating in space. Varan was saved.

With great relief Carnos said. ‘It must have been the Rosarians. Their numbers were so few, and if the eggs hatched they couldn’t help, but there were enough of them to save us from the original dragons. They had a plan. Doella sensed it, but she didn’t know what they intended.’
‘A pity they didn’t do the same for Hyclo,’ Sark said.

Chapter 38
Wylar sensed the defeat of his people, and his feelings were as confused as his sons. He realised since knowing Doella, his hate for other races and his wish for destruction was not as profound as it used to be. He’d found pleasure, and didn’t want to let go of it. But Doella couldn’t live this life for long. She must leave, at least for a time.
Wylane understood his father’s pain and asked, Where are we to go, father? We can’t follow our people back through the stars; we’ve changed and wouldn’t be accepted.
We will find a home far away from everyone and start again.
With Mother? Asked Wylane, knowing the answer.
We cannot keep her with us always, said his father, with deep sadness and regret.
Wylar and Wylane burrowed out another cavern leading from the first one, and when Doella woke, she laid her egg in there. Then she changed back into her proper form and bathed, stale after her long sleep. When she came out of her tent, they were silent. 
She went to see them, her favourite coffee in hand. ‘Your silence is frightening me,’ she said, worried about Varan. ‘What has happened?’
Varan is saved, said Wylar.
Doella looked happy, but Wylar could not share her joy.
Four of my race were killed, and they drove the rest back to our sector of space. I doubt they’ll come here again; our numbers are not great, and we are scattered throughout the universe, living solitary lives, so there are too few being born; we only lay eggs when there is enough food to feed us and our young.
Doella felt selfish in her happiness, but still said, ‘I’m not sorry for them, Wylar.’
Whoever gave you the blue crystal destroyed us.
‘You should be able to recognise them,’ Doella insisted. ‘They said you’d remember them.’
Sometimes we choose to forget. He said no more and left the cave, Wylane followed. They flew the skies in sorrow.
Doella was true to her word and soon there were twenty eggs laid, waiting to hatch. Wylane was as interested as his parents, and one of them kept watch at all times. As they watched the eggs, they sensed the child minds growing. They were the same colour as the first egg. Doella’s guilt receded as she sensed their creations developing.
When Wylane took his turn to wait, his mother, and father made love in their hominid forms. Neither of them wanted to broach the subject, but as the eggs neared their hatching, Doella held Wylar close and said, ‘I must go back soon.’
Although he prepared himself for this, the pain of losing her was so great, Doella felt it devouring her mind too. When he overcame the keenness of his anguish and his anger, she pulled him close.
‘It’s not the end for us, Wylar. I’ll find you and return at intervals. I can’t forget you or our offspring. If we concentrate and you are not far away, we’ll reach into each other’s minds.’
‘But I will miss your body and your touch. It will be a meaningless life without holding you.’
‘It won’t be empty now; you have our children to look after and guide. And if like their parents, it will be a demanding job.’ Her attempt at humour failed.
Varan was almost back to normal. They forgot the disciplinary action against Takos and Simune in the harrowing times, which followed. The cities destroyed were not rebuilt; gardens were planted to cover the terrible blackened scars on the planet. The ships were recalled, and the dead remembered. It was not a time for petty scores. Carnos, too, was left in peace. Those who knew Doella held her sacrifice in great esteem.

Core remained on the Varos base when most of the others moved to Varan. The drama was unresolved, he wanted to find Doella and bring her home. He owed her that. He worried about Simune, although the evidence was too vague to bring him before a tribunal. Gote, now recovered, stayed with him.
As soon as a ship was available, Core went back to Zarn to look for Doella. They found a residue of her signature.
‘Where to?’ said Carnos breaking the strained silence, ‘We know she’s still alive and must find her. Is she with the dragon?’
‘She travelled to him willingly, remember,’ Core answered, ‘She may want to stay with him; she’s not tried to return.’

He studied those who loved her. As usual, Simune hid his genuine feelings - increasingly unsuccessfully, thought Core. Carnos worried she might stay with Wylar and not come back to him. Sark, as always, appeared calm, although mental contact with the Hyclos was difficult, Core understood he suffered as much as the others. Takos appeared bewildered.
‘We must accept she may stay with him. Who knows what effect this blue crystal has on her? Although the dragons are deadly enemies, we realised she’d find the destruction of the eggs abhorrent, and she may settle with Wylar to ease her conscience. You have to face she’s learned to love him. When we locate her, I ask you to allow her to choose for herself.’ He looked at Simune.
The eggs are hatching; mother, father, come. The eggs are starting to hatch. Wylane called.
Doella changed into dragon-form and followed Wylar into the chamber. The eggs hatched together. A myriad of tiny, many-coloured chicks stumbled towards their parents, establishing a mental bond with them, and with Wylane.
She sensed a part of herself in their signatures. Her desire for a new dragon race, less cruel than the earlier one, might be realised. Oh Wylar, what gorgeous colours, aren’t they lovely, said Doella.
They clustered around the adults’ bellies at first, but as they gained strength, they moved away, trying their wings.
We’ll take them to feed, Doella. Promise you won’t leave until I get back. Then I will take them to safety. Wylane will help to look after them. Promise you won’t leave until I get back.
I promise, Wylar, my love. She nuzzled each of them, and then Wylar and Wylane took the chicks along the passage to the open air. Doella followed, sad because she might not see them again for a long time. She mentally caressed Wylane, distressed she was leaving. When her goodbyes were finished, the adult males took to the sky, accompanied by the small ones.
They looked beautiful to Doella. It was still cold and their bright colours warmed the skies, their scales sparkling in the fresh dawn light. It filled her with pride and love. She watched until they were out of sight and then came back to the cave. Changing into her form, she sank into the pool Wylar created for her, surrounded by his never-changing candles, and tried to relax in the warm water. This didn’t help, so she got out and lay on a thick rug. It might be a long wait, but she’d not leave until Wylar returned, and they said goodbye.
‘Levos? Why would they return there, Sark?’ Core was interested.
‘Because they have a ready-made cavern to hide in, and make themselves a home.’
‘He could be right,’ agreed Carnos.
‘Very well, we will try Levos first. Sark, I’m sure you’d like to visit.’
Sark nodded.
Doella noticed the arrival of the bubble. She disguised her signature; not ready to leave.
In dragon-mode, undetectable to the Varan or Hyclos, she sent a message to Wylar to return. She wanted to keep her promise to him, but if the others, who had a claim on her, confronted him, he might destroy them. Doella was unsure what to do.
Wylar returned. We’ll go to the other, deeper lair, they don’t know it exists. It’s hot, but your new enhancers will keep you cool enough, and we will say goodbye.

The Varan and Sark noticed the abrupt displacement of energy, and although they moved straight to the cavern, they could not trace Doella and Wylar.
‘Start scanning right away. It may take a while but we’ll find them,’ said Core. ‘If we’ve not heard from Doella, be careful. For Varan’s sake, maybe she has to stay with him.’
‘Core, as a Karish you’re obliged to get her back.’ Simune was angry.
‘If we try to take her from him and she’s unwilling, we will die, it’s that simple,’ he replied. Core’s remarks fell on deaf ears. No one could stand the thought of her staying with Wylar.
Core knew this. ‘Heed my words, or Doella and you may be injured or worse.’
The cavern was hot, black, and full of fissures brimming with magma, which could damage dragon flesh. But they were safe on a high platform surrounded by molten lava which cast an eerie glow.
Wylar held her close.
‘Let’s not waste these moments, my love. I have to leave soon.’
‘It’s the third time you have called me that, Doella,’
‘Is it? I am sorry I should have told you long ago.’
‘Must you go back? You say you care for me, and we have been so happy these past months, haven’t we?’
Wylar’s hissing voice echoed around the cavern, a repeating whisper. She held him tighter.
‘I must go; I can’t live like this.’ In his mind, she showed him images of what she missed; Varan, its houses and gardens, and her family. And Earth, full of strange memories and places and moments she loved. ‘I must experience that joy again. I can’t take you with me; besides you need to raise our children, they need your guidance. Wylar, you will see me again. We’ll make love anew, your race lives many times my life-span.’
They made love and held onto each other until the bed was surrounded.
‘Please, Core, I’ll return soon. Leave us in peace to say goodbye,’ Doella begged.
Core nodded and asked them to leave. He, Gote and Sark turned to go, but the others remained.
‘Please leave, or Wylar may kill you,’ she screamed out. She felt his anger mounting. He turned into his proper form. Everyone scattered in terror. They backed away toward the edge of the high platform. Wylar hadn’t blasted them; he didn’t want to alienate Doella, but he moved towards them. Core and Gote couldn’t see what was happening because Wylar’s enormous bulk blocked their view. Sark left as instructed. They heard wailing.
Wylar turned into a hominid and looked at Doella with a strange expression. ‘Goodbye, my love, until the next time we touch.’ Then he disappeared.
Doella started screaming. ‘Where have they gone?’
Only Simune remained, he moved away from the edge. ‘They fell,’ he said, ‘I couldn’t stop them. I tried, but it was too late, I wasn’t quick enough. We were so frightened of the dragon.’ He rushed towards Doella and took hold of her; she was crying and out of control.

A few moments later, Sark reappeared. He stood back with a shocked Core and Gote as Simune comforted the distraught Doella. Core studied Sark, but couldn’t be sure of his emotions. Considering Sark lost his friend, he seemed unmoved, even for a Hyclos. Core looked at Simune, suspecting he’d withheld help from Carnos and Takos, but had no proof.
Gote was busy with his scanner. ‘There are no life signs; they must have perished. It happened too fast for them to escape in time. With everything going on, and a menacing dragon, none of us was thinking clearly.’ He shook his head. Sark did not comment.
Simune comforted Doella. Come home to Varan with me, Doella, you need to relax. Only Core listened carefully enough to hear the rest. And bear my children, my dear love.
More to come.


This first book in the series is just the beginning, as the story progresses we think more about our beliefs and possible futures. 
Next one is called Hyclos. 
Follow me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/Angela.Mortimer2 

