Fool's Apocalypse
Benjamin Tikerpae

Smashwords Edition by Benjamin Tikerpae at Smashwords

Fool's Apocalypse text and cover Copyright 2020 Benjamin Tikerpae

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this eBook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy.
Thank you for your support and have fun.



May 18th, only the dead could forget that day; seared into our brains as the biggest joke to humanity, but no applause or laugher came when the joke was unveiled - we'd lost our sense of humour.
It started like any good rumour. Background, inconsequential, white-noise. Piecing itself together over the course of several weeks. Unreliable sources, gossip, things said without a hint of proof. Until this background, inconsequential, white-noise, became so loud - no one could ignore it any longer.
An asteroid, similar in size to most of Texas, was making its way - peacefully - to the belly of Earth.
Dodgy websites were the first ones to begin spouting off about this news. Governments blamed it on certain countries, making up lies to instil discontent and chaos amid the other. Back and forth nonsense carried on for weeks and months - until one day, it was confirmed. NASA themselves confirmed it; and all media outlets of reputable reputation followed in unison and agreed - there was an end coming: May 18th, more or less.
Humorously at first, people seemed far more intrigued towards the various governments who had wished to cover this up - and more importantly - those individuals responsible for leaking out this sensitive information. But fortunately, after all that mess had been resolved, everyone could solemnly focus on the matter at hand - total annihilation.
Now, some people faced with an officially-endorsed death-date, choose to behave in… let's just say… peculiar manners. Some people get very spiritual, accept their fate, make amends with enemies, and calmly sit down waiting for the end. Some people get very preachy, act enlightened, as though they have other-worldly knowledge on the reasons for the impending doom. Possible cults made. Smugness quite likely. Sexual misconduct - certain. 
Some people decide that they have always wanted an eighty-inch television screen and now is the perfect time to achieve such a life goal - that and several other ludicrous luxuries which they'd never had in their previous lives, and so go off looting in newly formed gangs - this creates for a tremendous fun day out with friends - gives off bountiful amounts of endorphins for everyone involved. Yet, typically, violence is pretty much a given, usually ending with a few nights in a crowded prison cell.
Some people take precautions, empty already empty supermarkets of their vast supplies, and presume an underground bunker will suffice from an impact. However, people already prepared years ago for this day, sit underground and relax. Once again, expect high levels of smugness.
Some people do some other stuff, some people give up, some people do a bit of this and some people do of bit that… but the most annoying people of all, are the ones who sit at home all day, just writing long lists with the words 'some' and 'people' in.
At the end of all this panic, anxiety, and paranoia - there was very little remaining of a once… partially once, civilised humanity. That's right, no more civil parts! 
Plenty of repressed ideologies came to light during these troubled times. Some flourished, others merged together, but most perished - mainly all of them devolved into some other creation, to survive. What could be looted was taken, and what could be taken was got, and what was got was had, and what was had was thieved, and what was thieved was… you get the idea.
Then finally one day, May 18th decided to pop its vile head out of the calendar and went straight back to bed. A few days afterwards, people began to wonder why we hadn't been completely consumed by hellfire and flung out through the atmosphere to be unified back into cosmic space dust. If at this point you had anything left which could tell the time, you might have been a tad peeved off to realise, that maybe, just maybe - someone had got it wrong. 
Maybe they were off by a few days? Maybe this terrifying asteroid was still on its way? But by now, what did it matter, everything had changed. Humanity, in its instinctual fear of death, ate itself - entrails and all.
You'd expect at this point, to see someone walk up onto a gigantic stage and announce to the audience, 'only joking!' For this must have been the biggest and best joke humanity had ever come up with… but no one was laughing - they'd either lost everything, become savaged, or found it quite tricky to laugh through a crushed jawbone - amongst other things.

So… now where do I make my appearance into this wonderful affair of harmony? Well, maybe I'll just tell you that - otherwise this would be a pretty short story. 
I had the pleasure of watching this performance from my twenty-storey, apartment block, in a big city. Which city, you say? Doesn't matter now. A big one, you ask? Yeah, that one. I had some-kind-of job. A partner? I can't remember. I had a few friends over, those people who you used to laugh and play with. There was me… insert name here <______>, one friend called… shall we say, Quart… why not? Another called Sage, and a last one called Gen.
Sage was out and about, shopping around in the streets below, replenishing our food and fuel for the night. He'd lost out in a game of 'go get us stuff,' and his mission was our bellies and intoxication.
''What's taking him so long?'' Gen asked, skittishly looking out through the curtains.
''You know Sage. He's a bit fruity in the 'ead,'' burped Quart.
''Maybe.'' Gen didn't feel quite as laid back as Quart. ''But still, I think we made a bad call making him go out on his own like that.''
''How else are we to celebrate our 'New Year's Doom Party,' without food and booze?'' I said promptly.
''I think we should have at least all gone together.'' She carried on peering through the curtains.
''Too late now,'' Quart replied, sipping out the last few drops from his can.
Shaded figures walked below in the night streets, as Gen surveyed from up on top. A few peculiar placed streetlights did little to light a clear path for the revellers outside. The brightest light beamed out from a glass-walled supermarket.
''That might be him.'' Gen knocked her head against the glass. ''Could be?''
''Thank goodness for that,'' Quart said in a sarcastic tone. 
The shaded figure in question walked past the supermarket doors, when a group of equally shaded figures sprang upon the man. One shoved him into the doorway, and another threw an object to accompany his sprawled-out body, lying in the entrance. Gen froze. The group leapt away as a shattering explosion shoved its flamey-head out of the shop front and into the night streets - lighting up the road as if it were day.
A small shard of glass cracked its way out from the window, which Gen was terrifyingly looking through; the sharp, pointy edge embedded itself, deep into Quart's cheek - this, however, would be the least of his concerns thus far, and of mine too.
That was the first time I'd ever be so close to the joke. It wasn't really funny anymore when it happened. At least for a short while. But it only got worse. I don't think I ever saw Sage after that night, but then again, I can't remember when I last met Gen or Quart - there's always a chance I might bump into them now, but would they remember me, and would I too, for that matter?

A scruffy bird hopped about outside, curiously avoiding the shattered glass laid about the cracked window frame. Her head twitched towards the direction of a fumbling bug; in no time at all, the poor little black grub was soon sliding down the tight tunnel of her feathered throat. 
The bird carried on inspecting the area for any other unlucky creepy-crawlies, until she spotted me. We contemplated each other for a moment - a second's distraction was all it took, and a matted, black cat pounced on her. This cat wasn't in the right mind for playing, and the bird was dead in two seconds. The feline made no hesitation and stalked away into the shrubs with its kill, when it stopped to quickly look back at me, freezing, taking me in as my poor, little friend flopped between its bloodied jaws.
 A stone flung past my head, striking the cat on its front leg; it yowled aloud, in distress and limped off into the undergrowth beyond. Chuck ran past me, so I angrily nudged him in protest. He lost his footing on the loose glass shards and fell with his open palms into the glassy pain.
''You fucking twit!'' He rolled over and swatted several pieces of glass towards me.
''You deserved that,'' I said, walking out of the dilapidated archway.
All that was left of my bird friend was the remnants of a few black feathers. I picked a little one up and pocketed it. Sadly, in this world - everyone had a predator of sorts waiting for them.
Chuck scrambled to his feet; fists raised. ''Aghhh!'' He took a seconds thought, as the rage began to deplete. ''What you thinking? Pushing me like that?''
''You hurt the cat.''
''No, not a cat, dinner.'' He wiped the dirt off his shorts, plucked a nasty bit of glass out his hand and flicked it at me.
I closed my left eye, just before the glass bounced off it. ''I'm not ready to eat our pets.''
He laughed. ''There's no such thing as pets anymore. It's food or die, you moron!'' He watched a trail of blood, stream off his wrist and form a small pool, down into the mucky ground.
''Problem?'' Brad walked in and asked.
''Only problem I'm wondering, is how you cook human?'' Chuck eyed me up.
''I wouldn't even joke about that. That sort of thing is more common-place than I'd like to believe.'' Brad noticed the blood flowing from Chuck's hand. ''You alright?''
''I'm perfect. Just your friend - Dr. Bellender, here's, trying to play with the animals instead of killin' 'em.''
Before Brad could summarise a response, a crudely shaped mace implanted itself, snuggly, inside his head. A topless man jumped over his collapsed body, yowling like a mad-monkey. He threw a handful of nails into Chuck's bleeding arm, and with absolutely no resistance, Chuck bolted out the wrecked store - following in the same tracks as the cat before him.
I wished I could have said that I had a club in my hand and easily bested the group of five Ravagers, to go home a hero. Yet at the same time Chuck had his arm decorated into a nail board and left me to my lonesome, a woman had decided to crush half a breeze block over my head. 
I gained consciousness shortly after, with glass shredded on the left side of my face and dark-red blood drenching the other. 
The topless man from before squatted over Brad, prodding him with a sharp knife, and picked things of worth out from his pockets. Another topless man kneeled down the other side of Brad; one side of his jaw had an exposed, metal-plate drilled into it. He revealed a curved knife to slice Brad's ear off, then placed it in his mouth, sucking and slowly chewing the appendage.
This metal-jawed oddity then turned his attention on towards me, sliding his teeth, chopping and chomping on the ear's cartilage. He swallowed; slapped his mate's buttock's away from Brad's body and sliced off the other ear. He began crunching on that one too, all the while staring at me - his knife dancing between his fingertips. The nose was the next item off poor Brad's body. Pinched between his thumb and forefinger, the man rose towards me and knelt by my side. He moistened his fingers and stroked my hair, wiped off the blood and applied it over his chest, and quite notably, his nipples, too.
He forced the severed nose down into my mouth. I struggled, but that was pointless. I had little alternative other than to swallow the whole thing down in one - all while Metal-Jaw gleamed in anticipation.
He leaned in closer and licked the blood from my cheek. ''You're my… de-delicacy.'' He walked away, and I was taken off with them.

The memory of being with Quart and Gen in that apartment block couldn't have felt any further away. Like everyone, I'd had my close encounters with the terrors of this new-world. But this was my first face to face with the reality. Deny, close your eyes to the truth - those were the types of people who always died first. To become the very essence of your natural instincts - to go back home to that cesspit of raw, primordial instinct - in this life, this world - it was the only way to survive.

What felt like several hours, turned out to have only been fifteen minutes; it must have been the cold, the company, or the multiple aches from my head? Probably being completely naked didn't help either. The embarrassment, however, was quickly washed away when I took my first, bare-footed steps onto an exposed tin lid. My companions couldn't give a single hoot about another injury of mine. I assumed they believed tough love would make me stronger, so I could potentially be more like them? But as they never spoke, I could only presume.
Walking with a group of mutes really did allow me to take in the scenery; listen to the birds, see the sights of the countryside, smell the fresh air… the body odour. One of the five kept laughing to himself every three minutes - which was a rude distraction. Another, larger Ravager of the group had an awful habit of clicking his teeth. Though I'm afraid to say, I didn't have the courage to inform them of just how irritating it was for me.
After another twelve hours, or more likely five minutes. My fellow peers stopped to assess and calculate a cautious group of people down a dirt path, whose direction we were coming closer towards. Not wanting to make a scene, they decided to shove through a painful row of bushes, in order to refrain from contact… not what I was expecting from such a brazen group.
''This is bad. Bad,'' one of the Ravagers kept on repeating, into the earhole of Metal-Jaw.
At first, he ignored the warning, but when the weary Ravager began to continually tap on his shoulder, that changed things to some degree. Metal-Jaw took no time to lose his temper and chucked Mr. Complainy-Pants over his over-tapped shoulder. Once Complainy-Pants had been battered onto the grassy dirt, Metal-Jaw applied ample pressure to his windpipe, and we all waited patiently for it to blow over.
Metal-Jaw let the man loose and carried on walking ahead. Complainy-Pants stumbled to his feet, swallowing down, deep breaths of air… into his lungs, probably. An item of his clothing had detached itself, and began rolling towards my feet - it was a head! I did vomit a bit inside, but managed to gulp it back down.
Bright red in the face, Complainy-Pants stomped over to the head and tied it back onto a loose strap, attached to his makeshift, string shirt. It was at this precise point, I had ample time to really have a good old look over at the rest of his attire. His whole body was made up of dismembered body parts; torn off arms adorning his legs, a limbless torso strapped to his back, and butchered arms and hands on each side. He stuck the head back in place on a spike, which seemed to go straight through his own shoulder.
I was kicked from behind to move onwards. I wondered if I would make such fashionable wear in the near future?
I couldn't help but fixate my eyes over the mutilated body parts, strung all around Complainy-Pants for days… which again, was just fifteen minutes. The head had loosened itself upon the spike, and bobbed from side to side; eyes in the sockets bouncing over me - it was dreadful, but somehow, I just had to keep looking at it - all this, over an asteroid that never came.
I followed the body bits and became lost in a hazy-trance. Complainy then decided that he would erupt into flames - why he chose to do that was beyond me - perhaps a protest? 
An electronic sound buzzed out from the bushes, and the woman who had previously battered me on the noggin with a breeze block, decided her head would explode and shower me in all its glory. I'd tasted nose that day, and now I was tasting lady-brain - with trimmings of splintered skull. I had to spurt a chunk of her meaty hair out from my mouth… it was grizzly, I'd have sent it back if only I knew where the chef was hiding.
Blinking the blood away from my eyes, I managed to witness a blurry Metal-Jaw, dive over a grassy mound, just as it exploded and rained down dirt and stone over the surrounding area. I wasn't quite sure where the other two from the group had gone… but the two burning bodies, just a few yards up could have been them - not sure how they'd done that, either?
Now this time I was sure only five minutes had passed. Things had settled, the roasting aroma of Complainy-Pants and those other two burnt ones, confused my senses, and when my stomach grumbled… I felt pretty awkward.
A tall figure walked up close to me and stopped - I think it was a man? A red-light dimmed in his left eye.
''Perimeter safe. Human, I will offer care. Please follow.''


*


''Please, refresh yourself.''
An arm covered in a fleshy/rubber material passed me a bottle of water. I graciously accepted and drunk the majority of its two litres in one go - I'd forgotten what water used to taste like. Begrudgingly, we all had to accept the taste of dirt-water, made by makeshift-purifiers… some of them even used animal bladders to do the filtering. 
''Thank you.'' I offered him the empty flask.
The machine was about to take the bottle back, but stopped mid-way, and scanned its red-lit eyes over it for some time.
''I apologise for the disarray.'' He looked around the room, everything was destroyed and in ruin. ''You may as well drop that on the floor, along with the rest of the mess.''
I'd first followed the machine into a hollow, cut out through an unconvincingly camouflaged, six-foot-high, grassy mound. A narrow, crudely built tunnel had led us into this room; however, it was slightly more modern looking in here, even if it had fallen into ruin. You could sort of make out what used to be a desk and chairs - perhaps a reception area, once?
 Despite these little setbacks, power wasn't a problem, fortunately, and the lights still shone brightly from above, lighting up the whole place - including my saddened companion, who seemed to be in a bit of a sulk, as he glowed in the lights.
At his request, I gently dropped the bottle into a heap of metal and concrete - he noticed that.
''Sorry. I feel like I'm littering inside your home… if that's what this place is?''
''I'll admit, I feel depressed. If that is possible, but it seems probable,'' he said disheartened.
I wasn't too sure as to who this character was; his clothes were ripped and dusty, his rubber skin was loose and peeling - wherever the skin was missing, a shiny endoskeleton glinted in my eyes. He flicked a strand of loose rubber hanging from his forehead, and it flew off and sank into another pile of junk.
''This was a place of purpose, which we are very much lacking in these current times. I'm not allowed to tell you what the nature of that purpose was, but as you can clearly see, no one is left to punish me if I choose to tell you or not.
''This was meant to be a final-safe haven for past knowledge, one last push to create AI and mankind together. Which seemed to be working… until those Ravagers decided to launch a full-scale attack on us. We were ill-prepared, and lost - all is and all was… all but me.'' He certainly did look depressed after that, and quite frankly, I was starting to feel it as well.
''I'm awfully sorry,'' I tried to console the sad thing.
''No need for sympathy. Just laying you out the facts.''
''If I may ask… what are you?''
''Me?'' He grimaced. ''Security. But what use I was. I may as well have been the toaster; at least that still does its job right.''
I tucked my hands onto my hip, the feeling of skin made me realise that I was still completely nude - rather impolite for present company.  
''The truth to it is: I'm not really that brave.'' He turned his head to stare directly in between my legs.
It was another one of those awkward affairs, for a few minutes… then again, my perception of time had completely decayed out of my brains. I tried to casually move my hands around my modesty, in an unbothered, while actually quite bothered fashion. I wasn't sure if the staring Security had crashed, or was just quite impressed with what he saw.
''I should find you some clothes,'' he finally said. Relieving the weird situation. ''I'm truly sorry, friend. I often find myself in deep bouts of thought. My concentration is utter nil these days.''
''Come on. Life can't be that bad…'' Thinking about it. ''Well, actually it's pretty shit. But you seem like a good sort to me. I mean you saved my life. The only future I had with those Ravagers, was on the end of a kebab. So… I appreciate your help.'' I moved one hand from my insecurity and placed it on one of his tatty shoulders.
''I promise, I'll never turn you into a kebab.'' He looked into my eyes, in a reassuring, yet peculiar manner. ''Now, let's get you clothed.''

Despite the abysmal mess of the place, my new friend had managed to procure me some immaculate clothing. They even smelt of detergent - what a smell I'd missed.
I followed him into a room, which looked as though it might have been a dining area once. He dusted off a chair with a broken back and gestured for me to sit.
''One second, my friend.''
He sharply returned with a large broom in hand and he used it to sweep the table in front of us, of all its clutter and debris.
''Pardon the dust.''
He drew up another chair, duct-taped together and sat with me. Security picked up a mass of plastic-wrapped packages from under the table and let them erupt out from his arms, spreading them across in front of me. It was a large selection of food which I had not seen, nor tasted in years - all mould free.
He signalled for me to eat; thus, I did. You can imagine what a taste sensation that was for me. Proper… sort-of-proper food. While I gorged on all the plastic-encased nutrition, my newly acquainted friend placed a single piece of paper on top of the table and began squiggling away some lines over it.
''I haven't felt this much pleasure forever. Please tell me there isn't some dark twist to this? You are the kindest individual I've met since… well, I think since ever.'' I stuffed my mouth with more of the foods. I really ought to have been graceful, but screw it.
A single pop-noise came from behind Security. My eyes expanded both lengthways and sideways to what I saw: A single-little bottle of champagne was prodded in front of me, with a single-little flute to accompany it.
''For days of celebration.'' He looked at me while his other hand carried on drawing away. ''Was the reason, I believe, as to why this item came all the way out here.''
I needed little encouragement to pour out and taste the sparkling liquid. I bloody well-hated champagne in a previous life. But in this one, it tasted of the very titties of mother nature herself… if that is what one is to assume her titties taste like at all - probably much more milkier, but nevertheless…
''Thank you for your hospit-'' I let out a rudish burp. ''-tality. Bless me.''
''Do you have any friends?'' He laid the paper, face-down, in front of me. ''Family or loved-ones left?''
I had to think. ''Just some morons. People who probably now think I'm dead and have stolen or sold all my stuff.''
''Do you fancy a quest?'' The machine tried to raise an eyebrow, but whatever mechanics lay inside his face, made a distressing, grinding sound from within. He wobbled his eyebrow about for a second until the issue fixed itself.
''Um… not really sure I'm good for anything,'' I said with little confidence.
''Oh, you're good for something alright,'' he said, unintending to sound so devious. ''I haven't met a kind human for many years. Not since this place actually meant something.''
''And I assume-'' I eyed the piece of paper. ''That whatever is revealed under this note, details my so-called adventure?''
''Precisely. I've done much-thought processing since you came here. You've given me a wondrous idea, and with that countless wonders and possibilities to achieve, if you can perform this one, said task.'' He made a mischievous face.
''You have been a fabulous host, there's no question about that, and you did save my life,'' I praised. ''Honestly, I'd be rude if I didn't say that I owed you one. Though, not to be offensive, but is there a reason as to why you can't do it?''
''Look at me.'' He lifted up his arms - a metal undercoat shone through the shredded rubber, which once used to represent skin. I wondered why my friend still sat in decayed tatters when there was clearly ample fresh clothing available.
''You look mean and threatening… if you need to be. Whereas I… well, what is it you want me to do?'' I wondered, thinking of more ways to belittle myself.
He leaned in a little closer. ''To find a friend, my friend… I do apologise, but I haven't yet gathered your name?''
''Ack, I don't do that kind of thing anymore.''
''Well, if you don't, I won't.'' He held out his hand. ''Man, I'm Robot.''
I held his hand and shook it in curious, foolish-delight. ''Good to meet you, Robot. I'm man.''

Heavens knows why I agreed to go ahead with whatever I was going ahead with. I blame the rush of energy that had struck me from finding someone so kind and helpful, yet I wasn't so sure how much of any of those things he was now.  
Despite being a machine of great… toasting, with regards to those crispy men outside his humble abode. My newly acquainted friend wasn't so confident in confronting the Ravagers' main home on his own. He needed a fleshy buddy to go get something from them - and as fortune would have it, I was to be that very fleshy friend.
I stepped out onto the long grass, pretending to ignore a couple of foxes digging deep into the ribs of one of those deceased from the night before. I had a quick glance at the note which Security had scrawled all over, there was much to be desired in his childish-like drawings of two stickmen - who I assumed resembled both of us - standing next to a small square, where a dotted path lead to a much bigger square. I appreciated the sentiment, however, and the crazy smiles on our stricken, stickmen faces.
''Such curious critters. I do love foxes so,'' my robot-pal said, next to me. Seemingly ignoring the foxes tussling over some barbecued entrails.
''Yes…'' I said in an awkward fashion, having second and third thoughts about what I had agreed to.
''You are nervous, my friend. But don't worry, we have a killer for that. If you don't mind, let me apply you with some confidence.''
''Sure.'' I strangely looked at him.
With a whip of his hand, he stuck something sharp into my neck. I shuddered, I wriggled; it felt like a thousand insects were crawling both inside and out of me. But it didn't last long, and I felt a sudden surge of courage - a whole lotta courage, I'd been missing.
Somehow my legs took it upon themselves to move on their own, right up to one of those smoked Ravagers. I kneeled to the ground and made quick work of punching a hole, with my bare hands, straight through the dead man's stomach - ripping and whirling the gloopy mess into a revolting, sick batter. Then, for unknown reasons, I scooped up a large mush of the black, tarry matter. 
''Hey! What's going on here?!'' I said to the wind.
''Your confidence, my friend,'' I replied back, for some reason.
Against my will, I sloshed the muck all over my face and body, rubbing it in deeply. My hands ripped off parts of clothing as I pulled them up and over my chest and legs. I continued applying the fox's dinner liberally over my skin and… well, everywhere. It was another one of those rather confusing times. I'd never had an offal bath before, and to be really quite honest, I wouldn't recommend you go out and do it. But I didn't care, I still felt cool, if not even cooler and meaner. Who knows why? Well, someone knew why.
''Please forgive me,'' erupted from my voice box again, as I spat out a tongue or a tooth or an eye… do you really need or want to know?
''Did I just say that,'' I said back, while hands slid more viscera and mud across my cheeks. 
''You need to look tough, and there's no easy way coercing someone to do… what you're doing,'' again, those words came out from my own mouth.
Next, my arm raised up an axe; I was clueless as to where it had come from. It aimed at the body's head and began to chop. Quickly I grasped my wrist and became entranced in a battle of wills over it. 
''This is all part of the guise. Let your confidence grow, and me grow inside you,'' my mouth said.
''I'm rather petrified of letting go,'' I squeaked.
''That's the first step. Let go. See where it takes you,'' my tongue replied.
So, with nothing else I had in mind of doing that day - I let go. 

After giving in the reins to my pal, Security… I think he was my pal, anyway? I decided to drift off for the next few hours, for my own sanity. That's if sanity still belonged to me, and wasn't another shared experience.
I awoke to walking legs, a wide gravel path, and large, green trees either side of me. Out in front, stood tall a crooked gate - drilled into the front of a line of welded and patched sheets of metal - graffitied with naughty, foul words, which lay plastered over the entirety of the long stretch of barricaded fencing. All those typical comforts of home surrounded the entrance; detached body parts, random organs, animal corpses - all that typically fun, homily landscaping you'd expect to find laden around your exterior.
A giggling man, completely nude, lay on kneeling legs; small spikes adorned his flesh, piercing through his arms and legs. Fortunately, he was more focused on whatever joke he had in his mind than the decaying matter smeared over my being.
''You. Cretin. Is your master home?'' I rudely said, from uncontrollable lips.  
The Giggler looked intrigued. He flared his teeth; each one had been painstakingly, and from the looks of it, painfully, sanded down into sharp fangs. 
''A master? I had… have… had… have… had… have…'' the creature played back and forth.
My hand picked up a piece of squashed flesh, which had been draped over one of my shoulders. I hung the meat up in front of the Giggler, and he came out of his repetitive-word trance to become hypnotised towards the dangling flesh in my hands.
''Take a bite,'' I chose to say.
He ferociously attacked the meat; looking like a lover in ecstasy. If I had any control over my gag-reflex, I may have vomited right there and then, all over the creature. Yet all I could do was watch the awkward scene, and hope that one day I might forget it.
My hand pulled out the half-devoured meat from the Giggler's spiky, broken teeth. 
''More!'' he moaned with a foolish protest.
''You shall receive more when you've answered my question: Is your master home?''
''Everyone's home!'' He shook like an addict, eyes glued to the flesh.
''I wish to surprise them with a gift. If you sneak me in to see them, I'll let you have this meat and a couple of treats to go along with it.'' My other hand held out two dangling eyeballs. Or what I can only assume were eyes once, they had long since blackened and shrivelled up into two tiny prunes hanging off little stalks. 
The Giggler wailed in delight. He snapped at them with his teeth. I backed away, but he got to his feet and rushed towards me. Though the panic was as finite as was the creature's leash - which came to its end quickly, and violently, jerking his whole-body down onto the dusty ground.
The Giggler growled in anger, smashing his bloody head back against the stones on the floor. Wailing and fitting, producing a sizable dust cloud that floated high into the sky and hung there. I presumed this was a regular occurrence, as no disturbance came from within the compound. My hand decided to plop one of the dried eyes into the Giggler's mouth; he choked with it at first, but then chewed away happily, finishing it up with a tasteful swallow.
''The rest when the deed is done? What say you, friend?''
The Giggler punched his jaw-bone back into place, with a nasty crunch - it had dislocated itself, somehow. He kneeled in front of me, with his head bowed down, touching the dirt. He lifted up his short-chain, which held him prisoner here.
My hands again began to rummage. This time they pulled something out of a utility belt - I had no idea I was even wearing one. I sprinkled out a fine powder over two of the metal links, and as I finished sprinkling, I simply clicked my fingers and the chain ignited in a fizzy bang; the Giggler fell backwards - and he was free.

I was beginning to wonder why we didn't just walk through the main gates. I mean we clearly looked like a Ravager, with all the viscera, muck, and chosen attire strapped to our body. But still, we persisted with the Giggler, who was showing us the wonders of the corpse pit - exit/entrance.
Again, I felt another sharp spike of bone stick itself sharply into my leg. I was choosing to blur all my senses from the stench of rotten bodies; festering, torn, all stages of decomposition. Yet, despite this, I still headed forwards, presumably driven by the power of whatever my so-called robot-pal had deemed fit to insert inside my head.
We crawled through the four-foot-high, mud tunnel, for only a short while. But again, my displaced sense of timing in times like this did not prove to serve me well. At last, we emerged out from a tangle of broken ribs and hair, to finally end up inside the perimeter of the Ravagers' main home. And indeed, it was a homely place; dirt, shit, and mutilated bodies strung up - laid down, laid up - placed fittingly everywhere. All the comforts of… comfort?
A suitably dressed Ravager had just finished emptying a wooden wheelbarrow of its bloody contents into our pit. He looked quite staggered towards me and the Giggler as if the corpses had returned for tea. And what a bloody tea we had come back for. Before the Ravager had finished his contemplation of us, the Giggler had already strung himself upon the man and was stabbing in his head with a dagger-like rib, he'd picked up from inside the pit.
Not to say I have any sympathy for a Ravager, but the sight I saw made me question that. The man was noiseless, in between his thoughts of processing our birth out of the pit and the Giggler prodding bone into his bloodied temple… I just hope it was quick.
Once more I wished I could vomit at the sight of the Giggler licking out the Ravager's mushy brain and drinking its contents from the dead man's head; the sounds of breaking bone, the cracking of joints, and the slurping and sucking of the black matter. Why am I even detailing this? I was looking right at it! I didn't have control to turn away, or even punch my face towards a different direction. So, I'm sorry, but if I had to endure that sight, you can endure some of the details - how else can we become best buddies if I don't share these things with you?
After the Giggler had finished his long, drawn-out feast upon a once, very happy Ravager. He wiped his bloody chin, spat out some hard cartilage and guided us further along in our journey.
''Wouldn't you feel safer if you put another of those chips in my head into his?'' I asked myself, softly. 
''One needs calmness and willing, for this procedure to take effect safely. Things which this beast lacks much of,'' I responded back.
''Dumb.''
''Dumbness helps.''
''Hmm.''
He moved my arm upwards and formed a thumbs-up for me to see, which he then used to thump my chest with.
''Why do you speak to yourself?'' asked the Giggler through bloodied teeth, viewing our small debate.
''It's the madness sneaking in,'' I managed to say before my friend could quell my voice.
I coughed. ''Nothing for you to concern yourself with… now, where have you taken us?'' my robot-pal said through me.
He pointed a calloused finger towards a round building; this one was more modestly decorated, with a simple cow's head, held in the naked arms of an almost-completely skeletonised human. There had been an added artist's touch, who had constructed a set of bony wings, erupting out from the shoulders of the skeleton - I had no idea how they'd pulled the whole thing off. Even though it was a purely terrifying spectacle to behold, it was rather, how shall I say…? Creative?
''In there is where the people you seek live,'' the Giggler informed me, with Ravager sinew draping from his mouth.
''Do you know of a way to look inside without being detected?'' Security chose to say.
''Ah!'' the Giggler shrieked, as he spat out a shard of bone.
''How about the roof? It looks flat to me,'' I suggested.
''Hmm.'' He picked up the shard and crunched on it. ''Dangerous in places. Wooden beams and thatch. Leaks in places, but many places to spy.'' He made a face of pure agony as he attempted to re-ingest the spiky bone.
''Come.'' The Giggler sprang forth.
We followed the curious creature, as he darted off in his half-crouched disposition, moving from side to side - his loose chains chimed together as they dangled off his neck.
The Ravager homestead was suspiciously quiet, especially for this hour of the day. The few 'humans' which we did pass by, didn't even care to give us a second glance - that's if they were even bothered to give us one at all. 
To reach our destination, up on the roof, we had to climb a ladder around the back of one of the crumbling-brick buildings - it must have been two or three rows away from our intended building, but it was apparently the fastest way to get up there. This is when I noticed yet another, unsettling sight; a vicious-looking metal cage. It actually seemed more dangerous towards the people trying to get in rather than out. A couple of Ravagers sat outside on an old leather seat - presumably on their equivalent of guard-duty - while a large, meaty carcass cooked on an open-fire - impaled with an old, rusty pole.
Through the charcoaled smoke I saw the residents, the living people inside the cage; a woman, a man, and a tiny babe in arms. Their clothes were in tatters, and a thick collar around each of their necks, chained them to the inner-wall, confirming that these people had no freedom whatsoever. They stared outwards from their prison cell with a mixed look of lost hope and hysteria, plastered in equal measure over their faces - it was as though they'd already seen their own deaths, and were now simply waiting, in true-terror, for their hosts to come and ever so kindly switch off their life support. I'd forgotten that this world used to have faces like that. What future they held was bleak… and brutal.
I stopped in my tracks and left the Giggler to wander off alone. I instead, turned on my heels and prepared to walk towards the innocent ones. But I was damned with an impenetrable force.
''I know exactly what you're thinking. It cannot be done,'' my friend kindly told me.
''Just bloody let me help,'' I half-pleaded.
''You can't. We have barely the strength.''
Sweat and tears rained down from my face. I was in a tense, frozen-state. Trying my utmost to run over towards that cage - kill the bad guys, save the good guys - go back home a hero and sleep forever… but not in this world.
''We can do both. I know we can. Come on! What's your purpose?! Right here. Come on, fuck!''
''We will together, I can promise you that. But not here, and not now. We go to the roof first. Then I swear we'll come back, with an army of robotic saviours and kill all these damned men.''
All I could do was roar out a gritty shrill. The Ravagers outside the cage heard that. They had a quick look over at me and made a chuckle of sorts amongst themselves… I guess to them, I was just another soul who'd lost their mind - nothing new here, then.
I must have been administered with an extra dose of courage. I soon felt at ease, strangely. I calmed myself. Forgot the scene, and turned on heels to face the Giggler - who like a curious pet, did not know what to make of the spectacle he had just witnessed.
''The madness,'' I told him.
''Yes… I've seen it in many.'' He trotted off, and we followed him to attend some other awful scene.
Up the rickety ladder and across a few separated rooftops, we arrived at our desired destination. We dropped off a short ledge and our feet felt the difference. It was obvious this roof was no sturdy structure like the others we'd just walked on - this roof was a wobbly, patchy thatch.
''Careful. I'll show you the best place,'' said the Giggler, who moved out first, weaving his body carefully through the straw.
He gestured with his finger for us to come, so we cautiously followed the same path he'd just made and crouched next to him.
''Is this what you wanted?'' asked the Giggler, as we both looked through an open crater in the thatch.
There was a large assembly of people down below. A simple resemblance of a gladiator pit was laid out in front; a healthy-sized crowd stood and sat in the encircling outer rim - chanting out in excitement. This must have been where the majority of the local inhabitants were today.
A largely built man, completely naked apart from a fully donned-helmet, stood tall with a great, two-handed sword in one gripped palm. Underneath a foot, laid the sliced remnants of a former human. He stamped on its back, crushing the ribs in on themselves and forcing the torso to become completely flat; any organs which had so far, stubbornly kept within the body, were soon squeezed out from the open neck hole - like a demonstration for the most disturbing toothpaste you could buy.
I noticed that some people in the rowdy crowd were cradling a head, like a new-born. It's odd what Ravager kindness looked like, I guess this would be the closest I'd get to it.
I felt a sharp prod in my side. The Giggler pointed towards his mouth. I nodded and gave him the dried prune and promised slab of flesh. As presumed, the indigent creature swallowed the eye in a swift gulp and attacked the flesh in his disturbing, yet unique way. From what I witnessed, it was as if the Giggler had completely forgotten about his previous feast, only moments ago - strange, as I couldn't find a single trace of fat on him.
Once the Giggler had finished choking himself on the food, he began to tap his vile canines and eyed me up like a predator. That famous laugh of his which had coined him his name slowly erupted from the depths of his lungs. He hopped out of his crouched stance and dropkicked me through the open hole in the thatch. I made a feeble attempt to grab onto the side, as I fell, but all that achieved was collapsing an even greater portion of the roof in on itself. The floor broke out from underneath the Giggler, and we both fell through the arena air in a haze of straw and flimsy, rotten beams. I broke my fall by slamming myself into the naked Mr. Muscle, throwing him into the dirt. The Giggler made a much more dignified entrance, and landed on all fours, like a cat - screeching in a delighted frenzy.
''Look what I caught! Look at me! Look what I got!'' the Giggler shrilled, as he ran around in circles of the bewildered crowd.
The naked, Mr. Muscle, I'd so inconsiderately pushed over, had already risen himself back up to his feet, with the aid of his violent sword. He couldn't quite work out who'd pissed him off more, and attempted a lazy slash directed at the Giggler, as he rushed past him. Giving up quickly, he eyed me instead - and being the closer of the fallen pair - had a go at hacking me into several, fine alignments.
Before he could put any actual effort into it, an evil screech bellowed out from an obscured balcony above. A smiling face hung itself from the broken railings. All it took was a few glints from his metal plate, striking into my retinas until I realised… we'd crossed paths before.
He was as agile as he'd been on our previous encounter; with no interest for whatever stairs he might have taken nearby, he instead, insisted in jumping off from the balcony and performed a landing-roll next to the giant. He rose to his feet, slapped Mr. Muscle's arse and smacked his privates rather violently - yet the giant made no sound or any reaction to it. Metal-Jaw placed his hands behind his back while looking at me shyly and acting in an unusually coy manner.
''I remember you.'' He smirked. ''I remember those cheeks on your face.'' He prodded each one. ''I remember those lovely, lonely, little eyes of yours.'' He walked behind me, sliding a pointy knife around my neck. ''And those adorable, pinkie earlobes of yours.'' He wiggled them sweetly.
Metal-Jaw stopped - looking deep and lovingly into my eyes.
''That soft, cute, nose of yours… I remember that too.'' He pinged it, like a playful lover. Yet with one hand came love, the other brought sharp pain. Then all I could see was some bloody meat in his hand. And something missing in the middle of my face… my nose.
The blood poured out, but Security decided I wasn't going to react to this. Even as Metal-Jaw held his prize up for the savages in the crowd to behold. He turned and turned and turned, holding it up high, like a well-earned trophy - he'd won the award and now began his speech. He craned his neck backwards, mouth opened wide, and my nose fell out of open fingers, vanishing inside. 
''Mmmm.'' The jaw clunked as it chewed. ''You taste good… I knew you would.''
He pranced beside me and crunched away. My beautiful nose had been devoured - the old friend had become nothing more than mush. Metal-Jaw stood back out in front of me and made a deep, over-longing swallow. He tickled his fingers down his throat as my meat fell through it. He clawed onto my chin and brought his face right up to mine. Our noses would have touched… if I had one. 
''So sweet… I remember you. You're my… delicacy.'' He giggled and fitted like a three-year-old. ''But we don't want to waste you all in one go, do we?''
His wet tongue prodded itself into my open, nose hole. The pain stung, but still I stood there like concrete.
''Bring my playthings will you, someone?!'' Metal-Jaw ordered, as his eyes stuck, infatuated towards mine own. 
He winced and drew a small, white clump out of the back of his teeth. ''Hmm, a little toughness in you.'' He flicked the white mush at me. ''Nothing to worry about my dear boy, we'll soon smooth you out, wonderfully.'' 
A half-naked woman passed him a meat tenderiser and placed an assortment of bagged utensils on a table, which had been brought out specially for our pleasure.
I picked up the hard-white mush, which had stuck itself onto my chest - all that now remained of my once, rather handsome nose. I held it up to a bright beam of light, which shone out through the broken hole in the roof - the very one I'd helped enlarge. I took my gaze away from the bright ray and instead, focused my sights towards the back of the room - there, a drunk man danced with a doll.
This particular drunkard, wore a shredded leather jacket on his torso, whereas below, dangled a dirty, red skirt. I wasn't quite sure what dance he was trying to adhere to, but then again, the bright red, high-heeled shoes he wore did nothing to help his trying.
The drunk pecked the doll with another tender kiss. Someone had made an attempt to doll up the doll with an extensive amount of make-up. Yet, on further studying of this object, it came to me - this was no doll, it was a female equivalent to my robot-pal back home, who had me kept frozen in a dumb pose. That's when he saw it too. And a whirlpool of bizarre attraction and need tingled throughout my dumbness.
Security and I had synced together with a plan. Though as intriguing as that plan came to mind, I felt my right leg detach itself from my knee and join forces with the dirty palm of Metal-Jaw. Naturally, I fell backwards onto the rocky floor. The crowd cheered in delight. I turned my head to the left, just as a machete cut through the elbow. 
''Oh, he is looking sweeter by every chop!'' Metal-Jaw snapped at the crowd.
I sat up to see him break a wooden block in two with a small axe. Then I decided to look down over my own lacerations; whatever chemicals were being pumped around my head, was a treat. Despite the horrendous appearance of my now much lighter body - I had no care in the world for my bloody stumps - I had only one, singular goal in mind. 
Using the last leg I had left, I jumped forwards onto my belly, and with the last hand I had left, I began crawling towards the dancing drunk. But he was far, far away at the other side of the arena, and I was in the middle. I was like a helpless, little bug that some sadistic child had pulled the legs off. I squirmed away, imitating a salted slug, leaving a trail of blood, while my predators got off to my pain with each other.
''Oh Delicacy, where are you going?'' he said as I slid through his legs.
He laughed. The crowd howled. And his minions caressed one another.
I must have been up to the half-way point when he caught up to me. My last hand remaining got the chop next, and I head-butted the dirt.
''Aghhhhhh!'' I finally let out.
''Yes! Oh! Give it to me! You sound so good to me.'' Metal-Jaw crouched over his knees in pleasure.
All I had left was my left leg and a long stump to scramble onwards with.
''Look at this! Look! I told you he was special. Still, he goes!'' Metal-Jaw couldn't believe what he saw, and he loved each second of my misery.
I was getting so close to my destination. I knew it. I could even begin to smell the stench from the drunk. Never had a rotten smell ever given me so much joy and ambition. That was until, one sharp spear, skewered me into the ground through my right shoulder, and a second stuck my severed thigh into the dirt. The third and final spear went straight through the bottom of my spine. None other than Mr. Muscle was the meanie who had shoved them in, he backed away and laughed in a cruel deep voice. Metal-Jaw patted the man's strong muscles and gave them a tender couple of sweet kisses.
''What is it you want, Delicacy? You want to dance with the drunk? Do you know when he last bathed? Does anyone?'' he asked the crowd.
''Never!'' bellowed Mr. Muscle.
''Quite. But Delicacy, you are looking very poorly. You've lost some blood, and I hate to tell you… I don't think you've got long left. But by God, you are a strong fucker.''
He knelt beside my head and placed a gentle, tender kiss upon my forehead.
''I tell you what,'' he whispered to me. ''If you make it all the way over to that dancing drunk, I'll let you dance with him. I'll even honour you by making a suit out of your skin. I'll wear it to my most formal and spectacular dinner-dates. I'll be quite the catch. Quite the eye-candy, I'd say. For I do love you so very much, my ickle-wickle, little Delicacy.''
I felt a wicked sensation in my groin region next, and I mean wicked in a really disturbing way. Metal-Jaw dangled a familiar, fleshy object over my head, with a couple of memorable appendages wobbling beside it. 
''You don't mind, do you? I'm sure you don't have a need for this thing anymore. I've certainly got a few ideas for it; you'll be very pleased.'' He threw it over to his friends, who began playing with the damned thing, in such an undignified manner.
Metal-Jaw rose and gave me a sharp kick in the ribs. ''Go! Hurry now! Do me proud, my love.''
Goodness knows how I hadn't reached unconsciousness yet - probably that chip had some extra magic to it. I tried with all the strength I had left to get going again; I grounded my stumps into the gravel, kicked with my last intact limb, to attempt a go at freeing myself, but to no avail.
''Delicacy, Delicacy. You're embarrassing me. What you need are some balls.'' He fondled what used to be them, and passed them back to the group of people who were literally manhandling them.
''You know what you need? You need some motivation!'' Metal-Jaw clapped and performed a wonderful little jig.
He eyed the Giggler, who was rummaging inside the squashed intestines belonging to the man who Mr. Muscle had turned into a pancake.
''You there!'' He pointed.
''Y-yes,'' the Giggler said, in a mixed petrified/intrigued way.
''Bite his face off!''
''Y-yes.'' The Giggler charged towards me, as spittle foamed out through his teeth - looking more than ever, like the deprived and starved animal he had become.
''There, some motive,'' tittered out Metal-Jaw.
Security had decided to be somewhat silent for this whole event. But I didn't need him, and he knew it. The strength of the chemicals he pumped into my head, and the giggling horror that erupted from the Giggler's throat was more than enough motivation I needed.
I snapped my right shoulder open to free myself from the first spear, and it dragged behind me, still half-attached to my arm. The second spear swiftly followed from my thigh, leaving a large chunk of flesh which was too tempting for the Giggler. He had to stop and swallow the lump whole; choking and swallowing like the wild animal he was. The final spear wasn't into coming out, but I pulled and heaved until I finally coerced it out - slicing its way down and through my back - taking my buttocks with it.
I was free. But this freedom had cruel irony to it. Thanks to the third spear, I could no longer move what remained of my legs, and all I had upfront was one dangling arm sliced at the shoulder. Luckily, I still had good old lefty; though cut at the elbow, it was just enough to move me in the right direction. A thump landed on my back. The Giggler was already finished with his last meal and had caught up to me. He bit into the back of my head, while his broken nails dug out the flesh from my cheeks.
''Aghhhh!'' I growled.
''He still has it!'' Metal-Jaw shouted to the crowd. ''I've never seen so much determination. If only I had known, I might have only eaten half of you, and kept the other as my dear friend.''
The Giggler thrashed at me, punching and kicking his heels in; tearing the skin off my back, he breathed in a cloud of red and sneezed out a blood mist.
''This isn't fair at all, Delicacy. I really want you to have a dance with the drunk. Let's give you a little help here,'' Metal-Jaw teased, using my vacated arm in his hands to wave at me.
Mr. Muscle came back up to me, flaunting this time, however, a grand two-headed axe, and crashed it down into my left leg. When my other limbs had been removed, I had felt something, but for this last cut… I felt nothing. At least now my legs were both equal in size. And thanks to this extra trimming, I had some free weight to start moving again.
I finally reached the drunk and had no hesitation to bite his shin. He yelped like an injured rodent and dived into the crowd. The doll fell on top of me, and there she was - stiff, with a dead-less smile - beautiful. My instincts heeded me to immediately undress her - very inappropriate for a first meeting, I know, but highly essential. Using what little of my body I had left, I used my teeth to open up the long coat she was wearing, by tearing off its one, large button. Once opened, it revealed to me all the secrets that it held, concealed underneath, and what a sight it was to behold. It feels impertinent for me to discuss what was under, but discuss I must.
A lavish arrangement of open circuitry and cables webbed out and around her rubber/metal body. It was clear to me that she'd had a very unfair share of insincere handling. Yet, that was irrelevant and stupid. I saw something deep inside, and amongst the tangles, which made complete, utter clarity to me. I shoved my head into that web and used my tongue to press an eject button, which spat out a metal cartridge into my eyeball.
With my head out of her tangles, my left-arm stump began rummaging around the utility belt, which had faithfully stuck with me up to this point. I managed to empty out most of its contents onto the dusty floor, and right there, sticking out of the clutter, a familiar cartridge stood out to me - it looked a lot like the thing that had just whacked me in the eye… that's because it was identical… ahh, a power cell - this makes sense.
Now just a few small steps before I could die of exhaustion and blood-loss. Luckily, Metal-Jaw had no idea what I was doing, he was more intrigued as to why my dying wish was to bury my head inside a robot's belly.
I opened my jaw to grab at the power cell and used my tongue to rotate it around into the correct position inside my mouth, towards the base. Blasted though, the Giggler who still lashed at my back took site of my wet tongue and curled his smelly fingers around it. He pulled me over and smacked a greasy palm on my face, using the force to rip it straight out from my throat.
I vomited blood and bile over the Giggler. But all he saw was my fresh, bleeding tongue, and he was in unforetold awe over the thing - I never knew it was so long. He took a generous chunk out of its side, and went for my face, biting anything he could get a hold of; one of my eyelids went first, then I heard my right ear tear as he tried to rip it off.
He nibbled the top of my lip off and tried for an eye - that was enough for me - it was time to return this lovers favour. Not my eye, his! I went for one, and clamped hard onto it, sliding it out of the socket and spitting it right back out at him, straight into his mouth. Predictably, the Giggler shrieked in pain; he fell on his back, squealing like an upended tortoise. He fitted and thrashed. Metal-Jaw fell over himself in hysterics, as he bawled with his group of friends - glad to know they were enjoying this.
Maybe I should have had some pity or sympathy for the Giggler. But I had none to give. The sadist in me had to have another go. Why I went for his testicles? I have no idea… that's for you to worry about, and for me to repress, sharply. I say testicles, but it was testicle. I was only half-bad - you never know, maybe this way, Misses Giggler wouldn't be as annoyed with me had I gone for both. But anyway, enough procrastinating. I tore it off and spat it into the crowd. They loved it and cheered, who would have guessed? ''He's one of us!'' I even heard someone yell out - no insult could have hurt more.
The Giggler ran in circles; one hand over his exposed eye-socket, the other over his bleeding, pelvic region. Fury infused, I went back to my previous task: I picked up the metal casing in my mouth, shoved it inside the doll's slot, and closed my eyes to die. Peace at last.


*


 So, I awoke to some changes. I had a hand. I had two hands. And a leg… and another leg. I felt quite attached, rather than portioned out. I got off the bed to find myself in a small but comfortable room. It was familiar… safe. 
Naturally, I had a quick check down my pants. They were still there too. I last remembered seeing those boys dangling above my head and being played like a trumpet in the hands of several Ravagers. My heart had a surge of joy, perhaps this was the start of a new life? Would I be too eager or foolish to assume I was in Heaven? A Heaven. Did I believe in that stuff? Not from what had gone on before - it contradicted everything. But that had always been the irony of life - long before we ended up in this mess, we'd all made.
I opened the door and left my room into a corridor. It looked familiar. Very shiny white. No dirt. I followed this uncanny passage until it linked up to a giant, reception area - okay, I'd definitely been here before.
There was row upon row of bright yellow seats. On cue, they all turned around, and seated in every single one of them was an array of differently shaped robots; there were human-looking ones, with that rubber skin draped over themselves, and ones without - just happy, naked exoskeletons. Others looked adorable. Whereas some looked terrifying. It was a robot convention holiday - was I to be the guest speaker?
All together they cheered, their happy praises towards me bounced around the room. Then they came at me - I wasn't sure if this was an attack or a hug, but I was about to find out. I was patted, even kissed. It was as though I was a cute puppy they'd found, who'd wandered aimlessly into their hovel. It was lovely. In this world, even the tiniest amount of affection meant everything.
A hand grasped my shoulder tightly. It pulled me around, and there he was. My good old robot-pal, Security… out of a much larger bunch of seemingly good old robot-pals. No longer was his choice of attire that of a rotten sofa; he was dapper, smartly clothed, with skin like my own, and one happy smile - I doubt I would have recognised him if it wasn't for his voice.
''What words can I give you… you're one good human.'' He hugged me.
''Thank you. What's going on here?'' I said shocked, giving his back a little courteous rub.
''This is because of you. We're back up in business. You found her, and now we can continue.''
''Yes, I see that. First off… who's her? What's business? And, WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO ME?!'' I rudely shouted… perhaps in excitement?
The electric atmosphere quite hastily turned into a party for one.
''You and Security saved humankind's greatest gift to this planet,'' rang out a soft, feminine voice.
There she stood. The most well-preserved human I'd seen in years. That is, she seemed human.
''Would that be you by any chance?'' I offered.
''Not at all. I'm not that immodest.'' She examined her skin. ''Of course. You won't remember me like this. Fortunately, I've forgotten most of the things those wretched beasts did to me over the course of the last eight months. But you saved me, I'll never forget that.'' She placed that skin on my cheek. ''With nothing but a torso and a stump.''
Well, it was obvious then. ''So, you're the Dancing-Lady?'' I checked over my new arms and legs. ''You're the reason for this?'' I held my hands up to her. She cradled them and gave each one a kiss.
''You're now more one of us, than one of them.''

I had a new family. Robots. They were a new flow of life which filled the air. I was happy and content in this place, you might say I was living with my head in the sand, but I needed that. I often thought that the ones who had died were the luckiest; they were free, they didn't have to live in this horror. Now, for the first time in what seemed like my entire existence, there was a reforming sense of innocence healing back over.


*


I can't remember how I got here? A prisoner. Starved, dehydrated, dying. Trapped in this little, metal-bar box. I thought he was coming back to save me and my family, but he never returned.
Out in the distance, with that deranged beast. I saw him. Several minutes later chaos and screams erupted out of that battle arena. A mangled body in the arms of a saint. Would they rescue us too…? They wouldn't. They'd gone, and any hope of freedom I had, died along with my family.
Severe pain. Physical, yes. But mentally worse. The smell of my child lingered in my nostrils. The Ravagers had got hungry one day and decided to roast him. I lost three tips off my fingers and one from my thumb that day. They got tired of my wife's sobbing by the second day and plucked her out of my arms. They tossed her into the fire pit first, laughing as they watched her flesh burn and her feeble attempts to stay them off. She was cut, she was raped, she was cut again. I couldn't do anything. That day I lost the rest of my fingertips and the last tip on my thumb.
Why I remember these awful things? Why they follow me each and every day? I don't know. But they do.
Both their bodies were eaten, right outside my door. Until all that they were, was just another pile of bones next to my prison cell - mixed together with the remains of countless other unknown bodies, from loved ones whose names I would never know.
I had utter hatred towards my foes. I sat there fantasising their deaths endlessly, over and over again. Hoping and praying in my soul that someone would come and avenge me, some kind of hero. But the reality in this world, is heroes don't exist - evil thrives, goodness dies.
So why did that man, next to that twisted beast, promised he'd come back for us? Why give me hope when there was none to be had?
The years slipped away. Or what felt like years. It could have only been two days, but to me, it felt like an eternity. Hellish. The bone pile grew bigger each day; so big, that I was no longer able to make out the ones of my wife and child. I decided that was probably a good thing. At least they were both at peace now.
My tormentors stayed close to me. They relished in the fact that my family had tasted so sweet; the best suckling pig they'd ever tasted, they would repeat over and over to me, when they decided I needed reminding of my child. They'd even thrown a piece of my wife's thigh through the cage, telling me of how tender she was. I couldn't bear to look at it. There on the other side of my cell, rotting in the corner. I would keep it blocked from my vision, with a hand or a knee. I would never look or acknowledge it. In one corner, what was left of my love decayed into maggots, and I in the other, began disintegrating into the ground. 
They didn't feed me, and all I was given for water was a plastic jug which they would urinate into. I'd only been desperate enough once to drink it - I swore I'd never do it again - for I was waiting for my end, pleading for my death… but it would not come so easily for me. Damn whatever God's enjoyed my suffering, them up there in the Heavens laughing back at me. 
I tired of imagining my enemies ripped apart in the most gruesome ways. I'd come to the conclusion that they were immortal. After all, they were always so happy; smiling and laughing, drinking and murdering some poor soul. How had humanity reverted to this? Was this to be the true face of mankind when the mask had been ripped off?
It must have been my last day, I was nearly gone. I was so overjoyed whenever I felt like I was about to drift off into unconsciousness. Would this be it? Would this be death? If not, then I'd wait for my heart to palpitate so heavily, I'd will it to become a heart-attack. But it always turned into nothing more, than dull consciousness, more of this life for me to live out - pure, unrefined misery. 
What was ever left of my senses, explained to me that the irony I was facing in this life, was that I'd only achieve true, undeniable death if I was to become so happy that the idea of death petrified me. What a jest that endless-loop became. How could I ever get to that point, when it seemed unfathomable and impossible? Happiness, it wasn't a switch to simply turn on, it was a myth, something lied to us as children - where was this happy state? Somewhere out there to be found… but the longer I'd searched for it, the more I realised, happiness had never existed in the first place.
 I would giggle to myself at that absurd prospect. Which would cause my friendly Ravagers to throw stones at me. They could happily cope with my depression, in fact, they loved it. But one second of my disillusioned 'happiness' caused them great irritation.
It was on that last day, and with the last stone thrown, cracking an actually uncracked rib - when a Ravager of hierarchical importance showed up. He slapped the head of one of my keepers, one of three, and muttered something angrily at them. 
He can't do that, I thought. That's my job to inflict any kind of punishment unto them.
''You selfish, fucks! There's money to be made in these slaves. Stop eating everyone you find and take this fuck to the Seller!'' He kicked the one he slapped in the shin, and stomped off, turning back just before he vanished around a corner. ''And feed him too! Proper food! Else he won't sell.''
The Slapped-Head then slapped the head of the woman next to him, who in turn slapped the head of the man next to her. They spoke words to each other, as one usually does. Though I can't think of what they were. I hazard a guess that the words spoken were a command to get me fed and taken to the Seller - how exciting.
The last Slapped-Head unlocked my house door and threw a canteen of fresh water at my head. I drank the entire lot; first out of thirst and second out of hoping that it might infuriate my captor, and equate in a quick death. It didn't. He slapped me around the head this time and threw the canteen back towards the lady Ravager. I'm guessing he wanted her to refill it? He wrinkled his nose as he smelt me. Honestly, even though I was laying in my own filth, he looked far worse off.
He walked around my cell. Maybe trying to look as if he knew what he was doing, or attempting an act of intimidation. But by this point in my life, I felt nothing and I wanted to feel nothing. He was too busy pretending to inspect the roof bars when he kicked the piss-bucket over and drenched his torn trousers in it. His friends burst out in a fit of laughter, chucking old meat and dirt over his urine-soaked shorts. I made one pathetic chuckle to myself, and the three of them stopped cold - they'd heard.
I was hoisted out of my cell and kicked into the cold charcoals of the fire-pit, the very one my poor, sweet wife had been thrown into. The memory made me fever; I screamed a hellish cry and began bashing my skull onto a rock. Just make it end, please! Naturally, in this life, it wasn't to be had so easily. They turned me around and slapped me silly - and not in a good way. I screamed out another shrill of tortured pain and gave into a limp body. My perpetrators showed their sympathy for my mental-wellbeing by crudely laughing at me. The female of the group squatted over my body and pissed. I assumed this was to be helpful and clean the charcoal ingrained in my skin, but I think she was literally taking the piss.
I closed my eyes for a second, when a ghastly taste was shoved down my throat. I opened up my eyelids to see my wife's maggoty thigh. The fleshed seethed from the creatures feasting within, and a few of them fell off and dropped into my eyes. I tried to spit it out, but my so-called friends held it in place. One of them stabbed a broken rib straight through my shoulder, decorating me with the dead. The shock from it caused me to bite uncontrollably, deep into own my wife's rotten flesh.
Why these memories remain in my head? I can't understand, but they do.
I had no choice but to choke it down the back of my mouth, like a starving seabird. It burnt and scrapped its way through my throat - I had no choice. They poured water into my mouth, to help lubricate it down - how kind. And finally, I did what everyone around me had wanted, I swallowed, and it was gone - deep down into my belly.
I coughed and spurted, lifted up my torso and attempted to insert my tip-less fingers and thumbs down my throat to vomit it up. Alas, they wouldn't let me. My hands were wrenched free from my throat, and I was pushed back down onto the ground; cracking a tooth as I landed on my face. The woman sat on my back and fondled my arse. I tried to squirm, but I was too weak and she was too fat. The two men stretched my arms out in front, and they never stopped to take a break from laughing, not a single one of them.
A ripped cardboard box was dropped in front of me, it fell onto its side and spilt out its contents; rubbish, plastic, bits of tat. Yet there I saw it, a metal hand - two metal hands. They hacked away into those hands with blunt axes. Stabbed screwdrivers in between the finger joints, until something clicked and snapped, breaking apart. It had become clear - my mind had been slow - ten tips; eight fingers and two thumbs laid out in front.
My right hand got it first. One of them crunched their heel into my tendons, and someone else held my thumb out straight. They stabbed the robot thumb into the stump, and a large metal-hammer came out from nowhere by my side.
What came next was twenty minutes of agonising pain, as each one of my fingers and thumbs had crudely new fingertips inserted inside. Some slotted in perfectly. Others were more unwilling. But by the end, my hands had each reached a new stage of disability. And I had a new collection of painful memories for my brain to remember… yet, still not harmful enough to block out my wife and child's last hours of demise.

I was delivered to the Seller. 
He barely looked at me. ''What 'ave you done to him?!''
My close companions snarled at the man and walked away, howling like the savaged wretches they were.
''Bloody, brainless fools.'' His chins wiggled as he patted me down. ''We won't get much for you… but it will 'ave to do.''
He treated me like a thing. Oblivious that I was a human. Inspected my teeth, grabbed my muscles and tutted. Pushed me to the left, spat on a dirty cloth and wiped the bloodstain that had formed around the rib, protruding out of my shoulder. 
''Odd choice of a fashion statement.'' He twisted it right out and fingered the mucky cloth inside.
I would have dropped to the ground if his chubby hands hadn't held me up by the neck.
''Put him in the back,'' he told an impish man who stared at me like some startled bird.
I made it two steps until the Seller yanked me at the elbow.
''What the 'ells going on 'ere?'' he said offended, eyeing up both my hands.
I didn't say anything. First, because I didn't care, and second, I don't suppose he was even asking me.
He tapped at my sore metal fingertips. Even had a slight gnaw on one like he was checking it was a genuine thing, rather than a gimmick.
'''ow'd this 'appen then, Meat?'' Now he was asking.
I looked back blank. He held my finger and slightly twisted the metal-tip. It hurt - who'd have thought.
''What's wrong? I can tell this 'urts.'' He pulled it and I winced. ''Not nice, is it?''
It would have been wiser to have said something, anything at this point. Yet my mind was still playing with escapism. So he ripped the metal straight out of my thumb. That got my attention.
''What's this doing in there?'' He studied it. ''Bound to turn your 'ands septic. Best I put it back.'' He rammed the thing right back in from where it came.
I yelped.
''Still don't want to talk to me? You sad? You lost your family, did you? Pity, real shame.''
He shoved me into the startled man.
''Put Meat in with the others.''
Startled-Man caught me by the hair and shoved me into another metal-caged prison, modified onto the back of a wagon. Startled-Man slammed the door and locked it up tight, with his one precious key. He stared at me for five seconds, then let out a high-pitch shriek, and carried on with his other duties as normal.
I got jabbed by a metal pole, through the bars, which belonged to the giggling chins of the Seller.
''Meat. Meet Meat.''
I realised that my prison cell was also home to four other people: A dead man. A sobbing man. A self-harming man. And a woman.
''Now, believe it or not, Meats. Your safety is my utmost concern. That is until we get to your new establishment. Then I couldn't give a fuck. Sorry, that's my business. I take you there. I get paid. I come back and do it again. Simple.
''Now be'ave and I won't bother you too much. But misbe'ave, and you're gonna get raped by Fruity Loops over 'ere.'' 
The Startled-Man… or shall we say Fruity Loops… made a very… fruity sound in agreement.
The cage rattled. I fell headfirst into the door. We were off. The many chinned man sat out in front, leading two, surprisingly well-kept horses. Fruity Loops sat on what looked like a very uncomfortable position on top of our cage; greeting us with his liquid, which would squirt out from under his skirt every odd minute.
The Sobbing-Man carried on sobbing, laying on his side in the foetal position. However, he would change into the Quiet-Man for a few seconds, whenever the Seller would yell out, ''Shut it!'' But the sobs would creep back out again. Luckily for him, this didn't class as a punishment for Fruity Loops to administer… yet.
''Shut it!'' we heard again from the Seller.
''Why don't you give it a rest?'' the woman managed to say, in a strange/kind way.
''You're not gonna stop him from crying,'' the Self-Harmer added. 
He held a jagged piece of metal, in a bleeding grasp, while he sliced again and again into his arm. It was a scene not to make anyone look twice at, not in this climate, but unsettling nevertheless. I couldn't help but stare. That was until the point it looked as if the blade was about to come out the other side of his arm - I'd had my fill by then.
The sobbing grew louder again.
''Shut it, Meat!'' the Seller laughed.
''You've got to try and give it a rest. Otherwise, he'll send him in,'' said the lady, subtly implying the fruity man, sitting on the roof.
''I told you, he won't listen,'' Self-Harmer responded, and even paused his stabbing to say so.
''Well when that loon up there is raping you bloody, don't fucking cry out to me for help! Got it? Bloody baby!'' she not so modestly and quietly, advised the Sobbing-Man.
The Seller had himself a loud and long chuckle overhearing that one. Fruity Loops battered his hanging legs up against the bars, like a child high on sugar. He calmed himself and made a strained grunt. What followed next was a foul stench, accompanied by a long stream of tarry-diarrhoea, shooting out from under his skirt and straight into the ear of the Sobbing-Man.
''Fuck!'' the woman and Self-Harmer jointly yelled, hastily moving away from the mess. I knew it was wrong, but I laughed. What a decrepit and shameful existence we all dwelled in.
The Sobbing-Man still sobbed. He didn't seem to pay much attention to the shit dripping down his face and into his mouth; just one feeble swipe to empty the crap, pooling in his eardrum. All that achieved was the watery faeces being flicked into our direction.
''Twat!'' squeaked the lady. As she and the Self-Harmer further moved up to my end of the mobile prison.
The woman sat down next to me. Unbeknown to her, my crude hands were in the way, and she whelped as they dug into her jeans.
''Sorry,'' I muttered.
''No need. Far more welcomed than that grotesque ordeal.'' She eyed the Self-Harmer who positioned himself opposite us and carried on with his bloody hobby. ''How's that working out for you?''
''Beautifully.'' He grinned, through shoe-polished teeth.
''Can't believe you're still alive. He's been doing that for two weeks now.'' 
''Take a look at this art.'' He pulled down his trousers to reveal a hideous array of dagger work against his flesh. He could literally tap the bones on both his thighs, with the flesh that he'd meticulously managed to scrape away.
''Wanna see the rest?''
''Um.'' I swallowed back the phlegm forming in my throat. ''Perhaps later on?''
''Gladly,'' he said, with such passion, and went back to digging through his arm.
''Just don't touch 'em art-aries, Meat!'' bellowed the Seller. ''Got some real interested buyers in your weird… body-art… so I've 'eard.''
''That's the deal!'' the Self-Harmer shouted back.
''So, what's…'' The woman lowered her voice. ''What's your story? You seem… normal, compared to the rest in here.'' She glanced over the other unique passengers.
I hesitated in answering. It required too much energy, and I wasn't ready to come out of the dizzy haze I'd created to keep my mind off reality.
''Looks like you've been through it.'' She surveyed my metal fingertips I had on my knees. ''They treated you mean. You lost nice people?''
''They're not your concern.'' That took me out of my haze.
''Aren't they? What's wrong? Did they eat your family?'' she said cuttingly.
''Tell me… what is it like being raped? What's your tally?'' I said, instantly regretting it. 
That stunned her. She kept quiet. I couldn't take the guilt any longer.
''I'm sorry. You struck a very sore nerve. You're right by the way. They did. My little kid… my wife…'' I ended before my lips started to wobble.
She placed her palm on the back of my injured hand. ''Sorry. Too much of seeing that stuff has made me revert to wit and anger. Or so that's what I like to think. And yes. I've been raped and lost the tally.''
Emotions, those dreaded things. It didn't stop me from holding her hand back and becoming my own Sobbing-Man, as she, in turn, became her own Sobbing-Woman. I'll let you know, however, that this was very sophisticated, quiet sobbing. But it was nice to have found someone I could grieve with - I hope she felt the same.

Something changed. A background, inconsequential, white-noise had at last stopped. Weird that now I noticed. That was it - the Sobbing-Man had stopped. I'd grown so used to it, that now it wasn't there any longer, I was starting to miss it. Wait-Wait. It came back, that was a relief. I realised that wasn't the only thing that had changed. We'd stopped. The Seller and his minion were gone. It must have been early, by the looks of the damp, morning mist that hung in the air.
''Yeeeoowwwll!'' proclaimed Fruity Loops, appearing from the foggy shroud. He jumped and clambered up the cage to his perch on top.
The Seller materialised next with two guards either side. They weren't dressed like Ravagers. There was organisation amongst their attire; sleek steel plates ran up their legs and arms, woven into a meaty black leather. They paced several times around the prison cage, thoroughly inspecting its contents.
''This is a sorry looking lot,'' tutted one of the guards.
''They might look pasty, but they'll sure be tasty. Don't you worry,'' the Seller reassured.
''Head on towards the main gate, they'll let you through.''
''Thanks a bunch, mates.'' 
The Seller nearly toppled the whole vehicle over, just so he could get back into his cushioned seat. Yet, the reins soon cracked and we were off again.
''Did he say we'll sure be tasty?'' worried the lady, now awake.
The Self-Harmer laughed, as he chiselled the bone from his elbow into a sharp point.
''You heard that?'' she asked me.
''Now you know why he cries so.'' The Self-Harmer twiddled his metal shank between his fingers to lay point at the Sobbing-Man.
''What? You mean he-''
''He knows where we go.'' He returned the shank to his elbow and sliced a large chunk of bone clean off. ''Don't you?!'' 
The Sobbing-Man only replied with more sobs.
''It might mean nothing, but it was nice to meet you,'' I told the lady.
She sniggered at that. ''Seems it was to be a short friendship.''
The horses' hooves patted softly up a slightly inclined, shingled road. Not far out in the distance, an ugly black and burnt, metal-red structure grew out from the mist. It stretched far on either side, with a haggard old door in the middle. This would be our new home. I almost felt homesick for my last lodgings. Whatever sick, menacing cruelty went on inside this new homestead, I really didn't want any part of it. Really.
The metal front was almost like its own omnipotent beast. The double-doors opened, seemingly by their own, sentient accord.
I looked down at my hand to see the lady's fingers slotting through mine own again. Who was holding whose hand, and who needed the comfort from it more? She was white and petrified, looking out at the beckoning gates in front - I must have looked identical, luckily for me I didn't have to stare at my revolting mug all day.
''I wouldn't worry. We've all been through worse,'' I foolishly advised.
''I wouldn't be so complacent. There's always something worse,'' she said with harrowing eyes of a veteran.
''I'm not good at cheering people up.''
She made a small panicked laugh at that. ''You're right there.'' She took her eyes off the looming doors and put them on me. ''What can I call you…? In case we get lost?''
''A name? What does it matter?''
''Matters a lot more nowadays,'' she stuttered, eyes darting back towards the doors.
''I don't do names nowadays. I feel the purpose of them has gone,'' I replied, preferring to stay put in my festering misery, then any form of positivity.
''A negative outlook does that. If nothing matters, I'll try and make something matter, Matter. I'll call you that.'' She smiled - I hadn't seen a genuine one of those for some time.
I giggled at this insane prospect of making light chit-chat, as we were led on towards certain death.
''Sure, if that gives you comfort.'' I returned the smile. ''Not that I should care, but what do you like to be known as? Seeming as you're still doing names.''
''Hope.''
''Fucking hell. Is your surname Faith, too? You mind if I call you Ho-Fat for short?''
''Only my friends call me Ho.''
It was nice to see the Seller confused, if only for a mere few seconds, as we laughed and engaged in polite decorum; completely oblivious to the world around us and those that deemed to own us.  
The double-doors creaked shut behind. We were in another familiar beast - our small moment of peculiar peace got left outside, as reality warmly greeted us within. Our carriage came to a final halt. Fruity Loops was already off the roof and had our prison cell door opened for us.
The courtyard we had stopped in was eerily quiet. A couple of guards appeared and waited in silence. The Seller puffed over to the cage's open door and talked to a spindly man, who seemed to have vaporised out of the mist. They had a jolly chat and the Spindly-Man backed off into the emptiness he had come from.
''Right, 'im first.'' The Seller pointed out to the Sobbing-Man, and Fruity Loops obliged him.
Fruity Loops came into the cage like a fanatic dog; touching and sniffing everyone but the Sobbing-Man. He got so excited that he flashed his willy at the Self-Harmer and slapped him in the chest with it. What I found most bizarre was how the Self-Harmer didn't seem the least bit phased by the altercation - perhaps they were friends?
The Self-Harmer carried on whittling away at his elbow, and Fruity Loops finally stumbled across the Sobbing-Man. Fruity fondled his whole body for a very long and awkward minute. Eventually, Loopy showed off his real strength and threw the Sobber over his back, like a light bag of paper. Off they went and that was the last I saw, and most importantly, heard of the Sobbing-Man.
Then, miraculously, the Dead-Man who had journeyed with us all this way just got to his feet and hopped out of the cage - simply to walk away with a couple of guards - flabbergasted, I was quite.
''Right, Meats.'' The Seller popped his bloated head into our cell. ''You can either form a peaceful line out 'ere, or my mate can rape you out. What 'ave you then?''
''No trouble from me,'' said the Self-Harmer, rising to his feet. ''You know we're on the same page.''
Hope and I quickly got to our feet too and formed a small line outside - all the while hoping Fruity Loops would keep his distance. 
We waited for a time in the shivering cold, wondering how much longer of this day we would see. Cringey as it sounds, Hope had put some… hope, back into me - awful, I know. Somehow, Hope and I had unwittingly linked hands yet again. The Seller made sure to purposefully barge in between us, tearing our hands apart.
''We'll have none of that, Meats,'' he chortled to himself, cradling a hessian-sack, which chinked inside as coins do - I didn't realise that was still offered as payment in today's society.
The Seller looked like he was trying to topple his vehicle over again, as he waddled his fatty body into his comfy seat upfront. Fruity Loops climbed inside the cage and locked himself in; giving us a little smile and shrieking aloud like a monkey, pissing as he did - such a charming young man.
The Seller whipped the reins and brought the carriage around. He didn't even say goodbye. And with that, they were gone, out through the doors and out of our lives.
We had a small audience of guards circling us. Their first request, or shall I say heavy-handed request, was for us to strip. I didn't have much shame to reveal in front of the guards, but I felt terrible for Hope, the lust in the air was sickening. Any attempt to try and give herself some shred of dignity by covering up was shut down. They stared. Memories of my wife with the Ravagers began to bang across my head. I thought those pesky thoughts might have gone, but they would always be there.
After the silent inspection, we each had a single bucket of mildly-frozen water tipped over us. Two guards then made a feeble attempt to wipe me down with a stinking shammy. However, they were much more interested in Hope. I shuddered like the little vermin I was. I didn't look at what was happening, but I heard it all.
I'm a weasel. All this time I've been moping about ending my life, and here in the heat of the moment, I could try something, anything - kick a guard, bite out his jugular - make it up as I went. I could have done something to have helped, and finally died as some kind of part-hero… but I didn't.
Men. I was one of them. I belonged to this gender. And I did nothing but weep to myself. Standing like a moron. Well-done myself. Have a big, gold star.
My naivety had taken the better of me, as I was bent over and abused. I try not to remember much - I deserved it. This was my just reward for my bravery - oh, to be a better man, to be that gentleman - one day maybe? But not today, not now.
After whatever had gone on ended, Hope got to her feet and waited in silence. Another bucket was chucked over her, in some attempt to cover up a crime, in a crimeless place. Our hair was shaved off next. Or what felt like it was being pulled out, by an extremely blunt razor. Two bald, bloodied and bruised heads between us. I realised then that the Self-Harmer had still been with us, after all this time. Yet he stood on the other side with the guards - wearing his clothes and his hair - looking more like a spectator than a prisoner.
I stared at him with a crazed face. I had no idea if he'd been part of the group-rape. But I held him just as accountable. I didn't care they'd had their way with me, I wished they all had if it meant Hope had been saved from it.
''Why do you stare?'' He noticed me. ''I have a special arrangement.''
He looked shocked when I spat in his direction. It seemed like he was confused as to why I would be so angry towards him. Self-Harmer soon disappeared, though, as a rough bag was put over my head. I was prodded and lead away. 
My hunger for death had rightly returned. Just get it over with, what does any extension to this life prove? I asked myself on the off chance I might get a reply. However, despite how much I wanted death, I had an urge to save my new friend - apologise for my weakness. Save her, somehow? Maybe she would save me? I'm useless.
 
I laid on my side, bag over head, hands tied behind, for what felt like my whole life. It was probably only two days, but I'm melodramatic. I had become curious to know what would kill me first - my sheer willpower for it? Dehydration? Or perhaps the rodents which would squeak around me; nibbling my flesh to their frustration when I would yell in pain and thrash my body about wildly.
I pondered in my anxiety for hours on end - my only companion - for unanswered questions to my true purpose in this place. I imagined every possible, cruel outcome that my captors had planned for me. It wasn't pleasant, that's for sure. All-day long in my head, with a multitude of endless possibilities. I was surprised that I still hadn't had that life rescuing heart-attack by now. Yet, still, still, my body kept going. 
My last resort, I had convinced myself, was to bite my own tongue off and bleed to death. Yet, still, still, I was too afraid - why was an eternal death still so much more frightening to me than this very real reality? I decided I would start off slow, place my tongue between my teeth and gently dip them in. I got a little bit in, maybe even a speck of blood was starting to escape, but I'd panic and stop, and start thinking about something else.
Damn you! That's it! Here we go! Final time! Bite that fucking tongue off you stupid, winy little prick! Do it! Do it already! I slammed my teeth into my tongue. It felt good to start with, but gradually it began to hurt, and that was always a bad sign. No! I was going to continue. All the way, then I'd be free. Iron flowed out my mouth. It tasted rough, but felt sweet; for it represented death to me. Before I could taste anymore, I was lifted up to my feet.
''Stop that!'' a voice commanded.
The bottom of the bag was lifted above my nose. Icy-cold water was poured into my mouth, freezing the nerve-ends of my ever so sensitive teeth. 
''If you keep that up, I'm gonna force a wooden block in there. You got that?''
I nodded, shakily.
I was carried out in silence. There was damp in the air and sounds of dripping water. I could only hear the echoes of the footsteps from the people that forced me out. We came to a stop. My old, mouldy clothes I had been provided with were torn off my body. More icy-cold water was thrown over my goose-pimpled skin. I'd never felt this kind of vulnerability before. Such weakness, that even if a butterfly were to have come in and fluttered over my skin, I'd no doubt it would have shattered me into pieces.
After a metal scorer had shaven several layers of skin away from my naked body, I was dressed back into what smelt and felt like another mouldy, torn outfit; the trousers were put on and the shirt was flung over my head.
I was blindly escorted away from my abrasive, wash-room experience, and taken on another echoing journey to some other place. We came to a stop again. The ropes around my arms were cut away, and the bag over my head was hastily removed. Bright sunlight stung my eyes. A heavy kick to my arse flew me forwards, and I collapsed onto a grassy ground.
The grass was still moist, despite the warmness outside. The smell was like nothing I'd ever imagined. Months upon months of living and breathing in filth and shit, my nose had acclimatised to the conditions; it wasn't used to something smelling so beautiful, something that once… smelt so normal.
I slid my head up so I could rest my chin on the grass. There, I could get a better look out into a large courtyard; a mass of mixed people, different races, and mostly all ages gathered timidly about. We all wore the same, once-white, baggy rags. How fetching we all looked, with matching attire and horror in our faces.
What was this place? I had the unsettling feeling that I'd soon find out, something which I could really do without knowing. I got to my feet, pulled the shirt down and pushed my hands through the arms. I set off to mingle with the crowd. 
There was a sense of hopelessness, unsurprisingly. People kept their eyes glued to the floor, and we all seemed to be endlessly circling around a large, empty metal-tub in the middle of the grounds. Troughs full of water lined one of the four grassy squares; a child thirstily drank out of one side, while an old man vomited in the other.
I heard what sounded like the harrowed drowns of the Sobbing-Man, yet I couldn't see him through the wave of wandering people. To the side, I saw two wooden doors slam open, and an entourage of guards formed a column either side of a disgusting, dirty tub-belly of a man; he wore a grubby apron, smeared with black blood.
''That one!'' He pointed with a broken finger.
Two guards dipped into the crowd and hooked out a weedy man. A sorrow looking lady tried to stop them, but she had no chance, no one was willing to help, and why would they? She begged and pleaded. Memories of a similar woman in my life came to light, but I shoved them back down into that tarry mind pit, quickly.
The lady tried all assortment of words to try and change the guards' minds. She had her hand clasped around one of their biceps, as she dug her heels into the dirt, leaving a trail behind as efforts failed her. The owner of the bicep grew tired of carrying the extra weight and yanked his arm free. All that was left in the lady's hands were a few stringy remnants of skin embedded under her nails.
The guard felt that. He turned around and butted his palm into her chin. She fell, just like I had, into the dirt. The doors closed and they were all gone. The crowd which had begun to come to a halt from all the commotion, restarted itself up and carried on in its endless spin around the metal-tub.
Like everyone else, I should have left her to herself. She'd sat up and was nursing a dislocated jaw; her teeth were gritted and bloody. I related to that pure, undiluted hatred which shone out from her. I sat next to the lady and laid a hard-felt, sympathising hand to her shoulder. I know it wasn't much to offer, but what else was I going to do?
After an uncomfortable time, she slid the bottom of her protruding jaw back into place, with a sickening crunch. She spat a large pile of snotty blood into the direction of her enemies and sprang to her feet, joining the collective of circlers. I must have taken her place. All I could do was stare at that bloody spittle, and try an avoid what my imagination wanted to create, for the range of activities that went on just a few meters ahead, behind that door.
''Matter? What's the matter?'' a familiar lady said, sitting next to me.
''Everything,'' I said, not even turning my head.
I felt a hand grasp my shoulder. Guilt and shame consumed me; I wasn't prepared to face her. 
''I wish I could find something to say… I'm sorr-''
''Shut up. Forget it. Let's try and find some comedy in this.''
''Com-edy?'' I stuttered.
''Yeah… unless we might go a bit insane, in here,'' she kind-of laughed.
 ''There's very little inspiration for humour here.''
''True, I thought so too. But now I've seen you naked.'' She tilted her head and sniggered.
Strange enough I felt the urge to chuckle too. I'm not sure how much of a joke that was - maybe it was the madness having its way with us? What a peculiar image this was. In such a punishing place. Yet, giggle away we did - it was cruel poetry.
I hadn't noticed, amongst the titters, that hanging above those doors in front, a small window with a rotten frame had someone in - the Spindly-Man from before - he loomed in the corner of my eye like a scrunched-up spider; hideous and watching - watching us maybe? It was all I needed to take me out of the fleeting nonchalance, and back into the receptive doom.
Hope saw what I eyed too. ''A familiar face?''
''Someone who knows what goes on here,'' I suspected. 
''Do you have an idea?''
''I don't want to think about it.''
''I think we'll both be finding out, soon enough.''
He crept backwards into the shadows of the room and faded away from our sights. 
''Slosh!'' someone wailed.
The rotating circle of people came to an abrupt stop. They clambered and huddled themselves around the metal-tub.
''Out the way, Morsels!'' spoke a rotund man, waddling out from another door.
He was followed by a steaming black pot, being pushed in a wheelbarrow. A smaller company of guards darted into the crowd to make way for it. The feeble audience needed little encouragement to hastily move away from the guards' swinging limbs and weapons.
Rotund stopped by the metal-tub, and the poor weakling who pushed the wheelbarrow, puffed in relief as he let go of the handles and allowed the legs to stab deeply into the dirt. The slosh inside the black pot swirled up and out - splattering over Rotund's bald head.
''Twit!'' he cried. Flinching away from the few drops of liquid which had graced themselves upon him. He was almost too afraid to touch the stuff and gingerly flicked it off himself.
 The Weakling who was having a quick respite on his knees, saw Rotund coming for him. He got up and ran behind the pot. The two chased each other around, in what seemed like a poorly executed play. Rotund tired easily and motioned to a guard, who grabbed hold of the Weakling. Rotund thanked the guard and tightly gripped his hand around the Weakling's wrist, yanking him closer to the black pot.
''Why do you run so, boy?'' Rotund asked.
Weakling responded with a few incomprehensible bubbles of speech.
Rotund placed his palm on the side of Weakling's temple and smashed the other side, bitterly against the iron of the cooking pot. Weakling immediately fell to the ground but rose swiftly onto wobbly feet. Rotund tutted to himself and placed the dizzy boy onto his knees.
''You must taste the pot!'' Rotund laughed, lifting out a heavy ladle from within, and he applied the hot goop all over Weakling's head. ''Eat up, boy. Eat up.''
Rotund clicked his fingers at a guard, who together pushed out the contents of the pot into the metal-tub. The peculiar-looking mixture splattered and squidged itself around the dirty bottom of the tin; burnt and brown, the fragrance of the gruel filled the air - it stuck straight up inside your nostrils and forced you to gag.
''Eat it while it's hot, Morsels!'' sneered Rotund. He banged the ladle on Weakling's head and waddled away as the guards followed him, making sure to bring the wheelbarrow back with them.
Weakling sat on his knees, motionlessly, not even wiping the muck off his head. Behind him, the lost souls clambered over one another to eat the nourishment our guardians had ever so kindly provided us with.
Hope got up and walked over to a water trough. I sat in astonishment, witnessing the poor people lethargically fighting over the scrap. I felt lucky that I was yet to be starved to their extremes. People chewed, slurped, fell-in, covered themselves, and licked any remnants they could find that had fallen upon the ground or even on a stranger; whether tangled amongst their hair, or on each other's faces - it didn't matter.
It was a pitiful sight. Another one to be added to my list of disturbances, and beg that I'd forget it by tomorrow… which never seemed to happen… not for me. I rose up and joined Hope. She splashed water over her face and rubbed it into her eyes. I saw the outline of a few nasty looking objects, submerged in the bottom corner of the trough. That put me off my water for today, I decided Hope would be better off not knowing.
''Not hungry?'' I asked.
She spurted out the water over me - unintentionally, I prefer to believe. 
''You smell that?'' she asked.
''Hard not to ignore.''
''How long did the Ravagers keep you?'' she inquired.  
''I don't kn-''
''Long enough to recognise that, am I right?''
I didn't want this conversation. Living in denial was my way of life. I made an error to look back at the frenzy of feeders. The metal-tub had been cleaned to perfection, thanks to all the scrubbing tongues. And at the point where they were beginning to lose hope for any more scraps, they spotted Weakling with his bounty of dripping food, smeared divinely over himself.
He was accosted from all sides; I saw someone lick off a big juicy piece from the side of his head. Another teethed at the bits trapped in his curls. He was like a big ice cream, being licked over by a team of friendly cats. Or that's what my perverse mind tried to sweet-coat it over as, anyhow.
It didn't take much before someone turned a lick into a nip, and a nip became a sudden bite. That gave rise to Weakling's body. He squirmed and yelled out a ferocious cry for help. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. As if a hormone had been instantaneously released, they all came under the same solitary conclusion - to eat this boy alive. He was pounced on and engulfed in a mass of bodies. I looked around the courtyard, eyed the windows to see if anyone would help - there was no one… and why would there be?
More bodies turned up and dived into any open crevice they could find in the human pile-up. I foolishly believed these people were trying to help the poor lad. Then a woman pulled her head out of the human ball and spurted out a puffball of blood over her head, like a fleshy volcano, viciously erupting. She smiled an unsettling, toothy grin, and dived her bloody face back into the mound of swarming bodies.
I was fixated on what I saw. I wanted to help, but how on this damned earth was I to do that?
The sound of an innocent whimper kicked me into motion. I ran over and threw off the first body I could get my hands on, away from the pile. But underneath was another bloodied body, hammering away at something underneath. I grabbed them by their hips and tried with all the strength within me to lift them up. Yet, they wouldn't budge. I tried to grab their neck instead, but the guy wasn't happy with me doing that, and he turned on me, throwing me onto my back - these people weren't as weak as I had originally perceived them to be.
He fell on me and began to claw away at my throat. When that failed to work for him, he opened his jaw and went for my nose. Luckily for me, my hand got there first, and he cracked his teeth on my metal fingertips. He yowled in pain and staggered away from me. I quickly tried to upright myself, but another belly-flopped themselves upon me - snapping their teeth, just like the last guy.
His nose bent inwards and snapped, as a barefoot kicked him backwards. He too yelped and thought better of it, instead heading back inside the mass of feeding vultures. I looked up to see Hope hopping on one foot. I stumbled to my feet and she pulled me away with her, back to our trough.
''Ow. Think I broke a toe,'' she said, resting on the corner and rubbing her foot.
I quivered and silently sat on the ground. The horde of cannibals had started to break off. Some scurried off with bundles of meat dripping in their hands, to consume in private. Others calmly plodded away, chewing a meaty appendage. A woman sucked and devoured a slithery piece of liver; her eyes caught mine and we recognised each other from only a few moments ago - when she had been like Weakling - on her knees and full of emptiness - she hazed over me quickly and walked away to feast.
The rest of that day I sat with my back against the trough, staring at a single point until the sun left us in dim-light. Hope didn't talk either, she carried on massaging her foot. Maybe I'd thank her for saving my life one day?

The days grew more and more the same. Sleep in cell, defecate in cell. Go to yard, don't eat in yard. Back to cell, be washed in cell. Over and over. New people came, old people left. The circle around the tub carried on moving mindlessly. Its purpose, unpurposeful.
I was standing motionlessly, yet again. Staring into the grass, where they had swarmed over Weakling; I felt guilty that I'd only referred to him like that - he was far braver, far better than I'd ever been. Bits of bone that had once belonged to him still lay in the grass. Each day they were flattened further into the ground by some oblivious cretin. Was that all that was to become of him? This last speck in the dirt. He lived a life forgotten. Now I would only remember him… and after that, gone forever. What did it matter? Did it matter?
I was distracted from my misery, with a poke to the shoulder. I turned and Hope was next to me - my only companion.
''I don't think this is healthy,'' she said.
''Not healthy? Which part? The non-eating, non-drinking, non-sleeping, non-living, non-ha-''
''OK, let's go for a stroll.'' Hope grabbed me by the shoulders and marched me around.
There really wasn't much new ground to go discover. So, we went to our usual spot, behind that particular trough. We sat and lent our backs against it, as I continued to stare into oblivion. Hope tried to slap me out of it, literally. A few gentle taps on each cheek, then a couple of pinches, finishing with a jiggling of my jaw; opening it and closing it. Yes, it may have been humorous to watch. But not for me. Just nothing was anymore. Hope searched for something in the grass, plucking out a little twig, which she used to pretend-write on her hand.
''So… Matter is it? I hear you're applying for the job of 'Slaver' today. Could you please tell me what qualities you feel you have to bring to this role?''
I said nothing.
''Oh yes. That's very good. Silent and mysterious is a key aspect of this position. Do you have any qualms about what weapons you'd like to punish your slaves with?''
I still said nothing.
''Ah, up for anything I see? Very good. Now for some job-related questions… what would you say to a slave who's asking for seconds?''
Still, I said nothing.
''Perfect. Golly gosh you are good at this. Here's one last question for you: I'm rather partial to tickling one's nip-nips with my tongue… sure, it's technically not torture, but I enjoy it. Do you happen to have any peculiar fetishes, perchance?''
Guess what I said? Correct - silence what I said.
''Ohh, the fetish of silence, I love it. You're hired.'' She rolled her eyes around. ''You wanna check out my fetish?'' 
Hope stuck her tongue out and leant in towards my nip. Good God was she brave. Her tongue tickled it through my torn shirt, and after an awkward five seconds, she gave up and huffed.
I let out a short breath of air, which you could have mistaken for someone being mildly amused.
''Did that tickle you?'' she said, smacking her palm into my arm.
''I believe so. Both literally and mentally.''
''We'll get each other through this,'' Hope said, slightly unsure. She straightened her back against the trough and rested her head on my shoulder.
The perfect romantic getaway. I wasn't sure if this lady's skin-head nestled upon me was a romantic gesture or just a friendly bit of companionship. Either way, I was too busy pining for Weakling and trying to repress a dead wife and son, than to think too much about that kind of stuff.

I was dreaming, probably. How else could I explain sitting in a happy household with my child? Unfortunately for you, before I could heavily detail all the fascinating parts of my dream, which you were eagerly waiting for. I awoke. In water. Blessed be it wasn't my water, but the water from a lovely bucket of refreshing liquid filled to the brim with slabs of thick ice.
My eyes opened from blackness into blackness. I was lifted and shoved out of my cell. Some hands placed me in the washing room and I was further cleaned down, vigorously. However, on this occasion, instead of having my rotten garms thrown back at me - I was offered a towel. A TOWEL! A cotton, clean towel.
I was far too afraid to just use the thing, until someone had to physically begin wiping me down with it, to establish that I was allowed to use it. After I finished, a squeaky trolley rolled up next to me, with fresh clothing. I was too anxious to even look at it. It made me quite shy and possibly even blush.
''Just fucking put it on!'' an angry guard yelled. So, I did as he told me too.
I was walking on clouds. My feet hadn't graced the soul of a shoe, ever since I'd been placed in that Ravager prison with my beloved ones. Even though the skin on the base of my feet had turned into rigid leather, I appreciated the sentiment.
It had been hammered into me, that I was to flinch whenever a guard came close. But this time, there was no shoving or pushing. I was gestured to follow them, rather politely. So, follow I did. Two guards behind me, two guards in front.
We arrived at a rusty, metal door. Unnecessary chains had been soldered into it, to give off a charming aesthetic. One guard trying to prove his worth, heaved the door open, and outwards I stared into a black night. The two in front escaped outwards into darkness. A guard behind jabbed me harshly in the back of the ribs with the end of a wooden baton. I felt the rib crack, and the other guard heard it. He backhanded the man to the floor.
''Idiot! They're suppose' to be untouched.'' He kicked his heel into the guard's helmet. ''If they find out, I'm blaming you!''
The baton guard stumbled to his feet and dusted off his jacket. He stood in silence. The abrasive guard tutted and kindly drew his arm out to me, to lead the way.
''Please, if you will?''
I'd more than enough broken bones and torn things to easily forget this extra little addition to the collection. So, once again, I continued. I walked out into the bitter night; tiny flakes of frost chilled my cheeks. A horse and carriage lay out in front. Was this for little old me?
The door swung open and a guard offered me a hand up to enter, like the dainty lady I was. Once inside I immediately succumbed to the overwhelming comfort of the plush seating. What a comfort I had missed for so long. The door slammed shut and someone bolted it from the outside. Two seconds gone and my head smacked into the backing as the carriage was off. The windows were too misty to see where we were going, plus the red, velvety blinds drawn across didn't really help either.
I laughed. Did they forget who I was? I liked being special for just a few hours, how long would it take for them to realise I was nothing? I turned my head to face a woman in front of me. I certainly remembered her from somewhere before. Though I couldn't really place her face. Maybe the constant buckets of ice had finally had their way with my brain?
''Matter? You seem a tad… mad?'' Hope reassured me.
Reality restored itself. ''Oh, it's you.''
''You old charmer.'' She smirked.
It was her? She looked so different. Must have been the lavish gown she wore and blooming wig… and was that make-up smothering her face, too? Just when I'd started falling in love with the mud and blood. 
''You look… smarter,'' I complimented.
''You too… it seems,'' she offered back.
I noticed a blackened smile in the corner of my eye. Someone sat beside Hope. Who was this extra character joining our jolly threesome?
''Beautiful. Both of you!'' a familiar man said.
Again, this irritation was dressed the very opposite to how they'd been presented on our last encounter. It took a few enjoyable seconds to remember when we'd last met. Ah, then I got it - in our marvellous, motivational, movable, mobile - meat prison cell - the Self-Harmer.
I'd never seen him so dapper. Honestly, I thought by this point in time there'd be nothing left of him unharmed. But thanks to the handsome suit he wore, it covered up all little secrets. I remembered that when we'd last seen one another I'd spat at his feet. I held him just as accountable for the group-rape. Maybe I ought to have spat again, this time over the dandy outfit he sat in… but why bother?
''I guess at this point someone expects me to ask what is going on?'' I managed to coax my body into saying.
''We are guests to a party. A very exclusi-''
''Shut up,'' I told the Self-Harmer. ''Did you always have ginger hair?'' I asked Hope, realising the lavish wig spraying out and down from her head.
''Maybe? How am I supposed to remember? It was either this or lose a hand… think I made the wrong choice,'' she chuckled.
''Do you realise why you two were cho-''
''Shh.'' I gestured to Self-Harmer. ''Hope, how have you been faring these past few days?''
''We'll soon sort this unruly behaviour out,'' said Self-Harmer, slightly irritated, rolling down the window. ''Excuse me! Would one of you be so kind as to teach our male guest some decorum… not too rough.'' 
''Hmm… this doesn't sound good,'' I joked to Hope.
My door flung outwards and a guard walloped me around the head with a steel gauntlet. I didn't even get a chance to see where the fist had come from, as the door had shut just as quickly as it had opened. I pushed myself back upright and winced at the stinging coming off my ear. A quick pinch with my metal-tips and I observed the small amount of blood, glistening on my fingers - I think the top of my ear had split.
''It isn't my intention to harm you… but you really need to behave and listen to me, especially with where we're headed,'' advised old Self-Harmer.
''How is it that you're in charge?'' I asked.
He let out a few short laughs. ''I'm far from in charge. I have an arrangement. And I was quite fond of our last grouping, with the Seller. You realise the only reason you're here is because of me. I requested your presence.
''Would you rather be left in that yard? You do know what happens to all those people in there, right? How long before one of you were called up to be roasted?'' 
''Ro-roasted?'' Hope gulped.
''Well, my dear.'' He turned to Hope. ''There are many ways to cook a human. And believe me, most people who do the cooking aren't too fussed about the pain you're feeling.''
I rather wished that guard had hit me a little bit harder by this point.
''I digress. We're guests tonight for a delightful occasion. Bring on the champagne! Let's move on from this dreary subject and progress to happier tidings.''
With that notion, a bottle popped, and a glass with bubbles appeared in my hand - boy, did I hate champagne - but Hope drank, so I drank.
''Let me ask you one question… whatever your name is.'' I sipped the beverage and cringed.
''Please tell.'' Self-Harmer looked intrigued.
''You brought us up to this point now?''
''Yes, right here.''
''Okay.'' I braced myself. ''How much control did you have when we all got off that prison wagon?''
''What is it you're suggesting?'' He eyed me up.
''Think back, if you can, to what happened while we waited out in that cold courtyard.''
Self-Harmer wriggled uncomfortably. He knew.
''You blame me? How could I possibly stop that? I belong to someone; they can't harm me. You two? I wouldn't wish that on anyone, but they won't listen to me. If I made any attempt to stop it, I would have had my ribs broken - belonging to another or not.''
I noticed Hope was looking into a void. I didn't want to do this, but I had to ask. I felt terrible taking away that strong front she'd been so good at maintaining.
''I do hope you're not this ghastly when we reach our destination,'' he huffed and said no more.
The fake atmosphere had been spoilt, a rotten reality seeped in and contained us all within its silence. I broke Hope and scorned the Self-Harmer. He looked through the curtains on his side of the door and pressed too hard on the champagne flute; the glass shattered and his thumb sliced open over the shards. I couldn't tell if he had noticed or not, as the glass went further and further in, until it protruded out the other end, grinding his nail from underneath. I mean he was called the Self-Harmer - it was all part of his shtick.
The carriage carried on. Horses and guards content on the outside - inside the innards… less so.
I stirred. We'd come to a gentle stop. One of the horses neighed. A sharp squeak of a gate and we moved onwards again. It was too dark to really see anything out of the window next to me. I saw a couple of old-fashioned lamps light up the entrance to a grand manor. Here we had arrived at our destination. 
I was impressed. Did things like this still exist in a world like ours…? Obviously, yes.
Self-Harmer tapped his window and the door unlocked. He exited with haste, slamming the door closed. A clunk indicated the door had been relocked.
Hope and I looked at one another. 
''Any words?'' I suggested.
She had none. Shook her head and downed the drink warming in her hands.
My door unlocked and opened. ''Please, madame first. Would you care to follow me?'' a smartly dressed man asked.
We discharged the carriage and were escorted on foot through the front entrance of the manor. The man leading us could have almost been classed as a butler; he did look fitting in his tuxedo. Despite the two guards who followed closely behind, I was spellbound by the regal glamour of this place. Whoever the owner was of this establishment, they clearly favoured the colour red; be it the dark-red carpets we walked over, or the ruddy painted walls that reached up to high heights, joining up with the ceiling and the intricately drawn pictures, exquisitely adorning them.
I was utterly impressed with the beauty of this homestead. Too invested in all the hung paintings, furnishings, and pretence, that I didn't even realise our group had come to a halt. I bashed straight into Hope, who in turn headbutted the butler. The guards felt that; thinking I was doing it on purpose, they rushed over to me, hilts of their weapons in hand. Luckily, the butler understood this to be a misunderstanding and gestured for the guards to pullback. I must say I was pleased; I could feel the heaviness of a large object hovering over my head - my brains couldn't afford to take another beating - they were safe for now.
The butler smirked and opened a set of wooden doors. We were ushered into a delightful dining room; another fanciful area with its own bar and plump settees, awaited to comfort some lucky people's aching bodies - perhaps those bodies were to be ours?
Yet that was one side of this vast room. We were heading towards the other-half. There, many sturdy, cushioned chairs, lined against a strong oak table; four places had been set up for a dinner. I was led and seated at the bottom head of the table. Several meters away, Self-Harmer sat opposite, at the topside. Hope sat to my left, and one unoccupied seat was awaiting another - to the right of Self-Harmer. 
Was I ever the fool to actually believe I'd possibly ascended from slave to master? But I bought it - I just didn't care… idiots usually don't. 
The butler took a step back to appreciate his own work, gleefully nodding to himself. He made a shy notion to some people lurking in the room's shadows. Hope and I were suddenly held in place, while a thick chain was hooked around our bellies, bounding us to the chairs we sat in. Our ankles and wrists were individually shackled, linking up with a long chain which was locked through a steel hoop, welded to the back of our 'specially' modified seating. This meant that if I wanted to reach my right hand out to touch the table, my left hand would be pulled backwards - the same went for our feet, also.
Seemed we wouldn't be going anywhere in a hurry. Sadly, the grand delusion of being considered something special was sharply cracking away to reveal its true form to me… it was just me. No crown or sceptre, just plain, dull, old me. Boo. 
I realised I had been deceived by our soft, welcoming chairs. For they had been painted to give off a wooden effect, when in reality they were made out of strong iron, welded into the floor. Maybe this wouldn't be turning into the most fabulous evening I had believed it to be. Self-Harmer gave me a pitiful smile, he again, had been left alone - unchained and boundless - sitting in what I presumed was just your normal, average-day chair.
Once the guards had fitted us up and ensured our restraints were holding us in nice and snuggly, they backed off into the shadows of the room, from whence they came. A little door to the right side of where I sat, opened up, and in came several servants pushing trolleys, lined with a selection of warm and cold dishes, all covered over with smart, shiny-steel domes. Despite the uncomforting chains, whatever food was inside smelt divine. I hoped that I would get a little taste before any more weirdness began.
The dishes were placed at their appropriate destinations on the table, and the servants dashed off back through the little door. The butler inspected us again, he straightened out the wig on Hope's head, and used a handkerchief to wipe some sweat off my brow - how very polite of him. The butler nodded to himself again and took out a wooden taper, which he lit. He walked quietly around us, lighting candles on the table and odd ones, dotted around the room. He swiftly snuffed out the taper and left us, leaving through the little door - we were alone, at last.
The lights began to dim, and the room became an eerily dark place to be in; the orange glow from the flickering candlelight danced around the table and up over Hope's face - it made it look as though she was disappearing in and out of her ridiculous wig.
Those old, wooden doors reopened. One single, black figure entered and closed them behind. They were silent. It was just silence. I heard what sounded like something being poured, and then moments later a couple of soft steps walked into the middle of the room. With a clunk, some oldy music started playing and echoed across the dinner table - becoming the background to tonight's event.
I was becoming more aware of Hope's heavy breathing… but then again, she was probably well aware of mine, too. Something nicked the back of my neck. I couldn't quite tell if I'd imagined it or not… was that a light trickle of blood flowing down my back?
Hope yelped; I could only guess that the same had been done to her. Behind Hope, a figure moved, and for a second, one of the candles flared up to reveal a new face to the side of her. They swiftly moved away and stood behind Self-Harmer; a knife came up and sliced against the back of his neck - he didn't moan at all, in fact… he smiled. The figure sank into the cushion of the last remaining seat at the table - in front of Self-Harmer and next to Hope.
''Lights up,'' a softly-spoken voice asked.
They turned back on, but only to half their brightness from before.
''Who have you brought me today, Monty?'' our host said to Self-Harmer/Monty.
''Two lovely, possibly even clever individuals.'' Monty leaned in. ''Beautiful, bright people.''
Our host drew out the small dagger he'd used to cut our necks with and tapped his fingernails against the blade. He lowered his head and coyly looked up to me and Hope from the side of his eyes, with a delighted grin upon his face.
''Lovely people you say, Monty?'' He placed the dagger in its sheath, clipped through his belt.
The host sprang to his feet and crouched in between me and Hope.
He pinched our knees, gleefully. ''Tell me your names, if you will?'' was his request.
Such a simple question asked, but for me, it had an impossible answer. Fortune struck me again, as Hope decided to break the short pause.
''Hope.'' Her chains clinked and tighten as she moved forwards. ''This one's Matter.''
''Peculiar.'' Our host wasn't too sure about that. ''Let's take a look at you, Hope.''
Host got too close for comfort; he was thin but there was muscle. Host sniffed around her, prodding and pushing. He had a little lick at the tiny incision he'd made on her neck, and contemplated the flavour for some time.
''Your hair isn't quite my taste.'' He removed it to reveal her buzzcut underneath. ''Too ugly.'' Host placed it back on top. ''Not to worry, Hope, you'll still do. Very good, Monty. Why don't you pour us out some wine?''
Monty picked up a silvered jug and began making the rounds as waiter; pouring out some sweet beverage into our eager and willing cups.
Next, Host focused on me. I found myself shivering as his eyes saw something on my face which I had no idea was there. I wasn't sure what he was planning up in that skull of his. His eyes darted towards my metal-fingertips, as a candle flame flickered and glinted off them.
''Oh dear. What cruelty is this?'' He cradled my hands, investing everything he had in them. ''Pray tell me what beast did this, Matter?''
''Ra-''
''Ravagers, of course! Who else, Matter, who else?!'' He got to his feet and slammed the table in protest. ''Savage wretches! But in these cruel times that we live in, it's in everyone's interest to have alliances. But that doesn't mean I agree with this, Matter, it doesn't.''
I laughed at that. I laughed a little too much.
''Tickles you does it?'' Host said irritated.
''Tickles me it does, Mein-Host.''
Host froze and stuttered his head around to the back of the room, motioning with his forehead for the shadow-guards to disperse - that which they did - out through the double-doors. Now, we were truly alone with our Host.
As soon as the guards shut the wooden doors behind themselves, Host grabbed my left hand and slammed it against the table; my hand then decided it would glue itself to the oak - must have been the dagger he pushed through it? I admit, I yelped. It hurt. That pain I thought I could numb, didn't agree so easily with my plan.
''Tell me, Matter. How much does that tickle you?'' Host was ever so disappointed in me.
Instinctually, I wanted to pull the dagger out, but if I pulled my right-hand forwards, the chains would tighten and pull my left hand backwards. Unless I wanted to rip lefty through that dagger, it was staying put. 
Hope was being smart and keeping herself silent. Self-Harmer/Monty… whatever his name, had finished pouring out the red wine into our flutes, and was enjoying the taste of his own drink, as he sat back at the head of the table. It was in this moment I noticed that the oak table was scarred - it was full of many older knife marks dented into it - many, many knife marks.
''Matter, do you want that knife out of your palm? Dinner is getting cold? We should be enjoying one another's company… not resorting to such sully tactics… at least not this soon,'' he laughed out. ''Do you want the dagger out - a simple yes or no, please dear?''
''Please,'' I begrudgingly submitted.
The blade was out before I'd even finished my one and only word. I immediately grabbed my hand to inspect the damage done.
''Put it back, Matter!'' Host sternly demanded.
I reluctantly hovered it back over the same bloodied spot.
''Let's test your manners, shall we? Here we go…'' He cleared his throat. ''You called me Host, but do you know my real name in sophisticated situations like these?''
I shrugged.
''Valerie.''
Still the fool, I took the bait and laughed rather loudly.
''Oh, Matter.'' Host/Valerie said, as he sliced the dagger right back into the fresh slit, he'd made only moments ago.
I grimaced at the pain. I wasn't laughing anymore. But to my bewilderment, I could swear I heard Hope let out a titter too; maybe she wasn't as scared as I had assumed. Valerie had heard it too, and he fell backwards onto her lap. He withdrew a second dagger from his belt and directed it straight towards Hope's eyeball.
''Did you laugh too, my girl?'' Valerie questioned.
Hope tried to blink but the daggers point kept the eyelid open. Petrified, Hope shook her head, too shaken to speak.
''That's what I thought,'' Valerie said, slicing the tip of Hope's nose clean off. She wailed for a few seconds and clenched her jaw. The red tip ran with watery blood, flowing into her teeth. I couldn't fathom if what I'd seen really had happened. I held my head down. Then I remember who I was, and all that wretched weakness rightly came back to comfort me.
''You really have brought me a troublesome, little duo - haven't you, my sweet?'' he asked Monty.
Valerie twiddled the little nose tip between his fingers. Not really sure what to make of it. He threw it over to Monty, where it landed inside his half-empty flute.
''Swallow it, Monty.''
''Really?'' He made a disgruntled face.
''Don't make me ask twice, dear. Down it with the wine, it will be fine.''
Monty did. Swallowing it whole, while trying to keep a straight face.
Valerie took out a handkerchief from his top shirt pocket and whacked it into Hope's chest.
''Clean yourself up.'' He looked at her with utter filth. ''You know what, I've changed my mind about this.'' Valerie yanked the wig off her head and placed it on top of his own, wonderfully kept-hair, before throwing it into the shadows of the room.
''That will remind me of who you really are. Honestly, Monty, I expected better from you.'' Valerie tutted, while still finding it amusing.
Monty's face saddened. ''They are… they are decent. Just unruly. That's-that's why they interested me, and I thought, would interest you too, Valerie.''
''Yes, yes. We'll see about that.'' Valerie focused his attention towards the dishes on the table. ''Let's eat something, shall we? Service, Monty, service.'' He clapped his hands together.
Valerie sat back down in his seat, while Monty dished out the covered curiosities in front of us; a cheese soufflé was unveiled underneath, and my holy goodness did it smell exquisite. It was near enough to godliness, that I almost forgot completely about the last four minutes.
''Tuck in. Fill your bellies!'' Valerie ordered.
Hope ate, trying to hold back her sobs. I devoured my dish, though it was a tricky procedure; with poor lefty still stapled into the table, I couldn't quite reach the soufflé with righty. So, I had to manoeuvre my plate nearer to the edge of the table with my fork and place my lips over the melting cheeses, as I attempted to suck and scoop up the scolding pleasure into my mouth.
''Matter, you are a disaster,'' Valerie said in disgust, over my uncivilised eating method. ''Tell me you'll be a good boy, and I'll release that blasted dagger from your palm, once more.''
''P-ple-lease,'' I spluttered out my soufflé, rudely over the fine tablecloth. ''I'll be good.''
''Such mess.'' Valerie got back up to his feet and released my hand from the stinging blade. After I wrapped up the hole in my hand with a spare handkerchief, I was happily enabled enough to finish off the rest of the delicious dish.
We'd all finished. I looked at poor Hope, who had that handkerchief still plastered inside her nose. The blood had dried and the cloth was stuck to the freshly, clotted blood. She looked miserable. I had to try and not feel the pain this time. This was it, I had to be mad in this madness to survive - forgive me, Hope.
Valerie dabbed his lips with a second handkerchief. ''Absolutely splendid. Why don't you clear this up, Monty?''
Monty obliged him and carried on with his master's task.
''Ah, I love this one!'' Valerie squealed in ecstasy, as the gramophone playing peacefully in the background changed track. ''More wine anyone?''
''I'd be absolutely delighted for more, Sir,'' I said with my mind full of crazy.
Valerie jumped to his feet. ''See, I knew you'd get in the mood.'' He drew forth a wooden box and neatly arranged three shot glasses in a row, filling up each one with more of the dark, red wine.
''Stop sobbing, Hope. Get in the mood like you friend - Matter.'' He pulled off the handkerchief from her nose and threw it behind himself.
Valerie danced over to the gramophone and turned up the music. He boogied on over towards me, singing along to a song I'd never heard of before. He laid an arm over me and topped up my glass, while forcibly caressing each of my nipples - I tried to let it slide, forcing my mind away from what was happening. Valerie sat on top of me, with eyes longing for my soul - he kissed me on each cheek and tried to shove a tongue down my throat. I arched my neck away, but he grabbed both his hands onto my head and forced himself on me - this was some first date.
After Valerie had finished, he walloped me hard with two aggressive slaps and had an unwarranted fondle with my nether regions - I mean, really?! I thought that I might get away with headbutting him at this point, but I feared to know what the repercussions, lurking inside his head would be.
''Monty. Prepare the main course!'' Valerie turned his head around to ask, and Monty did as Monty told.
My dish was served and Valerie slid off my legs, giving his hand a quick sniff over. He uncovered the second dish; a rich gravy pleasured my nostrils, as I looked down to a plate of mash potatoes and green vegetables. 
''It's Heaven, isn't it?'' Valerie smirked. 
He danced over to Monty and pushed him back into his seat.
''Drink. Tuck in my friends. Be merry!'' he bellowed.
We did. Well, we tried our best with the counteracting chains. I tasted the mash and it was sweet and buttery. The vegetables were grilled and salty, well-done. Yet chilling, it seemed that one-quarter of the plate had been purposefully left empty. I was hoping it was just my greedy mind wanting more, but I wasn't too sure. I looked across the table to find Hope delicately taking nip-bits out of her dish. I tried to get her attention, but she wasn't having it.
I'd finished most of my wine and had mopped up the last bits of gravy with my mash, when I made the poorly timed choice of looking up at Monty. He hadn't even touched his food; Valerie was lathering his neck with a wet tongue - great! Another awkward event I had no choice but to be privy to. They kissed as Valerie caressed Monty - at least they both seemed to be enjoying themselves. Hope took note and looked over too. She decided to pay me attention and made a curious expression on her face.
''Don't think they're hungry,'' I whispered.
''Nob,'' Hope replied.
''Sorry, about the… erh…'' I wiggled my finger towards my nose. 
''Thanks.'' She looked down and gave into some crazed laughter. ''I must look so hideous.''
''True, but you were already ugly to begin with, so no real difference… if anything, quite an improvement, I'd say,'' I joked.
''Fucker,'' she laughed.
''A good friend of mine once said, 'you need to find some comedy in a world like this.'''
''Yeah. But that lady was mental!'' she blurted.
At that point, my perving eyes couldn't help themselves, but take a quick look-see, topside of the table, to see what our Host and Self-Harmer were doing to one another. Valerie had a dagger in hand and used it to cut all the buttons off Monty's shirt. Once opened, he started to fondle around his chest and assault those nipples, as he had done to mine - why the hell was I still watching this?!
You got the proper authenticated, certificate of guarantee that Monty was the Self-Harmer now; his chest was riddled with slices and ugly scars, unconvincingly trying to cover up chunks of flesh that had been previously torn out.
Valerie circled his dagger around and around Monty's right nipple until blood began to leak out. His dagger went deeper and deeper inside until the leak began to pour. Valerie opened his eyes and placed his mouth around Monty's nip-nip, and he suckled on it like a possessed babe to a very odd-looking mother. Hope and I couldn't help but fixate on what our Host had decided to class as dinner party entertainment. But without anything else to do, we carried on watching. 
The sickening act turned the dial-up, as Valerie sucked the blood and licked around the nipple. He brought his dagger back up and sliced deeper into Monty's flesh, prising it off; in one final heave, Valerie tore the entire nipple off, with sinew attached, out from Monty's chest. He chewed and chewed on it, slowly turning it into mush, and finally swallowed it down, in one deep, sensual gulp. Valerie was drenched in blood. He was quintessentially happy from his feast, as bizarrely enough was Monty - but he sadly loved being torn and broken apart.
''Sorry my dear, Monty. I took rather a lot that time.''
''I've had worse. You'd know.'' He blushed.
''True. True. How are those balls of yours?'' Valerie lifted up the pristine-white tablecloth and wiped his blood-drenched chin with it. He walked with a drunken swagger back over to the gramophone and switched it over to another oldy-record.
''Pleasantries over, I'm afraid, Hope and Matter. Did you happen to notice what was missing from your plate, at all?''
''No. No, Valerie. Nothing I missed,'' I tried to blag.
''Naughty, Matter. You know what was missing. Don't be shy with me.'' He unsheathed his second dagger and played around with it in his hands.
''Erh…'' I looked back over towards my empty plate. ''Noth-nothing, I can think of.''
''You little liar.'' He grabbed Hope's breast. ''This! This is what you missed. Meat. Where was the meat?''
''I'm a vegan… didn't even think about it.'' Anger began to boil within me.
''Really? Strange that you ate the cheese soufflé… and sorry to say, that gravy was from beef stock.'' He tightened his fingers around Hope's breast - I couldn't sit silently through this again - I had to do something, but what?
''We've an odd tradition in this household, Matter! Meat and wine for dessert. Now let's get you that meat.'' He turned on Hope and started to rip into her dress.
''Stop it! Stop it! Come to me! Come to me!'' I cried.
''Oh, it's coming to you, Matter! Quite shortly!'' he yelled back, as Hope screamed out.
''Do something!'' I pleaded to Monty. 
''I think I have already.'' He pointed to the hole in his chest.
''You fucking cunt!'' I fired back.
''Heavens! What a filthy mouth you have, Matter.'' Valerie turned around with half a breast laid out in his hand.
I screamed like that wimp I was. Hope's head drooped down over her belly. Valerie pounced on top of me - trying to shove the breast into my mouth.
''Eat up while the blood's still hot, Matter! Monty, pass me the wine shots!''
''You dumb twat! You fucking…'' the words of filth and taboo streamed out of my mouth - deluding myself that any of this hot-air would, and could actually help us out of this situation.
''Open his jaw-wide, Monty!'' Valerie ordered. ''Matter, Matter, there's really no matter, see.'' He took a bite and chewed away on it merrily. ''Tough, but edible.''
Monty forced my mouth open as Valerie spat the half-chewed breast into my throat. He mostly drowned me with the three shots of wine he poured down my gullet - I had no choice, as before and as now, I had to swallow.
''Back to your seat, Monty dear. I think this one doesn't quite know how to handle his meat.''
My head swayed backwards. I screamed another pitiful, pathetic shrill. Then my nip became the next victim, and in one swift slice, I saw it dangling in front of me in Valerie's bloodied hand.
''Small and minute like you, my dear friend.'' Valerie left me bleeding as he walked away, around the table.
The Host placed my nipple in one of the empty shot glasses and soaked it in wine; he gave it a little wiggle and swirled the liquid around just up to the rim - allowing the wine to really seep into my fleshy appendage, and then, he downed the thing in one-single flick of the wrist.
Valerie sat back down in his seat and fondled with his dagger. He prodded it back into Monty's missing nipple wound, whilst whispering sweet nothings into his ear.
''Hope,'' I squeaked.
She lay silently. The chain around her waist was the only thing holding her upright.
''Don't go. We'll get out of this… somehow?'' I said, unconvinced myself. ''Didn't you say a while back that you had a fetish for the old nip-nip? Surely, we both just fulfilled your greatest desire?''
Hope moved a little at that - perhaps even a slight laugh?
''Maybe, but not for the whole bloody thing to come off. A bite. Even a nibble. But not this,'' she joked… I think?
''You two still finding things to talk about?'' our Host, Valerie, quizzed us. ''There'll soon be more desert on its way.''
We both cried out a helpless laugh of pain or pleasure… who knows and who knew?
''Monty, don't you just love their optimism?'' Valerie swayed backwards, holding tightly onto him.
''I told you they were beautiful,'' Monty said, pleased with himself.
''That you did… and you were right, just like always.'' Valerie said tenderly, as he shoved his dagger, deep into Monty's belly.
''What are you doing?'' Monty said in disbelief, looking at where the blade had entered.
''You are dear to me, Monty. But you were always on borrowed time. There's not much left of you, my sweet, and I can't bear to see you suffer any longer. You're times up.'' He gently stroked his face.
''But… we have an arrangement,'' he replied, in such a disheartened tone, as he grasped Valerie's hand holding the hilt of the dagger.
''We do, Monty, we do. Now, let's put it to bed.'' Valarie pulled out the knife and stuck it back in, slightly further up.
''Agh! Valerie, you're killing me!'' Monty said so gently, fearful for the first time.
''Don't worry your sweet head about a thing anymore. We'll be one, together. I'm going to make you last, dear. All through the year, I'll savour on you each and every day.'' He twisted the knife.
''Valerie, I love you. Don't do this, please,'' Monty pleaded.
''No more talking. Go now. Go, my beautiful boy.'' He took out the blade and tried to shove it in a third time. But Monty held it from going back in.
''Monty! Let's not make this difficult. One yell from me and they'll be here, two seconds flat to hold you down, while I do the rest. Go peacefully, please.''
''I can't do that, Valerie. I can't!'' Monty wept.
''I need hel-'' was all he managed to say, as Monty stabbed the first dagger up through Valerie's chin - the blade punctured its way out, just past his top lip. 
Valerie had gotten a bit too cocky. He'd forgotten about his first blade - the one he used to remove Monty's nipple with - and the one which he'd left right in front of him, on the table. Monty had managed to force the first dagger in such a way up into Valerie's jaw, that he'd jammed it shut - it did look painful. Valerie was in agony - he'd now officially joined our club of collective pain. He couldn't quite squeal loud enough through his closed teeth, and fittingly his gramophone had begun to play a more upbeat song; drowning out any potential cries from reaching his guards just outside.
Monty cradled the back of Valerie's head, with his free right hand. It appeared that Monty was strong - stronger than anyone would have thought - at least from the looks of him. His left arm drew the second blade in Valerie's hand up to head height. 
Valerie grew petrified and furious. He rotated his head and tried his utmost to tear into Monty's arm, with his impaled jaw; blood and small chunks fell from the arm - but this was a mere nick to the 'Great-Self-Harmer.' Monty turned the blade around in Valerie's hand, and faced the sharp razor-edge, straight at him. Valerie tried to piece together the picture that came next, and let out a little whimper through skewered teeth.
''We'll both be out of this world and together soon-'' The blade was sprung. ''My love.'' The dagger went directly through Valerie's nose and found its new sheath. Monty gently laid his love's head upon the table and gave him a delicate kiss on each cheek.
''He sleeps first, then I sleep second,'' he told us both.
Monty staggered to his feet and stumbled into the darkness towards the other side of the room. There were no words that Hope or I could think of saying, we just stared at one another in stuttered confusion. Monty slowly made his way back to the table and produced a key with which he used to unlock Hope's chains. Unbound, she covered her ripped chest and helped assist me out of mine, too. We jointly backed away from the table, unsure of what our next move was to be. Monty sat in his seat, next to Valerie, stroking his back.
''You'll want to leave soon. If the guards don't hear screams, they usually come in.'' He brushed Valerie's hair. ''I'd recommend the window by the bar.''
''Why? Why help us?'' I had to ask.
''Don't mistake this for kindness.'' Monty tilted his head towards us, whilst cradling his love in his arms. ''I would have gladly eaten both of you, and participated in each of your long and drawn-out deaths. But what Va-Valerie did just now…'' He poked two fingers, harshly inside his belly's open wound. ''Changes things slightly. Maybe you can take this as my way of apologising for everything you've been through?''
In no real mood to pursue an argument, we nodded our heads and took heed of his advice, rushing silently over to the suggested bar. Fortunately, the window hadn't been locked and opened up with ease; we ducked through into a bushy shrubbery outside - thank goodness we were on the ground floor.
As glad as we were to be out of that most strange situation, we had absolutely no idea where to go; all-well to be free, but in this world and in this literal darkness, how could we survive - have a life? No plans, we just made a random guess into a random direction and stumbled forth.


*


The curtains were drawn and the creeping sunlight revealed what the dying candles could not see: Two dead bodies in arms; one slumped over an oak table, the other resting peacefully on the back of their chair.
An assortment of guards checked the room and its wares for any clues to this case. But it wasn't really hard to piece together, not when two key people were missing from the dinner party. An elderly man finished inspecting the clotted stab wounds inside Monty's belly. He softly lifted up Valerie's head, to reveal the dagger's end sticking out from his nose, like an ornamental beak. A tall individual on the other side of the table heaved at what he saw, using a nearby satin handkerchief to keep back down what wanted to come up. 
''I'm sorry, Marcus,'' the elderly man said to the tall fellow with his face turned the other way.
Marcus looked back around to the bloodied face. He began to heave again.
''That's enough. Get him out of here. Smarten Valerie up if you can.'' He removed the handkerchief away from his mouth and dropped it on the table.
''This was bound to happen one day,'' Marcus said to a rugged man by his side. ''But Valerie always had a sicking taste for the oddities in this life.'' 
''We'll find those who killed your brother, Marcus. Any special words you want relaying to the culprits before I take care of 'em?''
''Maybe a bouquet of flowers?'' Marcus whispered. ''Harsh of me. No. Bring me along, I fancy a chat to someone living for once, Quen.''
''Who will tell your mother and father, Marcus?'' asked the old man, as he laid a cloth over Valerie's head.
''I guess… I will?'' Marcus heaved. ''Delicately.''

My eyes wouldn't open. I had to peel off the sleep which had glued each one shut. A small stream flowed out in front of me. I dived my head into it and drunk until I started to choke. I drew my head up to see a couple of rabbits feasting on a tasty mound of grass. They even had a friendly deer next to them - for a few seconds, I was convinced that the stream was actually just their piss, which I'd been slurping on and splashing over myself… it wasn't, I'm glad to say.
Realising that I was a human, they buggered off. I felt sad, but they were very wise to be wary of the species I came from. As the bushes they fled through began to calm, I noticed a lady sitting with her back against a tree - Hope. I scurried on hands and knees towards her, I could barely walk, so as I clumsily tried to stop, I ended up head-butting Hope between the legs.
That woke her up. Hope punched me repeatedly with both of her fists on either side of my ribs. I lifted an embarrassed head out from under her dress, as an old tree branch exploded over my jaw. That was enough force to throw me onto my side. 
''Matter? Haven't you heard of permission before?''
I lifted myself up, spitting out a tooth. There goes another one, I thought. I lifted my arms up over my head, heedful that Hope still had a branch to hand.
''Sorry. It looks bad. I was actually coming over to see if you were OK.''
''You've a strange way of checking for a pulse,'' she sniggered, throwing what was left of the dead branch at my head.
''Ow. Sorry.'' I sat down. ''Are you alright? How's the, erm…''
''The severed tit, the nose-less nose? Painful, the infection will probably kill me. But who cares, that bell-end did me a favour - not like I needed these things.''
''He was a bell-end, wasn't he?'' I laughed back.
''The worst.'' Hope carried on laughing, painfully grabbing the aforementioned areas.
''And Monty… he saved us? Maybe tried to kill us first? But looks like in the end, he really held a soft spot for me and you.'' 
''You really do talk shit, Matter. I think I'll find a rock to throw at your head next.'' She shuffled through fallen leaves to try and find one. I was hoping that she was just playing about, but it was tricky to tell.
''What now then, Hope? This is freedom, when did we last have this? Any ideas?''
''How should I know? Freedom feels cold, wet, and miserable.''
A man walked through the brush opposite, he dusted the leaves off a moss-topped boulder and sat upon it, giving both of us a thorough look over.
We were both closing in on death - that type of death I had certainly been craving for recently. There was no willpower left in either of us to run anymore, this must be it now. At least we had a taste of escapism for a few hours.
''Let me just gather myself here,'' spoke the boulder man. ''You're Hope and you're Matter?''
We had no expression to return.
''You've been through it, alright. Look at the two of you.'' He plucked a clump of moss off his boulder and gave it a tender stroke. ''I don't blame you for keeping quiet. I'm sure I'd be doing the exact same if I'd made it out alive after an encounter with my brother.''
We both felt fear. Hope tried to rise from her tree, but couldn't get her feet to work. I attempted to help out by grabbing a little twig with a single green leaf, flopping off the end.
''Please. Don't struggle. Believe it or not, I'm not trying to harm you. Honestly, I'm not really sure what to do with you two. I'd like some answers, to what happened with my dead brother and his… acquaintance.''
''What's this? You're the friendly one, are you? I see a sibling related to another fucking freak in this fucked up world. Enough with your artsy-drama routine, just get it over with, or I'll bash my own brains in with this!'' Hope shouted out, rock in hand.
''Please, Hope. There's been plenty of blood and murder today.''
''I don't want to hear your backstory, I don't want to find out about your ulterior motives, I don't even want to hear about your insecurities! Just fuck off!'' She threw the rock at him.
It would have been a direct hit to his forehead had he not caught it. A tree branch snapped and someone rushed towards Hope with a sword drawn.
''Back off!'' commanded Boulder-Man.
An older guard with a sword did so, sulking back away into the undergrowth.
''That's a good throw. Nearly had my eye out,'' Boulder-Man commended.
''Yeah, well that's the fucking point! Now just stay put and I'll have another go.'' She tried using her feet to kick a nearby rock into her hand.
''Okay, while you're doing that, let me explain some things for you.''
''Oh God! Here we go! Didn't I just bloody tell you this would happen.'' Hope wriggled down the tree to get that rock.
''I think we better hear him out, Hope?'' I asked her.
''Oh, you would be the first to wimp out, wouldn't you, Matter? That's it! This one's for your head!'' She carried on wriggling down for that rock.
''I'm Marcus. It's not difficult to say that my brother was a troubled man. But in the world today, it can become quite troublesome to differentiate between wholesome and madness. Like many, my brother abused his position. I found it was easiest to turn a blind eye to my brother's… hobbies.
''I'm not surprised it killed him in the end. And I would like to think that I'm a rational man, unlike my father, who if he found you would literally have you skinned alive, or my mother… who would… do far worse… I can, however, forgo any of that unnecessity with you, and together, I hope we can come to some kind of arrangement.''
A rock slammed into Marcus' temple.
''Hope!'' I yelled at her.
''Some kind of arrangement?! I've heard that bloody line before!'' She threw another rock at my head this time. ''There, don't think I've forgotten about you!''
Marcus held two fingers to his temple. ''I'll let you have that one.'' He had a look to see the damage on his fingers - just a small trickle of blood.
The older guard came back out, unimpressed with Marcus.
''Just… just take those rocks off her… nicely, Quen.''
''You are one very, very lucky lady,'' Quen told Hope, as he kicked away all possible materials she could use as ballistics, to throw at us all.
''Marcus, you seem a level-headed man,'' I spoke. ''Hope and I were both hand-picked together, from a place that I can only imagine deals in cannibalism, and we were brought here by the Self-Harm… Monty. See these injuries…'' I grimaced as I pulled up my shirt; the gaping hole in my nipple had dried and glued itself together with the cotton underneath - I showed him the wound, as it began to seep with puss and blood.
''Your brother did even worse to Hope. He removed her breast… and look at her nose. I've no doubt we would be dead by now if your brother hadn't made the mistake of trying to kill Monty. Why? Please don't ask. Monty took your brother with him and decided to free us both before he died. And now… this is as far as we got out.''
Hope squealed as Quen kicked a twig out of her hand, which she'd managed to grab.
Marcus rubbed his temples. ''That sounds like my brother. Why would he try and kill Monty?'' he asked Quen. ''Like I told you, Matter. I tried not to dwell on my brother's affairs. I knew he had an interesting relationship with Monty… years they'd been together. Doing the usual back and forth between that place you speak of.''
''What? The cannibal-pen. Maybe you should go visit? A nice day out for the whole-family, pet the animals there while you're at it!'' Hope smirked.
''This world is corrupted. Give me a decent plan to right the wrongs and I'll gladly try my best. But it's near to impossible, I promise you that.''
''That's hopeful,'' Hope said.
''Hope, I know you've been through hell, but listen to me here.''
''You know what I've been through? You want to know what happened to my husband, too, and my kids? Or, you wanna know what happened to the other half of my nose and tit? Well, listen to me, Marcus. Your brother made his friend eat my nose, and then after he'd had a good chew into my raw breast, he forced the rest of it down Matter's neck!
''Yeah, the red wine your house stocks is a good one, I'll grant you that - but do you see what you're dealing with here? Do you understand? Can I tell you the other shit we've been through? Because that was just the very start of an incredibly ugly, long list!''
''Sorry. I am. I've no real idea what you've been through. I'm privileged and fortunate. But hear me out, is what I'm saying.''
''Perfect. You see we're in the perfect condition for a light-hearted chitty-chat.''
''Bear with me.''
''Go on then,'' she said, understandably pissed off.
''You are truly, one very lucky little lady,'' Quen tested.
''Oh, fuck off, Quentin! Where's my bloody rocks?! Pompous twat!'' Hope began to scurry through the undergrowth again.
''Quen, please. Everyone. Let's calm.'' Marcus tried to ease the tempers.
''Hope, I'll let you hit me with five more rocks, straight to the head. Settle.'' I thought might help.
Hope squirmed back up the tree and flicked her tip-less nose. She folded her arms, gave Marcus a disapproving stare, and the slight indication that perhaps she was willing to listen, arose.
''I'm prepared to give both of you shelter, treatment, and safety. If you can perform one said task for me,'' explained Marcus.
''Sorry… busy that day,'' Hope blurted.
''Matter?'' He turned to me. ''You're more rational at this present time. I'm up against it helping you out.''
''You'll help us… if we help you? Dare I ask that if we say no, we'll be left here, or murdered by your familiar?''
''Maybe I should reassert myself here.'' Marcus shuffled on the mossy-top. ''No or yes, I guarantee a safe space for you both to mend. However, if you were to help me out in my said task, I'd be much more able to offer you a permanent home.''
''Otherwise, you hand us back into the dirt and for the Ravagers?'' I wondered.
''Honestly, I didn't have that in mind. But I need to give you some kind of encouragement to want to assist me,'' he said in a both reassuring, yet bizarre manner.
I took a look over at Hope; hand over her severed appendage. Those pesky images of those people came into my mind, those people who once were my loved ones. I hated that I referred to them as 'those people,' but any close reforming attachment to them would make me die… but wasn't that what I had wanted all along? My wife and child gave their lives for me. Maybe it was time for me to give mine for this lady, whom I was trying my best to deny a fondness for.
''I'll do it.''
''Shut it!'' Hope yelled. ''He's just messing with you… you are, aren't you?''
''Please leave her out of it, just let me do what you want,'' I pleaded inside.
''Sure,'' Marcus was quite surprised.
''Matter! Don't be an idiot!'' She looked up at Quen. ''You realise he's the actual delicate flower of the group, don't you?'' she told him, and he even had the audacity to chuckle into his fist.

Once I had agreed to my said task, we were soon carried back to the manor. Marcus had secured a quaint summer house for us; nestled away in an apple orchard, which was promised to be secluded away from certain families prying eyes, who might not be too welcoming with our presence - especially considering the recent death of Valerie.
Confusing who really held the power here. But Marcus assured us this was his grounds and his attempt at a cider business; I dreaded to think who his clientele were - was there such a market for those things these days? He seemed to believe so.
We must have been there for two days, but you know by now how hazy I get with that thing called time. Guards patrolled around the grounds outside - knowing people were out there with our safety in mind was actually reassuring. I don't think I'd ever felt this safe even in the world before this one, strangely.
I was daydreaming out of the window, when Marcus came in from the outdoors, with two shaggy dogs curiously sniffing around the oak floor, and his bodyguard Quen, loyally keeping in close range.
They called this place a summer house; which really gave me a good grasp on how these people's perspectives worked. It was a three-floored, four-bedroom detached house, with heating, running water, and two working toilets - almost like being back at home.
I was almost at the stage of praying for there to be no sinister intentions behind all of this ill-gotten luxury. Marcus had me fully invested in his gentlemanly attributes. So far everything he'd promised had been delivered. We'd been taken in and repaired; Hope was taking respite upstairs, and I was hoping this would be our future… so long as those nasty, past memories stayed at bay, this could, just might work.
Quen rested his back against a kitchen counter; sword in sheath dangling below his left hip. The dogs had disappeared somewhere into the depths of the house, but no one seemed to mind where they'd gone, as Marcus sat at the old kitchen table, unrolling out a stiff parchment of paper.
''Take a seat,'' he asked me. ''How are you both holding up?''
''From where we've both come from…'' I said taking a seat. ''Bliss. Well, I don't think it really matters where we've come from, this would be luxury no matter what.''
''That's positive, just what we want to hear.'' He smoothed out the paper. ''Take a look at this.''
I leaned in. ''What am I looking at here?'' I wondered.
''A map. See, this is us, approximately. Those other houses, our neighbours, mostly family; cousins, uncles, that sort.'' He circled his finger around the area, dotted-lined in blue.
''Blue is good?''
''Mostly.''
I eyed the area of red lines on the map, which far outweighed the blue, encircling it. Marcus helped point out this observation by circling his finger around the vast red markings.
''Hazard a guess who lays claim to the red?'' he asked.
''Naughty people?''
He laughed. ''Not the most civilised people. The Ravagers, obviously. People who we murdered and in turn murdered us. Nowadays, we exist entwined inside a loose-truce.''
I didn't realise just how much of a fearful look I was giving him.
Marcus hesitated. ''Not to mean we have, or for one, I have any input in how they conduct themselves. It was the best-case scenario to establish peace… a kind of peace.''
''Causing trouble again, brother?'' asked a lady, plonking herself against a kitchen drawer. ''Carry on with your scheming, don't mind me.''
Marcus grit his teeth. ''Sister.'' He turned his head towards her. ''Fancying yourself a spot of lunch?''
''This friend of yours wouldn't be…'' She had a quick glance over my bandaged left palm. ''He would, wouldn't he? And the other… upstairs?''
''Quen, rustle us up a round of tea, please?'' Marcus politely asked.
He nodded and went to work on his tea duty.
''Guard and now tea-boy. That surely asks for a promotion, I'd say?'' she joked.
''Take a seat, dear sister.'' He slid out the chair next to himself.
''A couple of biscuits too, Quen.'' She glided down upon the seat. ''And what's on the specials today?''
''All depends on what the Ravagers bring us.'' He grinned, whilst pouring water into a kettle. ''Rump, liver, buttock?''
''Buttock? We all know you're a buttock-boy, Quen. Just leaves liver or rump… hmmm.''
I felt my stomach quench, time to hold back that vomit again. Fortunately, Marcus noticed before it spurted out. 
''They're joking,'' he tried consoling me. ''They're not as aware of what really goes on with the Ravagers.''
''I think we are all clearly aware of what goes on with those animals,'' the lady spat.
''Really?'' Smirked Marcus. ''Matter here was once a captive at the slaughterhouse.''
''Duh. How was old Uncle Horror?'' tittered the lady, with long dirty brown hair.
''Gem. Stop,'' Marcus tried to defend me. But I didn't need it.
''Uncle Horror? A spindly man, is he?'' My turn to speak. ''More in common with a spider than man, if that's his business. I had a lovely time there, watching mad, innocent people being taken away for slaughter, and having their remaining offal fed right back to us - I mean, I could only assume from the smell of the sludge, which they masked as food.
''How do you know what cooked human smells like? I hear you ask? Well, before I was a guest at old Uncle Horror's palace, I was also a prisoner to some local Ravagers. I had a family: A little boy, a perfect wife. They cooked them both in front of me and ate them. They even forced my wife's rotten remains down my throat, so I could enjoy the taste… do you really have any idea what world we live in?''
We sat in a natural, guilty silence.
Gem sucked her teeth. Quen poured out a boiling kettle into a teapot. And Marcus chewed his thumbnail.
''Honestly, none of us are blind to some of our 'families' trade.'' Marcus broke the silence. ''Uncle Gabe… Uncle Horror, whatever you choose to call him, has always been more Ravager than one of us. Our parent's trade in other things, and they're not all pretty, that's the truth. But… I'm trying. Matter… I'm trying.''
''And how does one try in this life… any of you?'' I almost demanded.
''Try… try, Matter,'' Marcus said intently. ''The point of this map: Is our family, our power. It holds, but compare it to the Ravagers hold… and it dwindles. We're in a fragile, delicate balance with them. If they wanted to start a full-blown war, there is no doubt they would win.
''Maybe, best-case scenario, it would be a pyrrhic victory in their favour. They don't want to risk it. Yes, they have a brutal, cave-man style of doing things, but they are smart. They have a plan to finish us, I know. Slowly they're taking more and more land, encircling us, tightening us until we pop. Sooner or later, to survive, you'll have to either be Uncle Horror or run and sail off to find another land.''
''We are much more sophisticated than them in war, Marcus,'' Gem offered her advice.
''Maybe. But unlike us, Ravagers aren't so picky with whom they invite into their homes. You bring one hundred worthy people to these lands, who show potential - ninety will join the Ravagers, ten… maybe us. And that's with heavy optimism… we don't hire very often, know that.''
Quen poured out the tea for us, with a plate of accompanying, homemade biscuits. I picked one up - maybe a nibble would be distracting enough for me - but before I could attempt a taste at the baker's craft, a cruel hand jerked the thing out of my mouth and gobbled it down.
''Not bad,'' Hope belched, taking a seat at the head of the table, between me and Marcus. ''You lot are really loud. I'd been dreaming about something calming, but all I could hear up there was your loud, secret planning.'' She grabbed another biscuit and stole my tea.
''I take it this is the other half of the twosome, Marcus? Valerie certainly had good taste,'' Gem chuckled.
''If I wasn't enjoying Matter's tea so much, I might have the right mind to chuck this hot beverage over your fat head,'' Hope said, with crumbs falling out her mouth.
''Fat?'' Gem said bewildered.
''Yes, you'd be correct there, Gem,'' huffed Marcus. ''Not with your head. That's beautiful. But with this being the other half of the twosome. Meet Hope. She's basically like you, but swears a little bit more.'' He slapped his palm against his cheek.
Gem took quick note of the bandage wrapped diagonally around Hope's torso.
''How many guesses do you want for which body parts I'm missing, and who did it?'' Hope quizzed Gem.
''That would be our beloved brother, Valerie,'' Gem said uncomfortably.
''Now, I couldn't help overhear all of your conversation from upstairs. But if you're all nice, innocent people living with mother and father, why would you let brother Valerie carry on with his ways for so long? Don't tell me you had no idea what he was doing?'' Hope berated.
''In all my years, I've never-''
''Quen. Just… you know?'' Marcus interrupted.
''I don't know how much my brother has divulged with you, Hope. But we don't get much of a say with what our deceased brother did, especially with his protection from our mum and dad. You might have a safe sanctuary now, thanks to my soppy brother.
''But be assured that if our parents or oldest brother were to find out about you two here. Then you'd be praying to be guests back at the slaughterhouse, with Uncle Horror,'' Gem finished. She rolled her eyes and left for another room.
Hope grabbed the rest of the biscuits and drank Marcus' tea.
''I'm gonna have a fit, Marcus.'' Quen bit his fist. ''Let me show her some manners?''
''If it's too much for you, then go. Follow Gem,'' Marcus said, fed up.
Quen left to find Gem, shaking his fists and head as he did so.
''Hope, ease it. Please?'' I tried to suggest. But all I received was a warming middle finger, as she slurped the biscuits and tea down.
''Assuming you've heard much of what we have already discussed. Shall I continue?'' Marcus offered, moving his sister's untouched tea towards Hope.
Hope picked up the mug and spat out a long phlegmy piece of salvia inside it, passing it back to Marcus.
''Go on.''
Marcus looked inside the mug and let out two shallow laughs, pushing it to one side.
''I'll rephrase - paraphrase - Ravagers surround us with multiple encampments; few obvious, most not. The stronger they get, the more chance they'll be done with our truce, be done dealing with us, and we'll be dead and eaten - at best.
''They live - thrive in disarray. Yet, this madness has a leader. A man with too many names, but a distinguishable metal-plate, drilled into the side of his jaw - this one leads the dishevelled - he inspires the madness and vileness that they live for - that they are.''
''Metal-Jaw?'' I said as if I knew him from before. It felt like we had already met, or were destined to meet.
''That is one name you might chance to call him. But you'll be gutted and skinned alive for it. For all this man's glamour and vanity, that's one thing you don't mention to him - unless you really want his attention.
''My uncle…'' He drew a quick mind to our faces. ''My other uncle, helped give him that plate. When we were at each other's throats, his horse's back legs smashed it to bloody pieces. But he paid for that another time, with pain and prolonged suffering - I liked that uncle - but, only the good die young.''
''All the evil seem to live forever… right?'' I finished before we burst out into song.
''Anyway,'' Marcus continued. ''Metal-Jaw must be displaced and replaced. We've been able to plant a few brave spies in several Ravager bases, tasked with building enough support to try and rein them in - with the ultimate goal of reforming some-kind of civility. A long-shot, I know, but that's what we're trying for, Matter, Hope.''
''Impossible,'' she blurted out. ''Have you ever tried living with these people? Have you even seen a Ravager in your life? They're gone. I had a hus… I had important people. I saw, like Matter, what they do to normal. They rip it inside out and see if it lives like them… if not, then kill it and eat it. Those people you have? Spies? They're either dead or have gone truly mad.'' She dug her nails, deep into the table.
''Matter? What do you think?'' he asked me. ''This isn't just some last-minute idea. There's been long, drawn-out work involved. The people we have inside have done a lot to get cushy with the high-ups. Metal-Jaw's life is coming to an end.''
I tried to speak, but Hope got there first. ''OK. You've thought about this. It isn't a last-minute idea. Why do you need us? We have no purpose, or point in your affairs!''
''Do I honestly need you? No. But I'm trying my best to be good, make some changes. Valerie brought you here to die. I'm going to make sure you live. Make some actual good use out of you. If this works, we could soon find ourselves returning back to a more peaceful time… like before. Which you can both be part of.''
''Your optimism just turned to delusion,'' Hope said, accidentally removing a chunk of wood from the tabletop with her nail.
''When you have a better plan. Please let us know,'' he said to Hope, now directing his attention towards me. ''Matter, we have a small party who have successfully scouted out a predictable route that Metal-Jaw takes, every few weeks, out on a narrow path. That party are ready and waiting for the kill. We just need you.''
''That's the part I'm concerned about.'' This had been bugging me for some time. ''I'm not a fighter, or really anything much that useful-''
''You really know how to sell yourself, Matter,'' Hope said, rather disappointed.
''Thanks,'' I offered back. ''What use can I be, other than a hindrance, and a big one at that.''
''Bait,'' Marcus said sternly. ''You can imagine no one's really been up for that. But now, we have you.''

This plan started to make further sense the more I waited. Four hours, five hours? Who knew, who cared? The nerves I had, dissipated long ago… yet now I'm talking about it, they seem to have swiftly returned.
Bait, Marcus had said. Agreed to it, I had not much choice. After all, this is what I wanted - keep Hope safe - though the thought of me being the one to offer that kind of protection, was just another big joke. She certainly had very little to say, after she laughed her head off.
The next day before I left the summer house, Hope only offered me a feeble bye, and left for her room - it might have come across as just slightly ungrateful? But what the hell did I know about anything? That thought made me stew, as I sat on the verge of the narrow path. I'd been promised Metal-Jaw and his gang liked to take a trip past here, every few weeks after a successful scavenge - maybe there was an indoor butterfly park nearby, which they liked to relax in afterwards and pet the moths?
I lay with the pretence of a broken leg; the blood wasn't actually mine this time, but instead the remnants of one of our group's periods. Yes, I know, grim it sounds. But it was far better than the poor little piglet they wanted to cut open, instead. I hope Bacon, as my day-old-friends, so imaginatively named her, was still happily squealing away, in no pain.
Why had Hope been so cold? My thoughts returned back to. Maybe, she knew I was going to die, and that was the best way for her to deal with it? I hoped so anyhow.
The situation I was in was weird… well, I'd been in so many, I guess that made it quite normal, however, it was oddly calming; songbirds singing, cool breeze blowing away the hot air. And there I lay, waiting like an innocent newborn to tease and tantalise my Ravager buddies… but, where were they? I hope my newly-acquainted friends hadn't left me. If this ambush fails and I end up back in a Ravager cage again, then I'm properly biting my tongue off this time - no regrets. 
I twiddled the small surgical scalpel in my hands. I refused to do this without it. I think they thought I wanted to use it for protection, but really, it was my last resort to cut my neck, arms, and legs open if things went bad. Though as before with biting through my tongue, would I truly be able to go ahead with it, if the time arose? I convinced myself I could do it - no weaselling myself out of it. Maybe that escape would be coming soon? Would my family be there, I wondered? But was I as ready to go there, as I had been before?
The day had started to dim, night was kicking out the light. Then I saw it. A Ravager parting the bushes lining the exit of the forest. They came my way. Was this it? I held the scalpel tightly, ready to defend.
''They're not coming,'' Brad said. ''Might have sniffed us out. Come on. Back to base. Need to rethink this over.''
Right. I'd been sitting on this spot for so long that I'd mostly forgotten why I was even there in the first place. The Ravager outfits we wore, were intended to try and keep ourselves camouflaged this far away from home, and for me, it was mostly to try and ensure I wouldn't be immediately slain when Metal-Jaw found me. Ideally, it would help formulate a picture to the real Ravagers - who would seem to have evaded our ambush - or just weren't into butterflies today? 
I pulled out a clump of grass and began scrubbing away at the dried period, which had stained my leg. I got to my feet and followed Brad… Brad? That name seemed familiar… of course! He was the captain of our merry group.
Back at the base - morale was at an all-time low. I'd only been here for half-a-day, and already I was missing the cold comforts of a Ravager cell. I couldn't imagine what it must have been like for this lot, they'd been out here for longer than I could count… and didn't Marcus say he'd actually found people willing enough to want to go and establish reconnaissance at various Ravager bases? What sort of mad souls did you have to be to willingly volunteer for that? I guess it was bravery that I'd never be able to comprehend… or, if I'd be so confident to suggest… just plain foolishness on their part.
Apart from the odd whisper, no one made any attempt to converse with me. If there was a small debate to be had, people made sure to do it with me well-out of earshot. After a grumpy man dished me out a couple of spoons worth of cold stew into a dented tray, there wasn't much else to do but eat it and sleep. For obvious reasons, there were no fires allowed. Two people took turns at lookout, as we slept deep within the forest.
We were nine. A neat little clearing in the woods had given birth to a bushy assortment of hideaway brushes. That's where I slept, terrified. Hiding. Silent in the night, with Bacon, snuggled up next to me. Pleading that no nearby Ravager had their hungry eyes locked upon either of us.
Morning came and we packed up and left. If I'd been blind, I would have sworn I was alone, for not a single vocal sound was emitted from anyone - all be it Bacon made a few oinks when I fed her some left-over beans. I guessed we'd have to repeat this bloody task again, but I was too afraid to ask that question, as I really didn't want to hear the answer, I knew I'd receive.
We hiked for miles. Out of all the gear we had to take back with us, I'd naturally volunteered for piglet-duty - I think out of everyone, Bacon was the only one of the group who actually understood me. She had a little string cord around her neck which I used to try and guide Bacon through our journey home. She was quite an intelligent little gal. However, I found it far easier to simply carry her for the majority of the trip back - even through all the fitting and fidgeting, she made in my arms. I got the feeling that people were slightly miffed towards me and Bacon - probably because they would have preferred it if she'd been in the stew last night - there seemed to be a lot of hungry faces giving me evil-eyes. But you know what? Fuck 'em! 
I couldn't remember anything familiar about the route we took - we must have gone a different way? Then again, these people had been living out here for quite some time; scouting the location, marking Metal-Jaw's movements - they knew this land a bit too-well - I wondered a few times, where the line was drawn between these people and Ravagers.
An old house appeared. Half of the group showed no interest and simply carried on past the forgotten home. But Brad walked around the back end to investigate. It really started to look familiar, this old place. I noticed the windows had been smashed in and broken glass sparkled off a grassy patch, out-front.
I followed the glass around to the side of the house, to where it had gathered together next to a dilapidated arch. I dropped the cord and Bacon scuttled off to investigate along the undergrowth of the house. A bird was just outside, twitching ever so delicately. It caught sight of a foolish bug in the open and swallowed it whole. This was more than just déjà vu now. More than just a familiar sighting - I'd been here before… I knew what came next to the poor, scruffy bird… a matted, black cat!
There it was: Inches away from the feathered beauty, stalking its way over in the grazed grass. No! Not this time! I'm gonna save you. I flapped my arms and yelled, ''Fly you stupid thing! Fast!'' But neither of these creatures paid me any mind. Too late! The cat pounced and the bird was dead all over again, bloodied in the jaws of the cat.
I looked up through the archway to see inside the house. Weird. There was me. Looking back out, horrified at what I had tried to prevent. A stone came flying out the door and hit the cat on its back leg. It protested in agony and fled off through the forest. Hmm. Now, what comes next? I ruffled around in my pockets and found exactly what I was looking for - a single, black feather - how did that get there? My past self was holding the exact, same one.
I heard an angry man inside shouting at my past self. Ah… what was he called? Nevermind. The imagine began to slowly haze up, the whole world fizzled and faded. But I wanted to keep on watching. I heard some more shouting from within, I made out a man running away and heading off into the same direction as the cat. He ran right through me, and I disappeared into vapoury smoke, just as I witnessed my former-self having his head pulverised-in, by a woman holding a breeze block.
Whiteness. Everything was gone. What was the purpose to all of this? To be at this point? Then it started to come back to me. An image was blurring into a stable picture in front; a homely bedroom - it felt safe here. 
My body tingled everywhere; arms, wrists, knees - I felt pain, but it didn't hurt. Yeah, I know, weird. I brought my hands up to have a look at what was going on. The bandage on my hand fell apart, the scab underneath disintegrated away to reveal a normal, healthy palm. Those hideous, metal fingertips of mine melted away; through the molten flesh arose brand new fingers and thumbs. A delicate hand slotted in between them. I looked up to see the Dancing-Lady. I was back here… had I ever left?
''Were you dreaming?'' she asked.
''Hmm.'' I focused on my hands. ''If only. A trip through a nightmarish reality. Was this all part of the healing process?''
''Body and mind recuperated and restored. Do you know your destiny now?''
''There's a lady called Hope. Do you know her? Help me find her.''
''In time.''
''In time? It's quite important. So much has happened. We need to bring her here.''
The Dancing-Lady smiled to herself. ''Come.'' She left my room.
I caught up with her, back in the celebratory room from beforehand. The one that had housed an unusual arrangement of robotic oddities - all cheering and gracious towards my presence. There were fewer around today; two bipedal ones were busying themselves over a workbench, twiddling around in the insides of a silent friend. A comical little box wobbled on by, making a gleeful beeping noise as it walked up to my feet. I patted it on the head - wasn't sure what else it wanted?
The Dancing-Lady sat on a comfy couch and beckoned for me to sit next to her.
''So, I'd love to catch up on everything, I honestly, really would. But I need to know that she's safe. Please, can you help me? Or, just show me the way and I'll go myself,'' I said eagerly, unable to keep still.
''Would you say you feel almost stricken with anxiety?''
''Abso-fuckin'-lutely.''
She made a slight wince. Then all that fear and emotional burden faded away - this felt very familiar.
Two sturdy arms rested themselves upon my shoulders. ''Relax.''
I eased my head around to see good old Security, looking fondly my way.
''Of course, it's you,'' I said affirmatively. Happy to see him again.
''Tell me about this Hope?'' Security said with the utmost concern.
''My sanity. The last bit of meaning I have left.''
''Let us find her, stay here. Relax, recover. Leave yourself at ease.''
''Believe me. That's what I want more than anything.'' I laid my hands on his shoulders this time. ''But I can't do it, not yet. Not until I find her. So, either sedate me now and leave me in an eternal coma or fucking well help me… please.''
Security gave Dancing-Lady a few quizzical eyeballs. I assume she nodded.
''We're a family, Matter. We'll do this together.''
''Thank you.'' I gave Security a tight-old squeeze, perhaps even squeezed out a few tears, too.
''And madame.'' I turned to Dancing-Lady. ''Once this is done, I've all the time for you.''
''I understand.'' She gave me an endearing smile that warmed my insides, or whatever my insides contained nowadays.
Up she stood and walked over to me, tucking in a loose strand of brown hair behind my ear.
''We'll be waiting for you.'' 
She applied a loving kiss to my forehead, and before I knew it, we were off and away.


*


Out into the open, a hazy day was being banished by a gleaming sun. The air smelt of peace and blossom - not the usual, chargrilled essence of spilt entrails and death. This place was a familiar site, too. Once before I had been here to dig inside the body of a freshly mutilated Ravager, to smear his blackened, eviscerated organs over my face and body - how the times change.
A lot had come to past since I last entered and vacated that risen mound in the earth. It had been transformed into a large, reinforced door. No need for my robot friends to try and hide anymore, they had strength again and seemed proud to show it. A three-foot-high fence, dotted with erected turrets and towering floodlights, gave path to a guarded perimeter. Robots unfleshed, patrolled on chain-linked wheels. While ones wearing half-flesh stood in concrete silence, aiming to put terror into the hearts of any intruder. In the midst of this fearful display, lay a lush ground of the greenest grass I'd ever seen; flower beds boasted beautiful displays, whilst several, smaller mechanical boxes watered and tended their peaceful gardens.
I heard a blackbird call out, and I almost forgot the state of the world… for just a moment.
Security stood by my side and took in a deep breath of air. ''It does make a change from what was once here, before. We can only hope that there might be a time when this constant death and destruction is all but forgotten.''
''Maybe?'' I wondered.
Two erratic dogs spun around my legs, nipping at one another. In synchronisation, they darted through a gap in the fence and each came to a halt, guarding themselves around two modified quad-bikes. Somehow, Security had already seated himself on the first quad-bike, and he reeved the engine up, ever so slightly.
''Ready to roll out, Matter?'' He pointed to the empty quad-bike behind. ''It's waiting for you.''
I sat on my own machine and it slowly hummed itself awake.
''This is a tad late to tell you, but I've no bloody idea where I'm going… actually, I've no clue where I am now?'' I usefully told my friend.
''Close your eyes and think where you want to be most.'' Security said, closing his own, and leant back as his ride drove off into the distance - with one of the doggies, swiftly racing after his bemused laughter.
''Did he really say that?'' I asked the dog.
''Woof Woof.'' The dog rotated its head at an angle, in a curious ponder of me. ''Do it.''
I wasn't quite sure where that voice came from. ''Was that you?'' I seemed to be asking the dog.
''Who knows?'' a male voice replied.
With all my questions thoroughly answered, I decided to close my eyes and think intently of that friendly lass, Hope. My head bolted backwards as the bike spun off after Security - I wasn't even touching the handlebars. It wasn't long before I'd caught up with Security. His furry companion was resting on the racking behind, with a jolly look in its face, gleefully taking me in.
''You caught up!'' either Security or the dog said in a feminine voice.
''Seems so? What's the plan?!'' I yelled out to them, over the rather silent hums of the engines.
''Tell me what you remember?'' the dog asked, definitely female this one.
''What I wish I didn't. What do you need to know?'' I shook my head, with this odd prospect of dog socialising.
''A clue. Some indication of where we might find her,'' she said, tilting her head at me.
My vision blurred, I divulged myself into a frazzled past: I smelt meat in the air.
''I met her in a caged wagon, which delivered us to a place where they butchered men, woman and children for their meat. Where the meat went… I don't wanna know. After that… we were guests at a fancy mansion, and we were seated at an equally, lavish table. There… we found that our meat was planned to be served for the dinner feast…
''Then a load of other rubbish happened… and now I'm here. Is this what you want? You must know this by now. Haven't you read my mind already? You built me back up to whatever I am now… ergh. I've got to stop.''
I'd no idea how this quad-bike had even started itself, and I doubted that I was about to now find out how it stopped - so, I just jumped off.
I rolled off the dirt path into a grassy verge. I uprighted myself instantly and leant against a battered, white fence, which gave way to a splendid view of some unspoilt grassy plains. There I could practically imagine, that all that had gone on before had never happened at all. I flicked a few embedded stones out from the side of my arm; a piece of flesh dangled down from the side. On further inspection, I could see no trace of blood, nor anything that looked remotely human underneath, from what the flesh had once concealed. 
''Hold it back over your arm for a few seconds, it's self-adhesive, it will stick,'' Security advised, as he joined me by the fence.
''I don't recognise anything anymore. I just had a tad moment of a panic - you're talking dogs don't do much to help there.'' I laughed madly, staring into the green ocean.
''We know where to go.'' His hand went back to that same spot on my shoulder. ''We'll teach you more about your new body when you're ready.''
''Yeah, and maybe you can tell me your future plans, as well?'' I caught a glimpse of two hares tussling far out into the distance. ''For now, give me a basic guide of what I can do… I mean… can I turn this hand into a chainsaw? Does my arse fire out nukes? What's the phrase to initiate my self-destruct sequence?''
''Nothing that exciting, I'm afraid, Matter.'' He patted the head of the female dog, who stood by his side. ''My advice for this moment would be to control your self-medicating functions.''
''You're fond of those, aren't you?'' I ruffled the head of the male dog, who'd stuck his face in between my legs and poked it through the fence. ''I'm a little wimp,'' I whelped.
''Nonsense! I'll hear none of that. Here, allow me.'' He double-tapped his finger to my forehead.
And there it was, all over again: Anxiety, worthlessness, fear - all gone and depleted. Lovely. Replaced with confidence, pride, self-worth, and a whole lot of matter for this Matter.
''I'm very uncomfortable doing that without your consent, but in this moment of time, I feel it's required, especially due to the nature of our urgency,'' Security said in sorrow.
''I understand. Like you said, maybe one day we'll actually sit down and find out how everything works.''
The two Hares in the field quit their forearm boxing and ran off in circles of one another, as they chased away into the undergrowth of a distant brush.
''Remember when we followed the Giggler?'' I asked.
''Of course,'' Security replied. 
''There was a cage, with a family in. I wanted more than anything to save them.''
''And I remember what I said.''
''So, why aren't we helping them first? Isn't that Ravager base just a causal walk away from here?'' I ringed the life out of the fence's wooden panel, in my tight grip.
''Prioritise, Matter. You lead with your heart,'' Security sympathised. 
''My heart's in two places: One part her, one part my family in that cage.'' I snapped the panel in two, with splintered hands.
''You're in a perplexing quandary, Matter. May I offer you some advice?''
''Please do,'' I asked, with reddening mad eyes.
''We've got your family safe. They won't come to harm. That I can guarantee. Go to her first. They will wait.''
''How can you be so certain? If you're holding something back, just be straight with me and tell me!'' I didn't mean to shout at him, but I did.
''That caged family,'' he said hesitantly. ''They don't exist anymore,'' he told me, whilst battling a string of emotions.
''They're gone, aren't they? We're too late.'' I closed my eyes in pain.
''All but one, Matter.'' He placed his hand on my cheek.
I looked him in the eye, full of uncertainty.
''You,'' he gazed at me like a proud father.
''What are you saying?'' I didn't understand - couldn't understand.
''It was you, Matter. It always has been you. That's what you saw inside that prison - you were an outsider looking in on your caged family. You felt powerless to do anything to help them. It was just a cage full of bones. But you saw the very thing you beat yourself up about endlessly, because you couldn't protect the ones you loved so dearly.'' Security embraced me and applied a gentle kiss to my forehead.
I had no choice but to accept his hug. It made a half-sense to me, what he said. Instead of fighting it, I gave into appreciating the warmth and affection which he offered.
''You have done so much for us, Matter,'' Security said. ''When we brought you back, you were in pieces. I didn't believe we could do anything for you. But she believed, and she did. You've been through so much, you're still recovering, both mentally and physically - past realities can feel very distorted. But you will return stronger than you have ever been before.''
A light shower of wooden dandruff was collecting into a pile of dust, just behind Security. I realised that I'd been unknowingly crumbling pieces of broken fence together, which were still glued inside my hands. A soft gust of wind swept the dust away into a tiny cloud, which hung in the air for only a moment until it dissipated away - and was gone forever.
I realised I had more control over my own mind than I knew. I'd been deliberately fighting with the pain-dampener - now, I felt ready to make true use of it.
''Thank you,'' I told him - it was simple but more open than I'd been with myself in a long time. 
Feeling as though I'd turned into my indestructible, alter-ego, I released myself from Security's arms and swirled away from that beautiful view, sliding back onto my quad-bikes seat. I somehow knew now how things worked, and I roared up the machine's engine - ready to continue and forget this momentary mishap, but keep what I'd learnt close to my heart, always.
''This road will take us to her,'' Security said, sitting back on his quad-bike.
We were soon off together again, riding through the dirt-road, mind on the mend and with new priorities in motion.

Several sharp, ear-piercing ruffs of a dog's voice took me swiftly out from a dazing dream. There it was in front, the manor house from before. All looked quiet, and all was.
I jumped off my bike and walked through the grounds. I felt an uncomfortable feeling being back here, as I looked over at the entrance to the manor; where past memories of a carriage outside had given us passage to a deadly feast.
It was eerie enough, however, things seemed off from when I was last here. Understandably, on my last visit, it might have been night-time, so my eyes weren't quite adjusted to the surroundings. But I don't recall cracked paint, rubble, broken windows, and dead bodies ornamenting the grounds outside. 
The headless body by my feet belonged to a Ravager - who else? Yet, the two other corpses weren't of Ravager kind, they looked more like Marcus' people - that should have made me worry - should have cloaked me in anxiety and fear. Yet nothing. I was as chill as a summertime bee - assuming they're known for being chill.
Even the thought of what this meant for Hope's future had no effect on me. That was worrying - even though I wasn't worried… I was confused… even though I wasn't. Basically, emotions that I had come accustom to activating in certain situations like this, weren't working anymore. Of course, it was my new ability to control such emotions. I decided to turn my emotions back onto auto-pilot… with-in reason. I didn't want to freak out, but I wanted to feel human, at least… for now.
With familiar emotions now back in play. I panicked. The large, wooden door had been broken in at the lock, and I pushed them inwards to reveal a burnt-out corridor, with charred remnants of some type of animals - unless there was a zoo nearby that had lost a lot of great apes recently, those bodies on the ground were just another load of lost souls from the human race.
Still playing around with my emotions, I dampened by anxiety again - I'd get the hang of this eventually. I spun around and barged past Security. I think I bleated out the word 'sorry,' as I rushed back outside. A nasty-sounding, sloppy crunch, erupted from my left foot - I'd put it right through the stomach of the headless and decaying Ravager. 
A little 'snip-snip' with the emotional control again and I was perfectly fine. I could completely ignore the tangle of intestines that had ravelled themselves around my boot, as I ran off around the side of the manor. Using my brainpower, I tried to recall the path towards that idyllic summer house we'd stayed in, previously. I could control my emotions; I wonder if I could navigate my senses?
Apples. An orchard he was trying to build… wasn't he? Apples, find them, smell them out, I told myself. Something lingered in front of me. It was like making use of a sixth sense. It was there. I couldn't see it. But it guided me. A kind of true intuition: Fermentation, mouldy apples. I caught a whiff of it and I was off. Just as soon as poor Security had caught up with me, I left him behind once more.
I ran north of the manor. Past broken bodies and smoking piles of blackened debris, as I followed the foresight I had - mixing the controls of different emotions as I went. The two dogs were either side of me, several meters apart, and Security was coming up behind; I didn't see any of them - I just knew they were there.
An ordered arrangement of trees rose up from the earth, out in the distance. Those were the fruits I was searching for. I headed forth towards them, running through the central column - rows upon rows of trees passed me by. This middle path slowly guided me up to a summer house, standing broken in the distant horizon. That's the place I remembered, where I last said goodbye to a disgruntled Hope. Though thinking back to my last recollection of this place, I'm sure it seemed taller. The further I ran towards it, the closer the truth came towards me - something was odd with this picture - it was a smouldering wreck; the foundations of broken brick laid bare - nothing was left, apart from a few charcoaled and twisted ruins inside.
This was a disappointment. I kicked a half-fried apple by my foot, it bounced off a nearby tree, knocking a sizeable portion of its grilled bark to the crispy dirt, before landing back in my hand. That was a pleasant surprise. I bit into the juicy side and spat out the rest, throwing the apple into the blackened abyss, within the summer house.
This should have been the point where I grew petrified inside. Was that single 'bye,' which Hope had left me with, the last thing I'd have of her? Was she to be just another dead memory? The two dogs jumped over the wrecked walls and began sniffing through the ashes. 
Security came to my side, to see what I saw. ''The most important thing, Matter, is not to stress. Keep your mind intact and calm.'' Again, those reassuring hands topped my shoulders, slightly massaging as they held me - was that weird? Surely not.
''Thanks. I'm actually fine. I think I'm slowly learning the controls of this new body.'' I pressed the inside of my palms.
''Yes.'' Security stood back. ''I can see that.''
Something smashed through what I can only assume used to be a door; rubble and burnt pieces of junk, tumbled out of the ruin with a dog surfing atop the dirt-wake - she shook the soot of herself and made a sad whine.
''Nothing?'' Security said to the dog. ''Shall we make use of some eyes up there?'' 
''Certainly,'' spoke the dog. Her flanks opened up, and from each side, a single-drone was dispensed and spun itself up into the sky.
''In the future, we're hoping for permanent eyes up there. But we're still building ourselves up. We may be getting stronger, but we're not impervious,'' Security let me know, as I tried to ignore what I'd just seen.
''That's not ideal,'' came the words from a man walking around the sides of the ruin. ''How the hell are you still alive?''
Security's eyes both glowed an evil red; his dogs snarled their teeth.
''I'm a friend.'' That took Quen out of his cocksure posture. ''My God, I heard rumours about you. Matter, please tell me he's on our side?''
Security's demonic head turned towards me. I gave a reluctant shrug. He eased up and his eyes returned to some kind of normal.
''Quen, where's Hope?'' I asked bluntly.
''Where's Hope? Have you looked around recently? Where's anything?'' replied Quen.
Security's eyes began to glow red again.
''Calm it, metalhead.'' Quen placed his hand up to Security's face. ''Before we continue any further, you might be wanting to know that there is a large group of Ravagers, half-a-mile away. You see the dead bodies and burning buildings? Does that give you a slight indication that we're in the middle of a fuckin' fight? So, perhaps you'd like to follow me to somewhere a little bit less in the open? Then I can bloody well tell you where Hope is!'' Quen exclaimed.
''He's right. And they're closer than that,'' Security added.
''Tell me she's safe, that's all I want to know,'' I asked Quen, holding my ground.
''See all these bodies? Might be she's one of them? I can barely tell who's on our side anymore. So, for the next five minutes stop thinking about yourself, and follow me!'' Quen crouched down and hurried east.
''Let's go, Matter. It will be alright,'' Security said, gently pulling me alongside him, towards Quen.
We scurried into an overcrowded section of the orchard of apple trees. I felt protected with Security's hand holding my arm, and the dogs at our flanks, as we crept after Quen.
I chanced a look back towards the north. A shambled group of Ravagers were stalking around, in their blood-red torn clothes; pieced together with metal and whatever rubbish they could scavenge, which became one with their armour - they were a simple embodiment of disorganised order, sprinkled with an ample dusting of chaos.
Quen disappeared behind an old and forgotten wooden shed. We walked around to find that the entire side was missing. Laying inside the rotten shell, a couple of familiar faces sat in silence. They looked like little, frightened baby chicks when they saw us turn up - both unsure at first as to who we really were. But then they remembered - we all remembered.
''Matter?'' Marcus nearly shouted in disbelief. He sat with his arm around his sister, Gem - she forced a small smile, but grimaced in pain, holding tightly onto her bandaged belly.
''Wait until you meet his friend,'' Quen sneered.
Security popped his head around to assess the situation. 
''Gem? You're fatally wounded,'' concluded Security.
''You know each other?'' Marcus said in shock.
''Me and rubber-face… had a short…'' she winced from the pain that erupted from underneath her bandages. ''…a short introduction. I accidentally lead a small army of Ravagers through his land… but it looks like he knows how to handle himself… unlike me,'' Gem let out a high-pitch shrill. Marcus comforted her as best he could.
''Please allow me to help. We have functioning medical facilities back at my home,'' offered Security.
''Before we go any further,'' I rudely butted in, but I'd had enough of waiting. ''Where is Hope?''
Marcus' reaction didn't do anything to settle my stomach. I felt the need not to suppress my emotions this time.
''Have we all gone mad?!'' Quen quietly raged. ''There's a pack of Ravagers directly in front of us, and we're having a casual chat?! You know they must have heard us by now.''
''Fuck off, Quen!'' I yelled, foolishly, but selfishly I didn't care.
Predictably, a fist nipped to have its way under my chin. Fortunately, for this poor soul, a much quicker fist belonging to Security grabbed the hurtling hand before it could reach its destination.
''Quen,'' Security said, holding his arm. ''I don't want to break it. And I'm on your side. I do believe, however, that you have a very valid point for us to be silent.'' Security let go of his arm and stood in between us both.
I positioned myself inside the dilapidated shed and sat diagonally opposite Marcus. I decided I better get back on that control panel again and adjust my emotional level.
''Sorry, Quen,'' I admitted in a heavy whisper.
He nodded and began scouting his eyes through the tree line.
''Matter,'' Marcus began, noticing the puppy-dog look I was giving him. ''I don't know where to begin, I don't know where she is. I don't know where the majority of our people are. Like most, we got separated. She was still living in the summer house, nothing had changed, really, since we last met.
''The brutality of it, Matter. Is… we've all lost people today. And I really hope what I say next is false, but the most likely scenario is that she's one of the bodies on the ground out there.'' He tightened his arm around his sister, as the nasty truth settled in.
I took a look out of my rotten shed to see a few bodies dotted around the orchard; each and everyone I spotted had the horrific chance of being her.
''Ready to burn!'' screamed some maniac. 
Several flaming bottles showered down upon us, bursting into a bright ring of light around the shed. I was too busy worrying which dead body out there looked most like Hope, to realise my whole torso was alight. Security's eyes glared red again, and he sprang off towards the maniac. One of our friendly dogs appeared, and foamed out flame-retardant from the depths of her belly; covering us all over with the stuff - those flames had expelled just as quickly as they had erupted.
Quen grunted angrily, a nasty burn covered his chest. ''Fuck these fucks!'' he yelled, grabbing a sidearm and unsheathing his sword, as he rushed into the same direction that Security had disappeared in.
''I'm sorry that I can't help, little brother,'' Gem managed to say through pursed lips, body failing her.
''Don't say that. It's about time I returned the favour,'' Marcus said tearfully, as Gem laughed out a gut-wrenching, bloody croak.
I felt pity towards these two, mere-strangers in my life. Maybe I wasn't just the only one suffering, maybe… slightly maybe, I had been blinded with the solidarity of my own grief and personal mission, that I had become completely selfish and self-obsessed? Wait… was that my own feelings or Security talking through my head again? I guess I'll never truly know the answer to that riddle?
A Ravager popped around the side of the shed. A mix of madness and confusion ran vividly out through his face. He raised a saw-of-shotgun up to Gem's head. Marcus instantly tucked his sister's face into his chest, as he rolled over her to take the pellets in his back.
A flash of teeth and fur fell upon the Ravager. His gun fired, but at a distorted angle. Security's male dog had torn the arm off, save for a few strands of sinew which kept the hand and gun dangling, like a morbid cat's plaything. I don't even think the Ravager had a single clue to what had just happened, I hazard a guess his blood-shot eyes and powdered nose had something to do with that. He drew his arm up and tittered at the absurdity of his nearly dismembered appendage.
Security's dog turned around, a deep growl grizzled under snarled red and white teeth. He pounced back at the Ravager, who was almost willing, as they fell onto the soft ground together; with little to no fight put up, the crazed man soon fell into silence and in-towards an untoward peace.
A few projectiles had still reached their mark, however, into Marcus' back. He slowly moved off his sister, more concerned with Gem's wellbeing than his own.
''Marcus!'' Quen rushed backed, fear for once in his eyes. He stabbed his bloodied sword into the ground outside the shed, and carefully held onto Marcus.
''Don't worry about me. Gem, you alright?'' he asked his sister.
''You're bleeding,'' Gem realised.
''You know how I like to copy you,'' he tried to laugh.
The dogs' ears erected, and they both stormed off together to engage in a group of Ravagers, just a few yards behind the shed - screams, gunshots, and barking ensued.
I decided I might be more useful if I got up and started hitting people with a stick. Sadly, that stick in question was nowhere to be seen. Four or five Ravagers appeared the way Security had left; with twisted and devious looks laden upon their faces. I kicked up a miserable looking twig into my hands and waved it about - ever looking the fool for their pleasure.
''Give it your best shot, fuckers!'' I yelled with determination.
They laughed in bellyache. After all this time, comedy was my unintentional best weapon. One out of the group, who tired quickest from my theatre display, held up an Uzi - fashionably decorated with razor-edged glass and welded metal. He sprayed a few decent shots, deep into my shoulder and chest. I felt nothing - this body of mine was beautiful.
I rushed them; pathetic twig raised above my head. I felt invisible, I didn't care, for I believed I'd soon be mimicking their smiles. Equally, they raised their shards of metal and guns towards me. A few meters off and I'd soon be learning what the outcome of this tiff would be.
Too late for a verdict. Ravager-Uzi's belly burst-open, with steamy entrails dangling over his friends like bloody Christmas lights. We were all amused and truly terrified for quite literally two seconds, that is until a crater appeared at the bottom of the group. I flew backwards up into the air, cracking through several tree branches on my way back down to Earth; five or six lonely legs came with me - the waists they belonged to screamed and clambered their way out from the glowing embers of the crater. 
A giant vehicle felled several orchard trees, as it burst onto the scene; moving via metal-tracks, an almost humanoid body rose fifteen-meters high from the wheels. Each metal arm ended in a canon, billowing with smoke. Crested on top, a freaky-metal head scanned the perimeter. A little further investigation over this beast drew my eyes towards a chromatic-rainbow figure, straddling off the machine's right shoulder. The slender figure cartwheeled next to the head and revealed two silencer-pistols. 
The vibrant, female figure raised each pistol, as the disco-effect over her body danced within my retinas. I was mesmerised as she fired the automatic pistols; each shot firmly placed itself into the panicked heads of the Ravagers - placing each one of them from a scurrying wreck into a calmed sleep.
A couple of dinks sparked off from the machine's left shoulder, and the beast simply reacted by turning a few degrees on its axis and firing off a shot from its arm cannon, into the distance. A few seconds later, the sounds of an electric-explosion, followed by a few pitiful cries echoed back, as the beast readjusted itself into its original, front-facing position.
The lady on top, who shined in chrome, represented a silhouette who had come to life. She jumped off the shoulder, and with a ballerina's grace, landed perfectly in front of our run-down shed. Her shimmering changed from an erratic, rainbow-boogie, to an alien-like, metallic shine. I think she was on our side, honestly, I had no idea who she was… or what she even was.
The pistols in her hands folded in on themselves and retracted up inside her wrists. She walked slowly up to me as her shiny-coat dissipated away, and a human - of sorts - revealed itself to me… the Dancing-Lady.
''I heard you were in trouble. Now as you saved me before, allow me to save you,'' she softly spoke, in her calm and reassuring voice.
''They need saving.'' I pointed to Marcus and his sister. ''I'm still searching for her.''
Two comical robots, stumbled around the back of the giant - each looking like they were once a wind-up version of something a kid would be playing with.
''Trust me, if you can. These are friends,'' I said to Quen, who raised his sword up high. ''More than friends. The best of anything you'll find out here.''
Quen was hesitant but allowed the robots to pick Marcus and Gem up - escorting them over to the giant, humanoid vehicle. Its belly opened outwards to reveal a small compartment inside, with seating, lights, and a smiling robot seated within. I was impressed that Quen agreed to this arrangement so easily. Once they were all inside, the beast's belly closed, sealing them in safely. The whole unit backed off, to make its way back to our base. 
The Dancing-Lady didn't go. She stayed with me. ''We'll find her, Matter,'' she aimed to ease me, but there was nothing I could think to say. We stood in silence for a time.
Security reappeared, with a few robots that I had never seen before, roaming behind him. I assumed they'd dealt with the Ravager threat - swiftly. His talking dogs returned and greeted my hands with their wet tongues.
''You'll be pleased in one way, Matter,'' Security began. ''We didn't find her. Whatever happened here, it was bloody. Forty-eight dead Ravagers and twenty-five dead guards, from Marcus' group.''
''I recall Marcus telling me they were worried of an imminent attack. Guess he was right,'' was all I could be bothered to say. A sharp wind blew across my face, bringing with it the smell of death from battles past and present.
''Take your time with this, Matter,'' Security said delicately, as he handed something over to me, in his closed palm.
He slowly unfolded his fingers to reveal a severed eyebrow, reddening his palm. Naturally, misplaced body parts were nothing new in a world like this one, but this particular piece of loose flesh had a less familiar hair colour about it. Ginger hair. I flinched as I peered closer towards it, as though he had an angry spider flipping me off in his hand. I touched the underneath of his fingers and drew them back over the eyebrow. I let go of him and turned away.
''It looks bad, but doesn't have to mean that,'' he said.
''What does it mean then?'' I asked him.
''It means that we only dealt with a few leftovers of a much larger group of Ravagers,'' Dancing-Lady - who I'll now call Dance - suggested.
''The drones didn't pick up a group nearby. But there is another, well-fortified, Ravager base a few miles north of here, which is a likely spot for them to take prisoners to - if any were taken,'' Security said.
''So, you're saying she's there. Let's get going then? Right?'' I replied, with a sudden surge of energy pulsating back through my body again.
''Hold on, Matter,'' expressed Security. ''We barely had enough strength to win this fight. That place is a different scenario altogether.''
I gave him that look of - I'm going with or without your permission.
''We won't be able to offer much support if you go it alone, Matter,'' Dance interjected. ''Please come home with us. It will give us time to build more reinforcements and decipher further information from Marcus and his group around the current situation.''
''I can't do it.'' All I saw was north. ''Can't do it again. I gave up on my wife and kid before. Watched them… watched them raped and murdered in front of me, by those creatures. Stay. Don't risk anymore of your time with me. But I'm going. Sorry.'' I began to walk away.
Two familiar hands grasped each of my shoulders. I stooped in their embrace, legs moving but I wasn't going anywhere.
''Security… I don't think I've even asked you your name,'' I told him.
''Never really had a true name. But I like Security.'' He smiled.
''I don't want to put you in a tricky position. I know your place is with Dance… that's my name for the Dancing-Lady. Let me do this. And no matter what happens, don't blame yourself. Set our world right… I think for just once, this planet deserves something better than this.''
''Know I would go with you, Matter. You know my first place is Dance's Security,'' he said sorrowfully. I think I even saw sadness behind those eyes of his. 
Dance came up to his side. ''We'll keep the drones in the sky for you. Take one of the dogs, too. We'll have your quad-bike on standby for your return.'' She placed her hand on the side of my face. ''We will see you again. That, I promise.''
I nodded. I understood. I hoped so much that they were coming with me, that together we could save Hope. But it was too much a risk, I suppose. And honestly, we were getting quite soppy, I mean the three of us were all standing there, inches away from one another; Security cradling my shoulders, and Dance with her hand plastered over my face, whilst staring lovingly into my eyes. I think even if a Ravager where to have walked by at this precise point, they would have gotten rather, feverishly jealous towards our intimate threesome and wanted to join in for a hug, as well.
  Eventually, Security was the first to back away, feeling sorry for himself. Dance handed me a shiny-metal object and stepped in line with Security. The female dog appeared and sat by my side.
''Okay,'' I said unsure. ''O… Kay? Wanna be called Kay, unless you have another name?'' I asked the doggy.
The dog seemed to smirk.
''We haven't really done linguistical names. I think it's time for a change,'' smiled Dance.


*


 Nightfall. The base made no efforts to conceal itself from the outside; angry music blared out from the compound - drunken freaks stumbled across the walkways, abrasive in their nature. This place had a very copy and paste vibe going on about it - just like the one I had visited when the Giggler was escorting me through - they probably used the same builders.
Yet, this time around, the base was in the centre of what I can only guess used to be a thriving, little town. Mostly rumble remained from the buildings that had once been here. The only place left marginally intact was a semi-large church, which made up the front entrance to the main compound. Walkways had been drilled in around the top section, and the large, rusty metal barriers that could only contain the most interesting things inside, spread so far out on both sides, I couldn't competently work out just how big an area was concealed within.
Though before you start to believe, that despite the narcissistic-sadistic tendencies of the Ravagers - they surely knew how to build intuitive infrastructure - I'd need to stop you there. For sure they could probably build certain things if they tired of lunacy for just two seconds. But sadly, most of their well-fortified bases, like this one, had been stolen from much kinder, and unfortunately clever-fools - not as into murder as their current tenants, and were all but destroyed. And thus, the last group of innovators left - who held one of the final flickering flames of hope for the future of our kind - were snuffed out.
Dotted around the compound, in the ruins of the once flourishing town, small groups of Ravagers sat next to fires; debating in their madness to one another. Fortunately, it wasn't too hard to weave into town and place ourselves in the roofless, second-floor of an old shop - almost directly facing the front-doors to the church ahead. I assumed that if Hope was to be anywhere, it would be in there. 
Kay, the female-robotic dog who I'd ever so cleverly named, twisted her muzzle through my elbows. I sat crouched, resting my arms on a concrete hole, where a window must have been placed once. I ruffled Kay's fur and thought deeply into what my next steps were to be. The little metal-box which Dance had given me, was one of her transforming pistols. I played with it for a while, watching it transform into a fully-formed weapon, and just like that, I jerked my hand to the left slightly and it compacted itself back into a small box; attaching itself securely to my wrist - I couldn't even feel the thing. I watched it tuck itself underneath the metal arm-brace I wore; just like before, when Security had forced me to plunge my hands into the cooked belly of a Ravager, I'd fitted myself up with a range of their odd attire - made out of metal and cloth. 
I decided to forgo the blood smearing and stomach rummaging, on this occasion, now I was in some kind of full-control of my actions. Though it sickened me to be crouching here, wearing this shit; every Ravager I saw made me think of all the pain these fucks had put me, my friends and family through. True, I did wonder if every single Ravager was accountable for my pain. Maybe some were just trying to survive and had no choice? If that was to be the case, I only hoped they would be clever enough to stay out of my way tonight - for there'd be no holding back on my end.
''Is this weird?'' I whispered, stroking Kay.
''Weird?'' she replied.
''Yeah, it is.'' I recalled my hand.
''Ruffling up my fur makes you uncomfortable, because you know I can talk?''
''A tad.'' I flicked away the loose hair that had come off in my hands. ''Makes you human, and I don't usually give belly-rubs to my friends when I converse with them.''
She made a quiet whimper and needily pawed at me.
''Hmm.'' I gave her a scowl.
''To put your mind at ease: I was born a dog; my owner was part of the team that created our kinship of robots. When I got sick, they used their skills to preserve me into the animal you see today. The same for my brother, too, when he got ill.'' She pawed at me again.
''Really?'' I grabbed her paw. ''A shame they were too late with fixing this mess.'' I motioned to the outside world.
''Not too late, Matter. Things are still mixing. Nothings set yet.''
''God, let's pray you're right.'' I thought about that for a second. ''Think the church is putting subliminal messages into my grey matter. The only being I'm praying to is the 'Great Doggo of the skies.'''
''Good luck with that,'' she almost laughed.
Kay's eyes darted around in their sockets as if she was reading some invisible text.
''Drones have picked up some activity inside. I can get you up to the top there if you want?'' she advised.
''Alright, let's do this. Get me up if you can.'' I stretched out my legs.
''How good are you in that body?'' she asked, curiously.
''Think I've mostly got the hang of it now.'' I wiggled more of my limbs around.
''Good. You'll need to jump when I do, to get up there.''
I looked out into the dim night. Just a few yards out in front, stood the beginnings of the metal-sheeting, screwed into the sides of the church - must have been at least ten-feet high. 
''Step on me and hold tight to my collar.'' Kay lowered herself down.
''Really?'' I said, not completely convinced with the idea.
''Trust me. I've sturdy stuff in my bones.''
I boarded on top of the willing doggy and my body soon adjusted itself into a perfect balance.
''And Matter…'' she paused.
''Yes, Kay?''
''Trust your instincts.'' She uprighted herself. ''Also, I used to be called Rose. But I'll let you call me Kay if you want - it's alright.''
Before I could work out why she was telling me that, Kay leapt out of the windowless ruin and raced towards the metal fortification. I held on with ease, as Kay jumped and scurried her legs up the sheeting as far as she could. I felt the urge and hopped off her back for the rest of the journey upwards. I used my feet to run up the last meter of sheeting, and with my arms fully stretched, I clasped onto the top. I brought my right leg up and rolled off the parapet's edge, down onto the walkway below. Keeping my body flat, I poked my head out to find Kay; she'd already rushed back into the ruin, and her eyes glinted for a few moments, showing that she was still there for me.
I rolled the other way, confidence boiling over. Down below me, inside the beast, the church stretched out to the left; lights which had been nailed on the outside gave me an unshaded view of the small settlements that had been constructed around it. Just as I was expecting, there was nothing of taste in here; wooden shelters had been erected by people who'd never seen a hammer, let alone a house for that matter.
Fire pits were swarmed with erratic-maniacs flocked around them - drink, drugs, and white spirit filled the intoxicating air and their bellies. Rotten carcases of both man and beast were littered all over, without a single care - forming a maggoty carpet for the Ravagers to have their toes comforted by. 
Plastic waste and anything that could decompose laid scattered amongst the bugs, between the decaying carpet - in all places and spots. I urge you, try and find a gap free of anything, you'd be hard-pressed. To sum it up politely: This was a place of plentiful shit, crammed-full with the parasites of humanity - come for the holidays, stay awhile… hell, bring the whole family… why ever need leave paradise?
Amongst the folly of this disorder, a messy selection of dirty benches and composting logs had been arranged around in a circle. Within the circle, five spaced-out poles had been hammered into the ground; each one with its own metal ring, poking out on top.
The music which angrily stomped against my eardrums, sounded like someone was banging bin-lids together, while they had a go at surgically dismembering themselves - started to grow quieter - until it stopped altogether. Thank God… doggy God that is. 
Down there, the spaced-out revellers came together; sitting in the circle, or standing around it. Some were hidden from the light, and I could only make out-of-sorts, the outline of their heads when the dancing flames from the surrounding firepits lit them up.
Two men of equal height barged their way through the crowd. A couple of foolish Ravagers who protested about being shoved, soon found the guards fists in their heads, and the audience made no hesitation to carry out the beating on their behalf. Blood splattered; the two misfortunate men were pushed out into the middle. They desperately tried their utmost to disperse back into the crowd, but wherever they made an attempt, the Ravagers would howl and push them both back out into the centre.
In between the two giants, a weedy man - whose face was so sunken in, it looked as though his head was a floating skull - had a fanciful, gold cushioned chair awaiting him, and he accepted the offering with his buttocks upon it. A servant of some kind, placed another chair next to him, where a younger girl with long jet-black hair and a dagger sheathed at her hip, shoved the servant out of her way as she sat down next to Skull-Head.
The two Ravagers were still trying their best to scurry back into the crowd. Some nasties had thrown a dagger into one of their legs, and a partially broken pallet had been smashed into the other ones back; two protruding nails from the plank had embedded themselves deep into his shoulder - he swung his arms behind like a rag doll, trying to pull the thing out.
''Leave it!'' shouted out the young girl.
He let go of it reluctantly, whimpering.
''That's my gift to you!'' she chuckled. ''And you.'' Pointing at the other man. ''Leave that knife in. Or, I might just 'ave to kiss you with this.'' Her fingers wriggled around the hilt of her dagger.
It was great showmanship I must say. The crowd loved it. And the two blushing Ravagers sat down, praying inside that they'd soon be forgotten about. Silly they'd been, but I presumed they hadn't realised just who they were arguing with. Still, they were brave enough to hassle the giants - who both comfortably edged towards the higher end of six-feet.
Skull-Head produced a whittled stick from somewhere and poked the lower-back of the giant guard to his right. The big-man looked infuriated at first. But when he realised who was doing the poking, he changed his menacing demeanour to that of a bouncing baby with a rattle. He moved forwards into the circle and shaped his face into a ferocious wolf, as he eyed up the crowd - looking as though he was about to take them all on.
A memory of a man flashed out in front of me - one of equal size and muscle index to this brute. He'd been a tad pissed off when I'd fallen on him with the Giggler; even going to the lengths of chopping some of my bits off with his large sword - if I remember correctly. Though to be fair, Mr. Muscle was wearing just a helmet and had his own bits out - if I really wanted to remember correctly. I'm not quite sure how into it this brute would be if I was to suggest he donned on a helmet and revealed his own private bits for me, so I could compare… for science. So, alas, until he accepts that offer, I'll never truly know if he was the same man… maybe just a cousin?
Back into reality, Cousin-Muscle below was about done with his prancing act of attempting to intimidate the entire audience, aside from Knife-Girl and Skull-Head.
''Listen! Cretins and fucktards!'' he politely said. ''A successful raid! Last two days! Over yonder way! You know the score! We fucked 'em!'' he roared. The crowd went ballistic. Even the two wounded Ravagers managed to express a clap or three.
''No politics!'' He walked in slow circles. ''No agreements! No trade! It's all ours! You know! And there's these rumours going around! Rumours of a rebirth of a once-forgotten enemy! You know! Metal and rubber! Trying to be like us!'' He kicked a clump of dirt into the faces of the crowd - they loved it.
''We crushed them before! We'll crush 'em again! And if they think they're smarter this time! If they think they're wiser! They'll learn just what a true terror we all are!'' He directed an arm into the crowd. ''They have technology! What they fail to realise - is that we do, too!''
Something clawed its way out from the erratic audience. A charcoaled, metal construction, shining in the firelight, stuttered its way into the middle of the circle; four long, spider-like legs joined up to a small chassis - each attached to one of four corners.
The chassis turned and uprighted itself, two of the bare metal legs balanced on the ground, crouching on hinged knees. The other two legs hung in the air, forming the arms. This metal construction was erratic, stuttering like something mad moved the controls from within; moving like it was recovering from several-past addictions.
The legs ended in razor-sharp, fingered claws, which had dug themselves deep into the bare-ground. Gripped in tightly, the chassis started to bend backwards, at what you might call its waist. The arms stretched out as if trying to touch the stars. When the chassis nearly touched the dirt, the legs erected and swatted it back up. At the top, a ringed spine swung out from behind, and a ferocious metal head appeared; four or five twisted metal spikes, sprung outwards from the shaking creature's head. It growled in deep distortion, walking with the jitters around the crowd - fully upright, this monstrosity must have been at least fifteen-feet tall. 
It crept around and around. Taking in its onlookers. The claws on the end of each arm snapped at the crowd. These Ravagers weren't scared, they adored it; cheering as the hands bit at them. Almost as if they were willing to be cut.
I'd no idea what I was looking at. Was it a friend of Dance? It certainly didn't look well. Even as it froze in a pose for several seconds it shook, like a coal engine inside was keeping it running. I felt strange as the creature seemed to be staring directly over towards me. Impossible - I was hidden far out of sight, cloaked in darkness… unless it had some kind of night vision mod installed…? Best not think about that.
A quick tweak and that anxiety soon fleeted. I examined the head; the bent metal hairs really did help complement its mad posture. It was as if I were staring at a metal sculpture of man, whose carver had smoked rather a lot of puff, and sniffed just a little bit too much glue when they devised this thing up - actually, I probably wasn't too far from the truth.
Large, thick round washers had been welded around its gleaming black, soulless spider eyes. All that made up its mouth was a slight dent from a hammer - if the sculptor's only intention was to have made something truly terrifying, then above all, they'd succeeded in that if nothing else.
Seemingly fixated in my direction, the creature began to take a couple of steps backwards - classically while doing the robot… which I guess is to be expected. It's right-hand snapped to the side and pulled the Ravager, with the nails in his back, up by the neck. He squirmed around like a little worm who'd been plucked from the soil by a terrifying blackbird. The creature held the hanging Ravager up to his torso and jerked his head over to Skull-Head.
''May I?'' the clawed creature asked, in grizzled distortion.
''As you please.'' Skull-Head smirked.
''Delightful.'' Claw used his left hand to strip the head from its body.
Blood showered over the crowd, and they cried in sweet desire - opening-wide their mouths, to taste the virgin, blood-snow. They screamed and cheered as Claw tossed the body towards them, like an empty can. He planted the head on one of his head spikes; creepily, chuckling to himself in crackled laughter, as the blood ran down his body, glistening across Claw's blackened-framework in the light of the flames.
He pointed at the other petrified Ravager, with the dagger snug inside his thigh.
''May I?'' he asked Skull-Head again.
''All yours, friend,'' allowed Skull-Head, tapping the whittled stick against his own temple.
''Delightful.'' Claws arm came out searching for him.
The Ravager screamed a heartfelt cry and scurried under the legs of the crowd. Claw wasn't worried, he darted his arm into the audience and scooped out the wriggling Ravager. Claw placed Dagger-Thigh on top of his shoulder, holding him in place. No killing-blow had been struck, yet.
''I'd like to keep you for later,'' Claw told his buddy up on top.
Dagger-Thigh wailed out protests and begged for sympathy. He knew sympathy didn't live amongst this place or these people - but he gave it his best shot, nevertheless.
''What am I, I hear you ask?'' Shook Claw. ''I am your inventor of technology, your tool for dominance. I have the wit and creativity to ensure our light never dies out.'' He bathed in the passionate cries his fellow Ravagers flourished him in.
''I breed you children of war. I bring you everlasting power. My fleshed-brethren, what I give you is death and blood to all our enemies! My guarantee to you! Keep your bellies starved, for a feast is coming!'' He crouched back down on his spider-legs and crawled away with Dagger-Thigh wailing in tow - stalking off into the shadows of the night.
I observed the night sky, wondering if the drones had caught any of this madness? What would the others be thinking back home? This changes everything - I thought we were the ones with technological superiority. Now the Ravagers had either made or befriended one for their own.
An ancient door on the side of the church opened up; a column of fleshy souls were marched outwards into the coldness. I counted five shackled hostages - pushed and shoved through the rowdy mob of Ravagers. The poor souls, I could only relate to what they'd already been put through, as they were harassed - slapped, punched, shamed and abused - thrown into the middle of their cruel, preying hosts.
Now it became all the clearer as to why those posts had been hammered into the middle-ground. Each bloodied and bruised prisoner was hooked onto a post - arms bent behind their backs. This was an execution.
It was near impossible to distinguish between each one; they were bald, naked, and dead inside. Three men, two women. Yet gender had been forcibly redefined for some of them; two of the men's genitalia now represented chewed pulp, whilst one of the women had both her nipples ripped off and the end of a bloodied lead-pipe, sticking out from her lower-end.
The other woman was missing one of her breasts… fear shivered down me - could it be? Hope? My eyes zoomed in like a telescope. Her head was bowed down, just like the rest. Please, I begged to myself. Look up. 
The Ravagers weren't intent on killing them just yet. Like feral cats with a mouse, they loved to tease and humiliate their prey, until they pleaded for the killing blow - which would never come as swift or humanely as the true feline would permit.
The two giants stalked around the bait, allowing a few Ravagers at a time to enter and tease their victims. If they got a bit too handsy, or violent, the giants would give them a sharp kick to the ribs, or a thump on the head. Skull-Head and Knife-Girl looked on, by the looks on their faces they were neither enjoying nor hating this experience.
One Ravager, who was granted access to violate the prisoners, started by snapping his jaw at them, and squealed like a howler monkey - flinging his arms about in the air, like an inflated balloon with a puncture. He took it in turns to draw each of the prisoners heads up and assault them with a vile, tongued kiss. Next, he loomed over her and brought the head up - and there she was - eyelids torn off, exposing dry, beautiful eyes rolled into the back of her skull, as the tormentor vultured his tongue down her throat.
Unknowingly, I'd bent the platform I was laying on, upwards, with my fingers curved around its edge. The disturbing sight I eyed made me buckle the walkway up in my hands, and with a short groan, it gave way, slicing into my chin. I jumped in surprise, instantly pulling out the metal end, which had embedded itself into my flesh - no blood flowed out - how at this point in my distress I wished I could bleed. I wanted to lather my face in it… but I doubt I made blood any more - not with this body.
The metal bracelet around my wrist unfolded into the pistol. I stood up tall. I'd no idea how I was going to do this. But worse case I'd put a bullet in both our heads. Time to really see what this body was capable of. Jumping position posed, I was ready to go. Before I could launch off the walkway, a jaw grabbed my ankle and I stumbled, slamming back down to the metal ground.
''Kay!'' I shouted. Suddenly realising someone might have heard me, but a surge of screams from below soon overcast that.
''Fuck!'' yelled one of the giants. ''Kill that fuck!'' Someone had sliced a machete through the collar bone of one of the male prisoners, right down to the belly.
''See that, Kay! I'm going! So, I'd recommend you let go, unless you're coming with me?!'' I tried to jerk my foot out of her jaw.
''Wait, Matter. Give me one minute,'' she stuttered with my foot in her mouth.
''No, No! Let go, bad Doggy!'' I screeched.
She spat out my foot. ''I know there's no talking you out of this.'' Her left flank opened up. ''Take it,'' she huffed, irritated.
I moved around to see a wide, single barrel of a gun, suspended between two metal clamps. I placed my hands on the gun and the clamps opened up for me to have the weapon. I held it up and peered right down, inside.
''Careful. There's only one shot in there. Use it very wisely, and give yourself plenty of room when you fire it off. I'll give you some support up here.'' She bit my ankle, hard. ''Now go!'' she barked.
I got back to my feet. Had one last recollection of thoughts. Tweaked the appropriate chemicals flowing into my brain - I felt good. Pistol retreated back into a bracelet. Other gun down the back of my trousers - time to go.
I ran across the way and jumped up onto the side of the church. My fingers were steel, each one dug itself into the crumbling brickwork. I fingered my way along, until I was only a few meters above the door, from where Hope and the other prisoners had been marched out of. The gravelled path was swamped with fidgeting Ravagers; about ten-meters away, the outer edge of the large crowd began… I could almost jump to it.
I let myself go and landed on a spotlight; the thing nearly snapped off its brackets, as it bent and spewed out screws from the brickwork. I slammed it back inside the wall with my heel, and a few bits of dislodged stone and dust dropped out, covering two Ravagers standing underneath, in a cloud of powder and confusion.
They turned their heads up to see myself perched on the light. I smiled and let gravity take the spotlight from below my feet; it smashed into the head of the first Ravager, and I fell on top of the other one. I crunched my boot's heel into their neck - an all too peaceful death than they deserved. The other one staggered, broken glass sticking out of their bloodied hair. A sharp point of my fingers into her throat and she was gone too. Death was easy. Some other Ravagers saw what had happened, but they laughed and carried on with their business - such odd hobbies these creatures endured.
I dusted my tatters and strutted forward, along the path towards her. I shouldered my way into the back of the crowd and wedged a route through, drop-kicking the last two Ravagers in front of me, and they fell out into the middle of the circle. I felt as though I'd walked on stage. A hideous audience watched on, as the two giants both turned their heads towards me.
''May I?'' I asked the hairy giant.
He turned to face Skull-Head. The boss shook his head in disapproval. No matter. I wasn't really asking for it anyway. The Hairy-One looked back over at me, to find that I'd darted over to the prisoners. I stopped in front of Hope, gently holding her face.
''Hang in there. I got you, Hope.''
My bracelet transformed itself back into Dance's pistol. I turned and pointed it up to the Hairy-One - two bullets fired - each in an eye. A few seconds of confusion later, Ravagers were trying to figure out in their battered minds, what had just occurred. Plenty of time for me to pull the single, barrelled gun out from under the back of my tanned-leather trousers.
I aimed the shot towards Skull-Head. ''May I?'' I asked.
Trigger squeezed, a canister squealed like a firework, directly into his belly. Knife-Girl tried to dive away as they were engulfed in a giant fireball; a murderous track of napalm-flame drove a long, destructive track around their sides and behind into the crowd. People screamed and wailed as their flesh burnt and boiled in the sticky blaze.
Almost simultaneously, a smoke cloud erupted out of the crowd behind me; two harsh explosions flew up body parts and dirt. Kay's doing. Several more tins bounced amongst the Ravager fray and blurted out a thick, white cloud of smoke. Chaos unfolded. People ran in all directions, smacking into one another - falling, breaking each other's bones - crushing each other underfoot, as they tried to flee from death.
I snapped Hope's chains and flopped her over my shoulder. I couldn't leave the other three. I made the conflicted choice and shot each one, quickly in the head - please tell me I did the right thing?
The other giant, Cousin-Muscle, who'd made such a delightful speech only moments before, appeared out of the smoke, brandishing a cruel sledgehammer. He attempted to drop it on top of my head, but my feet were too quick. I dodged to the right and the hammer pulverised the wooden pole into splinters. I drew my gun hand and fired several rounds up across his muscular arm. He didn't hesitate and instantly dropped the sledgehammer - running off into another cloud of smoke. I walked away, weary of his return; anyone that accidentally came too near, I kicked away or whacked them with the butt of my pistol. There was no organisation here, everyone was out for their own survival.
I heard a snap and looked down to see that my foot had broken someone's wrist. The arm belonged to Knife-Girl; half-her body was cooked, she spat out blood from her nostrils - still clinging onto life. One of her unburnt eyelids opened and a terrified eye focused on me in horror - bloodshot and bloody. She mouthed something at me, but all that came out from her lips was spittle and snot. I spat in her eye and paced off.
I found a stairwell that took me back up to the walkway, throwing a few clueless Ravagers off the edge, as I made my ascent. Reaching the top, I casually leapt over the battered fencing. A few Ravagers who were outside the front doors, trying to figure out what the hell was going on inside, saw me land on my feet.
''What the fuck's happening in there?!'' one of them yelled, ignoring my impossible jump.
I paid him no mind and began jogging off into the night.
''Oi!'' he shouted, and his friends offered me their curses.
I could feel something coming, so I bounced out of the way as a long javelin nearly impaled me to the ground. I picked up the ballistic and blindly hurtled it back towards the group. I hopped away into the night as a few screams of pain flew back into my ears. I had a quick glance back to see that the javelin had gone directly through two Ravagers; sticking them through their bellies - I'd turned them into a mutated-kebab with sentience - I cruelly laughed at what I saw and vanished into the shadows.
I came to the edge of the town's ruins and re-joined myself up with the lonely road. Bright-lights shone out in front, so I quickly raced to the verge and hid under some bushes, trying to be as careful as I could with Hope's fragile body. I laid her gently down onto the soft grass as a convoy of rusted bikes and cars drove past - reinforcements for the Ravagers, I assumed - brainless carrion, parasitic-bugs drawn to the fires I had birthed - I hoped they'd all burn in the flames I'd brought upon them tonight.
A few minutes after silence had covered itself back over us, I felt the presence of another vehicle making its way down the road; it quietly hummed in the darkness of the night, with its lights turned off. I knew somehow, this was a friend… and it was: The self-driving quad-bike, with Kay racing alongside, coming for us. The sight was so heart-warming, that if it wasn't for my emotional dampener, I'm certain I would have shed a tear or eight… but I would need to leave that for later.
''Matter. There's a blanket on the back,'' Kay woofed, as they came to a stop directly in front of us.
''Thank you.'' I took the blanket and hurried over to Hope, wrapping her delicate body within it. ''You are fucking amazing. I love you, Kay,'' I blurted.
''You're welcome, Matter. Now hold her safely, the bike will take you to them. Helps meeting us along the way.'' 
I sat back in my quad-bikes seat, so grateful for this protection. I held Hope in front of me, making sure not to squeeze too tight, or hold her too softly - I wasn't letting go of her again. I stroked her torn cheeks and laid a small kiss on the back of her head. The bike set off, circled around and sped away, leaving the nightmares of humanity in the hell they had created - the hell, every single Ravager deserved.
The night grew quiet, just rubber on tarmac. We turned a sharp corner and I looked over to my side; in the horizon, a small orange-glow dimmed - it wasn't a hallucination, we'd done that. The corner straightened back out and the present became the past. I focused on the road in front and Hope's croaking breaths - that's all the mattered to me. 


*


I was alone, waiting in my room. It was bright, airy, and I felt entirely safe here, inside; away and out of sight from the impurities of the world beyond, and likewise, they were out of my sights, too. I was like a child, in a protective mother's embrace. Let her worry about the problems outside, while I could recollect my thoughts in safety and naivety. Really, that wasn't my overarching ambition, but it was nice to be able to have, once in a while.
I got dressed and left. If I'd had any say, I would have been sleeping by Hope's side all day and night. But when it came to the question of sanitisation, I was told the honest truth, that by being a skin-shedding, bacteria-ridden entity - I was the absolute worst thing in the vicinity that could be near her - I understood.
Kay was right when she'd told me help was on its way. The others had found us on the road, halfway back to base; Security met us alongside the giant structure who had engulfed Marcus and his crew at the manor house. Once back, a team of assorted robotic-surgeons awaited us, and they rushed Hope into a specialised medical room - the one in question I wasn't allowed to be anywhere near. This - I've been led to believe - is the very same room where I was once miracled back to life in, after being butchered into a few dozen pieces. However, she was still in there being worked on. I would just have to wait and see if she still remembered me.
Out into the open-living quarters, the usual spectacle of robots in both humorous and terrifying forms hurried back and forth, busy in their constant tasks. Marcus was seated by a window, which looked through into a greenhouse; a bountiful array of fauna was spectacularly thriving, as little robots weeded, watered, and lovingly cared for their tended, indoor gardens.
I sat opposite Marcus, who hadn't even noticed I was there. He was truly fascinated by what he was witnessing in the greenhouse. You would have never considered he'd been pierced with a shotgun, only the day before.
''It's truly incredible,'' he remarked.
''Yeah, I guess it's alright,'' I laughed. ''How's things?''
''How's things?'' he said rhetorically. ''What a question? First: The place of my childhood has gone, and I can only assume with it many of my friends and family. Second: This place - I never knew just how far technology had come; this was on our radar, but only as a run-down, unnotable entry on a map.
''And Third: You, Matter. We were so certain you had died, but to see you again, and to be the very one who helped us, after what my family has put you through… I can't thank you and your friends enough.''
''It's nice to be on the winning side for once… if this is what winning tastes like.'' I offered him back, thinking intently about our past pseudo-victories.
''Excuse me, gentlemen,'' a narrow-legged robot, with four arms sticking out of a spherical body asked us.
We lifted up our feet as he swept underneath our seats with a broom. He had a feather duster in each of his other two hands, and spun them around like whisks - dusting the backs of our seats - and when he was done, he fluffed them over our faces.
''Hahaha!'' his voice boomed out. ''Cobwebs get everywhere, don't they?'' And he walked away to broom and dust the other furniture in the room.
Gem stumbled around the corner, she had a cheeky smile on her face, as she watched her brother unawares. The smile turned into slight shock, as the cleaning robot walked past and dusted her face, laughing while the dust disappeared in his tracks.
''Brother. Do my eyes deceive me?'' she giggled, open-mouthed. ''Left alone without Quen holding your hand?''
''Gem?'' His face lite-up, delighted at seeing his sister walking again. ''Please tell me you're alright?''
''He's always been such a worrier,'' she said to me. ''I'm fine. Sore. But I think I'll be able to play the flute soon enough. What about you, Earwig?'' 
''It's good to hear your old-self again. Same, bandaged and stiff. Didn't think we'd be seeing another tomorrow together, but here we all are, Fat-feet.'' Marcus patted the seat next to him.
''Fat-feet! You still remember the names we gave each other as kids, Earwig?'' Gem sat and gave her brother a delicate hug.
The little hug turned into a rather grand, emotional one. Marcus teared up; his sister didn't seem to be expecting that. She hugged him tighter, and the very sweet moment between them carried on in loving silence.
A rough tongue came out from under my seat and licked my hands, followed by a hairy muzzle that reached out to give my fingers a little nibble. A sharp whistle pierced my ears and two dogs sitting underneath, barged their way outwards between my legs, to stand loyally next to their master - Quen. He'd just arrived with Security by his side, and fed each of his dogs a meaty treat from his hands. He noticed that I was watching him - acknowledging me with a quick glance and a nod. Though Quen was more concerned with the nature of Marcus and Gem's embrace.
A clump of dog hair floated over into Marcus' nostrils; he sneezed himself out of Gem's arms, and flicked at his nose - he and his sister laughed together.
''Quen,'' Marcus said, realising his audience had grown. ''You found them?''
''Was easier than we originally thought.'' Quen tickled behind the ears of both dogs. ''Soppy things. Hiding out in the woods, petrified. Just as well, if they had any confidence, I'm certain the Ravagers would have got 'em.''
''Did you find anyone else?'' Marcus inquired.
Quen hesitated. ''Nothing. Best case is our guard scattered and regrouped at your family's other homesteads. Worse case… that's obvious.''
''If any of the guard make it to either mother or father, you know we won't get them back,'' Gem said, dabbing her eyes with a sleeve.
''I'm sure they know by now the manor house is lost.'' Marcus moved uncomfortably. ''I think we'd be better off with them actually thinking we'd died in the Ravager attack.''
Gem snorted. ''I would literally prefer to strip naked and offer myself willingly to a Ravager base, then go back to their smug 'disappointment.'''
''As much as it pains me to say this,'' Quen interjected. ''We lost. Licks our wounds another day. We need a plan. Each second we wait, the enemy recruit more disillusioned people and gain ground.''
''Is that you politely suggesting that we visit mum and dad, Quen?'' Marcus heaved a heavy breath.
''I'm with you wherever you go, you know that.'' Quen shifted his belt, becoming weary of showing any emotion in front of us strangers. ''The manor house is gone - we can only assume everyone else is dead. It's us three. Regroup and re-plan back with your parents. That's my two cents on the issue. I can't see any other way around it.''
''I wouldn't say it was just us three, Quen.'' Marcus gestured to me and Security. ''I think if anything, we have stronger allies than we ever thought possible. Beg my pardon to assume, Security.''
''I'd like to think so,'' Security said with a reassuring smile. ''However, please do not presume us invincible. We've only very recently come back into operation. It's a very delicate balance for everyone right now… though before we get into any more details about that kind of business… is anyone hungry?''
''Think I might vomit if I eat.'' Gem clasped a hand over her mouth.
''I wouldn't pass up an opportunity to eat,'' worried Quen. ''You never know wh-''
''I've never seen you like this before,'' interrupted Gem. ''We really must be in the shit if things have got you this spooked.''
''Because we've never been in a situation like this before,'' his voice grizzled.
''It's much more comfier where the food is,'' Security tempted. ''The living room quarters have only just been reopened. No need to worry about being force-fed. Eat if you want, if not, then relax in one of our many loungers,'' he added, sounding like a sales rep.
''It's alright. I could do with stretching my legs.'' Marcus got off his seat and followed Security's directions.
Once Gem and Quen had left to investigate the offerings of food and comfort, Security turned, very aware that I was still there.
''Matter. I hope we're feeling better today?'' Security said, genuinely concerned.
''You know what I'm going to ask you.'' 
''Of course. She's been through the worst. We're not rushing anything and it's going slow. Her mind's had a similar treatment to what yours went through. What say I take you to see her after you've replenished your energy levels?''
''Sounds a good plan.'' I leaned over and gave him an overdue hug, he was slightly surprised, but needed little encouragement to return the embrace.

This room was new to me. Yet, I'd never really had a tour of this place. I'd no idea if it was an underground bunker or… well, I didn't know much about any of its history - I was solely invested in Hope. Maybe now, I could get a chance at putting my self-absorbed needs to rest, and take the time to listen to some other people… or machines.
It was another grand room, but much more homely; soft carpeted throughout with many little nooks and crannies of interest to get yourself completely lost in. My eye was most intrigued in the area next to the glowing embers of an artificial fireplace; a couple of plush recliners just begged for me to sit on them, with a fully stocked bookcase waiting by - full of splendid delights.
A few more mechanical oddities were in here too, yet again busying themselves with multiple tasks. I chuckled away to myself as I saw a skinless-robot swinging away in a rocking chair, while two others stood around watching like they were taking notes - I'm sure they must like to relax just as much as any animal?
''Is Dance around?'' I questioned.
''Certainly. She's very busy as usual; downstairs fixing/building/leading. I'm not good with that stuff. Which is why before I found you, Matter, life here was very much non-existent.'' He stopped by a large table. ''Take a seat if you will.''
There was the gang. My gang? No clue. A collection of buffet items decorated the oak table; some of the consumables were still the plastic-sealed food, which I had consumed in what seemed like from another lifetime ago. Other bits looked freshly prepared; crusty rolls, pastries, pickled onions, quiches and cakes - it smelt delicious.
Despite this particular room and situation feeling unnervingly similar to that one Hope and I faced with Valerie, I was unbelievably hungry. I took a seat, grabbed myself a couple of rolls, tore them in half and began buttering - eagerly wondering what next to put on my plate.
Security placed a tumbler of water by my side.
''I'm so sorry, Matter,'' Security said, sitting opposite me.
''What's wrong?'' I wondered, with my buttered roll hovering before my open mouth.
''You can't eat that,'' he said with a look of guilt. ''Sorry, I didn't realise you were going to attack the table so quickly.''
With the look of a child who'd just dropped their ice cream, I put my buttered roll back on my plate - all be it, very delicately and respectively, mind you.
''Do you mean, these batch of rolls have been very poorly prepared, and you must go and complain to the chef this instant, and demand that he bakes us an adequate bunch, immediately?'' I tried to kid myself.
''We've never had the real chance to talk about how much has changed to your anatomy, Matter.''
It suddenly felt like the rest of the table were all leaning in.
''I feel that talks about to begin?'' I grimaced.
''Matter. That day you brought Dance back to life was one of my happiest, but also one of my saddest. You were in such a mess. I didn't think you would make it; I didn't think it was possible that you'd survive any of it. But this is Dance we're talking about, Matter. The only reason we're rebuilding back up to what we once were.
''I killed you, yet she rebirthed you.''
''So, she's my mum… you're my dad? And what's this got to do with my buttered bread roll?'' I said poking the poor crusty thing.
''I digress, sorry, Matter. What this leads me to say, is that this body you live in is a machine. I know you know this. But to what degree is machine and to what degree is you? The original you?''
''I guess not a lot,'' I assumed.
''Your brain is the only original part - intertwined and encased in a metal processor. The rest was desecrated. Dance did her science-magic on you and brought you back to this: A pretty perfect replica - with some upgrades that might come across to you as downgrades.''
''Like the tuning of my emotions?'' I naively said, purposefully. ''I think I got the hang of that now; killing anxiety and stress off in a seconds thought is, I have to say - fucking beautiful.''
Security and I laughed a little. While the other three looked as though their faces had been screwed on sideways - the confused looks they were giving each other - I was probably doing the exact same when I first came here.
''Beautiful, you certainly are, Matter. However, apart from your brain, you don't have any organs. Your skin looks convincing enough, but it's not real, it doesn't require feeding in the same way. You run the same as me - powered by a nuclear battery - it doesn't require replacing too often. And your brain is fed on a special nutrient paste, which doesn't require topping up for months.
''You simulate breathing, you can even feel your pulse beating, but you won't die if any of them stop. You're more us than you ever were human, and I'm so sorry you were never given the choice to choose it.'' Security held his hand on my arm… at least it wasn't the shoulder this time.
''Informative… scary… quite riveting at points,'' I agreed. ''But what does this mean about my buttered bread roll?'' I asked.
''I admire your outlook, I really do,'' Security said sincerely. ''If you eat that roll, you'll taste it, but it won't go anywhere. Sadly, it will just rot inside a little compartment around here.'' He prodded just below my throat. ''Honestly, I'm not quite sure why you are craving food. I'll let Dance know.''
''It's OK, I can turn it off,'' I said in envy of that teasing buttered bread roll; its soft white innards enticing me over, as its melting butter enchanted me with its tantalising, glossy figure - mocking me it was, and I wanted it so bad - but this roll was strictly the look but no touchy kind.
''Fuck this! I'm gonna eat,'' Gem said aghast. Digging her hands into the food.
''And the water?'' I asked Security.
''Helps keep the brain hydrated, tops up the water tank built inside. Keeps things moist. Also, can be used to simulate sweating, saliva, and tears - if you require?'' 
''Thanks.'' I moved the plate away from my sight. Trying to put a haze over the things Security had just told me. I realised I could probably delete memories willingly, but I hadn't this far - not a single one; even those of my past wife and child. I didn't want to forget them. Ever. In this body, I could come to terms with what happened to them… didn't stop it from hurting, however. But I needed that to keep me strong. I missed them all, so much. 
''As I'm eating your food. I think I got to owe you an apology,'' Gem said.
''Why is that?'' Security asked.
''Don't you remember? I lead a pack of Ravagers here a while back. They were giving me chase, so I ran across your land unknowingly, and they were more interested in what you were doing outside than me.'' She crunched away on some celery.
''I haven't forgotten. That little incident caused the near annihilation of this facility. Dance was kidnapped, and every last human and robot friend of mine was either terminated or stolen.''
Gem's face blushed a bright red.
''I know it wasn't your fault. It was bad fortune. You weren't the Ravagers. You were trying to survive. Don't even think about apologising. There is nothing to be sorry for.'' Security looked down and dusted a small part of the table with a finger.
''May I ask if you managed to find out about anyone who was kidnapped?'' Marcus asked.
''I don't know, is a simple answer. It was many years ago now. I was badly damaged and spent months before I managed to even fix my broken legs. I just hope whatever happened, they found peace swiftly.'' He observed the buffet. ''Please eat up. Don't be shy with your portions.''
''Sorry. That must have been tough. To have lost everything. To have been on your own for so long,'' I said.
''It was, Matter. But I never thought we'd be back up and running - building things again - continuing the legacy of the scientists that created us. That is what's most important now.'' I saw sadness in his eyes and I felt every bit of it. 
When I first met him, he was a piece of rubber-skin, covering a metal humanoid. Now he seemed more human than me… actually, he seemed the most human, human I'd ever thought to be human. Was there really a difference between humans and his kind, anyway? I thought not, for I couldn't see one. The only difference being that he belonged to a far kinder, loving, and caring race than I had ever been part of or really knew.
''There's something else I have to tell everyone here. But I think it would be best if Dance was around to hear it,'' I said - serious mode initiated.
A soft hand rested against the back of my neck, putting me at ease. It was Dance. How did she know? She took a seat next to Security, and smiled towards the others - I assumed they had been introduced previously. 
''It's good to see everyone so healthy and enjoying what we currently have to offer you as food.'' She looked over at me and paid every bit of attention she had on me. ''Tell me, Matter. What causes you concern?'' Her voice was so gentle and soothing, I could have easily drifted off and slept forever.
''I'm not sure if you saw, with the drones up in the air, when I went to find Hope. But I saw a machine. Not like you. It was maddening - stuttering all over the place. Yet, it talked on its own. From what I could follow, it didn't seem to like us. Do you know of this robot? Have you ever heard of it?'' I wondered intently; so intrigued to discover what type of reaction I'd get from them.
''You're certain it was a robot? Not some kind of Ravager - I know they like to dress up in the most peculiar fashion,'' asked Security.
''I wish. But no. He was all metal - had a bare chassis-body - and a mad as hell face. He used vicious, claw-like-fingers on the end of his arms to rip a Ravager or two apart, and don't mishear me, he was still very much on their side - in my mind, I called him Claw… otherwise, I lose track of all these weirdos.'' I tried and failed at a joke.
''What do you think, Dance?'' Security asked her; it was strange now everyone decided it was canon to use these names, but I felt proud.
''Unfortunately, we didn't get much drone footage that night,'' Dance said. ''Certainly, nothing that you're mentioning. Neither did Kay. I doubt if any of our fellow scientists were caught, they could actually recreate us, especially in the Ravagers' filthy hovels.
''There's only one individual I could think of, who might fit that description: My prototype, who I was originally based off. There's nothing wrong with him, but as he was regarded inferior to myself, they took him away to storage.'' Dance tapped her slender fingers over the table.
''Sorry?!'' Gem added. ''Nothing wrong with him? You have one of your lot in bed with the enemy?''
''Zero… or Claw, as you call him. Was designed to learn for himself; rights and wrongs - based on the environment he was placed in. He was a very useful tool in developing AI, but once he had defined his personality, he couldn't adapt and develop beyond what he had initially learnt for himself. Unless his mind was reset and placed back into a different environmental stimulus.''
''And what? He's been introduced into a Ravagers' environment… so… what's he learnt?'' Gem remarked sarcastically.
''Put it this way.'' Dance placed her fingers together. ''If you put Claw into a group of charity workers, he would become the most endearing, caring, and gentle individual imaginable. Now place him into a group of Ravagers - he becomes one of them; the most volatile, repulsive, and barbaric individual to our species.''
''So, a little bit of a problem there?'' Gem's eyes glazed over. ''You said he can't develop further. Does that mean he can't do pretty much the exact same things you're doing in here?''
''His problem is that once his personality has been set, he can't change it - or even be aware of what he has become and change it for the better. So far, he's stuck in a mindset of a Ravager. Unfortunately, and I'm sorry to say this, but he has many of my capabilities. 
''You say, Matter, he had claws on the end of his arms? Well, he wasn't created with murderous hands. He's modified himself, clearly.''
''Is there any way we could reset him, somehow?'' Marcus suggested. ''Put him in some kind of hibernation mode?''
''I understand what you mean. There was a refresh module built inside him, which could be activated.''
''Damn, I fucking hope you've done that!'' Gem shouted.
The table fell silent. I think that was the first time I'd ever seen Security look at someone as if they were a Ravager - when obviously they weren't.
''Gem,'' I spoke up. ''I'd really appreciate it if you talked to my friends, as friends.''
How the tides can turn so quickly, and so predictably. Gem's cheeks began to boil red. Quen's hands disappeared, predictably to grab his weapon. And Marcus resorted back to pacification mode, to quell the tempers of his hot-headed companions.
''Thank you, Matter. However. Gem, you have nothing to be ashamed for,'' Dance's patient voice eased. ''He's removed it. I know because I removed mine. One of the first things I did when I was back up and running.''
''This is what worries me,'' said Gem - face returning to normal. ''He's identical to you. Does that mean if we were to reset you and give you to the Ravagers, you'd suddenly be fighting for the other side?'' 
''He's similar to me, yes. But identical?'' Dance tittered. ''I consider him to be as much a clone to myself, as you'd expect a bacterium to be similar to yourself… in DNA anyway.
''In your words, if you were to 'reset' me and gift me to the Ravagers - I wouldn't become a mimic of them. I would soon learn swiftly how far they'd fallen from the realm of sanity, and act accordingly. Whether you believe me or not, is a question only you can answer. 
''All I can say, to give you some sort of comfort, is that we will always have the upper hand when it comes to those who threaten us. And when the time comes to confront Claw, you can see fit how you want to deal with him. I'll do my best to persuade you otherwise, but if possible, I would prefer to have a chance at repairing his misgivings, and return him back to a functional, respectable state.''
''I'm grateful, really, for all you've done so far to help me and my brother. I just like to know all my options… I'm like that.'' Gem tore into the last remaining roll.
There was still an ample selection of food to be had from the buffet. Gem was consuming the majority, while Marcus had mostly kept to water and a few chopped pieces of fruit. Quen, on the other hand, had refrained himself from taking anything.
''Not hungry?'' Gem elbowed her brother.
''Not really, too much to think about,'' said Marcus, giving the pile of food a wary glance.
''There's always something to think about. With that attitude, you'll never eat.'' She noticed Quen hadn't touched a thing, either. ''What's wrong? Too good for you?'' she asked him abruptly.
He rolled his eyes. ''I'll eat when we get to your parents.'' He directed his attention to Marcus. ''That still is the plan, correct?''
''We'll come to that later,'' Marcus said, shifting around uncomfortably.
''Jesus, Marcus. Do I have to control your babysitter?'' sneered his sister.
''I'm no one's babysitter. I have a responsibility to keep Marcus safe, and that includes you too, Gem,'' Quen said sternly, as his muscles began to harden.
''It's fine. We'll go… we will go. I just need to figure something out from you first, if you don't mind, Matter?'' Marcus asked.
''Go for it,'' I said.
''If you remember, when we last met - we had a man on the inside, who'd managed to intercept up the Ravager ranks quite highly. Strangely enough, he was part of the Ravager lot who attacked us, and from where you rescued Hope.
''I'm curious as to why, with his influence, we would have been attacked; unless he was found out, or died - it's very tricky to get into contact with him. So, I guess, what I'm asking, is if there's anything you can tell us about what you saw, which could possibly help us out?''
''I honestly lost all attention I had towards anyone when I watched them march out five naked people; five naked people who had been tortured and mangled beyond recognition… and Hope was one of them. I only recognised her when I saw her missing breast - the one that your brother removed from her.''
''No one here has any misgivings when it comes to Valerie's death, trust us, Matter,'' Gem butted in. ''I'm sorry with what happened to your girlfriend, but Valerie was a psycho all his life. I'll give you one-simple guess as to why I don't have a little finger.'' She wiggled her left-hand's pinky.
''Strange that I see a finger, however,'' I said, noticing no finger was missing.
''The fuck?!'' Gem screamed, jumping to her feet.
''Please forgive us,'' Dance said. ''While you were under surgery, we replaced your missing digits and toes.''
Gem was dumbstruck. ''And my tootsies?'' She took her shoes and socks off in a flash and threw them over her head.
She stood there like a flamingo; balancing on one foot with the other in her hands. Gem wiggled her fingers between the toes, even pulling at them - just to be certain they were the real deal. Eventually, gravity took control and she fell on her butt - all the while completely oblivious.
''Sorry, Matter. Please, what else did you see?'' Marcus continued, completely ignoring his sister.
''What can I tell you?'' I asked myself. ''I killed one of their gigantic strongmen, and blasted one-single barrel of napalm directly into the belly of their leader… I assumed he was their leader… he had a stick.''
''Toes!'' Gem said like a babbling babe. Sticking her foot up onto her brother's lap.
''Yes, Gem. Lovely toes.'' He clasped his hands around his sister's foot. ''Tell me? Anything distinguishing about him?'' he continued.
''Apart from the fact he's fertilising the ground as roasted kibble, nothing really. Um… I called him Skull-Head in my brains, because his eyes and cheeks were so sunken in.'' I puckered in my face to try and imitate it somehow.
Marcus was also copying me, strangely enough.
''Bugger,'' Marcus politely expelled from his breath.
Quen let out a couple of deep laughs - which I doubt were genuine.
''Matter,'' Marcus said, looking now as pale as Skull-Head. ''That was our guy.''
''Who cares?'' Gem lifted herself back up into her seat. ''The plan was fucked from the start. He obviously turned Ravager and ordered the attack, so no one would figure out his origin story.'' She found her drink and downed it - it was lemonade.
''I'm not sure what to say, Marcus. But he happily sat by and watched, as Hope's group was humiliated and tortured in front of a crowd - I don't remember seeing him express one bit of pity or remorse when a Ravager macheted one of them down the shoulder.''
''We all thought the task he was given was impossible, but he went nevertheless, he was brave.'' Marcus noticed my reaction. ''Back then… he was brave to hide in enemy territory and not think twice about the brutal cost if he was to be found out.''
''Yeah, but he wasn't the only one to go,'' Gem added.
''Four in total, went to that particular encampment: Greg - your 'Skull-Head' as you described. And the other lad was Adam; blonde ponytail, bushy beard…'' Marcus studied my face, intent on the slightest muscle twitch.
''I don't recall anyone like that, sorry.''
''What about April? Half her head was shaved - medium brown hair - powerful biceps on each arm,'' Marcus continued.
''Nothing familiar,'' was all I could say.
''It's been so long since we last saw them, I'd be surprised if they had the same genitals they left with, let alone the same haircut,'' Gem spurted, quaffing down another drink - it was still lemonade.
''Last is Pip; long, sleek black hair - short but fierce - obsessed with carrying a dagger by her hip…'' He noticed the strange face I was making. ''Familiar?''
''What name did you have for this one?'' Gem intruded. ''Blade-Lady? Fanny-Fairy? Sorry-I-blew-your-brains-out-Girl?'' she tittered to herself.
''Knife-Girl, actually,'' I replied.
''I… I'm not sure if you're being facetious or not?'' Marcus said in distress.
''I'm not. She was sitting directly to the side of Skull… Greg. But I'll tell you, whatever the dog gave me, was mighty powerful after it sent a shockwave of flame through Sku… Greg and his Ravagers.''
''The dog? He's taking the piss, Marcus!'' Quen finally broke his silence to inform his… boss/nephew/baby he was sitting? I don't really know?
''Yes, Quen, the dog - who I named the lovely title of Kay. A robot dog - used to be real - but got turned robotic… look around, is that really too bizarre to fathom?'' I told him, slightly irritated due to the interruption.
A mound of pastry flakes burst out from Gem's mouth, as she laughed away. Quen slammed the table as he stormed off, until about two seconds in, he realised he should actually be listening. So, he casually stopped and rested his elbow on a nearby counter; listening in, all the while trying to look nonchalant. The desired effect only added to Gem spurting out her lemonade like a sprinkler, all over her brother, as she watched the whole thing in a spasm of giggles.
''Matter?'' Marcus reaffirmed himself while wiping lemonade droplets off his arm.
''I recall her acting a bit batty, but nothing new in that aspect I suppose. This is a tad disturbing, yet I do remember - by accident - snapping her wrist with my foot. Half of her body was boiled, and in her dying breath she could only spit out blood over my boots… but then again, maybe we're both confusing them for… Greg and Pip?'' I told him in half-sorrow, disappointed with myself.
''Another plan and people lost.'' Marcus crossed his arms and looked intently down to the ground.
''Fuck 'em, Marcus,'' Gem said unfazed. ''Seriously. We don't need 'em.''
''Back to mum and dad then?'' Marcus replied defeatedly, looking lost. ''Why do I feel twelve again?''
''Don't big yourself up so much, little bro,'' teased Gem. ''You're barely five.''
''Wish I shared your optimism, Gem.''
''It's either that or we all wallow together, and I can't fuckin' stand wallowing. Even if it is all just a pretence. But don't worry, Earwig. You sob and I'll always be there at every corner to pee you off.'' She threw a cream puff at his head, which got stuck in his hair.
Marcus took the puff out of his curls and ate half of it. He turned to face his sister and threw the rest at her. They smiled. She reached out for another cream puff and chucked it over Marcus' head - it ended up splatting over Security's cheek.
''My bad, Security,'' said Gem.
''Don't worry about it,'' replied Security, plucking the puff off his face and observing it. ''I wouldn't mind being able to have a nibble of something like this, one day. But that prospect seems pointless… nutritional-wise anyway.'' He threw the puff back at Gem, hitting her directly in the pupil.
''Fuck a duck!'' Gem laughed, stunned. The pastry part landed on her torn jeans, leaving her eyeball battered in cream. 
The table burst out in a fit of laughter - apart from Quen, naturally - who was still resting on his elbow, entirely unamused with the whole scenario. The more I listened to Gem's antics, the more I was reminded of Hope - it was like listening to her twin. I needed to see how she was coming along - this feast had turned away from being one of nourishment, clearly.
Security noticed my needy eyes. ''You want to see her?''
I didn't need to respond to that query. 
''Before you go. I wondered if you'd like to accompany us when we set off?'' Marcus asked Security and Dance. ''If we could unite together… I believe for the first time ever - a reality of peace is achievable.''
Quen's ears picked up on that. Finally, something worthy enough for him to listen in on.
''I don't want to interrupt, or sound rude for that matter.'' I butted in. ''But you should be aware that Marcus and Gem's family have mixed dealings with the Ravagers.'' I felt the need to alert Dance and Security… if they hadn't already plucked that information out of my memories previously.
''It's a mess,'' Marcus acknowledged. ''To survive, my family made pacts and treaties with them. It's really not pretty.''
''Especially when you come to find out your uncle is the boss of a human abattoir?'' I included.
''Did I mention we don't speak?'' Marcus was quick to add. ''It's an intertwined fuckary, that we might just be able to unweave if we all work together.''
''It's certainly true that allies are hard to find these days,'' Dance agreed. ''From what we have seen from you, we understand is genuine. Your family? Is another problem. Not to be defeatist, I would like to parley, to see how we could possibly work together - there is no opposition from me if Security and Matter would be willing to go with you, and act on my behalf for a future together.''
''That is the best news you could have given me. Thank you. Sincerely, Dance.'' Marcus looked as if he were about to weep.
''Would you, Matter?'' Dance asked me.
''I'm not sure,'' I said, concerned. ''I mean, am I someone who your parents really want to see?'' I asked Marcus.
''You're not just someone who they need to see, Matter,'' Marcus told me, deadly serious. ''You're precisely that someone they have to see.'' 
''In that case, then, let me check on Hope and I'm all yours,'' I asked everyone.
''Perfect,'' Dance smiled.
''Happy now, Quen?'' teased Gem.
''Always,'' he replied, while what almost appeared to be a grin formed.

Quen attended Marcus and his sister, as they got themselves organised with assistance from a few jolly robot companions; preparing for our journey south to converse with their families - a grand old mission out, to inform them all of our good news about destruction and death.
I stood next to Security, once again facing off with that locked door - the one I didn't tell you about - which locked me outside, away from Hope. But after a proper scrub and a dowsing inside a sterilisation cloud - I felt ready.
The sliding door opened upwards and Security guided me through.
''You'll know where to go, I'll meet you in the garage when you're ready, Matter.'' The door closed back over and he was gone. I missed him already.
A small corridor laid out in front of me, with three spaced out doors to the right. To the left, a giant, pristine window covered the entirety of the wall; inside, a complex operating theatre where silent machines rested, clinically waiting for their next patient… ideally, they would never come. I imagined - if it was to be believed I'd been brought to that very same operating table - what it must have looked like for an out-looker standing right here: My bloodied torso, flopping out, like a piece of butchered meat; mechanical arms, tightening around my skull, while a separate arm sliced the top off - like a knife to butter. Head unscrewed and my brains squeezed out, to finally be inserted into a ready-to-go replica of myself… or however they went about it.
It sickened me to the very core of my cold machinery, which was now more a part of me than any flesh would ever be. Those stationary hands and drills in the room; all that metal and components - they were me. No longer just some kind of inanimate material - that was my very soul and essence - it sounded the utmost perverse to say, but to me, they had become my family.
Diverting my attention away from all that, I directed myself to the right. The first door I came across had a small, rectangular window. I took a peep through and it was just a room with a made-bed. Empty. So, on towards the second door. Again, I peered through a similar window, and the room was laid out identically. However, in this one, a bare robot with its naked exoskeleton on show was trying to pull down a fleshy t-shirt over its head, with the assistance from a skinned robot and a skinless one.
The robot pulled the fleshy shirt down to her waist. Some severe adjustments were in order; the belly button was by the right hip, the head was twisted, and the breasts were very lopsided. Then I realised what a pervert I must have looked like. The robot with twisted skin saw me. She smiled and waved; her mangled face imprinted its horror, deep within me - not even this body I lived in would be able to delete that memory. I bashfully waved back, and in haste withdrew myself from the window and its half-naked resident.
I arrived at the third and final door, making sure to prepare myself for the next, possible abomination lurking behind the window. Though I had no words for what I saw… even though I'm still writing in words to explain… odd?
There was a bump in the duvet. Someone laid in slumber on their side. Who was inside? Well, the curly ginger hair, protruding out over the pillow and down the side of the bed, gave that somewhat away. I tried to find a button of some sort to get in, but there were no buttons or handles to be found. Instead, I tapped and traced around the door like a blind man. I heard a click and the door silently rose upwards. Tip-toeing inside, I walked around to the bundle of hair. I could just make out the sounds of soft and delicate breathing. I waited, wondering 'what now?' Before the sensations of being a right perv really settled in, the body under the covers turned around, and a face appeared.
There she was - Hope. I couldn't forget that face; so peaceful and innocent. Eyelids and nose restored. Cheeks full of blood. No harm. If only it could always be this simple, why bother waking up at all?
Her eyelids opened wide. Each eye's iris worked away like a little robot coming online, readjusting its pupil in response to the light. The eyes darted around their sockets, trying to make sense and reason. They stopped when they found me, and waited, intricately observing me. I hoped and prayed in my mind that they remembered what they were looking at.
''God, you're fucking ugly,'' the mouth belonging to those eyes said.
I'll take that as a yes, then.
I couldn't speak. Certain joyous joy inside me had taken over, dried up my mouth, caused those things to happen when you feel stuff… you know? Yeah, I could have tuned them out with my emotional controls, but I only wanted to mess around with that stuff when I absolutely had to - like when killing Ravagers… or seeing naked robots.
''Don't tell me you're gonna tear up on me, Matter?'' Hope grinned.
I still couldn't find my words. I pointed to a glass of water by her bedside.
''Yes, you can have a sip,'' she laughed.
I drank half the glass and choked, as it went straight down my windpipe. Hope decided to sit up, while I amused her with my coughing fit. I placed the glass back down and tried my best to start up that thing you use when you talk to people… you know? In your throat?
''I'm just so… so…'' Jesus! No, Jesus wasn't there. But now my eyes had decided to embarrass me by leaking… it's rather strange, this salty water simply vacates itself out from your tear ducts… even against your best intentions… it's just a real waste of salt and water.
I held my palm to my jaw and pointed with my other hand to the side of Hope's bed.
''You take a seat now,'' Hope said, her face well amused by my prat act.
I sat on the bed and just stared at her, keeping my hands clenched over my face. I don't want to even imagine how red and soppy I must have seemed.
''Matter?'' Hope moved closer. 
I nodded my head, like a little toddler.
''Do you need one of these?'' She opened her arms out and I embraced the hug. ''There, there, little man,'' she said - I can only assume sarcastically.
After a long, loving hug, I pulled myself out and gave my face a couple of slaps. I admit, I was tempted to use the emotional dampener by this point, but NO! I refused!
''There. I think I'm all good. Hello,'' my voice croaked out.
''Tissue?'' Hope offered me her bandaged wrist.
''Why not?'' I held her wrist and dampened my eyes on it. ''That's very much appreciated, Hope. How… how are you?''
She burst out with a roar of laughter. I waited, feeling really proud in myself…
''Oh dear. Well, I think I'm actually 5000% splendid now,'' she said as her diaphragm spasmed in delight. ''Please tell me? I can't figure it out. Was that rehearsed beforehand? Because it was wonderful,'' she giggled.
''Charming. And to think I actually missed you,'' I replied, sounding like a teenager mincing through puberty.
''Ow! Oh ow!'' Hope grabbed onto her sides.
''Oh God! Are you alright?'' I squealed.
''Not with you here,'' she howled out in laughter. ''Was this your plan to finish me off for good? Because it's flippin' working alright,'' she carried on laughing away.
The hysteria continued on… for… some more seconds… perhaps, some would say… a few more minutes? However, to try and shelter my ego and not completely kick the remaining few parts of my dignity entirely out the door. I have chosen to keep the official length of time as a mystery… a big, dirty secret for me to keep - aren't I lucky?
''I had no idea if I'd see you again,'' I started, as Hope began to settle. ''At that Ravager base. You were such a mess - they took your eyelids! I'm sorry I wasn't there for you.'' I stopped before another bout of wet mishaps happened to me again.
''Yeah, it's nice to have the old blinkers back.'' She flapped her eyelids about. ''How in God does that work? Where am I? Why am I? Why aren't you dead? What's for breakfast? How's my nose back? Is this too many questions for you…? Did you know I got my nip back?'' She went to show me.
''Easy!'' I shouted, putting my hand out to block the view.
She burst out a laugh again. ''Of course, you're a prude, puts things into perspective now. Really, how the hell have you made it this far?''
''Blind, bloody luck, methinks.'' I bent my neck until it clicked. ''Do you actually know where you are? Has anyone spoken to you?''
''No. I've been locked in this room for days on end. Waiting for a big, strong man to come rescue little old, feeble me. Is that man you, by any chance, milord?'' she said in a silly, patronising tone. ''Of course, I've fucking been told, you old nob-'ead! You think they'd leave it up to you?''
''Noted,'' I said with a slight grin.
She punched my arm. ''Come on! Geez, a prude and super sensitive. It's really good to see you, though. You want me to ease up?''
''No, no. I love seeing you like this. I honestly thought I'd never see you like this again. You were so… so broken when I saw you last.'' 
''Yeah, you already said that. But wonders with what they can do in this place? I mean, I can't control my emotions and super jump, and weird stuff like that. But I'm very pleased to be here, and with you.'' Hope made a cheeky grin.
''So, they told you about me then?'' I said concerned.
''You could say so. But from what I hear you had it worse than me. Your whole body chopped to pieces - grim. Yet, look at us now - we've somehow survived it all?''
 ''Thus far…'' I screwed my face up in thought. ''What about you though? What happened after I left you in the summer house?''
''Hmmm.'' She sighed a breath of air up into her fringe. 
A loose couple of strands wafted in the air and fell into my mouth. I blew them out like a cat with a furball, flapping my tongue about for a good few seconds. Hope just stared at me with a raised eyebrow.
''Anyway,'' she continued. ''Got attacked, didn't we? Got woken up by Marcus and Quen in the early hours, to find the manor house ablaze. A lot of their soldiers were already dead. They thought the summer house might get overlooked - but that wasn't the case, was it?
''What else? Um… Ravagers made it up to the bedroom I was sleeping in. Quen and Gem fought them off. But at the same time, the downstairs was getting set alight to. Had to jump out the window. Well, I would have, that's when I got caught.''
''The others all jumped out and left you?'' I asked, feeling angry.
''I'm getting to that, Matter,'' she scowled. ''After some pushing and shoving, the Ravagers got hold of me and did a classic knife under the neck - hostage thingy. Gem and the others were further back in the room by the window, at this point. One of the crazies asked them to drop their weapons - blah, blah, you know the spiel.
''The three of them were all making clueless faces. Marcus was closest to the window and actually dropped his weapon. But as soon as Quen heard it drop he literally shoved Marcus backwards through the upstairs window, and grabbed Gem by the waist and chucked her out too. You can guess what he did next?''
''Got his cock out and started jiggling it about?'' I said, for some unknown reason.
''Yeah! How the fuck you know that?'' she said in astonishment.
''No reason. I'm trying to channel you,'' I joked as she gave my nose a little flick.
''Anyway. I was dragged off by some arse using only my hair. And taken to you know where. Where… lots of shit happened.'' Her eyes drifted downwards.
''Hope.'' I reached out for her hand. ''I know sorry is such a dumb word to use, but I'm so sorry.''
''Matter.'' She held my hand and looked at me. ''It's alright - and nice fingers by the way - your robot… well, I guess our robot-pals gave me some happy pills to ease that fuckatty up in my thoughts. What they did… honestly, makes everything that happened before… even with my husband… seem like a gentle day out on the beach. It certainly made Valerie's dinner-party seem like we all had a jolly, good-old time.'' Her eyes lowered.
I placed a hand on her cheek. ''We'll get through it… somehow… take it in turns to talk about everything. The before. The after. The everything.'' We sat staring at one another, hands held tight - I wasn't sure what was about to happen next.
''How you coping without a willy?'' Hope said earnestly.
''What?'' I said like a teenager again.
''Oh, crap. Now I remember what Security told me to keep a secret. Sorry. But, really… what's it like?''
''I have a bloody… you know what, alright?'' I managed to squirm out.
''Prove it! Show me!'' she demanded, trying to grab at my trousers.
I fell back on the bed, defending my honour, while Hope attacked me.
''Madame, I do protest!'' I laughed, managing to fend her off and pushing Hope back onto her pillow.
''Hey! I showed you my nip,'' Hope said, and her hands came back out at me again.
We wrestled for a bit - it was more like a tickling match than a lover's affair - Hope was on top of me and blowing hot air into my eyes while whacking her hair onto my head - it hurt. She made a disgusting noise, as though she was about to spit a load of phlegm onto my head. I wasn't about to put up with this! I bear-hugged her and lifted myself up, staring Hope directly in the face.
''Yeah? And what you gonna do about it?'' she teased.
I leant my head forward and nibbled her bottom lip. Next thing I knew she'd thumped me right in the balls.
I fell backwards and off the bed, onto the floor.
''Ah… I guess you do have one then?'' she said irritated - or happily - I couldn't tell.
I got up in agony, crouching over my knees.
''Strange, with all that tech inside you and you still feel pain?'' Hope questioned. Twisting her head, like an intrigued songbird.
''I… can feel a lot of things.'' I gasped. ''But I can also turn them off.'' I pressed a switch in my mind and the pain flew away.
''Ah, you really are more robot than man… had one of those before, didn't do much for me,'' she said unimpressed, resting on her knees.
''What?'' I wondered, slowly edging myself closer to her.
''Erm, you can stop right there, mate!'' she scolded, right palm raised up. ''I think I understand you much more clearly now.'' She eyed me up.
''Yeah?'' I was captivated.
''A pervert,'' she said straight-faced.
''You're joking?!'' I was stunned, fear began to creep inside me.
''After all this time and energy spent with me, and the risks involved in rescuing me… just for this?''
''I… that's not true,'' my words stumbled out. ''I care for you. I thought you were dead. We've both been through fucked up stuff together… it means, means something more than just that!''
''You just kissed me? That's firstly sexual assault, and fucks up all the supposed friendship you thought we ever had… sure, we've been through a lot together… but does that give you the right for some kind of pity-fuck?'' Hope was furious, her fists planted against her hips.
''I… I…'' What was I to say?
''I… I…'' she mocked. ''I was also talking about some really messed up crap beforehand; being raped and tortured by those cunting Ravagers, and that puts you in heat?! Is that your fetish?! Torture-porn really gets you off does it, Matter? Come to think of it, I'd say you're way more fucked up than they are.
''There's the door - fuck off out of it!'' She pointed the way.
Now I wanted to die. What the hell had I done? Two minutes ago, everything was freakin' fantastic… now, however? What the fuck had I done?! Ravager come take me away - chop my head off and stuff me full of cotton wool - sew me back up and I'll be your fuckin' statue for eternity.
I turned to face the exit, more ashamed than I'd ever felt in my life. When a pillow slammed the back of my skull and I headbutted the door. With an ache in my brains, I turned around to see Hope in hysterics. She saw me looking so very scorned, and made a guilty face, hiding herself under the covers.
''Good, aren't I?'' her bloody - bleedin' - face mocked.
''You're messing with me?!'' I squeaked.
She hesitated and nodded her head like a kid. ''Maybe?'' giggling.
''You… you… bi-bit-bitc… bit of beeswax!'' I smacked my hands onto my cheeks.
''I can't help myself, methinks,'' Hope mocked me from earlier. ''It's strangely satisfying watching you squeal… soz.'' She laid back against the bed.
''I think for my own sanity, I'm just gonna stay by the door.'' I pressed a palm against it.
''You do that,'' she advised, whilst making a silly face. ''I think I'm cured. Thanks, Matter. I can go flush my pills down the loo now.''
''What do you think about that kiss, then?'' I tweaked my mind-controls, to give me the confidence to say that - only just a tiny bit.
''Is that what you call it now?'' She smirked. ''Bit presumptuous of you to do it, I'd say… naughty.''
''Well, I mean… you did try to grab me… um… down there,'' I managed to breathe out.
''Hey now! I was going for your trousers! And what, so now any man, woman, or beast who tries to grab your cock, you think has the hots for you? You need to get out of that ego of yours, maty!'' she laughed.
''I really envisioned this meeting going so much differently in my head beforehand,'' I replied.
''Oh yeah? How so?'' she pouted.
''No clue, honestly. But, I'm just thankful that you're alright. I missed you, Hope. Finally, we have an actual home at last. Safety and friends. It's a start of something.''
''It is.'' She winked. ''And really, Matter. Thank you for coming and getting me. I'll make sure I do the same for you one day.''
''You already did.''
''Awh… isn't that sweet,'' she said hands to her heart… sarcastically or sincerely… I'll take the latter. ''So, we off somewhere?'' she added.
''How much do you know?'' I wondered.
''Try me?''
''Well… I'm going-we're going… me, Marcus and his lot, to his family, south. We might be able to figure out some kind of alliance, depending on what we find out.''
''Ah… you mean the family that helped bring into the world people like Valerie and those shady twats at the cannibal hut?''
''…yeah… that family.'' I really sold it well.
''I'm gonna love this. When we heading out, then?'' Hope got out of bed and began unknotting her hair in the mirror - she saw the distraught face I pulled in the reflection. ''What?''
''You want to come? I mean… are you ready - what you've been through?''
''What else am I gonna do?'' She turned around. ''Stay here and start an allotment? Begin a poet's society? Play frisbee? Take a bakery course?''
''Realistically, you could do all that,'' I tried to stop her before she carried on listing things.
''I'm coming. If you don't want me… just TELL me!'' She waited eagerly for my response.
''It would be my honour. I just don't want anything bad to happen to you.''
''And likewise, to you too. But you're still going, right…? So, so am I.'' She turned back around… and that was… well, that was that.

I genuinely thought that I would be leaving Hope in her bed - to stay and rest awhile - as we attempted to establish a form of diplomacy with Marcus' parents. Secretly, I couldn't have been more pleased. I spent so long thinking I would never see her again, and then what? I'd say hello, how'd you do - and be off again? This way I could be close and protect her… not that she needed me for any of that… but it meant everything to me.
Once out of the hospital ward, a robot who was twice the size of one of Skull-Head's… Greg's giants, lead us into another completely new area I'd never been. The garage, I presumed, as we walked through a metal door and came into a gigantic workshop; laid out, most vehicles were in the midst of being built by various robots - towards the back of the mechanic's haven I could just make out the head of the mechanical death-beast, which had come to our rescue both in the orchard and after I'd torched the Ravager base down with Kay.
At the front-end of the garage, things seemed a little more familiar; several motorbikes and quad-bikes were lined up, ready to depart through a wide, front entrance - its rattling, roller door was beginning to rise upwards. Marcus and his lot were speaking to Security - inspecting the bikes. They were too involved in their schemes and planning to realise we were coming up behind them. Hope immediately straddled herself onto one of the bikes and revved up the engine - creating a shock amongst the humans.
''You've got to be joking?'' Quen said through gritted teeth.
''It's alright, I saved you a spot.'' Hope patted the seat.
Quen stormed over to Marcus, who paid him no attention.
''Hope, you look healthy. I can't believe we're all together - intact,'' Marcus told her.
''And the same to you, too - especially after being thrown out that window.'' She looked at Quen. ''Don't worry though… I accept your apology.'' She made a sarcastic smirk.
''I never made one!'' Quen frowned. ''And I intend never to make one-''
Hope drowned out Quen's voice with a couple more revs from her bike.
''Hi, Gem,'' she said when the engine stopped.
''Hope,'' Gem grinned. ''Hope you're coming with us?''
''Where else would I be going?'' She matched Gem's grin.
''Marcus?'' Quen pleaded. ''This is absurd!''
''Relax. They're our friends.''
''But that one's going to get us killed! She's barmy and unpredictable.''
''She's coming, Quen. Find a way to accept it.'' Marcus got into the back seat of a four-by-four and slammed the door shut.
Silence greeted Quen. He shook his head and walked over to a spare dirt bike - he put his helmet on and sat patiently.
Hope had a big, childish look plastered all over her face.
''Behave.'' I pointed at her.
''Yes, dad,'' she giggled.
''And put your helmet on,'' I laughed back.
Security and Gem strolled up to us.
''I'm glad you're coming along. I feel quite bad for what happened with that window business in the summer house,'' Gem said.
''Well, it all got sorted out in the end. And from what I remember, Gem. You weren't the ones who willing jumped out,'' replied Hope.
''I'll have to try and make it up to you one day. Maybe we can get smashed on some of Marcus' cider if the orchard ever reopens?''
''That sounds fuckin' delightful, Gem!''
''I'll see you on the road.'' Gem made a little salute and sat herself on the bike in front.
''Gem!'' Quen opened up his visor and yelled. 
She sulked off the bike and walked past us, towards the four-by-four.
''Don't worry, guys,'' she poked out her tongue. ''I'm never normally this obedient.''
''Awh, she's cute,'' Hope commented.
''Hu?'' I questioned.
Hope laughed. ''What's wrong? Jeallllll-ous?''
''You twit,'' I swayed my head, amused.
''Marcus is cutest.''
''Piss off.''
''But Quen's a fuckin' beauty - fit as fuck, mate.''
''I love the way you talk,'' I jested.
''I know you do.''
Security looked back and forth between us - fascinated.
Kay appeared into the picture and became an interloper - jumping up to my chest and licking my face.
''Kay!'' I said in a manly squeal, as I tried to manage the pounding of dog feet into my belly and chest.
''Good to see you again, Matter!'' she barked. ''And you too, Hope.''
Hope's facial reaction was wonderfully humorous in regards to the talking pooch.
''It's not your ears, she did actually speak,'' I told Hope.
''Yeah. Yeah. No, no… Security told me about you two. Just seeing it for my own eyes, it's… unexpected.''
''Two absolutely loyal and adhering guardians,'' Security said.
''Two?'' Hope queried.
Kay's brother - who had also been turned cyborg - appeared behind Hope and stood up on his hind legs to greet her.
''Ah!'' she shrieked. ''Another one?''
''Greetings, Hope. I'm Kay's brother. I've been assigned as your companion, if you'll have me?'' said the dog.
''I see…'' Hope said bewildered. ''Sure, why not?''
''Splendid,'' the dog barked in agreement. ''My old master called me, Bon-Bon. Would you like to keep that, or choose something different to unify our collaboration?''
''Bon-Bon? Ergh… nasty childhood memories, those sweets… sorry… hmm…'' Hope stared up into the ceiling, stroking her chin. ''What about Bark?''
''Quite the imagination,'' I joked.
Hope carried on staring into the ceiling, only to acknowledge me with a loving middle finger.
''Nah, I think that's quite original.'' She rubbed her hands underneath Bark's ears.
Security held out his hand to Hope - laid inside his palm, a yellow-copper clip rested - it felt oddly familiar, I'd seen something similar like this beforehand.
''Hope, I'd like to offer you the opportunity to use this clever device, fresh off the press,'' offered Security.
''What's that?'' She hesitated, seeing my weary reaction towards the item. ''Something I need to be concerned about?''
Security spotted my uneasy demeanour.
''Matter's right to be insecure around this item. Trust me, it's a very different module to the one which Matter previously used when he helped me find Dance.''
''The mind control - slash - body control part of it, is just the beginning to where my insecurities start with that thing being used on Hope,'' I said cautiously.
''Security told me a little bit about that already. Not sure I want one myself?'' Hope reassured me.
''You're right to have your misgivings for this device, but I guarantee to you both that it doesn't possess the capabilities to let me control you. This is a similar module to the one that Matter has inside himself now… it allows you to control your emotions.
''Not that I'm telling you, you must use it. But it has many benefits. Mainly, a mental health aid, but also it is crucially beneficial should we ever find ourselves in a dire situation again. Using this, you can manage anxiety, increase confidence, and remove that cloud of primitive fear which can consume you. Anyway, that's my sales pitch on it. It's for you to decide.'' Security hovered the clip closer towards her.
''Thanks… I guess?'' Hope picked it up and fondled it around in her hands. ''Not sure I want to be more like Matter,'' she joked… well… I hope she did. ''How does it work?''
''Underneath the occipital bone, the back of your skull, it will latch on when you've found the right spot,'' Security said, thoroughly delighted.
Hope moved the back of her ginger mop to one side and placed the clip beneath her skull.
Down, the device spoke, in a computerised manner.
Hope tried her best to follow the module's instructions.
Down. Stop. No. Up. Up. Up a bit more. A little to the right. Nearly. Left. Stop. Down. That's good. Nearly perfect. Up. Finalised. A sharp whiz echoed outwards from the device.
''Ow. Ow,'' Hope grumbled.
''That's just it securing itself in place, no need to panic,'' Security tried to ease.
''I regret my decisions… here and life in general,'' Hope said with a half-fearful smile.
''Give it a try, see how you find it,'' advised Security.
''What? Just use my mind to operate the thing?''
''Precisely that.''
''Fair enough, here I go.'' Hope's face immediately changed to one of insane fear. ''Aghhhhh!'' she cried.
''Hope?!'' I shouted.
''Wow, what a plunge,'' she laughed like a mad-lady. ''Thought I'd make a cold dive into extreme anxiety first - don't ask me why. But I've got confidence mode on now. Pretty decent.'' Her pupils dilated. ''I could actually conquer the fucking world! Wooooooooo!'' she raved, excruciatingly into my ears.
''It can take its time to properly manage the device, Hope. I recommend just small tweaks to help aid you. It's not something to depend on, but more of your own personal helper,'' Security explained.
''Got ya, Secy-Sec.'' Hope swayed around like she had been possessed by an incredibly stoned demon.
''You alright, Hope?'' I asked worryingly.
''Yep, yep. Sweet and splendid… sweet and splendid… surrealllllllllll madness,'' she wheezed out, more spaced out than ten stoners hot-boxed together. ''How to make this stop, one asks the question of, please?'' She spiralled her head over towards Security.
''Place your hand back over it and ask for it to be removed in your mind,'' Security said, with a look on his face heading much further towards the direction of plain distress, than the delighted one he had started this interaction with. 
''Ja. Hört sich gut an,'' Hope responded, wobbling on her bike seat, and she moved her hand back around onto the device.
I heard the same whiz noise from before, as Hope ripped the module off her head and collapsed over the handlebars of the bike.
''Hope?'' Security and I jointly said together.
''That ought to be illegal,'' she managed to say, holding the thing up for Security to take back.
''I apologise, Hope. It must need a few adjustments.''
No adjustments required. Unreasonable misuse by user, crackled the device.
''It was a test-drive, had to see what capabilities it contained,'' Hope giggled, pushing her torso off the handles.
''I might just have the parameters slightly adjusted, so you don't… accidentally, over-indulge yourself again,'' Security politely suggested.
''How long have you had one of those in your head, Matter?'' she asked. ''You must be off your tits 24/7!''
''Sorry to disappoint you, Hope. I've only ever used mine responsibly,'' I laughed. ''Trust you to bloody whack it up to full cocaine-mode.''
''Hey now! Security told me to give it a spin!''
''There's no issue here, friends. There shouldn't be any concern for becoming dependent on this, it won't allow for that to happen. I'll let you have it back, Hope - to use when you see fit.'' Security handed it back to Hope, and she slipped it in her jean pocket.
I could suddenly feel Quen's irritated face, staring directly at me through his visor. He was becoming increasingly impatient, waiting for us to finish up in our mischief, as he sat on his motorcycle at the other side of the garage door.
''If you're all set, I think we best be off,'' Security said, feeling it too.
Security jumped onto his quad-bike and gave a thumbs up. Quen did the same, and a unison of roaring motors spread throughout the building. The deep and powerful growls of engines soon adapted to calmful purrs, and eventually fell into an almost void of silence - clever tech, but who really wanted to make themselves loud and proud outside in our world, full of beady-eyed predators?


*


We were out on the road again; only this time around, south was the path we took, with a wonderful bunch of robot misfits, and quite frankly, two people who should have never made it quite this far in an apocalyptic setting.
I rode my trusty quad-bike, while Security was out in front riding his. Next to him, Quen was showing just how capable he was under the controls of a dirt bike. At the rear, Gem and Marcus sat in the back of the four-by-four, as they were sporadically licked over by a bombardment of hyperactive tongues, belonging to Quen's two dogs, who they shared their seats with. Seated in the front driver and passenger seats, two skinned-robots sat - I hadn't the opportunity to speak to the male one yet, and I was pretty convinced that the female who drove, was none other than the lady robot I'd seen half-naked, putting on her skin… I thought it would be best if I avoided her… she probably thought I was just another deranged pervert, anyhow. 
My bestest-canine-pal in the world - Kay - ran alongside with me. Unlike Quen's beloved dogs, she had the stamina and speed to keep up, and seemingly run forever. My other bestest-human-pal in the world - Hope - rode alongside with me on her motorbike; while her newly appointed, hairy-doggo - Bark - ran alongside her, also. Every now and then Kay and Bark would run together and have a playful bash or nip. It was still so peculiar when they acted this dog-like, yet at the same time could spark up a debate in the English tongue and open up like a cabinet to reveal a wide array of weaponry to use.
I guess there was no point in wondering about these things - normality didn't have a place anymore in this world, and sometimes and for somethings, we were all better off for it. For example, it had occurred to me, why the hell did we become a biker gang whenever we had to travel? I might have found the answer out if I'd bothered to ask Security more questions? But in the end, I just presumed they'd run out of cars… or bikes were simply cooler for robots? I mean, just look at Arnie.

Thankfully, the rest of our ride south was one of peace and serenity; no Ravager scum came around to pester us, nor any other insignificant gangs for that matter.
Roads were generally starting to show increasing signs of wear and tear these days. The verges had begun a mission to reclaim the tarmac they had always been beaten back from, and like the dreams of many a receding man's head - the baldness was losing this fight.
Amongst other things, the roads were mostly always cluttered with random junk; things like burnt-out cars, old tires, and tree debris was to be expected. But the right-out absurd confused me greatly; rusted bathtubs, a collection of rubber chickens, and even the odd, fully-sized adult doll, I'd seen. It was strange, but familiar chaos. Maybe that was a clear reason for our bikes? So we could manoeuvre ourselves around all this littered clutter.

We'd been riding for several hours… or several minutes, or days. I think I'm gonna stop repeating myself now, with how bad I am when it comes to keeping up with that thing called time. But anyway, as we rode on, one of the biggest trees I think I had ever seen, laid out in front of the road - maybe half-a-mile out in the distance. Other fallen trees we'd come across had been far easier to avoid, and if they caused us too much trouble, Security and his two robot-companions made easy work relocating them elsewhere.
This one, however, looked as though it had the potential to weigh several tons. It was also wedged between two stone walls, which had been built either side of the road. Several branches, thick with green leaves, grew out of any small gaps and stretched out far beyond the trunk, obscuring anyone's vision from spying the road beyond.
Things would be tricky here, as the road we were on had been directly cut through a forest, and there seemed to be no easy way, especially for the four-by-four, to get through - unless we were to turn around and find another route. Before a unanimous decision was cast in that regards, we'd all come to a full stop. Quen, out in front, had parked his bike and was cautiously making his way over to inspect the blockade. He removed his helmet and turned around to give us all a good inspection. 
''Stay put. I'll deal with this,'' he commanded.
A dozen rounds fired out from behind the trunk and created a lovely mosaic of bullet holes around his feet.
''If you love life, keep your arms in the air and follow our instructions. If you hate life, make a move and see what happens,'' a voice from beyond the tree calmly said.
''Remind me, Sir,'' Quen replied, keeping his cool. ''Is this the road which has landmines underneath it?''
''I may or may not have a detonator in my hand for them. Are you wanting to test your theory?'' replied the voice.
''Considering I'm the one who put them in the ground, I think not.'' Quen turned around to see who might be hiding around the tree. ''I know they work, and I know that if you use them, then you'll more than likely blow yourself up with us.''
''Who are you?!'' shouted the voice.
''Quen! I have an escort with me carrying Damien and Kestrel's children. We've come to speak with them.''
There was some silence and slight mutterings amongst voices, from behind the tree trunk.
''They need to come out of the vehicles and walk up next to you,'' a new and mature voice said.
''Is the foliage you're sitting in inside your sockets? Don't you recognise me?'' Quen protested.
''Very good, Quen. We know it's you, and we know the protocol. So, while we wait for whichever sons and daughters of Damien and Kestrel's to come out and show themselves, you might wanna tell us just who the hell all this other lot are? Thank you!'' the voice grizzled.
Quen didn't need to go and ask for Marcus and Gem, they'd heard it all and were already making their way to stand alongside him.
''I understand your hesitation,'' Marcus spoke. ''But we're all allies here. It's me, Marcus and my sister Gem, the rest are dear friends to us. They even saved our lives. I guarantee that.''
''Sounds dreadful. Where was Quen when this all happened?'' questioned the voice with a feign of concern.
''He was with us,'' Gem responded.
''You're telling me that the mighty Quen was actually bested in combat?'' A howl of laughter erupted from behind the trunk, leaves were rapidly falling off from their vibrating branches. ''Bullshit! You're not Quen, and you're no kids of our lord and lady. Set off the landmines! You'll all die now!''
''Get down!'' screamed Quen. ''Move!''
Marcus and Gem darted into the verge on top of one another. The rest of us were further back and only had a few seconds to contemplate if we jump off, or start throwing rocks.
A giant, bald head with a bushy beard attached, pushed itself out of the foliage to take a good ponder over all of us. The man's enormous mouth opened up wide and bellowed out a deep, booming rupture of toothy laughter.
''You tosser!'' fired out Quen.
''Same back to you, yer-old ball-bag,'' Bush-Face jeered. ''Come on lads, clear the path for our guests.''
The foliage behind the trunk vanished away, and the fallen tree began to move inwards until it was turned around and pushed onto the side of the verge by two young boys - were they really that strong? Or was it just made out of paper mache? This time, I'll go for the former.
''It's good to see ya, mate,'' exclaimed the jolly man - head more ginger-beard than face - holding out his arm.
''You too, Robert, you decrepit-git!'' said Quen - actually looking joyous for a change - as he held Robert's arm and hugged him.
''Sorry to do that to ya, kids,'' Robert said, watching Marcus and Gem getting to their feet and wiping the mud off from their clothes.
Marcus made an awkward smile and retreated back into the vehicle he'd come out of.
''He's not too sore with me, is he? Just a little joke,'' he asked Gem.
''A good joke for you, perhaps?'' she questioned. ''I wonder though if you'd dare do the same to our other siblings… or our parents for that matter?'' Gem smiled for half a second and left to join her brother.
''God, got yourself a handful there, Quen,'' pitied Robert.
''Troubling days, Robert. And your sense of humour is quite perturbed at the best of times.''
''Perturbed?'' he laughed. ''Someone's been bedding down with far too many dictionary's, then sweet damsel's in distress, these days.''
''You old fruit-cake, Robert.'' Quen slapped his shoulder. ''Best chance of that these days would be if I surrendered myself to a Ravager slum. But you seem well attended to with your young boys.''
''Fuck off! I'm no nonce.'' He punched Quen back. ''They're good, hard-working lads… when you kick 'em in the right places.''
''Sure,'' they laughed in unison. ''I have one suggestion for you, however. Is tell whoever fired rounds at my feet, why live bullets against buried landmines don't mix.''
''He'll sure enough get a proper hiding from me, don't you worry 'bout that.'' Robert held his rotund belly as he laughed away.
Quen's dogs had escaped out the car and came up to sniff Robert's chunky fingers.
''Hello, you two.'' Robert formed another toothy grin, as he gave both of the dogs a heavy-handed rubbing down. ''Has this one here been treating you, two boys, well enough?''
''I do my best. But things have really taken a spiral downwards in the last few days - I can't say much now, Robert. But just be on your guard,'' Quen warned.
Robert raised a bushy eyebrow. ''Damn. Sorry to hear that. If you want, I could take the dogs off you for a bit, give 'em some proper meat, and let the lads wash 'em down good.'' He wrinkled his nose, as he sniffed one of the dogs.
''They could really do with some affection, especially with what we've all been through. Thank you, Robert.'' Quen said, with love in his eyes… well, something in them, anyway.
''It will be my, bloody pleasure, you old bastard. After my lovely mutt - Betty died - I really could do with the company of a canine for a few hours,'' Robert said with a sniff. 
''I've been there before, I feel for you, I really do. Hope these two can give you some comfort, they're honestly the best mates I could have asked for.'' He patted his dogs and let them both return his love with an assault of unhygienic doggy-kisses. 
''I'll give 'em both a proper good pampering package, all free of charge,'' Robert chuckled away.
''That's very much appreciated, my old friend. Anyway, we better head in. Maybe I'll get to see you later if you'll be around,'' Quen asked.
''A few more hours here and I'll do my best to hunt you down. Might be that I have a few unopened bottles of whiskey laying around… who knows?'' Robert gave him a manly hug and Quen turned around - instantly reforming back to his typical disposition - as he mounted his bike and ordered us all to head out.

''What do you think about that?'' Gem asked Marcus, as she made the misfortune of pressing her palm into a left-over-pool of dog saliva.
Marcus kept himself to himself. Looking out the tinted window, as the car drove up a familiar, pebbled road, on towards a rather too familiar country house. The upkeep, yet again, was like that of the manor house - perfection; gardens tended, people around the grounds happily idle, or on their way to some happy encounter - their smiles surely helped give that impression, anyway. People played fetch with dogs, others sunbathed on the grass, or sat on picnic blankets with loved ones. It was as if we'd wandered through a portal to the days of before - for the privileged, that is.
''Talk to me, Earwig,'' Gem urged her brother, whilst wiping the dog drool off her palm.
''I have a large feeling I've well and truly declawed us both.'' He looked down to watch his uncontrollable, fiddling fingers. ''Back at the manor house, it seemed as though we had something. Felt like we were independent in building something for ourselves. We were making plans. Had schemes. Growing food, doing trade, recruiting. All without the help, or the sense that mum and dad weren't looking over our shoulders at every opportunity.
''But what happened? One Ravager attack and we lost it all. God knows what's going to become of all those brave men and women I sent off into those Ravager settlements? Now we're running back to mum and dad with our sad little puppy frowns, asking for a handout. It makes me sick… sick and powerless.''
''You're not the only one, Marcus.'' She tried to pat his shoulder without it seeming insincere. ''I'm sure we'll figure out a way of getting back into contact with them. But you're not the only one with broken dreams. I was just on the cusp of my all-female squad - going around luring out the perverse, the bigoted, and chauvinists of the world.
''Gawd, I just loved savouring that turn around look in their eyes, when they realised, we weren't the insecure, dainty little ladies they'd taken us for - now that's all gone to shit, too.''
''You were always like that. Didn't you used to bring your army of dolls into my room and make them decapitate all the male figures I owned?'' Marcus said, with a slight curve of a smile.
''Some of my most favoured memories, those ones.''
''We should get you checked out after this.''
''Is that before or after you go?'' she wondered.
''Hell, let's go together.''
Gem tucked herself underneath her brother's arm.
''Don't laugh, but… I love you, little brother.''
''Gem,'' Marcus said, eyes shining a tear or three. ''Gemmy, Gem. Don't tease me either, but I think I just might love you too. I know that as long as you're around things will work out alright for us.''
They stayed glued to each other for a few quiet seconds, as the entrance to the country house loomed ever closer.
''Do you want me to call you a prick and punch you in the arm, before this gets too soppy?'' Gem asked her brother.
''Oh, we're well beyond that, Fat-Feet. But for the sake of whoever's watching this, please do.''
Gem got up, wiped off a couple of tear trails, and slammed a painful fist into her brother's arm.
''Fucking prick!'' she shouted out, in teary laughter.

''How the hell did you know what they were saying inside that vehicle?'' I hear you scream. Well, I guess I can only answer that, the same way I answered it when Marcus found old, dear Valerie slain… by saying nothing.
I don't know? Maybe this stuff makes this tale more interesting, or me talking like this might actually just be pissing you off and come across as really obnoxious. Either way, if you like it, thanks… if not, just tear/erase/miss out this bit. I'm mad! I'm a bloody robot, hanging out with other robots, while mental people dressed up in dead body suits try and kill us. Help me!

An uneasy chill of queasiness greeted me when our vehicles stopped outside the country house. I looked over to Hope, wondering if she was feeling it too? It maddened me that this kind of elegant arrival would always take me back to Valerie's famous dinner party. But really, how often would I be doing this? Pottering around the world, going to people's lavish mansions - didn't stop it from really bugging me, though.
Down. To the left. Stop. No. No. Right. Up, an angry robot voice said.
I turned to laugh at the sight of Hope trying to reattach the emotion-device back onto that particular spot against her head.
''Need a fix that bad?'' I joked.
''Piss on your head, no,'' she huffed. ''Gonna ease the nerves, and see how it can help.''
''I didn't realise that the famous Hope… erm… got nervous.''
''Don't think we ever did surnames, right?''
I made a face.
''Not telling you. That's something you'll have to figure out for yourself,'' she said, focusing on finding the sweet-spot.
''Helpful as always.''
She was about to say something rude, until the device made its little whizzing sound, and one of Hope's eyelids began flickering. 
''Ow!'' she exclaimed. ''And go fuck yourself, Matter. We're on a professional errand. No childish games - it's business time.''
''I know, just try not to burn that thing out this time,'' I sniggered.
She looked disappointed at me, as she kicked out the side stand of her bike and walked over to the others, who were congregating around the entrance to the country house.
''You coming in?'' I asked Kay, who sat loyally by my side.
She just barked back… maybe she was in business mode too? In incognito.
The front-doors opened and out came a collection of people. I hurried on down to catch up with the gang.
''Marcus and Jennifer? We're surprised to see you here, there was no prior warning to your arrival,'' said a tall lady wearing a suit.
''Well, we're here now, aren't we?'' Gem replied sternly.
''There's a very good reason for our sudden appearance here. I need to speak to mum… Damien and Kestrel. Are they here?'' Marcus took over.
''I see. Very well,'' Business-Lady said, completely neutral about the whole thing. ''Your father and brother went out shooting around an hour ago - it shouldn't be too long until they return.''
''Seb's here?'' Marcus was surprised.
''Sebastian? Of course. Where else would he be?'' she said dismissively.
''I guess it's not like he has another dad's arsehole to live in,'' Gem whispered a bit too loudly.
Business-Lady made an utterly disgusted face. ''May I ask who your friends are?''
''Good people. I don't want to come off rude, Ruth, but I'd prefer to speak this all over with dad first,'' Marcus asked in far more diplomatic terms.
''Not rude at all, Marcus.'' Ruth gave Gem a quick glare. ''Perhaps you'd like to wait for them in the lounge? I can arrange some food and drink for you and your guests.''
''That's very kind of you and much appreciated, thank you.'' Marcus slightly bowed his head, to the sound of titters coming from Gem.
''Then please follow me,'' Ruth said, after giving Gem another set of daggers.
''Gem.'' Marcus put his index finger to his lips. ''Control that inner-child.''
''It's not easy. Bloody, Ruth,'' Gem snarled - at least quieter enough this time for her not to hear.
I followed everyone inside; I was the last to go. However, with Kay and Hope close by, I didn't feel as panicked. I was tempted to use my emotion-dampener, but I really didn't want to always become so dependent on that thing. Hope's outburst while using hers, was enough of a warning for me to stay well clear from that kind of behaviour… and as Security reassured us, the device wouldn't allow for you to become an addict while using it… I guess, in theory, anyway?
Irritatingly enough, if feeling stressed out on a high dose of anxiety was not sufficient for my mind. There was also a bunch of guiltiness cramming its way into my head, too. The lavish lifestyle over here. The safety, the joyous ignorance; shelter, security, food, warmth, love. I thought back to those mindless zombies walking around that tub - full of blended, human entrails. 
They were more than just the unlucky ones. They were the bottom of the pile; where the greatest aspiration you could try to achieve, was simply a quick death - I knew all too well, I was one of them, once. But here, ignorance was most definably bliss. Though, for some people, I wasn't sure if it even was ignorance? Did they have the slightest clue of what went on behind this false-security, or was it plain and simple that they just couldn't give a fuck - after all, we're just savage, bloody animals underneath a flaking veneer of disillusioned honour.
But enough happy talk. We were coming towards the lounge; carpeted and ridiculously decorated in the finest of riches. The inner wall was covered in the largest tapestry I'd ever seen; beautifully laced by the most gifted hands - from ceiling to floor, it hung - where a long table, rather rudely covered up the bottom half.
I had a look over at the table; bowls of fruit and silver ornaments adorned it all the way to the end. An endless line of photo frames tried to establish a lineage of the family. I could mostly make out the ones of Gem and Marcus; starting from naïve babies and slowly evolving themselves into adulthood.
After I'd sufficiently gorged myself with fecklessly, bumbling around the room like a blind sheep, I returned to stand next to Hope.
''Nob,'' she whispered.
''What did I do?'' I said offended.
''Nothing. You just looked like a bit of a twat, wandering around aimlessly,'' she insulted me, whilst her hands laid behind her back, pretending to look like a professional.
''Whatever happened to business time mode?''
''Sorry, you make it hard not to break character. I'll be good.''
''Thanks for the words of encouragement, helps booster my flayed ego.''
She prodded me in the side.
''Right,'' Ruth addressed us. ''Take a seat, I recommend the table by the window - excellent views you'll find there. I hope sandwiches will suffice everyone. Juice and tea will follow shortly.''
''Thank you, Ruth,'' Marcus said appreciatively.
''Most kind of you,'' Security commended, as Ruth left us to ourselves. 
Security took a seat, as recommended by Ruth, at the table by the window - his two, robot-colleagues joined him. It was ridiculous how those three seemed far more human than the rest of the rugged/pissed off/stressed/awkward arrangement, that made up the remainder of us - human-from-birth-lot.
''Well, here we are guys and gals,'' said Marcus, extremely uncomfortably.
''So homely,'' Gem added, bitterly.
Marcus moved over to the closest window and observed outwards over the gardens.
''Remind me again, who we're waiting for?'' Hope asked the wind.
''Father and brother,'' answered Marcus, still intently looking outside.
''How bigs this family of yours, then?'' Hope said, doing her utmost to look as though she was interested.
''A horrendous mix of uncles and aunties, the majority are vile.'' Gem took over. ''You already know Uncle Horror - the man residing in the cannibal retreat. And… Valerie. Dad and Seb are off getting boners from shooting poor animals.''
''I really question how murder can be classed as a sport?'' Marcus said.
''Let's not bring up that old debate again, with them… otherwise, they may convince themselves that we suddenly all look a bit feathery around the edges - more poultry than homo-sapien.'' Gem replied.
''Tradition. That's what they said… 'people like you want to destroy our culture,''' he mocked. ''That's the kind of attitude you get from people who think we should still be hanging foreigners in the streets, and have the slave trade going… sorry, I'm going on a tangent. Can't be picky these days, what else are they going to eat?'' Marcus looked thoroughly depressed.
''Don't fret, bro. I'm sure when there's no more humans left to eat - the world will turn vegan… unless being a strict cannibal still counts as veganism?''
''You might want to try being one of those human cattle in your uncle's abattoir, and see how funny cannibalism is them?'' Hope let loose.
''Sorry, Hope,'' Gem apologised.
''Fuck it, it's fine.''
''You were asking about family, weren't you?'' Gem continued. ''We've got another two sisters; ones eight and the other one acts forty, but in Earth years she's twenty-something. Apart from the brothers you already know, there's the twins; two five-year-old boys, who mostly live around mum.
''That's about it when it comes to siblings… unless mothers popped another one out… guess we'll find out soon enough - that's if she's around here? Though she's more often than not, squandering about over at the beach hut.''
''Beach hut?'' Hope replied, aghast. ''Another one? Let me work this out here, alright. Beach hut to you… but to us, I'm presuming beach mansion; with eighty rooms, ten swimming pools, and a square mile of its own beach?'' she said unimpressed.
''Something of that nature, yeah.'' Gem laughed, nervously.
Two servants entered through a side door and wheeled in a glistening, silver-trolley, displaying a wonderful assortment of treats and goodies - shame I could only partake in the jug of water. Once they'd plated the dishes onto a smaller table, directly by the door they'd come through, both of them bowed and left us as swiftly as they had entered - I thought Ruth had just ordered us sandwiches, not a newlywed's buffet.
Sadly, not a single one of us was in a hurry to dismantle the delicacies that lay before us - it especially didn't help when half of us couldn't eat a bleedin' thing. Only Hope's companion, Bark, went over and drank from the doggy bowl that had been thoughtfully left out - I doubt that even he would be able to eat the meaty chucks they'd ever so kindly placed on a plate next to it.
''Think I see them,'' Marcus fretted.
As if a turbulent wave had whacked itself against the side of the house, we all planted ourselves towards the windows of the lounge, to take a gander outside - looking like a bunch of squashed bugs.
Marcus' vision was indeed correct. A golf-caddy was making its way, sluggishly over the grounds, towards the side of the house. A string of pheasants hung alongside the canopy, jittering as the caddy bumped over hidden mounds of grass, camouflaged within the earth.
An older gentleman, with a stubbled face and a stern look in his eye, was in charge of driving the vehicle. Sat next to him, I presume his son, Seb, held an opened shotgun; he was lanky, with a narrow face, and had a smug look about him - maybe he was most impressed in himself from the bounty of birds he'd slain? Behind the caddy, two mudded Land Rovers hovered in the distance; hanging out the doorless boot of each car, a sharpshooter was harnessed - rifle in hand - standing on a small platform, extending out from the boot. They looked ready and eager to deal out punishment for any disobedience there was to be had or found.
Finally, they arrived at the side of the country house. A couple of servants were already waiting to remove the weapons and the dead. Ruth had snuck out too. She wasted no time to inform Damien about some juicy gossip - I had a small inkling that it may have involved us.
Family reunions have always had a unique way of bringing out festering emotions. This one looked as though it was heading more towards the turd-end of the spectrum; if anything was to be concluded from the look Damien made, as his hands gripped tightly around the steering wheel, or the vanishing act that occurred instantaneously to Seb's leery smirk.
Damien turned his head up to see us all gorping over at them from the upstairs windows. An onlooker would have laughed quite frantically towards the 'smoothness' we all made, as we scurried out of view in one united front. Security and his two friends were the only ones who didn't flinch away - they actually smiled and waved back!
I felt bad for Marcus. He was persistently fidgeting, unsure of what stance to make; one hand resting on the table, then both, then none - I was waiting for him to do a handstand next, to ease the nerves. He could have really benefitted from one of Security's emotional dampeners… but maybe Security had run out?
The room had become painfully quiet. All we had to occupy ourselves with was waiting. Or try and conduct ourselves a rudimentary experiment, of observing the buffet table slowly festering itself into a stale-state, and await until it decided to erupt its growths out into a blooming-bouquet of mould and dust.
The hallway doors opened, and in stalked Damien and son, each with two thugs at either side - acting as their bookends. Damien strutted his stuff over to the table of feasts and swallowed-whole, a couple of vol-au-vents while picking up a jug of throaty beer.
''You've brought some guests with you?'' Damien commented. ''Tuck in,'' he told Seb and his thugs.
Seb stayed put by the door, leaving the four thugs to demolish the platter.
Damien opened the top of a corner cabinet and twiddled his fingers alongside a collection of tankards. He found the precise one he was looking for and took it out, slamming the door shut. His thumb propped the lid ajar, and he blew a hefty blast of air inside, forming a cloud of dust to puff outwards around his head.
He had a face of chiselled stone; eyes penetrating the very souls of his absent son and daughter. Damien filled the tankard up to the top, until beer poured out from the sides. He flung the half-empty jug onto the table, where it bounced and spun through an assortment of canapés. Without losing eye-contact, he downed the entire thing in front of us all… this was certainly the strangest drinking competition I'd ever attended.
''Shepard, damn well knows how to make a fine ale,'' he burped, while the thugs behind chewed and smacked their jowls together with wide-opened mouths - I felt a serious case of misophonia fast-tracking its way within me.
''Beer. Ale.'' Damian held up the empty tankard and dropped it onto the carpet. ''Doesn't matter. It follows the rules. Goes by the recipe. Add the right amount of yeast, hops, water, and all that other shit. Usually… it works out just fine,'' he let out another loud belch and blew it over to where we all stood.
''Now take one daughter. Take one son. Put them in a mansion. Give them guards. Give them everything… and you'd think it would turn out alright… hopefully, even manage itself. Not like you were under any obligation-''
''The manor house is regrettable,'' Marcus interrupted. ''We-''
''Fuck do I care about the manor house, Marcus!'' Damien screamed, hot-blood bulged veins outside his temples. ''Valerie! Your own blood! Body still warm and you're already scheming with his assailants!'' A thick finger seemed to point its way over to me and Hope.
''You pompous, cunt!'' came the words, so elegantly from Hope's beautiful mouth.
Yet again, things could surely escalate in a hurry. Seb had already pulled a blade from inside his jacket, and the four thugs' hands were jointly slivering inside various pockets to reveal similar weaponry.
''I'm gonna cut out that whore tongue of yours, bitch!'' Seb yelled, edging forwards.
''Sebastian, hold your ground! Think for just a moment,'' his father ordered. ''We're talking. Using our wits and these things.'' He wiggled his voice-box around in his throat. ''Hope, isn't it? And you next to her. Matt? Correct me if I'm wrong,'' he asked us with the confidence of a bull, as his leggy son backed off, and his thugs continued their revolting display of mastication.
''That's right, listen to your daddy,'' Hope hissed at Seb. ''You're nearly there, old-man. I'm Hope, he's Matter. And to have any sympathy or love towards a son like Valerie is simply laughable - he tried to eat us, not before torturing us both. And would have, if his self-harming buddy hadn't stuck his face through with his own dagger!''
''So, it really did happen that way?'' wondered Damien.
''How else do you think we'd escape?!''
''I'm sorry. I really am. None of us. And I mean none of us knew anything about Valerie's evil, evil habits. He had a close-knit group of friends, you see. They were very good at keeping his secret, very, very dirty. And this place you both were at. I'm disgusted to say that my own brother runs the establishment. I want to assure you both that I'm doing everything in my power to shut it down and hold him accountable.
''What happened to you… is so awful. Please forgive me for how angry I came across. Could you perhaps, forgive an old, foolish man for mourning a son… a son that he once thought was kind and innocent?'' Damien pleaded, falling to his knees.
Hope wasn't expecting that. She had no words to say - finally!
''And you there,'' Damien crawled on his knees over to Security. ''You must be this robot I've heard so much about. Truly incredible.'' He held Security's arm and delicately touched it. ''Remarkable. Just as the Gods intended - impeccable.''
''It's a pleasure to meet you,'' Security said, even he began to look uncomfortable.
''I heard how you came to my son and daughter's rescue. If it wasn't for you, they would have died! Your angels to me you hear, angels!''
''It's no problem at all, Sir.'' Security couldn't understand why this human before him had begun ravishing his arms with kisses - it was vomit-inducing.
Marcus and Gem looked completely befuddled towards one another, with this display from their father.
''Come with me, come, I beg you.'' Damien got to his knees and pulled Security off his seat. Almost mocking the Giggler, as he hobbled over to the long table in front of the tapestry.
''Look at these.'' He fanned his arm over the photographs. ''My family and loved ones. These are the people you have selflessly saved, and whose lives you continue to enrich.''
''It's my honour, Damien.'' Security said, ever the professional. ''Your son and daughter are very kind and generous people - that is what I've learnt from them. It would be a privilege to work together with you, and form an alliance, to defeat the monsters of this world - together, as unified allies.''
''Yes, yes! Praise the almighty! I knew you'd save us from the hypocrisy of this impoverished world. I told you the Gods had given me a sign, and in this very tapestry. Look, my friend, look.'' Damien almost shoved Security's head right up to a precise spot. ''Look! Do you see it?''
''Not quite. What exactly is it I'm looking for?'' Security eyed the fine tapestry with great intent.
''Your undoing, you muppet,'' Damien told him, with the look of a doomed preacher.
The tapestry moved and waved like it had been possessed by an entity. I followed the movements to a frayed opening above; an eye pierced from within, an eye which glowed black - an eye with a thick, washer welded around it.
The bare, metal framework of an arm punched and shredded itself through the tapestry. Clawed fingers at the end, hooked themselves deep into Security's fleshy head; sparks crackled out of the exposed, metal-casing of his skull - it crunched under the raw, almighty power of Claw's strength. The razor-sharp fingers snapped hard together, and like an aluminium can - Security's head collapsed in on itself. He jutted and fitted, as Claw crawled and tore himself out from behind the tapestry - stuttering in a frenzy - laughing in the most guttural and disturbing fashion. 
He tossed Security's limp corpse to the side; breaking his body through the centre of the food table - a splattering of edible debris followed alongside him into the destruction, as cutlery and cloth wrapped Security up like a babe, as he was swallowed-whole by the table.
Too much happened in such a few seconds. As Security's body was hurtled through the macaroons, Damien's thugs each took out their own weapons. A burst from a sawed-off shotgun punched a crater through the torso of Security's male companion. His female brethren had a dagger thrown, deep inside her right eye, while another burst from a shotgun took the top half of her head off.
I began to rush over towards Hope - maybe, somehow, I could shove her through a window. Yet, something hooked me from behind. Hope looked at my belly in horror. I followed her eyes downwards, to find Claw's razor-edged fingers sticking outwards - he'd impaled me straight through. I was lifted up into the air, dangling in front of my friends - hanging over the carnage.
''Little fishy plucked from the damned,'' Claw heaved out in static laughter. ''Will those who love him behave? Or shall I demonstrate what a fisherman does to a plucked little fishy?''
''Dad!'' Marcus cried, as he and his sister stood in fright. ''These are our friends!''
''Are they? Really?'' he scoffed. ''Do you hear that, Seb?''
'''fraid so,'' he sneered, twiddling his unsheathed blade and eyeing up Hope like a lion.
''What the ever-loving fuck happened to you two?!'' Damien spat. ''Do you have even an ounce of love for your family? Or is it your plan to completely annihilate your heritage?''
''They're our allies, dad! They saved our lives,'' Gem spat back.
''Saved your lives? No, I save your lives, children. Each and every day since you fucked off, out your mother's fanny.'' He pointed to me. ''This one. He saved your life you say? Funny that he was right by Valerie when he died, and then - right by your sister…''
''Charlotte?!'' Marcus and Gem jointly said in terror.
''What's happened to Charlotte?!'' Gem said shaking.
''Ask your good-friend,'' Damien said, as they all glared over towards my skewered body.
''Matter, what's going on?'' Gem asked, as though she was about to heave.
I laughed at that. ''Gem, my dear, do you not see me squirming around like a pricked marshmallow. I'm utterly clueless as to what your, quite frankly, fucking-bonkers family are up to.''
The situation must have been dire, I couldn't even get a chuckle out of Hope's tear-soaked face, with that one.
''Raven, perhaps you could refresh his memory?'' Damien asked Claw, unimpressed with my antics.
''Matter, you so triumphantly went out on your own, to rescue this fair-lady who stands beneath you. And to what ends you mustered to save her, by using weaponry supplied to you by Security - who lays decommissioned over there in a plate of shrimp.
''Or was it from the lady you named Dance? Using that ever so charming, child-like virtue of yours. I know she's the brains of this operation, why else did she stay home, while you came here to play diplomat?''
''Oh, she knows all about you… Raven… Dance is pure class - intelligence like hers doesn't need any of this hammy-dramatics… you're so obvious.''
Raven hissed out a thunderous laugh. ''Yes, yes. There it is, Matter. That humour. Such sweet weakness. Use it up as much as you can. Won't be long until I've decanted out the last drops from you… the plans I have for you, my child.
''When you saved Hope, you fired a shot into the belly of a pointless man, but who sat next to this pointless man? Who do you think?''
I looked over to Marcus. ''How could I have known?'' I said.
''You couldn't have,'' he stared over bitterly towards his father. ''What was she doing there?!''
''The audacity you have, Marcus, is far beyond evil,'' his father scorned.
''You've truly gone mad!'' He looked over towards his brother. ''Seb?! why do you stand there and say nothing?!''
''You should listen to what father has to say,'' replied Seb, with deadpanned eyes.
''Is Charlotte dead?'' Gem dared to ask, panic-stricken.
''Nearly, very nearly. Thanks to that animal of yours, she has third-degree burns on over three-quarters of her body - not to mention the number of broken bones and limbs she's lost… shall I continue?''
''Stop painting her as a hero, Damien!'' I frothed. ''She happily watched people die… she even enjoyed it! She had innocent, naked people brought out and humiliated, they'd been tortured-''
''Shut his mouth!'' Damien ordered.
''Where is she?'' Gem asked.
''Raven has her on the mend, thank goodness. If it wasn't for him, she would have died, no question about it,'' Damien said, most seriously.
I howled out a rampant laugh and clapped my hands. ''Gratitude to this thing who has his hand through my guts, have you taken a real good look at him?! Does he scream out trust to you?!''
I must have irritated Raven slightly. His only response was to extend his fingers out through my torso, and the desired effect resulted in my lower half, just above the belly button, dropping off and falling flat onto the wonderfully, woven carpet.
Marcus screamed, Gem yelled, and Hope said, ''Shit!''
As my top-half fell to slump down over my legs, Raven stuck two of his fingers through my back and out of my nips, bringing me back up to his shoulder height again - treating me like a half-eaten piece of bread, dripping in fondue.
Hope moved closer to me, I'd no idea what she was planning, I don't think she did either. Raven pushed her back, by sticking a finger through each of her collar-bones. She fell backwards, but Marcus and Gem ran over to catch her - screw the thugs and their guns. Gem sacrificed herself as a human shield, in case Raven was inclined to strike again. Kay glared her teeth, and her brother, who was on the other side followed suit - I had a feeling they were going to jump and try something incredibly brave, which would have them going the same way as poor Security.
''No!'' I said sharply. ''Stop! Stop!''
Kay and Bark understood, they stood down.
''Obedient dogs,'' remarked Damien. ''Would be a shame to needlessly waste such intelligent life.'' 
He picked up a couple of napkins, caught in the broken table, and flung them at Gem's head.
''Clean up your friend.''
Marcus used them to help contain the blood leaking from Hope's shoulders.
''Let's take a few steps back,'' Damien began. ''You want to know what Charlotte was doing, masquerading as a Ravager?''
No one said anything - he took the silence as means of a response.
''Want to know who that 'pointless man' was, which Raven spoke of?'' Damien paused, expecting nothing but his echoing voice to reply. ''Your guy, right? Your man in charge? I doubt he'd any intention to actually carry out your big vision you had, to switch around the way Ravagers think?''
''Quen?'' Marcus asked, noting his very guilty face. ''I thought you were… I'd only ever thought of you as a second father. But all this time, you're just like the rest.''
''Damn this, Marcus!'' Quen shifted.
''It's not nice, is it, son? When you find out a loved one's been doing things behind your back?'' grilled his father. ''However, the irony of you backstabbing - your scheming - is that it's brought us all together with Raven. You can thank your sister for that one. She clearly has your blood - must be from your mother's side. Against my best wishes, Charlotte scouted out your Ravager-squalor to see just how successful your little infiltration was going on.
''Not very well, you'll be happy to know. But we found a new alliance with Raven… so, in a way, this is all your doing, Marcus. The good and the bad. The living and the dead. Thank you, so very much, son,'' Damien ended with a nasty snigger.
''Well, it's not all bad now, is it?'' Raven tested.
''You betrayed us. We mean nothing to you?'' Marcus pressed Quen further, as he aimed all his failures upon his bodyguard.
''How dare you say that?!'' he raised his voice. ''You and your sister, you're like my own kids. I've been protecting you from the day you were born, and I haven't stopped! I was worried for you. Absolutely petrified of this task you'd set up. I couldn't bear for any harm to come to you. That's why I've been informing your father of what you've been up to. Because I love you, and it's, for what I believe, the honest thing to do.'' Quen lowered his eyes - I'd never seen so much pain come before him, maybe he did have a heart somewhere inside?
''And for what it's worth, you two. I had not a single clue about any of this.'' Quen faced up to Damien. ''I know it's out of my place to say. But these robots you killed - they are good people. They didn't deserve this, Damien. I don't know what your thinking is here, but this is scary.''
''You're right, Quen. It is out of your place. That's why you're a doer. You do as you're told, and very well. But a thinker, an organiser, a leader? Leave that for me to deal with. And you ever question me again like that, Quen, you can join him in the food pile over there.''
''Of course, Damien. Forgive me… just please don't hurt Marcus and Gem… take me instead… of all the years of service, please-''
''Give it a rest, Quen! I'm not going to kill my own kids.'' Damien chuckled. ''What do you take me for?''
The fear stoking itself from within Quen's eyes answered that question.
''Raven here, though he may look… and I don't mean to offend you, Raven… like the artwork of a deranged four-year-old,'' Damien said, licking the metal arse of my impaler.
''That doesn't offend me. It's the look I was going for,'' the macabre beast grinned - well, he might, had the dent representing a mouth been able to move.
''Raven is our friend. Clearly, he has a very, specific, method of doing things. But he is resourceful, powerful, and an exceptional individual - especially when it comes to keeping us on good terms with the hordes of insanity, only meters outside our comfort zone,'' Damien tried to convince.
''Dad!'' Gem said, unable to believe the madness she was witnessing. ''This thing is a Ravager!''
''I'm not a Ravager,'' Raven interjected. ''My group of people may resemble them, but we are separate, we are the Ravens and I am the Raven. The Ravagers are my enemy, they will join me or die. For soon I shall wear their leader's head, as he wears his sweet, little faceplate.''
''Metal-Jaw?'' I blurted.
''Yes.'' Raven liked that. ''You've met before. Isn't he the reason your body had to be merged into this beautifully crafted design?'' He tickled his razor fingers over my head. ''I could squash the life out of you - the only bit left which makes you, you!'' He squeezed my head tightly.
''Stop! Please!'' Hope begged.
''And you!'' He released his grip over my head. ''Once you belonged to me. I should like to have her back?'' he asked Damien.
''Of course you do, Raven. I only wish I could say yes to that request. But before she was yours, she belonged to someone else. You get that one, but I must ask you that I keep her,'' he replied, so easily over the trade of us both.
''Yes.'' Raven's eyes glowed over Hope. ''Uncle Horror - I am such an admirer of his.''
''Back there? That fucking, human meat market. You can't! You can't do this. Not again. Not again!'' she yelled at Marcus and Gem.
''Hope, he'll have to murder us both to get to you.'' Marcus grit his teeth. ''Dad. They are people! Your fucking brother, why give him anything - why do any of this? Him and his ilk all deserve death! You know that! You happily allow him to keep his business - you protect him?!''
''More than you think, Marcus,'' Damien said, unflexed.
''Dad,'' Gem said in grief, clutching tightly to Hope. ''I know things have never been that clean-cut, but helping him? Don't muddy your hands anymore.''
''Fucking hell,'' laughed their dad. ''I really did give you a sheltered upbringing. Sorry for you to see all of this, Raven.''
''I find it truly fascinating, Damien,'' replied my fork.
''You two, now listen. Daddy's going to give you a quick summary of how things work in the grown-up world, out there.'' He drew up a seat and sat. ''You know the phrase 'dog-eat-dog?' Well, my son and daughter, no more has that phrase had greater meaning than the day we all looked at our tv sets and saw that an asteroid was on its way to this very Earth.
''You know where kindness and decency get you? Do you? The same place where it has always gotten people… nowhere. If we don't kill, if we don't profit off other people's suffering, you know what happens? They profit off our suffering! If I don't make sure that those strangers, who mean nothing to our family, aren't constantly culled - then you'd sooner be eating my meat in that buffet than theirs.''
There was no response, just a selection of mortified faces on our side.
''Your brother and I can shoot game every now and then for a treat, but that doesn't keep up with demand… not yet. Eating human flesh has always been a necessity to survive. That, and showing everyone else out there, in the desolation, that we are the most dominant ones of our race. And I will ally ourselves to whoever I see fit, who will ensure that keeps going.
''Because, do not make the mistake of thinking that if you show one iota of kindness you will receive it back. Because you will never receive it back! Drop your guard for only a second, and soon we will all be the ones having our meat carved up on a plate - that's why I've always made sure our family has been kept on the right side of the dinner table.''
Gem vomited down Hope's arm. Raven used his free hand to pick up a spare tablecloth and dropped it on top of their heads.
''You've got a lot of growing up to do, kids,'' Damien huffed. ''That's why the manor house had to go.''
''How could you?'' Marcus said hopelessly.
Quen was trying his best to hold back shouting out something.
''Throw me that weapon,'' Damien asked one of the thugs, as he got off his seat and caught the gun. ''Quen, please test me. I'm very fond of you, and I made sure you were spared in the attack. Don't make me have to add another pointless death, because of those two.'' He held the shotgun tightly, barrels aiming precisely towards Quen's guts.
Quen's face was blood-red, his veins had all popped. He looked as though he was either about to give birth, or his brain was set to burst out from his head.
''Hello everyone,'' spoke a little girl, who weaved herself past Damien's legs, and stood in the middle of the whole awkward situation.
Damien's face fell to that of a pale egg. He tried to grab the little girl, but she giggled, thinking of it as a game, and her sweet face smiled a toothy grin as she spotted her siblings.
''Jenny and Marky!'' her innocent voice squealed, as she rushed over and jumped on top of Gem.
''Oh, Abbie,'' Gem sobbed, hugging her little sister and stroking the locks away from her face. ''How's my tiny cabbage doing?''
''I'm a big cabbage now, Jenny. Dad calls me Pum-Pum, after the pumpkins we grew.'' She covered Gem in several snotty, but adorable kisses. ''Why are you crying?'' she asked, her face perplexed.
''Oh… I-I'm just so happy to see you. I missed you so much, Cabbage.'' Gem wiped both her eyes.
''Hey! Pum-Pum, I've grown!'' she protested.
''Pum-Pum… sorry.''
''Who's that?'' Abbie asked of Hope. ''What's wrong with her arms?''
''Paint, Pum-Pum,'' Hope made no hesitation to relay.
''Paint? Finger-paints? I want to play! Pleaseeeeee.'' Abbie hopped up and down pulling Gem's arm like a mischievous monkey.
A blustered lady rushed into the room. Jumping at the mess and carnage about the place.
''Abigale, come here now!'' she said, keeping her cool - completely unaware to the stand-off in the room. 
''Maxi. Please escort my daughter out of this room, now!'' Damien said sharply, under his breath.
''Yes, Sir. I'm so sorr…'' she trailed off quickly as she saw the gun in his hand.
''Maxi!'' Damien blared.
''Yes. Yes.'' Maxi stumbled as she tried to catch Abbie.
''No! No!'' Abbie yelled, ducking out of Maxi's hands and crashing into Bark.
''Doggy! Doggy! We have another doggy! I love its!'' Abbie was ecstatic, like a little wriggly worm - impossible to contain.
''Ok, Abbie. You can play with the dog if you promise to come with me now… if that's alright with you, Sir?'' Maxi asked.
''Yes! Take the blasted dog and go!'' Damien steamed.
''Yay! Can I not see more of Marky and Jenny?!'' Abbie said with a big grin.
''After, Pum-Pum,'' her dad reassured, whilst hiding the gun by his hip. ''Play with your new dog, and they'll be right in to see you.''
''Yay! Awesome!'' Abbie took Maxi's hand and was ready to leave. ''Bye!'' She turned around to wave at Marcus and Gem.
Abbie's sharp eyes made the small error of noticing my detached legs on the floor. She traced the invisible dots, further up, to see Raven holding my legless body. I'm honestly surprised she took this long to notice. I gave a pathetic little wave, to try and make whatever she was seeing not too traumatising.
''Aghhhhhhhhh!'' she wailed an ear-piercing squeak.
''Fuck it, Maxi! Get her out of here!'' Damien condemned, losing his patience.
Maxi grabbed Abbie with both hands by the mid-section and rushed out of the room - Bark took the incentive and made a sad whimper - as he darted after them and was gone.
Now, the scheduled madness could continue.
Marcus was supporting Gem by the hip, and in turn, she was clutching herself tightly against Hope.
''Fuck this.'' Damien looked at the gun and tossed it back to the thug.
''Why, dad?'' Marcus started. ''Why did this lesson of yours have to have so much death and destruction?''
''Good men, I'll add, Damien,'' Quen couldn't help himself. 
''Whack him, would you?''
A thug behind Quen cracked his skull with the butt of a dagger; he fell to his knees but did so in complete silence.
''Quen,'' Damien said, looking as though he was giving up. ''It turns out I don't have the heart to kill you, but I damn well have the patience to hurt you. So unless you want an induced coma, I heavily suggest you stay put and shut it.
''You were trying to domesticate the Ravagers, I get that, Marcus. But you had more plans, didn't you? Killing my brother - your uncle, being just a start. And talks about taking over the family business, putting your own mother and father out to pasture.''
''I'm sorry, Marcus. I thought I was protecting you!'' shouted out Quen, before he was quickly kicked by the thug behind him.
''Shhh,'' Damien blew in-between his finger.
''Your brother is killing people!'' Marcus raged. ''He is slaughtering people for food! Fuck your brother! He deserves to be fucking eaten alive by those he kills!''
''So, there is some fire in you after all,'' Damien noted. ''Too bad it's wasted on such foolish errands. Too bad it caused all the men I had assigned to you their deaths. We can't have division in this family, I had little choice.''
''They were our family, Damien!'' Quen got to his feet again and shouted in his face.
Damien eyed a thug who plummeted another painful smack against his head. Quen staggered, but stood tall, with blood flowing down his face and into his eyes.
''Yes, family of sorts. But the longer they're away, the further they stray. Don't worry everyone, your hands are all clean. It's your old father who has all the blood on his,'' he mocked, showing the room his palms.
''You realise that the Ravagers were going to kill your son and daughter, don't you?'' Quen didn't hesitate to say.
The thug smacked him again, and even as the blood splattered over them, he held his ground.
''Ask that mechanical monstrosity, Damien! Gem's belly had been cut open and Marcus was shot in the back. If not for the dead in this room, they would have died! Be honest! You didn't care if they survived the attack!'' Quen looked at Damien in disgust.
The thug took one last attempt, and as the horrifying crunch of breaking bone filled the room, Quen finally succumbed to that promised coma.
''See what you two have done?'' Damien carried on scolding his children, as he used another spare napkin to wipe specks of blood off his forehead. ''I gave you my finest, most loyal friend to care for you and look what you've done to him. How's he going to work for me now after this display of disobedience. Once again, you put me in these most difficult of positions.''
''It's true what he said, though?'' Marcus laughed. ''Didn't matter what happened to us. As long as a message was sent.''
''Was it sent though, is that message coming through to you? I think not.'' Damien huffed and threw the napkin into the same hole Security had broken through. ''I'm tired. You've both exhausted me. And I'm sure Raven wants to get back home by now.''
''I'm in no hurry. But thank you,'' Raven replied, presumably loving this.
''So, what now? You expect us to listen to you after this? You going to lock us up?'' Gem coughed out.
''Now? It's time for some heartfelt goodbyes. First, say your farewells to Hope, she's due at your uncle's by nightfall, and the wagons been waiting out back all day.''
Damien nodded and two of the thugs moved in and began separating Hope from Gem's embrace. There was a tussle, but no contest; despite the cries, the thugs easily peeled Hope out of Gem's protective arms. I was losing her all over again, and even despite this advanced body of mine, I was hopeless to do anything.
''Hope!'' I cried out to her, as the thugs dragged her out of the room.
She was terrified and frozen in shock. But just as she went around the corner, Hope turned her head towards me and gave me a sweet smile and winked. Then she was gone. The pain was immense. I took it out by trying to claw my fingers into Raven's eyes. He simply pulled me back and laughed at my pathetic corpse, as I angrily wobbled around inside his fingers - deluding myself that I had the power to do anything.
Marcus was left consoling his sister on the floor, or the other way around, or both - it didn't matter.
''As for you two,'' Damien contemplated, scraping his bristles. ''We should separate you out, don't you think?'' He signalled over to the last two thugs remaining in the room.
Marcus and Gem tried to hold on together, but the thugs pulled them apart just as easily as they'd done with Hope. One thug stood behind each sibling and pushed them in front of their father. Gem went limp in the thug's hands and had to be held up, otherwise, she would have face-planted the carpet.
''Gem, don't be like this,'' her dad said, brushing her hair back. ''This is a picnic compared to what your mother had in mind. Just be thankful that she allowed me to deal out the punishment, this time around.''
Her head bowed, she slowly moved it up to face him, looking as though she was fighting an immense gravity to do so. Gem's watery eyes sparkled in the light, she smiled and spat at him - the saliva danced past his cheek and shot up into his ear.
''Revolting!'' he scorned.
Damien tilted his head to the side and drilled a finger into his ear to clear out the spit. He was momentarily distracted, as the thug gave Gem a harsh slap.
''No!'' Damien said in disbelief, too late to stop the heavy-handed man. ''No! We don't do that! Not ever! Understand?!''
The thug nodded like a scorned baby - a very ugly one, for that matter.
''Gem…'' Damien caressed her slap cheek. ''You'll have to thank your mother for her leniency. That's where you're off to now.''
''No,'' she said softly. ''No.''
''You have no choice, Gem.'' He pinched her sore cheek and let go. ''And while you're there healing those strange thoughts inside that messed up head of yours, you can reconcile with your sister - Raven's been healing her there.''
''He's been there too?'' she whispered.
''Of course. It has a perfect workshop for him. But you'll see that soon enough. I'm sure he'll even be willing to give you a tour of the place when you're thinking-fit, and then you can see for yourself what he's been building for us.''
Gem spat at him again, but this time he saw it coming.
''Get this bloody llama out of here,'' he tutted, and like that she was taken out the same way as Hope.
Finally, Marcus was brought up to his father.
''I haven't the patience if you're thinking of spitting too, Marcus. By all means try it, if you want to test your father any further.''
''I'd say Gem's spat for both of us, Damien,'' he responded.
''Damien?'' He didn't have to rely on the guard this time, as his father backhanded him. ''You will be my son again, Marcus. And you will call me dad, father, or even Sir - damn it! Fortunately for you, your journey will only take you as far as your old bedroom. Best to keep a close and watchful eye on you, my son.'' He grabbed him by the collar and straightened his shirt.
''Lock him in his room,'' Damien commanded the final thug, and with a grunt, he marched Marcus out of the room.
''Matter,'' Marcus asked me, so feeble in his look. ''Be strong.'' And with that, he was gone.
The room was getting lonelier by the seconds; with me looking like Raven's beloved hand-puppet, while Security's sad corpse lay still in the tiramisu - and his two friends all but metal shavings by the windows.
Damien shook his head, as he stood staring out over Quen's bloodied body on the floor by his feet.
''What are we going to do with you, old friend?'' Damien asked himself. ''I hope you're learning from this?'' he told his son, who hadn't really moved or done anything interesting recently.
''I've learnt much, Sir,'' Seb pandered.
''I hope you're taking this all in, too. You up there, if you're still with us?'' he mocked me. ''Respect, I don't ask for much. At least one of my son's got that through their head.''
''Modesty - from the father who will raise his homestead to the ground and murder all his own people, just to prove some petty point,'' my puppet-body said.
''I murdered his men and I raised his homestead to the ground. It's my land now, Matter,'' Raven said in his cold and callous tone. ''He gave me it to do as I pleased… so, I did.''
''Trade, Matter,'' Damien began. ''You understand it, right? A Ravager sells your slut to a butcher; in return, they receive materials and weaponry - the Ravager is set and goes on his way back home. The butcher is also set, Matter. Because your slut is dismembered and sold as food to those who buy it, and whatever's leftover… is fed as slurry to the ones who are butchered next.
''I might even order her back from my brother, after she's been slaughtered, and gift you her as a food hamper. Imagine all the tastes and textures you will explore over your taste-buds with her, once she's been opened up, and I do mean that in several ways. After they've cleaned off all the cum and pubes she'll be brimming to the top with, there just might be something edible left for us.
''Think about it, Matter. Think about eating her soft pȃté over some fresh bread's melted butter. Mmmmm. Or if you don't like organs, how about a rack of her ribs? I can almost smell them being barbecued. Every single bit of her shall be consumed - I bet she's got a tender arse on her, that one.''
''If you're trying to make me hungry, the menu you're offering isn't really appetising,'' I attempted to halt this ridiculous act of Damien's.
''No? Maybe you've tasted enough of her already? You're good at keeping cool, aren't you?'' Damien hovered closer, as Raven lowered me down. ''I mean, if someone told me they were going to eat my wife, I'd kill them - I'd rip out their veins with my teeth. Anything in my power to stop it… but you? You couldn't care less.'' He squeezed my nose and wiggled it around.
''But I know you. You should be a screaming wreck, kneeling at my feet begging for me to save yours and her life… if you had any knees to lay on that is,'' he laughed, stamping his feet on my detached lower-half. ''Maybe there's a way to do that? Surely, we could make you feel pure pain again? Perhaps if… if only I knew someone who could turn that emotional switch off inside your head? Imagine the types of pain we could practice on you, Matter? Types of pain you'd never even thought were possible to feel.''
''Fortunate, is it not?'' Raven added. ''I know precisely how to turn it off,'' he ended in another typical laugh.
What was I to say to that? What could I retort back to any of this? I thought we had a chance to break this monotonous cycle of brutality, but after all we'd gone through - we just ended right back at the start again.
Raven began to prod around into the back of my skull; stabbing, peeling back layers of my mocked-up skin. Kay, who could only sit and watch as everything unfolded its rotting head - whimpered out a sad little tune. I attempted, in the most subtle way, to make sure she didn't do anything rash. 
Forget about me. I tried, I really tried to do something, to change something. Leave me with these two - let them alleviate their satisfaction over my tortured corpse. Protect the ones I couldn't. Forgive me, then forget me. That was all the power I had left, so that's what I said inside my brains; hoping that Kay could hear it - my final, miserable song - then maybe, at last, that dark embrace could consume and contain me forever.
But not in this world or in this life would I achieve that dark embrace so cleanly. Raven must have found the off switch. Pain erupted throughout what was left of me - pure, unbridled, relentless suffering - just what they wanted from me, and oh boy, were they going to receive it in buckets.
I wretched out in a painful spasm of agonising torment.
''That's more like it.'' Damien loved that. ''That really soothes me, Matter. Your unending agony. It's like a natural balm to heal this damned emotional burden that's enveloped me. Certainly, no medical professional could have prescribed me anything quite like this.
''You're afraid now, and rightly so you should be. I'm gonna carve some personality into that face of yours.'' He squeezed my cheeks and flicked his eyes up to Raven. ''Unfortunately for me, Raven got full-custody of you in our agreement. But kindly enough, he's allowed me to work on you for a bit, before you go off on your way with him. He's assured me, however, that whatever I do to you now, will seem like child's play when the time comes for Raven to have his way with you.''
Damien revealed a carving-knife from behind his back and made headway on slicing off my left ear. I couldn't contain myself and I screamed out again in a shudder of utter misery; it might not have been as horrifying if the blade hadn't been so purposefully blunted - prolonging the pain, as he ripped and tore off my ear with the surrounding skin, which pathetically tried to hold on as it peeled itself off around the side of my head.
''What's that?!'' He slapped me. ''Hear that? Sweet-music,'' he said to my ear, flopping around in his fingers.
''I… I see now where Valerie got it from,'' I couldn't help myself but say.
Raven and Damien were both tickled by that.
''Still got some inside of you?'' Damien said surprised.
''The processes I have waiting for him, Damien. Imagine being skinned, having each muscle slowly removed, and finally ending with the deboning of whatever's leftover - deconstructed inch by inch, every single capillary and nerve ending laid out on a concrete slab. And through it all, you'll be conscious, Matter. Feeling ever part of it, in a paralysed paradise,'' Raven gleefully told me, in what could only be classed as his type of excitement.
''I honestly think you are the two most unoriginal, dullest, and least inspiring things I have ever had the misery of being placed around,'' I said defiantly, in one last hopeless, feeble attempt at pissing these two off. ''I actually think watching Valerie's lover stab a dagger through his head was way more eventful than this… you two deserve each other,'' I finished off, laughing desperately.
''And there it is. Your final swan-song, Matter.'' Damien spat over me. ''Valerie - my son - was intelligent, and especially charming and loving to those he cared for. He was musically gifted; piano, violin, flute, he excelled at it all… what precisely have you ever done in your meaningful life?''
I wanted to shout out, I killed your son and daughter! I wished I could have. But without that chip in my head, I was coming to terms with my future. I was petrified. And now what was left of my natural instincts in this chopped up body of mine, begged me to do whatever possible to limit the quantities of suffering heading my way. 
My instincts now had reign over my controls, and their orders were for me to keep 100% shtum - perhaps that and a showering of tears would create a stir of sympathy inside my perpetrators…? Surely, right? Or, is delusion just one of the many side-effects from torture?
''Haven't you a response to that?'' Damien continued. ''You had a simple place in this world, Matter. You were to be tormented a little and then eaten by my son. Trade, remember? The natural order in this life: You die, then go on your way to heaven or hell, and Valerie lives, continues his music, dabbles in his passions - just like it had always been for him. But you couldn't let that happen! Could you?!''
''I had nothing to do with his death!'' I screamed in one last attempt at some redemption. ''Your son's lover killed Valerie! He released us and we escaped! He's the one who did it all!''
''Maybe? But you attempted to kill my daughter, burning her body like that. And even if you didn't lay a single hand on Valerie, you were there for it. You saw it happen. You have those memories deep within you. And, Matter… you don't get to keep that! You have no right to keep that inside you. It isn't your right; it isn't your place to have that.'' Damien began carving through my last ear, and predictably I screamed.
He tossed the ear over to Kay. And then went to work carving a masterpiece out of my body; he gauged out my nipples, ripped out the skin, clawed off chunks of flesh and threw it aimlessly behind his back. I felt every bit of the immeasurable suffering - I was crying, I was pleading now - and that humour which I'd always fallen back on, what had always kept me going through the darkest of nights - it had abandoned me.
Damien paused for a moment, sweating and breathing deeply, taking good note of what he'd done to me thus far.
''This is more like it. How are we doing in there, Matter?'' He rubbed his grimy hands over my face, and tightly held onto my nose. ''Can you still hear me in there? Want me to finish? Had enough?''
I nodded my head faster than any head-banger, pleading that it would stop.
''Too bad.'' He grounded the blade deeply into the side of my nose and scooped it out like he was unrooting a root-bound plant.
Kay whimpered loudly. Pawing at Damien's leg. He looked down at her, grabbed the snout and bashed her over the head with the blunt knife's handle. He came straight back for me and sawed into my chin.
''How much more can I take?'' he asked Raven, as he began sliding my jaw from side to side.
''As much as you want. I can always build him back up and remove it all over again. Just leave the brain intact.''
''You hear that?'' said Damien's pleasured face. ''Will you be the first to live an eternal hell? I think so.'' He rammed the blade into my jaw's joint and hammered it in. ''I have a task for you, Matter. For your only chance of an achievable death. Hear me out here. When you bring Valerie back from the dead and undo the damage done to my daughter. Then. And yes… only then, will you ever achieve that freedom.
''Raven, be an absolute darling and remove this for me?''
Those razored-fingers came down over me and ripped out my entire jaw. Any point me further explaining how much it hurt and the details? I'm supposed to be entertaining you. All I can say is it hurt, I quickly succumbed into unconsciousness, but Raven kindly and quickly rebooted me back into life and reunited me with that welcoming agony. 
''How you doing, Matter?'' Damien asked.
I didn't respond, and couldn't really. Jaw gone, I could only stare with crying eyes, as my long tongue dangled out of my exposed throat hole and licked against my Adam's apple.
''Taste good does it?'' he wondered, feigning concern.
Kay barked aggressively. Damien reacted by casually walking up to her and firmly placing a boot underneath her ribs. 
''I like your dog, Matter. Loyal. I'll try not to kill it. But I'm holding no promises.'' He finished by digging his nails into my right eyeball, slowly inserting his fingers inside and around my eye. 
Now, as if I hadn't already thought about it, I pleaded for death. I begged them all over again for it. But they simply ignored me.
''Hurts, doesn't it? I'm not surprised. Glad I'm me and you're you.'' He twisted, ripped, and tore it out. ''Open up now,'' he giggled. ''Silly me, we made you permanently open, did we not?'' he thought to remind me, dropping the eye down my gullet - I choked and gasped as it passed through, disappearing inside.
''What now?'' Damien pondered, adding a few more gashes and slices to my torso, like an artist splashing paint over a canvas for inspiration. ''Wondered what it was like to ever have your arm pulled out from its socket, Matter? Shall we do that? You tell me?''
I rocked my head from side to side - shaking, fitting. Now even praying for this to end - I'd never been religious - but now I was converted.
''Can I get a sorry Sir? Sorry Sir, can you do that for me?'' he said, tickling me under the armpit.
''Schl-schlo-schloor-shloo… rreee,'' was the best I could gurgle out.
He huffed and looked at me like a disappointed father. ''Matter, Matter. Don't look so sad. This is only the start of your journey. I've been really easy on you today. I'm not even gonna take your arm, or let Seb have his way with you.'' He pointed to his son, who looked like he was about to pass out. 
''So, you can thank me for that…'' He waited. ''Say thank you.''
''Hhh…hann…uuuuu,'' I tried.
''It will do, it will do, Matter.'' He threw the knife at Kay, sticking in the ground just shy from penetrating a paw, and sat back down in his seat, panting from all the work he'd done to me.
''Ready to come with me, Matter? I'm taking you home. To have some fun - my tools can wait to get ever so intimate with you,'' Raven told me.
I nodded in agreement. Nodded in absolute, unyielding gratitude for the kindness of my keepers for allowing me with a break in my punishment.
''Enjoy, Raven. And make sure to keep his taste buds ready for Hope's meat. There's a bit of tenderising for us to do with her first. You hear that, Matter?'' Damien - my master - let me know. ''You got off lightly today. I shouldn't have just let Hope go like that, should I? I should have had here sprawled out on the table, as you watched those closest to me rape her over and over again. Damn it!'' He smacked his thighs. 
''I messed up on that. Don't worry mind you. Can you guess what type of welcome package my brother has devised for Hope's return?'' He began to giggle like an unloved child. ''Guess! Go on, Matter! Guess!''
I said absolutely nothing.
''And there we go. There goes that light in your eye. Purely and simply diminished,'' Damien whispered to me, happier than ever.
''Extinguished, Damien,'' Raven told. ''Didn't take much to decant it out, did it now?''

And that's it. My happy tale of misery in this new world. Damien and Raven finished up with some business talk, and my torso was impaled on an improvised spike, which erected itself up from Raven's shoulder; I was now simply a piece of garment, adorning my metal-lord.
I'd lost Hope again. Security was dead in a table. Marcus and Gem had reverted back to kids. Quen was sleeping. And I was wobbling about, as Raven walked down a path - accompanied by mechanical things I had never seen before, as he took me back to his humble abode, where I'd be spending an eternity in agonising torment for my sins. How lovely.


Over for now.



Thank you for making it all the way here, and taking the time to read this book.
If you did enjoy it or would like to leave a comment then please do write a review.

I also have some other books, if you fancy reading something less brutal:

*Ingenium.

*Golden Boy.

Both can be download for free on Smashwords, or on Kindle.

Thanks again, and enjoy yourselves.

  




 
 





















 
 



 

  




















 





  

 




