



FREEDOM
(Vol. 1)
Legends

By
Stephen Arseneault



Published By:
 Stephen Arseneault

Copyright © 2017-2018 Stephen Arseneault

“Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.”
—Abraham Lincoln

View the author's website at
www.arsenex.com
Visit the author's Facebook page at www.facebook.com/stephenarseneault10
Follow on Twitter @SteveArseneault
Ask a question or leave a comment at
comments@arsenex.com

Image on cover from www.markusvogt.eu

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used, reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system, without the written permission of the publisher, except where permitted by law, or in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places, events, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Novels written by Stephen Arseneault

SODIUM Series (six novels)

A six-book series that takes Man from his first encounter with aliens all the way to a fight for our all-out survival. Do we have what it takes to rule the galaxy?

AMP Series (eight novels)

Cast a thousand years into the future beyond SODIUM. This eight-book series chronicles the struggles of Don Grange, a simple package deliveryman, who is thrust into an unimaginable role in the fight against our enemies. Can we win peace and freedom after a thousand years of war?

OMEGA Series (eight novels)

Cast two thousand years into the future beyond AMP. The Alliance is crumbling. When corruption and politics threaten to throw the allied galaxies into chaos, Knog Beutcher gets caught in the middle. Follow along as our hero is thrust into roles that he never expected nor sought. Espionage, intrigue, political assassinations, rebellions and full-on revolutions, they are all coming to Knog Beutcher's world!

HADRON Series (eight novels)

HADRON is a modern day story unrelated to the SODIUM-AMP-OMEGA trilogy series. After scientists using the Large Hadron Collider discover dark matter, the world is plunged into chaos. Massive waves of electromagnetic interference take out all grid power and forms of communication the world over. Cities go dark, food and water supplies are quickly used up, and marauders rule the highways. Months after the mayhem begins, and after mass starvation has taken its toll, a benevolent alien species arrives from the stars. Only, are they really so benevolent? Find out in HADRON as Man faces his first real challenge to his dominance of Earth!

ARMS Series (eight novels)

ARMS is cast in one possible future, where Earth was nearing an apocalyptic event. Two competing colony ships were built, taking five million inhabitants each through a wormhole to a pair of newly discovered planets. The planets were settled and not long after the colonies looked to the surrounding star systems for ownership and expansion, which led to a centuries-long war between them. A truce was declared after the aggressor side began to lose ground.
Tawnish Freely and Harris Gruberg are genetically engineered Biomarines. Their lives have been dedicated to fighting the war. With a truce declared, they find themselves struggling to find work among a population that fears them. Work is found only by delving into the delivery of illegal arms to the outer colonies. Things go awry when they discover their illicit dealings may just be the catalyst that brings back the Great War. They are determined to prevent that from happening.

FREEDOM Series (six novels)

After a period of domination over the lesser alien species of the galaxy, humanity finds itself enslaved for nearly five hundred generations. A highly addictive drug called Shackle has made Humans little more than worker drones. They are abused, sold, traded, and hunted, valued only in credits. But a mysterious virus is sweeping through the Human population, altering gut bacteria, making them immune to the drug that subjugates them. Humans are becoming aware of their condition. They will fight for their freedom.

QUANTUM Series (eleven novels)

A lifetime lived in under a minute...
Impossible, everyone thought.
Until now.
An Opamari scientist has found a way. By cloning a subject and sending the clone back in time, the subject can live the clone's entire life in less than a minute of sleep.
But all actions have consequences. Playing with the past can be disastrous for the present.
When a ruthless tycoon steals the technology, the future of the galaxy is at risk. Will humans, after being slaughtered by the Opamari more than 50,000 years before, be resurrected by the tycoon's actions?
If you love science fiction intertwined with time travel and historical fiction, the Quantum saga will keep you burning through the pages late into the night!

Find them all at www.arsenex.com


Chapter   1
_______________________

Planet Caloran A.D. 12,416...
“Never met an alien I liked,” Jamus Turnbull said as he spat on the dry earth. “Fly 'em all straight into a star for all I care.” The hoe he swung tossed off a swirl of dust before cutting deep under another piece of parched sod.
As the ground began to shake and a rumble was heard, Jamus and the others briefly stopped and raised up. They watched as a distant freighter lifted off. With hoppers no doubt filled with last season's grain from the silos, it was heading toward the heavens and the rest of the Empire.
Jamus removed his Gilligan-style hat, the same hat worn in the fields by all the workers, its rim stained yellow and brown from sweat, the same sweat he now wiped from his brow. The harsh sun glistened off the top of his balding head, his sand-colored hair now only covered its sides and back. The developing lines on his face gave him jowls and showed his age.  He was fifty-seven. An age when many Humans were sent to the games because of lower productivity. Jamus always made certain he wouldn't be one of them. 
“Master Hallik hasn't been all bad,” Daniel Pike, the worker standing next to him replied. “We've had worse.”
Jamus scoffed. “You back on the Smudge or what?”
The dirt-faced youth scratched the tip of his nose with his sleeve before taking another swing. “No. Been two seasons now. You know I don't need it.”
A dry clod of dirt was pulled up and flipped over. “Why would you like Hallik?” Jamus questioned with a scowl. “He's just another watcher like the rest of 'em. They all think they're superior to us. Well, I've got news for 'em, we ain't half-awake anymore. And mark my words... we're gonna make 'em pay one day. Humans will rise up.” Jamus spat again. The sandy-brown, ultra-dry soil eagerly soaked up the spittle. “One day Humans will be running this cesspool of a galaxy and all the high-and-mighty will be swinging these tools instead of us.”
Daniel glanced around with concern. “If you gotta be saying that, whisper. Everyone else here is still hooked.”
On the midsize agri-planet they worked, their farm was one of thousands just like it. Twelve million Human slaves toiled in the fields under the supervision of Hallik, the overseer of Caloran and parts of two other colonies of Betuaon. The Betuaon State, a collection of fourteen inhabited worlds, boasted more than a half billion Human workers... all addicted to the drug called Shackle.
Known as Smudge to Humans for its obvious side effects, Shackle was a highly addictive substance that had turned all of humanity, both young and old, into little more than drone workers. Aside from a basic education that was given to all, ending at the age of ten empire-standard years, their lives were nothing but work.
For five hundred generations, Humans had been considered the lowest form of sentient life in the Realm of the Markux Empire. That had been the circumstance since the Human fleet had been betrayed and seized at the battle of Galos IV. It was an event that moved Man into abject slavery and eventually Shackle dependence.
Five hundred generations had been born into an existence where their lives were traded for a handful of credits or the odd favor. They were hunted for sport and often worked to death. Shackle was cheap and plentiful, not affecting the other species of the Realm. The cravings that came from being on the “Smudge” had been more than enough to keep the slaves in line and working. And as a bonus, it left all Humans with muted emotional responses, they just didn't seem to care.
But a mysterious virus was showing up in the Human populations, and though painful, and sometimes deadly, a byproduct of the infection was the alteration of a bacteria in the Human digestive tract. Once the infection had subsided, the altered bacteria served to neutralize the addictive effects of Shackle, leaving the workers aware of their prior condition. With that awareness came intelligent thought, and a yearning to once again be masters of themselves.
A flock of har-crows scattered as the shift-horn blew. Jamus, Daniel, and the others turned for the mud, stick, and thatch shanty village they called home. Jamus again wiped his brow and took a swig from his canteen, swishing it in his mouth as they walked.
He spat it on the dusty ground. “Rains are ten days overdue now. If they don't start soon, this planting will fail.”
Daniel glanced around at the horizon. “I overheard it's the same on all eight continents. I still don't get why they don't let us dam up that river and irrigate from it.”
Jamus grabbed his arm and whispered. “First off, we're not supposed to be smart enough to think of that. Second, they fear it will somehow affect fish stocks or something. Hallik was discussing that with one of his toadies last time they were here. Regardless, this season goes bad, they'll move us. Not that this is any paradise, but the farms are a much better option than the mines. They put you in on a new pay-streak and you aren't likely to ever see daylight again.”
“You ever been in a mine?”
“Once.” Jamus scowled. “Was on a crew that came in to finish out a run of coal on Gatumon II. Half the current crew of eight thousand were dead from an explosion and cave-in. Our farm was under-performing, so they took us. We had to dig the dead free and haul out the bodies. A quarter of the new crew perished by the time we finished that vein. Didn't much matter to those miners though. They were all smudgers. They just did as they were told and moved on.”
“Other than us, how many others have you come across who were immune?”
“Two.” Jamus sighed and looked at the ground as he walked. “I could tell they were aware, but neither one would admit it. Both lived in fear of being noticed by a watcher. I think Martin may be with us. He had that black virus. He's been acting strange lately.”
As the group walked the two kilometers across the fields in a southerly direction, a hover drone circled in from the east. The low-frequency vibration from its gravity-wave generator reverberated through their bodies as it took position just above them. The workers continued to trudge across the dusty soil toward their huts, as if unknowing or uncaring about the alien craft. Several minutes of observance with nothing unusual saw the drone speeding off toward a village to the west.
In the distance, the shift-horn from the next farm could be heard, sounding five minutes behind the horn of their Caloran farm, designated DOA2456.

*****

Jamus stood over a wooden sink as Daniel cranked up and down on a pump handle. The cool water from eighty meters below splashed over his head and rinsed through his hair, the waste water and dirt of the day spiraled down the drain to be captured in a gray-water cistern outside. The water would be used to hydrate the handful of gerrus-pigs Hallik had bestowed on his workers after the prior season's harvest had gone well.
Since conquering the addiction, Jamus had also become aware of how filthy the Humans surrounding him in the fields were. Every surface and crevice of his body was now scrubbed as well as could be done. He donned a set of hut-clothes once the wash was complete. Daniel followed, as Jamus returned the favor of working the pump.
After dressing, they left the wash-hut and returned to their hovel. As Daniel sat on a chair at their meager, two-person table, Jamus turned to see a scowling Martin Gecka standing in the doorway. 
Jamus, the more seasoned farmer, moved closer, peering out the door behind the visitor before gesturing with his head for him to come inside. “You don't have the cravings anymore. I can see it in your eyes.”
Martin was a big man, standing a full head above Jamus. The hard muscles on his arms jutted from the tattered shirt he had worn out in the fields. His well-tanned, dust-covered skin looked tougher than leather, giving him both an intimidating and ultra-rugged appearance.
“I've been noticing things lately.”
“Things?” Jamus tilted his head to the side as he asked.
“The two of you talk as you work. The rest are quiet.”
“We can all talk. Our parents talked. Everyone in this village talks.”
Martin slowly shook his head. “Not like the two of you.” The monster of a man glanced over his shoulder toward the dining hut. “The rest of them are lining up at the barrel full of pills for their daily allotment of Smudge. You two don't seem interested. Neither am I. And I suspect you know something as to why.”
Jamus pointed to the empty chair as he took a seat on the end of his single bed. “Have a seat. You're like us now, Martin. We're immune to the effects of that drug. We can see and understand where we are and what we're doing. And you can't reveal this to anyone else. The Betuaons will hurry us off for dissection and study.”
“And how would you know this?”
“Hallik and his staff talk freely when they're around us. How long have you been aware?”
“Most of this past season. It happened after an illness. You?”
“Yes. The gut virus. For me it's been twelve seasons now. Daniel has been aware for two. And as I said, we must keep this secret. Our lives depend on it. Have you noticed the different behavior in anyone else?”
“The Bachran girl, Greta. And her sister. And Dester Marr has gone strangely silent around the dinner fire of late. After his Smudge, he has always been one to run his mouth.”
Jamus nodded. “He was sick a few weeks ago. He may just now be turning. Don't trust him. Old habits die hard, and in his confused state he may be eager to trade knowledge of us for favors. It would of course mean his own death as well, but he wouldn't be of mind to realize that.”
“You seem to know a lot. Maybe too much.”
“Twelve seasons of watching and listening. How long have the Bachran girls displayed these symptoms?”
“All this season, just like me.”
Jamus sighed. “We must be extremely careful, but we need to bring them into this group. We need to bring everyone who is now seeing into this group. We can't risk a single discovery, or nosing around by the Betuaons will follow. Do you feel confident enough to approach them? The girls? They're both of breeding age, and you have yet to take a wife.”
Daniel volunteered. “I could talk to them.”
Jamus smirked. “You're too young. The others might find that request strange. The younger Bachran, Kerena, is three cycles your senior. Martin is of the right age for either.”
The thatch and mud hut shook as gravity waves from a dozen converging drones pushed down on it. The constant hum of the overseer's ship followed as it settled on the ground outside. A swirl of dust came through the hut doorway. Jamus, Daniel, and Martin moved to the opening just in time to see Hallik calmly walking down a ramp with a wry smile on his alien face.

*****

The three Humans stood in the opening with nervous stares. Was this it? Had they been caught? What behavior had given them away? Had the master come to take them for dissection? Morbid thoughts screamed through their heads.
Hallik walked up to Jamus, looking directly at the chest of the much taller Human for several seconds before raising his eyes with a grin. “Hmm. You... Jamus Turnbull... you will come with me, as will your two friends here.”
“What have we done, Master?”
Hallik turned, looking over his shoulder as he walked back to the ramp, two armed guards at his sides. “You may drop the charade, Mr. Turnbull. I know you're immune. I've been watching you for some time. Klatic, bring the Bachran girls and that oaf Dester Marr.”
Jamus stopped as he stepped onto the ramp, the urge in his head was to run, but there was nowhere he could go and not be found. “Where are you taking us?”
Hallik smiled. “Ah, the magic question. A question only the aware would ask. You will have to practice your... smudginess, Mr. Turnbull. If one knows the signs, you are not difficult to detect. Since you seem compelled to be noticed, perhaps you should all wear red shirts so you will stand out more from the others.”
“I've done well enough concealing it. How long have you known? About me that is?”
Your behavior came to my attention six years ago in the mines of Gatumon. You placed a cloth over your mouth while working. An action that is encouraged in every mine, but rarely seen. Since that time I've noted your obsession with hygiene. The other Humans rarely bathe. You and Mr. Pike bathe on a daily basis.”
Jamus smacked his own forehead. “Baths... can't sleep when I'm dirty. And I didn't want that dust from the mines in my lungs. So why is it you waited until now to grab me?”
“That caring about your health and cleanliness, that intelligent thought, it's what first drew my attention. I must commend you, for other than those transgressions I would not have been able to distinguish your work or efforts from the others. You are indeed good at hiding it. As is Mr. Pike here, since you've taken him under your wing. With the others I was able to spot them through their recent behavior. As to the wait... I was in need of time to find a use for each of you. I now have one.”
Hallik followed the threesome up the ramp before opening a door and gesturing for them to enter a room. Padded benches lined three walls.
“Please, have a seat. When the others arrive, we will have much to discuss.”
Hallik and his armed assistants exited the room.
Martin Gecka looked at Jamus. “What have you done to us?”
The veteran farmer scowled. “Me? I haven't done anything. This is all new to me too. I've worked hard at keeping my head down. And all for what, so I could grind out a few more years of hard life as a farmer? I'm thinking now maybe I should have volunteered for the dissection years ago.”
Daniel said, “You don't mean that. If you don't have hope, who of us does? Or should?”
Jamus Turnbull set his forehead in his hand, his elbow propped on his leg. The door opened and the other three aware farmers were pushed inside.
“Wait here. The master will be with you in a moment.”
The girls sat as Dester Marr paced. “What is this? What is happening?”
Martin stood directly in his path with a scowl. “Sit and shut your mouth.”
Dester returned a scowl of his own, sitting on a bench by himself. The Bachran girls took a seat next to Daniel, the least intimidating figure in the room.
Daniel nodded and smiled. “Hello.”
The girls remained silent.
Hallik reentered the room, a grin on his face. Jamus let out a sigh as his mind envisioned a half dozen Empire doctors cutting into his body with blades. Martin raised a chin in defiance. Dester Marr scowled. The Bachran girls and Daniel returned worried looks.
“Perfect!” Hallik clasped his hands together. “My new team of Human conspirators.”
Jamus raised his head. “What?”
“The six of you, you are now my intelligent and cunning Human team. I have big plans for the lot of you. You cooperate and there will be perks. You cause trouble or disobey and there will be death, or torture, or torture and death. Now that you're aware, I'll let you decide.” Hallik's expression turned into a coy smile.
“What exactly are you expecting of us?”
The overseer's smile turned into a wide grin, wider than normal for a Brekan. “You will be my spies! The eyes and ears of Hallik!”
“Spies?”
“Yes. Have any of you ever worked in a factory?”
Dester slowly raised a hand. “Been twenty cycles, but I done it way back. Ran a machine stamping metal plates. Got replaced by a machine and was sold off to you for farming.”
“Perfect. You will be my factory worker. An associate of mine, Pilor, owns a mill that is in competition with one I operate. His product is superior even though it appears we use the same suppliers, and the same contents with the same proportions. You will be rented to Pilor—through a third party of course—for work in his factory. You will be my eyes and ears. The rest of you will be Mr. Marr's planners. You will question the information he returns daily and will determine what exactly Pilor's advantage is.”
“You want us to report on another master?” Jamus asked. “And why so many of us?”
“If this venture proves successful, I foresee this group taking on more tasks.” Hallik leaned in with a stern expression. “And it will be successful, right, Mr. Turnbull?” His expression again turned to a smile.
Hallik began to pace the room with his hands clasped behind his back. “Future assignments may require a young girl or boy, or perhaps muscle like our friend Martin here. You see, I have many competitors in a variety of industries and trades. You will be my great equalizers, as I said, my eyes and ears. And the more successful you are, the greater autonomy you will acquire, and the more perks you will receive.”
Dester said, “We don't know the first thing about being spies.”
Hallik nodded. “Not to worry. You will soon be meeting with my newest employee, Bersa. She's an individual who, let's say, is on the outs with the Betuaon government. Intelligence was her tradecraft for many years. An unfortunate incident lost her favor. She will be your teacher and you her willing and eager students.”
Jamus said, “I don't get why you're doing this. I thought the Realm was all divided up and you masters had it easy. Don't you personally run several colonies?”
“Parts of, yes, and those colonies compete in trade with other colonies. The same happens between States. Bersa was previously employed by Betuaon State. The Markux Empire is a very competitive place, Mr. Turnbull. It is also very political. Spies are usually limited to managers who are of other alien persuasions, primarily the Girda. They are also very easy to detect and to turn, always giving in to the highest bidder. Humans, however… no one would suspect Humans who are addicted to Shackle of being spies. I'm almost giddy with excitement over the thought.”
Bersa entered the room. A sinister looking alien of the Girda species, she was a thin biped of modest height. The Girda had ultra-white skin, greasy black hair, and dark eyes. She cleared her throat before speaking in a raspy voice. “Good evening.” Her beady eyes surveyed the room. “You look like an average group of Humans. This will do nicely, Master Hallik. Very nicely. When can we begin training?”
Hallik smiled. “Who's the eager one? You will have them soon enough, Bersa. They have yet to even accept my offer.”
Jamus asked, “Do we have a choice?”
Hallik tilted his head to one side in jest. “I said you did. Join and live a much better quality of life than you were… or die. You seem intelligent, Mr. Turnbull. I have confidence you will make the right decision.”
Jamus leaned back on the bench he was sitting on. He was confused and apprehensive, and at the same time intrigued. A part of him wanted to fear the entire situation, but for whatever reason he didn't. “I guess I'm in then.”
Daniel Pike nodded. “I follow him.”
“Mr. Gecka? I could use a man of your muscle.”
“In.”
Hallik turned to face the Bachran sisters.
Greta nodded. “We're in.”
“And that leaves Mr. Marr. Are you prepared to become a spy for the House of Hallik?”
“What's really in it for me?”
“Life.”
Dester scowled. “Sure, why not.”
Hallik slowly walked around the room, looking each new member of his team in the face. He stopped in front of Bersa. “I believe you have your students. Training may begin whenever you are ready.”

Chapter   2
_______________________

Hallik left the room with a smile. Bersa walked in front of each volunteer, looking them over from head to toe as she contemplated future missions. The ship briefly rumbled as it lifted from the dirt of the farming compound.
“Where are we being taken?” asked Jamus.
Bersa replied, “To a specially-constructed facility in the mountains. A place far from prying eyes. You will be trained in all areas of espionage. And just so you know, should you fail at any mission, Master Hallik may choose to have you terminated. I personally have been given that decision authority as well. So remember to keep your situation in mind, there are others out there who have become immune; you are easily replaced.”
“Why us? This group?”
“Primarily because of you, Mr. Turnbull. Of Master Hallik's slaves, you have been aware the longest. As for the rest of you, you know all Humans receive a basic education as a youth. The purpose being that you will be able to perform whatever tasks are put before you. But this also means you are interchangeable. Your selection was a matter of convenience. You were all together, nothing more.”
Bersa walked to the bench where Daniel Pike was sitting. “Mr. Pike, I have the perfect mission in mind for you. It will be in a diamond mine, on Gatumon. But don't fret about the peril of the labor. You will be a food courier to the miners. The information you gather will be on methods of production, and on labor turnover. Master Hallik is interested in opening up such a venture here on Caloran. He would like to have an idea of what is required to make the mine productive and profitable. The mine you are to be placed in on Gatumon is the top diamond producer in Betuaon.”
“I don't know anything about mining.”
Bersa nodded. “As would be expected. The six of you will be fully trained before being sent out on your missions. I've been given ninety days to make this happen for the factory job of Mr. Marr. Once that is well underway, we'll be putting effort into the mining operation.”
Forty minutes later, the ship settled on a concrete pad. The door to the room opened, the group was hurried into a hall, out to the ramp, and down onto the tarmac.
A grinning Hallik stood at the top of the ramp. “Welcome to your new home. As we discussed, ninety days, Bersa. I'm expecting good things from my investment in you. See to it our missions are carried out and you will be rolling in credits.”
Hallik turned, clapping his hands twice as he looked toward his aide. “On to our next meeting, Bilg. The governor doesn't like to be kept waiting.”
The ramp rose as the Greft lifted from the tarmac. Residual gravity waves pushed gently down on the group of Humans and their trainer as the master's ship accelerated toward its next destination.
“Come,” Bersa said. “The brown building will be our quarters. Seeing as I don't care for the natural odor of Humans, you will each shower and dress yourselves with the clothing you will find in your quarters. And please, scrub hard and make use of the soaps provided. For the next ninety days at least, you will be glistening and smell of nothing but the provided soap... or you will be replaced by another.”
“What are the other buildings?” asked Jamus.
“The white is for dining, relaxing, entertainment... essentially any time that is not spent in training or asleep, which will initially be very little. The green is our training facility. We will begin in classrooms. However, as training moves forward, there will be a physical aspect to all this. You will be fit, adept at the jobs you will be doing, and trained in self-defense and self-termination.”
“Termination?”
Bersa sighed. “We cannot risk discovery, Mr. Turnbull. Should the need arise, you will be trained in using extreme measures to protect your mission. If your jobs are done well, there will be no need for use of this training.”
Dester scowled. “So our choice is get the info or die. I can't wait to get started.”
“You must understand, Mr. Marr, if suspected, or captured during commission of your efforts, interrogation will follow. You will self-terminate or we will do it for you and for the rest of your team. There can be no notion in anyone's head that Humans are being used as spies. None. It would be disastrous for you, me, and Master Hallik... all of us.”
The group proceeded into the quarters. Eighteen individual rooms equipped with private baths lined a main hallway.
Bersa opened the door to the first room. “As you can see from the nameplate, this particular room belongs to Mr. Marr. You have a bed, desk and chair, and a small table with two additional chairs. Over here is a wardrobe for the jumpsuits you will be wearing during your time here. I slept on one of these beds last night. They are quite comfortable. The private bath has a shower, sink, and commode.”
Jamus asked, “You stay in these quarters as well?”
“I do. Just down the hall.”
Dester nodded as he looked around at his assigned room. “Hmm. A bed with a real mattress. Can't say I've actually ever slept on one. Had cots my whole life.”
Bersa stepped back into the hallway. “The rest of you will find your name on a door. Enter your rooms, bath thoroughly, and dress. I will be back to collect you in one hour. You will find a disposal bag just inside your door. Make use of it for your old clothes, please. They will be collected once we leave for our dinner meal.”
Dester grinned. “Dinner meal. Sounds like we're getting treated like real aliens.”
Bersa stopped. “We are all aliens on this planet, Mr. Marr. And we are all aliens on almost every planet in this galaxy. Now, I suggest you get started on your cleanup. If I come to collect you and you are not ready, you will be dragged out in whatever condition you are in. After today, we will be keeping precise schedules. For those who are unable to follow those schedules, there will be immediate termination. Enjoy your showers. And as I said, please be thorough.”
Jamus followed Daniel to his door. “This one's yours. Go clean yourself up.”
Two doors down, Jamus entered his own room. The disposal bag was pulled open and the hut-clothes he was wearing were dropped inside. Ten paces had him standing in the bathroom, staring at the glass door going into the shower. After several seconds of observation, he opened the door and stepped inside.
Jamus scratched his head as he looked up at the shower head and down at the controls in thought. What am I supposed to do now?
He pushed a handle down, and then side to side. Nothing happened, until he flipped the handle up. Cold water emerged from the shower head in a heavy stream. Feeling the initial chill, he hopped back, and then took a timid step into the cold flow. A button on the wall beside the shower control showed an image of a hand. The button was pressed and a shot of soap squirted out onto the shower floor.
As Jamus looked down at the wad of soap, a voice came from over his head. An image of Bersa showed on a display just above the shower controls. “It's called soap, Mr. Turnbull. Place your open, but cupped hand under the outlet and press the button. Use the soap to lather yourself and thereby remove the dirt.”
“I know what soap is for.”
“The one beside it is shampoo. That is suited for creatures with hair or fur. Human heads are covered with hair. Use the shampoo as you would soap, but for your hair. And I see you are avoiding the water. Is there a reason why?”
“Yeah, it's cold.”
“Twist the handle to your right, but not all the way. The water will warm. Adjust the temperature to your liking. When complete, you will find towels for drying in the small closet there in the bathroom. And please be thorough, Mr. Turnbull. I will come to collect you shortly. As of now, I see that I have five other Humans that require instruction in bathing.”
The display turned off.
Jamus scowled. “I know how to wash myself.”
A hard scrub was in order. The warm water brought a satisfying feel. The soap worked to loosen the dirt the pump water neglected to reach in his earlier attempt at getting himself clean. Drying with a soft towel had the fifty-two-year-old slave in a chipper mood. As he dressed in the provided white jumpsuit, that moment of cheer faded. What was he being set up for? What was really about to happen? Was the spy story a ploy to keep them compliant? Were they cleaning themselves up before dissection?
A knock on the door startled him back to the here and now. “Mr. Turnbull, come. Dinner is waiting.”
Jamus entered the hall with his disposal bag in hand.
Bersa rolled her beady eyes. “Please, Mr. Turnbull, place the bag on the floor. It will be collected while we eat.”
A Human slave entered the hall at the other end, walking into the far room and collecting the disposal bag of Martin Gecka.
Jamus returned a look of concern. “Wait... we have slaves?”
Bersa replied, “Menial tasks will be taken care of by workers. Those tasks are no longer your concern. Your focus will be on learning the skills needed for the mission to be performed and nothing more.”
Dester Marr slowly nodded his head. “Never thought I'd have my own slave boy.”
Martin moved close with an angry look and a clinched fist.
“What? You want to intimidate me? Careful, big man, I'll punch you in the marbles. I've been in a scrap or two during my day.”
Bersa stepped between them. “Do I have to remind you of the termination clauses of both your agreements?”
Dester huffed as he stepped back with a scowl. “Nobody pushes Marr around. You keep your space or you'll pay the price.”
A short walk had the group entering the white building and the dining hall. A half-dozen tables that would seat four persons each were centered in an open space. A Human cook, a smudger, stood behind a counter at a small buffet bar with a slight smile on his face and an empty gaze.
“On your left we have a lounge area. If you achieve goals, as a group, you may be rewarded with lounge time. I don't expect that to happen during the first half of your training. In the back you will notice the pool of water. You will each be learning how to swim. As of yet that skill is not required, but it may come in handy in the future. You will each be spending at least one hour per day in the pool.
“To the right is a study area. Terminals will be used to read up on information. Who here is practiced with the Markux alphabet and reading? Beyond the basic education you were all given?”
Dester Marr raised his hand as the others stared. “What? Had to learn it for the factory work. You were expected to understand both the design and order displays. Not to mention reading manuals for machine maintenance. Those things didn't fix themselves.”
Jamus withheld his hand, wanting to keep the knowledge of his abilities to himself. Had his hut been heavily searched, a small stack of writing would have been found.
Bersa nodded. “Mr. Marr, you will be my assistant for that particular portion of our training.”
Dester grinned. “And what do I get for that?”
“You get to live.”
The grin returned to his normal scowl.
Martin released a single smirk.
“Now, on to the dining. You will be given thirty minutes to consume your food during each dining period. There are four per day. Your weight will be monitored along with the remainder of your health. You will be given fitness goals to achieve and you will be expected to achieve those goals within the timeframes allotted to you.”
Bersa walked closer to the buffet bar. “You will take a plate and utensils. You will select the food items you wish to consume. You will carry your food to a table. And you will move over here for a beverage before returning to eat. When finished with your meal this evening, you are free to roam about the lounge, take a dip in the pool, or peruse the knowledge available on the terminals. You will have two hours of free time before returning to your quarters. Tomorrow, before sun-up, your full training will begin.”
The former Girda spy turned and walked toward a door. As she approached, an automatic lock could be heard as it clicked. The door opened, Bersa walked through, stopping briefly as she looked over her shoulder. “Thirty minutes. I suggest you eat well. The buffet contents will be restricted during future meals.”
Dester was the first to hurry over to grab a plate. “Starved. Ooh. That looks good. What is that?”
The buffet slave, with a blank look in his eyes, replied, “Gallot ribs.”
“And that?”
“Mangolan sausage.”
“And this one?”
Jamus stepped up. “Just fill your plate. We're all on a clock.”
“Fangule brains.”
Dester grabbed a ladle and dished out a healthy portion of fangule. “Brains. Gotta make me smarter, right?”
Martin gave a single smirk. “Do you know what fangule is?”
“It's the stuff that's gonna make me smarter.”
“It's the vermin that feed on our trash piles.”
Dester gave a perturbed look as he reached past Jamus with tongs for a pair of Gallot ribs. “Mind your own business, idiot. The fangule are already smarter than you.”
Plates were filled and beverages selected. Martin took a chair at a table with Greta and Kerena. Dester sat by himself, facing away from the remainder of the group. Jamus sat across from the elder Human, gesturing for Daniel to join the others.
Dester scowled at the intrusion. “What do you want?”
“I want us to all be a team. You're making enemies where enemies aren't allowed, or needed. You keep trying to push Martin's buttons and he's either going to snap you in half or Hallik will have you dissected for causing dissension. I know you don't like the sound of this, but from here on out we have to function as one. If someone has a problem, we all have a problem.”
Dester huffed. “Either move or shut up and eat. You're wasting your breath and wasting my time.”
Jamus sighed and glanced about the room before hurrying through his meal. A second plate was filled and eaten before Bersa returned to the dining hall.
“You have two hours to lounge about or do whatever. Please do not attempt to leave the confines of the building.”
Dester asked, “You aliens all have a single name. Why is that?”
“I've always wondered why Humans have two. We are all individuals. What purpose is had by keeping a last name?”
“Tells us where we came from.”
“And what purpose does that serve? Are you not unique from those who birthed you? Do you not live and breathe on your own? Is your entire life not separate from theirs?”
“We just like knowing where we came from, that's all. And it makes us easier to identify. How many Bersas are there out there? Does nobody get confused when making reference to you if there's another Bersa around?”
“We are each given a numeric sub-name at birth. I am Bersa-45221. It is a system much like the numeric tattoos you each have on your shoulders and forearms. No further identification is needed.”
The group glanced down at their identifiers.
Bersa pointed toward a clock. “A time unit is on each wall of this facility. There is one in each of your quarters. There is also a unit in each room of the training building. If given a time, you are expected to adhere to whatever schedule it relates to. I know you will become tired of hearing this, but if any one of you fails, you all may be held responsible. Master Hallik may decide to end this entire experiment at any time.”
Bersa turned and walked to the exit. Dester immediately moved to the lounge area, taking a seat on a plush leather chair.
He commented as he sunk deep within, “Oh… now this is how we should have been living. Alien seating. I could sleep in this. They want me on their team... living in comfort like this will do it.”
Jamus stood over the back of his chair. “Don't be so eager. We don't yet really know what's actually being asked of us.”
“I know exactly what's being asked. Hallik wants the dirt on his competitors. So long as he wants to keep me in this life, I'll give him what he wants... and more.”
“Sounds like you're easily bought.”
Dester looked over at the others, who were checking the comfort of some of the other chairs. “Listen... you hear that? Sounds like the squeaking one of those little fangule garbage eaters make. Sounds a lot like your voice. Now get away from me. This is my time to lounge, not yours.”
Jamus let out a deep sigh. “We're all in this together, Mr. Marr.”
The old man turned. “You got a problem with understanding? Go away. Mind your own business. You're cutting into my two hours.”
Jamus shook his head as he turned to follow Martin to the edge of the pool.
The big man looked over the bright blue bay as underwater lights gave off a welcoming glow. “What is the purpose of this... pool?”
Jamus chuckled. “You swim in it. You ever been near a river, lake, or pond? You do know you can't breathe underwater, right? Your mother never bathe you in a tub when you were younger?”
“I never knew my mother,” said Martin. “Or father. I was sold just after birth and moved from farm to farm until I was six. I've been working ever since.”
“Working usually doesn't start until ten. What work were you assigned?”
“Field work. Just as we were doing earlier today.”
“They don't put kids out there until they're at least ten. You have water duty?”
“I worked the hoe. I planted. I harvested. All the duties we are required to perform today.”
“That's harsh. You at least have a family that cared for you?”
Martin turned toward Dester with a scowl. “I shared a hut with a man much like him. Rash. Coarse. Unpleasant in his ways. I took many a beating until I was eleven.”
“What happened at eleven?”
Martin turned with a slight grin. “I was as big and as strong as my tormentor. His jaw was broken. He was sent away for not working.”
“Where to?”
The smile on Martin’s face widened. “The mines on Gatumon.”

Chapter   3
_______________________

After a night's sleep in the new quarters, the group was rousted before the sun began to rise. A quick breakfast in the dining hall was followed by an introduction to the training building. Two hours of reeducation on the Markux alphabet was followed by an hour of swim training in the pool.
Dester Marr cackled as Martin sank to the bottom of the deep end after being told to jump in. “Like a rock! Now just let him rot for five minutes and we're done with him.”
Jamus jumped in with a rope as Daniel and the girls held the other end. The much larger Human was pulled to the shallows, where he could stand on his own.
Bersa nodded. “Good. You at least had instinct enough to not panic and to hold your breath. Now the real lessons can begin.”
The first ten days of instruction passed quickly. Bersa was satisfied with the progress of the team and rewarded their efforts with one hour of free time in the white building. Dester Marr walked into the dining hall in search of a snack while Martin jumped in the pool. His head would disappear under the water of the shallow end for two minutes at a time.
Jamus sat on the couches with the Bachran girls, with Bersa taking a seat across from them. “Bersa, our legends speak of a Human alphabet. Is it different from the Markux?”
“I'm certain you have heard stories passed down by your elders. One such story tells of the Human race not being slaves, but instead a powerful species. And maybe tales of it being a most powerful civilization.”
“We've all heard those legends.”
Bersa leaned forward. “Had you ever thought they may actually be true?”
Greta said, “My mother, when her mind was clear, just before taking her Smudge every night, used to talk endlessly about it.”
Kerena added, “We heard hundreds of stories. A great military fleet. An era of prosperity and power. And then of the great betrayal.”
Bersa smiled. “Yes. The event that supposedly ended it all. Did you believe those stories to be true?”
“I wanted them to be true. But look around. We aren't powerful. We have no fleet. We're bought and sold for a handful of credits. This is what we know to be true.”
Jamus leaned back, crossing his arms. “What do you know of these stories? I'm curious as to what the Girda know and talk about.”
“Gather Martin from the pool. I will give you all something to think hard about. You can choose to believe it or not.”
The big Human was helped from the water and given several towels with which to dry. A complaining Dester Marr sat in his claimed lounge chair with a scowl on his face, having been bothered while having a snack. Bersa lifted her chin in the air, her beady eyes scanning the faces of the Humans before her.
“Well?” asked Jamus.
The alien instructor began to pace. “This is the history of Humans as we were taught throughout our educations. When first found, there was a pocket of Humans, an elite group, who had created an alphabet, built machinery, and even had devices that could carry a man through the air. This elite group was greedy, not sharing their information with others because they felt the others lacked the intelligence to understand their knowledge…”
Jamus returned a half scowl. “You have a typical group of Humans here. We're able to learn.”
“Yes. Well, when the Brekan, Master Hallik's people, arrived at your planet, they were said to have studied this pocket of Humans and many of their... creations.”
“That doesn't make sense. So we weren't always slaves? What happened to the elites?”
“Humans were determined to be violent. The elites were taken away for study, and the drug, Shackle, was developed to calm those who remained. Your ancestors, in their primitive and ignorant state, were troublesome. To this day it is understood that occasionally Humans of extraordinary intelligence are born. Shackle has allowed them to become useful to the empire. And it was said to have quelled the violent behavior in the others. Without it, the other Humans would have remained unruly and violent, and assuredly would have been done away with, just like your elites.”
Jamus tilted his head. “Wait... we're off the drug. And we aren't violent. Except for maybe Dester over there.”
Bersa returned a pursed smile. “Yes. An astute observation. An observation each of you is fully capable of. The story I just told you is what every Markux citizen is taught from an early age. Humans are only useful when on Shackle. They otherwise become dangerous and violent. And anyone caught denying them their... smudginess... is subject to immediate termination. The laws are very strict on this.”
“So you and Master Hallik are breaking the laws of the empire by having us here and not having us on the drug. Good to know.”
Bersa cleared her throat. “As I said, that tale is the story every Markux citizen is taught. The real story closely resembles your legends.”
Six confused stares were returned.
Bersa took in a deep breath. “Humans... were the dominant species of the galaxy.” Bersa gestured toward the Humans in front of her. “Your fleet was powerful. You were powerful. And you were highly intelligent. Your creation of the Markux Jump Drive led to interstellar travel and the discovery of the five other species that make up the empire.
“It was our species, non-Humans, who were weak and ignorant. Your ancestors, benevolent as they were, saw to it we were educated and trained. For a thousand years your people ruled over us. They taught us. They cared for and nurtured us. And they were just. And they were powerful.
“The Markux alphabet, and the other indicators of intelligence, didn't come about from the non-Human species. They happened because your people decided our people should be educated.
“For those thousand years, your influence was spread through the five species, building a wealthy, and powerful, and just... empire. But some of our people felt the need to usurp that power. Our numbers were greater than those of the Humans, so the reasoning was that we should be in charge. That reasoning led to the great betrayal.”
Dester shook his head. “Sounds like malarkey. Humans couldn't create any of this.”
Bersa took in a deep breath before letting it out slowly. “Humans created all of this. Your scientists and engineers made starship travel possible. Their accomplishments and deeds made the empire possible. We are all here today, as aliens, because of what they did nearly ten thousand years ago.”
“And then you betrayed us…” said Jamus.
Bersa shook her head. “No. The great betrayal is actually known as the Great Betrayer. One of your Humans, working with Brekan spies, led the Brekan on a raid that captured your fleet, and then used that fleet to subjugate your people.
“Billions of Humans were killed, and those who remained were placed on Shackle. For five hundred generations you have been the slaves to the other five sentient species of the Markux Empire. An empire, by the way, that was named after the creator of the Jump Drive: Nathaniel Markux. A Human scientist.”
Jamus stood with a troubled look. He slowly paced back and forth in front of the couch where he and the Bachran girls had been sitting. “And why would you be telling us this?”
“My job here is to build a team. That team needs to be unified. Giving you history, faith, and belief in yourselves, serves to accomplish that goal. You will not relay anything I just told you to other Humans. And in return I will educate you on what being a Human is... or was in this case.”
“How does telling us any of this help Hallik?”
“I believe it will give you a better understanding of who you are and why you are here. I believe it will also motivate you to do your best for the master, as it was his decision that you be given this information. He's looking for your loyalty, because he believes in turn you will give your best effort to our undertakings. I was troubled by his logic at first, but I have warmed to the idea. Master Hallik wants you to trust him, just as he is now trusting you.”
Dester asked, “So what happens to all this trust once we've completed the missions he wants us to?”
Bersa smiled. “He believes there will be enough missions to keep you very busy for the rest of your natural lives. Master Hallik has eyes on controlling the entire Betuaon State. After that, we have the Talion District, the Agedda Sector, and of course the entire Markux Realm.”
Dester smirked. “Thinking big. I like it already.”
“As each mission is accomplished, you will each be handsomely rewarded. Perhaps with more lounge time, with luxuries or food, or even with personal slaves of your own.”
Martin returned a look of anger.
“I don't see us wanting personal slaves,” said Jamus. “That's what we want to be rid of.”
“Speak for yourself,” said Dester.
“Mr. Turnbull, imagine Master Hallik ruling the Betuaon State. Has he not been a kind, just, and benevolent owner? Would his rule not be a benefit to all slaves? Now imagine that rule at the district or sector level. Would Humans not fair better under his ownership? And if taken all the way to being the emperor himself, imagine if slavery were to be abolished. Would you pledge loyalty to an emperor who brought an end to ownership of your species?”
“I would fight for that, yes.”
“Good. That is precisely the objective of Master Hallik. You exalt him, he frees all Humans.”
Dester crossed his arms. “Look, I'm all for freedom, but that's about the biggest load of bunk I've ever heard. Why would Hallik have any reason to free Humans? We're the ones doing all the work for this empire. Who's gonna grow the food? Who'll wash clothes or work in factories or clean houses? What incentive does he have to free us?”
“I just told you. You make him emperor, he gives all humanity their freedom. Humans were free before. This entire galaxy was free under Human rule. All of the tasks you just mentioned were being done by all her citizens. There were no slaves, and everyone was fed, and clothed, and houses were clean.”
Greta raised a hand. “Where is Master Hallik now? Why isn't he here telling us these things personally?”
“Master Hallik is a busy person. Counting Caloran, he has three colonies to run. There are farms and mines and businesses that require his constant attention. He has promised to be here when he can. You will just have to trust he is doing what he can for us all by keeping tight control of his colonies and their production.”
Bersa glanced up at the clock on the wall. “It seems your hour of lounging is up. Please return to your quarters. I will be around in the morning to collect you. Tomorrow will again be a busy day.”
Martin and Daniel walked with Jamus as they made their way toward their rooms.
“Does any of that sound real?” asked Martin.
Jamus shrugged. “Don't know. I'm at a loss at the moment. If what Bersa just said is true, this might be our first step toward freedom. Maybe Hallik isn't so bad.”
Daniel smiled. “Sounds like someone is warming up to the master.”
Jamus turned. “He has a long way to go before that happens. But this is a good first step, if it proves to be what he's doing. I'm still suspicious. And the rest of you should be too.”
The others turned to go into their rooms. Jamus took his required evening shower before drying off and lying back on his bed. Several hours were spent looking at the green glow from the clock as it reflected off the darkened ceiling, while thinking about the possibilities of a Human-run empire.
Was any of this real? Was he somehow dreaming? He hoped the coming day would bring answers to his multitude of open questions. It seemed like only moments after his eyes had closed that a knock came at the door.
“Rise, Mr. Turnbull. A new day is upon us.”
Jamus rubbed his eyes, showered again, dressed, and met the others in the hall. Breakfast turned into class time. Class time turned into swimming lessons. Swimming lessons turned into more instruction in the class. 
Twenty days turned into forty, and then eighty.
The entire group had acquired basic reading and writing skills. Martin Gecka was swimming laps in the pool. Daniel showed a fascination for reading and was spending every minute of his rewarded lounge time at the terminals. The pupils were not only relearning, but were excelling at the basics. When followed up with advanced instruction, the Humans were becoming the first of their kind to receive a full classroom education in the previous ten thousand years.
Bersa stood before the group after a particularly satisfying and filling breakfast. “I hope you all enjoyed the morning meal. You have all shown great progress, achieving every milestone I have set forth. I am enthused with your progress, as is the master.”
Jamus asked, “When will we be seeing him again? It's been eighty days without a visit. Doesn't Marr go out in another ten days?”
“Master Hallik has been busily arranging Mr. Marr’s job placement. There are many deals that had to be made to arrange it. It's not as simple as renting him out. There has to be a need, and Mr. Marr has to be made available to fill the position immediately upon its opening. And all this must be arranged with no connections coming back to Master Hallik.”
“Marr is owned by Hallik. How is that not a connection?”
“Mr. Marr has been sold to an entity owned by my second cousin. My cousin is unaware of his ownership of a slave or of the company he now holds title to. Should an investigation lead anyone down that path, they will reach a dead end, with no one having knowledge of that entity. The filings with the Betuaon State, however, are legitimate. The fees have been paid to make them so.”
Dester said, “So basically I'm not owned by anyone. Maybe I should just skip out of here and go my own way…”
Jamus smirked. “Where you gonna go? Thought you had everything you ever wanted right here?”
“Hmm. Yeah, I guess there's not much out there to skip out for. Looks like I'll be hanging out for the factory job.”
Bersa pointed toward a white wall, where an image of a machine was being projected. “Speaking of your job, the next ten days will be focused on exactly that. You will be running die machine twenty-two. Production invoices and instructions will come by your station every day. You will also have an excellent view of the production floor. Your eyes and ears will help us to unlock the productivity secret of this site.”
“When do we start?”
“This afternoon you'll be learning to make use of the machine. We've acquired a replica and you will soon be operating the device during four-hour shifts. We've obtained projections of the production floor to be broadcast around you. During the first two shifts I will be quizzing you on the happenings within your view. You will become adept at using the machine and observing others.”
“Sounds easy enough.”
“As an added incentive to catch all that is going on, you will be wearing a shock collar.”
Martin raised one corner of his mouth in a smug smile.
“A what?” Dester asked.
“A shock collar. When quizzed, if you miss an item that should have been observed, you will receive a shock from the collar. With each miss, the current will be slightly increased.”
“I don't like the sound of that.”
“Then I'm certain you will be paying the utmost attention. During our coursework, I'll be offering tips and guidance on how to be an observant spy. By the end of this ten-day period, you'll be able to catch and recall every event in question. You'll be taught the memorization techniques that will allow you to fully recall an invoice or work instruction. And when specific events happen, you'll have the ability to investigate them further, without drawing attention to yourself.”
“And what happens when I miss too many answers and you turn the current too high?”
“Your head explodes and we search for another candidate.”
After a moment's hesitation, Dester pointed a finger at Bersa. “A sick sense of humor. We could be friends.”
“I will gladly confess to an exaggeration in this instance. Your head will not explode, but your heart may stop and many of the neural pathways in your brain may be destroyed, making you useless to this team and our mission. You have every incentive to perform at your best ability, Mr. Marr. Having to seek a replacement would be a setback for the mission, but not insurmountable.”
Martin gave a single smirk of approval.
Dester crossed his arms, expressing his usual scowl.

Chapter   4
_______________________

The days that followed saw an irritated Dester Marr repeatedly subjected to the mild shocks of the “learning” collar. The elder slave, however, was mastering his tasks. By the final day of training, his machine operation was flawless, as was his event recognition and recall. Dester was ready for the mission at hand. Two hours of free time were given to the team when the day's training was complete.
Daniel sat with Kerena and Jamus in the lounge while Martin and Greta swam in the pool, where the occasional splash of water and giggle were evidence of a budding relationship. Dester sat by himself at a table in the dining area, still refusing to commiserate with the others.
Daniel had a grin on his face. “I was reading about Human history during our class today. If what those archives say is true, we really were free and at one time in control of this galaxy. We come from the planet Earth. And we ruled all explored parts of the galaxy, which was less than 10 percent.”
Kerena replied, “I never thought I would be reading. Or see any of what we've seen. I've heard about planets and galaxies, and every time I look at the night sky I imagine traveling to other places, places where I am free. But I would not have thought it to be possible... until now.”
“We have a long way to go before that's possible,” Jamus said. “All this we're seeing and doing is for Hallik. And I still don't trust him. I don't see us gaining much from any of this other than to make Hallik richer. If he benefits, we may be afforded a few comforts, but I doubt freedom.”
“What if he makes it all the way to emperor?” Kerena asked.
Jamus frowned. “I don't really see that as possible. He runs parts of three colonies out of just over eight hundred. Even now his competitors are plotting to take one of those. Haraku is being contested.”
“Where did you read that?”
“I didn't. I overheard Hallik discussing it with one of his managers about eight months ago. Remember when we were sent to the port to help load the produce two seasons ago? He was there discussing it with his manager of the western province. And the other day when Bersa was talking of strengthening the colony on Haraku, it was for that very reason. It seems Hallik has been gradually losing power in Betuaon. We're a long, long way from making him emperor.”
Daniel said, “Still, isn't it in our best interest to make him richer and more powerful?”
“Maybe.” Jamus nodded. “Depends on what his true intentions are. You see how easily Bersa speaks of termination. That's because we're owned. We're property. Until that changes, I don't put a lot of trust in Hallik.”
Bersa joined the group. “Tomorrow Mr. Marr will be going to the factory. We'll begin work on young Mr. Pike's mission first thing in the morning. We will have another ten days to see to his training.”
Jamus leaned forward. “Bersa, I was wondering about how Mr. Marr's job was to become available. What happens to the old operator? Was he or she purchased or traded?”
“That is not your concern, Mr. Turnbull. Nor mine. The arrangements were made by others. All we need to concern ourselves with is that Mr. Marr is prepared to begin work tomorrow.”
“I don't know that I'm comfortable with being kept in the dark when it's us who are putting our lives in jeopardy.”
“Yes, well, you will have to be patient with requests. Perhaps once a few missions have been successfully completed, you will see the benefit and not need answers to every question. Perhaps you would also see the benefit of not knowing, because, if captured, information can be extracted. You wouldn't want to be giving away methods or practices that would cause harm to your fellow spies, would you?”
“If I get grabbed and they make me talk, they will know all about us and about this place. What difference will that one bit of information make?”
“What will they know about this place?”
“That it's here... in the mountains.”
“What mountains?”
“Whatever mountains are on Caloran.”
“And how do you know we are on Caloran?”
“Well... I guess I don't.”
“Our short trip here took forty minutes. During that time, in an interstellar capable vessel such as the Greft, we could have traveled to any planet in the empire. Are there other colonists on this planet?”
“Well... I guess I don't know.”
“And it's better for everyone else here that you not know. It will be best for each of us if we know and are ready to use self-termination, should the situation arise where it is called for. The fewer of our secrets can be discovered, the less danger for the rest of us and the more successful future operations will be. If we have to change our ways after a failed mission, it only makes our lives more difficult.”
The rumble of a ship landing could be heard outside.
Bersa stood. “Excellent. The master has chosen to grace us with his presence before our first mission.”
Hallik came through the outer door, accompanied by his usual two guards.
Bersa moved to greet him. “Master Hallik, it is my pleasure and my honor to present to you our trained, winning team.”
Hallik smiled. “Let's hope that designation is worthy, Bersa. The job at the manufacturing facility is now in need of a qualified machine operator. From your reports, it would appear Mr. Marr is capable of filling that role. They will be expecting him first thing in the morning. I am here to take him to be delivered to the Lillate production house on Kronong. His gear is ready. His housing is ready. And I expect this operation to take no more than five days.”
“So short, sir?”
“Yes. Pilor receives a 2 percent premium on his deliveries. If this operation goes over five days it will have cost me more than I will make with the premium in six months.”
“I had no idea the cost was that significant. We will do our best to wrap up this operation before that deadline.”
“As I'm expecting you to. Given the cost of this facility, the equipment, and the arrangements that are being made to make each mission possible, I don't expect to break even in this first year. However, if successful, I'll be profiting from the dividends for years to come.”
Jamus raised a hand.
Hallik gestured for him to proceed. “Please, Mr. Turnbull, don't hesitate to ask whatever you will of me.”
“How is it one team of six people are supposed to influence your profits enough for you to challenge for leadership of Betuaon. That's our goal, isn't it? To run this entire state?”
Hallik walked to the lounge area, where he took a seat in Dester Marr's claimed chair, drawing a scowl. “That is precisely our goal, Mr. Turnbull. Unfortunately, we cannot just race to the appointment that will be coming this fall and expect to even be noticed. Only the top contributors in Betuaon are given that high honor, and I am currently number eight on that list. As is tradition, the top producer will become governor. I project my rise will take at least four years.”
“You think four years is enough time for this small group of spies to make a difference?”
Hallik crossed his legs as he sat forward in Dester's chair. His hands were rested on his thigh. His free fingers tapped nervously on the back of his overlapped hand. He was a perfect example of a Brekan, wide flat feet, good for walking on snow, a half-Human-half-fox-like face, black eyes and a black nose, and a stout body covered with plush white fur. “That will all depend on the success of this team. I will evaluate your performance once a handful of missions have been completed. Should this prove as successful as I believe it will be, more teams will be added, accelerating any current schedules.”
“Won't more teams place us at higher risk of being caught?”
“I expect any other team will follow the same security measures as is being done with this team.”
“When the evaluation is finished, will we be working out of this same facility? Will others be brought through training at this location?”
“If things go well, you will be moved to a new facility. And yes, these buildings will be used to train new teams. And when those teams reach the proper skill level, after evaluation, they will be moved to the facility where you will hopefully soon reside. If all goes well, I may opt to have as many as twenty Human teams at my disposal here in Betuaon.”
“Is there enough work to keep that many teams going in Betuaon?”
“There is. The seven individuals who occupy the top positions on the wealth list all have personal crafts, much like my own. I have a dozen slaves aboard doing all sorts of tasks. I would like to replace every Human crew on the seven personal ships of those ahead of me on the list. Imagine the intelligence I would be privy to.”
Jamus sat back with his arms crossed. “Don't have to imagine it. I've overheard you and your managers dozens of times. You were never one to be discreet while slaves were around. You've probably let out hundreds of secrets to me over the last few seasons without even realizing you had done so.”
“Which is precisely why I plan on taking over the service staffs of my competitors. The senior statesmen will receive excellent service from my Human crews while I receive information on their actions and plans. When I mentioned taking four years earlier for assuming control of Betuaon, that was my conservative goal. Should things progress as I hope, that goal will be pulled much closer.”
Bersa said, “We are ready for tomorrow, Master Hallik. Mr. Marr has excelled at not only precise operation of that machine, but at his powers of observation and recall.”
“Yes. Recall... I wanted to speak with you on that. I've made use of my other connections to take possession of a video relay system that Mr. Marr will be wearing for us. You and your team will not have to wait for a debrief when our effort is complete. You will be evaluating the sights and sounds of the production floor live, seeing and hearing exactly what Mr. Marr will be seeing and hearing.”
Bersa tilted her head, returning a look of concern. “Use of a video system is rarely risked in this business, Master Hallik. Personnel are frequently scanned as they enter and exit the property. How do you propose we get this gear to Mr. Marr without detection?”
Hallik grinned. “When you mention personnel, I would assume you are referring to management. Humans are only scanned when they first enter the compound where they are being housed. Since housing is connected to the factory, they only need to be scanned when brought into housing the first time. Mr. Marr will be going directly to the factory floor, therefore bypassing that initial scan. The arrangements for this have already been put in place.”
“We hadn't planned or trained for a live feed, Master Hallik. Had I known this would be the case, the past ten days would have been done differently.”
“Not to worry, Bersa. The feed will be recorded. You can review it as many times as needed. Mr. Marr's training in observation will serve well as a backup plan should we be unable to pull the information we seek from the live feed.”
“We? Will you be here with us?”
“I have other business to attend to in the morning, but I do plan to return later in the afternoon. I look forward to receiving a summary of the day's action when I arrive.”
Hallik gazed at his crew of Humans with anticipation and pride. Dester Marr was taken out to the ship. The rumble that followed told of their departure.
Jamus stood, scratching the side of his head as he paced back and forth, stopping only when he had formed up his thoughts. “Bersa, were you expecting any of this?”
“The addition of the video feed? No. The taking of Mr. Marr for delivery? Yes. The video will be a bonus. Perhaps we can wrap up this mission in a single day.”
“This Pilor character that owns this factory, is he a just owner? How does he treat his slaves?”
“Pilor is quick to take action. I would say slave turnover under his ownership is moderate to high. You have undoubtedly heard of the sport hunting of Humans. In his younger days, Pilor was supposedly quite good at it. Twice champion of all of Betuaon State. Mistakes by slaves, if uninjured, would likely result in the offending slave being sent to a sport tournament.”
Martin let out a low growl.
Jamus nodded. “That type of information is all the motivation we need.”
“And if you are curious about the history of Hallik,” said Bersa, “I could find no similar actions in his record. That's not to say Humans have not perished by his order or decision. I don't believe there to be any owner of quantity who could make that claim, but as far as I know, he has been just in his dealings with his slaves. He has been on record many a time as saying 'A happy slave is a productive slave.’ Much to the consternation of other owners.”
“Yeah, I can see where that wouldn't go over so well.”
The following morning, after a quick breakfast, the group gathered in the main classroom. A video feed was coming from Dester Marr's chest as he sat in his Pilor Industries coveralls in the back seat of a hover-taxi. The taxi landed at the Lillate Industries complex.
Dester's handler was a Talion. The Talion, like all species of the empire, excluding Leuchens, were slightly shorter in height than Humans. A thick torso was supported by spindly legs and arms. Large eyes and droopy, hair-covered ears, surrounded a tall, thin skull that sported a hard ridge that ran from the forehead across the top and down to their spine. Their leathery, reddish-brown skin had a light covering of silvery-gray fur. The result was an appearance that was less than intimidating.
The camera jerked as Dester was given a hard shove by his handler. “Get out, you idiot. Take these papers to the Talion at the window. And you better perform as expected. I don't want to have to crush another skull this week.”
Dester’s reflection could be seen in the taxi window, wearing his best blank stare. A short walk had the papers delivered to the Talion manning the entry to the facility. The elderly Human was quickly waved through. A subsequent yell followed, after the new slave was found to be standing immobile for several seconds.
The door was opened and a perturbed guard pulled him inside. “This way, moron. Station twenty-two. Ha. Hope you do better than the last two. One lost an arm and the second had his head flattened by the press. Not sure how he did it, but I'd say he deserved it. Paperwork says you're practiced on that machine. Maybe you can last longer than two days.”
Several minutes of walking later, another camera jerk followed as the guard shoved Dester toward the machine. “That one. Now get to work. You're already half an hour behind quota.”
Dester turned, giving the guard a cross-eyed expression with a buck-toothed smile, his best impression of an idiot. The guard sighed as he turned back toward the entrance.
The newly-hired factory worker first checked the instruction log before powering up the machine. Without pushing the limits of what he could actually do, the machine was soon running at the expected speed. A piece of metal was taken from a kiln with a set of tongs. After being placed in the press, fifteen tons of weight squeezed the hot metal into the desired shape. The piece was removed and placed in a second kiln.
Daniel asked, “What's the part for?”
“The hover taxi gets its lift from a gravity drive,” said Bersa. “The thrust it requires to travel forward or to slow comes from a turbine. This line of machines makes blades for those turbines. It will be pressed again, shaped, heated, and pressed a third time before receiving a final shaping. Afterward it is dipped into a florescent liquid and then examined for imperfections.”
“What's a turbine?”
Bersa snickered as she brought an image of the hover-taxi to the display. “This section. It provides propulsion. Most in-atmosphere transports use turbines for thrust. Ships such as Master Hallik's use the gravity drive exclusively. Using such a mechanism for standard propulsion is inefficient and therefore costly in fuel. In turn, turbines do not function efficiently in space, so they are used for atmospheric transport. The gravity drive is very efficient in space.”
“Is that how you travel between planets? A gravity drive?”
“Only for short hops. The Markux Jump Drive is used to move between the stars. A portal through space-time is opened to another region of space and the ship travels through, arriving at its destination within an instant of departure. Without the Markux Drive, travel between the stars would be almost non-existent.”
“So we created that?”
“Humans? Yes. Eons ago. There are those among us... among you... with aptitudes that are able to comprehend such technologies. Master Hallik has been in search of Humans who might test for such brilliance. Our own Dester Marr is one such individual.”
Jamus furrowed his brows. “What?”
“Along with you, he is the major reason this team was assembled. You each have your qualities. Martin is strong, as is Greta for a woman. Kerena and Daniel are both young. You, Mr. Turnbull, are determined and careful. And Dester Marr is brilliant.”
“Dester Marr is an ass.”
“But brilliant. Having factory experience was only one small part of him being assigned this first mission. Do you feel yourself, or anyone else in this room, to be as qualified for this mission? Even if excluding his prior factory work?”
“I think any of us could do this, yes.”
Bersa motioned to Daniel. “Bring me the learning collar.”
Jamus returned a look of concern. “You planning to put that on me?”
“Are you planning to refuse?”
Several seconds of silence passed as the man who considered himself the group leader contemplated his answer. “No. I guess not.”
“Good.”
Daniel returned. “Hand me the controller, place the collar on Mr. Turnbull, and have a seat.”
A work instruction was flashed on the display for thirty seconds and removed. Bersa asked sixteen questions pertaining to the document. Jamus missed half, receiving shocks for each.
“And that is why Mr. Marr is out there and you sit here. Each of you went through the same training. Would any of you like to test your skills?”
The room was silent. “Good.”
Jamus said, “Just do us all a favor and don't tell him he's the smart one. He'd become even more unbearable than he already is.”
“I am here to build a team, Mr. Turnbull. I'm fully aware of Mr. Marr's ability to annoy others, including me.”
Most of the day had passed before the process that differed from that of Hallik's was identified. The oven temperature of the second kiln was one hundred degrees lower than the first, leading to 8 percent fewer rejections at the end of the line, and the subsequent 2 percent increase in profit. When his shift was complete, Dester Marr was pulled from his station and escorted to the exit. A hover taxi and an escort were waiting to whisk him away.

Chapter   5
_______________________

Hallik walked in front of the group with a grin. “Most excellent work this morning. I've already ordered the adjustment at my own factory. I take it Bersa has filled you in on your next mission?”
The group returned nods.
“Good. This coming mission will require few skills from Mr. Pike. You will be wheeling in the lunch trolley, delivering food packs, cleaning up after the workers return, and of course returning the trolley to the kitchen area. There are sixteen trolley workers per shift. You'll be feeding just over four thousand miners. Just observe. Do not ask questions. Do not get involved in discussions. Roll in the food. Roll out the trash. Understood?”
Daniel nodded. “I can do that.”
“Excellent. Bersa, the schedule has been moved up to tomorrow. You have the mine layout. You have a replica of the trolley Mr. Pike will be pushing. I'm certain you will have him ready for pick-up by morning. I have business to tend to. I'll be returning at first light. And give them an hour of free time this evening. They've earned it.”
Hallik turned for the door without further word.
Bersa stood and pointed toward the classroom building. “Shall we begin?”
As the group walked, Bersa said, “Martin, you and Greta will be loading the cart. Mr. Turnbull, you and Kerena will play miners. Mr. Marr, you will be a manager. I will be directing you in your tasks, and I expect young Mr. Pike to observe and recall your activities.”
Daniel frowned. “Does that mean I have to wear the shocker?”
“Yes. The learning collar will be used for every session. It has proven to be an effective training tool during the entire existence of the Markux Empire. But not to worry, it will only be applied after the training session ends, during evaluation.”
Dester snickered. “Gonna blow off your head, kid. With as many questions as you'll miss, this is gonna be fun to watch.”
Four hours were spent loading, dispensing, collecting, and emptying the trolley, and then repeating the process. Each time, Dester Marr was given different tasks to perform. When the four-hour mark was reached, the group returned to the classroom for an evaluation.
Bersa gave direction, “Mr. Marr, please place the learning collar on Mr. Pike.”
“My pleasure,” replied a grinning Dester.
Twelve questions were asked, only two answers were returned as wrong. Bersa directed the collar be removed.
Dester protested. “That's it? Those were easy. You only asked him about the things he did during that last round.”
“Mr. Pike, please place the collar on Mr. Marr.”
Dester returned a look of apprehension. “What?”
Daniel stepped up with the collar, latching it closed with a grin of his own. “My pleasure.”
“Mr. Marr, on the third sequence, what was the last task I had you perform?”
“What?”
A mild shock was administered. The rest of the group laughed.
The victim turned with a scowl. “Funny. You're all funny.”
“Again, what was the last task of the third sequence?”
Dester thought hard. “Uh, I held up four fingers.”
Bersa administered a shock. The others giggled.
“No, no, no... two fingers.” Dester scowled and then made a snicker of his own. “OK, I deserved that one.”
The question that followed was answered correctly.
After the following morning's breakfast, Hallik returned. He chatted with the group for several minutes before taking Daniel Pike away. The group moved to the classroom.
Bersa stood before them. “One mission complete. One underway. Very well done. Next up will be Mr. Turnbull. I'm afraid this will be a physical assignment, but one you are familiar with. You will be joining a coal mining crew on Gatumon II.”
“What? Not actual mining, is it? Are you talking swinging a pick?”
“Yes. If you would prefer, I can pass this assignment to Martin.”
Jamus glanced over as he slowly shook his head with an unhappy expression. “No. I'll never ask that another take my work if I'm fully capable. What's our objective?”
“Production on this particular shift-team is 20 percent above average. Master Hallik would like to know why, so that improvements might be made at his own mines.”
A long sigh was released. “I should be able to tell you that within a few hours. This a one-day extraction?”
“I'm afraid not. As with most mines, the Gatumon miners of Master Hilgess operate in ten-day shifts. Once inside, we won't be able to pull you from the crew for that ten-day period.”
Jamus rubbed his forehead in thought. “Ten days in a coal shaft? That's an eternity. We don't have any other way to gather this info? Maybe attach the video gear to an unknowing miner when he's up on the surface?”
“Are you unwilling to take on this task?”
“Not saying I won't. I'm just getting a bit uncomfortable with some of this. The trolley pusher that Daniel replaced, what happened to him?”
“An unfortunate accident. He fell from his pushing position and was crushed by the trolley behind him.”
Jamus again slowly shook his head. “I'm not liking this whole setup. Two Humans killed to get Dester into the factory? Another killed to place Daniel? How many are dying so I can play miner?”
“I see this is causing a moral dilemma. You do realize what a decision to not go means, don't you?”
“I can go,” said Martin.
Bersa gave a pursed smile to the volunteer before looking directly at Jamus Turnbull. “Regardless of your eagerness to help your friend, Mr. Gecka, he must make the decision as to whether or not to continue with this group on his own. If he decides not to, and accepts the consequences, he should know that he will only be replaced with another, and the slave who will be terminated will still be terminated.”
Bersa looked over the group. “You must realize by now that sacrifices have to be made. You will not be asked to take the life of another Human, but you should not expect that none will be lost. Consider the sacrifice these Humans will be making as part of the path that will one day lead all Humans to freedom.
“You were each selected for this duty because you were aware. Must I remind you what that means? Master Hallik believes this alternate existence to be far superior to your other option. He also believes this group can be key to one day freeing humanity. The decision is yours, Mr. Turnbull. All I ask is that you make that decision here and now, so our efforts here, and the lives of the remainder of your group, can continue.”
Jamus placed his hand on top of his head, leaning it back as he stared up at the ceiling. Was this it? Was it over for him? Hallik had never promised it would be easy. Was he genuine in his offer to actually free Humans?
“Mr. Turnbull?”
“You get Hallik to tell us all... straight up... that he will free us all, every Human, and I'll commit fully to this... whatever this is.”
“I can assure you Master Hallik has made that commitment.”
Jamus shook his head. “I want to hear it from his mouth. Not that you have lied to us at all, but I... we... need to hear it coming directly from him. It would mean a lot to all of us, and to our level of enthusiasm for this program. Tell him if he gives us that, we will give him the success he desires.”
Bersa tapped her chin with a single finger for several seconds. “Would you be willing to compromise?”
“How so?”
“You commit fully until Master Hallik returns to speak to the lot of you. In the meantime, I will relay your... offer. Would that be satisfactory?”
“If Daniel is returned this evening or tomorrow, can we expect Master Hallik to be bringing him?”
“I cannot answer that. I am not privy to his schedule. I only follow directions. Master Hallik comes and goes when he has time. I cannot promise a time for his next visit.”
Jamus stared intently for several seconds at the former Girda spy standing before him. “I suppose that's a reasonable compromise.”
“Excellent. Now, shall we continue with our training?”
“What about Daniel? Shouldn't we be watching as he goes about his deliveries?”
“The mines of Gatumon do not operate on the same time schedule as we do here. Mr. Pike's shift won't begin for another four hours. During this wait period, we'll be reviewing our observation techniques. Who would like to be first in the learning collar?”
Five would-be spies spent close to an hour each in the collar. Dester Marr went last. Twenty-six questions about prior events were all answered correctly. The elder spy grinned as the collar was removed. Minutes later an image appeared on the display as Daniel Pike stepped out of a hover-taxi.
As he walked toward the entrance to the mine, the layout of the external operations was revealed. Four immense stacks of ore sat in piles to the left. A fifty-meter-tall conveyor carried newly mined ore to the piles. A crane then filled the bays of transit shuttles, and the ore was hauled off for further processing elsewhere.
Immediately in front of Daniel was a large set of warehouses, where parts and equipment were housed and repairs were made. On the right was a building with administrative offices that sat atop housing for a full contingent of slaves. Four thousand members of work-crew alpha were on day nine of rest from their prior shift. Daniel Pike was escorted directly into the mine's entrance.
A small rail system carried the new trolleyman deep into the works. Three mining train transfers were made before arrival at the new shaft. Daniel was hurried into the carved-out kitchen where his trolley was being loaded. Not a single happy face was there to greet him, only the somewhat blank stares of smudgers. They followed orders, not conversing or acknowledging those around them.
Daniel could be heard mumbling, “Depressing.”
With a full trolley, the young Human followed a caravan of similar vehicles as they made their way down the five-degree slope of the new shaft. As a horn blew, all activity came to a sudden stop. Miners came trudging out of the dimly lit tunnel, lining up at their assigned food trolleys for the handout of their four-times-a-day meal.
Daniel worked the second shift. The miners would toil with picks and shovels for sixteen hours before being taken back to a previously emptied shaft for rest and sleep. The next shift would come in for sixteen hours of their own before the process was once again repeated. Sweaty, dirt-faced miners with expressionless stares came one by one for their meals. Ten days in the hole was a miserable existence.
When the food had been consumed, the miners stood in a second line. As Daniel hurried about to collect the trash left from the meals, a group of blue-coated lab techs arrived on a number of personnel movers. The techs walked to the front of each line carrying a small tank and an injector. Each miner received a boost injection before being directed back down the shaft.
Bersa nodded. “Juicing. The management is injecting stimulants.”
The Girda spy-trainer moved to a console and began to type. Seconds later she again nodded. “We missed this. Those mines have a high slave turnover. By as much as 25 percent over average. They are juicing their workers at the expense of losing many of them.”
A command was sent to the video feed, where the faces of the miners who were still in line were zoomed in on and revealed. “Elder slaves. Cheap and expendable. And readily available in the trade markets. The production is getting a boost from juiced workers, many of whom are probably done for after their ten-day shift. They will be discarded for new elders who are brought in fresh from the markets.”
Jamus frowned. “Worked to death. How is this information supposed to help Hallik?”
Bersa thought for several seconds. “Master Hallik would not stoop to such methods as juicing.”
“So how do we stop this?”
“I don't know that we can. Although… I suppose the reason Master Hilgess is able to make extra profit is due to the reduced expense of the slaves.”
“Any way to make them more expensive?”
“I was just thinking the same thing. We could go in with bids of our own, pushing up their prices. Although we would need a profitable use to justify those costs.”
“What about Hallik's diamond mine? Does it have to make a profit? What if it only breaks even, but still drives up the price of the elder slaves?”
Bersa slowly turned with a smile. “That is an excellent suggestion, Mr. Turnbull. The master will be impressed with that coming from a Human. Indeed, we may bring an end to this extra production with a mere investment. And who knows, perhaps a profit can still be gained.”
“Either way there is benefit to us all.”
Bersa looked around at the others. “Mr. Pike will now be idle for perhaps three hours before preparations are made for the next feeding. I'm going to do something unusual here and release you all for an hour of free time.”
“In the middle of the day?”
“Yes, Mr. Turnbull. In the middle of the day. When we return we will continue with our training.”
Bersa rubbed her chin as she sported a slight smile. “Mr. Turnbull, would you please remain for a moment? The rest of you can go.”
The remainder of the group made their way out the exit as Jamus turned to stand in front of the much smaller alien.
“I believe we may have the justification for this operation you were looking for, Mr. Turnbull. If adopted, this method may save thousands of Human lives each and every month. A tremendous accomplishment, and from a single suggestion. You see, Mr. Turnbull, there may have to be sacrifices, but there can be tremendous rewards as well. The trolley worker would likely have been dead within two years anyway—I looked up their longevity stats. His life has now been sacrificed, but thousands of others will be saved. Does that not make the sacrifice worthwhile?”
“I still don't approve of those methods. But I can see where my help could make a difference.”
“You think of others, Mr. Turnbull. Not all Humans do, even those who are aware. You have contributions to make to the cause. And this cause needs you.”
“If you're trying to get out of Hallik making a commitment in person, forget it. I'm not caving on that demand.”
Bersa smiled. “I wasn't thinking of pulling it. Now go, enjoy your hour of freedom.”
Jamus smirked. “Freedom... right.”
A short walk had Jamus sitting in the lounge with Kerena. Dester moved off by himself while Martin and Greta used the time to build on their relationship.
Kerena asked, “You ever have a wife?”
“I did. Sixteen years. And a son. After pairing, we were sold off to an owner who had five million acres of forested land. I was a logger, as was my wife. My son was only four months old at the time, so she was at the camp caring for him while I was out felling trees.”
“Where are they?”
“It was a flash flood. Wiped out the entire camp without warning.”
“Do you miss them?”
“I was on the Smudge. Don't know that I could have missed them. My memories from that time are foggy. Kind of like I was someone else. Do you and Greta have family?”
“We did. Our parents were servants in a well-to-do Brekan household. One of the other servants dropped a tray of hors d'oeuvres during a party, embarrassing the owner. After the guests left, she terminated her entire staff. The children were sold off the next day. I guess we were lucky Master Hallik kept the two of us together.”
“Do you miss them?”
Kerena shrugged. “I want to. I almost feel ashamed that I don't. I was only four at the time. Everything seems so different now.”
“How so?”
“I find myself caring about others. I care about what they think and if they are ill. I care about the hardships they face. I don't remember having those feelings before. I just did whatever was asked of me and waited for my Smudge at the end of the day.”
“That would be all of us. Over the past twelve seasons I can't tell you how many times I wanted to punch a face because some smudger wasn't watching their children, or properly feeding them.”
“I never saw any of that in our village.”
Jamus frowned. “Our village was mild compared to many. For years I've been stepping in and performing tasks that are needed for proper care. Without having to say anything, most of the mothers picked up on what I was doing and began to do it themselves. I often wanted to yell at them, but couldn't without fear of exposing myself.”
The remainder of the free-hour passed quickly. Bersa herded the crew back to the classrooms, where observation practice was again the drill of the day.

Chapter   6
_______________________

As the group watched the video feed, Daniel was on his fourth and final round of feeding. Once finished with the trolley, the caravan turned and made its way toward the kitchen. As Daniel's trolley crossed a track for another shaft, a train came freewheeling through. Its brakes had failed and it was now on its way toward the lowest point of the shaft.
The trolley was struck. The camera jerked violently as the young Human was knocked and thrown from his location. An instant later the video feed stopped.
Jamus stood. “What just happened?”
Bersa slowly shook her head. “I'm afraid we both know what happened, Mr. Turnbull. A mine is a dangerous place. Accidents happen.”
“No. This isn't right. He's coming back. Get someone in there to help!”
“We both know that isn't going to happen. If Mr. Pike survived, he will be brought to the surface. We will do our best to extract him from there.”
The bracelet on Bersa's arm beeped. She answered, “Master. I can only guess you were watching.”
“Tragic. I just wanted to let the team know I'm on my way there now. If Mr. Pike is still with us, I'll be bringing him back. Was everyone watching?”
“Yes.”
“That means they're as shocked as I am. Send them to the lounge for the remainder of the day.”
“Sir, we have much work to do. Mr. Turnbull must be prepared for his mission. It was my understanding that might happen as soon as tomorrow.”
“That mission is important. And I want the team focused on successfully completing it and not on the loss of one of their members. Mr. Turnbull, and the rest of you, I made the promise of freeing all Humans should you enable me to one day be emperor. I stand by that offer. Stand by me and I'll see to it you are all citizens in equal standing to the others.”
Jamus stepped forward. “Master Hallik, I can't speak for the others, but I would prefer to continue our work. I want to do this for Daniel, and for all the Humans who have perished in captivity. Daniel was the first Human to die somewhat free in the last ten thousand years. I say we honor his death by continuing our work.”
The others stepped in behind him, including Dester Marr.
“You all feel this way?”
Jamus glanced around at the others. “We do.”
“Remarkable. I am astounded by what I see in this small group almost every day. The commitment. The honor. The respect and caring for others. Those are traits that once made you the premier species in this galaxy. They are traits that are often missing in my own people.
“We have become fat, lazy, abusive… our technology has changed little since we took control. We lack the creativity and the drive to do anything other than to take power and profit. I can only imagine what could have been accomplished had the Humans remained in control. Do as you wish here today, Mr. Turnbull. Your team has earned the right to make that decision.”
The comm closed. The time was checked and the second meal of the day eaten. Immediately following, the group returned to the classroom and Bersa’s instruction. The following morning, Hallik's shuttle landed just outside.
The rotund Brekan waddled into the classroom, where the others were busy at study. “My team, I have good news and bad news. Mr. Pike is alive. He has, however, lost the use of his legs. His lower spine was fractured in the accident. He's resting now. I had my surgeons do for him what they could.”
“Can we see him?” Jamus asked.
“I'm afraid he's currently in a medically induced coma. Should my medical team decide his wounds are healing, he will be brought back and you will be allowed to see him then.”
“Healed as in how?”
“Healed as in there is no sign of infection or further complication. I'm afraid he will never have use of his legs.”
“And if he's brought back while unable to walk?”
“A good possibility. I suppose I will have to evaluate his future at that time. At the moment I have no way to care for him, no way to bring a quality of life that should come with being aware. When and if that time comes for a determination as to what to do, I may come to you here for advice.”
The news was crushing to morale but added to their resolve. A cherished member of the team, a person of innocence who was kind and caring and friendly to everyone, had been taken away. After a long day of study, an hour of free time was given. The lounge was quiet. Dester sat in his chair with a sulking look on his face.
Jamus said, “You almost act as if you care.”
“I do care. He's a Human. I've been mean and nasty to him since we came here. He showed me nothing but kindness in return. I may be stubborn, and selfish, and opinionated, but deep inside I still have a heart. I wish the kid well... if that's possible.”
“We'll do our best to see that he recovers, or is at least taken care of.”
The solemn evening soon came to an end. Sleep was followed by breakfast and the rumble of Hallik's shuttle as it again landed. Jamus Turnbull was collected, and the shuttle returned to flight.
Hallik sat in an ultra-plush chair across from Jamus. “You don't seem at all nervous.”
“I've been in the mines before. I'll be the one wearing a rag over his mouth.”
“Yes. About that. I would ask that you not do that in this instance. We don't want to draw unneeded attention to you. Given your age, you will most likely be using a shovel. I understand that to be the dustier of the two jobs, but it will also allow you to observe, which is required in this mission.”
“I can work a shovel. And you're right, I'm not nervous. But I don’t like the prospect of spending ten days at the end of a mine shaft. It's dark. It's hard to breathe. And depending on the depth, it can be hot.”
“If there was any way possible to bring you out early, I would do so. With Mr. Pike and the juicing of the workers, they were in constant need of sending in new slaves. That won't be the case here. Your shift team will be expected to meet their quota, regardless of the number of bodies being carried out. If their reason for productivity can be determined early, perhaps we can figure out a way to shut down the mine. I have no clue as to how that might happen, but I will work on it.”
“You seem to be going over and above on this whole team thing. I don't get it.”
“I see it as a rare opportunity to move up in the circles of power. Wealth buys power in this empire, Mr. Turnbull. Imagine the production of Human workers who were not on Shackle. Imagine Human workers working for their own profits. And then imagine Human workers who care about their performance and the company they work for. The potential productivity would be ground-shattering.
“Now contemplate an empire where Human scientists and engineers are once again contributing to our technologies. Can you imagine how much better life would be for all empire citizens if that were true? Of course there would be the elite few who currently hold power who would be the losers in all this, but I don't see as how anyone else would care.”
Jamus sighed. “You paint a pretty picture, Hallik. And so long as I believe that scenario to be your intent, I will work my ass off to make it happen. And I do have one more question. Why is it slaves are used in the mines instead of machinery?”
Hallik clasped his hands together. “Yes. A question I have asked many times. Slaves are inexpensive. Their only real cost is food. And food is plentiful in the empire. Having slaves is also a status symbol. The more you have, the more power and prestige you command.
“There is also a distinct lack of science and engineering talent among our people. We don't have the compunction to do that type of work. It's actually looked down upon by society. They seem to be content with the status quo. I've read where in the past it was posited that Humans be trained and allowed to do that science and engineering work. But those in power felt it to be too dangerous. And to deter further requests, those who had brought the idea forward were severely chastised by government officials and then publicly shunned, two things that will end any career and put one quickly into near poverty.”
“So we toil till death where a machine could do the work of a hundred. It doesn't make sense.”
“It makes perfect sense to the people in charge. Humanity is not only suppressed but made to labor for us. And as to the general populace, they seem to be quite happy with things the way they are as well. Work hours are generally short, pensions are generous, and jobs are plentiful, not to mention physically easy. Most citizens are quite content with doing the minimum while living in relative luxury. Which is also a reason our population has ceased to grow during our reign. Citizens do not want to be bothered with children. Most parents are paid, and generously so, for siring a child.”
“Sounds backwards.”
“Quite. So let's see what we can do about that, shall we?”
The shuttle landed on Gatemon. A hover taxi was called. Jamus and a handler were dispatched. Two additional ride transfers were made before the Human shoveler was delivered to the gates of the mine. The handler watched as Jamus was hurried through processing, as was paid for. The new worker was then taken through a door leading back to the slave housing building.
Five hours later, the group watched as Jamus followed a crowd of miners to a huge elevator. The main tunnel through which all the coal was delivered ran for three kilometers, half a kilometer below the surface. The miners were then walked to a second elevator that would take them down another half kilometer to the new working main. They were then led to a train that carried the four hundred miners in his group to the end of the current working shaft.
At the end of the track, picks and shovels were issued and teams of three established. Two men, or women, would pick while the third shoveled the coal into a waiting wheelbarrow. The wheelbarrow operator would then carry his load back to the train, where it was dumped into ore cars for transport out. Shifts ran sixteen hours, with a short break for food every four hours, starting at hour number two.
After glancing around and taking note of another shoveler who had a rag strapped over his mouth, Jamus began to pull out his own. Several seconds of hesitation saw him slowly wiping his brow before sliding it back into his pocket. He would heed Hallik's request.
As he worked the shovel, the aware Human had taken the initiative to glance around at the other dozen teams who were hard at work. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary, and the crew he was with were not producing at an above average pace.
Bersa commented as they watched the video feed back at the compound. “Anyone notice anything out of place? I'm not seeing where this shaft, or this shift, is being overly productive. In fact, this appears to be a very average crew.”
Nobody had any comments.
A buzzer sounded. The workers stepped back to a section of the shaft that had been fully trussed. Thirty seconds later a rumble went through the mine.
Jamus turned to the man standing next to him. “What was that?”
No reply was given.
Bersa stood. “What is he doing? There should be no talking. He will only draw attention to himself.”
A second buzzer saw the work crews moving back to their stations. A supervisor, housed in a sealed suit with a breathing mask, was watching from five meters away. A glance by Jamus had the super walking up to him.
“Why aren't you working?”
Jamus asked, “This is my first time in a mine. What was that noise?”
The super pointed. “Give me your shovel.”
Bersa shook her head. “This is bad. Very bad.”
Jamus held out his hand with the shovel handle toward the super. “I'm sorry, sir. I was just brought to the mine today. I wasn't given my Smudge.”
“What? How did this happen?”
“I... I don't know. Please... may I have my Smudge?”
The super let out a sigh before opening a comm. “I'm in B442. I have a new miner down here who wasn't given his Shackle. Please send someone down with a dose so I don't have to listen to his whine.”
“He off the Shackle? Do you need help?”
“No, you idiot. He claims he wasn't given it. Please send someone down with a dose. I don't feel like pancaking his skull today and doing the paperwork about the incident.”
“I have a dose coming your way. And how'd you know he was in need? Was he going all crazy for it?”
“He asked what the blast noise was. I think he was scared. Now he's begging for his dose.”
“It's on its way.”
The super handed back the shovel. “Your crew is getting ahead of you. I will be expecting you to catch up. I will not have smudgers in my shaft who cannot carry their load.”
Jamus nodded with his best submissive smile. “Yes, sir. Thank you sir.”
Minutes later, a courier arrived with a single pill. Jamus popped it into his mouth and swallowed it dry. After a short struggle, the pill made its way down. The Shackled miner turned back to his team with shovel in hand and was soon on his way to removing the small stack of coal that covered his section of floor.
Bersa sat while shaking her head. “He can't take risks like that. None of you can take risks like that. Another super might have happily used that shovel on his head and then called for a new miner. The paperwork one must do for a replacement is minimal.”
Kerena asked, “What did he mean by the blast scared him?”
Dester replied, “They're not doing traditional mining. In this shaft, yes, but in others, it would appear they are doing something quite different. Maybe explosives?”
Bersa shook her head. “Hydraulics. Explosives and coal in a shaft don't mix. And both hydraulics and explosives are illegal. A pilot hole is drilled. A hydraulic device is placed inside. Pressure is applied until the coal seam gives way. I've heard of this idea. I've never heard of it being used. We will have to get someone back in there and onto the proper crew.”
Martin asked, “Is this something Master Hallik could employ in his mines?”
“No. This technology is not supposed to be used in mining. If true, Master Hilgess is cheating. A steep penalty will be paid if this is discovered. He is being foolish in his pursuit of profit.”
Dester said, “Why not report him?”
“The reporting process has its own flaws. By the time an investigative team reached that shaft, all evidence of illegality will have been removed or covered over with a collapse. Hard evidence must be presented or accusations not only become useless, but are a detriment to the accuser's reputation. We need someone in the shaft where this is being used. And we need them to turn at least one of the supervisors.”
“How would we do that? Won't it look suspicious if they're approached by a slave? I would think that would be a dead giveaway of being aware.”
“Indeed it would. Which is why we are going to work to resolve this as a team. I need ideas. Tell me what Human treachery could be used to turn a supervisor to report this transgression.”
“Keep it simple,” said Dester. “Write up several notes promising a big reward, with a number for the super to call to claim it.”
“And just how would the note be delivered?”
“Just have Jamus drop it. If done without being noticed, he should be in the clear. And if he can drop the blame on some other slave, all the better.”
Martin leaned forward with a scowl. “I will not be part of abusing another slave for this purpose.”
Bersa held up a hand. “It would not be advisable anyway. There are too many eyes that can be questioned. Perhaps we should direct our effort back to the current video stream. Sometimes a single clue can be enough to set in motion a chain of events that resolves the issue at hand.”
The next two feed breaks came and went without incident. After the third, instead of returning to his post, Jamus began to walk up the shaft in the other direction. Several minutes passed before the super took notice that a Human on his team had gone missing. Just after the missing miner turned down the next adjacent shaft, a pair of individuals on foot jogged toward the original shaft-end with clubs in hand.
Jamus hurried along, soon coming into view of a drilling rig as it was pulled back from a fresh hole. A machine was pushed forward, inserting a long pole with a split down the middle. An engine roared to life for most of a minute, before a high-pressure pump got to work filling a cylinder. Seconds after a chime was heard, the loud buzzer again kicked off, and the workers moved back to the trussed part of the shaft.
A giant ram then forced hydraulic fluid into the inserted tube, where immense pressure was used to thrust two plates outward. The coal cracked with a loud pop, fracturing and dropping into a pile that was two meters high by two meters wide by twenty meters deep. A second buzzer sounded as the hydraulic ram device was pulled back. The work crew with their shovels then moved in behind it.
Not being noticed by the super of the hydraulic crew, Jamus hurried back before turning into the original shaft. The super and his two clubbed assistants stood staring at the empty position as they talked. The missing miner quietly walked past and began to shovel.
Once noticed, the super grabbed his shoulder, jerking him around. “Where were you?”
Jamus looked at the super with crossed eyes and his best empty smile, displaying his smudginess.
The super let out a sigh as he turned to the others. “Another smudged up wanderer. Return to your posts. And ask them to increase the oxygen in this shaft by 1 percent. I don't need Human workers that are already dumber than they are.”

Chapter   7
_______________________

Ten days came and went without further incident. After pick-up, Jamus was taken to a medical facility, where Hallik ordered an experimental procedure to be performed. It would be the first lung-wash in Human history. 
After being strapped to a vertical table, a mask was attached. Six liters of perfluorocarbon was pumped into his lungs, spewing out from the sides of the mask when full. Convulsions followed for several seconds before the table was spun upside-down, placing his head near the floor. The mask was removed and the breathable liquid was ejected into a specially placed bucket. Jamus was allowed most of a minute to return to a somewhat normal breathing pattern before the process was repeated.
After the fifth such procedure, the fluid was declared free of contaminants and the cleansing was ruled a success. That evening, during a special session of free time, the cleaned-up miner walked into the lounge with the others to find Daniel seated on a special chair, his broken spine held in a rigid position.
Jamus hurried over with an excited smile. “You're back?”
The young Daniel Pike returned a pained smile of his own. “I'm messed up, Jamus. Master Hallik's people have done all they can so far. I'm told I'll be in this contraption for another three months, and that I won't ever walk.”
“I was terrified that I'd never see you again. Are you back here now?”
“That hasn't been decided. I've been given the option to return here, but only if I can contribute. I don't want to be a burden to the team.”
Jamus smirked. “Forget about being a burden. I'm sure everyone here would be happy to make up for any issues we'd have with having you around.”
“That decision is still months away. Master Hallik thought it would be a good reward for you to see me again before I go in for the next round of surgeries. I'm told there will be six altogether. The next one will be number two. His medical team has given me excellent care. The master himself has visited at least a dozen times.”
Jamus sat back, shaking his head. “I can't believe you're back. And how is it Hallik has had citizens of the empire working on an aware Human without them turning him in?”
“I asked him the same question. He said they are highly paid and he has dirt on them all. They can't cross him without taking themselves down too. So long as the pay is there, they won't question the work.”
“Well this is excellent. We have to have you back. If only for morale.”
Bersa was standing behind him. “Congratulations, Mr. Turnbull. Your stunt, while extremely risky, solved a major problem. From your video feed we were able to get the badge number of the super in charge of the hydraulic shaft. He has happily joined the Hallik team and will be well paid for doing so.”
“So the hydraulic fracturing has stopped?”
“On the contrary. The hydraulic mining apparatus will now be used in three shafts, with the proceeds of the other two shafts being laundered before payments are made to Master Hallik. As an added consequence, Master Hilgress' reported production numbers will be back in line with other averages. No one will suspect anything unusual is happening there for years to come. And our cause has been greatly enriched.”
Over the three months that followed, another eight missions were undertaken. All but one proved successful. An unrelated accident had required a withdrawal of Jamus. No punishment was deemed necessary or administered.
Hallik was giddy with the progress the team had made. His shuttle landed outside the training compound and he waddled into the classroom building. A broad smile covered his face.
“Come. All of you.”
The group stood.
Bersa asked, “Has something happened, Master? We are in the process of preparing for our farming endeavor. This will be the first time out for Greta and Kerena.”
“The preparations can wait. Come, I have something to show you.”
The group walked from the building and up the shuttle ramp. They were then hustled into the benched room where Hallik had first questioned them. The rumble of gravity drives followed as the Greft lifted up through the sky.
Hallik said, “I made a purchase for us with the monies this team has already brought in. We will be moving our operational headquarters.”
After a wormhole jump, the ship slowed as it approached an orbital station.
“Welcome to Beta Canterra. It's an old Human science station. It was abandoned as being useless shortly after the overthrow. The planet below is somewhat hostile to life and will never be settled. The station itself was too costly to move or to continue to operate, so it was shut down. It's been bought and sold a hundred times since then, mostly as a collector's curiosity. It has been owned by several emperors over its lifetime.”
Bersa asked, “And you bought this for us to use?”
Hallik nodded as they pulled into a docking bay. “Yes. It's perfect. It's out of the way from the trade routes. Logs show there hasn't been a visitor in this system for a century. And the planets have been designated as poor for mining purposes due to their climates, and toxic due to various plants that foul the atmosphere with spores. We should be able to operate from here with complete anonymity. Back on Caloran, my comings and goings were continuously logged.”
Jamus said, “So we were on Caloran after all.”
“Yes. It was economical at the time.”
Lights in the bay came up as a great door opening out into space began to close.
Hallik grinned. “Perfect. The first power station has been restored. Two more and we're in business.”
The bay door boomed as the precision steel met its frame. With a hiss, the pneumatic seals closed it off from the black void outside.
“Excellent. Power station two is now online. One more.”
Hallik brought a structural image up on the wall of the shuttle. “Twelve decks. Approximately two square kilometers of space. And it's all ours to make use of.”
An indicator showed the third power station lighting up. The environmental systems slowly came to life. The sound of air rushing in was piped into the shuttle seating area where they were gathered.
“The atmosphere is coming online. The water and recycling system will follow. My team has given me an estimate of thirty minutes before it will be safe to go out. Isn't this exciting? You will be the first Humans to walk this station in ten thousand years!”
Dester asked, “Will we be confined to a single deck? That's a lot of space.”
“You will be free to roam the entire station. I will be tasking an assistant with giving a half day of instruction on the station, its features, how to maintain it, basically everything you will need to know to live here on a continuous basis. This will be the main operations center for our organization. The facilities here can support up to five hundred people.”
“So we're expanding?”
“Possibly. As of right now, you are still my only team. I'd like to get another dozen mission successes before further contemplating an expansion.”
Minutes later, a chime sounded and an aid delivered news of the station atmosphere being ready for occupation. The hatch door unsealed, and the ramp lowered. An excited Hallik was the first down on the deck.
“Hmm. Musty.”
His aid nodded. “Yes, Master. I'm told any smell will be cleared by the end of the day. I have a tour prepared if you and the team are ready to begin.”
Hallik smiled. “Please, take it away, Gwad. Tell us about this bay.”
The Brekan aid cleared his throat. “The Beta Station has two such bays, along with two externally connecting ports. Personnel are generally brought into the bay while supplies come in through the ports. When the light, halfway up the wall and circling this bay, turns yellow, you have two minutes to clear the area. When red, the atmosphere will be removed and the bay door may then be opened or closed. When green, the door is sealed and the atmosphere breathable. You only need worry about yellow. That means it's time to exit the bay.
“As you can see, a number of offices line the area. Each is sealed when the bay is open. I think we can safely assume they were used for bay management when the station was in use. The second bay is identical to this one, only on the opposite side of this station. The external ports are extendable and retractable. They will connect to a standard docking port on all the ships of the Markux Empire.”
Hallik nodded. “Fascinating.”
Gwad led the group out into a hall. “The administrative deck is deck one. Deck two is dining, recreation... much like our white building on Caloran. Deck three, just above us, is storage. Deck four, this deck, is transport, communications, and security. Just below, decks five and six are again storage. Deck seven is housing. Decks eight through ten are science. Deck eleven is engineering. And deck twelve is maintenance, utilities, and power.”
The group followed Gwad as they made their way up a stairwell. “Every deck has a backup power unit and its own environmental system. Should a breach happen anywhere on the station, the deck where it happened will be immediately sealed off from the others. Every deck can be isolated on its own. I believe I read where the individual sealings were designed to also prevent the spread of death or disease should a science experiment go awry. Apparently the collection and study of pathogens was common. And the planet below is supposedly loaded with them.”
Dester pointed down. “We won't be going down there, will we?”
Gwad shook his head. “I am not privy to that information.”
Hallik said, “We have no business down on the surface at this time. Gwad, please continue.”
The group entered the administrative deck. The center of the room was a hundred meters long by fifty meters wide. The floor was covered with desks, consoles, and short storage cabinets. The outer walls were lined with offices. The ceiling was ten meters high.
As was seen when glancing out at the other decks on the way up, the interior of the station was a bright white. Floors were dark and made of a spongy underlayment with a thin tile-like topping, yielding a surface that was firm and yet comfortable. Ceilings were a soft gray, with lighting sunken and embedded as to not cause any glare unless one looked directly up.
A twin accent stripe covered every wall up near the ceiling. The deck number was included every five meters in the stripes. The accent color for each deck was also embedded in the floor color. The environment as a whole had the appearance of being warm, bright, and clean.
Gwad proceeded to a table in the center of the room. “Here. Each of you will have a management bracelet. It has your comm, your security access to the different decks, and controls for lighting.”
The aide tapped on his bracelet, and the lights above the group dimmed and then brightened. “Within your work area you can make adjustments as needed. If you notice the light that rims the ceiling, you will see that it is currently a warm yellow. Toward the time of day that will be designated as dusk, the lighting will turn orange before slowly fading off.
“We are also in a geosynchronous orbit above this planet. If you notice the bright section of the rim-light, that signifies the position of the sun relative to daytime. It seems the Humans took care to make this station acceptable for long-term living. The logs suggest work assignments lasted five years or more.”
The tour moved quickly from that point, descending through each deck until the power rooms were reached on deck twelve. Three giant fusion reactors were spread equidistant apart. Two Talion engineers walked about with touch-pads, taking notes and discussing display readouts.
Hallik grinned. “Remarkable. Ten thousand years and the reactors are able to light right off.”
Gwad shook his head. “Not exactly, sir. They were run for several hours after you initially purchased her. A number of repairs had to be made to bring them back to this level of operation. I'm told that within another ten days they will be back to original specifications. The hydrogen fuel on this station should keep them powered for two years or longer.”
Gwad turned to the others. “That concludes our tour. If you have any questions, I'd be happy to answer what I can. You can also log into the station maintenance system from any console. Or any of the station’s systems for that matter. For the time being, you will be restricted to read-access only. We're only getting a handle on many of these systems ourselves.”
Jamus asked, “The science decks, we moved through those pretty quickly. Any reason for that?”
“As I indicated earlier, this station was used to study many of the pathogens on the planet below. Some of those may still be aboard. Until we have a full accounting of what's here, I would ask that you restrict your visits on those decks to sightseeing from the main hallway. Do not open closed doors or unseal containers. There are detection systems operating on those decks, but my understanding is they are limited. We don't want to kill ourselves here, so please be cautious and careful.”
A comm came in to Gwad. He nodded his head in response. “As a special surprise, we'll be proceeding back to deck two. I'm told a meal is waiting for us in the dining area, courtesy of the Greft's chef, and of course Master Hallik.”
A small feast was enjoyed by all before Hallik and Gwad departed for the shuttle and other business. The group was led to deck seven, where each would be allowed to choose their own quarters. Crew accommodations ranged from a pair of suites for upper management, to rooms similar in size to the rooms at Caloran, to rooms with up to eight bunks and a shared bath.
Jamus stood looking into a suite.
Bersa approached him from behind. “The others have voted. The suites are ours.”
Jamus slowly nodded. “Tell them thanks, but I'll be taking a standard room. If Daniel is able to rejoin us, this suite can be his. He's given the most of each of us.”
Bersa smiled. “You are a man of compassion, Mr. Turnbull.”
“Yeah, just don't get on my bad side. I can be a bit like Dester when it comes to that.”
“The group views you as their leader. Even Mr. Marr.”
“They just don't want the responsibility of decision making, and I can't blame them. I feel a tremendous weight on my shoulders every time I send one of them on a mission. And relief when they come back whole.”
“As do we all.”
“So what makes me special, Bersa? Why do they look up to me?”
“I suspect it has something to do with you being aware for as long as you have been. Your thinking is clear. It's given me insight into what a Human-run empire would have been like. I'm afraid my species, the Girda, would have been delegated to many of the menial tasks.”
“You seem smart enough.”
“I am an exception among my people. My educational scoring placed me in the top 3 percent of all the non-Human species. And here I am with five Humans, supposedly average Humans, and you are all equally as intelligent. In some ways more so.”
Jamus chuckled. “We have our dumb moments. And I'm sure we had our share of deviants and criminals. All you have to do is look at the Great Betrayer for that. Do the records show what he got out of that? A palace? A billion credits?”
“My understanding is that he disappeared from existence. Historical records say he was to be celebrated and rewarded, only he was never heard from again.”
“Might have been one of his own got to him. I know he wouldn't last long if I got my hands on him.”
Kerena approached. “Everyone’s selected a room. Will we be getting back to training? The next mission is mine and I want to be fully prepared.”
Bersa smiled. “We are now on Empire Standard Time. Days will be twenty-four hours in length. There will be three meals per day instead of the customary four. Meals will be at 6AM, noon, and 6PM. Classtime will begin at 6:30AM and run until 8:30PM. Today, however, is your day to roam about and do as you please. It is 5PM EST. You have three and a half hours to do with as you will. In the morning we will continue with your training.”
Jamus tapped Kerena on the shoulder. “Come on, we'll go check out the science labs. Let's see if we can unleash a plague or something.”
Dester came up behind them. “I'm going with. Gotta be something interesting down there. Why else would they build this entire station out here?”
An elevator was taken to deck eight. The floor was divided into several conference rooms, offices, a storage area, and four large, sealed labs.
Dester walked to a terminal. “I'll see if I can find out what it was they were looking at here.”
Kerena walked to the lab windows. “Two of them appear to be clean. These other two definitely had something going on.” She reached for a door handle.
Jamus hurried forward. “Whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't be opening that.”
“It's been nearly ten thousand years. And this station was shut down for most of that. This whole place would have been freezing. Nothing would survive in there.”
Jamus chuckled. “Since when did you become an expert on space dynamics?”
“I've been reading everything I can on space. Did you know, if we were to go outside, the radiation from that sun would kill us? And the cold would kill us. And the vacuum of space would kill us.”
“Well, we'll stay inside then. And I'd rather not take a chance with opening this door. A toxin doesn't have to be living, you know. Could just be a simple poison, floating on dust in the air.”
Dester said, “Lab 2 was experimenting with an airborne spore called Lyset. Caused uncontrolled growth of brain cells in lab animals. Don't think we want to go in there.”
Jamus tapped his comm until he had connections to everyone. “Nobody goes into any lab until we've fully determined them to be safe. We have one that has a nasty spore in it, which means it can float. And we don't want it loose on this station with us.”
Bersa joined the comm. “We have a shuttle landing if everyone would come up to bay two.”
The members converged in the hall outside. Several minutes passed while the bay door closed and sealed. A green lamp over the door going into the bay lit at the same instant the door lock flipped open. As the group walked in, the shuttle ramp lowered.
Hallik's team of doctors walked down onto the deck. Seconds later, Daniel Pike appeared in a wheeled chair. Jamus hurried up the ramp to help him down.
“Didn't expect to see you here.”
Daniel replied, “The doctors are all being moved and I go where they go. I'm told deck ten will become a medical bay. I'll be the first patient. Any future injuries to the team can be taken care of right here on this station.”
“Have you already seen it? The station I mean?”
“Not yet. First time here.”
“I'll take you on the tour.”
A smiling Jamus Turnbull rolled his young friend along as the others greeted him one by one. After all decks were visited, they returned to deck seven.
“I saved this suite for you,” said Jamus. “Should have ample room to move around in that chair.”
Daniel grabbed his forearm. “Glad to be back with the team. I missed you all. Master Hallik told me I could supervise the maintenance crew once they’re brought aboard.”
Jamus nodded in approval. “I'm certain you'll do a fine job.”

Chapter   8
_______________________

In the three months that followed, another dozen missions were completed, all successful. Hallik had risen a full rank on the wealth scale for Betuaon State. Three Brekans, two Talions, a Leuchen, and a Sevada remained above him.
On Beta Station, Daniel had undergone two additional surgeries. The injuries, except for those to the spinal cord itself, were all healing without issue, and a new motorized chair had been constructed for his use.
The relationship between Greta and Martin continued to grow. An announcement of the two becoming husband and wife was expected at any time.
Hallik sat in the new lounge across from Jamus. “Mr. Turnbull, I was wondering if you would have interest in a spouse?”
Jamus chuckled. “You trying to get rid of one?”
Hallik smiled. “Actually, yes. One of eight. Her demands on my time while at home are unfair to my other wives. I would rather have dissension by one than seven, so she will probably be placed back in the pool. She's attractive, and younger. There are many Brekan executives out there who would be proud to call her their own.”
“Eight wives? What's the pool?”
“The pool is a registry for single females whose primary function is as a spouse. There is a similar pool of males for husbands. And yes, eight wives. Upper tier executives and planetary governors need prestige symbols. Wives are one of those. There comes a point, however, where wealth is the main driver of prestige. I have moved up a notch. It would do me well to be rid of the stress and the bother of the problem spouse. I have far too much on my mind.”
Jamus smirked. “Same here. I don't know where I'd find the time to spend with one. Martin and Greta seem happy. I just don't want to be so happy that I'm distracted. There's too much at stake for us all.”
“A wise move, Mr. Turnbull.”
Hallik looked at the time on his bracelet. “We should have a visitor coming in any moment. I decided to add a new team member. He's young, like Kerena, and has tested out as very even tempered. He's strong, and I believe he will be a good fit for the team.”
“What does that mean for Daniel?”
“Mr. Pike has nothing to worry about. His business is now here on this station, keeping it operational. And should the team, or Bersa, or our medical team need anything, he will be tasked with expediting it. In addition, he will be available to consult with you when missions include procurement or maintenance tasks. He will remain a valued member of the team.”
Jamus nodded. “Good. I'd throw as much work at him as you can. He's happiest when he's busy.”
“I believe our entire team to be of that persuasion, Mr. Turnbull. I also believe that to be one of the reasons for our continued success.”
Jamus looked around the room. “There are monitors on almost every wall. Any idea what they were used for? Dester believes it was for some sort of news-feeds.”
Hallik sighed. “Yes, you people were obsessed with information, just as many of ours are now. Feeds from any number of planets could be brought up on any of those displays. Whenever I reach comm distance of a planet, I monitor the broadcasts for the latest information. If there are celebrations or riots, or a new appointment to a position that might affect my business, I want to know. I have my staff monitoring them as well.”
“OK. But how'd they get those out here?”
“A tiny wormhole connection exists between every populated planet in the empire. Multiple broadcast feeds are beamed each way. At Caloran I can see the weather in a city on Gatumon or Kronong for example, before jumping to either planet. Once connected to the network of the empire I can get news from any planet instantly. It allows comm connections as well. Saves us the trouble of having to jump from one to another and another to deliver critical news.”
“Interesting. Any way we can get a connection opened to here?”
“I'm afraid not. That would give the security force of any colony direct access to the network of this facility. While some of the data we could gather might be of use to us, the risk to exposing this operation would rise exponentially. Until such time as we can figure out our security issues, the feeds will remain off.”
“Hmm. So back on Caloran we could have intercepted those broadcasts and seen what was happening on the other side of the empire?”
“Not without a full connection. And again, we could not risk the discovery of that facility.”
“You seem a little upset at my asking. Is there something on those broadcasts we shouldn't see?”
Hallik was silent for several seconds, forming up his reply. “Indeed there is, Mr. Turnbull. I've been pleasantly surprised at how you and the team have handled the information you have become privy to. My concern at the moment is that I don't wish for you to become overwhelmed, or to have emotions that distract your otherwise excellent focus. Perhaps once we've taken the governorship of Betuaon State I can open your eyes to the real empire.”
“You still have the ultimate say, Hallik. We're committed to working for you.”
The awaited shuttle docked, and the new recruit was escorted to the lounge.
Bersa introduced him. “Everyone, this is Jim Wazny, your new team member. He will be replacing Mr. Pike in fulfilling his mission roles. Mr. Pike will remain as our maintenance supervisor for this station and as a consultant for missions where his new expertise may come into play. Please welcome Mr. Wazny to the team.”
Hallik watched with a smile as each of the members offered a warm greeting, Dester Marr being the last.
“So, Waz, where were you brought in from?”
“A factory in Haraku.”
“And before that?”
“Farms. Mines. Housing staff. Gardener. Shepherd. Just about everything.”
“You have a wife? Children?”
“They work a farm on Haraku. The field manager there is fair, so I've asked Master Hallik that they be allowed to stay at that farm. He has agreed. And I'd like to say, I'm still in shock there are others who are aware. I've heard the rumors, I've just not been witness to it.”
Hallik nodded. “It seems to be happening more every day. Jamus, Mr. Wazny has agreed to all the terms of laboring for our cause. I'm placing him in your care. Please see that he is brought up to speed as quickly as possible. And please keep in mind I will be evaluating his progress. Should it be sub-par, he will be subject to replacement.”
“We'll do our best to bring him along.”
Dester said, “If there's trouble, we'll send in the Waz.”
Jim smiled. “Protect my family and I will do whatever is required of me.”
“Thought he was supposed to be young?” Jamus asked.
Gwad shook his head. “The younger associate, Milford Pearls, was unable to grasp the concept of our mission.”
Hallik received a comm and scurried away. Several minutes later, an indicator on the wall showed his shuttle had departed.
Bersa clapped her hands together. “Your hour of free time is over. Please proceed to the housing deck in a timely manner.”
The following morning, as breakfast was complete, Bersa joined Jamus and Jim. “Mr. Turnbull, as Master Hallik said, Mr. Wazny is your new charge. You will see to it he is familiarized with our schedules. Mr. Wazny, please refrain from asking questions during your first classroom session today. You will be given side assignments that should assist in accelerating your readiness for a mission.”
The classroom training ran until noon. As the others hurried through their meals, Bersa took the few minutes available, after downing her food, to give a speech about Humans and freedom. The afternoon session was then followed by dinner and the final two hours of instruction. A walk down the stairs took the group to the housing deck.
Jamus lingered in the door of Jim's room. “I know this is all kind of a shock to you, but it is really happening. If we move Hallik up in the ranks of governance, to the top, he promises to give all Humans our freedom.”
“And you believe him?”
“At the moment we don't have much of a choice. But you can bet as the time draws near, we will make an effort to see he does exactly that. I don't expect that to happen anytime soon, so we should have plenty of time to plan for it when the need arises. I will say that so far he has been good to us. We won't be asked to take any Human lives, except perhaps our own should we be caught. And our actions haven't resulted in injuries to people as of yet. Except one of our own, the guy who you're replacing.”
“Yes, Mr. Pike. I was briefed on his accident.”
“We're a tight group here. Dester will try to stir things up on occasion, but when it comes down to it, he cares. Martin is quiet but quick to temper if agitated. The Bachran girls are both reserved, although Kerena doesn't shy away from a challenge. Hallik indicated you were young. I would put you at closer to my age, if not beyond.”
“There was a younger recruit being prepared along with me that may have been slated to come first. I was told he had issues. I suspect we won't be seeing him, ever.”
Jamus sighed. “It's a hard thing to hear. I want to say you'll get used to it but you won't. People will die. Hopefully not by our hand, but as I’ve been told over and over, sacrifices will have to be made. Hallik argues that it's worth it to lose a single life if you're saving a thousand. It's really not that simple, but you'll have to cope if you want to stay alive.”
“I will cope.”
Two days of quiet observation were spent by the new agent as a course was given on standard ship's systems. Then maintenance, housekeeping, kitchen staff, waiters and waitresses, all of the Human positions were taught that would be on a shuttle belonging to a wealthy government official. The next mission was then revealed.
“Greta will be going out on this one,” Bersa said. “She will be rented out as a temporary personal slave for the third wife of Poch. Master Poch is a Leuchen, and his third wife is rumored to be rather hard on her slaves. You will be attending to whatever tasks she asks of you. If you do as you're told, you should do well.”
“When you say harsh,” said Martin, “explain?”
“It has been rumored that her slaves are prone to being beaten. Generally not severely, but beaten nonetheless. As a member of her personal slave pool, you will be privy to any conversation she has. Leuchen wives like to be involved in their husband’s business, so we are expecting good information from this mission. It may last anywhere from two to five days.”
Martin scowled. “Beaten? For no reason other than anger?”
Bersa nodded. “That is the rumor. I'm not aware of any deaths, although I suppose if an injury is severe enough for a slave to be replaced, the injured one is done away with.”
“I can do it,” said Greta. “I've been beaten before.”
“I suspect if you perform the duties as asked, there will be no beatings. Master Hallik believes this mission to be of great importance. There will be votes on matters crucial to his businesses, where he would like to know the planned outcome.”
“As I said, I can do it. When are we expected to get a date for this?”
“You will be taken to the colony of Burada III tomorrow. Master Poch's shuttle is expected to be there for a short visit.”
“I’m ready.”
“Yes. I believe you to be capable, but just the same, tomorrow will be spent performing tasks in Gordia's chambers on the shuttle—Gordia being Master Poch's third wife. Our crew is constructing a mock-up as we speak. Tomorrow you will become intimately familiar with those chambers.”
The next day saw Greta performing a variety of tasks for a stand-in Gordia. The third wife of Poch was a large female, as were most Leuchens. Martin was given the role of Mistress Gordia, which in turn led to a few too many giggles from Greta as she went about her given tasks.
When the shuttle arrived to collect Greta, her instructor had a few harsh words. “Professionalism—I expect you to be thinking of nothing but the task at hand. Don't be quick to follow, but don't be sluggish or you may receive a whack from Gordia’s baton.”
Martin reacted with anger. “Baton? You didn't mention a baton yesterday.”
“The Leuchens detest touching Humans. If she receives a strike it will be by an implement of some sort. And if she decides to deliver a beating... cower and accept it, just as any smudger would do.”
Martin held her for an extended hug as they stood in the shuttle doorway. “Please be careful. I don't know if I can stand by peacefully and watch you be beaten.”
“I will be fine. If that situation is developing, just move yourself away from the display. Don't watch. Just know that I will be coming back to you when the mission is over.”
“That’s one of my concerns. There seems to be no end scheduled for this mission. Bersa indicated up to five days, but now won't say if it's for five days or five years.”
Jamus placed his hand on Martin's shoulder. “Let her go. We don't have a choice here. If she follows the request of her new master, all will be well. Poch is next in line above Hallik. If we can take him down, we move up.”
The shuttle soon departed. Martin was in a poor mood. The new member, Jim Wazny, or Waz as Dester liked to call him, was soaking everything in. With Greta on her way, a free hour was given as a reward for everyone's hard study.
Waz sat next to Jamus at a table, where they were soon joined by Dester. “The Waz... what do you think of our outfit so far?”
“Two months ago I wouldn't have dreamed any of this was possible. Of course, when on the Smudge, you would rarely dream.”
Dester nodded. “They time that dose so it puts you in a deep sleep. The more rested you are, the better you will perform the next day.”
“Is that true?”
“According to Bersa, over there it is. These are the little tid-bits you'll pick up from general discussions. Such as, did you know all the doses of Smudge are the same? It's actually hardest on the kids because they're taking a lot stronger of a dose per their weight. Ever see a kid who's missing their Smudge and you now know why they whine for it so much. Also bad for your smaller women.”
Dester turned, briefly looking over his shoulder. “Almost wonder how it even works on the big dolts like Martin.”
A scowl from the large Human had Dester turned back toward the others.
“Will I be seeing the rest of Beta Station at some point?”
“I'm waiting until they give us two hours of free time,” answered Jamus. “Nothing special you need to see for anything other than curiosity's sake.”
Daniel powered himself into the room. “So this is my replacement?”
Jamus smiled. “You seem to be getting around in that thing nicely. Jim Wazny, this is Daniel Pike. Even though injured, Master Hallik has seen to it that he's being taken care of.”
“Hello, Mr. Pike.”
“Hello.”
Dester said, “Looks like you move faster in that thing than you did walking.”
“It's not bad. I can get in and out easy enough. I just have a hard time reaching for things up high.”
“You should have your boys fashion you some type of grabber.”
Jamus asked, “You just think that up yourself?”
“No.” Dester smirked. “Saw them at the factory. The parts pullers used them to grab items from high shelves. A picture of that just popped into my mind when he mentioned having to reach.”
“Well, thank you just the same, Mr. Marr. I'll mention that to my crew.”
“Crew... kind of funny a Human having a crew, isn't it?”
Jamus replied, “Hopefully not for long.”
“You really think our full freedom is possible?” Jim asked.
“Meh.” Dester scowled. “Not in the next decade. We have to make Hallik state governor, district governor, sector governor and then emperor after that. Unless you have some magic shortcut in mind?”
“I have no shortcuts, Mr. Marr. All of this is still a bit overwhelming.”
“You get used to it,” said Daniel. “Bersa has our lessons well organized. I only went in on the one mission, but I was ready. I knew what I was supposed to do and how. If it hadn't been for that accident... I would be sitting there and you would have been... well, never mind.”
“I'm aware of the consequences of being aware, Mr. Pike. It has given me every incentive to be cooperative with this group.”

Chapter   9
_______________________

Greta was soon introduced to her new master. Gordia had a permanent scowl and a quick temper. Only minutes into the introduction, Gordia's slave servant was given a whack for good measure.
The third wife of Poch stood over her newest possession. “You will move when asked. You will carry out all tasks as asked. And you will do those tasks better every time until I no longer need to ask. If for any reason you cannot comply, you will be replaced. Now go get a towel for my feet. They are sweating and I cannot have them in that condition when seeing my husband.”
A moderate whack sent Greta on her way to a closet. Moments later she returned with a towel and began the task of gently drying the perspiration from Gordia's feet, taking care to press between her toes in an effort to do a complete job.
Gordia gazed down, wiggling her appendages as Greta moved to dry her shoes. “Hmm, finally a slave I am not forced to beat.”
A swift whack from her baton followed as she looked at the Human female with disgust. “Let that be a lesson for your future.”
Her shoes, with sixteen-centimeter heels, looked as though they wouldn't support the weight of the giant Leuchen. After standing, the heavy alien showed herself to be quite nimble as she moved from the foot-chair over to a mirror. Two other chambermaids hurried to her side and began applying several coats of makeup.
Greta stood with an empty smile, awaiting her next command as she glanced around the room. Gold and red sashes, interspersed with silken draperies, adorned the walls. Every few meters along those walls, an image of Master Poch could be seen in different poses, brandishing a ceremonial sword or flashing the medals on his government dress uniform.
As the makeup job came to completion, Gordia pointed at Greta. “You, fetch my leg casings from that chest. The red ones with the gold and diamond inlays. Bring them to the chair.”
Greta pulled the casings from the chest as the two aides beside Gordia removed a skirt, revealing the backside and privates of their master. Still in her heels, she sauntered over to receive the casings, turning her plump-rump toward Greta as she was reached. The team grimaced at the unsightly image on the display in front of them as they watched from their location on Beta Station.
Dester looked on with one eye squinted, periodically glancing away. “Please tell me this is gonna be over soon…”
The rump of the Leuchen was covered with boils, crevasses, depressions from failed blood vessels, moles, and warts, much like her face. In the Leuchen culture, the more occlusions a body had, the more attractive a mate. Gordia had landed a very wealthy husband.
Greta began the work of attaching the leg casings. Other than a flexible joint at the knee, the casings were rigid and straight. They were also made to be several sizes too small. The beastly legs of her master had to be pushed, poked, prodded, and then crammed to fit inside the opened casings. A pair of clasps on the back of each were latched and pulled hard shut. The second casing was not going on as planned.
Gordia looked down at her newest slave with disgust. “And to think only moments ago I had such high hopes for you.”
The clasp clicked into place as a whack from a baton came down upon her left shoulder. Martin sat with an angry scowl, watching his mate punished. Greta lowered her head in submission as she turned back toward the chest.
Gordia glided in her heels to a closet, where the next part of her outfit was waiting, along with the other two chambermaids. A heavy mesh screen was attached to her waist. It circled her backside and was used to push the fatty, occluded flesh upward and into a shape that was more appealing to the males of her species. A leather girdle then surrounded her waist, again pushing everything up, followed by a six-cup brazier, shoulder pads, and a spiked steel collar. A bizarre sight for any Human, but pleasing and enticing to any male Leuchen.
When a grand gown was lowered over her from the ceiling, the outfitting was complete. A dozen snaps fastened the gown in just the right places, allowing Gordia to be the bright mound of Leuchen hotness that she was. A jeweled headdress was placed upon her rotund, bald head.
One of the maids was again whacked with the baton to hurry her out of her master's way. The big Leuchen strode to the doors, which were opened by a valet, exiting into the hallway on her way to see her husband.
Greta turned to the other maids. “Will she be gone long?”
Blank stares were returned by both women before they walked to other parts of the room to perform their regular duties. Greta closed the chest, wiped an oily film from the base of the chair, and returned the towel to a hamper.
Bersa said, “She will be attending a ladies’ retreat for most of the next several days. Shall we divert our attention to the coming mission?”
Jamus asked, “And what would that be?”
“Janitorial duties on Master Poch's shuttle. We will be adding crew members so long as openings occur, which should be coming shortly.”
Martin stood. “I will go.”
Bersa smiled and slowly shook her head. “No. You would never pass as a custodian. They are expected to be quiet, discreet, and largely unseen. You would be anything but unseen, Mr. Gecka. I'm afraid this assignment will be going to our new member, Mr. Wazny.”
Jamus tilted his head with an uneasy look. “Is that such a good idea? He's only been with us for a few days.”
Bersa turned to face Jim. “Mr. Wazny, your prior assignments listed custodial work on a freighter before being transported to Haraku from Kronong. I believe you spent time cleaning floors, is that not correct?”
“I did. Lasted for three months before my family was sold to Master Hallik.”
“Perfect. You will be responsible for cleaning floors on the Erokka. Since you are familiar with the task, that training can be minimized. We will focus our efforts on event recollection and on being in the right place at the right time, but without being noticed.”
“I can do this. I'll contribute in whatever way I can.”
Jamus scowled. “I don't like this, Bersa. He hasn't had time to absorb the lessons you've given the rest of us over the last months. He needs time to mature.”
“This request has already come through, Mr. Turnbull. Our focus should be on readying Mr. Wazny as best we can.”
“I'll go,” Jamus said. “I can clean floors.”
Bersa pursed her lips. “I'm afraid the decision has already been made.”
“I thought we were supposed to give input on these missions?”
“Your input has been received and denied. Now please, let's focus on the task at hand.”
Two days were spent on giving Jim Wazny as many tips and tricks as could reasonably be absorbed. Jamus continued with his protests throughout. Late that afternoon, a shuttle came in to collect the new custodian of the Erokka.
As the shuttle moved away, the team was given a two-hour break.
Jamus paced back and forth. Martin sat staring at an image of Gordia's chambers as seen from the camera on Greta's uniform. Bersa sat sipping a tea that was common on her former capital world of Breenlok. Kerena was sitting at a table with Dester Marr.
“You think we'll ever make it? To freedom I mean,” Kerena asked.
“Who knows how far this... concocted spy network will make it. Look at us. We're barely out from under a drug we've been on our whole lives. It's been eye-opening as to what we can do with so little education, but will we be able to take this all the way? Who knows? One thing is certain, even the masters don't seem all that bright. Hallik excluded.”
Dester pointed around at the station surrounding them. “This place. Humans built it ten thousand years ago. Have you noticed that it looks a lot like the other ships we've been riding around in? You'd think ten thousand years of evolution might have changed a few things by now.”
Bersa joined the conversation. “The rulers are a stodgy lot. They like the status quo. The shipyards, of which there are only a handful, produce the same designs they did when the empire first transitioned from Human dominance. Our people are good at manufacturing copies. Most of the technologies, in fact the vast majority of the tech, are Human designs. Also of note is the fact that other than the Human slave population, the empire's population has not grown in over nine thousand years. Birth quotas have been in effect since that time.”
Dester returned a half scowl. “How many colonized planets in the empire?”
“Eight hundred and seventy-two. There are four sectors, twelve districts, and forty-eight states. Each state averages eighteen colony planets.”
“And we... Hallik, controls three?”
“Major parts of three would be a more correct statement.”
Dester crossed his arms. “That sounds a good bit larger a task than saying control a state, a district, and then a sector before controlling the empire. We'll be doing this for the rest of our lives. And at some point someone will wise up to what's going on.”
“As I stated, the rulers of this empire move through life without much effort. Wealth governs most, with the higher ups rarely changing positions. They are content to stay where they are and to wield the power they do, all while maintaining their current position. Those under them dare not push upward without risking reprisal. Frankly speaking, the majority of the empire has changed little since we took over.”
Kerena said, “We only occupy a small portion of this galaxy. There are other planets out there to be colonized. Are we certain there are no other species out there we should be worried about?”
Bersa smiled. “We are secure. With the wormhole technology, ships were sent to explore every star system within ten thousand light years. No other sentient life was found. In fact, very little other life was found. If you visit each of the colonies you would notice that many of the plants, trees, shrubs, grasses, and even animals and insects, are the same. Most were brought by Humans during their initial expansion.”
Dester leaned forward. “How was it you were able to overthrow us? Doesn't sound like you had the brains for it.”
“We were allowed to be part of the empire's military, mostly patrolling and policing our own worlds. The great Human fleet controlled the entirety of the empire. It is believed that with the lack of enemies, due to us all having a single government, the Human fleet was parked in a single location, a location unknown to us. However, our rulers became wise to the Human complacency and concocted a plan for an overthrow.
“A raid was conducted on the parked Human fleet, catching them completely off guard. The fleet command was captured, and with it the bulk of the ships. Those ships, now under our control, were used to subdue the remainder of the Human colonies. And it all occurred because a single Human turned on his own people and led our ships to the idle fleet.”
“The Great Betrayer?”
Bersa nodded. “The Great Betrayer.”
Dester rubbed his forehead. “Wow… that's a lot to take in. We built all this. We ran all this. We lost all this. And for the ten thousand years since, your people have kept it largely how it was, even though there are probably thousands of habitable planets out there in the great beyond.”
“Each of those statements are true. And might I add that if we are successful in elevating Master Hallik to the position of emperor, those thousands of habitable planets are still out there to be explored, exploited, and populated. None of that will happen under the current emperor or with the empire's inane rules. Everything is geared toward maintaining what we have.”
“That doesn't make sense. Why not move forward?”
Bersa offered a slow sigh. “I believe our people lack the intellect, Mr. Marr. They certainly lack any drive for change. The focus of our meager science community is toward keeping what we have running... running.”
“Our home planet, Earth. Whatever happened to it?”
“Earth remains abandoned. No ships are allowed to travel to it. When your people were taken into slavery from there, the world was left as it was, empty of Humans for ten thousand years. I suspect the natural processes have probably reclaimed most of what had been achieved. I suppose it might be interesting to one day explore.”
“Maybe we could move our headquarters there instead of on this station.”
“I don't believe that to be possible. The Earth system is off limits to all travel. At least that's my understanding. I'm told there are monitors there to report any intrusions.”
Dester leaned back in his chair. “Huh. So we have a galaxy that's largely unexplored and an emperor and ruling families who have no desire to change anything. Maybe we do have a shot at taking this all back.”
“That is the vision of Master Hallik.”
Jamus turned toward the table with Dester and the others. “Looks like Mr. Wazny has made it to the Erokka.”
The display screen split between two views. On the left was the image of Gordia's chambers, coming from Greta. On the right was an image of the interior of a shuttle as it landed on a tarmac next to the Erokka. A ramp lowered and the janitorial slave was escorted toward his new assignment. Before the Waz could make it up the ramp of the Erokka, the delivering shuttle departed for elsewhere.
The maintenance officer greeted Jim with a slap to his head. “You will do as told, exactly when you are told. If I so much as see a speck on these floors I won't hesitate to purchase someone else. Now get to work. I want this floor spotless!”
A hard shove sent Jim stumbling forward before he caught his balance. A short walk to a maintenance cabinet had a damp towel, a dry towel, and a bucket all ready to use. The first floor to be tackled would be the entryway onto the Erokka. Jim got immediately to work.
The remainder of the free time passed with Greta standing at her post at the ready and Jim scrubbing the floors. The team returned to the classroom.
“What's next?” Jamus asked. “How long will they be there?”
Bersa replied, “At the moment those assignments are semi-permanent, Mr. Turnbull. Until such time as Poch's wealth is overtaken by Master Hallik, these assignments will remain in place. As to what's next, we are pushing to get openings with the dining staff and with Poch's personal staff. You, Mr. Turnbull, are in line for being a personal slave in Master Poch's chambers. Ms. Bachran will be joining that team as dining staff.”
“How do I get on there?” asked Martin.
“I'm afraid that will not happen, Mr. Gecka. Given your relationship with Greta, and the fact you are a gargantuan Human, we don't have a place for you to be. For the time being, you will remain here as support for the others.”
Dester crossed his arms. “And me?”
“The Erokka has an elder Human as a server for the bridge staff. The current server has been in that position for more than thirty years. I've been finding it difficult to make contact in any way with anyone who has contact with him. It seems he doesn't leave the ship or interact with others. Technically speaking, we can't get close enough to him to see that he is replaced.”
An alert flashed on the display.
Bersa clasped her hands together. “Excellent. Gordia is on her way back. Perhaps we will get our first bits of information from her when she returns to her chambers. I've been told she talks incessantly with her chambermaids about her outings. They don't respond with anything but empty smiles and nods, but she insists on rambling on.”
A commotion could be heard outside the chambers as the big Leuchen made her way in. The valet was pushed to the floor as she walked past him into the room.
Gordia stopped and pointed at Greta. “You! You embarrassed me!”
Martin stood.
“A latch on my right leg casing came unclasped! My leg was locked in place for twenty minutes until a correction could be made. This happened as I was having tea with the four ladies in my following. I... heard... a... snicker!”
As Greta knelt before her the baton was raised and brought down hard on her back... five hard strokes followed. A look of pain and anguish filled her face with each wallop.
Martin yelled, “We have to pull her out!”
Bersa returned a look of deep concern. “We can do nothing but hope her temper regulates. This is most unexpected and most unfortunate.”
Jamus said, “Hope it regulates? What do you mean by that?”
“I mean Ms. Bachran is in grave danger at the moment. The latch in question is the one she had trouble with. I would speculate it is likely defective. Regardless, our team member is in danger of being replaced at the moment.”
The offended Leuchen yelled, “You will pay for this with your life! Guards! Get in here! Take this piece of Human trash from my sight!”
Greta slowly stood, standing face to face with her attacker. Gordia stared back in amazement that a slave would be so bold as to look her in the eye.
Greta moved closer. Raising a finger. “You have beaten your last slave, you malevolent—”
Footsteps could be heard coming from the hallway outside. Greta Bachran stepped forward, giving her master a heavy shove, knocking her to the floor. She then stepped forward, snatching the baton from her hand. The personal slave delivered repeated whacks to the Leuchen, who was now terrified and groveling before her. As the guards entered the room, disbelieving what they were witness to, Greta poked her rear tooth, removing a capsule held within.
After spitting on the cowering master before her, she bit down on the toxic pill.
Martin yelled, “Noooo!”
The camera image changed as she dropped to on top of her masterette, showing a view from her body as it lay on its side. The stream of health monitor attributes that accompanied the video broadcast all slowly dropped to zero. Greta Bachran was dead.
Bersa paced the room. “This is horrific. Our entire program could be compromised.”
As Martin sat back in his chair, grasping his face in both hands as he tried to process what had happened, Jamus gave Bersa an angry glare. “We just lost one of our own and all you care about is the program?”
Bersa stood silent for several seconds. “I too liked Ms. Bachran. My concern for the program is that it's the reason we are all alive today. If compromised, we are all dead. Our colleague should be honored and celebrated for the sacrifice she just made for the rest of us.”
Jamus turned to check on Kerena. She was in the process of receiving a comforting hug from Dester Marr.

Chapter   10
_______________________

“So what do we do now? How do we recover from this?”
“I will make an attempt to recover the body. The camera is still on her uniform. If discovered, it may lead to Mr. Wazny being captured.”
“Again, your lack of empathy is telling.”
“Mr. Turnbull, I can assure you that my empathy is very much in line with yours! I, however, am a professional. We have a possibly disastrous situation here with regards to far more than our feelings. Our lives are in danger. Please allow me to ensure that our safety and security remains intact. If after this settles you still feel I am callous, you will have ample opportunity to chastise me at that time. Now, at the moment, we need to collect her body before it is taken away for study.”
“We should have had a crew ready for this. Disguised as the authorities that would normally pick up a derelict Human. We could have had a shuttle in and out of there in minutes, leaving no trace of the incident other than the irate third wife of Poch.”
Bersa nodded. “An excellent suggestion for future missions. I will see what I can put together in that regard.”
On the screen, Jim was standing in a room by himself. “I just overheard what happened,” he said. “If you can bring a shuttle, I can drag the body outside. I don't think anyone will question my action until after we've gone. I'm giving you fifteen minutes before I make that happen. Otherwise you'll have two bodies to collect.”
Bersa opened a comm to the shuttle pilot. “Return to where the Erokka is parked. Collect our two passengers. Land under the guise that you are with Betuaon State security. Answer no other questions. Make two jumps before bringing them back here to Beta Station.”
The Talion pilot replied, “And if I'm questioned?”
“The guards on the Erokka have nothing but batons. You will not be attacked or held for questioning. If successful, this will end your debt to Master Hallik. You will have a clean slate and will be free to do as you wish with your life, short of discussing any of this of course.”
“And my request for relocation to the Danton District?”
“It will be approved. Now hurry, you must be there in... twelve minutes. Sooner if possible.”
The shuttle landed as Jim Wazny was dragging the dead body of Greta Bachran down the ramp of the Erokka.
The two guards following him were asking why as the Talion pilot let himself be known. “Step back. The dead Human is now in the care of Betuaon security. Return to your duties and do not question this action if you value your lives and positions on that vessel.”
The guards looked at one another, nodded, and turned away.
The pilot assisted with pulling the lifeless body up the ramp of the shuttle. The ramp was raised, the hatch closed, and the shuttle quickly lifted away. Two jumps later, it was settling in the docking bay of Beta Station. Martin rushed up a lowered ramp.
Jim walked with Martin as he slowly came down to the deck with his never-to-be bride, followed by the Talion pilot.
Bersa said, “Take her down to the medical bay for attendance. Cromath, you will come with me. I have your transfer release ready for you. The rest of you are on permanent free time until this settles and a new mission is set.”
Kerena followed Martin as Dester and Jim joined Jamus in the lounge.
Jamus was shaking his head. “How'd that all go so wrong?”
“We're slaves,” replied Dester. “We have little value because there are millions of us waiting to take that job. Prior to this, I would have welcomed a baton strike a couple times a day for a cushy job like that.”
Jim nodded. “We all would have.”
Jamus sighed. “All over a failed clasp. First Daniel gets his spine snapped, and now this.”
Bersa returned to the group. “Unfortunate accidents, ones that cannot be planned for. We are playing a dangerous game, Mr. Turnbull. We do our best to avoid them, but casualties should be expected.”
An indicator on a wall display told of the shuttle lifting off.
Dester said, “That the pilot? At least someone gets his freedom.”
Bersa took a seat. “Cromath was released from duty, but not with his freedom. He chose to negotiate, and as such was terminated. His body is on that shuttle and the shuttle is headed directly into that sun. Both were liabilities and both have now been taken care of.”
Jamus turned. “You just killed him?”
“Yes. He was terminated—with cause I might add. His transfer to the Danton District was in his hand. Instead of joining us here until such time as a new shuttle arrived, he decided that shuttle should be given to him instead of being destroyed. The decision to terminate was immediate. Had he been allowed to leave after attempting to change the terms of our deal, he would have attempted to blackmail us with what he knew at a later date. It was inevitable, as was his termination.”
“Life doesn't have much value to you people, does it?”
“The value of another's life is subject to the threat it brings to your own, is it not? We must keep a tight organization here. Prior to this event, Cromath knew nothing of what we do or who we are. He was merely a shuttle pilot on a transport. When that body was grabbed and brought aboard, that all changed. When he made a deal with Master Hallik, a deal that would eventually clear his debt, the terms and conditions of any disclosure were clearly spelled out to him. He made his choice. We made ours.”
Martin returned a short time later. “I'm done. I'm out. Take me back to the farm.”
Kerena followed. “Me too. We want to bury Greta on Caloran.”
Bersa slowly shook her head. “You both know we cannot allow that. While I fully believe you would both remain silent, we cannot risk your discovery for being aware. Should that happen, the security authorities have methods of making you talk. I'm afraid I will have to deny your request.”
Hallik's shuttle landed in the bay. The rotund Brekan waddled into the lounge several minutes later.
“Bersa, what has happened?”
“We lost an associate today, Master. Gordia had an equipment failure. Our agent was blamed. The situation quickly spiraled out of control. Fortunately, we were able to contain the damage to the loss of our agent, and to the loss of a shuttle and its pilot.”
“A shuttle?”
“Cromath decided to renegotiate his contract given the new developments. I thought the risk to the program to be too great.”
“Where is Cromath now?”
“He and the shuttle entered the local sun only minutes ago.”
“No loose ends. Excellent work, Bersa.”
Hallik looked around the room. “Hmm. We're missing Greta Bachran. Unfortunate. She was an excellent agent. Mr. Gecka and Ms. Bachran, I am particularly sorry for your losses. Please take as much time as needed to mourn. The loss of family can be... disheartening.”
Bersa said, “As to the mission, sir. We were unable to gather any useful information before this incident. I'm afraid we'll have to approach Master Poch from a different angle.”
Jim raised a hand. “That may not be entirely true. I was only there for a handful of hours, but I did overhear personnel talking about a deal between Master Poch and Master Pilor. Something about Poch hiring Pilor for a new mine project. And there was talk of Master Pilor bringing half his crew from the Gatemon mines.”
Hallik rubbed his chin in thought for most of a minute. “Pilor is attempting to rebuild. And Poch is attempting to take advantage of his cheap labor. Interesting. With the mining profits at Gatemon under my control, and with the unseen automation of the mines, Pilor has workers to spare. Excellent news, Mr. Wazny. I shall get to work on a plan to capitalize on this development.”
Dester said, “And the Waz comes through.”
Hallik waddled back toward the door, before stopping and turning. “I truly am saddened by our losses today. But we cannot allow this to set us back. Your freedom, freedom for all Humans, is still at stake. Let's see what we can do to honor Ms. Bachran's sacrifice.”
Hallik departed for other business. Bersa moved to another room to have a private discussion about the purchase of a new shuttle. The others remained in the lounge.
Jamus sat in front with Kerena and Martin. “Maybe we can get Hallik to transport her back to Caloran for burial like you want. I don't see her being taken to the farm we left, but maybe to our facility there?”
Kerena sighed. “I don't think she would actually care. The farm wasn't our home because we were smudgers most of the time there. That facility? Maybe. But only because it was the first time we really experienced any freedom. That could be said about here as well. She was happiest here I think. With Martin. Would you have anything to add?”
Martin Gecka stood and paced in silence for several minutes. “I think Caloran. She would want to be on a planet and not in some space station. And I don't know that I could function knowing her body was here with us. She believed in our quest for freedom. We should take her to Caloran.”
Jamus stood, placing his hand on Martin's shoulder. “I don't see Bersa denying that. And not to be morbid, but she may not be the last of us to perish. Maybe we make that site into a sort of memorial for Humans who are lost in this effort. A place like that could become the foundation of our determination. A place to honor our fallen.”
Bersa joined the conversation from behind them. “An admirable solution. I shall make this happen. We will have a new shuttle and pilot here tomorrow. Greta Bachran will be transported to the surface for a Human burial.”
“You are taking us, right?”
“I would have it no other way. We are a team here. We celebrate our victories and mourn our losses, together.”
“What do the Girda do when you lose a family member?”
“Their assets are divided, sometimes under protest, and their body is sent away to be incinerated. The Girda way is one of honoring the living. The dead have had their time here and that time is over. I've always been fascinated as to why Humans mourn their dead, even though they lived as slaves their entire lives. Until here, now, on this station, I never understood why.”
“It's because we care about each other. Sad that something like that has to be a Human thing. Please tell me the Girda are alone in that heartless treatment of the dead.”
“The Brekan have a short somber ceremony before the body is ground into fertilizer and spread on fields. The Leuchen throw a grand feast, but those who have passed on are not mentioned or memorialized in any way. The Talion do not care in any way. Assets are taken by a court and distributed as that court sees fit. Then we have the Sevada. If possible, the blood is drained and mixed into a sausage that is then consumed by all who knew the person. The brain is removed, charred on a grill, and left for the birds to eat.”
Jim shook his head. “You people are strange. Too much focus on self and not others.”
Bersa nodded. “You are correct in more ways than you know. I will add this about our peoples though: we may not value life as much as you, but we don't take it either, excluding the rare criminal behavior or the lives of slaves of course. Humans, on the other hand, you had large police forces. There was always someone scamming or stealing or abusing others. Crime was rampant at times. Crackdowns would come, problems would stabilize, and then creep back over time.
“I studied what I could of your history while I had access to state records. While most of your citizens were honest and hard working and law abiding, there was always an undercurrent of miscreants who would want what they hadn't earned. I've often wondered if it wasn't that constant churn of learning and growing and losing and gaining and taking, and even giving, that was responsible for much of your success. I will admit to your people being much more lively than most citizens of the empire. We have turned into a content and uncaring empire, interested only in maintaining things as they are.”
The remainder of the day was spent in mourning. The following day a new shuttle arrived. The team and their fallen member were taken back to the compound on Caloran. A site was selected, and as was custom with Humans, the body of Greta Bachran was buried.
Martin stood for an hour staring down at the mound of earth in front of him. The others had boarded the shuttle. Kerena stood in the open hatch as Jamus made his way to his friend.
“Come on. We have work to do. She would want us to continue.”
Martin let out a sigh and turned toward the ship. “We've been at this for months, Jamus. When do I get my turn at the yoke?”
“I don't think right now is the best time. But soon. I'll push Hallik to see what can be done. There are billions of Human slaves out there doing work. Some of those tasks have to be well suited to a person such as you.”
The shuttle made its run back to Beta Station. The team moved to the lounge, where Bersa again took command.
“I've been given a new mission. Our next target will be Masterette Montat. Number six on the power list for all of Betuaon. We'll again be targeting a personal transport shuttle crew.”
“Masterette?” Jim asked.
Bersa nodded. “Yes, it is the designation given to our female masters. I believe it was at one time ‘mistress,’ but a female emperor felt it to be offensive and the term was changed.”
The lesson was continued. “Masterette Montat is a Talion. Talions are obsessed with order. They have strict procedures outlined for almost every task. You either follow those procedures precisely or you are replaced. Martin, this would have been your first assignment. The Masterette likes big strong Humans for her chamber... maids. Or in this case servants.”
Martin replied, “You said, ‘Would have been?’”
“I'm not certain you are yet mentally ready for an assignment. Show me you are mentally fit over the next two days and I will reevaluate your standing. At the moment we will be placing Jamus in that position.”
“I can do it. Please. I need this.”
“As I said, I'll be evaluating your performance over the coming days of instruction.”
The team moved to the classrooms, where Martin Gecka was put through the paces. The learning collar saw little use as the big Human answered every recall question with precise accuracy.
Jamus cornered Bersa during a lull of instruction. “I know what you did there. And thank you. He needs this.”
“You think too highly of me, Mr. Turnbull. The assignment was made by Hallik and it went against my judgment. I'm troubled about sending someone out who may be emotionally unstable at the moment. I advised against it. Master Hallik insisted.”
“Sometimes Humans are at their best when kept busy. You want to take our minds off something that is troubling us? Give us work.”
“Understood, and noted for future reference. Do you believe Mr. Gecka to be ready for this assignment?”
“He's determined to be ready. He has the training that says he will do well. Do we have a date assigned for this mission?”
“Tomorrow. Mr. Wazny will again go in as a custodian. Mr. Gecka as a chamber servant. We are working on openings for Ms. Bachran and Mr. Marr.”
“And me?”
“We don't have a position identified that we believe to be suitable.”
“How about another chamber servant?”
“Unnecessary. Not worth the risk. Your job during this mission will be to observe and to analyze the information we collect. How do we best exploit that which we find.”
Jamus nodded with a frown. “I guess I can do that. I do have an unrelated question though. Are you seeking out a replacement for Greta?”
“One of four candidates are being considered.”
“Four? You have that many females that are aware?”
“It seems the black-colon virus shows up in groups of two to three at a time now. We have more than a dozen aware Humans in our custody at the moment.”
“A dozen? What are the plans for them?”
Bersa returned a stern look. “At the moment that determination has not been made. We don't have the means to support a large number of aware Humans.”
“We have the room here.”
“Master Hallik does not want to interfere with our progress. In time perhaps, but not immediately.”
“So what happens to these aware Humans?”
Bersa stared for several seconds. “As I said, their fate has yet to be determined.”
“Termination?”
“While possible, that determination has not been made.”
“I don't really like where this conversation is going.”
“Our options are limited, Mr. Turnbull. We are not prepared to bring that many individuals into this program. And we don't have means for continuous care for every Human that becomes aware.”
“There's no talk of turning them over for dissection is there?”
“Goodness no. That would only bring attention to the fact that our colonies are having issue with this virus. Our competitors would move swiftly to quarantine all of Master Hallik's businesses, sending his entire empire crashing to the ground.”
“The virus, is it only being seen in our colonies?”
“So far as we know, yes. Caloran and Haraku have each seen close to a dozen cases.”
Jamus counted in his head. “We have had seven. You say you currently have a dozen in custody. What about the others? You just said two dozen, right?”
“Five individuals were terminated by their managers for being unruly. Those cases happened before we sent word that all such incidents should be immediately reported. Please understand, this is all new for us. Master Hallik is uncertain of how any of this should be handled. We are attempting to learn as we go.”

Chapter   11
_______________________

The following day saw a major staff change on the personal shuttle of Masterette Montat. Jim immediately got to work on the floors, Kerena was sent to the kitchen, Dester Marr moved to serve the bridge crew, and Martin Gecka was escorted to the masterette' chambers.
Jamus sat staring at the split monitors with a scowl on his face. “Where is this masterette?”
“Attending a business meeting. She is expected back within the hour.”
“Do I want to know what happened that opened up these positions all at once?”
“Since you asked, we attempted something different this time. Masterette Montat was sold on a professional crew. A crew that was highly trained to perform tasks according to precise methods and with exact standards. She was promised that her old crew would be sent through the same training, and should she not care for the new crew, the old crew would be returned. It was pitched as a new business venture where professional crews would eventually be made available for all personal shuttles in the empire.”
“Who came up with that?”
“It was a suggestion by our own Mr. Wazny. Ingenious really. If successful here, it may very well offer us an avenue onto each of the personal shuttles of our competitors. The corporation is owned by an individual named Cromath, who resides in the Danton District.”
“The dead shuttle pilot?”
“Indeed. There is no record of his death. And there will be no body found. As far as the realm is concerned, Cromath is alive and well and doing business in Danton. As his former employer through a difficult-to-trace string of shell companies, we had access to his complete record database. And best of all, he had no relatives. His transgressions gave us a clean slate to work with.”
Jamus turned his focus back to the monitors. “Never would have imagined any of this, Bersa. Not in a million aware lifetimes.”
The reporting from the Montat shuttle was quick to pay dividends. The masterette's unhappiness with several wealthy individuals from another state were exploited, wrecking several tenuous trade deals and sending the business to a ready and willing Hallik. In a little over a month, the Brekan overseer had managed to solidify his position as number seven on the Betuaon wealth list, while moving himself within striking distance of Masterette Montat.
Her new shuttle-slaves had worked tirelessly and had been a delight to the process-obsessed Talion. She had been overheard recommending the professional crew business to others, wondering how she had ever lived without them. As hoped, word was beginning to spread that a professionally trained slave-crew was the new status symbol to be coveted by the wealthy elite.
Jamus and Bersa watched on a monitor as Martin assisted in dressing his masterette. “Bersa, I never thought I'd see Martin doing something like this. He's good actually. And his size hasn't been a hindrance in any way.”
“He appears to be driven to play this part to the best of his ability. I will have to apologize for doubting your suggestion that keeping busy would also be good therapy for him. He has shown no indication of mental weakness.”
“Any idea of how long they'll be on there?”
“Another week. The training of her prior crew is almost complete. Their attention to detail is not as clean as ours, but the result of their training should offer her a superior crew. As a bonus, we will be returning her old crew with cameras. Each of her servants wears a lapel pin. We've replicated that pin with a camera. The broadcasts should continue for several months before the power source requires replacement.”
“So we lose our video after two months?”
“Not at all. The company will be offering a free crew refresher to clients at six-week intervals. And best of all, once a master or masterette has been surpassed in wealth, the cameras can be removed.”
Jamus nodded. “Keeping our bases covered. Nice work.”
“Nice work indeed.”
Jamus scratched his head. “Tell me how the cameras work. How is it we broadcast from a personal shuttle all the way to out here?”
“Security in the empire is weak. We have no enemies, so a minimum is spent on securing communications, or just about anything else. As with our other technologies, system security was developed by Humans and has been in place for ten thousand years. Master Hallik has a small team of engineers who, with the help of Mr. Pike, have managed to crack what little security there is.
“The video feeds move through the shuttle's own systems, out to the galactic comm networks, and then to a single outpost, where it’s broadcast as a one-way signal. At the receiving end of the broadcast, the signal is repackaged and encrypted before being sent through three wormhole portals to this station. Most of that effort is likely unnecessary, but done out of precaution.”
“Any way to broadcast news feeds in that same manner?”
“That would certainly be possible, but I would be hesitant to offer such as it would only be a distraction from our work.”
Jamus shook his head. “I don't buy that. At least not entirely. Knowing what's currently happening in Betuaon State should give us better insight as to how we exploit the information we're gathering. More knowledge is better, right?”
“I suppose that would be a correct statement. I will make a note to discuss this with Master Hallik in our next briefing.”
“He hasn't been around since we started this current mission.”
“The master is busy with his new duties. Moving up on the power list comes with new responsibilities.”
“How long before you think we can topple Montat?”
“That outcome is perhaps only weeks away. Several initiatives are underway that will not only shift contracts, but will also shift support from underlings. Wealth accumulation may be accelerated with the proper support of others. A number of relationships are brewing with underlings who are looking to move up.”
“How would that be possible?”
“Should an individual fall hard enough, they may lose several positions on the power list. Those riding the coattails of Master Hallik may see their own fortunes enriched. All at the expense of the target in question of course.”
“Glad to have you on our team, Bersa. You've been nothing but professional in all this.”
“I am highly paid. And I do have debts to settle with many of the leaders of Betuaon. It was their actions that got me fired and black-balled.”
Jamus leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms. “You've never spoken about that. What happened?”
“The farms of Betuaon are some of the best producing in the empire, rivaled only by Jarovin State. I was on a team that was evaluating the Jarovin production.”
“Spying on their production?”
“That would be accurate. I managed a team of twenty-eight such spies. The Jarovins caught wind of our operation and were able to turn my entire crew, sending us false numbers that led to mass mis-plantings of a number of our crops. We lost a tremendous amount of credits that season. As it turned out, my bosses were complicit in the act, but successfully outmaneuvered me while placing the blame fully in my lap. I was trusting where I should not have been and I paid a heavy price.”
“So you got fired?”
“Not only was I fired, security officers were sent for my arrest. Master Hallik, having decided against the recommended plantings, saw an opportunity to get the full story as to why others had been so badly hurt. I was whisked away before the arrest, and have been in his employ, and his debt, ever since.”
Jamus chuckled. “So we're all just a bunch of criminals here. While Hallik may have kept us alive, I'm still suspicious of his motives. It's out of character for you people to risk it all for a chance to move up politically. After seeing how the others operate, I see that most opportunities and successes are very modest in nature.”
“Status quo.”
Jamus nodded. “Status quo.”
As was predicted, the wealth of the House of Hallik surpassed that of Masterette Montat, elevating Hallik into the sixth position of wealth and power in Betuaon State. The professional crew on the Montat shuttle was retrieved and the original crew restored. The Greft landed in bay one with the recovered team.
Jamus and Bersa were standing in the lounge when the others came through the door.
Hugs and handshakes were exchanged.
Hallik stood with a broad grin on his face. “My people. My wonderful... Human... people. Such success in such a short time. Outstanding! With this latest move I now control Caloran in its entirety. The same can be said of Haraku. I am part owner of Kronong and Ballix. And I am close to foreclosing on Pilor's mines on Gatemon. You are all to be congratulated, thanked, applauded, celebrated, and commended.”
Jamus asked, “Who's our next target?”
Hallik turned toward a display wall. “Bersa, if you would please.”
An image of a Brekan official showed on the wall.
Jamus chuckled. “Going after one of your own this time?”
“More than you know. Master Snooka has been my mentor for nearly twenty years. I look forward to this challenge with both trepidation and eagerness. He is a fair person. His organization is solid. He rarely takes even the smallest of risk.
“In fact, I'm expecting this may be our most difficult opponent in all of Betuaon. He inherited the fifth position from his father, who inherited it from his father, and so on for twenty generations going back. The House of Snooka is a relatively new name in the power hierarchy of Betuaon. But they have done well for themselves.”
“What about the House of Hallik? How long has your name been among the wealthy?”
“Hmm. For that we would have to go back more than eight thousand years. We were emperors from the hundred sixty-third to the hundred seventy-fourth. Since that time, every few thousand years we've managed to rise to the position of sector governor. But none of those lasted for more than a single term. We've managed numerous district commissions and hundreds of state titles. The House of Hallik has a long and storied history.”
“And soon it will have a new emperor added to that list.”
Hallik smiled. “Yes. Let us hope that is so.”
Dester asked, “Will we be loading his shuttle crew with our people?”
“Master Snooka has no interest in status symbols. He is very loyal to his people. And as I said, fair to all in his ownership and employ. I'm afraid swapping crews will not be possible in this instance.”
“So how do we hit him?”
“For this we turn to Mr. Pike. He has offered the suggestion of placing cameras on the shuttle during routine maintenance. Master Snooka is a stickler for following schedules, and I just happen to know his shuttle is due for its annual maintenance in three weeks. I'm working to place at least two of you with the repair crews who will be performing the inspections and any scheduled maintenance.
Dester chuckled. “You know, given the fact that you keep us drugged up, I can't believe you entrust us to repair your ships.”
Hallik replied, “When on the drug, even though not motivated to think on your own, you Humans seem to be excellent at following instruction. Repairs, upgrades, any regular maintenance, even initial construction are all tasks at which Human slaves excel.
“With luck we will be able to convince the supervisors that an early replacement of their environmental system is warranted, something to stave off an untimely failure due to wear and corrosion. If successful, we may have access for as much as a day. Who here is familiar with environmental system maintenance?”
No hands were raised.
Hallik smiled. “Just as well. I have a new recruit coming in tomorrow who is replete with the desired skills. She will be teaching each of you how to repair and replace the components that make up the recycler and air adjuster units.”
Dester asked, “She?”
“Tamia Brown. Her last eight years have been spent as a member of the maintenance crew that services shuttles on Placion, a colony in Alequan State.”
Jamus asked, “You found someone who was aware in another state? How'd you manage to get them out?”
“Let's just say she became aware after her purchase.”
Jamus stood. “You have the virus?”
Hallik nodded. “It was isolated by my team on Haraku six weeks ago.”
“So you could infect anyone?”
“Technically, yes.”
“You could free the entire planet?”
“And that would be disastrous. If you are looking to have an entire planet of slaves quarantined and eliminated, then yes, I could free an entire planet.”
Hallik moved to a chair and sat. “Let's imagine for a minute that we infected all of Caloran. Who would be there to care for the sick? Statistically speaking, close to one third of those who come down with the illness perish. Are you looking to kill one third of the Humans on Caloran?”
“Well... no.”
“And of those who survive, Caloran is not a self-sustaining colony. Food is delivered every other week using freighters. That food is then distributed to the farms, where it provides daily sustenance for the farmers, while crops are growing. Do you not recall the food drops that are made to each farm every two weeks? You free all your people and even if they do survive, in two weeks’ time they are all beginning to starve. Is that your plan?”
“OK, I get your point. But this is still a huge development. What if we go in with teams to administer the drug and care for the sick? After that, we teach them to continue to farm as if nothing has happened. That way they are all ready when the time comes for a revolt.”
Hallik chuckled. “Mr. Turnbull, I admire your enthusiasm. If we free even a single Human and leave them to their own devices, they will get caught. And when that happens, the entire farm will be quarantined and checked, along with the surrounding farms. And if more 'awares' are found, we end up right back at the full quarantine of Caloran again. I'm sorry, but we cannot use the virus to free Humans until such time as we, or at least someone, can provide for them. To do anything prematurely is to sentence them to death.”
Jim placed his hand on Jamus' arm. “Master Hallik is right. We can't do anything until we have the means to do it all. I wouldn't want to risk my family until I can be there for them to insure they will live. We flip them now and there is nothing to keep them alive.”
Hallik said, “Mr. Turnbull, I've kept the empire news feeds from you and your team with a purpose. You've heard rumors of Humans being hunted for sport? I am now willing to confirm this to you. My people, the Brekans, are very much sportsmen in this regard.”
“You saying Humans are still hunted for sport? I thought that was just a legend. Bersa alluded to that having been done away with.”
“Here in Betuaon State, yes, for a short time. There were a number of scandals involving gambling that caused the empire to ban sport hunting in Betuaon for a period of five years. However, the practice of tracking and killing Humans for sport and pleasure has been alive and well throughout the rest of the galaxy. There are actually...” Hallik took a breath. “Actually entire colonies dedicated to it. Some are hunting colonies, some are breeding colonies, and some are both. Betuaon began to have the hunts again three years ago.”

Chapter   12
_______________________

“Whole colonies?” said Jamus. “What kind of scale are we really talking here?”
“This will be shocking to you all,” Bersa replied. “I'd hoped to spare you from it for some time, but perhaps it is time you knew the full story. We are talking hundreds of millions per year. It's the favorite pastime of the empire. All species, especially mine, revel in it. The last hundred emperors have all made their wealth from the sport. Newsfeeds are filled with tournaments and competitions.”
Jamus sat. “And your people just let this happen?”
“Let this happen? Our people live for the games. There are those who think the behavior to be barbaric, but they are vastly in the minority. They remain silent for fear of being chastised and shamed.”
Dester scowled. “Let me guess, when people are taken away due to injury or illness, or even making mistakes, they aren't just killed, they’re dumped into these hunts?”
Hallik sighed. “They are. And to shock you further, I will admit to having participated in several of these in my younger days. Mostly due to peer pressure as I didn't really see the attraction. Now, here today, after knowing the lot of you, I find the practice appalling.”
“So why not organize with others who feel the same way and speak up?”
Hallik chuckled, shaking his head. “I'm sorry, Mr. Marr. To do so would be suicidal. We are realistically talking a maximum of 5 percent of the population who silently disapprove. Another 15 percent are probably ambivalent, leaving 80 percent who are enthralled. Any mention of curbing this practice would result in me losing a full 80 percent of my business to customers who would be offended, if only by my thoughts.”
Jamus said, “Wow. Bad enough that we're worked to death.”
“Which only serves to elevate the need for us to be successful. Tomorrow we continue our fight to free all Humans.”
“Any way to bring in the news feeds now? I mean, how much worse can it be out there? Hearing this stuff is a motivator, not a distraction.”
Hallik stood. “Bersa, please see to it that the feeds are enabled. Mr. Turnbull, I can assure you there is more to be heard and more to be disgusted with. Your people are property. Property is often neglected, tossed aside, and abused. Expect to be outraged on a daily basis.”
The Greft soon departed. The group broke into discussions about the information that had been revealed. Anger was followed by disbelief, and then determination. Two hours of rage-speak was followed by a demand that they be allowed to get back to work.
Bersa said, “I recommend you take the remainder of this day to cool off and unwind.”
“I don't think that's possible,” said Jamus.
“Ms. Brown will be here in the morning. I recommend we wait until that time to begin instruction on the coming mission.”
“Why? We don't need her here for us to learn the basics about environmental systems. Might be good for us to get a head start. Otherwise I'm likely to start punching walls.”
Dester stood. “I'm with him.”
The others nodded.
“Very well. Proceed to the classroom. I'll be right up.”
The remainder of the day was spent perusing volumes of image data showing the components of environmental systems and their functions. The following morning, after arrival, Tamia Brown was greeted by a group who understood the basics and were ready to learn.
“First, let me say, thank you for what you are doing. If what I've been told is true, perhaps one day we will all be free.”
Dester asked, “And second?”
“Second, if I get overwhelmed up here, well, it's because I'm overwhelmed.”
Jamus asked, “How long ago did you have the virus?”
“Three weeks.”
Dester nodded. “Get ready for a few bouts of paranoia. I was about three weeks out when I was grabbed. Made me angry with everyone around me. It's still overwhelming, but you learn to cope with it.”
The class got underway. Cryo-recyclers, carbon dioxide separators, re-oxygen generators, filters, scrubbers, and a multitude of other components were covered. One day turned into a week, and then three. The team was given two hours of free time. In the morning Tamia and Jamus would be heading to the shuttle repair facility at the Kalimus colony, owned by the House of Snooka.
Jamus sat on a couch with a beverage. Jim and Dester sat beside him. Tamia selected a chair by herself.
Jamus asked, “You ready for this tomorrow?”
“I think so. I mean, I know recyclers. I can take them apart and put them back together. And those cameras seem easy enough to install. Unless I was specifically looking for one, I wouldn't even notice. And anyone on Smudge isn't gonna care. I am nervous though. My hands have been shaky all day.”
“You're gonna want to get that under control. The guards in most of these places aren't all that bright, and they aren't motivated, but they do look for any unusual signs in Humans. If you're shaking, they might suspect illness. And if they suspect illness you might be sent away. You certain you're good with this?”
“As certain as I can be, I guess? No. I'm certain. This means too much to all of us.”
“It's OK to be nervous,” said Dester. “That's a natural Human reaction to stressful situations. But don't sweat it. Jamus is a pro at this. Cool, calm, and collected. Now if he starts shaking... just start running. Hahahaha!”
Jamus sighed. “You aren't helping…”
Tamia held up a hand. “No. It's OK. A little humor might actually settle me down.”
“Tell us about your last duty. You have other family there?”
“No. They are all passed. My father was an enviro-system slave though. Got caught in a carbon dioxide splitter. The guards assigned to monitor him watched him die through a glass window as he suffocated to death. I was twelve at the time. And I was there. But I had no feelings over it. It just happened and he was gone. My mother was taken away when I was two because of an ankle injury. She was young, so I was an only child.”
“Most of us are still trying to grasp the reality of our own families and their ends. Jim is probably the only one here with active family now.”
“They're on Haraku. Master Hallik was kind enough to keep them in his care.”
Tamia nodded. “I overheard Dester talking about Humans being hunted?”
“Apparently we are the empire-wide sport,” said Dester. “You want to get angry over our situation, just think about the hundreds of millions of Humans sacrificed every year just so these alien pukes can get their jollies. Makes my blood boil just mentioning it.”
Daniel rolled up in his wheelchair. “Hello.”
“Hello, Daniel.” Tamia turned back to the others. “In my years in this job, I don't ever recall it being talked about. No... wait. Oh wow. I just remembered. My brain just pieced it all together. I've seen a thousand news feed with the hunting plastered all over them. Wow. It never clicked before as to what was going on. This is horrific.”
Jamus nodded. “If you have to dwell on it, dwell on the fact that we’re going to be the ones who stop it.”
Dester said, “Yeah, at some point it’ll be the aliens who are being hunted. And it won't be for sport. It'll be war.”
Jamus replied, “We aren't planning any wars here yet. If we advance Hallik to emperor and he grants our freedom, there won't be any wars. A peaceful transition would be better for us all.”
Dester pulled back. “Speak for yourself.”
Daniel smirked. “Jamus, weren't you always the one saying you'd make the aliens pay?”
“I was. I was angry. Now I see things a little different. Now if Hallik goes back on his word in any way, I'll be the first in line behind Dester to bring an end to any notion of a peaceful transition.”
Tamia pointed. “Daniel? Is that something new on your chair?”
“It is. And thanks for noticing. It's the same five button panel and little monitor that you see on almost every ship system.”
“I recognize it from the environmental units. Why is one on your chair arm?”
“I'm restricted in my movement in this chair. With this I can now connect to any piece of equipment and perform whatever task that's needed while staying seated. If you want, I can show you what I did when you get back from Kalimus.”
“I'd like that. Thank you.”
The following morning came early. A shuttle was waiting and the two-person team was on their way. After being dropped at the star-port in the city of Grell on the colony of Kalimus, three separate hover-taxis took the duo and their handler to the job site. A Talion manager was waiting.
“You're five minutes late. A penalty will be deducted from your fee.”
The handler replied, “You have my apologies. There was a mix-up at the star-port. Any penalty will be graciously accepted. These are your two workers.”
“And you're certain they know their way around these repairs?”
“I'm certain. If they give you any trouble, just dispose of them and we'll send over a new pair.”
Tamia coughed.
The Talion manager looked her up and down. “This one's not sick, is she?”
“Both have just been through thorough examinations. We don't send out defective slaves. Would be bad for business.”
“Yes, yes it would. You'll find the credit transfer has cleared as soon as I return to my desk.”
“Thank you for your business.” The handler turned and walked away.
“You two idiots come with me. You'll be in bay six. There's a shuttle that has to be out by this afternoon as we have a VIP coming in later this evening. So you better be showing me your worth out there, or no Smudge for you. Get it?”
Two blank stares were returned.
The manager mumbled to himself as he pointed toward the bay. “Why do I even bother? Now get in there and get the job finished.”
The shuttle was a standard twenty-passenger model. Tamia had replaced and repaired the units on a hundred just like it.
“Just follow my instructions and we have this out of here in about two hours. Work order says full replacement, which is easy. We'll just be pulling the units and slapping in new ones. Grab the tool bag off the cart. It should have everything we need.”
Tamia had the first unit out and on the deck as Jamus completed his first bolt. Six bolts held each unit in place.
Tamia stopped and looked over the situation. “Change of plans. You carry in the new units and carry out the old units. If Master Snooka's shuttle is coming into this bay, we want this bucket out of here as soon as possible. They divert to another open bay and we'll never get near that ship.”
Jamus began to turn back for the new stock on the cart.
“Wait, what are you doing? Carry out the old, bring in the new. I don't need you tripping over one of those and making a mess. And watch your back. These units can be heavy. As much as forty kilos on the bigger ships. The heaviest one on this barge comes in at about thirty.”
Two hours were spent retrofitting the shuttle and clearing out the bay.
After pushing the cart back to the stock room, Tamia began to unload the old units. “I'm worried.”
“What for?”
“We have just over two hours before Snooka's shuttle is due. That bay is empty. We get an emergency come in and they’ll stuff it in our bay. We lose that slot and we lose the opportunity to work on Snooka's shuttle.”
“What can we do?”
Tamia moved the last of the old units from the cart. “Follow me. We're going to assist on another shuttle. Open up another bay.”
“Is that something you would normally do?”
Tamia stopped and stared. “Normally we would now be standing around here scratching our bums. Unless told to make that effort, we wouldn't be doing anything.”
Tamia scanned the work-order for the next bay. Three unit components were stacked on the cart and the cart shoved in the direction of the next bay. Two guards began to approach from a far door.
Jamus quietly asked, “What do we do?”
“We ignore them and just keep pushing the cart. They'll be confused and will leave us alone.”
The next several minutes were filled with tension as the two Talion watchers moved in alongside the rolling cart. The two slaves kept looking forward as they walked. The guards looked at each other, shrugged, and headed back to their posts.
Within fifteen minutes, the environmental components on the work-order were fitted in place and the old units carried away. Ten minutes after, the shuttle lifted, leaving the extra bay open for any sudden arrivals.
Jamus stood beside Tamia and the cart, back at the stockroom. “Two hours, eight minutes if they come in on time.”
“Never can tell with the higher-ups. Schedules change all the time.”
Jamus glanced down. “Your hands aren't shaking anymore.”
“No, but my guts are. I have a growing urge to just run away.”
“You wouldn't get very far. And you have nowhere to run to.”
Tamia returned a slight smile. “Which is why I'm still here.”
“You ever have a mate?”
Tamia snickered. “You asking?”
“No. If you were looking, it would be for someone way younger than me. I'm not far behind Dester in age.”
“He has a sharp sense of humor.”
“That he likes to thrust into your back on occasion. He has a good heart, but his mind is quick to be annoyed if he doesn't get his way.”
“Tell me about yourself. All of you came from the same farm?”
“Except Jim. He came over from Haraku. I've been aware the longest, twelve growing seasons, that's about seven standard years. Daniel is next with just about two years now. The Bachrans... or I should say Kerena, about a year, her and Martin. It happened to Dester just before Hallik took us all. And I think Jim is right along there with Dester. How'd it happen for you?”
“I was purchased and taken to some facility that's who knows where. A Talion doctor gave me an injection and about two days later I was violently ill.”
“It's not pleasant, that's for sure.”
“Anyway, there was another person sick in a bed next to me. They didn't make it, which is probably why you were given this assignment. I pulled through and here I am. It's weird though. It's like this life and my prior one are two separate lives. I'm still trying to process all that's been happening.”
Jamus chuckled. “You and me both.”
An alarm sounded, signifying that a ship was coming in.
Tamia stared up at the sky. “It's a shuttle. Smaller though. Perfect. Looks like we freed that bay up just in time.”
As they watched, the small transport shuttle slowed as it reached the tarmac. To the dismay of Jamus and Tamia, it taxied into their slot, settled on the concrete, and its ramp lowered. A new work order came in on the display.
“Crap. Crap, crap, crap. A full retrofit. That's a two-hour job.”
“What do we do?”
“We get our asses in gear and get it done.”

Chapter   13
_______________________

The replacement units were hurriedly loaded and the maintenance cart shoved toward the shuttle at a faster pace than normal, but not fast enough to draw attention. Once aboard the shuttle and away from observance, Tamia hustled to the first unit.
“Start the bolts on that side,” said Jamus. “When you have the first out, go bring in the first unit. And don't move so fast as to be noticed. We have to get this turned around and out of here before Snooka shows.”
Wrenches tinked and clanged as the six standard bolts that held the unit in place were removed. Jamus hurried out, taking care to move slowly once outside, returning with the new unit.
Tamia pointed. “Drop it in place and get the next one. I'll lock it down.”
As the second unit was brought in, the veteran maintenance tech had the first unit bolted down.
Jamus asked, “How'd you do that so quick?”
“I have two hands. Now go, go, go! Keep those coming!”
All eight units were in place after only forty-two minutes.
Tamia took a deep breath as she moved over to the power circuits for the first of a dozen tests. “Come on, power up and show green. We need this bay.”
The first unit tested out as functional. Five more units did the same before a red indicator showed a failure.
“Crap! Take the cart back and grab another aspirator. And hurry!”
As Jamus pushed the cart toward the stockroom, the inevitable happened. An alarm sounded, signifying a ship was coming in. The veteran spy looked up with concern. It was the Snooka shuttle, and it would be heading toward the other bay. He collected the aspirator and hurried back to the ship under repair.
Tamia was standing in the door. “We failed. We lost our slot. And it's probably my fault.”
Jamus carried the thirty-kilo unit up the ramp. “How so?”
“Had we left that other shuttle alone, this one would have been put in a hold pattern until Snooka's ship had been taken in. This isn't an emergency. It's just a scheduled retrofit, and I opened up our bay for it.”
“You did what you thought best. Don't beat yourself up over it.”
“This maintenance only happens one time a year. This was our shot at getting those cameras on it. I blew it.”
Jamus dropped the new unit it place. “Maybe not.”
Bolts were tightened. “It's not in our bay.”
“So? We just do what we did a few minutes ago. We load up our cart with the camera equipped units, roll it over there and just start working. We weren't questioned before. Same guards are on duty. Why would they bother us now?”
“One problem with that scenario: the other maintenance team is not installing the camera units.”
“OK. So we lose a few. We can still make this work if we hustle up and get over there.”
Tamia snugged the final bolt, before looking up. “Are you an optimist, Mr. Turnbull?”
“Right now I have to be, Ms. Brown. Let's get this done.”
The installation was tested and the shuttle given a release. The cart was pushed back to the stockroom at a moderate pace. As they reached the room and began to unload the old units, a guard came through the doorway.
“Hold where you are!”
The unloading stopped.
“The super wants to see the two of you, immediately.”
Tamia turned and moved quietly toward the door with Jamus behind her. The super was seated at a desk in his office when the two came in.
The guard said, “These are the two.”
The super sat back in his chair staring up at them with an inquiring eye for several seconds. “Yes. You may go, Klon. I will be fine.”
The guard bowed and moved back to his post.
The super stood. “I don't normally question Humans when good behavior is involved, but please tell me how it is you completed that job in under an hour? I've never had a crew that performed like that. What did you do to make this happen?”
Tamia gave her best smudged reaction. “He carried. I replaced.”
The super was silent for several seconds. “Interesting. And this sped the work-time?”
“I can better focus on turning the wrench. He has muscles for carrying the units.”
“Hmm, male and female teams, I see. Slave females are more nimble. And your males are the strong ones. Perhaps we have found the optimum combination for a maintenance team. What do you think?”
The room was quiet for several seconds before the super began to laugh. “What do you think? Good one, Dentok. You will have to tell that one at shift change. You two, get back out there and keep doing what you're doing.”
The two-person team walked back to the stockroom under the distant, watchful eyes of the guards.
Tamia let out a breath as they came into the room. “What a disaster. I'm so sorry.”
Jamus looked around at the stock. “Wait, where are our units?”
Tamia stood, shaking her head. “Someone took them?”
Jamus hurried to the door, looking off at the maintenance cart in the distance. “All may not be lost. That team took our stock. I guess since they were designated for that shuttle, it was the units they took.”
Tamia looked over his shoulder and out the door. “So all we really had to do was get the stock into the room and marked for that job. Wish we'd known that earlier. Would have saved me a couple heart attacks.”
When the shift was complete the team was pulled from their housing units and transported to another waiting shuttle. Forty minutes later they were settling in the docking bay of Beta Station.
Hallik was waiting for them. “Superb job. We are already receiving video from all cameras. The secrets of the House of Snooka will soon be ours.”
“We got lucky,” said Jamus. “There was no good reason for that crew to grab those particular units.”
Tamia nodded. “Been at that for nine years and never saw a crew draw the exact serial numbers for a job. They are always taken, installed, and the numbers recorded at that time. Only way the managers could be certain the records were correct. This crew was trained right. Most aren't.”
“Regardless…” Hallik smiled. “It all worked out. And I'd like to thank our newest member for a job well done. You have all earned the remainder of the afternoon off. I'll be working with Bersa on our next set of missions.”
Dester came up with a slap on Jamus' back. “Pulled off another one? I was certain you were done for when those guards started walking your way.”
“You can thank Tamia for that. She was the one who suggested we just keep walking.”
Tamia shook her head. “I was the one who nearly blew the whole mission by getting the other shuttle out early.”
Jamus nodded. “But you didn't. Funny, when all this began, Hallik was saying how a team of Human spies would never be suspected. I'm starting to believe him. We could probably just walk into any scenario, and as long we look as though we were ordered to do something, no one would question us.”
Dester scowled. “Good way to get us all killed. We need to stick to the plans as much as possible. While that back there may have looked as though you were doing what you were ordered to, that would have changed if you had been seen by that super.”
“But we weren't.”
“I'm just saying, we stick to the plans and there's no possibility. No risk. We just start doing what we want and we're gonna get caught.”
As the group moved over to sit in the lounge chairs, the monitors on the walls surrounding them came to life. A blue light beneath a display signified the unit that was the source of the audio.
“Friends! Put on your galoshes and grab your straws! The competition is about to begin! And remember, kids, the winner is the one who keeps the most sleggs alive. Let's get started!”
A group of four Brekan children scurried to a bench, where the mentioned galoshes were pulled over their shoes. A second sprint saw them heading toward a box containing hundreds of straws. A buzzer sounded.
“The race is on! Make every straw count!”
The young Brekan participants laughed as they ran, bumping each other as they hurried toward their task at hand. Four separate halls led out from a central location, ending at pools that had been drained of water, and now held down hundreds of sleggs, Human slaves. A crowd of alien kids were seated just above each pool, hundreds clinging to the rails as they cheered on the competitors.
Jim frowned. “This is horrifying.”
As the kids reached the ends of the halls, water began to gush into the pools.
Tamia asked, “What's happening? What are they doing?”
Jamus closed his eyes. “Drowning them.”
“What?”
As the water began to fill the pools, the mini-competitors jumped in, racing to their Humans and jamming straws into their mouths one by one. A Brekan female fell, dumping half her straws, drawing both laughter and jeers from her onlookers. The water began to rise. The strapped-down sleggs began to struggle as the water level rose toward their open mouths and noses. Cries of terror rang out, throwing the youthful crowd into a frenzy.
Jim and Kerena averted their eyes. The others watched in horror. Both Martin and Dester held enraged expressions.
As the kids raced from one slegg to the next, the water continued to rise. Screams of joy by the audience were matched with screams of terror by the slaves who were on the verge of drowning.
“Three minutes left! Look out! Water is topping some of your sleggs!”
Tamia asked, “Sleggs?”
Hallik walked in behind the group as they watched. “It's the slang term given to Human participants in any game. This... these images, they’re why I wanted to spare you the tragic scenes and the abhorrent behavior we will see on the video feeds. This is the empire as it exists today. This is the norm. This sick and twisted behavior is part of everyday life. Brekan children can be particularly cruel.”
Dester pointed. “That one is sticking straws in their noses. That won't work.”
Hallik sighed. “And they know it won't work. They’re doing it for the reaction. Look at the crowd. That competitor will drown his entire pool. But the audience will laugh and laugh.”
The water rose to a level where some of the sleggs began to spit and spew, coughing just before the madness ended for the few who had no straws. A buzzer sounded.
“I think we have an obvious winner! But let's count! Soros, as we can all see, has zero sleggs surviving.” The audience cheered and laughed.
Soros held up a fist for his fans. “I hate sleggs!” The crowd went wild, calming only after most of a minute had passed. The announcer giggled uncontrollably at the scene before finally regaining his composure.
“My, my, some players just know how to have fun, don't they? Now, Rometh has eighteen survivors out of her hundred.” A mild applause followed.
“And second place goes to... Tobla... with twenty-eight!” Another tepid applause filled the stands.
“And today's winner is Shendi! She managed forty-eight Humans saved!” Jeers and boos were followed with laughs.
“Far short of our grand champion Palmic with sixty-two, but not everyone wants to be that unpopular, do they?”
The audio was switched to a channel where two Sevada were discussing the local weather.
Bersa was shaking her head. “This was a bad idea.”
“It's horrific,” replied Hallik. “And a daily occurrence. But they have earned the right to know what they are really fighting for. The empire is corrupt. It lacks ethics and morals. The abuse of Humans has gone on for too long.”
Jamus stood. “So why are we sitting here? Why aren't we planning for the next mission?”
“The coming missions are under review by my teams.”
“Your teams?”
“Yes. I have a staff of nearly thirty Brekans who not only sympathize with your cause, but also owe me tremendous sums of money, most more credits than they can earn in a lifetime. They reside in another secure location and are my planners. I give them goals and ideas. They formulate the missions and pass them on to Bersa, where you are then trained to conduct them.”
“Why don't you have them here?”
“I'm making every attempt to keep the pieces of this operation separate and secure. That team knows nothing of this team, even that you are Human. They have no idea you have been cured of your dependence on Shackle. I felt it better they not know.”
“But you just told us of them. Aren't we a liability?”
“Each of the members of that planning team can survive outside of my care. In fact, they would all be rewarded for turning on me and exposing my wealth accumulation operations. All who sit above me would gladly pay handsomely for that knowledge. These planners have incentive to talk. You have none. Where would you go? Who would you turn to? Your only option other than this is death. And that would likely be a death that was short, but painful.”
Bersa said, “You should be going, Master. They are expecting you at the summit.”
Hallik nodded to Bersa before turning with a subdued grin. “I shall return before the next mission gets underway. Take care.”
The overly round Brekan made his way to a door and then out. The indicator on the wall showed the Greft's departure several minutes later. The group remained in the lounge chairs, still in stunned silence.
Bersa walked toward the dining area. “We are half an hour early, but I believe an extended eating period to be warranted.”
Jamus scowled. “Humans tend to lose their appetites after a shock.”
“You are slaves. The empire is unjust. Why would this be that much of a shock to you? You know about dissections. You know about the hunts. The debauchery we just witnessed should be no surprise to a people who have been enslaved for ten thousand years. Grow a pair, as you Humans say. Whatever that means.”
Dester snickered. “Now that was funny. And she's right. We either continue on and fight this plague that consumes us, or we lie back and die. I still have some fight left in me.”
Dester began to walk toward the dining tables. “Besides, today is fangule day. I need my fangule.”
Martin slowly shook his head.
Jamus looked at the others, and then at the dining tables. “You know what? You're right. We can be indignant and outraged and it doesn't change reality. We have to act to change reality.”
The group proceeded to eat, followed by five hours of watching various news feeds or other entertainment channels. By the time the day had come to an end they had a new education on what the empire was like outside the farms and mines. With slaves doing much of the physical work, the aliens had an abundance of free time and the credits to spend on whatever they wanted. The culture had progressed, or digressed, to the point where the demise of Humans was considered their most entertaining endeavor.

Chapter   14
_______________________

The following morning, Bersa stood in front of the team. “Our coming target will be Thelm. He is a Talion. His homeworld is the colony of Polous. He is currently fourth in line for the governorship of Betuaon State. He owns two full colonies and parts of five others. Fifteen standard years ago, he was the governor of Betuaon. Twenty years before, he inherited the number four spot in this district, the Talion District.
“He's a poor manager and has been living off the wealth his father left him. His son is worse than him. His grandson is slated to take over the House of Thelm when the elder Thelm passes. His grandson, very competent, is now running a third of that House. We will be targeting the remaining two-thirds.”
Jamus asked, “Any chance of using the same tactic we just used on Snooka?”
“None. The servicing of the Thelm shuttle was conducted last month. Our planning team is exploring the possibility of landing another professional crew on the grandfather's shuttle. That will take time.”
“So are we studying Thelm and his holdings until then?”
“I've been given a new directive for the lot of you. Master Hallik feels there is much to be learned. You will be given the choice of one physical course of study and one intellectual. For physical we have endurance, strength, agility, balance, or self-defense. There are a number of subcategories for each that can be further selected.
“For intellectual advancement, we have law, business, finance, physics, and technology. Check your displays and vote on what you find appealing for your first, second, and third choices. I'll tally the results and select our directions from the list. Please take an hour to study the lists and subcategories before making your final selections.”
The room was quiet for the entire evaluation. Selections were tallied and two winners emerged.
“As I expected, you have chosen self-defense as a physical course. I will have to say that I am surprised by the overwhelming choice for intellectual. You selected technology. I was expecting business, seeing as how our almost daily goals revolve around taking over businesses.”
Daniel came rolling into the classroom.
Jim said, “We're surrounded by tech, and we don't really know how any of it works.”
Daniel raised a hand. “I can help, and I'd like to learn as well. I'm reading as much as I can, but having some formal instruction on it would help me tremendously.”
Bersa nodded. “Very well, then. I will provide a few of the basics for the next few days. For advanced instruction, I'll speak with Master Hallik about bringing in an expert or two. I believe a professor from one of our engineering schools may be able to help with the technology. And a self-defense expert from the... well, the... hunts. Some of you may find either or both instructors offensive, but I assure you they will do as they are told.”
Jamus scowled. “How is it they will be coming in here and teaching Humans? You can't just release them after that.”
Bersa sighed. “I can only say there will be casualties on both sides of this fight. Does anyone here object to this method of training? It will be the fastest and most efficient way for you to learn.”
“So you'll be killing innocent aliens for this?”
Dester said, “I'm up for that.”
Martin nodded. “Me too. All five species are responsible for the atrocities we saw on the news feeds yesterday. It's time they started paying for their acceptance of that behavior. They are hardly innocent.”
Kerena gave a single nod. Jim returned a half shrug.
Tamia scowled. “I'll do them in afterward myself if needed. Sorry, Bersa, but I have no love for your kind.”
Jamus looked back at the Girda standing before them. “I guess the team has spoken.”
Bersa opened a comm to Hallik. “Master, they have agreed upon self-defense as we expected, and technology.”
“Excellent. I'll have instructors for each sent your way. Let the team know we got our first solid bit of useful information from Master Snooka this morning. Their efforts continue to pay handsomely.”
The comm closed as Bersa turned. “You heard the master's response. Again, Jamus and Tamia, you are to be commended for your efforts.”
Three days of classroom basics on technology were shown and discussed. On the fourth day, the tech instructor arrived. After a guarded escort into the classroom, the Talion professor, Gnonan, struggled to believe what he was seeing.
“What is this? I demand to know what's going on here?”
A shock stick was thrust into his side, dropping him to the floor, where he convulsed for several seconds. Shortly after, the professor was slowly helped to his feet.
Bersa leaned in. “I was told you have received that twice before. Are you a slow learner?”
Gnonan shook his head. “I'm in the top 2 percent of all Talions.”
“Hmm. Interesting, I'm only in the top 3 percent in the empire, and I have yet to be shocked. Should I allow another display of the current associated with a high voltage? Or would you prefer to tell our class about it instead?”
Gnonan looked around. “Humans? They are incapable of learning advanced technologies. They are too stupid. Shackle prevents anything more than basic understanding. What am I to teach them?”
“Everything. They are no longer on Shackle.”
“What? This is preposterous!”
A second application of the shock device had the new instructor flopping on the floor. Several minutes later, he was standing, this time with a scowl, but not a defiant one.
“What would you have me attempt to teach them?”
“As I said, everything. But why don't we start with electronics and go from there. This comm bracelet will allow you to control the display wall. You'll find a copy of your engineering library, along with your instruction materials, in our online archive. If you need more, just ask. I will see to it whatever information you need is provided.
“Begin with basic electronics. They have a good understanding of that material. Push that on to advanced material as you see fit. And keep in mind, if I believe you to be dragging lessons out, my friend with the shocker is more than ready to give you another jolt.”
Gnonan stood silent for several seconds. “I will do my best.”
A solid week of instruction saw the group familiarized with voltage, current, resistance, capacitance, and inductance. They were soon discussing resistors, capacitors, transistors, coils, and a variety of other analog electronic components. A third week of instruction moved on to batteries, motors, actuators, and other standard devices.
Bersa stood with Gnonan after class was dismissed for an hour of evening free time. “So what do you think of your pupils?”
“Sadly, I wish I had such enthusiasm in my classes at the university. These Humans have all scored near perfect on my exams. And they seem eager to help one another, something lacking in my student population.”
“Yes. I've been astounded time and again with their ability to learn. They are sponges for almost everything.”
“I know I shouldn't ask, but why was I brought here? What secret project is this that Humans are being taught advanced knowledge?”
“Did you know all this knowledge… electronics, these devices, their designs… did you know those are all Human designs?”
“Preposterous!”
Bersa shook her head. “It's true. Sit. I will give you a true education of the empire.”
The Girda and the Talion discussed their history late into the evening. Gnonan sat with his jaw dropped for most of the tale. Humans had built it all. The imperial species had stolen it and were more than happy to maintain it as it was. A stunned professor was escorted to his room and locked inside. In the morning he was found hanging by his neck from a bed sheet.
Bersa stood before the class. “I have some unhappy news. Completely my fault. I discussed our history—not this group's history, but the history of the empire—with the professor. I can only imagine he was so disgruntled with the news that he... well... he hanged himself.”
Dester began to chuckle.
Jamus turned. “You're laughing at that?”
“I reserve the right to laugh at every one of those morons that decides to off themselves. The more the merrier.”
Bersa sighed. “Unfortunately, that means we have no lesson for today. I had hoped we would make our way through digital circuits, processors, memories, controls—basically the middle tier of the technology that surrounds us.”
Daniel raised a hand. “I could talk about the systems on this ship. I have a good handle on them now—most of them anyway.”
“It seems Mr. Pike is prepared to share his knowledge with us. Please, sir, come to the front. Share with us what you know.”
A comm came in for Bersa.
Daniel wheeled himself to the front of the room. “Let's start with this chair. Battery, motor, controller, operator…” The youth instructor pointed to himself with a grin.
The rest of the day was spent on a rolling tour of the station. They began on deck twelve with the power generators and slowly worked their way up. Daniel was nothing but enthusiastic when explaining what a system did or was supposed to do.
When they had again reached the top deck and the classroom area, Dester asked, “You skipped the science decks, except for medical. Why?”
“Those are still off limits. We don't know what's in there, and I haven't had time to find out. Everything I just told you today? That's just skimming the surface of what I have to know. That's why I was excited to have an advanced instructor come in. If I'm supposed be running and maintaining this station, I want to know what I'm doing so I don't kill us all.”
The following morning, a new instructor was brought into the classroom. This one taught self-defense to sleggs who were to be released into the myriad of Human hunting games that were playing out on many of the empire's worlds. After initial protests over teaching aware Humans, five shocks from the stick had her ready to begin her lessons. Also a Girda, she was cross with the other Girda in the room, whom she now considered a traitor.
“You will teach these Humans all you know,” said Bersa. “I will be here to evaluate your performance. If I feel it to be sub-standard, you will pay the ultimate price. Remember, you can always be replaced.”
Dester chuckled. “I can't hear that line said to these aliens enough times. I love it.”
The new instructor looked over the small group for most of a minute. “My name is Deffie. When this course is over, you will each have the skills needed to evade both the live hunters and the bots you will find competing in the games. My goal is to teach you how to stay alive for as long as possible. I like to brag that I had the longest surviving slegg, or slave as you know them, in the Ultimate Games in the last three centuries. Antoine Magabo managed to survive for two and a half days. Most sleggs in the larger games, outside of an arena, last no more than an hour or two.”
Dester raised a hand. “I thought this was self-defense?”
“Part evasion and part defense. Evasion is your most powerful tool. It can keep you alive for days. Defense is used only in your final minutes, typically when an autonomous bot is tracking you down.” Deffie paused and smirked to herself. “I once had a slegg who stayed alive and running for six hours against a bot. He had a real knack for blunting the effectiveness of an attack and fleeing. I could have watched him all day—anyway, evasion tactics will be the first topic we discuss.”
As Deffie got into her teaching, she began to forget where she was. Grins and chuckles filled her presentation as she showed the result of one bad slegg decision after another. Martin growled under his breath, and more than once had the urge to rush the instructor to put an end to her smirky behavior.
“Now, as we watch this one, we see this wide expanse going across this space, probably thirty meters this slegg will have to cross before they reach cover of any sort. Down this way we see a narrow passage at about eight meters. To the right we have a series of columns. A skilled runner might be able to successfully navigate their way through that, while avoiding the stun capsules being launched at them from the bot. By the way, in the arena games, the bots don't carry stun pistols, they stun you directly.
“Before I go further, this part of the instruction makes use of simulations. Please select the decision you believe this slegg should make, and take a moment to think about it because I will be asking you to tell why you made that selection. You have two minutes.”
The time passed quickly. Kerena was the first to be selected. “I would go left, toward the narrow passage. It's closer.”
Deffie nodded. “Do you know what lies beyond?”
“How could I have that information?”
“You don't. I was just making it a point to think about. How about you?”
Martin replied, “Straight across at a zigzag.”
“Interesting. Given what I've said about the bots earlier, do you think you could make it across the expanse?”
“I chose it, so yes.”
“Mr. Wazny?”
“Narrow passage. Same reason she gave.”
“And Ms. Brown, your choice?”
“The columns. I'm skinny. And fast.”
“Hmm. That leaves Mr. Turnbull and Mr. Marr. If you were the slegg, what would you do?”
Jamus replied, “I'd come up there and snap your neck and then switch off the display.”
Deffie's smug look was brought back to the reality of the situation. “I see. And what of the three choices?”
“Straight across. No zigging. But I would drop and roll if I thought the bot was about to fire.”
Dester nodded. “What he said.”
“Interesting. And all wrong. The bots are slow to arm their weapons. It's a safety precaution so that shots are not taken until the target has been fully acquired. There have been instances in the past where a stray stun pellet ricocheted up into the stands, into the crowd. One spectator was struck in the eye and killed.”
Dester smirked. “I like it.”
“Are you suggesting rush the bot?” asked Jamus.
“Precisely, rush the bot. If you pass them before they fire, you will drop from their targeting system. They will have to reset their tracking to re-target. They aren't terribly fast, but they are accurate when the target has been acquired.”
Jim asked, “The spectators are live at these hunts?”
“Yes, in most instances. Watching the games is considered a high evening. Watching on a monitor is only done of necessity or when the observer is either incapacitated or perhaps away on travel.”
“You said they use stun pellets. Why? What happens when you're hit?”
“The charge incapacitates the runner. He or she is then physically restrained and dragged to the center of the arena, where they are chained to a post for everyone to see. The fans then get to choose from a variety of terminations for them. Being tossed in the air repeatedly, upwards of fifteen meters, and then smacking the ground until they are deceased or no longer functional, hacked with swords—always a fan favorite—drowned, clubbed, electrocuted... the managers of the game typically offer a wide selection for the crowds to choose from. Fan participation is very much encouraged.”
Jamus rubbed the side of his head as his facial expression was one of building anger. “Has a bot ever been defeated?”
Deffie laughed out loud. “Defeated? It is only rare that they take modest damage of any kind, perhaps a dozen instances in the last ten thousand years?”
“You said there were also live hunters?”
“The Brekan are particularly fond of full participation. For those games there is an inner arena where the slegg is, or sometimes sleggs are. An outer ring has pathways with ramps and scaffolds. The sleggs are given a decent chance to hide, but there is always an angle where they are exposed. A good hunter will know how to approach those angles without revealing themselves.”
“What weapons do the hunters have?”
“Again, pistols with shock pellets. If the slegg is successfully subdued, a bot is sent in to finish the termination, again by a crowd-determined method.”
“Any hunters ever killed or hurt?”
“Only through their own clumsiness. The outer ring is defended with an electrified fence to protect the competitors. The live games can sometimes almost get out of control. In the Ultimate Arena, the sleggs have been denied their shackle for as many as three days. Some are made useless by their cravings, while others seem to be made insanely fast and cunning, almost as if they have advanced thought. Hard to tell with your often-violent behavior.”
“Let me ask you something,” said Dester. “You think we're violent? Us? Right here in this room?”
“From the looks I've been given? Yes. I've assigned that to normal Human behavior. Something I currently have no control over. If you choose to assault me here and now, I have no way to stop it, so I just put it out of my mind.”
Jamus shook his head. “When off the Smudge we're no more violent than you. The drug is only intended to keep us dependent as slaves. I'm still waiting to hear how we defend ourselves. Hiding is not the defensive training we need. We need to be able to fight off an attacker.”
“Fight? For what purpose?”
“To protect ourselves.”
“From what attacker? In the games? There is no fighting there.”
“We aren't in the games and we don't plan on being in the games. If you haven't figured it out yet, we're aware. We're off the drug. And at some point we will be fighting for our freedom. If two Leuchen come at me with clubs, I want to be able to defend myself.”
“Leuchen? With clubs? What are you talking about?”
Jamus rolled his eyes. “We're talking about the revolution that's coming. Humans will be rising up. We'll be taking control. And when that happens there will be fighting. When you talk self-defense, it sounds like all you know is slegg instruction. You offer a lame attempt at making the games go on longer. We're talking real-world hand-to-hand fighting between your species and ours.”
Deffie stood in shock. “An actual revolution? Our military would surely prevent that.”
Bersa stepped in. “Deffie, please come with me.”
The Girda instructor followed Bersa out of the room. “Where are we going?”
“You'll see.”

Chapter   15
_______________________

The exit door of the classroom closed and Dester snickered. “She's not coming back. What a waste of skin and bones that one was. We should be allowed to pick her method of termination.”
The following day a new technology instructor was brought in. Two weeks were spent on digital circuits for both computers and control before the class moved on to programming. The instructor was standing in front of the class talking about algorithms when Hallik walked through the door.
“Team, I have excellent news! Our addition of cameras to Master Snooka's shuttle has finally yielded the information we were seeking. We're already seeing progress from our moves and I anticipate being able to overtake the House of Snooka within the next two months. I've been conversing with Bersa and it was decided to keep you learning for another two weeks before we begin training for the new mission.”
“We're going after Thelm as a shuttle crew?”
“That is the situation I am attempting to put in place. Which is why you will continue with your current lessons for several weeks to come. By that time, I hope to have firm intelligence about the current shuttle crew and how to replace them. I only ask for your patience. And I again thank you for all your hard work.”
The class instructor asked, “What is this? What is going on? Are you attempting to usurp the power of the governorship?”
Hallik smiled. “Nothing is being usurped. I intend to earn the power of the governorship. My team here is a tool I use to assist me in achieving that endeavor. As I continue to be successful, my team will be rewarded. I'm hoping that team will continue to include you, Huradi. I've heard nothing but good things about your methods of instruction.”
“You do not have to worry about my commitment, Master Hallik. I've been repeatedly briefed on the alternative.”
“Yes. Excellent. Please continue. I have further business to attend to.”
Hallik left the room with a grin.
Bersa said, “Our instructor here has informed me that he has only ten days of material remaining in his lessons. Given the Snooka news today, I'm declaring the remainder of the day a free day. You have all worked so hard, and I have been thrilled with your test scoring. So go out and relax, enjoy the day.”
Huradi's expression turned into a frown.
Bersa asked, “Something wrong?”
“Nothing other than I probably only have two weeks to live.”
The Girda instructor sighed. “I was telling myself the same thing only months ago. Under Master Hallik, so long as you are supportive of our endeavors and attempt to assist where you can, he will treat you fairly and keep you alive.”
“What do I have to offer? Once this crew is trained, what do I do to have worth?”
“We can work on that when the time comes. Just keep in mind, within the year there is a good possibility that Hallik will become governor of Betuaon State, a very powerful position. And also keep in mind that we aren't stopping there. The Talion District is in need of new leadership, followed by the Agedda Sector, and then the entire empire.”
“You're going after the throne?”
“The House of Hallik has every intention of commanding the empire. It has been many centuries, but the Halliks have been there before. Now, think about being part of a team that has the ear and respect of the emperor. Does that prospect not have its appeal?”
“I suppose it would. And as I stated before, given my alternative, I already have reason enough to be supportive.”
“Excellent.”
“What I don't understand is the Humans not being on Shackle.”
Bersa explained the purpose. She then related Hallik's commitment to free humanity. Huradi was shocked. But unlike his predecessor, after explaining their reasoning—the exploration, the expansion of the empire, the advancement of science and technology—the Talion instructor began to agree with the methods and practices of Hallik's team.
Dester plopped down in his favorite chair. “Overtaking number five. Hard to believe any of this is happening.”
Daniel wheeled himself in. “I was thinking, given that we are now at least modestly educated on technology, maybe it's time we explored the science decks below. If we can clear out any dangerous materials, maybe we can find a use for those rooms?”
Jamus stood. “We have the remainder of the day. But if we do this we take every precaution. We already know at least one of those labs is off-limits. So we fully check out any of the others before breaking any seals.”
Daniel spun his chair around with a grin. “Finally. There are maintenance ports running through those decks. At some point we would almost certainly have to access them. Nothing lasts forever.”
Tamia smirked. “This station has. Ten thousand years at least. Would have liked to have known some of the people who built it. Anyone else ever wonder what it must have been like to be alive back then? Humans in charge? A growing empire?”
The elevator stopped on deck nine. The group made their way into the central room with the sealed labs surrounding it. Dester moved over to a console and began typing away on a keyboard.
“What are you doing?” asked Jamus.
“I'm gonna see what the logs say about lab nine-three right here in front of me.”
Daniel wheeled up next to him as the others crowded around. “You gonna use the newer hacking tools Huradi showed us?”
Dester nodded. “I'm gonna try. The empire security supposedly broke all the encryption on Human systems way back. What Huradi showed us was supposedly old. Maybe it still works on this stuff.”
In under a minute, the password to the system had been cracked. Seconds later, the elder Human was reading through the files of lab nine-three.
“Insecticides. Deck nine is all insecticides. They were looking for ways to control insect populations. This lab, three, along with five and six, are possibly toxic. The others are simple bio-labs and don't show any quarantine or special treatment. The doors to those labs are unlocked, so we can go in and poke around as much as we want. Three, five, and six are now on quarantine lockdown. We won't be going in those without coming through this console.”
The group flooded into lab nine-one. Microscopes, digital chromatographs, various analyzers, and kymographs were poked, prodded, powered on and off, and looked through. Stacks of Petri dishes, beakers, and flasks sat dry. Whatever liquid or living substances they had once contained had frozen hard and sublimated over the course of ten thousand years sitting in the cold of space.
The excitement over entering the once-closed lab slowly waned as nothing of real interest was discovered. The remaining labs held much of the same. The group returned to the lounge, bored with their adventure.
Daniel said, “I really thought that would be more exciting than it was. Some of that equipment is cool, but we don't have a use for it.”
“We don't have a use for it right now,” said Jamus, “but who knows, maybe we'll need it for a future mission.”
Dester chuckled. “Maybe we can transform the insecticides into alienicides. Just spray and forget. Then we have our freedom.”
In the weeks that followed, news came of the collapse of several Snooka enterprises, collapses which made millions of credits for the House of Hallik. Training had begun for positions on the Thelm shuttle.
Bersa paced back and forth in front of a display. “Mr. Turnbull, what color were the pillow casings on Master Thelm's sleeping crib?”
“Green.”
“Correct.”
“Mr. Marr, what color are the shoes of the Thelm bridge crew?”
“Brown I guess. They're really more of a sandal that a shoe.”
“Correct.”
“Ms. Brown, what is the standard atmospheric temperature on Master Thelm's shuttle?”
“Twenty-four degrees.”
“Correct. It would seem you are each ready for this mission. We will know in the morning how many of you, if any of you, have been placed. The initial monitoring of Master Snooka's shuttle ran for ten weeks. I expect our stay with Thelm will be of at least equal length. If any of you have questions or concerns about your assignments, please ask them now. Once you have been deployed, there will be no coming back until the mission is complete.”
Dester asked, “Explain again, why can't we go directly after the governor?”
“The governor is surrounded by tight security. Without us being in a position of waiting to assume control, it makes no sense to take out the top earner. The person directly beneath them would be voted in.”
“I would think knocking any of the four above us from their perch would be beneficial to Hallik.”
“That is not how the game of wealth is played, Mr. Marr. Any elevation achieved from doing such would only be against names on that list. We still have to acquire the wealth needed to hold that position. Being the weakest state governor in our district is a very undesirable position. It just makes moving up within the district that much harder. Should we enter the governorship in a strong position, it's possible we will not have to depose all the other governors to earn the governorship of the district.”
Dester waved off the reply. “Meh, those rules are stupid. Take them out and we move up.”
“We need much of the wealth they control to further our ability to rise up. Control of wealth is control of citizens. Without a large backing of those who we rule, we are subject to some of the same deal-making we have been partaking in. Master Hallik's wealth must be solid and unquestionable. Those are the rules of the game, Mr. Marr. To try to skirt them will only work to our detriment.”
The following day, Jim, Kerena, and Jamus were given slave-staff positions on the Voluntra, the personal shuttle of the ruler of the House of Thelm. Upon arrival they were immediately put to work. Jamus stood at attention as Thelm came into his chambers for his nightly slumber.
Thelm's tunic was removed before he stepped over into a panned washing area, where two other slaves got to work, gently scrubbing and buffing his skin as a warm water rinse was poured over him. Jamus was ready with a soft towel and an air-dryer. A conditioning crème for the light gray fur that covered his body was applied and then wiped clean before a gown was dropped over his head.
“Such a long day. I'm always happy to retire to my chambers. The three of you take such excellent care of me. Wait... who are you?”
Jamus gave a slow and muted reply. “Your newest manservant, Master.”
Thelm stared for several seconds. “Goodness, a servant who actually speaks?”
Bersa and the others were watching on the monitors. “That was a grand mistake. Those questions are rhetorical. No one expects an answer. Slaves as a rule don't talk to their masters.”
Thelm looked his newest slave up and down. “Who told you to talk?”
“I'm sorry, Master. My prior owner preferred that I do so.”
Bersa sighed. “He's digging his own grave.”
“Hmm. And this other master, did they carry on conversations with you?”
Bersa stood. “Please don't say yes.”
“He asked that I do so, if only for him to have someone he could trust to use as a sounding board for his thoughts. I did not understand much of what he was saying, but he seemed to appreciate the responses I could offer. I will be silent if that is what you ask. I am here to serve you.”
“Hmm… no. I think I will opt for the responses, but only when I ask a direct question. I don't want to be bothered by some mindless babble from a slave. Did you like your prior owner?”
“It was not my position to like or dislike, Master. I am property.”
“Good point. Excellent. Perhaps I will enjoy this evening banter before bed.”
“Would you prefer a greeting when you enter the room, Master?”
“I think not. I don't want anyone thinking I carry on conversations with my slaves.”
“Very well. Only when you are alone.”
Jamus gestured toward another slave who was holding up a tray. “The kitchen has prepared your evening beverage. May I massage your feet for you once you are in bed?”
“Not with your hands I hope.”
“My apologies, Master. With gloves. My hands are not worthy of touching your feet.”
“Hmm. I suppose, then. I don't believe I've had a foot massage before slumber. This will be interesting.”
Bersa shook her head. “I can't believe he's getting away with that. Most would have caned him and called for his immediate termination.”
The Talion magnate sat back in his bed as he sipped on a beverage that Kerena had specially prepared. Jamus pulled on a pair of massaging gloves and got to work with a firm but gentle rubdown of his master's feet.
“Oh... this is heavenly... why haven't I had this every night of my life?”
Five minutes into the effort, the senior Talion was fast asleep. The two other chamber slaves moved about their normal evening business of quietly straightening up the room. Jamus removed the gloves and began to walk about.
“He has a desk over here. With papers. Let's see... nothing. Nothing. Nothing... and possibly something.”
The paper in question was held up in front of the camera. “Bersa, make of that what you will. Don't know if it's relevant or not.”
Jamus pressed a button on the desk and a monitor and keyboard rose up from within. “Looks like we have our own private terminal in here. Keys to the kingdom?”
Bersa said, “Please don't turn that on. Please. Access to the system will be logged. They will know it is after hours and will check on their employer.”
Jamus glanced down at the camera with a smile. “Bersa, I know you're squirming about now. Don't worry. I won't be accessing that unless I feel a critical need. And when I say critical I mean extreme. If that has access to all the Thelm data, which I would believe it does, we would be ready for a pick-up tomorrow. But not without leaving a huge footprint. So I'll stick to our current mission plans.”
Tamia nodded. “He knows how to build suspense, I'll give him that.”
The camera panned around the room as Jamus got to work on his assigned tasks. The master was tucked in; his prior day's wardrobe was hung and prepared for a cleaning. Towels were collected and the bathing pan wiped down to a dry, clean finish. The three slaves retired to a nook to sit, where they were just in view of the master's bed and ready to serve should he awaken. Nine hours would be spent in the dimly lit room before Thelm was ready to rise.
After preparing a meal for the crew, Kerena was busy working up food for the slave staff. Leftovers from the master and senior staff were used to make the crew plates, where leftovers were then mixed into a pasty gruel that was spiced up to suit a Human pallet. The slave gruel was boiled down before being spread on freshly baked bread and handed out. The same meal and beverage was had four times per day. Master Thelm operated on a twenty-hour standard when on his shuttle.
The focus of the monitoring moved to that of following Jim Wazny. The “Waz” was on the bridge, pushing around his rags as Dester Marr served beverages.
The captain was talking with his nav officer. “I'm expecting an eleven-day stop at Parisser. Master Thelm has box seats for the kicking off of the ten-thousandth Ultimate Games. I believe eleven days because the first will be nothing but celebrations and parties, the remaining ten, the games. The crew, each of you, will be awarded a day and a half pass.
“You may watch the beginning of the games from wherever you like, but you will be back here at the first termination. I don't care if it lasts three minutes or three hours. When the first is over, you are expected back here immediately. The master may be spending the entire day out there watching, but we will be ready the moment he is called away.”
The nav officer replied, “Sir, the next scheduled stop is on Polous for a meeting with his son and grandson. That will not be for twelve days.”
“True, but as we've seen before, Master Thelm likes to go early so that he may check up on his assets before any meeting. He gets ornery if his grandson asks questions he is not prepared to answer. If he needs to leave sooner rather than later, we will be prepared. I've arranged these passes because I am certain he will stay for the time I mentioned, at a minimum.”
The nav officer shook his head. “Ten-thousandth Ultimate. What a spectacle that will be. I've heard there may be as many as thirty thousand sleggs terminated on the first day. I do hope they bring in some who are capable of offering a challenge and not the same old weak and feeble we often see in the lesser games.”
The captain leaned in. “I've been told this time it will all be fresh sleggs. No ailments. No encumbrances. Some have even been hinting around at giving them a small shield to make it more of a challenge.”
“Oh, what I wouldn't give to be seated with Master Thelm for this.”
The captain slapped his nav officer to the deck. “You aren't worthy to even mention that. Your pass is pulled. You'll be watching any games from this ship!”
The captain strode off with an indignant expression. Dester offered the downed officer a beverage, almost looking away as he fought to contain a smirk.
Tamia said, “Wow, that came out of nowhere.”
Bresa replied, “Fourth in line for the governorship of a state demands respect. No crewman, let alone the captain himself, would ever be offered a seat with the master for this grand event or any other. It was an undignified thought and the crewman was punished for it. He shall not soon forget his transgression.”
The remainder of the night was quiet.

Chapter   16
_______________________

Jamus answered a gentle knock on the door as Thelm began to stir in his bed. As the master opened his eyes, a servant was standing next to his bed with a warm beverage.
“What is this?”
Jamus replied, “Something to bring you energy and start your day off right, Master. A good start to the morning brings a brighter day.”
“Hmm.”
Thelm took several sips. “What is this beverage?”
“A mix of berries, with the slightest touch of stimulant. Might I suggest a warm bath before dressing this morning?”
“Hmm, I do like my baths. And I do like to be clean. Let's make it so.”
“As you command, Master.”
Another scrubbing, this time with a new lightly-scented soap resulted in a smiling Master Thelm as his tunic was brought to his side.
“May I suggest we go with the green tunic with the orange sash this morning? You will be leaving the ship to attend the Ultimate Games festivities this morning. You look commanding in the green. Master.”
“Commanding? Hmm. Indeed I do. Wait. How would you know this?”
“It is my everything to serve you, Master. I took note of this striking image of you on the wall. Well suited for any celebration. Outright commanding.”
Thelm puffed up his sagging chest. “Commanding. Yes. I suppose the green would be the right outfit for the day. Go on. Put it on.”
“And the regalia boots, Master. The perfect judicious compliment to your otherwise commanding presence.”
“I do like to be judicious.”
As Jamus pushed on the first of the boots, Thelm asked, “What is your name, slave?”
“Jamus, Master. And I am privileged that you should ask. Such magnanimity from a Talion in such a high position. No slave deserves such.”
“You are right, Jamus.”
As the elder Thelm was helped to his feet and he began to walk toward the door, he stopped. “Jamus, have you ever been to an Ultimate Games before?”
“No, Master.”
“Clean yourself up. Speak to the captain about what you might wear. I want you serving me today as I make the rounds before tomorrow's games.”
“As you ask, Master. I took the liberty of peeking at the menu for this morning's breakfast. desbet clippings drizzled in a carnival sauce. Your favorite. Nothing better than a healthy start to a day of celebration.”
Thelm moved into the doorway with a chipper step before stopping again. “One last thing. When you attend to me today, there will be absolutely no talking. You will do just as you have been doing here. If I don't like your implied suggestion when handing me anything, I will shoo you away.”
“Understood, Master. My replies beyond these walls would be disrespectful. I will follow your every command.”
“Yes. Yes you will.”
Thelm turned and strode off down the hall toward his waiting breakfast.
As the door to his chambers closed, Jamus glanced down at the camera. “Couldn't kiss his ass any harder, but I believe this to be a big score. He will be meeting with nothing but elites today, and I will be right there to hear everything they say. Bersa, I hope you haven't gone insane on the others yet. I know I'm taking risks in here. I'll be toning it down out there.”
A comm came in from Hallik. “Bersa, this may be bigger than the cameras on Snooka's shuttle. Masters from a wide range of companies and governments will be in attendance out there. The Annual Ultimate Games are the pinnacle of imperial celebration. Citizen work in the empire will come to a near-complete stop today as everyone watches the grand ceremonies.
“Having a camera there among the crowds will be a treasure trove of information. The discussion of deals, trades, and mergers will be rampant. And I do like the idea of a servant slave following me around. Perhaps we can start a new trend, and at the same time place our own people into powerful situations. Mr. Turnbull and his antics... often a delight.”
“And often a headache, Master Hallik. None of this was planned. He takes risks. Risks that endanger us all.”
“If he is willing to self-terminate, which I believe he is, then the risk is to him alone. But keep up your emphasis on following plans. I don't want others taking these same risks. Jamus seems to know what he's doing.”
“Who would you like as your slave attendant today?”
“I will have to go with Ms. Brown. I know Martin is fully capable of pulling this off, but I am not looking to intimidate others with a big Human when I am trying to work them for a deal. I'm sorry, Mr. Gecka, you will have to watch the games from there.”
Bersa nodded. “Just as well. I believe he would start throwing citizens around at the first sign of a Human being chased in a hunt.”
Martin replied, “I would.”
Hallik smiled. “You will not like what you see and hear in the coming days, Mr. Gecka. I can only ask that you have patience and that you channel any hostility toward moving us up in the governmental chain. The sooner I am emperor... the sooner these atrocities come to an end.”
Bersa turned. “Ms. Brown, I believe you have an assignment.”
“Expect me there momentarily,” said Hallik. “We will figure out her dress on the way to the games. Ms. Brown, you will be following behind me at five to six paces. You will speak to no one, and you will listen to everyone. Please, unless you want to be beaten by a baton or by someone's guard, keep your eyes looking at the ground.”
“I can do that, sir. You'll hardly know I'm there.”
“Perfect.”
The comm closed. Fifteen minutes later, Tamia Brown was on her way to the pre-celebrations of the Ultimate Games. A dull-green outfit was selected, something that would allow her to blend into the background of all the fashion showboating that was certain to be taking place. The imperial elites would be out in force, flashing their wealth and prestige as they popped from one celebration to another. Bersa struggled to contain her excitement.
Thelm's shuttle landed at star-port Allegra on the colony of Parisser. An open-air hover-taxi was waiting to ferry the leader of the House of Thelm to the first of many celebrations. Cathold Corporation, a prosperous business under the Thelm umbrella, was the first stop. All the corporate officers were out and practically knocking each other down to get close enough to kiss the sash of the senior Thelm, a greeting usually done to his sleeve.
As the greeters were pushed back by his guards, Thelm leaned back for a whisper toward a head-bowed Jamus. “Excellent suggestion on the sash. You have saved me from the usual dobs of unsightly slobber on my sleeve. It will be sashes from now on for every celebration.”
Thelm turned back to the greeters with a smile. “My people, I feel so welcomed by you here on this auspicious day. The Ultimate Games, the pride of the empire—and here on our planet, a Thelm colony. I've just come from a briefing about your annual contribution to our success. Bravo! You continue to be a key company and high contributor. For this reason, I have tasked your management with providing a thousand pairs of tickets to see the games live. These will be distributed by lottery and will cover the second half of the fourth day.
“For those who won't be so lucky as to attend, I have more good news. This year’s annual bonus has been moved up three weeks to today. If you check your credit accounts, you should see those bonuses within the hour. Now go out, enjoy the day, and may your wagers return three times your spend! Thank you!”
Thelm was hurried from the cheering crowd for a series of meetings with his senior management, then escorted to behind a podium. Before him, the forty members of upper management for Cathold Corporation were standing and waiting.
Thelm leaned forward, placing his hands on either side of the stand in front of him. His gray fur bristled. “As each of you know, the House of Thelm has been bleeding wealth. You here, Cathold Corp, have been a steady performer. But we are at a crossroads as a power in Betuaon. We've lost several key contracts to our competitors of late. The tickets just promised will be limited to a hundred pairs. Spread them among your key performers.
“As to the bonuses, a mix-up in accounting will delay those until the normal time. Assign the usual scapegoats, the non-performers, and have the blame placed squarely on them. Now we move on to the critical agenda. Your sales numbers are up a modest 5 percent over this past year. Our goal was 12. The initiatives we put in place are failing and I want to know why.”
A list of performance metrics showed on a display wall behind Thelm. Jamus turned for his camera to take in a full view.
Bersa nodded in approval as she watched over the video feed from Beta Station. “We could not ask for better intel. This tells us the earnings of each division in their number one performing industry. Master Hallik will be ecstatic. This shows us precisely where to target within this corporation. Well done, Mr. Turnbull. Well done.”
Thelm continued with his stern message about performance for another ten minutes before departing for another event. Jamus followed six paces behind with his head bowed.
As they entered a hover-taxi, Thelm signaled his guards. “You two, I want to be alone. Take the next taxi and follow.”
“But sir, that is highly unusual.”
“Am I your employer?”
“Yes, sir. I beg your forgiveness. We will follow.”
The taxi lifted into the air.
Thelm turned. “Every visit, I have to chastise those buffoons for not making the numbers as directed. Where am I going wrong, Jamus?”
“They all work for you, Master. They should be grateful and perform as directed.”
Thelm stared at his servant. “Yes. Yes I suppose they should. You seem different than the other slaves. More intelligent. Why?”
“I am what I am, Master. My former master insisted I talk. Perhaps that gives the perception of having intelligence.”
“Perhaps.”
Thelm leaned back in his seat. “I dread the next conversation. I will be letting a third of the senior staff go in the coming weeks. Their performance has been abysmal. The company builds and leases office furniture. Our competitor is squeezing us dry of profit. And I know they are struggling themselves.”
Jamus replied, “My prior master looked to split territories with the competitor in a similar situation. Both companies profited.”
Thelm again gave him a hard stare. “A slave knows business?”
“I apologize, Master. I am only repeating what I heard.”
“I see. I'm ordering you here and now to not repeat anything heard while in my employ. Other than to me of course.”
Thelm rubbed his chin. “Split territories. Hmm.”
A comm was opened. “Drakis…”
A Brekan on the other end replied, “Thelm. Are you here at the games?”
“I am. And I wanted to discuss a situation where we have business overlap.”
“Go on.”
“The Myanta Corporation. You are selling goods on Parisser, Wathrin, Polous, and Delissy. I propose we divide those territories and eliminate the competitive pricing we are currently plaguing ourselves with. You will restrict your sales to Wathrin and Delissy, I to Polous and Parisser. I've done a quick run of the numbers in my head. The sales between that split are nearly identical, and although there is a slight loss in volume for me, I am willing to accept that if I have the ability to raise my margins.”
“You do realize a significant price increase will bring in competitors from other businesses, right?”
“Of course. Which is why I would be increasing my unit cost by no more than 12 percent. Should we do this, we will both enjoy enough of a profit that we could easily keep out any competition with kickbacks and bribes, or 'incentives' as we generally call them.”
“An interesting proposition, Thelm. I will have my people discuss this and will have an answer for you by lunchtime. Perhaps we can share a meal during the festivities today?”
Thelm nodded. “That would be a high honor, Master Drakis. A high honor indeed.”
The comm closed.
Thelm turned with broad smile. “Jamus, you may have just solved a major problem for me.”
“As I said, Master, I don't understand it. I was only repeating what I had heard.”
Thelm nodded. “Yes, well, please repeat any more relevant conversations you've overheard. Master Drakis is directly above me in the Betuaon government. Settling disputes between us enriches us both. So much so that I might consider expanding our office sales into the territories of Masterette Wilcer. Imagine if a year from now I could work the same deal with her? Wouldn't that be marvelous?”
“I'm sorry, Master. I don't understand.”
Thelm waved him off. “Doesn't matter. First desbet strips and now this. It's turning out to be a delightful day, Jamus. Simply delightful. Driver, change of plans. We will be going to fleet headquarters for our shuttle operations. Star-port Delta.”
The taxi turned on a new heading, zipping silently across the landscape of Parisser toward the new destination. Minutes later, the taxi settled near a gate of the main terminal building.
Thelm stood. “Come, Jamus. Our fleet command will be meeting us in the hangar where we retrofit shuttles for package delivery. It has been a long-running and stable business for us, a core holding of the House of Thelm. We are the prime outlet for such shuttles.”
“So business is good?”
“Well, not so much good as stable. Steady.”
“Package delivery? Would expansion into other markets be possible? My prior owner expanded their manufacture of home refrigeration units to also service the commercial world. From their remarks, it seemed to be very profitable.”
Bersa shook her head. “What is he doing out there? Our goal is not to make Thelm richer. It's to overtake Thelm's wealth. He's only making things more difficult.”
A comm was opened to Hallik. “Bersa? Is there an emergency?”
“I believe we have a problem, Master Hallik. Mr. Turnbull is advising Master Thelm on how to expand his businesses.”
“I've been watching. I don't see an issue. Splitting territories between Thelm and Drakis makes it easier for us to come in and compete. I've already sent word to my team to acquire a struggling office furniture provider from another district.
“We'll be expanding into the Thelm territory within a month with a heavily discounted line. Thelm will soon be looking to divest himself of that entire business. We'll come in, purchase it on the cheap, and then raise prices just as he had planned. Mr. Turnbull has provided us with an excellent opportunity.”
“And what of the expanded shuttle operations?”
“Any expansion by Thelm will be timid. He isn't a risk taker. Meanwhile, I have a team designing a new package hauler that will take advantage of modern designs. The Thelm shuttles have been exactly the same for two thousand years. We'll be putting together a sales campaign that will crush his business by minimizing his exact strengths.
“Our marketing will be relentless in making his designs look old and inefficient. It will be another losing business that he will be eager to either partner with me on or sell to me outright. Mr. Turnbull is delivering us shiploads of credits. You will let him be. Thelm seems oblivious to the manipulation. As far as exposure goes, Thelm would never admit to taking advice from a slave. I can see your nerves are frayed, Bersa. Sit back. Relax. Enjoy the performance.”
Bersa nodded as the comm closed.

Chapter   17
_______________________

Jamus followed Thelm as he entered the hangar building and stepped up in front of his workers. Twenty minutes later they were cheering on the elder statesman as he talked of expansion. He moved from the wide meeting into a conference room with Thelm’s senior staff. They were directed to seek out new opportunities and to bring those opportunities forward for evaluation. He wanted a firm plan in place and initiated before the games would be over in ten days.
Thelm smirked as they walked back toward the taxi. “Jamus, I haven't been this excited about my businesses in quite some time. I feel invigorated. Ready to act. Master Drakis had better be watching his back, as the House of Thelm will soon be overtaking him.”
“I am certain my wise master will be successful. I can see it in your stride and smile.”
“Yes. My smile. I feel somehow different today, Jamus. Renewed. Your purchase has already shown itself to be an astute move. Shrewd actually. How was it again that I found you?”
“Your old servants were a waste of your credits. They weren't delivering value for what you had spent. You advised your staff to make it right. Your sensible purchase of a slave that could actually perform shows you to be educated, enlightened, and informed. Your own rational decisions are beginning to pay off.”
“Yes. Sensible... and informed. Who was it that was your former master?”
“Master Hox, of the House of Hox in the Nanuct sector. Sadly he is no longer with us. And his daughter is inept at business, unlike the vast array of skills you yourself possess.”
Martin shook his head as he watched on the display. “Wow. He's really laying it on. I'd say overdoing it.”
Bersa replied, “Thelm is an imbecile, so easily manipulated. His businesses have been on a slow decline because he surrounds himself with yes-men. Jamus is appealing to one of his biggest flaws… vanity.”
The next stop was at the corporate headquarters of a company belonging to Master Drakis. The entire corporation had been shut for the day and food and drink catered for the employees. Drakis met Thelm as he was led to a roped-off area for elites.
“Master Thelm, welcome. I've been advised by my team to accept your offer for a territorial split. Both our operations should become lucrative, so long as we each keep out competition.”
Thelm nodded. “My thoughts exactly. We've been beating each other over the head for too long. I have advised my team to look into other areas where we might cooperate.”
Drakis pulled back. “You would take such risks? You do realize collusion to control markets is illegal, right?”
“Ah, but we are not colluding to control. Any company can freely enter the market at any time. Our collusion is merely ensuring that we can each profit from our businesses.”
“Yes, well, my advisors have concluded that any further agreements along these lines would not be in my best interest.”
“Very well. Have you been enjoying the festivities so far?”
“It is too early to tell.”
Thelm was left with that awkward conversational moment when there was nothing to be said. He bowed to the master of the House of Drakis and turned for his taxi.
“Hmm. Just as last time,” Thelm said to Jamus as they walked. “It has been two years and he is about as un-celebratory as one could be. For a Brekan, he lacks charisma. I have the feeling I shall regret our agreement.”
“He did lack the personal appeal you possess, Master.”
“Yes. Yes he did. Come, Jamus. It's time we returned our focus to this grand celebration. The House of Wilcer generally offers a fun and inviting event at their fashion headquarters. The outfits are stunning and the models wearing them equally so. Masterette Wilcer knows her fashion. Did you know I picked up my fourth wife at one of these events?”
“No, Master. I did not.”
“Yes, well, I was young and she was fun to look at. Perhaps I should have brought her along. She added absolutely nothing to the House of Thelm at the time, but she has been a pleasant wife when in my company.”
“Pleasant is good, Master.”
“Yes. And she is practical as well. Did you know she maintains her wardrobe on the smallest budget of each of my wives?”
“No, Master, I did not. How many wives do you have?”
“Nine. I should be rid of at least two. But I can't bring myself to talk to the two in question. I haven't spoken with them in over a decade. They were wed for their family connections.”
“Are those family connections still beneficial to your businesses?”
“Well, no, I suppose not.”
“Pardon my intrusion, Master, but it would seem they are no longer useful to the House of Thelm. Perhaps it is time they were let go so a lesser Talion can enjoy the burden of their expense.”
Thelm chuckled. “The burden of their expense. Now you are sounding like my second wife. Not a phrase is uttered from her mouth that doesn't hint at the benefit of divorcing all the others.”
“Master Hox had only three wives. His daughter has sixteen husbands.”
“Sixteen? Goodness. Now that sounds like a burden.”
They reached the hover-taxi and took their seats as it lifted off.
“Seven wives. Yes. I think I shall move two of them along. They have been a burden, as you say, to the House of Thelm for far too long. Now, what shall we talk about on the ride over to meet Masterette Wilcer?”
“You are fourth in line for the governorship, Master. Tell me your thoughts on those above you?”
Bersa clasped her hands together. “Brilliant!”
“Those above me. Well, there's Master Drakis, whom you just met.”
“What are the primary businesses of the House of Drakis?”
“Hmm. The office furniture business, which you already knew. He has an even larger line of home furnishings. A popular beverage company. And probably his largest holding is the tobacco farms on the Wathrin colony. He supplies nearly 90 percent of the cigarettes for Betuaon State and two others.”
“Cigarettes?”
“Yes. You've undoubtedly seen the small sticks that others have been puffing on? They are quite popular in the underclasses. A disgusting habit in my book. But to each his own.”
Bersa replied, “Tobacco… a plant that comes from your planet Earth. If the populace knew of its Human origin they would toss them all on the ground. The cigarette came to the stars with you Humans. As did a number of other vices.”
“Is tobacco something you could grow on your farms?”
“Hmm, I suppose. But Drakis is the king of tobacco. There would be no good way to compete with him for that business from my farms. They are not expansive enough.”
“Master Hox used to talk of partnerships.”
“Did you not just witness how Drakis deals with partners? He doesn't like them.”
“Are there no other masters with plentiful farmland?”
“Hmm, I suppose there are. What I fail to see is how do I bring anything to this partnership? I don't have farming and I don't have distribution.”
“Did I overhear you stating one of your businesses was a media company?”
“Yes, I have a media company. Sixteen channels covering nine colonies.”
“And is your main revenue advertising?”
“It is.”
“Do the citizens of the empire follow trends?”
“Voraciously.”
“Would a trendy set of ads make a cigarette product competitive?”
“Hmm. I see where you are going. If I find a partner who can grow and distribute product, I could provide a marketing campaign to start a trend. Interesting.”
“It's genius, Master. You are a genius.”
“Yes, I suppose I am. I will begin looking for a partner. An excellent suggestion, Jamus.”
“You are too kind, Master. This was your doing. You had the brains to think of this, and now the possible means to make it happen. Let Master Drakis snub you again. He will pay.”
“Snub me? Well, I suppose he was abrupt at denying my suggestion of continued cooperation. Yes... Master Drakis should pay for that.”
“He will pay big, Master. Your genius will make it so.”
Hallik opened a comm to Bersa. “Superb. My farms are fully capable of growing tobacco on a large scale. Not only can I profit from such an arrangement, I can take profit from the House of Drakis. Mr. Turnbull is devious. I could use his wit directly on my staff. Bersa, your contract is due to expire at the end of this month. It is being renewed for a full year and with a 20 percent raise and 20 percent bonus.”
Bersa was silent for several seconds. “That is quite generous, Master Hallik. I will continue to dedicate my best effort toward achieving our goals.”
Hallik smiled. “You've just earned another 10 percent in raise, Bersa. Your commitment has been stellar.”
At the Wilcer celebration, five of the other Betuaon governorship underlings were present, including Hallik. As Thelm sampled foods from a grand buffet, Hallik approached him from behind.
“Master Thelm, I don't believe I've had the pleasure of meeting you before. I've been a follower of yours for some time.”
“And you are?”
“Master Hallik. I am honored to currently hold the fifth position in Betuaon.”
“Fifth? What happened to Snooka?”
“Master Snooka has made a number of poor decisions of late, costing him a tremendous amount of wealth. It's my understanding that Montat may surpass him in the coming months. I approached him seeking a farming partnership and was rebuffed. He seems to be averse to gathering credits and instead prefers to go it alone.”
“Farming? What kind of farming?”
“I have fertile lands. I'm in the process of looking for a new crop. I have the land. I have the slaves. Would you have any insight into what might be in demand?”
Thelm grinned. “Have you ever considered tobacco?”
“Cigarettes? Isn't that market locked by Master Drakis?”
“It is. But I've had this idea for creating a new trendy campaign that will make Drakis look like a fossil. However, I would need a growing partner before I could undertake such an adventure.”
“If... I were to grow product, how would your trendy new campaign work? What is the differentiator? Why would consumers come to your brand instead?”
“Flavors, colors, shapes. The usual advertising gimmicks. I would hire any number of celebrities to push the product while ridiculing what Drakis sells. With the proper catchy trend, a well thought out campaign might actually unseat Drakis as the tobacco king.”
Hallik smiled. “I suppose something like that might cause enough shifting of wealth to move said partners up in their governorship rankings?”
Thelm nodded with a smile of his own. “Precisely. You know, it was only this morning I went to Drakis with a partnership opportunity for which I was snubbed?”
Hallik looked around as if to make certain no one was within listening distance. “I've heard he can be quite difficult to work with. And snubbed? Why should a person of such stature, and with such a rich history, ever be snubbed? That is just disrespectful.”
“Indeed. So, Master Hallik, would you have interest in becoming a tobacco farmer?”
“Indeed I would. I will have my team put together a presentation for you to look over. If we both agree to terms, I don't see why we can't teach Master Drakis a good lesson in respect.”
Thelm stared for several seconds. “I like you, Master Hallik. You should have approached me before.”
“I'm humbled by your words. I genuinely wish I had sought a relationship earlier. I'm certain I will benefit from your wise council.”
The banter continued for another half hour before Hallik hurried away after a comm call. Thelm returned to his feast at the buffet, handing a plate and beverage to Jamus to hold as he ate and admired the crowd.
“Jamus, it seems we may have struck another deal.”
“It seems like a good partnership, Master Thelm. With your leadership, I have no doubt it will be an exciting success.”
“Yes... exciting. It has been quite the day, Jamus. Quite the day.”
Two Talions walked past Jamus as they made their way to the buffet. “Hurry, the games are beginning in about fifteen minutes. Masterette Wilcer always has a surprise.”
Thelm stepped forward. “Excuse me, but where exactly are Wilcer's games?”
One of the Talions turned with an annoyed expression before realizing who had asked the question. “Oh, Master Thelm. The uh, games... are in the arena just down the street, sir.”
Thelm turned toward Jamus. “Come. We will want to be there for the opening.”
A comm was opened to his ship. “Why wasn't I informed of the games in the arena?”
“It is on your itinerary, Master. Third item on the list.”
“And why wasn't I informed?”
“Uh.”
“Never mind.” The comm was closed. “Incompetents.”
Jamus said, “Master Hox had a slave in charge of his schedule. Perhaps someone you own could see to it you are properly informed.”
“A slave managing my schedule? Preposterous.”
“Master Hox never missed a meeting, or an event in this case.”
“If word leaked that I had a slave seeing to my appointments, I'd be the laughing stock of all Betuaon. Do not bring up this idea again.”
“Yes, Master.”
Several minutes later they walked into the arena. Recognized as an elite in the Betuaon government, Thelm and his slave were escorted to a private viewing box. An attendant was waiting to serve refreshments as Thelm sat back in an ultra-plush chair.
“Attendant? What will be the opening act?”
“It is always a surprise, Master Thelm. Masterette Wilcer has quite the imagination.”
“I see. Very well. Bring me a beverage.”
The arena lights dropped. Eerie organ music began to play. It was difficult to make out, but Jamus could see the beginnings of a large wall being erected at one end of the arena, where a section of seats had been cordoned off and kept empty.
“What is it? What's happening?” Thelm asked.
“Some kind of construction, Master. A wall maybe?”

Chapter   18
_______________________

A full minute passed before a set of lights began to flash on the wall. A giant red and white target showed in its center. Down at floor level, a single spotlight illuminated a doorway out onto the floor of the arena. Seconds later, an elderly Human slave, dressed in a brightly colored outfit and wearing a red top hat adorned with flashing lights, was pushed out into the arena. A young Talion boy then scurried out with two leashes, handed them to the Human and sprinted back into the doorway.
The crowd hushed as organ music began to build. Two piglets raced out, attached to the leashes. The crowd gave a tepid cheer. At the other end of the arena, another spotlight illuminated the surprise: an immense catapult sitting at the ready.
Thelm took a sip of his beverage and scratched his head as the slave began to walk toward the steel mechanism, now fully illuminated. “Pig-pulting? That is the grand surprise? I suppose it's unusual, but not the opening all the hype suggested.”
As the brightly-colored Human arrived at the catapult, another Talion boy stepped into the spotlight, collecting the leashes and hurrying away.
“What is happening? This doesn't make sense.”
Jamus scowled. “The Human.”
“The Human what?”
“Is going on the catapult.”
Thelm stood with a thrilled look as the rest of the crowd began to stand as well. Murmurs turned into a low din, building to a roar of cheering and applause. The Human climbed into the bucket on the end of the arm, his light-covered top-hat flashing as he held it up into the air as a greeting to the crowd. The cheers turned into screams of delight, the building organ music only adding to the thunderous noise of the arena.
The spotlight on the other end tightened to focus on the target symbol itself. A single spot showed on the arena floor, where Masterette Wilcer was standing. She held up both hands as she slowly rotated, taking in all sections of the crowd.
She spoke into a mic. “People of Parisser and the surrounding colonies. Today we begin the opening festivities of the ten thousandth Ultimate Games. Several weeks ago, I was thinking about how everything was on-target for this to be a record setting event. The phrase on-target stuck with me. So I thought, what better way to open the celebration than to be on-target?”
The crowd roared.
“As you can see, the bull’s-eye is hollow. The opening is small, but large enough to fit a Human-pulter. My team has taken a number of practice shots to get us close to being aligned, but not perfect. So to begin the opening ceremonies here at Wilcer Corporation headquarters, we will be launching Humans until no less than three have passed through the bulls-eye!”
The crowd cheered.
“Let the celebration begin!”
The center spot dimmed and all attention turned back to the Human, who was now standing in the bucket.
Jamus scowled at the thought of what was coming. A giant display showed a countdown from ten as the crowd chanted along. At zero, the catapult released. The Human, who had been standing and waving his top-hat, only following orders and oblivious to what was actually happening, shot up into the air, flipping end over end as he was flung from the bucket. After nearly striking the ceiling, he plummeted to the floor, not coming close to the target. A series of spotlights followed his trajectory.
The man hit the hard arena floor with a thud, almost bouncing, before coming to a motionless stop. The crowd went ultra-quiet, before breaking out into a thunderous laugh. A team of Human slaves hurried out and dragged the defunct rider from the arena. The spotlights moved over to illuminate the doorway where another slave was pushed out into the light. Again, he was dressed in a brightly colored and ridiculous costume. He slowly marched to the catapult, climbed up, and seated himself in the bucket.
The crowd noise began to build as an announcer came over the speakers. “What do we do when at first we don't succeed?”
The crowd chanted back. “Try, try, again!”
The second slave was launched, flipping through the air before slamming into the outer circle of the bull’s-eye. His body dropped from the wall to the arena floor, twenty meters below. A group of slaves scurried out to drag off the lifeless slegg. The third rider managed to stay conscious during the vault, seeming to steer herself through the bull’s-eye and into a safety net behind. The crowd politely clapped.
Instead of the spotlight’s focus turning to the next rider, it remained on the successful slegg as she was helped down from the netting. With much fanfare, she was escorted back to the catapult for a second ride. The crowd cheered her on as the music again began to build. The second ride, while close, was still a mammoth failure, resulting in the death of the pulted-slave. The crowd followed with applause for her dignified effort.
Jamus stood with his fists clenched as he stared at the back of Master Thelm’s head, who was thoroughly enjoying the spectacle.
His expression of hate for all aliens was quickly masked as Thelm turned back to him. “I was really rooting for her. I have to say, this is one of the finest opening celebrations I've attended.” Thelm stared for several seconds, getting no reaction from his personal slave. An annoyed wave of his hand at the lack of his slave's reaction had the master turning back to the festivities.
Sixteen additional Humans saw their end before a third managed to squeak through the bull’s-eye. The lights in the stands came up slightly as a crew got to work dismantling the wall. A second crew laid out a half-meter-deep pool and began filling it with water, as a third crew began to lay out framework for a trough that was five meters wide and forty meters long.
Thelm looked on in wonder. “What could they possibly be doing?”
An announcer came back over the speakers. “Please rise and sing the Betuaon State song as our crews ready the next event.”
A third of the crowd participated. The crews on the floor completed their tasks, with a new set of workers taking over. Hundreds of wheelbarrows carrying red-hot coals were brought in and dumped into the framework, followed by slaves with rakes. The piles of coals were quickly smoothed out and the slave workers recalled. The lights up in the stands lowered as the framework and pool were illuminated. A line of brightly dressed slaves, with no shoes, began to form up at one end of the trough. The crowd began to cheer.
“For our continuing celebration, we bring back the ever-popular coal run. You've all seen it on your video feeds. Now you get to witness it live in all its spectacle!”
A Talion assistant walked up to the first runner, dowsing their feet with an oily substance. 
The music built as the announcer yelled, “Runner away!”
The first slave sprinted down the hot coals, bursting into flames as they reached the halfway point. A blood curdling scream could be heard as they stumbled and fell to the side, the flames consuming them. A team of slaves ran from a side door, dowsing the failed runner and then dragging them off.
“Runner away!” saw the next participant high-stepping down the trough, again flaming up as they reached the halfway mark. The crowd cheered, yelled, laughed, and were otherwise in a frenzy of wicked celebration. Eight Humans perished before the ninth reached the pool. In keeping with the theme, three Humans had to finish the run before the next game would begin.
Thirty-two Humans failed before the heinous event came to an end. Jamus was seething with anger, even looking around the room for something he could use to end the life of his master. Thelm continued to sip on his beverage, chuckling in delight.
“Jamus, this is without a doubt the best opening celebration I have attended. Masterette Wilcer will definitely see a boost in popularity from this... don't you think?”
Jamus struggled to maintain a stoic expression. Thelm frowned as he turned away, again without the satisfaction of a reaction.
Tamia sat in the classroom, sobbing. “Such cruelty. Do your people not have a conscience?”
Bersa replied, “Mostly, no. No they don't. This is especially true for the Talions. They are a cold species, only interested in self.”
Martin's face was a scowl. His massive arms were crossed and flexed, as if struggling to hold in the rage he was feeling. “Such evil. No empathy. They don't deserve to be counted among the living.”
“Horrific, yes. But we have to keep our focus on the task at hand. Overtaking Master Thelm will have to be reward enough for us for now. Wilcer is next in line, so we will be going after her next.”
Tamia said, “These are only the third and fourth in line for Betuaon State. Are the other states as cruel? What of districts and sectors?”
“They are all equally as sadistic. The Ultimate Games are an annual ritual, but minor games play out throughout the empire on a daily or weekly basis. As Master Hallik said, these are the reasons he kept the news feeds from you as long as he did. You needed time to process everything that was happening, time to take in our spying efforts here—time to understand the need to elevate our master to the post of emperor. Without these efforts, we are no better than dead.”
The horrid celebrations in the arena ran for another two hours before the crowds were wished well and dismissed. The morning celebrations were over and the afternoon festivities set to begin. Minor parties were in full swing across the colony, where revelers were enjoying themselves before the evening’s events. A private celebration, released on video-stream for the masses, would take place in an arena owned by Betuaon State Governor Aurin. Thelm, Drakis, Wilcer, Snooka and the next dozen elites in line for the governorship were invited.
Hallik made his way in early, taking a power-seat position beside the governor. Grumbles of indignation at his audacity were heard from Wilcer, Drakis, and Thelm. Hallik sat waiting for the host with a grin.
Thelm turned back to whisper to Jamus, sitting on the floor behind his chair. “The nerve of Master Hallik in taking that position.”
Jamus whispered, “Perhaps. Or perhaps it is a move that benefits you. If you are to be partnering with an underling who has connections to the governor himself, is that not beneficial to the House of Thelm?”
“Well, yes. I suppose it would be.”
“Then we should celebrate Master Hallik's arrogance. He will assuredly inform you of his conversations, whereas Masterette Wilcer and Master Drakis would see no benefit in telling you anything.”
“Hmm. Well reasoned, Jamus. I shall honor Master Hallik with a conversation as soon as the festivities here have completed.”
“You are ultimately wise, Master. And very adept at playing this political game.”
“Yes. Yes, I suppose I am.”
Thelm turned back toward the front with a sly grin. He was not seated by the governor himself, but he had a new partner who was. He wondered to himself if the day could get any better.
Governor Aurin entered the arena with an entourage of no less than fifty followers. A nod was made toward the box seating, where the other masters were waiting. After disappearing behind a wall for several minutes, an elevator door opened and the governor walked out.
“Greeting, fellow officials. I have big news for us all. Masterette Roulet, Governor of the Talion District, will be joining us in about an hour. The celebrations were set to begin, but I've chosen to delay their start until the governor arrives. Until that time, we have food and beverage for each of you, so enjoy and self-entertain.”
The Betuaon governor sat next to Hallik with a pursed smile. “Do I know you?”
Hallik smiled. “I am Master Hallik, Governor. Fifth in line for the governorship and here today in your service.”
“Ah. You would be the one who replaced Master Snooka. A good citizen. I was surprised at his poor investing when I heard.”
“Master Snooka was his own worst enemy, Governor. I attempted to contact him for partnering when I saw some of his businesses were at risk. He failed to heed my council, or allow me to help. It was his own mistakes that took the position from his grasp. I've been told he has fallen another position since.”
“Hmm. Such incompetence is rarely seen. I don't think there has been more than one two-position change in all of Betuaon in the last decade. To have fallen two positions is remarkable.”
“And it may not be over, Governor. I've been trying to assist by buying up his distressed assets where I can. It seems many are only in need of good management to make them once again profitable and thriving.”
“You seem to be in tune with good business practices, Hallik. Well done.”
“Thank you, Governor. I would ask if you would be so kind as to offer guidance in one such matter.”
“Go on.”
“I'm contemplating opening a diamond mine on Caloran. The minerals appear to be there, but my mining expertise in diamond is lacking. You, however, are an expert in the field, owning several of the top producing mines on Gatemon II.”
“Diamonds have been good to the House of Aurin. Why would I jeopardize the current pricing support in the diamond market by enabling new mines?”
“Yes, Governor, why? I can tell you why. In exchange for your expertise, I would be seeking a partner. I have several possibilities for market expansion outside of Betuaon, where the extra production could be sold. My struggle at the moment is to how best get it out of the ground. For that I need a knowledgeable partner.”
“An investment of my expertise for a return in profit, a profit which does not compete with my own? That does sound intriguing.”
“What if I had the means to also expand market demand here in Betuaon? Not for my production mind you, but for yours.”
“A distribution partnership?”
“You aren't in need of distribution, Governor. This would be marketing. What If I were able to increase demand by 15 percent?”
“I suppose pricing would improve with the increased demand.”
“Precisely. And those profits would go directly to the House of Aurin.”
“I can see why you overtook Snooka, Hallik. You are a shrewd businessman. I would be delighted to entertain any such ventures.”
Hallik smiled. “Excellent. I'd rather not disturb your enjoyment of the games, so would a good time for another meeting be at the conclusion of the games?”
“I will see to it my team has knowledge of this proposal. If you would be able to arrange it with them, at your earliest convenience, we'll see if we can do business. No sense in delaying days where we could be making a profit.”
“Governor, I appreciate your willingness to hear my proposal. I'll take my leave of this chair so others may approach you as needed.”
Aurin held out his hand. “Please stay, Master Hallik. I'd rather not be bothered with any more business at this time. You won't be further discussing business, will you?”
“By no means, Governor. Were you able to attend the celebration at the Wilcer Corporation?”
“No. I hear it was quite festive.”
“It began that way, but then she rolled out the old flame walking event. It was entertaining, but wholly unoriginal.”
“Yes. We have seen that one many times.”
Hallik glanced around. “I'm surprised Drakis is here in attendance.”
“Why would he not be?”
“I've heard rumors that he has no appreciation for the games.”
Aurin pulled back. “What? How is that possible? He's Brekan. They... you practically invented the games.”
“I know. It was hard to believe. Should word of that leak out, it would jeopardize his businesses.”
“Forget about his business. What about the people? How disheartening would it be to us all to have knowledge of an elite who was against the games?”
“What if he were to become governor?”
“I shudder at the thought. Thank you for bringing this to my attention, Master Hallik. You are a true patriot.”
“I live and breathe to protect the empire, Governor... live and breathe.”

Chapter   19
_______________________

The Aurin celebration was packed with numerous instances of Humanicide. Hundreds perished and all for the purpose of pure entertainment. The citizens who made up the empire were truly corrupt. Discussion after discussion, as overheard by Jamus, revealed a general lack of intellect among the non-Humans. But everything in the empire was plentiful. Those at the lower end of the wealth spectrum happily accepted their station in life, a life that was immensely easy for all—excluding Humans.
The following day, the games opened with a spectacular gladiator war. Two sides of more than five hundred participants each were given swords, knives, axes, shields, and clubs. Spectators, selected at random, were given the honor of directing squads of ten units each from a safe box located above the arena floor.
Wagering was heavy, as were the casualties. Just over two hundred Humans survived the melee, all addicted to Shackle and all not showing much care. When the fighting ended, the winning squad directors were brought down to the floor for photo-ops with their winning teams. When the greeting was complete, the victors were divided into two opposing camps, and the fighting was once again controlled by a new set of randomly selected fans.
After a third repeat of the process, the fifteen Humans who remained standing were summarily executed and their bodies dragged from the arena. Similar games were happening all throughout the empire. For the citizens, it was a time for drinking oneself into a stupor and wagering every extra credit they could get their hands on.
Midway through the day, Hallik retired to his shuttle.
A comm was opened to Bersa. “How are things at home base?”
“I've had to almost physically restrain Martin on several occasions. He is not taking the events we are seeing well.”
“I see. As would be expected from any Human who was off Shackle.”
“Master, will you be coming this way?”
“Is there a specific need? How is our crew with Master Thelm doing?”
“They are good. The last day has been boring for them. Only one guard is on the vessel while the remainder of the crew is out enjoying the games. Ms. Bachran is the only one with work, and that work is minimal. Mr. Wazny has all the floors spotless. Mr. Marr is sitting on the bridge by himself. And of course, Mr. Turnbull remains out with Master Thelm.”
“I don't know if you were watching, but I seem to be closing possible deals left and right. Aurin was intrigued by my suggestions. My team is putting together a number of offers for Thelm, Wilcer, and Aurin. We've somehow managed to get all the players involved in our schemes, except of course for Drakis, but he will be crushed by our deals with the others.”
Dester spoke into his camera. “Hey, not sure who's listening, but I was just thinking, I'm here on the bridge by myself. There's only a single guard on this ship. I could kick his ass and fly this thing away right now, if I knew how to fly it. I would suggest we be given pilot training at some point. I can work the maintenance on the environmental system, but I can't fly this bucket. Might come a time when that is needed.”
Bersa nodded. “Master Hallik, did you hear that?”
“I did. Excellent idea. Add it to your training regimen. The bridge on that shuttle is identical on all ships that size. Work up a mock-up on the station for our team to train on.”
“I hope you aren't contemplating kidnapping one of the masters.”
“I hadn't considered it, until now. I would only consider it useful if the individual set to inherit the wealth was an incompetent. Even though Thelm would qualify, his idiot son won't be inheriting, and Thelm is eager to do business with us. The daughter of Drakis fits that qualification. If Drakis turns out to be difficult to dislodge, I would not be averse to his termination.”
“This concerns me. Up until now we have stayed away from terminating innocents.”
Hallik laughed. “Innocents? All of these elites are guilty of the murder of Humans a thousand times over. I myself am guilty of that. Are you saying they should not be treated in the same manner we are treating Humans?”
“I guess I hadn't thought deeply on the matter. I suppose it is true they are in the way of our cause, and are as worthy as any other when it comes to termination. I may have to rethink a few of my processes for how we train.”
Hallik shook his head. “Not necessary. I don't want us charging down the path of terminating everyone in sight. It's a tool that should only be used if we run out of viable alternatives.”
“Understood.”
Hallik paced back and forth as he looked at his comm camera. “Now… I will not be heading that way, probably for the remainder of the games. Further deals are to be made and cemented, especially while here at the games where there are so many distractions. Everyone is in an exemplary mood. Sales pitches aren't being scrutinized. The honor code will dictate that deals made are honored.”
“Good luck to you, sir.”
“Keep my team alive, Bersa. We have much to still accomplish.”
A drunken elder Thelm was helped by his guards back to his chambers on the shuttle. Jamus and the others cleaned him up and put him to bed. A gentle knock on the door in the morning brought an elixir that would bring an end to any potential hangover. Thelm was awakened and made to down the tonic. Minutes later, he was standing in his shower pan, getting a thorough scrub-down.
A short walk had the fourth-in-line-for-governorship sitting in his private dining room, glancing out at the other guests coming and going from their shuttles on the tarmac. 
“Jamus, have you ever found people-watching to be enjoyable?”
“I've never had the opportunity to people-watch, Master.”
“Hmm. I find it interesting. Take that couple over there. Why would you bring one of your spouses to an event such as this?”
“Perhaps it's not a spouse?”
“You don't know your Brekans, Jamus. If you were implying a mistress, or mister if she is the controller, the Brekans only have an intimate relationship with spouses. For them, mistresses are taboo. Now take Masterette Wilcer, a Sevada, that would be a regular occurrence.”
“Perhaps this Brekan lost a wager?”
Thelm stopped and stared at the couple, before bursting into a laugh. “Bravo, Jamus. Bravo. A wager. Such a high-brow joke coming from a slave. A wager. Excellent. Unfortunately I cannot repeat this conversation with anyone. They wouldn't understand the relevance of it coming from a Human.”
Jamus pointed. “What of those two over there? Any interesting observations?”
“Only that their dress is drab. The one on the left... why would you be seen in public in that garb? This is a celebration. Dress for the occasion. Probably some low-life commoner.”
“Have you always been a master, Master?”
“Always. The Thelm line goes back for millennia. Did you know I own more than twelve million slaves?”
“Even though I am one of them, should I?”
Thelm returned to his plate, guiding various meats to his mouth. “No, I suppose you shouldn't know.”
“Do you have mines? Where are your slaves put to work?”
“Breeding farms mostly. The Thelms have been breeders of quality slaves for centuries. I do have mines. A few farms. And various manufacturing and other businesses. I hold a diverse portfolio. Why do you ask about mines?”
“I overheard Master Hallik discussing a mining deal with Governor Aurin. He mentioned a partner who had a marketing business. Would that be you?”
Thelm perked up. “Marketing? This was something Hallik was discussing with the governor?”
“I believe so.”
Thelm grinned. “This is marvelous. A possible partnership with the governor. I tell you, Jamus, this meeting up with Hallik has me buzzing with ideas and possibilities. I wonder how strong a partnership he would be interested in. If he is in the governor's pocket, that relationship alone could be quite lucrative.”
Martin slowly shook his head as he watched. “Jamus seems to have a talent for manipulating others. He's telling Thelm exactly what he wants to hear. Who wants to take a bet on how long before he butters him up with a complement, like it was all Thelm's idea?”
Bersa declined.
Jamus looked out the window with concern as a squad of ten Parisser guards marched toward the shuttle. “Master? Are you expecting a visit?”
Thelm looked out the window with a grin. “Perfect. My escort has arrived.”
“Escort?”
“Yes. On day two we honor our military by allowing them to bring us from one venue to the next. In return for their service, the guards get to watch the games from the best seats in every arena. It's a small token of our appreciation for their protecting the realm.”
“Protecting the realm? Are there enemies?”
“Yes. Don't repeat this, but there are is a faction of rogue Humans, very violent, and prone to conducting pirate raids on occasion. We believe they were a small group of the Human elites who were not rounded up when your species was first brought into our care. Our military is ceaselessly on the hunt for them. They aren't a threat. More of a nuisance. Should any of our admirals ever catch them and eliminate them, they would be rewarded with enough riches to make them a state governor.”
“Have they ever attacked colonies?”
Thelm chuckled. “Goodness no. And there's no reason for you to be frightened. They may not even exist anymore. They haven't been heard from in close to a century. I believe the last incident was an attack on a freighter in the Caloran system, far from our safe position here on Parisser. Or on Polous for that matter.”
“Is Caloran patrolled for these hooligans?”
“Yes. I believe a cruiser and two destroyers have been stationed near that system for decades. Apparently that strategy has worked, since there have been no further attacks.”
“I had no idea the galaxy was such a dangerous place for you, Master.”
Thelm again chuckled as he wiped his chin and lips with a napkin. “Dangerous? I hardly think so.” Thelm leaned in. “I'll tell you a secret, Jamus. This shuttle, it has armaments, and armor. We can take direct hits from the best weapons the rogues have, or had I guess would be better wording. Did you know our cannon could do damage to one of the destroyers guarding Caloran? Even the much heavier cruiser?”
“Our cannon?”
Thelm laughed. “My cannon, yes. When you reach as high as I have in the state hierarchy, you are given shuttle updates of a cannon and armor. They will never be used of course, but it does give you a sense of power and security.”
“You could fight a destroyer with this ship?”
“I could. Let's just say it's the politicians’ way of preventing a military coup. Not that there has ever been an inkling of evidence to support any notion of a coup.”
Thelm leaned in close again. “With this ship, we could defeat a cruiser, and possibly even one of the six battleships in the fleet. It really is a formidable craft.”
“I do feel safer knowing this.”
“Well, don't mention it to anyone. It is a closely guarded secret.”
“Who would I mention it to, Master? I speak with no one but you.”
Thelm stood and nodded. “True. You are an interesting Human, Jamus. Interesting indeed.”
“It is only your intelligent and sophisticated conversation that makes me so, Master. Anything interesting about me comes directly from you.”
Thelm tilted his head to one side. “Yes... I suppose it does.”
The master, dressed in his regalia for the games, walked out to join his military escort. Edible favors and beverages were dispersed to each of the guards by Kerena and the rest of the shuttle dining staff. The entourage marched off toward one of the half dozen arenas that would be visited that day. Jamus Turnbull walked five paces behind his master with his head bowed.
The results of the Ultimate Games were the same on the second day as they had been on the first: dead Humans—swim races with slaves who could not swim. A ten-meter-tall, meter-wide glass pipe was filled with water, then divers on a platform a hundred meters up were expected to “hit the tube.” Only one out of forty participants achieved the goal. The supposed winner was then left to drown.
The Ultimate Games had no merciful end for those who won or finished. All participants who survived were terminated. Human faces were expressionless, all zoned out on Smudge, leaving them compliant to do whatever was asked. 
Martin was so disturbed by some of the violent deaths that he had on more than one occasion picked up and smashed a chair. But he couldn't turn away. Every outrage only worked to solidify his resolve.
Jamus followed his master to a seemingly endless number of events. Death by fire. Death by hanging. Death by evisceration. Death by gravity. Death by pressure. 
Death by other Human hands was the most sickening. 
But the team continued on with its mission. On the final day of the games, it was decided that Dester, Kerena, and Jim would come home. Cameras had been smuggled aboard, making their tasks obsolete.
The shuttle crew, excluding a single guard, had departed for a nearby arena.
Jamus walked behind Thelm. “It has been a good ten days, Master.”
“Monstrously good, Jamus. I don't remember any prior game being so eventful, nor profitable. Your suggestions for wagers have been marvelous.”
“Inspired by the genius I see before me every day.”
“Yes, well, profitable. I almost feel as though I should do something for you.”
“You don't owe me anything, Master. You own me. Anything I say is because I'm allowed to follow you in all your intellect and glory. I'm grateful to have a master of such means.”
“You think I'm better than Master Hox?”
“Master Hox was fair and a good master. You are a business genius, a man of action. I could not be owned by a finer individual.”
“Hmm. Yes. I suppose I am those things.”
The group walked into an arena where the floor was being readied for a new set of games. A circular track had been set up for a footrace. Obstacles would see to it the eight Humans of each race would have a difficult time finishing. The first was a ladder climb followed by a drop through a chute. Seven lucky runners would find an end in a pit filled with soft materials. One unlucky runner would find a pit filled with spikes, spears, axes, and a variety of other sharp implements.
The next obstacle was a set of blind tunnels where a giant bladed pendulum swung past the exits. All runners could live, some could live, or all could be killed, depending on the timing as they ran through. Another half-dozen deadly traps awaited any survivors. The winner was said to be the last runner terminated. The races, run one after another, went on for two hours.
Jamus walked behind Thelm as they made their way to the next arena. “Master, would it not be more sporting to allow the last runner to participate in the next run? As a sort of prize? Any way to suggest such?”
“Prize?” Thelm laughed. “These are slaves. There are no prizes for slaves. What would they do with a prize? Whatever they were told to do, that's what. You don't reward a slave for doing as it is commanded. That's ludicrous. Jamus, none of this is for sport. It's for fun and wagering. Besides, to put in a request like that for changes to games hosted by another master is just insulting.”
“I apologize, Master. Again you kindly offer your wisdom to correct me.”
As Thelm, his slave, and his two guards entered the next arena, Hallik was waiting for them. “Master Thelm, such a pleasure to see you. Will you be wagering on the combat today?”
“Most certainly. Have you given any study to the teams or to the play?”
“Only minimally.”
“Please, join us in my box. I've studied the combat scenarios extensively. Perhaps I can assist with your wagering?”
“A kind and generous offer. I accept.”

Chapter   20
_______________________

The two masters talked as they made their way to the box seating that overlooked the center of the arena. The final day would consist of a Human escapee, given a shock-blaster for defense, fighting two autonomous bots. The arena floor was covered with blocks, cubby-holes, short tunnels, pits and posts.
The bots were two-and-a-half-meters tall. Four long flexible arms, and four similar legs, propelled a motorized torso. Topped with a computerized brain and a single machine-vision eye, the bots carried a shock-tip on the end of each arm.
The slegg's shock-blaster fired a bolt of energy that would travel no more than a few meters before veering off in whatever direction the charged currents in the air took it, typically down to ground. If a combat bot was struck with a bolt, it would stop and remain disabled for a full minute before rejoining the fight.
A hardened battlesuit offered modest protection from a physical assault by the bots. Infrared goggles on helmets would come into play when the lights in the arena were shut off. Spectators watched through their own goggles.
Once shocked, a Human would be dragged to the center of the arena field, where they’d be chained to a post. A new participant would then be shoved into the field of play. When five Humans had been collected, the audience voted on their demise. It was again a scenario in which there could be no winning. Wagering was placed on how long the participants would last before being officially captured.
The first combatant, a Human female, was shoved into the arena. She ran for a set of blocks and hid. Seconds later, the two autonomous bots appeared and got to work. Blocks were peeked behind, tunnels checked, and pits scanned. The female, following the advice of her trainer, held her position.
Thelm said, “She's following direction. I would give her at least three minutes. It will take at least one minute for the bots to reach her location. I predict she stuns them each once and then flees to the other end of the arena. I would say she goes for the red section. The bots will need another minute to track her there, followed by one being stunned and the second catching her.”
Hallik asked, “How do you know this?”
“I've seen the same scenario play out time and time again. I often think the games would be more exciting if I didn't know.”
Hallik watched as the girl turned from side to side, waiting for an attacker from one direction or the other. “Master Thelm? Why is she so jumpy like that? Seems unusual.”
“The final-day combat arena is the only time Humans are allowed to be without their Shackle.”
“What? That's an aware, violent Human?”
“Don't worry. The bolt of her weapon cannot reach beyond the arena walls. And those same walls are too high for her to climb. Her being made aware is the only reason any of these slaves make it past a minute. They have full capacity of their survival instincts.”
“How is it possible for them to not be on the Smudge?”
“I'm told an injection is given that temporarily frees them from an addiction.”
Hallik leaned back as he entered a wager for greater than five minutes.
Thelm frowned. “Three minutes would have paid while not putting your credits at such risk.”
“I'm betting on her alertness.”
“The slaves in this game are all alert. Lasting more than a single set of stuns is rare.”
“I've made my wager. If my hunch proves invalid, I'll follow your direction until I've won back my credits.”
Thelm pursed his lips. “I see. I hope such fast and loose play is not your standard business practice as well.”
Hallik chuckled. “No, no. With business I am all business. This is entertainment.”
“Precisely.”
The first encounter went as Thelm had expected. A step to her right placed a bolt center-mass of the first bot. A spin and a shot as she fell back saw a similar strike on bot two. Again, as predicted, the female hustled to the far corner to a sector colored with red paint, taking refuge behind a set of blocks.
Thelm smiled. “She will stun the first to reach her, but take a shock to the back as she attempts to flee. I've seen this play out a hundred times from that position. Had she gone for the green section and the tunnels she might have made your five.”
Hallik rubbed his chin as the two bots came back to life, restarting their search. The target of their programming stood and sprinted to the near corner, taking refuge in a tunnel in the green sector.
Thelm turned. “Bravo, Hallik. You will be paid handsomely for your risk. I believe that to be only the second time I have witnessed a change in position after the bots have come back to life.”
Hallik typed away on a keyboard and console to his side.
“What are you doing? Another wager?”
“I'm taking half my winnings and placing them on the seven minute mark. I have faith this Human is going to reward me with a double win.”
“Aren't you the gambler? Aggressive. Can pay big, but generally doesn't pay off in the end. Slow and steady is the wagering game I play.”
As the bots caught up to their prey, they were both again stunned. The girl, however, lost her balance as she attempted to run past. A stumble sent her falling headlong into a block, losing several seconds on the ground in pain and confusion. As she stood to run, the bots again came to life, each tracking her as she ran.
The girl took position in a cubby-hole in the blue sector. The lights in the arena dimmed rapidly before shutting off. Infrared goggles were donned in the stands and the bots hurried their way toward her position. Knowing she had been seen, she darted across to the yellow sector, huddling up to a set of blocks. The bots closed on her location.
Thelm clapped. “Six minutes. Well done, Hallik, although this final minute still has to be passed.”
Hallik said, “Something isn't right. They're going directly for her.”
“Yes, the infrared detectors of the bots are quite sensitive. They are likely zeroing in on her rising body heat.”
“Well, that isn't very fair.”
Thelm chuckled. “Fair? None of this is intended to be fair. It's wagering, and the house always wins. As does Master Thelm. You weren't meaning fair to the Humans, were you?”
“The Humans? Don't be silly. I'll probably lose more with this second wager than the cost of all the Humans terminated in this arena today.”
The bots found the girl. The first was stunned as it came around an end of the blocks. The second came over the top, catching her by surprise and shocking her into submission.
Thelm sighed. “So close, Master Hallik. Six minutes forty seconds.”
“It seems you know your combat games, Master Thelm. How many slaves do you think will be sacrificed today?”
“Out of curiosity, I actually ran the numbers on that. In the games of the arena, last season, each day averaged about five thousand slaves. Given the going rate of twenty-five credits for the average slave, and seeing as how many of those used in those games are already elderly or damaged, I'd place the cost in the neighborhood of a hundred thousand credits per day.”
“I heard this season was supposed to be close to double that.”
“It is the ten-thousandth running. The operators will have made their slave expenditures back on wagering after a few hours on the first day.”
Hallik looked back down at the floor as the lights came up and the girl was chained to a post. “I thought she had at least one more round in her. She seemed to be with it.”
Thelm glanced back. “I wonder how Jamus would fare down there?”
“I will go if you ask, Master.”
Hallik furrowed his brow. “Your slave speaks to you?”
“Yes. And I find it a delightful change. He is adept at carrying on a basic conversation, something no former chamber slave has seemed capable of. He claims he learned it from his former master. I only reveal this to you, Master Hallik, because we have become such close friends so quickly. You seem to be one of the rare few who want happiness for everyone and not only yourself. A rare trait indeed.”
“I like being around happy people, Thelm. Seems like that benefits me. Would you send your slave down there? It might be entertaining knowing who the combatant is.”
“For any other of my slaves, yes I would. Jamus is unusual. His value stretches beyond five minutes of entertainment value in the arena. He will be staying right here.”
Martin scowled. “Is he trying to get Jamus killed?”
“I think not,” replied Bersa. “He's merely reinforcing the notion that he is not a Human favorer. It works to his advantage should that accusation ever arise.”
“I don't like it.”
“As is expected. All I ask is that you please not destroy any more of our furniture. It does not further our cause.”
Tamia smiled. “It does help relieve the stress though, doesn't it?”
Martin nodded. “It does.”
Hallik reclined in his chair as he sipped a beverage. “Master Thelm, I am so thankful we met. I know this isn't the place to discuss business, but I'd like to say that our new ventures are exciting. I've already begun replanting for the farms. Oh, and I've been meaning to tell you about another possible venture. This one with Master Aurin. I'm looking to open a diamond mine, and as a favor to Master Aurin, I'm willing to sink some advertising dollars into a campaign with your media businesses.”
“Master Aurin?”
“Yes. I'm looking to start a trend in diamond jewelry. Something spectacular, something that really pushes demand for his product.”
“And how does this help you with your mine?”
“It doesn't, not directly. I have plans for other markets, but I need Master Aurin's expertise to make the production worthwhile. I'm not planning to sell them here where I would be in competition.”
“I see. So you would be the purchaser of this campaign?”
“I would. And if successful, your name will be all over what Master Aurin sees as results. This could win you lucrative contracts with him for any other trends he may want to push.”
“Direct dealings with the governor. I like the sound of that. This week just continues to get better, Master Hallik. I too am thankful we met.”
Forty Humans made their runs across the arena floor over the next three and a half hours. Most were captured in under a minute. One managed to stretch their freedom out to nine. All were terminated by audience selection. Jamus struggled to control his own inner rage as he sat looking at the back of Thelm's head. Hallik repeatedly glanced back with a head shake that said “no.”
After a festive lunch, Hallik was invited to follow Thelm to the next arena. He declined, instead heading to his shuttle to move on to other business.
Thelm glanced back. “Well, come on, Jamus. Don't fall behind. We are already late for the sea battles.”
“Sea battles, Master?”
“Yes. The arena has been flooded. Two wooden sailing ships, with twenty slave combatants each, will fight it out on the high seas.”
“The high seas, Master?”
“Yes. The water. Has your comprehension suddenly been lost, Jamus?”
“No, Master. Master Hox never attended a sea battle during my years with him.”
“Not one? How revolting. Everyone should experience the grandeur of a good sea battle.”
“What makes them grand?”
“When a ship is overrun, it is set ablaze and pushed to the side. A new ship with a fresh crew is then released. I've seen as many as eight ships ablaze at once. Spectacular. And the ferocity with which the crews fight… I have to believe they've been told they won't be receiving their Shackle until such time as they've defeated the other crews. While certainly not aware like the combatants of this morning, they are determined to get their due.”
“And do they get their due, Master?”
Thelm chuckled. “Oh they get it all right. The victors receive termination by being hanged from the yardarms and quartered. I believe I saw where it was something the early creators of the games enjoyed reading from Human history. Always popular with the Sevada I'm told, as their homeworld is 85 percent water.”
“It sounds like fun, Master.”
Thelm smirked. “Fun for us, yes. Anything but fun for those crews. And I'm feeling particularly jovial this afternoon, Jamus. I may let you pick the first ship for a wager.”
“You are most generous, Master.”
“Yes. Yes I am.”
The first two ships collided as they came alongside one another. Several occupants fell to the water where they immediately sank and drowned in their heavy armor. The others, wielding swords and axes, attacked across the rails onto the opposing ship. Five minutes of fighting saw the first crew overwhelmed and terminated.
The winning crew, having lost eight of their own, were resupplied from below decks. The losing ship was pushed aside and set afire, its canvas sails, ropes, and yardarms burning brightly. The deck and masts, having been soaked in flammable oil, followed quickly behind.
The new ship then rammed the old as it came alongside, the sea battle once again taking center arena. The ship Jamus had selected managed two victories before going up in flames in a spectacular defeat. Thelm was thrilled as his bet had come out as even-money. The battles raged until ten ships and their crews had been destroyed. As expected, the winning crew was hung from the yardarms and then quartered by guests from the crowd, who had won the honor in a lottery.
Thelm and Jamus headed back to the shuttle, where Thelm moved to his private dining room, and Jamus was dismissed to prepare his master's chambers. On the way, Jamus passed the cameras to Jim with instructions to place them and to later lead the others off the ship. Other than the guard that remained, along with Thelm's two personal guards, the shuttle was empty of crew.
Jim, Dester, and Kerena slipped away on schedule as Jamus and the other chamber attendants bathed Thelm and readied him for the closing ceremonies. A new elitist outfit was selected and put upon their master. Shoes were added and buffed to a high reflection, followed by the mounting of a traditional closing ceremony wig.
Master Thelm's wig, nearly a meter high and consisting of bright blue locks of Talion hair, was held in place by a neck frame and chest strap under his clothes. In order to leave the ship, he was forced to squat going through the doorways.
As he walked down the ramp with Jamus just behind, a guard asked for his attention, “Master, we have a problem.”
Thelm sighed and gave him an agitated look. “What is it? Can't you see I'm busy?”
“I'm sorry, Master. It's just that three slaves are missing.”
“Missing? How is that possible?”
“I don't know, sir. We haven't been—”
Thelm waved his hands in disgust. “Do your job, Bomrun. I expect this to be resolved before I return. You had better not ruin my evening.”
“Yes, Master. We will find them.”
Following another deep sigh, Thelm turned toward the closing ceremony arena. “Come, Jamus. We can't be late.”
The team, excluding Jamus, returned to the station. Thelm's guards were fired and a new staff brought in after it leaked out that three Humans had mysteriously gone missing from a master's shuttle.
Thelm was in a new morning rage. “Incompetence. It has cost me reputation. I'm the laughing stock of the other masters.”
Jamus replied, “I don't know what to say, Master. Where could they have gone?”
“Stolen, that's where they went. The imperial authorities have been notified and asked to investigate. Slave theft is a capital offense.”
“Of what value are they over any other slave?”
“They are trained. And trained well. I paid upwards of two hundred credits for each at auction. Someone owes me that money.”
“I hate to see you start the day in a bad mood, Master. Is there anything I can do?”
“No. No, Jamus. You just keep performing as you are. I'll get over this.”
“You are both wise and emotionally stable, Master. If anyone can weather this, it is you.”
“Yes. I suppose that is true. Read off my schedule to me, Jamus. What do I have to take my mind off this today?”
“You're meeting with your fifth wife, Mooda, in two hours. You have three hours with her. Then we travel to your media company on Tallis IV.”
Thelm rolled his eyes. “Uh. Mooda. I don't want to be in a bad mood for Mooda. I’d never hear the end of it.”
Jamus let out a single smirk.
“What? What's funny?”
“Mood for Mooda, Master. Clever.”
“Yes. I suppose that was particularly clever, wasn't it? Thank you, Jamus. You've somehow managed to cheer me up.”
“Master Hox used to say, ‘No new day alive is a bad day.’”
“Hmm, I should have liked to have met your Master Hox. But please, I grow tired of the mention of his name. Let it be said no more.”
“As you ask, Master.”

Chapter   21
_______________________

Back at the station, the pilot training was getting underway. A new instructor, a Talion, was brought in.
“This is preposterous! Humans can't learn such things! They don't have the capacity. A ship requires continuous monitoring with split-second decision making. People’s lives are at stake. No sensible person is going to allow slaves to pilot their ship.”
Bersa stepped forward with a shock stick. “I can assure you these students are prepared and fully capable of learning. Now let's get on with the lessons you were contracted for.”
The Talion crossed his arms and sat in a chair. “No. I refuse. Teaching Humans how to fly is a violation of the laws of the empire.”
Bersa nodded. “It is. And so is terminating citizens. We are more than willing to break the one law. Will you force us to break the other?”
The Talion sat defiant. A half-dozen shocks didn't change his mind.
Martin walked up, lifted the alien over his head, and slammed him to the ground. The instructor looked up at him with an expression of pain and disbelief.
“I can do this all day you know,” said Martin. “And I kind of like it. So you either get up and teach us what we want to know, or I slam you down until there's nothing left of you but a bag of skin filled with guts and broken bones.”
The stunned instructor waved his hand. “I—uh, OK. Please, no more.”
The Talion was picked up by the collar and stuffed into the chair. Martin returned to his own seat.
Bersa sighed. “You will teach us all you know, or I will let the big Human have his way.”
“You are going to kill me either way, so why should I tell you anything?”
“Because during the lessons you will be alive and treated well. Should the lessons prove worthwhile, we may have other uses for you where you are again kept alive and treated well. It would seem a clear choice is available to you. Assist us, or die a painful death. The choice can only be yours.”
The Talion was silent for several seconds before a tear rolled down his face. “I cannot turn on my own people.”
Martin stood.
Bersa held up a hand. “Be seated, Mr. Gecka. I will handle this.”
The Talion was led out of the room sobbing.
Jim slowly shook his head. “Are we becoming them?”
Dester scoffed. “How can you say that when they are killing thousands of Humans per day just for entertainment. That's THOUSANDS per day. Tortured and killed.”
Jim sat.
Bersa returned. “I have a new instructor on the way. A Sevada. They tend to be a lot less loyal to everyone, only watching out for themselves. She should be here in fifteen minutes.”
“How so fast?” asked Tamia.
“Planning. I felt there was a high likelihood that our prior friend would balk at teaching us, even if it meant losing his life. Should this next instructor fail, I will have another here fifteen minutes after. Master Hallik has deemed this project a high priority.”
The Sevada was brought in. Without a single shock being administered, the display filled with images of different types of ships. After flipping past several, she stopped on the shuttle being flown by Hallik and the other masters.
“This is an imperial-class shuttle. I don't have the specifics, but it is rumored to be heavily armed and armored. And I don't have the specifications of this ship available to me to show, but I do know it uses the standard nav system, the same wormhole generator, the same power systems... essentially the guts are the same across all shuttles. So we'll be learning about the systems I know.”
The lessons began with the ship's power and quickly moved through environmental, maintenance, housing, cargo areas, docking ports, and virtually every other system available to the occupants. Three days of explaining systems ended in the pilot-house.
“The standard shuttle has a bridge capable of holding a crew of up to four. Most shuttles have a pilot and nav officer, and sometimes a reserve officer who is capable of operating both the flight and the nav stations. It's rumored the imperial shuttles have the pilot, the nav, and two reserve officers. The bridge is capable of having all four, so I don't know why you wouldn't find all four on an imperial shuttle.”
The flight controls were gone over in detail, consuming another two days of instruction. Mock simulators were set up on consoles elsewhere on the station and the students were sent off to practice on their own. After a day of self-learning, they were brought back into the classroom for testing. All passed with exceptional scores.
The Sevada was elated with her skilled instruction, but at the same time dismayed it was Humans doing the learning. The nav system took another four days, culminating in another test, which each of the Humans passed.
Bersa paced back and forth in front of the others. “You have shown your commitment to this project, and I've been told to reward you with actual flying hours. Master Hallik will be here this afternoon and you will each be given twenty minutes to command his ship. Your test flight will include setting nav waypoints, traveling through a wormhole, and performing tight maneuvers around a set of asteroids. That will be in three hours. Until that time, you are on free time in the lounge.”
The Sevada, named Turly, sat with the others. “May I ask for what purpose you are training?”
“To take over the empire,” said Dester. “After that, we'll be setting up a variety of games for entertainment where aliens such as you are hunted down and killed. All for fun of course.”
Turly's eyes grew wide.
Bersa sighed. “Our goal is to elevate Master Hallik to the position of emperor. From there he can declare slavery illegal. All Humans will be freed, and as an empire we can get back to achieving great things through the study of science and the advent of new technologies. New planets will be explored and settled, expanding our reach beyond the current colonies.”
“Who will grow the food or tend the flocks?”
“We used to do those things.”
Bersa began to discuss the true history of the empire. Humans were responsible for everything the current citizens possessed. Humans could continue to elevate the others just as they had before. It would begin as an empire run by a Brekan with a vision of equality for all six sentient species. The madness of the games would be brought to an end.
“And how does knowing how to pilot a shuttle further these goals?”
“Piloting is only one small eventuality that will have to come to pass. We will have to fly to the different colonies once the true revolution gets underway. We don't believe a simple declaration by a new emperor will bring an end to slavery. Any such declaration will have to be backed up with power. Power in the empire is warships.”
Dester asked, “You ever been to one of the hunts?”
“I have. Many times.”
“You ever participate?”
“In my younger years, yes.”
“And the things you were doing didn't bother you?”
“I was not a fan of them, more ambivalent than anything. Slaves are a commodity in the empire. Similar to livestock, not even as elevated in status as a pet. People revere their pets. I don't know of anyone who revere their Humans. You don't offer us love or companionship. And you often smell.”
Dester stared for several seconds. “You at least seem to be honest.”
Bersa replied, “She's ambivalent. She doesn't care one way or the other. It's a common trait of the Sevada, and why she was selected for this instruction.”
The group turned their attention to a monitor displaying the video feed being transmitted by Jamus Turnbull. He was following behind Thelm as they walked their way into the lobby of a media business he owned.
An associate came out to greet him. “Master, welcome to New Media Service Posts. I am Ghossum. Please follow me to the executive office. Master Pwesen is waiting for you.”
“Thank you, Ghossum. I don't need guidance. I know where the office is.”
“Should I watch your slave for you?”
Thelm looked the associate up and down. “No. I don't find you to be qualified to watch over him. He stays with me.”
“Master Pwesen does not allow Humans in his office.”
Thelm stopped. “My office.”
“Yes, Master. Master Pwesen does not allow Humans in your office.”
“How long have you worked in this position? For my company?”
“I have been an eager and hard-working employee for fifteen years, Master.”
“And what is the position beneath the one you have?”
“Second class greeter. I am first class.”
“You are too dumb to be first class. Report to your manager and tell them of your demotion. Jamus, come. We have a meeting with Master Pwesen.”
Tamia said, “Thelm is kind of harsh.”
Dester smirked. “He likes his smart Human. I would have a hard time playing the role as well as Jamus has. I'd be seeing how far I could push him. Probably would have gotten myself terminated by now.”
Thelm walked into Master Pwesen’s office, to be met with a look of disdain for the Human, and a tepid greeting. “Master Thelm…”
“Yes. Have you had the opportunity to look over the campaign for a new line of cigarettes?”
“I have. And I have to ask why we are going up against Master Drakis. Is he not the tobacco king in Betuaon?”
“He is, which is precisely why we are going after this business with a new line. I believe there are profits to be made, and I would like to be making those profits. Is the campaign ready to be run? I would like to know we are on top of this and ready to launch when the time comes. I want to flood the broadcasts with this new, fun, light cigarette. I want a campaign that is targeted at the youthful smokers. Something that will create buzz and a trend.”
Pwesen nodded. “I will re-emphasize those aspects.”
The meeting went on for another twenty minutes before Thelm left the room. “Jamus, what did you think of Master Pwesen's effort?”
“He seemed reluctant to embrace your supreme idea, Master. Ho—my former master had a similar issue. The employee was secretly working for a competitor.”
“A competitor? Pwesen? He's been with me for more than twenty years.”
“Would knowledge of this effort be something Master Drakis would pay well for?”
“Drakis? Are you talking corporate espionage?”
“He seemed reluctant to embrace your idea, something you yourself consider genius. Does he not work for you? Why would he not fully embrace a direct order?”
Thelm opened a comm. “My security officer please.”
A voice came over the comm. “Master, how may I assist you?”
“I want an investigation into Master Pwesen. I want to know if he has had any contact with Master Drakis or any Drakis employees any time in the last year. Check all his communication records. I want a full accounting of his attendances at the Ultimate Games. Where did he go? Who did he see?”
Jamus followed up the shuttle ramp. “A wise investigation, Master. Such a turncoat could completely derail your initiative, undoing all the hard work and planning you have put into this project.”
Bersa shook her head. “He goes too far too often. Master Thelm is certain to recognize his un-Human thoughts and actions. I may have to talk with Master Hallik about pulling him out of there. He's becoming too familiar.”
Thelm stopped and smiled. “You show more intellect than some of my advisers, Jamus. All I ask is that you be careful when others are present. I don't want one of my competitors snatching you away.”
“I belong to you, Master. No one else.”
“Yes. But as you recall, I had three other slaves stolen from right under my nose. I don't want to give anyone incentive to do the same with you.”
Jamus asked, “Have the detectives made any progress on the missing slave case, Master?”
“Nothing but dead ends. It seems the auction house where they were purchased is even missing records. It's as if the three of them never existed.”
“Scary thoughts, Master.”
Thelm chuckled. “You have nothing to worry about, Jamus. The new guard crew is keeping a tight watch here on the shuttle.”
As the free time was ending, Hallik landed in his shuttle. Soon he was standing in the lounge.
Bersa rose. “Master.”
“I have good news. I've managed to get Mr. Marr, Mr. Gecka, and Ms. Brown staff positions on the Drakis shuttle. You will be leaving with me shortly.”
Dester asked, “What of our flight training?”
Hallik gestured toward the shuttle. “Bersa, Turly, please escort Mr. Marr, Mr. Gecka, and Ms. Brown. The five of you will have complete run of the ship for the next three hours. Take them through the paces, Bersa. And Turly, provide every bit of professional advice you can manage as they fly through the patterns that have been arranged for them. I expect good reports upon their return.”
Hallik turned. “Ms. Bachran and Mr. Wazny, that makes you our watchers. Keep an eye on Mr. Turnbull, should he be in need of any assistance.”
A comm was opened. “Mr. Pike, please come up to the lounge. I would like your assistance for the next hour or two.”
“I'll be right there.”
Hallik glanced up at a monitor that displayed a view of Master Thelm's chambers. “I can only say that Mr. Turnbull's accomplishments have been stellar. In three months we will be overtaking Drakis and well on the way to pushing Wilcer to the side. I'm thinking we take Thelm up the ladder with us. He will be easily manipulated, especially if his wealth climbs with us. We'll use him as the battering ram to push the others out of the way.”
Jim asked, “You really think we are that close to Drakis?”
“With the tobacco initiative, we will take a significant part of his business. Even if only 10 percent, he will have extreme pricing pressure on his products as we attempt to flood the market. We don't need to make a profit if we are negating his. And with this crew moving over to his shuttle tomorrow, I have no doubt his other businesses will fair just as poorly. In the end, he may take a farther plunge than Snooka.”
Kerena asked, “When will Jim and me get to fly the shuttle?”
“I'll return after tomorrow's delivery. We should have most of the day available for practice.”
Three hours later, the Greft landed in the bay and the new pilots came back to the lounge.
Bersa was all smiles. “Each performed above expectations. Every turn was precise, landings were swift but soft, and wormhole jumps were concise. I believe these three to be fully capable of piloting a shuttle on their own.”
Hallik nodded. “Excellent. Now we go invade the shuttle of Master Drakis.”
Kerena and Jim were sitting by themselves in the lounge. Earlier in the day, their flight training had gone as well as could be expected. Again, the Human students showed their learning abilities and decision-making to be exceptional.
On the Thelm shuttle, word had come in that indeed, Master Pwesen was found to have been collaborating with their competitor, Drakis. The evidence was taken to the business court, a rare occurrence, where Pwesen was convicted, stripped of all wealth, and summarily fired. Given the judgment against him, he would have difficulty finding meaningful employment.
Drakis was also found to be collusive, another rare occurrence. The master third-in-line for governorship was fined a million credits and ordered to not interfere with any business of the House of Thelm for a period of two standard years. His hands were tied and Thelm was now free to push the new cigarette products as hard and as far as he desired.
Drakis returned to his shuttle in a rage. As seen on hidden cameras, his guards were shoved aside as he stormed aboard, stomping into a conference room, where his second in command was seated. Dester Marr was busy polishing the floors.
“How is it possible they knew about this? Find where Pwesen is and bring him to me. And find out why governor Aurin has it in for me. I have done nothing to offend him and am in no way competing with his businesses. There must be a connection here we are missing. Sniff around. Find out who he has been meeting with. We are now at risk of losing our position to that backstabber Thelm.”
“I will do my best, Master.”
“And whatever you do, do it discreetly. I can't afford the governor having reason to punish me further. Find a way to take this action through third parties, where no connection can be made back to us.”

Chapter   22
_______________________

Bersa grinned as she watched on Dester's video feed. “Yes! We have him! His conspiracies will be revealed to the governor himself. Drakis will take as hard a fall as any third-master has taken in five millennia! This is fantastic!”
A comm came in from Hallik. “Superb. Make certain as much evidence as possible is captured. When this is delivered to the governor, Drakis will be finished.”
Bersa nodded. “And we will be perfectly positioned to take over as the new tobacco king of Betuaon. This could not have worked out better for us.”
Drakis growled as he flung open the door and stomped into the hall. Martin stood at the other end, door valet to his private chambers. A Human slave was standing in Drakis’ way, holding a tray containing a beverage. She was pushed hard into a wall as he passed. Martin restrained his desire to charge forward as the master approached, and opened the door to his chambers.
Drakis yelled, “Ready my bath and my dinner garb! I will be dining in this evening.”
Martin stepped inside and the door was gently closed. Yelling could be heard over the video feed during the fifteen minutes that followed. When Drakis emerged, he moved down the hall, mumbling to himself about his turn of bad luck.
Tamia delivered his meal and then stood to the side, waiting for any further requests.
Drakis looked up. “You. I don't recognize you. Who are you? How did you get here?”
Tamia held her tongue.
Drakis signaled his second. “Jumal, get in here.”
Seconds later, the door to the private dining room opened. “Master?”
“Who is this slave? Why do I not recognize her?”
“She is new to the staff this week. We have three new members, Master. This one, your door valet, and a floor maintenance worker. They all come highly recommended from the auction.”
Drakis stopped. “Wait, what happened to the other crew members?”
“They went missing.”
“Missing? Where were my guards?”
“At their posts. Logs confirm it.”
“Why wasn't I immediately told of this?”
“You were busy with the court, Master. I thought it best you not be disturbed with such trivial matters.”
Drakis let out a long slow sigh. “It was Thelm. Thelm took them. Somehow he used them in this whole conspiracy against me.”
“Master Thelm had three slaves stolen from his shuttle right as the games came to an end.”
“What?”
“I thought it to be the type of gossip you do not wish to hear, Master.”
“Hmm. Was this incident, our incident, reported?”
“Yes, Master. The same investigators are looking into both this and the Thelm theft.”
“How long had those slaves been on this ship?”
“Eight standard years, Master. When you inherited this ship from your mother, you sold off her crew to bring in your own.”
“So they overheard everything said on this ship for the last eight years. And now Thelm knows everything that was said here. I want you to round up all the slaves and have their ears punctured.”
Dester stopped his polishing.
Jumal raised an eyebrow. “Master, if we do that, we won't be able to command them. They will be useless. I would suggest we instead double our door guard. If no one can be taken from the ship, it doesn't matter what they overhear. We need slaves who can obey commands, Master.”
Drakis huffed. “Always a complication. Very well. Bring on a new guard.”
Dester continued with his polishing work.
Drakis looked down at the slave with disgust. “You there, slave. Do you understand what we're talking about?”
Dester slowly looked up with his best cross-eyed expression and half smile.
Drakis scowled. “Idiots. How Thelm would extract information from that moron I don't know.”
Kerena chuckled. “He does that so well. He couldn't make himself look any dumber.”
Bersa nodded. “It appears to be a gift.”
Drakis finished his meal and made his way to the bridge, where he slapped several Talion crewmen on the backs of their heads for responding too slowly to his commands. The shuttle then lifted off, leaving the Yore colony, the home colony of Governor Aurin, where the court proceedings had been held.
As it raced up through the sky, Drakis made his way back to his chamber. This time the big Human was noticed and was shoved to the side as the master came through the door. Martin held in his anger as he gently closed the door with a half smile, half scowl.
Drakis stopped and turned. “Did you make a face at me?”
Martin continued to look at the floor.
Drakis stepped up in front of him, staring upward into his face. “Do you disapprove of me being an owner? You ignorant Human!”
Martin held his own, expressionless and motionless.
A hard slap followed. “You are my property. Why was such a big Human made my valet? You can hardly get out of my way when opening the door. What idiot authorized your purchase?”
Another hard slap followed. Martin's forehead began to wrinkle and turn red as his blood began to boil.
“We have a problem here,” said Kerena.
Bersa shook her head. “We must remain calm. He's been through the training.”
Kerena looked around at the classroom. “He likes to throw things. Drakis might be next if he keeps pushing it. We should get an extraction team ready to move in there if it gets out of hand.”
Hallik opened a comm. “Please tell me Mr. Gecka can contain himself. We have Drakis exactly where we want him.”
Bersa replied, “His training should hold him.”
Another strong slap followed. Martin's face continued to redden.
Kerena said, “He's about to lose it. Get that extraction team moving.”
“We can't extract while they are in transit. This will have to be settled when they arrive at Wathrin. I have a team shadowing them, so if needed an extraction is only minutes away.”
Drakis stared into the now bloodshot eyes of the monstrous Human standing before him. “Are you angry? Do you want to punch me?”
Another strong slap followed.
Kerena frowned. “Here goes.”
Martin shook as his face turned from red to blue. Seconds later, a stream of tears rolled down his face; he dropped to his knees and began to wail.
Kerena stood.
Drakis rolled his eyes as he turned away. “Humans. How is it possible you ever ruled this empire? You are all weak and scared. I will not have a crying valet. You will be replaced tomorrow. You, slave, get over here with a towel. Clean my hand. I can't believe I lowered myself to touch that disgusting oaf.”
Kerena said, “I can't believe he pulled that off. I was sure he was gonna blow.”
Bersa smiled. “As I said, he has been trained. And trained by the best, I might add.”
Hallik gave a nod. “Well done, Bersa.” The comm closed.
As the chamber slave cleaned his master's hand, an uncontrolled sneeze sent a spray onto Drakis' arm.
The Brekan master stared at the slave with the rage he had shown when he had earlier come aboard the shuttle. He slapped the much-smaller slave, knocking him to the ground. He then reached to his side, picking up a gold statue, swinging it with fury and indignation. The slave was struck in the temple, killing him instantly.
As the statue was set back on its base with a scowl, Drakis turned to see Martin Gecka standing over him. “What are you looking at?”
Martin replied, “A piece of bad wall art.”
The small but heavy Brekan was lifted from his feet. A grunt and two hard steps forward had the master slammed into the wall at a meter-and-a-half up from the floor. The wall caved to an indentation, leaving a stunned Drakis gasping for air. Seconds passed before he fell, flopping with a heavy thud as he impacted the floor.
Martin reached down and snatched his comm bracelet from his arm. “You wait right here.”
Kerena winced. “I knew he was gonna snap.”
Bersa sighed. “Extraction team has been notified.”
Martin walked to the door, whipping it open, walking quickly toward the guard, who would normally stand at the ramp when the ship was on the ground. A hard punch sent the much smaller Talion slumping to the floor. His body was dragged back to the chamber where Drakis lay face down and in severe pain. 
“You, slave, come with me.”
The slave followed.
Dester was collected from the conference room. “What's happening?”
“We're taking over this shuttle.”
Dester grinned. “Perfect!”
The second and third guards were found sitting in a crew breakroom. Three hard punches by Martin dropped them to the floor. Dester and the slave dragged the bodies back to the master's chambers, where Drakis was still lying on the floor and moaning. Weapons from the three guards were collected. Tamia was located and was soon following Martin to the bridge.
The pilot, navigator, and reserve officer all turned to look at the grinning Martin Gecka at the same time.
“Your master needs you in his chambers.”
“We're about to jump.”
Tamia stepped forward. “I'll see to that. You're wanted in back.”
The three Talions looked at each other with confused expressions. Martin stepped forward, jerking the navigator from his seat by the neck and shoving him to the floor toward the door. The other two stood, helping their friend to his feet before exiting the room.
Martin looked back. “You have this?”
Tamia smiled. “I'll jump us to a neutral location until we can clear off any tracking beacons.”
“If you need anything, I'll be rounding up the rest of the crew.”
Four crewmen and two additional guards were found in their quarters as they slept. They stumbled and fell over one another as Martin shoved them through the door into the master's chambers.
Dester grinned. “Our first ship capture. I wonder if they're all this easy?”
“We have to locate and disable the beacons.”
Dester nodded as he handed a blaster pistol to Martin. “Let me deal with those. I know right where they are. Won't take but five minutes.”
Dester hurried off.
Martin grabbed the pilot by the collar. “Pick up your master. Put him on the bed. The rest of you join him there.”
The nav officer asked, “What's happening? What is this?”
Martin chuckled. “This is the end. Humans are taking over. You'll all soon be working in the mines.”
“What? That's not possible. Our military will stop this.”
“Your military is ignorant, lazy, and incompetent. They have no experience and their training is pathetic. This ship is powerful enough to take out a battleship.”
“There are five hundred shuttles in the master fleet.”
Martin grinned. “And we're taking them all today. All at once. You people are fools. But cooperate and we might just let you live.”
Dester came in. “Beacons are off. I did a scan and no signals were being emitted. We're clean. I told Tamia. We should be at Beta Station in ten minutes.”
Drakis was regaining full consciousness. “What happened? Where am I?”
Dester walked to the side of the bed, leaning in with a smile. “There's been a little shakeup in the empire.”
“What?”
“You are now owned by me.”
Drakis expression turned to one of anger. “You—”
Dester smacked him hard. “Shut your mouth or I'll shut it permanently. You slaves don't talk, you don't move, you don't do anything unless we specifically say. Anyone not interested in compliance, I'll happily walk you to an airlock. Anyone here ever walked in space without a suit on?”
Only head shakes and stares were returned. “Well, unless you want to try it out, you'll do exactly as we say. We now own this shuttle. And we own you.”
Drakis' shuttle landed in bay one. Hallik landed in bay two. Dester was holding the blaster on the master and the captured crew as Hallik came into the room.
Drakis let out a sigh of relief. “Master Hallik, thank goodness. We are rescued.”
Hallik stopped in front of him. “Drakis, your arrogance and your meddling have cost you your life.”
“What? What are you talking about? Are you in league with these slaves?”
Hallik smirked. “We are partners, yes. They are going to make me emperor and I am going to free all Humans.”
“Traitor!”
Hallik chuckled. “Traitor. Such harsh words. You've now hurt my feelings.”
Dester said, “Can I off them all now?”
Hallik held up a hand. “Patience. Master Drakis is going to be joining the cause. At least for as long as he cooperates.”
“Join? Have you gone insane?”
“Insane? Insane is killing millions of innocent Humans every year for the purpose of entertainment. Insane is this hierarchy of wealth that holds everyone in place, including the entire empire. I'm certain you remember your master lessons, where you were told that all this was discovered by and created by the Humans. You do remember that, right?”
“That's a tale told by those above us to keep us in line.”
Hallik gestured around himself. “This station, a science and research station, was built by Humans ten thousand years ago. If you were to walk around and look at the systems, you would see they appear to match our modern systems. And why is that? They match because the designs of our systems are ten thousand years old. We're still using what the Humans built. We are the dumb species of the galaxy. They were brilliant.”
“You've gone stark raving mad. How could you believe any of that?”
Bersa stepped forward. “It is true. I test in the top 3 percent of all citizens for intelligence. This random selection of Humans who are now off Shackle are as smart or smarter than I am. The other aware Humans we've tested are the same. We are the idiots, as is evidenced by the stagnation of our technology since we took over. Had it not been for the Great Betrayer, Humans would probably have spread this empire to the entire galaxy.”
“Preposterous. This is an outrage. When Governor Aurin hears of this you will be finished.”
Hallik smiled. “Soon enough, Master Aurin will be working for me.”

Chapter   23
_______________________

A comm came in to Hallik. He took it in private, returning several minutes later with a concerned look on his face.
Bersa asked, “Master?”
“I've just had a report from Caloran. Several days ago, a strange craft was spotted as it left the atmosphere. A freighter just happened to be jumping into that space, catching the craft in its sensor logs.”
“Ships come and go all the time. It should be in the port logs as well.”
“No. The pilot checked. He said it was a shuttle-size craft, the likes of which he'd not seen before. And there's more. He followed the ship's trajectory back to the surface. We now have a whole village at that location, just over a hundred people, who are all suffering from black-colon.”
“Someone is planting the virus?”
“Possibly. We need to investigate this. I'm having all the data transferred here. Use this facility to find out whatever you can about it. If someone is intentionally spreading the virus, we need to know who and we need to know why.”
Bersa turned to the others. “It seems we have a new mission.”
Drakis asked, “What virus? What's happening?”
“Have you heard of the occasional Human becoming aware?”
“I would assume every master has. They are to be turned over immediately for study. Why?”
“If what we just saw is true, someone is planting that virus.”
“The authorities should be notified of this immediately.” Drakis crossed his arms. “Hmm. I wonder if this could be corporate espionage. This would be right up Thelm's alley.”
Bersa smiled. “Thelm is a buffoon. We did this to you, the people in this room. Thelm is a pawn under our control and no more.”
Hallik said, “Please take Drakis and his crew and confine them somewhere. If they are cooperative, we might let them live. If not, terminate as you see fit.”
Bersa nodded. “Consider it done. You, Drakis, and the rest of you, come with me.”
“Where are you taking them?” asked Jim.
“Confinement. That is all you need to know.”
When the others had left the room, Hallik clasped his hands together. “Mr. Gecka, I would normally be furious that you lost control and brought this all about. However, it appears to have all worked out in our favor. Drakis, shamed in the court, decides to disappear. Who would question it? And at the same time we are already expanding into his business, something that we will fully take over. Drakis’ son is far from his father and will struggle with running his business. So it would seem your actions have only worked to accelerate my rise toward the governorship of Betuaon State. I should thank you.”
“You can thank me when you become emperor by ending all this.”
Hallik smiled. “The goal of us all.”
Bersa returned. “Locked away safe and sound. I got an alert on my comm that the data from the mystery ship has been uploaded. I'd like to take the team in to begin evaluation if I could.”
“Please do. I have other business to attend to. Being number four in rank below the governor has its responsibilities.”
Hallik boarded the Greft and was soon away. The others moved into the classroom.
Tamia said, “Someone spreading the virus... now we finally know what's happening. But who would be doing this?”
“That is what we will be attempting to find out,” said Bersa.
An image of the ship was pushed up on the display.
Bersa frowned. “I have extensive knowledge of ships. I don't recognize this one.”
Jim said, “Maybe this is a ship Turly has seen? Can we bring her in?”
“Turly is not available.”
“What happened to her?”
“She is alive, but in confinement.”
“And why can't she be brought here?”
“She was taken down to the med labs and shoved through an airlock into a room that was contaminated with spores from down on the planet.”
“Why would you do that? She was cooperating.”
“I had my orders. And now we know what the spores will do. She has blisters covering half her body. Very unsightly.”
Jim shook his head. “Are we becoming them?”
Tamia asked, “Can she still ID a ship if we bring it up on a monitor in the lab?”
Bersa nodded. “I suppose that to be possible. Come, we'll see if she has an opinion.”
The group walked the stairs down to the medical lab on deck eight.
Daniel rolled in to join them. “What's this I hear about a ship?”
“A mystery ship was spotted at Caloran,” Martin replied. “We think it was delivering the virus to a village. The entire village is now sick. We just want to know if Turly has seen anything like it.”
“And why are we in here—whoa. What happened to her? How'd she get in there?”
The Sevada was looking out through the glass windows surrounding the lab she had been placed into. Pus-infested boils covered much of her exposed face and arms.
Bersa asked, “How are you feeling?”
“They don't hurt. More nuisance than anything. What is it? Why is this happening to me? What is this place?”
“It's a ten-thousand-year-old Human science lab. They were studying the planet below. You're infected with something they brought up. But we aren't here to talk about that. We're here to ask if you have ever seen this ship or one like it.”
An image was brought up on a display. “Hmm, interesting. It has many of the characteristics of ours, but no, I don't recognize it. Where is this from?”
“Caloran. It was seen leaving the planet, and two days later an entire village was infected with the same virus that made these Humans aware.”
“Someone is spreading that?”
“It would appear so. Is there anything on this exterior you recognize? Anything that would give us a clue as to where it was manufactured? If we can find that, maybe we can find who's piloting it.”
Turly studied the image for several minutes, repeatedly shaking her head. “No. Nothing I have seen before. Can I see the flight data collected from the sensors?”
Bersa pushed the information to the display.
“Hmm, this all looks standard. Speed, hull temperatures... wait... they do look to be exclusively using a gravity drive. Most ships, excluding our master-shuttles, use conventional engines in atmosphere. So this would have to be an expensive ship. And why Caloran?”
“We don't know. It seems to be the target of these virus outbreaks. We have more than five hundred aware Humans we are caring for. We are running out of space and the ability to conceal this. If this is discovered before Master Hallik makes Betuaon Governor, this entire colony might be quarantined. Such an event would almost certainly doom our mission to failure.”
Martin asked, “Five hundred Humans are aware? Is any effort being made to bring them into our network here?”
Bersa sighed. “We do not have the management resources available to take on such a task. It was contemplated earlier, but we kept coming to the same conclusion. Master Hallik and I do not trust any others to carry out missions like this team. One moderate mistake could bring all this crashing down.”
“So how do we stop whoever this is from spreading the virus?” asked Tamia.
“That is a question we will be attempting to answer.”
The study of the mystery craft led to a collection of Caloran sensor logs going back several years. Anomalies in the data accounted for more than half the known infections. The team was convinced the infections were deliberate. Thousands of new sensors were purchased and deployed.
Several weeks passed before Hallik returned to the station. “Bersa, how are my team members faring?”
“They are getting restless. We need new missions. Perhaps it's time we explore the businesses of those who make up the top ten of the Talion District. We need something to occupy our minds.”
“And Jamus? I've not had time to watch the feeds.”
“Jamus has Thelm eating from his hand. They are best of friends. I'm concerned Master Thelm will grow weary of their friendship, or will be confronted because of public exposure, and Jamus will then be terminated due to pressure. We have an excellent understanding of the businesses under Thelm's ownership. Perhaps it's time to pull Mr. Turnbull out and bring him home.”
Hallik replied, “I don't believe that is in our best interest at the moment. I'm preparing to ramp up our efforts against both Wilcer and Aurin, and I'd like to use Thelm as a club—and then perhaps as someone to take blame should things go wrong. Having Mr. Turnbull in there and feeding direction to Thelm has been of stellar benefit to our cause.”
“Very well, Master.”
Hallik was suspiciously silent for most of a minute.
Bersa asked, “Is everything OK?”
“I have some bad news. I was contemplating how best to break it.”
Kerena said, “Just tell us. We see and hear bad news every day now.”
“The five hundred twenty-eight Humans I had in my care have been captured and taken away.”
Martin stood. “What? How?”
“In an attempt to make room for others who are becoming aware every day, I moved those to a new secret facility on Lentrep. Drakis owned a large plot of mountainous land there. I had a facility built in his name and moved the people from our facility on Caloran to there. Even though they were well cared for, there was a dispute and a riot. A building burned and was detected by the local authorities, who came out to inspect.
“The military was called in when the Humans were discovered. Thirty-six were killed. The remainder were rounded up from the mountains when they attempted to flee. I fear they are now being cut open and studied. The only positive would be with Drakis missing, no one can question his motives, or even determine if it was by his doing. Oh, and each was told to mention Drakis' name should they be captured, and to otherwise play dumb.”
Tamia asked. “What of their numbers? The tattoos on our shoulders and forearms? Doesn't that tie them to you?”
“All registered as being sold to Drakis several years ago. Each of you have had your ownership altered as well. If caught, you do not and have not belonged to me.”
“Five hundred Humans. Awares. Must have been terrifying. If you're on the Smudge, at least your reactions are somewhat muted.”
“Yes. It is unfortunate. Also unfortunate is the fact that we now have close to a hundred fifty on Caloran who are aware. A few visits from the mystery ship like the last one and we'll be running out of room there again.”
“Can't we expand it to hold more?”
“We already run the risk of exposing this operation by having them in my territory. As stated before, should the authorities find them, all of Caloran might be quarantined for study. Already there is talk of doing so on Lentrep, the capital of Masterette Wilcer's holdings. She is speaking with Aurin in an attempt to keep it quiet. Should the district governor get wind of such an incident, there would be district agents snooping around all of Betuaon.”
“This is disastrous,” said Bersa. “I understand the need to keep them hidden away, but as you stated, we risk this entire operation should they be discovered.”
“I will not betray the aware Humans, if only to keep my team here happy and believing in myself and our mission. But our time may be running short. District control of this state would bring a swift end to any effort we might put forth.”
Hallik returned to his shuttle and other business. The station remained in a somber mood for the rest of the day. The following morning, after a standard breakfast of eggs, toast, and an oatmeal-like paste, everyone headed to the classroom.
An image of Jamus showed on the wall as he walked behind Thelm. “Master, is it wise to go poking our nose in Masterette Wilcer's business?”
“If she has been harboring Humans that are not on Shackle, that is a major violation. I would like to know what she holds out as her defense.”
“Did you not say the Humans were found in a Drakis-owned facility?”
“Yes, Jamus. But on her capital planet. I find it difficult to believe she was not on top of something like this that was taking place right under her nostrils. If so, at a minimum that would be negligence on her part.”
“Ah... I see. You are looking to capitalize on her mistakes. Should she be implicated, you, in all your glory and wisdom, would certainly move up to number two in all of Betuaon. You are smart to take steps to accelerate your move up, Master. Genius.”
Thelm stopped as he thought. “Hmm. Yes. I suppose I am genius. And second to the governor in all of Betuaon, indeed an honor and privilege. Did you know that seconds are often invited to district-level meetings?”
“No, Master, I did not.”
Thelm chuckled. “Of course you didn't. You're a Human slave. Sometimes I find asking ridiculous questions to be humorous.”
Jamus gave his best impression of a demented chuckle.
Thelm sighed. “Please don't ever do that again. It lessens my opinion of you.”
“Yes, Master. As you ask.”
Thelm walked up a shuttle ramp. A guard stepped forward. “Who are you?”
Thelm returned an angry glare. “Who am I? I am Master Thelm of the House of Thelm. I would like to speak to Masterette Wilcer. She is expecting me.”
The guard scrambled to move from his way. “I apologize, Master. Things have been hectic here. I wasn't told of your impending visit.”
Thelm huffed as he walked past. “Well, that just makes you incompetent. It's your duty to know.”
As Jamus followed up the ramp, the guard began to step forward, hesitated, and withdrew. Another encounter with an angry master would not be in his best interest. Thelm walked into an expansive office, where Wilcer was seated behind a desk.
“Ah, Masterette, I'd like to thank you for taking this meeting.”
“What is it, Thelm? What was so important?”
“I apologize for asking, but were you involved in this aware-Human debacle in any way?”
“I'll excuse that question because I know you had to ask. The simple answer is no. That was Drakis' land. It's no wonder he disappeared.”
“Have there been any reports on his whereabouts at all? Any sightings?”
“None. It's as if he vanished. If he opened a portal, it was outside sensor range. For all I know, he could be headed out of the known galaxy, knowing he was going to get caught for his illegal activities.”
“Again, I apologize for asking, but given our business entanglements, even though minor, I had to ask.”
“Understood. I'm scrambling now to try to contain this disaster. This is my home base here on Lentrep. Should news of this leak to the district, even with me having no involvement, a full quarter of my businesses would be impacted. And any subsequent investigation could run on for years.”
“I can see where that would be detrimental.”
“Well, you should also know that the district coming in would be detrimental to your business as well. If you had any dealings with Drakis, I would suggest you untangle them as fast as you can.”
“Just one that had yet to be implemented. I am fully protected.”
“None of us are protected, Thelm. The district will send in their cronies and our businesses will be stripped of their profits. Betuaon would lose big, and the other states would be all too happy to benefit from our demise.”
“What steps are being taken to shield us?”
“I'm trying to convince Aurin that we should keep this quiet. We do our own internal investigation. If the district comes in, Aurin will lose, and anyone who does business with Aurin will lose.”
Thelm rubbed his chin. “Hmm. What if Aurin was convinced to keep this from the district, and then you notified the district?”
Wilcer leaned forward. “Are you suggesting an alliance to take down Aurin?”
“Would that not make you governor? And would that not put you in charge of managing the district investigation, seeing as it came by your request?”
Bersa shook her head. “What is he doing? That would be disastrous. With the district here due to criminal activity, there would be no chance of upward movement.”
“Do you have business dealings with Aurin?”
Thelm nodded. “I do. But none that couldn't be quickly unwound.”
Wilcer sat back. “Did you ever think you could make it to number two in Betuaon, Thelm?”
“I have been there before, but I suppose every master has had dreams of being in every position above them at one time or another.”
“I've already been working on Aurin. If you were able to convince him to conceal this incident, we would have him in a pinch. How would you like to have a third of his businesses?”
Thelm raised his eyebrows. “That would almost double my holdings.”
“As it would mine. Interesting. I had not anticipated us having an opportunity to have such a talk. Until this all surfaced, I didn't even have designs on the governorship. Now, here in this moment, it's all I can think about.”
“What would you have me do?”
“There are a thousand reasons for Aurin to keep this from the district. Tell them all and convince him that he has your backing. I will do the same. When he takes those first few irreversible steps, we'll have him in our grasp.”
Thelm smiled and then gave Masterette Wilcer a concerned look. “Wait, didn't you say the district coming here would likely cost you a large portion of your business?”
Wilcer grinned. “I did. But wouldn't you be willing to give up a quarter of your wealth if it meant doubling that wealth just before? If we split Aurin's assets, as would be customary in a whistleblower scenario, we would end up well above where we are. As a governor with such wealth, I might already start at a higher rank in the district.”
Bersa said, “This would be a setback I don't think we could overcome for years. We can't allow this to happen. I'll have to get a note to Jamus. One of you may have to go aboard Thelm's shuttle as slave staff.”
Thelm ran the numbers in his head. His smile returned. “I have a meeting with Aurin tomorrow to discuss this situation. I'll let you know how it goes... Governor.”

Chapter   24
_______________________

Thelm sat eating his meal, looking at Jamus with a slight smile as they journeyed toward the Yore colony. A new galley-slave carried in a dessert tray, lowering it before the master as he took his last bite of the main course.
“Hmm. I think I will go with marmalade jubilee.”
His cleaned plate was removed; the bowl of jubilee and fresh utensils were placed in front of him.
“Jamus? Have you ever had jubilee?”
“No, Master. I haven't.”
“Too bad. It's wonderful.”
A note was passed to Jamus as Thelm focused on the delight before him. The shuttle was on final approach to the main star-port on Yore by the time dessert was finished. Thelm left the dining room, heading to his chambers to freshen his breath. Jamus took the opportunity to read the short note.
“Turn Wilcer over to Aurin for conspiracy. Convince Aurin to conceal the incident.”
Jamus hurried after his master.
The shuttle landed and Thelm walked down the ramp with Jamus several paces behind. “Master, is it wise to follow the council of Wilcer? Conspiracy to trap Aurin? Our business dealings with Aurin are very profitable. We have none with Wilcer.”
“I've been contemplating that very thing.”
“You have said repeatedly that Wilcer can be difficult to deal with, as was Drakis. Aurin has been quite pleasant in that regard. Do you get the feeling that Wilcer would be a tyrant as governor?”
“A tyrant? What are you saying?”
“I worry for my master. If she becomes governor, you are the one individual who knows her secret. One might think that would not bode well for you.”
“Which is why I'm leaning toward that very deal.”
“I don't understand. One might fear her having that knowledge. What if she were to double-cross and implicate you? Would she not end up with all of Aurin's holdings, as well as yours?”
Thelm stopped. “I suppose I hadn't considered that.”
“She owes you nothing. You are beneath her. Such a move would not only place her in the governorship, but possibly high up in the rankings of the district. She certainly has incentive to do you in. And we already know her to be untrustworthy with arranging the plot against Aurin.”
“Hmm. And with either deal I move into position number two.”
“With the Aurin deal, you can lay claim to the entire Wilcer fortune. You wouldn't even have to share.”
Thelm slowly nodded. “That does have its appeal. It is certainly less dangerous for me in the future. Aurin might even become a staunch ally.”
“Seeing as how you saved him from the conspiracy. Turning in Wilcer to Aurin would be a bold and brilliant move, Master. And safe.”
“Bold and brilliant... I am bold and brilliant. Yes. Wilcer should not have plotted against our governor. Let us proceed, Jamus. We have a governor to save.”
Jamus said, “Does that not still leave the issue of the incident, Master? Should it be covered up?”
Thelm again stopped. “I suppose I should have that settled before entering a discussion with Aurin.”
“If the district comes in, won't business be curtailed?”
“Yes. Yes it would.”
“So should you use your genius to convince Aurin it would be in everyone's best interest if knowledge of this incident could be kept at the state level? Could Aurin's resources, or yours, not do a more thorough investigation? What were Drakis, and possibly Wilcer, doing with aware Humans?”
Thelm slowly nodded as he again began to walk. “I suppose I could do a thorough investigation of this.”
“It might even be an adventure, Master. Imagine if you were the one to identify the truth of the matter, and then reveal it to Aurin. You do like to lecture, and this would be a perfect opportunity to show your genius.”
Thelm's expression turned to a smile as he picked up the pace. “I'm feeling this is going to be another great day in a string of great days, Jamus.”
“You are so deserving, Master. No one is more deserving than you.”
“Yes. Yes I suppose that is true. Come, Jamus, we have a conspirator to uncover.”
Bersa shook her head. “I don't know how he does it. That wasn't a very convincing argument he was making.”
Dester replied, “He played Thelm's weakness. Flattery. Tell him to do something. Then tell him he's a genius for thinking it up. He seems to go for that every time.”
Thelm strode into an office in a headquarters building belonging to Aurin. The smirk on his face faded as he took note of the other guest. Masterette Wilcer was seated in a chair across from Aurin.
“Uh, Master Aurin. I wasn't expecting anyone else.”
Wilcer smiled. “I was just here to see that everything was in order.”
Aurin said, “Since this incident with the slaves is the topic of discussion, let's get on with it. Wilcer has convinced me to keep this from the district. We have the means to investigate this thoroughly. Why allow them to interfere in such a localized matter? Are you in agreement with this Thelm?”
“I... uh... I'm not certain. Please tell me what you've heard so far.”
Jamus sat on the floor behind his master, his head bowed as to not cast his eyes on the others in the room.
Aurin frowned. “Is this the Human I've been hearing about? You take him everywhere?”
“I... uh... he's a good servant, Master Aurin. I take him as a convenience. He follows commands immediately and does exactly as I say.”
Aurin looked at Wilcer with a smirk. “Don't all Humans do that? If not, don't you just get another?”
Thelm's demeanor told of his embarrassment.
Jamus stood, maintaining his gaze at the floor. “Master, forgive me. I forgot to bring the beverage as you requested, the one prescribed for your health.”
Thelm turned, momentarily confused as to what to say.
Bersa winced. “I hope he didn't just reveal himself.”
“Should I return to the shuttle for it, Master?”
“Uh... please excuse me for one moment. My physician has me on a special concoction.”
Thelm turned. “Yes, Jamus. Please fetch the beverage. You will receive your punishment when I return to the ship.”
“Do you want the red or the blue?”
Thelm stared for several seconds. “Master, Masterette, please forgive this intrusion. I shall be right back.”
Thelm followed Jamus into the hall with an enraged expression. “What are you doing?” he whispered. “That was embarrassing!”
“I'm sorry, Master. It seems Wilcer is attempting to turn Aurin against you. You should fear for your life and wealth.”
“What?”
“If they move to conceal this incident, they will want someone to pin it on if all goes wrong. That someone will be you. I don't want to see the most brilliant master I've ever served being used for such.”
“What should I do?”
“Stick to the plan. Convince Aurin that Wilcer is a conspirator.”
“She is right there in the room with us.”
“Yes. She is right there without the ability to deny what you say. Explain how she would benefit from the arrangement. All Aurin needs is suspicion. From there, convince him of the loyalty of the second in command he will have. You are a genius, Master. Go in there with confidence, knowing you are doing the right thing.”
“And what is this nonsense about a health beverage?”
“We needed an excuse to give you a moment to think. Now that you have a firm plan, you can go in and crush Wilcer before she crushes you. You are the most brilliant. You have the confidence and conviction to see this through. Be bold and brilliant, Master. You will be the ultimate winner here.”
“Come with me. Take your seat on the floor.”
Thelm walked back into the room with a smile. “My apologies. The beverage was consumed before I came over. I had another slave bring it to me. Jamus was not informed. He was merely looking out for his master's health.”
Wilcer scowled. “You are disturbed for bringing that slave with you, Thelm. People are starting to talk.”
“Hmm. Are they talking about your conspiracy to overthrow Governor Aurin?”
“What?”
“Yes, the conspiracy you hatched just yesterday on your shuttle. You asked me to convince the governor to conceal the incident while you went to the district to reveal his transgression. Once the district arrived and confirmed the incident, you planned on keeping two-thirds of Aurin's fortune while passing a third to me. Is that what people are talking about?”
Aurin looked at Wilcer with an angry expression. “Is that true, Wilcer? You would have me deposed and then steal my fortune?”
Wilcer stood. “This is an outrage. Your conspiracy here is to overthrow me! You have no evidence that I was plotting anything as such!”
Thelm turned. “Jamus, please stand.”
The slave quietly stood, averting his eyes.
“Were you with me yesterday when I went to visit Masterette Wilcer?”
“Yes, Master. I was.”
“And did she propose overthrowing the governor?”
“I... I don't know what overthrow means, Master. Forgive me.”
Thelm huffed. “Did she state that I should convince the governor to conceal this incident?”
“Concealing was mentioned, Master. Yes.”
“And did she mention notifying the district authorities about this act?”
“Yes, Master. The district authorities were mentioned.”
Wilcer waved her hands in an expression of chaos. “This means nothing. There is no evidence there. We discussed the concealment and we discussed what would happen if the district were to come in.”
Aurin nodded. “I can't say that was all too convincing, Thelm.”
Jamus took a step forward, still bowing his head. “On the way over here, Master was concerned for the safety of the governor. He expressed concern that Masterette Wilcer was plotting against Betuaon State. Wanting to control it for herself.”
“This is an outrage! This slave has no right to talk. And this is hearsay!”
Aurin stared for several seconds. “Thelm, is this true?”
“It is, Governor. I came here with the goal of protecting you. I was dismayed at hearing Masterette Wilcer's plot against you.”
Aurin said, “Both of you… be seated.”
Jamus took a seat on the floor behind his master's chair as Thelm sat.
“Especially you, Wilcer. I'm calling a governor's court. Thelm, you will be my witness.”
Wilcer's expression turned to one of terror.
A recorder was started. “I, Governor Aurin, ruler of Betuaon State, use the authority given to me by my wealth to condemn former Masterette Wilcer for conspiracy to overthrow the Betuaon government. As witnessed by the testimony of Master Thelm.”
Thelm nodded. “Confirmed.”
Aurin opened a comm. “Guards, please come in here. We have a traitor among us.”
Two Brekan soldiers, the governor's personal guards, walked into the room.
Aurin pointed. “Take this traitor Wilcer for termination. Let her name never be spoken again.”
Thelm displayed a smug look as Wilcer was taken from the room. “Brilliant, Governor. She would have been the undoing of us all.”
“Yes… I was not expecting such dealings today. And we still have the matter of the incident. How do I conceal the fact that five hundred Humans were aware and being held in a secret location?”
“It would seem you already have your completed investigation, Governor. Wilcer was obviously conspiring with Drakis to use the slaves to take over Betuaon State. Your efforts uncovered the plot and brought those involved to justice. There is no need to notify District. The incident is already resolved.”
“That is weak, Thelm.”
“You have my testimony. You have the evidence of the Humans on Lentrep, a colony overwhelmingly owned by Masterette Wilcer. Was it not her responsibility to govern that colony? Including the lands that belong to others?”
“It was.”
“Then I believe we have a strong case. And our conviction that it is a strong case, should the need to discuss it further ever arise. That conviction will be convincing enough. There was a situation, and you, as governor, a strong governor, took charge and cleaned it up.”
Aurin nodded. “I suppose that is a decently strong case. Thelm, you are entitled to the fortunes of the conspirator. That wealth places you within arm’s reach of this chair. I hope you have no designs on it of your own.”
Aurin sat and stared at Jamus. “And that Human. Please don't disgrace my office with that foul being again.”
Thelm smiled. “I am here to serve the governor. You have been just and good and fair to all. I will be delighted to be your number two. And my slave will remain away from your presence from here on.”
The meeting ended with Thelm grinning from ear to ear as they walked back to the shuttle. “Splendidly, Jamus... that went splendidly.”
“Yes, Master. You were brilliant as usual. Justice has been done by your hand today.”
“Yes. By my hand. Justice. Again I find myself wanting to celebrate on this most superb of days. I'm thinking of gracing the game crowds on Polous with my presence.”
“They aren't deserving of your greatness, Master, but I'm certain they will be appreciative of any time you would bestow on them. It might be a good time to release the news of your new position. Perhaps you should make use of your media company to push the story out there?”
“Hmm. I believe I will.”
“You should invite your friend Master Hallik. He would appreciate the gesture, seeing as how he has now become the new number three in all of Betuaon. How better to bask in your new glory than to have someone to discuss it with?”
“You sometimes scare me, Jamus. Your thoughts are un-Human.”
“I only function in this manner because of the greatness I see before me every day.”
“Yes, I suppose there is that. Come, Jamus. We must prepare ourselves for a day of celebration, and let the people know the House of Thelm is once again on a meteoric rise.”
“I wouldn't term it as such, Master. Those above you, such as the governor, might take it the wrong way. Especially given what just transpired. Perhaps something like ‘the House of Thelm is once again worthy of the dignity and respect it has always commanded.’”
Thelm sighed. “Adequate I suppose. I'll have to think on it.”
The shuttle lifted, headed back to Polous. A grand day of celebration was to be had.

Chapter   25
_______________________

Hallik stood before the others in the Beta Station lounge. “My success is your success. Your efforts have moved me to the number three position in Betuaon, also holding careful control of the number two master. Our efforts will now turn toward the removal of Master Aurin from his position as governor. With the expulsion of Drakis and Wilcer, those below us, whose positions we overtook, have now once again earned their old positions, and each will be grateful to me for the support I have given them. At the moment, we have no enemies in all of Betuaon.”
Dester crossed his arms. “So Pilor and Poch are OK with you? Even Snooka?”
Hallik nodded. “Even Snooka. Each has been restored to their prior rank. And each now have slightly more wealth than before. There are no reasons for them to be unhappy. Each of you should be proud of what we've managed to accomplish.”
Bersa said, “In addition to Betuaon, we have initiatives running in a half-dozen states within the Talion District. After being shown potential profits, many of the other states’ masters are eager to do business with us. There's a sense out there that Betuaon is somehow becoming wealthy. False of course, but a rumor nonetheless. The complacency in the empire is making the lure of easy money almost too much to resist.”
“Yes,” Hallik replied. “As a consequence of our success, you will now be moving on to missions outside of Betuaon. Dester, you and Jim will be joining the shuttle slave crew of Master Faunic. Tamia, you, Kerena, and Martin will be joining the home staff of Masterette Thock. She detests shuttles and instead has palatial homes on four state government colony planets—one here on Yore. You three will be in her main palace on Koodesh. Martin will be a gardener, Kerena dining staff, and Tamia a personal chambermaid. Dester, you will be the valet for Faunic on his shuttle. Jim, you will be doing your customary floor polishing on the same.”
Hallik glanced around the room. “Does anyone have any questions?”
“When do we start?” asked Dester.
“Final arrangements are being made as we speak. For Mr. Marr and Mr. Wazny, that may be as soon as this evening. You are both familiar with the layout of a standard shuttle, and of the tasks you will be performing, so general training for this mission is not required. What you will be studying this afternoon are the businesses, holdings, and associates of Master Faunic.
“Mr. Marr, Master Thelm will be paying a visit to the Bergo colony to meet with Faunic. We are hoping you will be able to establish a relationship with Faunic like Thelm has with Mr. Turnbull. Tread carefully if you choose to pursue that.”
In the week that followed, both teams were deployed. Jim made an effort to follow the bridge crew around as he polished the floors to a high sheen. Dester got the ear of his master, mostly by making disparaging remarks about others, remarks that had his master in a constant chuckle. It seemed the Talions were easily manipulated and easily entertained. Faunic and Thelm became fast friends, hanging out with each other and their semi-smart slaves.
At the Koodesh colony, Martin was right at home in the garden. Masterette Thock was fixated on the presentation of the grounds of her main estate. Martin had a green thumb, winning praise from his new owner, often following her around with her guests as they walked and talked among the flowering plants and trees. 
Tamia had her appreciation in the chambers, often selecting outfits and dressing her master, whose appearance had somehow improved, according to her friends. 
Kerena served in the kitchen and dining hall, gathering intel on the many guests who visited the palace.
Back on Polous, Jamus sat with Thelm as his master licked an ice cream cone at a local gaming arena. “Jamus, it has been a wondrous year. You are my good luck charm. My wealth has increased three-fold. I am now the number two master in all of Betuaon.”
“You should be governor, Master. You have the genius. You have the wisdom. You have the love and admiration of your crew and your slaves.”
“Thank you, Jamus. That was very kind. Here, finish this ice cream for me.”
The personal slave was handed a half-eaten cone that was melting and dripping down the sides. Thelm stared until Jamus took a bite and followed with a smile.
“Perfect. I hope you enjoy that. You have been a good investment.”
“As you have been the most perfect and generous owner, Master.”
“Yes. Yes I have been. Now come, we have games to attend. I'm meeting a new business associate and I'd like your opinion of his offer once our meeting concludes.”
“As master commands.”
Jamus followed Thelm into the local arena, ice cream cone still in his hand. The arena had box seating, much smaller than in the ultimate arenas of Parisser.
Thelm squirmed to make himself comfortable in the thinly padded chair. “Preposterous. I should like these boxes updated. I am almost embarrassed to be meeting Master Konlith under these conditions.”
“Is Polous not wealthier than Dunika? And aren't the games more entertaining?”
“Well, yes, I suppose they are. Dunika is a cesspool compared to Polous.”
Master Konlith was standing behind Thelm. “What is that you say about Dunika?”
Thelm quickly turned. “It is a fine colony. I was just commenting about how I hoped the games there were as entertaining as here.”
“I see. Excellent.”
Thelm gestured toward a chair. “Have a seat. Can I have my slave fetch you an ice cream?”
Jamus held up the half eaten cone. Konlith pulled back with a scowl.
Thelm chuckled. “Not a half-eaten cone. A fresh one, mind you.”
“I will pass on the dessert, thank you. I believe this is the first time I have ever seen a slave eating dessert.”
“Master Konlith, this is Jamus, my personal slave. I find his presence both entertaining and uplifting. He's been trained to compliment his master.”
“You are ever wise, Master.”
Thelm grinned. “It's all the rage now, having a personal slave who is trained to compliment. You should add one to your staff.”
“Your shoes are delightful, Master Konlith.”
“Yes. They are. My third wife gave them to me this—why am I having a conversation with a slave?”
“Ah. The secret is that you don't have to answer. You own them. Just sit back and enjoy the praise.”
“Perhaps I will have to look into this. I certainly get no compliments from my wives or children, even with all I provide them.”
“Yes, family can be quite rude. So what is this deal you are bringing to me today?”
“I've studied your investment into the tobacco industry in Betuaon. Turgol State has a similar situation where one House has 90 percent of the market share. I thought a partnership with you might allow me to break the stranglehold Master Bannfee has on Turgol.”
“Bannfee? Is he not the number two in Turgol?”
“He is.”
“And you are number eight?”
“I am.”
“Do you have the farmlands available to grow the needed product?”
“I do not. That is why I am coming to you. I have the distribution network where I could place the product in competition with Master Bannfee.”
“Do you think that to be a wise move?”
“As a producer, no. But as a distributor, all I am doing is delivering the available goods to market. Master Bannfee will not have complaint if I am merely a partner. He cannot deny open competition.”
“No. I suppose he can't. Do you have the data to go with a formal proposal?”
“I do. It is being delivered to your data hold. Master Thelm, thank you for listening to me today. Your name is making the circles. They are calling you a rising star.”
“They are too kind, Master Konlith. I am but a humble servant to the governor of Betuaon.”
The meeting ended and Konlith departed.
Thelm turned to face Jamus with a smile on his face. “So? I thought that went quite well. It seems I'm gathering a reputation.”
“How could you not? I'm only surprised that you aren't already the emperor.”
Thelm chuckled. “Oh, please stop. Your praise is becoming predictable and unbelievable. Although...”
The master planted three fingers on his chin as he looked up toward the ceiling in a daydream.
“This deal is a good one, Master. I enjoyed the way you manipulated him into only providing the distribution. Perhaps your partner Master Hallik can provide the product while you again work the masterful media campaign?”
“I believe that to be an excellent solution, Jamus.”
“Your skill at manipulating others is almost shameful, Master.”
“Yes. I suppose it is.”
“Are there other deals to be made that are similar to this one?”
“I would think so. With my new position as number two, and my rising reputation, those deals may be just waiting for me to reach out and scoop up.”
“You should act while your reputation is spreading, Master. Take advantage of your strengthening position.”
In the aftermath of the Wilcer conspiracy, the House of Thelm was burgeoning with profits. With full control of the cigarette industry in Betuaon State, and with the advent of its spread into Turgol, every master in the eight states within the Talion District was eager to build partnerships with the rising phenom.
The House of Aurin, however, was anything but pleased with the goings on. Thelm was called in to see the governor.
“I'm concerned with the success I'm seeing from your businesses, Thelm. Is this another conspiracy?”
“Conspiracy, Governor? To do what? To make profit? Aren't the deals we have together doing well?”
“Tepid would be what I call them. Profitable, but barely so. Meanwhile, my other businesses seem to all be losing share. Has word on the street been that I am somehow weak?”
“I have heard nothing but praise for your continued governance. The people like their governor. You have been fair and kind to all.”
“What I have been is on a losing streak. The gap between your fortune and mine is narrowing. It has already fallen by half. How is it you are profiting while I am in decline?”
“I don't know how to answer that, Governor. Somehow I have gotten a reputation as a shrewd businessman. I cannot explain it other than to say it is there. Just last week I made a deal to provide and advertise cigarettes for a market in Turgol. I will be using the same plan as I did here, which has been wildly successful.”
Aurin stood, placing his hands on his desk in front of himself as he leaned forward. “You must cut me in on this deal.”
Thelm sat silent for several seconds. “I don't know quite what to say to that, Governor. The distributor is in Turgol. I will be providing media coverage. The cigarettes are to be provided by Master Hallik.”
“Hallik? His farms are already maxed out. He should have told you that already.”
“He did mention that it would be a struggle, but he never said it couldn't be done. You don't currently have tobacco farms, do you?”
“I have farms. Far more than Hallik. Fully half could be converted in the next month alone.”
“I suppose I could speak with Hallik. He might be willing to pass that production to you, if only to gain favor.”
“Get him on the comm. Now.”
Thelm frowned. “Such a move is highly unusual for business, Governor. Are you certain you want to do this?”
“I'm certain.”
A comm was opened. After several minutes of pleading with the current tobacco king of Betuaon, Hallik relented, agreeing to pass the full contract for the supply portion of the deal over to Aurin.
“You won't regret this, Master Hallik. There will come a time when I happily return this favor.”
“I look forward to that time, Governor.”
The comm closed to a grinning governor and a pleased Thelm. 
Hallik opened a comm to Bersa. “This is perfect.”
“We are losing that business, Master. How is that good for us?”
“Aurin will replant half his crops in the next month. We then leak intel on this venture to the current tobacco king of Turgol, who will then see to it that this operation is shut down. In turn, we will offer to buy the excess tobacco from Aurin for a tenth of its value, since he won't have a market for it. On our end, we start conversion now of a sizable portion of our fields over to the crops Aurin is scrapping for this, filling the void that will be created. In the end, Aurin will be paying us again to convert those fields back to tobacco. This deal alone may be enough to make Thelm the governor of Betuaon.”
“Most excellent, Master.”
The crops were planted and an ad campaign prepared. As Hallik had planned, the details of the deal were leaked to the governor of Turgol and the deal was nixed.
Thelm sat at his dinner table enjoying a meal with his personal slave seated across from him.
Jamus said, “The loss of this deal. Is it bad for you?”
“Only in the loss of potential future profit. My commitment was minimal at this stage. I only need to scrap plans for an ad blitz. Master Konlith is the same, only needing to scrap plans for the distribution through his network. I still don't understand how Bannfee found out.”
“Master Konlith might not have been as tight-lipped as required. Or perhaps the governor got caught bragging about his great deal.”
“Perhaps. A terrible business practice by the way.”
“Maybe now we know why the governor's fortune has been falling.”
“He won't lose money. I understand Master Hallik is stepping in again with a favor, buying up his tobacco crop. He will be spending hard credits to purchase food products from Hallik as well, until such time as he can get his farms replanted.”
“Sounds like a bad business deal all around.”
Hallik opened a comm to the master directly above him. “Master Thelm, a good day to you. I was disappointed to hear about the collapse of the tobacco deal. I just finished purchasing all the product the governor had at a bargain price. In return, he offered to purchase my entire farm production that I had planted to replace the tobacco. It seems my move was risky, but timely.”
“The governor is quite distressed over this. He said to offer his personal thanks to you for your understanding and your willingness to deal when you didn't have to.”
“Yes, he was thankful directly to me as well. I did want to discuss something with you, Master Thelm. It is about your fortune. Have you done a tally of late?”
“Not in the last few weeks. Why?”
Hallik answered, “By my calculations, you are only a single percentage point behind the governor. It's possible you could overtake him in the coming month.”
“What? The governor? That's not realistic. I am well behind and it's not a title I am seeking.”
“Seeking or not, you could be our new governor. The people will be thrilled if that happens. They have wanted a Talion back in the governorship for centuries now. The House of Aurin may be falling from grace while the House of Thelm rises. And, Governor... I mean Master Thelm, who would be more deserving of this title than you? You stopped the conspiracy, and your business dealings have been stellar.”
“Hmm… Governor Thelm. I do like the sound of that.”
“I hope you will remember those partners who have been there with you during your rapid rise. I have profited from association with your greatness. I hope I can continue to be a trusted partner.”
Jamus said, “Strong partners will only help to elevate you, Master.”
Thelm chuckled. “My slave appears to agree with you, Master Hallik. Your humble service will always be appreciated in the House of Thelm.”

Chapter   26
_______________________

Bersa sat watching the team at Koodesh. Tamia was talking up a storm with Masterette Thock, who had become quite good friends with Thelm. Her fashion sense was receiving accolades from her associates, all because of her new personal slave, Tamia Brown. Her dinner parties were also winning favor with her newest kitchen staff member guiding the other slaves. And her palace was filled with fresh flowers daily, courtesy of her new gardener Martin. Thock was gaining popularity and was elated.
Dester helped his master into his daywear. “Who is Master Delmis?”
“Delmis is third in line to the governorship of the Talion District. He is a Leuchen. He can be jolly, like most Leuchens, but also gruff. And if he doesn't like you, he holds that dislike forever. He operates one of the biggest hunting game franchises in the empire, certainly the largest in the district. So please keep your rude remarks only between us. I'd rather not be despised and hated for the rest of my life. Especially by someone so powerful.”
“I will honor my most gracious master's every command. Master Delmis will think you a staunch supporter and ally.”
The Faunic shuttle landed. A private hover-taxi was waiting to collect Master Faunic and his personal slave. A ten-minute ride took the duo up to the top of the Cherid Mountains on Sascelia, landing on a tarmac at a palace belonging to Master Delmis. A short walk saw them escorted inside and Faunic seated on a plush couch, Dester sitting on the floor behind him.
“Master,” Dester said, “remember to talk about your arenas. You own more than a hundred throughout Talion. A partnering agreement would benefit you both. Master Delmis would profit by having his games travel to your arenas. You would benefit by keeping those arenas full. Your idea of such an investment will sell itself. You only need suggest it.”
“As I will. The games of Master Delmis are revered by all in the district. Did you know the catapult idea in the opening of the Ultimate games came directly from his premier league games?”
Dester frowned. “No, Master, I didn't”
“His games are quite brutal, and therefore some of the most popular.”
“What sort of games?”
“He has several of the highest-rated children's games. One of those would be the Human piñatas. A slegg is taken and forced to swallow credit tokens that have a value of anywhere between ten credits and five hundred credits value. The contestant is blindfolded and given an ax. The slegg is hung by their feet and hands, with their belly facing downward. The child walks around swinging the ax until the slegg is found. The credit tokens are electronically controlled and will automatically reduce in value until collected.”
“Collected?”
“The slegg is split open. The tokens fall to the floor. They are picked up, rinsed off, and deposited in a giant plastic pig—collected. I have to admit, even though I am not into children's games, the frantic behavior of some of the contestants is quite amusing.”
Dester said, “You ever think that maybe you people are all sick and demented?”
Faunic chuckled. “Please, don't put me in a laughing mood before Delmis even arrives. This is business. I need to be serious.”
“Maybe the two of you could go after each other with axes.”
Faunic laughed. “Please. Stop. That's an order.”
Delmis entered the room in all his Leuchen glory, a floor-length robe hanging from his broad shoulders. A half-dozen pustules on his face looked as though they could pop at any moment. Faunic stood and offered a head bow.
“Master Delmis, it is an honor to be welcomed by you today.”
“You have five minutes of my time, Master Faunic. What do you have that is such an urgent need?”
“A business proposition. You control games, many very popular games, and I have over a hundred arenas at my disposal. The proposition is a partnership of sorts. We take some of your games and make them traveling games. They would be seen in my arenas on a periodic schedule. I believe advertising would bring profits to us both.”
Delmis gestured to Dester. “You come to talk business and you bring one of those foul things into my home?”
Faunic turned to look at his newest staff addition. “He's a personal slave. He's encouraged to talk and to give compliments. It's the latest trend in being a master. I know several others who have them as well. They really are quite entertaining.”
“The only entertaining Human is one who is involved in a game. What makes this slave different?”
Faunic said, “Go on, Dester. Say something funny.”
“Why do you feel you need to be doing business with this hippo?”
Faunic's eyes filled with terror. “I am so sorry, Master Delmis.”
“Sorry for what? Hippos are adorable creatures, don't you think?”
“Well... yes. I suppose they are.”
“Suppose, nonsense. They are. I will tell you what, Faunic. I will arrange one such traveling game on a trial basis.”
“That would be fantastic, Master Delmis.”
“Fantastic? You haven't yet heard my terms.”
“Please continue.”
“All profits from this trial will go directly to me. That includes monies from concessions at your arenas and from advertising and sponsorship as well. If those profits are determined to be big enough to share, we will negotiate a larger contract.”
Faunic smiled. “Your terms are most generous, Master.”
“I have one additional demand that will close this deal. You will loan out your personal slave to me for the duration of this initial contract. If he is as entertaining as you say, he will be returned. If not, he goes into my games.”
Faunic returned a look of concern. “Your games? He's a unique servant, Master Delmis. I should want him returned if he cannot win your favor. He has already won mine. I fear I may not be able to find another quite like him.”
“He's a slegg, Faunic. And this is a deal-breaker if you choose to deny me.”
Dester stood. “You don't have to take this from that overgrown, pus-filled fangule, Master.”
Faunic looked on in horror.
Delmis furrowed his brows as if angry, and then bellowed out a laugh. “Fangule, I like it. Perhaps you are right, Faunic. Maybe I could use one of these personal entertainment slaves.”
“I will be on the hunt for one for you personally. As I indicated, I would like mine back if possible.”
“We'll see when the time comes. For now, your time is up. Send me a list of available arenas and available dates for a traveling show. I'll get back to you within a week with our first effort.”
Faunic stood, looking back at Dester. “You stay here for now. Do everything for Master Delmis that you would have done for me. He is your new temporary owner.”
Dester looked at the two-hundred-kilogram alien standing in front of Faunic. “You're leaving me with that freak? What if he eats me?”
Delmis roared in laughter. “Don't worry, slave. I've had Human before. Too gamey for my taste. And you look to be old. Probably too tough as well.”
“I'll show you how tough I am when I punch your little beady teeth into the back of your head.”
Delmis grinned. “Faunic, really. This is too much. I have a dinner party this evening. I can't wait to bring him out to insult my guests.”
Dester looked at his former owner. “You… loser. Hit the trails. Master Delmis has business to deal with.”
Faunic bowed as he left the room.
Jim stood from polishing a floor when Faunic walked up the ramp. “Master, what happened to Dester?”
“I was bullied out of him by Master Delmis, that's what.”
“Bullied, Master?”
“What? Are all you Humans talking now?”
“We've always talked, Master. You just never listened.”
Faunic scowled. “Stick with your floor polishing, slave. You do not have the wit of my Dester.”
“My apologies, Master.”
“You see? Right there Dester would have added an insult. I miss him already.”
Faunic gave Jim a good whack with his open palm before pointing back at the floors. “Stick with what you are good at. I otherwise have no use for you.”
“Why don't you go shove yourself out of an airlock?”
“Hmm, no. The humor seems too forced.”
Faunic moved on to his chambers. Jim looked down at his camera and shrugged.
The next week saw Dester Marr tearing it up in the upper circles of the Talion District. Delmis took him everywhere. Dester obliged by insulting every alien he came in contact with. Shocked faces were followed by disbelief and then acceptance. Slave sellers were now receiving orders for “funny” or “smartass” Humans. Neither of which they had available.
Unfortunately, as a direct consequence of the entertainment value Dester had brought to his new master, no business was being conducted. No information was being gained.
Back on Yore, Master Aurin was scrambling to undo the failings of the businesses under his care. A new, more spacious and comfortable hover-taxi was hitting the markets under a manufacturing deal between Hallik and Snooka, coupled with a media campaign by Thelm. Tamia had been recalled from Masterette Thock and inserted on the Aurin shuttle as a personal slave to the governor. Her antics, while appreciated by others, were failing to cheer up an ever frustrated Aurin.
“Master, I believe the blue tunic with the yellow sash to be a strong beacon of your command.”
“How is this going to change any dynamic? My businesses are crumbling. I'm about to lose the governorship.”
“Which is why you must project power and resolve, Master. It's why the people have had respect for you for so long.”
“Blue and yellow? Isn't that the colors the sleggs are wearing in this weekend’s games?”
“It is. And by showing that you have no fear, you will only gain respect.”
“Hmm, I don't know that I like having a slave who reasons.”
“I apologize, Master. My only desire is to serve you in the best capacity I can.”
“And I wish you'd quit making fun of my business associates. I know they are laughing on the outside, but I'm almost certain some are offended. It makes me seem both crass and arrogant that I would allow a slave to say such.”
“Sometimes following a trend can be helpful, Master. It lets others know you are in touch with the people you're governing.”
Aurin scowled as the blue tunic was buttoned up the front. “I was never fond of this color. I'm not fond of it now.”
“You are the governor of Betuaon, Master. It's true that some business dealings of late have gone bad. It happens from time to time, but showing yourself as weak and fearful only feeds the narrative of your adversaries... that it may be time for a new governor.”
Aurin growled and pushed Tamia away. “Enough. It's time to go. Bring the sash. You can place it on me on the way there.”
“Very well. What is this event we're attending?”
“This is the annual election of the governor. I've managed to stave off Thelm by a quarter percentage point, which is adequate to gain me another year as governor. That should be sufficient time to reverse this disastrous trend.”
“I have full confidence you will make that happen, Master. What initiatives are you taking?”
“There will be a 2 percent increase in vegetable pricing from my farms, and a new larger and even more luxurious hover-taxi from my factories. And I have word of traveling games becoming popular. It gives the people variety. I'll be instituting a mix of those across my arenas over the coming months. The variety allows a price premium to the normal viewings, and the people seem to be accepting of that in other states.”
Bersa smiled. “She walks him right into giving up his strategies. Within a month, those will all be failing.”
Hallik sat beside her on a couch in the lounge on Beta Station. “Everything hinges on tonight's vote, Bersa. If we've managed to sway enough support to Thelm's side, we might just be rid of Aurin. We can't afford to have him standing in our way for another year.”
“With the information Tamia is providing, I don't see how we can lose.”
“We can lose because Thelm has not yet surpassed him. I don't like being dependent on chance, Bersa. We should have locked up the governorship by now. I fear we may be moving too slow with our efforts.”
A comm came in to Hallik. “Master, there has been another sighting of the mystery ship. This time at DAO2456. Our passive sensor there recorded the ship landing, and a pair of Humans walking into the food hut.”
Bersa stood. “Humans? With a ship?”
Hallik waved his hand with a lack of concern. “They may just be slaves of whoever is planting that virus.” Hallik spoke into his comm. “Were you able to stop the farmers before they got back from the fields?”
“No, Master. It's too early to tell, but they did all consume the food before our team arrived. We have what remains. But the entire village has been fed.”
“Keep them quarantined. We can't allow this to spread, or even for word to get out. If it is an outbreak, move them all to the mountain facility. I'll be by tomorrow to discuss what we'll do from there.”
The comm closed.
“Humans, Master? Are you certain they are not acting on their own? Our team can pilot a shuttle, so it is possible.”
Hallik shook his head. “You are ignoring the most obvious possibility, Bersa.”
“What would that be, Master?”
“I'm certain you heard the rumors about a small contingent of Humans who escaped the empire when they were first overthrown.”
“What intelligence officer wouldn't know that? You don't believe that is what we're dealing with here, do you?”
“Very doubtful, but possible.”
“There hasn't been a report about them in more than a century. Last I knew, they were rumored to have either died off or moved out further away into the stars.”
“Again, all we have is rumors, Bersa. If they did travel out to the stars, who's to say they haven't come back? And who's to say this virus isn't their doing?”
“This is troubling. How would you stop such an attack when you can barely detect their ship?”
“We have just detected their ship, Bersa. The question is what do we do from here?”
“We capture them.”
“You believe they possess only a single ship? That would seem rather naive. What if they have a hundred such ships?”
“Then capture them all, Master.”
“I don't believe we have the means to do so.”
“No, we don't. But this is something bigger than our attempt to take the governorship. We should notify the district authorities.”
Hallik smirked. “And have them send their people down here to snoop? No thank you. We have to handle this on our own, Bersa. Remember, a master is already dead, and another a convicted and terminated conspirator. They will be livid if they discover neither incident was reported.”
Hallik stood.
Bersa asked, “Where are you going?”
“To vote for a new governor. Let's hope this all goes our way.”

Chapter   27
_______________________

Hallik sat in a box seat that had been leased by Thelm. Five of the eight masters of Betuaon now had Human slaves following them around. The main arena in the capital city was jam-packed with dignitaries and wealthy business owners. Nearly forty thousand had earned the right to vote on the new governor.
After a handful of presentations, celebratory games were held down on the arena floor. At the conclusion of one such traveling game, Aurin made his presence known. Jeering followed him out to the podium that jutted over the floor, forty meters in the air. The onlookers took in the revolting sight of his blue tunic and yellow sash, colors generally only worn by sleggs.
Aurin spoke. “My citizens… citizens of Betuaon State, we have had another auspicious year under my continued strong leadership. Wages have increased, as has accrued time off. I'm here today to announce a new state-wide holiday.”
Hallik grumbled. “Why didn't we have word of this? He's buying votes. This is an outrage.”
The announcement drew a growing applause, followed by cheers. A twenty-meter-tall banner of Aurin unfurled behind him.
“I know there have been many rumors about my financial demise. I am here to tell you they are false. On this day, our day of voting for a new governor, I still maintain a wealth lead over my opponent.” Aurin pointed to a box seat in the stands. “My opponent, Master Thelm of the House of Thelm.”
Sporadic jeers and boos followed.
“I am here to say the losses I suffered have shown up as gains for Master Thelm. I will be calling for an investigation into these dealings by my district associate, Masterette Thock, fifth in line for the governorship of all Talion.” Murmurs of shock rolled through the crowd as a polite applause was returned.
Thelm joined Hallik. “What is happening? What is he doing?”
“He's putting an end to your run for governorship. My guess is the next words out of his mouth will be about the Wilcer conspiracy.”
“My Betuaon Citizens, I am here to tell you about another conspiracy. As you all know, Masterette Wilcer was tried, convicted, and terminated. What you didn't know was all of the evidence against her was presented to me by Master Thelm. I now believe his witness to be false.”
Thelm began to shake. “What's he doing? That is a lie? Wilcer was conspiring against him.”
Hallik said, “Did he mention the extra holiday to you?”
“Yes, he did. But what does that have to do with this conspiracy?”
“You made no attempt to block the holiday, did you?”
“Why would I?”
“Because it's against the laws of the state, and has to be verbally approved by five of the eight masters. You gave your approval, so there must be three others. With that vote, he knew he could buy the vote of the public. What he also knew was that you would soon overtake his wealth. I'm betting your business affairs manager has already had a half-dozen calls wanting to end any number of contracts. Aurin is planning to take you down.”
“How do we stop this?”
“As long as he's alive and out there turning the crowd, we can't. You need to go around and demand an audience. Deny these rumors and tell the truth. That should neutralize whatever he says until an investigation can be done.”
A comm came in from Bersa. “A comm just came in from Martin. He has been pulled. Thock is completely unaware of any conspiracy. Aurin is using this to sway the upcoming vote.”
Hallik nodded. “Thank you, Bersa.”
Hallik turned. “Master Thelm, I have a plan. We turn Aurin's plan against him.”
“How?”
“You go out and say that Master Delmis, third in line for the Talion District, has also been notified, and that the conspiracy is not of your doing, but Aurin's, in a criminal attempt to keep the governorship.”
“I've never spoken with Master Delmis.”
“Doesn't matter. All that matters here today is this vote. If Aurin wins, you lose no matter what. He will have control of the state resources, including the state intelligence service. They will see to it you are tried, convicted, and terminated. If we win, we control the game, and we can have the same done to Aurin.”
“This is far more than I was prepared to deal with today, Master Hallik.”
Jamus asked, “Are you not a strong, and wise, and brilliant leader? Are you not an adept decision maker? Do you not treat everyone fairly?”
“Well… yes. I suppose I am all those things.”
“Then the people of Betuaon State need you—no, they deserve you. Follow the astute advice of Master Hallik. Go up on that podium and defend your name.”
“Do you truly think that to be best, Jamus?”
“You are my master. How could I not?”
Thelm stood. Escorted by his personal slave, he made his way around to the doorway leading out to the podium walkway.
Tamia was waiting as her master secured his vote. “This is messed up. I had no hint of any of this coming. He hasn't mentioned it to anyone, at least not while I was present.”
Thelm shook his head. “I can't go out there. He is the governor. It's his word against mine. He knows everything I know.”
Jamus replied, “He doesn't know about Master Delmis.”
“That's because Master Delmis knows nothing of any of this.”
“It doesn't matter. He will know. And if Thock has a deal with Aurin, we will make certain we have one with Delmis.”
Thelm let out a long breath. “I'm sorry, Jamus. I'm not cut out for this type of confrontation. I cannot give a speech without having a prompter and having practiced it. Especially not something of this import.”
Tamia stared down the walkway with a scowl. “He wins and this is all over.”
Jamus asked, “How do we stop it?”
Tamia gave him a quick hug. “We all knew we might have to one day make sacrifices, right?”
“What are you planning?”
Thelm looked at his slave. “What is she referring to?”
Jamus shrugged. “Not sure.”
Tamia turned and sprinted toward her new master. Jamus wanted to run after her, but knew he would not have the time to catch her. As Aurin continued to make his accusations, she reached the podium, pulled him to the side, and flung him over the edge of the walk.
The startled governor made a grab, getting one hand on the steel rail that ran the length of the overwalk.
Aurin yelled, “What are you doing?”
Tamia leaned over him as she pried at his fingers. “I'm freeing all Humans.”
“I demand you pull me back up!”
Tamia grinned as she released a second finger. “Sorry, Governor. You're wearing blue and yellow. That's the color of a slegg. You belong down there on that floor.”
A hushed murmur fell over the crowd as his last finger was plucked free. The brightly dressed governor of Betuaon State fell forty meters to the gaming floor below, impaling on a fence post as he landed, his body twisted and broken.
Tamia stared back down the walkway at Jamus as a half-dozen guards forced their way around him. As they closed on her location, her grin turned to an expression of having to accept the inevitable. She turned and stepped up to the podium.
“Should I jump?”
The murmurs of the crowd changed to applause, which then turned to cheers, and then chants of “Jump! Jump! Jump!”
Tamia lowered her shoulder as if to run toward the approaching guards, freezing them in their tracks. She again turned, this time running and hopping up onto the steel rail in front of the podium. The crowd worked themselves into a frenzy as she pumped her fist into the air.
They chanted “Jump! Jump! Jump!”
Hallik came to a stop behind Jamus and Thelm. “Master Thelm, this is your opportunity. Take it.”
“Take what?”
Tamia glanced back down the walkway.
“Go out there. Encourage her to jump. Give the crowd what they want. You will be cheered and the governorship will be yours.”
“What? Take favor of this tragedy?”
“The only tragedy here is you not wanting to take advantage. Don't you see, if you end this, you take control of any investigation. Aurin's conspiracy will come back to implicate Aurin, which it should. You know the truth. You see what's happening here before you. Get out there and take control. Be the governor!”
Jamus nodded. “He's right. You are brilliant and you are deserving. The people want you. You only need show leadership for a moment.”
Hallik said, “Walk out. Gesture for her to jump. I'll follow and make sure the crowd is turned in the right direction. Go! Call the guards back.”
Thelm took a deep breath. Walking down the ramp, he gestured for the guards to leave the walkway. Seconds later, he was standing at the podium as Tamia rammed her fist into the air in sync with the callings of the crowd.
Thelm leaned close to the mic. “Jump.”
Tamia nodded, turned to face the crowd, and then dove. Her body hit the arena floor and the crowd screamed out in elation. Jamus closed his eyes in reflective thought as Hallik made his way out to the podium. Thelm stepped to the side.
Hallik cleared his throat. “Citizens of Betuaon State, I hope you have enjoyed today's thrilling and memorable entertainment. After a consultation with governor Aurin this morning, a consultation in which he was confronted with the facts of his own conspiracy to terminate Masterette Wilcer, it was decided that he would go out in just the way you witnessed. He would set the tone, and his personal slave would end it. I have to say, the rail hanging by him certainly added drama, don't you think?”
The crowd returned a confused but accepting applause.
“This leaves us with a position to be filled. I would like to present to you the new wealthiest citizen of Betuaon, a Talion with a family of history, a person of honesty and integrity, a brilliant businessman, and the master that I believe you will elect as your new governor! Master Thelm of the House of Thelm!”
The crowd's applause turned into cheers.
“And now, in keeping with the purpose of this gathering, I would like to put the governorship to a vote. Please make your selection from the top eight names that now appear on your monitors. You have thirty seconds.”
Thelm leaned in. “What are you doing?”
Hallik smiled. “Making you governor.”
“I haven't prepared anything to say.”
“Just say thank you.”
“Thank you, Master Hallik.”
Hallik chuckled. “Don't thank me, thank them, after they vote.”
The tally on the main display showed thirty-nine thousand, nine hundred ninety-nine to zero. Master Thelm of the House of Thelm was the new governor of Betuaon State. The crowd applauded as Hallik stepped away from the mic for the new governor to make his acceptance speech.
Thelm stood looking out at the crowd for most of a minute until the applause had fallen off and the entire arena was silent. He leaned into the mic. “Thank you.”
A tepid applause turned into a standing applause and then a roaring crowd.
Hallik stepped up to the mic. “Let the celebration continue with more games!”
A group of twenty Humans were shoved into the arena at one end. At the other, a hundred hungry crocodiles were released all at once. A moving wall behind the sleggs pushed the group toward the hungry animals. Crowds bet on the numbered humans as they scrambled to find a way out of their predicament.
Hallik walked back to a dejected Jamus as Thelm remained out at the podium to watch from his perch directly above the arena floor.
He took hold of Jamus' shoulder as he passed. “A most honorable sacrifice. She had all Humans in mind when she made her decision.”
Jamus frowned as he nodded. “Doesn't make it any easier.”
A week had passed since Tamia Brown had given her life. Out of concern for the team, all except Jamus were recalled. His position with the governor was crucial, and provided the team with a wealth of knowledge about the other masters, both of Betuaon State and the Talion District. Governor Thelm was all smiles.
The team gathered back at Beta Station. A short memorial service was held for their fallen teammate. Somehow, Hallik had managed to recover Tamia’s body. She was buried at the secret facility on Caloran, alongside the grave of Greta Bachran.
Bersa stood before them. “We are working on new placements for each of you. Each has performed admirably with the knowledge you have returned making the risks you've taken worthwhile. We are all extremely saddened by the loss of Tamia, but that loss was of her own choice. It furthered the cause, giving us a strong hold on Betuaon State and on the governor himself. Master Hallik has now moved into the second position.”
Martin asked, “The new placements, will they be similar to what we've been doing?”
“Inevitably some will, but as of this meeting, no. We will be dropping back to some of our original assignment types. You will be placed on factories and farms, positions where we can gain advantage over those businesses, make trade deals, buy businesses, or deprive those entities of the profits they need to thrive and stay alive.”
Grumbles went around the room.
Bersa held up a hand. “I know it seems like a setback, but it's not. We're now moving up to the district level. The stakes are bigger. The masters are wealthier and more powerful, most being governors of states.”
Jim said, “Won't these assignments carry a higher risk? The shuttle jobs were relatively easy. With these we'll be returning to physical work.”
“Possibly, but not necessarily. As an example, some Humans are simply used as messengers for documents. The only real physicality is with walking from one point to another. And there will be one other type of assignment. Back on our own farms.”
“What would we be doing there?” Kerena asked.
“We've come across what we believe to be a possible pattern of viral infections. Kerena, you, Martin, and Jim will be given farming assignments. And don't worry, your output will only have to meet minimum requirements. While on those farms, you will be there as a liaison should the Human craft return. Try to make contact if possible. Find out who they are.”
“So you can turn them in?”
“On the contrary, so we can partner with them. If we can convince them that our way is the best path to freedom for all Humans, perhaps they can work with us, freeing up resources when we need them. Believe me, the time will come when we need a lot.”
“How so?”
“The sector governors control the military. Should the military be used against us, we have no method of defending ourselves. Free Humans, trained and armed Humans, might be required. We'll be doing everything we can, taking every precaution to not fall into that scenario, but we have to be realistic that it is a possibility. We will want to have a plan in place should that come to pass.”
Bersa took a seat and turned back toward the main display. “Now, until Master Hallik's team has our assignments, we'll be monitoring the cameras each of you placed at your prior assignments, and we'll be watching Jamus as he continues to manipulate the governor.”
The image from Jamus' camera feed showed a naked governor Thelm receiving his bi-daily scrubdown.
“Governor, have you ever thought of getting your hair colored?”
“For what purpose?”
“For the purpose of being different, unique, recognizable.”
“Recognizable? How so?”
“Most of you Talions are a strict gray, with a handful of you instead having bright white fur. I know those are only the most senior of you, but are they not distinguished? Does not everyone recognize them?”
“I suppose. What are you suggesting?”
“Start a new trend. Open dying salons on every colony. Add some pop to every Talion out there... greens, reds, purples, blacks. You could even add stripes or patterns, even images. You could even do so for Brekans and their white fur.”
“Images? Such as?”
“I can think of at least one that would be of benefit to you. What would you think of citizens walking around with dyed images of their governor on their chest or back?”
“Of me? For what purpose?”
“To show their appreciation and support. You'd be the envy of all the governors. If you were able to start a strong enough trend, imagine the franchise fees you could charge in each of the other states and districts, even sectors.”
“Hmm. Interesting, but I'm not so certain it will work. Talions strive to be like other Talions. We pride ourselves in not only looking the same, but behaving the same. Dying one's fur would be like making a statement that says that individual doesn't want to belong, or doesn't care.”
Bersa rubbed her chin. “I don't buy for a minute the Talions taking to that sort of behavior. As Thelm says, they strive to all be alike. What purpose would having the Talions go against their norms serve? Let alone Brekans.”
“Division,” said Dester. “They are stronger and more easily directed by their government when they look alike and act alike. Get them looking different and behaving like individuals and they will soon be rebelling against their government and everyone they know, or at least some of them will be. Could be a nice distraction for us if the government has other issues it has to deal with.”
Daniel came rolling in. “He's right. I've been reading about this in the Human archives. It's called a divide and conquer strategy. Another way to do this would be to set up situations that pit one species against another. If the empire is in chaos, we have a better chance of going unnoticed.”
Daniel wheeled himself to the front of the class. “With you all out having all your fun, I've been studying up on the data in the archives Bersa stole, or appropriated, or whatever you want to call it. All that Master Hallik has done to get us this far has been by his direction. It's time the rest of us began contributing ideas to this revolution, aside from what Jamus has done of course, and what Greta and Tamia sacrificed. Let's make the legends of Human dominance come true.”
Bersa smiled and nodded. “Excellent. My faith in the lot of you grows with each and every day. You are all fully committed. You don't fight each other, you don't balk or complain. In fact, I rarely hear a grumble from any of you. All of this tells me one thing, it's time we let the Human revolution begin, right here, right now. One day, when you win your freedom—you will all become legends.”

~~~~~

What's Next?
_______________________

This Human is asking for your help! If you enjoyed this book, please leave a review on the site where it was purchased. And by all means, please tell your friends! Any help with spreading the word is highly appreciated! Find out when the next exciting release is available by joining the email list at comments@arsenex.com. I have a free science fiction eBook short story, titled “THE SQUAD”, waiting for anyone who sends an email to that address. Visit the author’s website at www.arsenex.com for links to this series and other works.
The following preview of the next book in the series is provided for your reading pleasure. I hope you enjoy!

Stephen

(Turn the page)


(Preview)
FREEDOM
(Vol. 2)
Agenda
_______________________

Among the Talions and Brekans, multicolored fur had become all the rage, so much so that similar trends had begun among three of the five species. Governor Thelm's wealth had grown significantly. After a short investigation into Aurin's trial of Wilcer turned up evidence that Aurin had tried her in an attempt to keep her from winning the governorship, all of Aurin's wealth had been forfeited to the House of Thelm. Aurin's son, the new Aurin, now worked the counter at a Thelm dye parlor. After the family disgrace, he was happy to have the work.
Jamus continued shadowing Governor Thelm. His wisdom and comedy had the new governor continuously laughing, and positioned as a rising star. He was the invite of every gathering of relevance in the Talion District. It seemed everyone liked the new governor and his talking personal slave. Something that had previously been a great taboo was continuing to gain in popularity.
Hallik joined the others as they were taking a break in the lounge. He brought another Human with him. “I have great news. My team has worked up new assignments for each of you. And you will be getting a new team member, Lisa Mulato. Most of you know her from DOA2456. She was among the group infected by the virus all at once a few months ago. She'll be staying here at Beta Station to assist Bersa. Daniel, please come in.”
Still the youngest member of the team, he wheeled himself in with a grin.
“Daniel,” said Hallik, “making use of the archives, has resurrected a Human technology for our use. It's a medical implant that will be placed under the skin behind each ear. It will be connected to your ear canal and allow us to communicate with you from here. Only audio of course, but you will now be getting commands—suggestions would be a better term—while in the field as we watch and listen on the monitors here on the station.”
Martin nodded. “That will be helpful. I often don't know if what I'm doing out there is constructive.”
Daniel said, “I've had a pair inserted myself. Look, you can't even see the scars. And what's cool is I can access my comm and listen without everyone else getting to listen to my conversation. If I talk, they'll hear me, but I can get instructions without anyone ever noticing. For you, it will be tied into your camera feeds, so you won't be in need of a comm for us to talk to you.”
“When can we have these?”
“Today,” said Hallik. “After I finish here, you will each be receiving yours. I mentioned assignments. As expected, Jamus will remain where he is. Mr. Gecka will be going to a mine on Breenlok. We suspect some form of illegal automation is going on there. Kerena will be on a shuttle, this time as a personal assistant to Masterette Yomalat. Dester and Jim will each be heading to a farm on Caloran. These two farms are the expected next targets of the mystery ship.”
Dester asked, “And what do we do if they show?”
“You'll each be made the cook and village handyman. You'll remain there while the others are out in the field. If the ship shows, you will make contact. Let them know we are out here and what our plan is. We want to convince them to assist us. We have resources and information they can use. They will have the same for us. We should coordinate our efforts.”
“And if they say no?”
“Then we keep trying.”
Dester smirked. “We should do something insane. Something like making all of Caloran aware but keep them working as is so we don't draw attention. That's what, an army of ten million Humans? We could arm them too. Build factories to make weapons... the empire wouldn't even notice.”
Hallik slowly shook his head. “The scale would be more than we could control. There are multitudes of overseers there. We have freighter captains and crews—the entire supply infrastructure of the planet—they are all non-Human. I can control a select few who owe me credits. I can't control the entire citizen population of a planet, even one as insignificant as Caloran.”
“You expect our Human friends to just sit and wait?”
“Not at all. I expect them to make moves that help us along. As I've said before, there will come a time when we need multitudes of aware Humans. That time is not now, and it may be years away, but it will come. Having these people with quantities of the virus as allies will be crucial. And who knows, perhaps they will have other resources we can use as well.
“Now, the assignments for you and Jim are to make contact with them. The goal will be to set up a meeting where I can discuss our mission with them directly. They won't want to trust a Brekan, but they may trust a group of aware Humans who are working with one to free all Humans.”
Further details of the assignments were explained before everyone walked down to the medical labs. The insertion procedure was fast, and other than the pinprick of a local anesthetic, there was no pain. When they had returned to the lounge, an image of a naked Governor Thelm filled the display as he was fitted with a red tunic over his bronze-colored fur.
Jamus said, “Your presence is striking, Master. It is such a high honor to be near someone who is so popular with the people.”
“Yes. And I know I shouldn't feel this way, Jamus, but I feel I owe much of that popularity to your guidance. My dress, my speeches, even the color of my fur has come from your suggestions.”
“My efforts have only revealed the greatness that was already there, Governor.”
Thelm looked at himself in a mirror as his pants were fastened around his waist. “There's something I've been wanting to speak to you about, Jamus. Something important.”
“I am here and at your service, Governor.”
“These other two helpers. I can see it in their eyes and in their reactions to my commands. They are on the Shackle.”
Jamus stopped as he tugged on the tunic. “Master?”
“You are aware, Jamus. I've known this for quite some time. You are not on Shackle.”
“Master, I don't—“
Thelm smiled. “You can relax. Your secret is safe with me. So long as you keep doing what you're doing, I don't care if you're secretly eating Talion babies. It is you who have elevated me to this position. It is your suggestions on dress and speech that have me frequenting the district’s biggest events. It has been your suggested business moves that have me rolling in credits.”
“I don't know what to say, Master.”
Thelm turned. “I would tell you to drop the use of master as we both know I'm not your master, but I believe we need to keep up our appearances. Having an aware Human is highly illegal. And having one as a friend is like blasphemy.”
“I don't know what to say... Master.”
“If you value our lives, and if you value our friendship, just keep doing what you've been doing and saying. You've given my life meaning. You've made the House of Thelm more popular than it has been in a thousand years. I feel as though I am living a dream, Jamus, a dream that I never want to end.”
“Governor, I think we have a long way to go with both your elevation and wealth. Nothing would make me happier than to see you elevated all the way to emperor.”
Thelm smirked. “Emperor. Now who is the dreamer, Jamus? Why would you even try to make such an effort?”
“Because you are a just leader. You don't mistreat your slaves. And because all of this has been a thrill for me as well. But mostly because I now see you as a friend too. And there's nothing I won't do for a friend I believe in. Except for killing Humans—please don't ask me to participate in that in any way.”
Thelm smiled. “I will honor that request, Jamus.”
Thelm turned back to the mirror for a final look. “Stunning. Let's go, Jamus.”
“Where are we going today, Governor?”
“To the top, Jamus. All the way to the top.”
A comm came in to Hallik as he stood in the lounge with the others. “Master, we have a problem. There are more than six hundred miners at a single mine on Gatemon who have come down with black-colon. The mine belongs to Montat, so it isn't under our control.”
The informer was thanked and the comm closed.
“I have to get to Jamus,” said Hallik. “This could be disastrous. Six hundred miners all becoming aware. We need to have Thelm on top of this and keeping it from public knowledge. For those of you with orders, I will have a shuttle here for you later. Bersa, get Lisa trained as much as you can. Mr. Pike, just keep doing what you're doing. These implants will be of tremendous value.”
Hallik waddled away. A minute later, the indicator showed his shuttle lifting out of the bay. On the display wall, Thelm was sitting in the lounge of his shuttle with Jamus seated in another chair.
A comm came in from Hallik. “Governor, we have something urgent I need to speak with you about.”
“I'll be at a celebration in my honor on Tatemus II. I won't be back until late this evening. We can get together in the morning.”
“Governor, this requires immediate attention. Please wait on the tarmac there on Tatemus. I need five minutes of your time.”
“Five minutes, Hallik, no more. I don't want to be late to an event when I'm the guest of honor.”
The shuttles each landed fifteen minutes later. Hallik hurried across the tarmac and up the ramp onto the Voluntra.
An irritated Governor Thelm sat with a scowl. “What could possibly be so important, Hallik?”
“We have a situation developing on Gatemon. Six hundred miners have been infected with the black-colon virus.”
“Is it one my mines?”
“No.”
“Yours?”
“No. The mine belongs to Montat.”
“Then I don't see how sick miners is a critical issue for me. You're wasting my time with a matter that can easily be resolved in the morning.”
“No, Governor, it can't. Black-colon is the virus that makes Humans aware.”
“The black what?”
“The illness the miners have, they will all become immune to Shackle.”
Thelm turned to face Jamus. “Is this what happened to you?”
Jamus nodded.
Thelm scratched one of his droopy ears in thought. “Hmm, perhaps this is an opportunity.”
Hallik asked, “For what?”
“I'll let you in on a secret, Hallik. Jamus here... he's aware. And many of the masters have been clamoring for a personal slave like I have. Perhaps we should purchase these ill slaves and turn them into personal slaves for the other masters. That might be a very profitable enterprise.”
“Except for one huge issue. It's highly illegal. What do you think the other governors would say if they knew Jamus was aware? That he's no longer addicted? I’ll tell you what they would say... they would say it was time Governor Thelm was terminated, and all the wealth of the House of Thelm confiscated. Not reporting an aware Human is a high crime.”
Thelm began to squirm in his chair. “Jamus? You generally have a useful suggestion. What can you add?”
“I think revealing these aware Humans gets them killed, gets you killed, and gets me killed. I would want to listen to Master Hallik to see if he has a solution.”
Thelm looked at Hallik. “Well?”
“We need to purchase the mine from Montat. No matter the cost, although it may come at a decent price with a bunch of sick miners. So we buy it and then work on a containment strategy. If we can keep this quiet, we might just be able to make it go away.”
“Why haven't I heard of this black-colon before?”
“The powers above us want to keep it quiet. But I don't know who or how far up. If we attempt to contact anyone about this, we run the risk of exposing ourselves. And I can assure you, that would not end well for any of us.”
Thelm said, “I'm sending you an authorization code that will allow the purchase of the mine. I have this event to attend. Do what you need to do to keep this under wraps, Master Hallik.”
Thelm turned back toward his slave, “Jamus, can Master Hallik be trusted?”
“I don't think we have a choice, but from all I've seen of his activities, yes, I believe he can be trusted to do what's right.”
“You've shown good judgment up until now, Hallik. And you've been a good friend and advisor. Handle this properly and I will find a way to reward you.”
Thelm stood. “Come, Jamus. We have a crowd to wow.”
The governor of Betuaon and his personal Human companion left the shuttle as Hallik walked back toward his own.
Bersa came over the comm. “Master, tell us what we can do from here. Will you need ships to collect those who are infected?”
“Let's wait until I get there to make that decision. We need to know the full situation.”
“Just to let you know, the others are now away. Each is settling into their assignments and I have no issues to report.”
“Excellent. Keep me informed. Be ready to assist if called upon.”
“As you request, Master.”
The Greft lifted from the tarmac and was soon settling on a new one at the infected Gatemon mine. Several heavy smoke trails lifted into the sky.
A comm was opened to Master Montat. “This is Master Hallik. Are you on Gatemon?”
“I am.”
“At your mine?”
“Yes.”
“I'm on the tarmac. Could you have an escort meet me? I'd like to talk about what we have here today.”
“Someone will be there momentarily.”
Minutes later, Hallik walked into an office where a smiling Montat was seated. “What can I help you with today, Master Hallik? I presume you're here at the bidding of the governor?”
“Perhaps. Tell me about the current situation.”
“There's no situation. It's been taken care of.”
“The illness of your slaves?”
“No longer a problem.”
Hallik furrowed his brows. “How could it not be?”
“You saw the smoke from the pyres. It's not difficult to figure out.”
“You killed them?”
“Terminated. Just as we have the right to do with any sick slave. I'll admit to the number of slaves being a setback. But the situation is now under control.”
“Are you aware that such incidents are to be reported?”
“These are slaves—my slaves. I don't see where termination is anyone's concern but mine.”
“And just how are you going to log the termination of six hundred ill slaves without calling attention to you not properly reporting this?”
Montat leaned forward. “You've been good to me since my initial downturn, Hallik. Are you saying you're going to turn me in for such a minor infraction? A technicality, really?”
“I'm saying you may have made a grand mistake, Montat. Terminating those slave and burning the corpses... how do you know you aren't just spreading that virus, whatever it is, through the smoke? How many miners are here at this complex?”
“Maybe ten thousand?”
“How do you know you didn't just infect ten thousand miners with this stunt? And any others who may breathe in that smoke as it spreads. What if this is the start of an epidemic?”
Montat returned a look of concern. “I guess none of that had occurred to me. I can have the pyres put out immediately.”
Hallik stood staring at him for several seconds. “How much is this mine worth, Master Montat?”
“What?”
“Given the circumstance, what would you place on it as a fair value?”
“Hmm. I don't know. Maybe... twelve to fifteen million credits? It's a relatively new mine with an expected very large ore deposit.”
“I've been authorized to give you the lower of the two figures. Take it, collect your senior staff, and leave the premises immediately. And do not mention this incident to anyone or I'll be forced to report you for termination.”
“What if I don't want to sell?”
“Then I report you as-is. And you will of course be terminated because you have violated a main directive when it comes to dealing with Humans. What if your fires here have spread this pestilence to the rest of Gatemon? And what if it then escapes this planet and spreads to others? Do you want to be known as the person who made all Humans aware?”
“Aware?”
“A possible side effect of this virus. Humans are made immune to Shackle.”
“Why weren't we told of this?”
Hallik sighed. “Because the emperor and the sector governors don’t want it to be known. Imagine the public panic over such rumors, and the economic disaster that would follow.”
Montat thought for a moment. “Hmm. I understand. Very well. Gatemon M414 is yours, Master Hallik. My people will be gone within the hour.”
“Remember, not a word of this to anyone. If word gets out of this incident, this entire planet will be quarantined and every sector and district inspector on this side of the empire will be out here snooping around.”
“What of it spreads through the smoke?”
“If that happens, there's nothing we can do about it. Just hope it doesn't.” Hallik looked down at his comm. “The funds should be in your account, Montat. Leave... now.”

~~~~~

Once again, this Human is asking for your help! If you enjoyed the book, please leave a review on the site where it was purchased or downloaded. And by all means, please tell your friends! Any help with spreading the word is highly appreciated!
Also, I have a free science fiction eBook short story, titled “THE SQUAD”, waiting for anyone who joins my email list! By joining, also find out when the next exciting release is available. Join at comments@arsenex.com. Visit the author’s website at www.arsenex.com for links to this series and other works!

Take care and have a great day!
Stephen
