Future Imperfect

Short Stories By
Cassidy Raine Wolters, Jon Flushing, Doug Ward, Jerry Clark, B.C. Richards, Leonard Herrington, Scott Lee, April Ward, Mark R. Hospodar Jr.

Copyright 2020
Cassidy Raine Wolters, Jon Flushing, Doug Ward, Jerry Clark, B.C. Richards, Leonard Herrington, Scott Lee, April Ward, Mark R. Hospodar Jr.

Smashwords Edition


Introduction

Who says that the future is always bright? The prospect of better things yet to come is most certainly an attractive thought, one that propels scientific, creative, and social advancement. It is an endeavor that drives humanity forward. But the future is vague and difficult to predict. Not everything turns out the way it is expected. In fact, it is oftentimes not always for the better. In this collection of futuristic tales, the highs and lows of humanity’s struggle to break the boundaries of what is possible are explored. You decide whether or not the sacrifices were worth it in the end. After all, the future is always bright, isn’t it?


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors.

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writers’ imaginations or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental.


Other fine books by these authors include:

Tales from the Grimacing Goblin
The Forging of the Ring
Tome of Terror


Table of Contents

It’s All Bunk Doug Ward

LORELAI Mark R. Hospodar Jr.

A Better World Cassidy Raine Wolters

Peace At Last Jon Flushing, Leonard Herrington, B.C. Richards

The Fall of Vasha April Ward

The Dark Tower Cassidy Raine Wolters

Not my Fault (An Idiots tale) Scott Lee

The Awakening Jerry Clark

Unseen World April Ward

Watching, Waiting Cassidy Raine Wolters

Want Some Candy? By Doug Ward

Brides & Grooms Cassidy Raine Wolters

About the Authors


Let the stories begin.


It’s All Bunk
Doug Ward

The Fayette County Fair was so picturesque.  The sounds of people screaming, as rickety rides twirled them about, added to the excitement of the hawkers calling out for suckers to try their shifty games.  I do not know why I loved to visit the fair year after year, but it drew me every time.  
As I walked up the midway, I noticed a hand-painted sign.  It’s faded, peeling paint announced Veritas the Witch.  I should have walked right on past, but for some reason, I stepped to the fore.  
An old woman sat in the booth selling spells and curses.  Another sign, sitting on the worn wood of the counter, said she would guess your occupation correctly or you would win a prize.  I watched as she looked deeply at the hands of a young man who had accepted her challenge.
Veritas manipulated his meaty paw, turning it over and tracing the lines with her boney, pointer finger. 
“We have a coal miner,” she announced.  
The man lowered his head and retreated from her booth in defeat.  
The skeptic in me goaded me forward and I looked into her aged, gray eyes and whispered, “Good guess.  Probably ninety percent of these men are coal miners.  You could most likely see the black residue under his nails.  It’s all bunk.”
“An unbeliever!” she announced to everyone who was nearby.  
“A realist,” I corrected, as a small group gathered close.
“And what would it take to make you see the truth Mr. De Murral?” she asked in a loud voice.
Great, she knew my name.  I’m a well-known, local scientist who has spoken out against the paranormal.  I had been in the paper and even published a book on the subject.  She had to know me from one of those.
“Good guess,” I conceded.  The crowd was eating it up.  Trying to think of a magic feat she could perform, I immediately remembered playing Dungeons and Dragons when I was young.  “Summon a demon,” I declared.
The crowd gasped at my words, but the old crone did not hesitate.  “That’s a very dangerous request,” she said while scratching her pointy chin with her long nails.  “I can’t endanger the crowd.  Meet me in my tent and I’ll prove my legitimacy.” 
The people behind me voiced their disappointment at not being included as I accepted her challenge.  
Her tent was very macabre, the outside being painted with imagery associated with her dark arts.  Inside, it was even more bazaar.  Glass jars and bottles held all sorts of strange and disturbing artifacts.  It reminded me of scenes from all of the old spooky movies I had seen in my youth.
“Nice place,” I joked as I moved through the dark, dreary interior.  “Can I have the name of your decorator?”
“I can assure you that it’s all quite real,” she mumbled as she sat at a small, round table in its center.  “Come and join me.”
I slowly moved forward across various rugs bearing ornate designs.  I recognized many pagan symbols adorning each before sitting in the chair she had indicated.  It was all part of the show, I assured myself as I wiggled on my seat.
“What, no crystal ball?” I asked, uncertain of what to expect next.
“This is a summoning,” she chided.  “There’s no need for such instruments in this instance.”
“Listen Veritas, we don’t have to go on with this charade,” I explained.  “I’ll let you off the hook.  I won't even publish anything about tonight.”
She stared at me with a growing toothy grin.  As she scratched her long, pointed nose, I thought she was considering my proposal.  
Then she emitted a low cackle as she pointed at me and said, “I’ve read many of your articles.”  
“Oh,” I moaned.  “I’m sorry if you didn’t find them to your liking.”
“They’ve brought much pain and anger to many of my sisters.”
This was becoming uncomfortable.  Here I was, about be confronted by one of the people I had spent so much time debunking.  I should have never accepted her offer.
“Once again, I’m sorry.  But I was just informing the gullible public about the fraud your kind perpetuate.”
“Fraud!” she hissed sharply.  “Those people you exposed aren’t my kind.  They’re leeches who use our name for their own gains.  They have no power.”
Choosing my words carefully, I continued, “And you are so different?  Using a simple process of deduction to guess someone’s occupation.  Telling a person what they want to hear and calling it their fortune.”
“Don’t associate me with those simpletons,” she said waiving a skeletal hand dismissively.
“Then why are you at a fair in a rundown booth.  If you have such arcane powers, why not use them to your advantage. Conjure a big house and vast riches.  Your very presence here proves that you have no powers.”
“It’s time I show you the truth,” she said with fire in her eyes.
Beginning to rise I proclaimed, “It’s time I was leaving.”
“So, you don’t want to know.”
Her words held me.  I was ready to leave, but for some reason, I held my ground.  
“Fine,” I said, dropping back into my seat, “summon me my demon.”
“As you wish,” she cooed.  
Immediately, the electric lights dimmed.  Candles lit as if by themselves.  Moans sounded all around as she began to chant.  
“Nice effects,” I mumbled.  “You’re going to have to do better than that.”
Veritas didn’t respond.  She maintained her rhythmic chanting, increasing her cadence every second.  I could feel the very air tingling with energy.  I could not figure out how she was doing it.  Lifting a corner of the table cloth, I checked for some mechanism producing the effects.  There was nothing there.
That’s when all of my Dungeons and Dragons experiences came to mind.  “If you’re summoning a demon, where’s the pentagram to contain it?”
As my last words left my lips, she suddenly brought her spell to its conclusion.
“It’s woven into the rug under your chair.”


LORELAI
Mark R. Hospodar Jr.

The throbbing in David’s head was relentless, like partygoers dancing the Charleston……except the band was playing well past after hours. At first, his vision was nothing more than a penumbra, but little by little the cloudiness in his eyes abated with each passing minute. His returning clarity made him aware of a cold wetness above his forehead and David realized that it was blood. A small pool of little droplets had accumulated in the sand beneath his face. Thousands of tiny whistles blared in his ears, throwing off his equilibrium as he tried to stand. David’s eyes had trouble focusing on anything for very long which only compounded the nausea building in his stomach. Nevertheless, he managed to shakily regain his footing by planting his feet in the soft sand.
The sound of fire crackling amidst electrical sparks caught David’s attention. He turned around and recognized the smoldering remains of his ship experiencing its final death throes. Despite the blazing inferno the name Odysseus was still visible alongside the hull in red paint. Soon enough, even that was reduced to blackened soot. A sharp pain arced through David’s head as if a railroad spike had burrowed itself into his brain as he tried to remember the sequence of events that brought him here. His mind refused to concentrate on anything long enough for him to come to grips with the situation. The agony was almost enough to render David unconscious, but he managed to steady himself in time before he lost his balance completely.
Lacking the mental faculties to formulate a viable plan David’s only course of action was to forge ahead. He needed to create some distance from the shattered husk of the Odysseus, which looked as if it might explode at any moment. The inferno raged unchecked and it was only a matter of time before the fuel tanks were breached. Mustering up his depleted strength David staggered forward like a drunk attempting to locate his car. Dust kicked up into the air marked his passing as he shambled his way over the rocky canyon. The blistering sun assaulted the back of his neck; sweat poured down his face and mixed with the trickling blood seeping down his forehead. He had no supplies to speak of, everything he had, or rather everything he thought he had, was burnt to a crisp.
David knew in the pit of his stomach that his odds for survival were dwindling rapidly. The heat was going to finish the job the crash had started. His legs wobbled with each successive step he took, indicating to his concussed brain that his legs were approaching their expiration date. Snapshot images of his daughter Sarah sporadically popped up in his mind before disappearing just as quickly. He was able to latch on to certain features, like her auburn hair or the freckles that were sprinkled across the bridge of her nose, but was unable to form a complete picture. The thought of dying without being able to remember what Sarah looked like hurt David more than his head wound. Tears welled up in his eyes and his throat clenched as he tried desperately to evoke a clear image of her, but to no avail. The booming drum rolls in his head would not allow it.
His body shuddered as if an earthquake had erupted inside him. Death’s door was now only a few blocks away and he knew it. He fell to his hands and knees and could only manage a slow, pitiful crawl. He found himself at the base of a small, rocky knoll. With his vision once again blackening David grasped the small stones peppered amongst the little hill and hauled his body over the top. He tumbled down the slope a few meters, the sharp rocks stabbing him in the elbows, knees, and back as he meekly tried to break his fall. When he finally came to a stop his body was spent. Not even the spirit was willing to continue the struggle. David, ever the pragmatist, bowed to the inevitable and accepted his sandy tomb. Once more, he tried to retain a coherent image of Sarah. Once more, he failed, glimpsing only a pair of dimples set in the corners of a strange, yet familiar face.
Like a ship slowly taking on water the darkness spread from the corners of his eyes until it finally engulfed his vision. As he turned his head away from the ball of fire in the sky, the last thing he saw was a speck of color not too far in the distance. It was a grayish, black rectangle, set prominently against the backdrop of the unending brown wasteland. Sunlight reflected off of what appeared to be windows. He thought it could have been some sort of structure, albeit an isolated one, but it didn’t matter. Nothing mattered anymore. At last, the band was packing up and going home. The void stole David’s eyes and all feeling left his body.
How long David spent lost in the swirling darkness, he could not say for certain. He only became aware of his returning consciousness when he felt the crushing weight dissipate from his eyelids. A few quick blinks wiped away the blurry miasma. The scene that greeted him was not at all what he expected. It looked to be a small, sparsely decorated dormitory built for a maximum of up to two people. Despite this, the cot David was laying on was the only one of its kind in the room. The walls were the color of snow, unadorned with neither posters nor even windows. A wooden nightstand stood to the left of his bed. Perched atop it was a dilapidated desk lamp which, despite appearances, still worked when David flipped the power on and off. A desk sat at the far end of the room with a plastic swivel chair tucked underneath it. The room itself was meticulously cleaned, lacking even a hint of dust on the furniture or floor, suggesting that somebody was maintaining the place with especial care.
David sat up at the edge of the bed and realized that the top of his head was wrapped in medical bandages. The ravaging earthquake that had scrambled his brains earlier had subsided, replaced by a dull ache that was much more manageable. His stomach violently lurched upwards when he realized he was wearing different clothes. His ragged, cut up garments had been swapped for a plain, grey jumpsuit that was a bit loose fitting on his body.
“I guess there’s gotta be other people here,” David said to himself. “Where even am I?”
He mustered enough strength to get to his feet and found that he was steady on his legs. David wondered how long he had been unconscious. A few hours? A couple days? Whatever the length of time the recuperation had clearly done him a world of good. Although still not quite fully healed, David felt energized again in a manner he didn’t think possible after his ordeal in the desert. He walked over to the door and tried the handle. It was locked. Anxiety was bubbling up in his chest. The people that found him had evidently helped him, but why was the door locked? David wondered what kind of people would even be living on this otherwise desolate world. If they weren’t friendly, they probably would have just let him die. Since he was a stranger to these people David assumed that they considered him to be potentially dangerous. After all, the space lanes could be a hostile place for the unwary voyager. Either way he needed answers sooner rather than later. He raised his voice to a shout.
“Hello! Is anyone else here? I’m awake now! Please, can you let me out!”
There was no answer from the other side of the door. In fact, everything was as silent as a graveyard in the early morning. Somebody had to be here, David thought.
“Look, I’m not dangerous! Okay? I know everybody must probably say that, but I’m not! I’m just a land surveyor! I was on my way home when my ship malfunctioned!”
David paused for a moment. He was relieved that he could remember those details seeing as how the last time he was awake his mind was almost a blank slate. The sequence of events that led him here flooded his mind now that the cobwebs had been cleared. Landing at Andronikos-IX, helping to map out a suitable building site for a new research facility, and the journey home. Except on his way back something went wrong. Images of spouting flames erupting from the fuselage returned to David’s memory. He tried to do everything he could, but it wasn’t enough. An emergency landing on this planet was his only hope for survival if he wanted to avoid becoming space dust. He thought hard for a moment trying to jog his memory for the name of this place. Finally, it struck him. Hyperion-V, a planet at the very edge of the Milky Way Galaxy in a region that was recently being opened up for exploration and colonization. The journey was notoriously treacherous, but David had earned a well-deserved reputation for daring. He enjoyed the tough jobs and always seemed to come out none the worse for wear in the end. The pay wasn’t bad either. This time, however, his luck had definitely run its course.
David’s epiphany was interrupted by the soft sound of footsteps in the distance. He backed away from the door and prepared himself for anything. If a fight was necessary, he was going to give it to them, even though he doubted his chances of success in his weakened condition. The clicking of shoes slapping against the hard floor got louder every second.
Click, click, click, click.
Then, all became silent for a few brief moments. The grinding sound of a bolt lock being slid backwards reverberated in David’s ears like a gun being fired. The door swung open. A tall, exceedingly thin man entered the room. The stranger was dressed in a black, tattered tuxedo with small rips and tears scattered all across the chest and shoulders. He was middle-aged with dark hair, combed neatly backwards until it rested at the base of his neck. His sapphire eyes were sunken into his head, which made his sharp cheekbones even more prominent. Atop his upper lip was a pencil-thin mustache which, combined with his overall pale complexion and choice of clothes, gave him a sort of Vaudeville-like appearance. David was primarily disturbed by the stranger’s most unsettling feature: his disproportionately long arms, which he kept curled close to his breast, like a marionette still attached to its strings. He gave David a friendly, yet wolfish smile as he entered.
“Oh, this is wonderful! Fantastic! I’m so glad you’re alright. I was afraid your dogs had stopped barking for good, so to speak! Ha ha ha!”
The stranger’s voice was shrill, almost boyish. He unfurled his ghastly arms as he spoke, making David feel nauseous. Fortunately, the feeling in his stomach passed quickly and he got ahold of himself.
“Yeah, uh thanks……thank you. I was in pretty bad shape out there,” David replied with a half-smile. The last thing he wanted to do was offend his odd rescuer.
“Bad shape?” The stranger cackled. “It was a little more serious than that, my boy. But don’t worry. Maximilian LeGrand fixed you up just fine if I do say so myself.”
“You really did, uh……Maximilian. I feel a whole lot better thanks to you.”
“Ah, don’t mention it David. And you can call me Max if you like. All my friends around here do.”
“Huh, ah……how did you know my name?”
“You had your ID in your old clothes. David Evansham. West 53rd Street, New York City. I hope you don’t mind, but I wanted to see whose carcass I was dragging in here. I love the Big Apple by the way.”
David didn’t like the idea of a stranger rifling through his pockets, but he knew he would probably have done the same thing if he were in Max’s shoes. The man did save his life, after all. Still, David wasn’t sure of the verdict on Max. He seemed friendly enough despite being off. Nonetheless, David wasn’t ready to let his guard down just yet.
“No, that’s okay Max. I understand. Actually, I was hoping you’d help me get home. My daughter is probably starting to worry right about now.”
“I sure can friend! I’ll ask my Mistress to send out a call for help. She’s actually in charge around here, not me.”
“Max, what exactly is this place,” inquired David hoping to get a better idea of his current whereabouts.
“Well, it used to be a geological research station. No doubt you’ve seen there’s no shortage of rocks around here to study. But all the scientists and workers left some time ago. It’s just me and the Mistress now. Our little own Garden of Eden.”
“Wait a minute. It’s just the two of you living here? How the hell do you survive?”
“We grow some of our own food in the hydroponics lab. The rest we barter for when travelers come through this area on their way to the Andronikos region. There’s a few of them here right now on a layover. I’ll introduce you later. I must say, they often have some tasty delicacies on them. You get tired of vegetables all the time. It’s nice having some beef every now and then, you know.”
“Yeah, I know what you mean,” replied David with feigned understanding. “I don’t want to be rude Max and I appreciate everything you’ve done, but I’m really eager to be getting along.”
“Sure, sure, sure. I understand completely. Don’t want to keep your daughter waiting. How about you have dinner with me and the other folks and I’ll let Lorelai know about getting you picked up from this dust ball, posthaste.”
David’s stomach was grumbling. He forgot to ask Max how long he’d been unconscious, but he figured it was probably awhile. It was a good idea to get something to eat first before venturing out again. In spite of his appearance Max seemed harmless enough, just eccentric. David assumed if other visitors were here, then perhaps there was nothing to worry about after all. Nevertheless, he had seen enough of the galaxy to know not to take anything at face value. He would keep Max in the corner of his eye for the foreseeable future.
“Thanks Max, that sounds great,” said David, careful to mask his lingering suspicion.
“Oh, that makes me so happy to hear! I love experiencing new people. But first, how about a little tour? It’ll give us a chance to get to know each other. Like the Mistress says: ‘Strangers are just friends you haven’t met yet!’ Isn’t that right?”
David nodded his head. Max beamed a crooked smile as if his day had just been made and led the way out the bedroom door. The pair traversed a long, whitewashed hallway, as they passed by a collection of what David assumed to be other dorms. All of the doors were closed and the only sound that was discernible were the men’s footsteps. Max walked at a brisk pace, a mixture of anticipation and intense joy driving him forward with a spring in his step. It was enough that David had to quicken his own pace just to keep up. Better to have him in front of me, just in case, David thought to himself.
“You are simply going to love Mr. and Mrs. Henderson. Let me tell you, that man had me laughing so hard this morning my sides were splitting. I’ll have to remind him to tell you the one about the old lady and the two mental patients. Just thinking about it makes me laugh.”
Max giggled like a little boy who had just opened his Christmas presents early. They made a right at the end of the hallway and passed through a small doorway.
Max played the tour guide as he chatted excitedly to his new guest. Small workshops, storerooms, and laboratories dotted the modest, but labyrinthian complex. Without fail, every room proved to be exceedingly tidy, yet not a soul could be found. Max continued to prattle, explaining how this or that piece of machinery worked and how it got there. He often referred to people who had once worked at the facility without explaining what had happened to them. The two men had just finished touring the hydroponics lab when David’s curiosity couldn’t be contained any longer.
“What happened to this place?” David inquired of Max. “Seems like quite a few people used to run this joint.”
“Oh yes, spot on. Spot on. I was Dr. Boone’s research assistant here, studying the local geological specimens.” said Max fondly. “He was the head honcho.”
“So, did everyone just……go their own separate ways then?” prodded David, not getting the answer he was looking for.
“You could say that.” said Max as he turned his nose upward. “We hit a bit of a rough patch and there were……disagreements over how to overcome it.”
“How bad was this rough patch?”
Max lightly chuckled. “Pretty bad. Yes indeedie. I gathered that some of my colleagues weren’t built for prolonged isolation. It puts a mental strain on you unlike anything you’ve ever experienced. Very much like a slow-moving terror that gradually envelops your heart and the back of your brain until you feel like you’re going to suffocate.”
As Max spoke his face became grave like one does when recollecting a bad memory.
“So,” he continued. “They left.”
“What about the research you were doing?” replied David. “Everybody just……let it go?”
“Rocks certainly are not worth dying for, my friend. At least for most people.”
“And this Dr. Boone. Where is he now?”
“Actually, he was the first to go. The rest just followed his lead. Me? I’m made of a little stronger stuff.”
Max gave David a knowing look as if they were both in on some sort of secret. David was about to press for more details, but Max beat him to the punch.
“The Mistress convinced me we could make it on our own. That we didn’t need the rest. And as always, she was right.”
Max stopped at the end of another long hallway before a set of metal double doors.
“I think that about concludes our tour. Mustn’t keep the others waiting. The dining room is just at the end of these stairs,” informed Max as he continued to lead the way down a long set of steps.
“Max, you mentioned someone named Lorelai a few minutes ago. Who is she?”
Max’s head snapped to the side at the mention of her name. The sudden movement made David flinch, a move that Max likely noticed. The dinner host raised his eyebrows at the question, but then smiled once again after a second or two.
“That was stupid of me.” said Max as he let out a small laugh. “I should have mentioned it earlier. Lorelai is the Mistress here. She makes most of the decisions and I follow her lead.”
“Will she be joining us for dinner?” asked David warily, unsure of the reaction he was going to get.
“Oh yes, of course. Lorelai will be excited to have you. As am I.” replied Max warmly.
“Well, I look forward to making her acquaintance.” replied David as he wondered whether or not he actually meant those words.
Max grinned once again and shook his head up and down. At the base of the stairs they entered through another set of double doors into a modest vestibule. A closed, red velvet curtain separated the vestibule from the dining room. Max motioned to the entranceway by outstretching his rakish right arm.
“After you my good man,” said Max in his singsong voice.
A cold sweat broke out over David’s forehead as he considered what to do next. His heart pounded so loudly in his chest that he thought Max might have been able to hear it. David’s mind raced as he desperately tried to think of an excuse to avoid turning his back on his bizarre host. He pointed towards the door with an open palm.
“No, no. Please, after you. I insist.” said David with as much manufactured courtesy as he could muster. It sounded lame and Max knew it.
“There’s nothing to worry about Davie-boy. I understand that you’re hesitant seeing as how we don’t know each other that well. But believe me, we’re just sitting down to a meal. Scout’s honor. Just poke your head through the curtain and you’ll see everyone waiting for us.”
David couldn’t put off making a decision any longer. He could try to run, but to where? Max and Lorelai were the only people that could help him. He wasn’t even quite sure how to get out of the facility if he did make a break for it. David figured that if his rescuers wanted to harm him, they would have done it while he was unconscious. The decision made itself clear. Jeopardizing his chances of getting home and seeing his daughter again wasn’t worth the risk.
“Alright, Max. I’m going to trust you,” said David with a long exhale. Max winked in reply.
David parted the curtains and had begun to pass the threshold when an odd thought dawned on him. He realized too late the obvious lack of voices on the other side of the velvet. It was like a sledgehammer blow to his gut. Either nobody was talking……or there was no one there at all. His apprehension was momentarily eased when he saw figures sitting at a large, oval-shaped table made out of sturdy oak. Twelve cozy chairs ringed the table, but David counted only four that were actually occupied. The room itself was ornately decorated with mirrors, painted portraits, a fireplace, and an expensive chandelier that towered above the guests.
As David’s vision adjusted to the scene his insides were dealt another hammer blow. He noticed that the four diners were not moving, nor were they fully erect in their seats. The heads were either slumped over or pulled back, staring up at the ceiling. The eyes were bulging outwards, lifeless and unmoving. David felt a slithering arm wrap itself around his shoulder and heard a whisper close to his ear.
“I’ll chase you if I have to,” Max murmured in a tone that was several octaves lower than his normal voice. “Don’t make little Sarah an orphan.”
A powerful claw squeezed David’s shoulder. It was done almost playfully, like one would do to an old friend that hadn’t been seen in a while. The throbbing in David’s head returned with a vengeance and he became lightheaded. The monkey-like arms steadied him before he could fall. Max giggled.
“Whoops! Easy there, fella. Don’t go embarrassing yourself in front of everyone. Here, go ahead and have a seat for me.”
Max guided David to a seat at the head of the table. David’s legs felt like they were made out of spaghetti as he meekly followed Max’s lead. He collapsed into a chair. Max patted him on the back a few times and went to sit at the opposite end of the oaken slab. David shakily placed his palms on the hard wood as he surveyed the menagerie of horror in more detail. A balding, middle-aged man and a plump, neatly-dressed woman sat to his left. The husband wore a crimson gash under his chin as he stared off into oblivion. The woman, presumably the man’s wife, exhibited several large dents in her mishappen skull. David was about to retch, but managed to hold it back for now. The sound of Max’s voice snapped him out of his thoughts.
“Charles, Martha, this is David Evansham. David meet Mr. and Mrs. Henderson. These two are on their vacation. Can you believe it? Married for thirty years and they still manage to keep things fresh and exciting. Honestly, you don’t see that every day, let me tell you.”
David’s eyes were drawn to the couple again. The terror in their unblinking expressions was still plastered across their bloody faces. He almost fainted once more when he noticed their hands clasped together as if they were about to say Grace.
“Don’t be rude David,” said Max indignantly. “Say hello.”
David nearly swallowed his tongue. Max was staring at him, wide-eyed, from across the dining room. A disturbing, rictus grin was displayed across his hideous face. His mouth twitched expectantly, waiting eagerly for David’s reply.
“Uh……h-hello. N-n-nice to m-meet you.” David’s voice quivered with every spoken word.
“There you go. See, it’s not that hard to possess some goddamn civility, is it? I apologize for David’s behavior everyone. He’s just a little out of his element.”
Max produced a nervous, apologetic laugh, as if he was genuinely concerned about the feelings of his guests. He silently reprimanded David by shooting him a dirty look. David slowly nodded his head, indicating that he understood. Max, in return, smiled cheerily, evidently accepting the apology.
“Now then, David I simply must relate to you a most humorous jest that Charles told me this morning. I was laughing for a full ten minutes after he told it to me. You see, there’s these two mental patients……”
David was only half-listening as he tuned out Max’s rambling. An avalanche of hopelessness washed over his mind. He was never going home. Never to see Sarah’s face ever again. He had nearly died just recently and in a strange way he had been accepting of his fate. Dying because of an accident was commonplace out in the wilds of space and he knew it. He could tolerate that. But this? This was different. David was unsure what Max had in store for him, but he was certain it wasn’t anything good. In fact, it was most likely going to be horrible.
“……and then the old bag says, ‘I already have a rolling pin for that.’” When he finished, Max let loose a sort of cackle, one that was borne out of deranged hilarity.
“Well……don’t you get it,” Max continued.
“Yeah……yeah……that’s……pretty funny,” David said with a phony chuckle. It took everything he had to hold back the tears welling up in his eyes.
“You slay me Charles, you really do. I told you David would like that one, didn’t I darling?” Max’s attention shifted to a young woman that sat to his left, opposite the Hendersons.
The girl wore a long, powder blue evening dress that matched nicely with her shoulder-length, raven hair. Her mascara and red lipstick highlighted a face that had once been quite pretty. The woman’s ensemble, however, was marred by several dark stains situated all across her dress. Many of them still continued to ooze a crimson liquid that dripped onto the otherwise spotless floor. Her head was propped to the right so that it faced in Max’s direction. A faint smile was just barely visible amongst her frozen expression. Max slowly got up from his seat and walked toward her. He caressed the corpse’s cheek as he spoke in a much softer voice.
“I can see that hungry look in your face again, sugar-bumps. What do you say we put the kids to bed early tonight? I don’t think your husband will mind……”
Max suggestively ran his long fingers down the woman’s chest as he delivered his unrequited advances. Unable to contain it any longer, David retched onto the floor.
The aforementioned husband, seated to the woman’s left, was immaculately dressed in a white dinner jacket. He was slumped forward and was in immediate danger of falling out of his chair altogether. His lifeless visage was directed towards David, who managed to glimpse dark blue bruises twisted around the length of the man’s neck. Max, sniffing the air and noticing David’s pale complexion, turned his attention to his only living guest once more.
“Oh my……David it appears you’re sick. You’re probably still trying to get over that nasty concussion. You should eat something. The dinner I’ve prepared this evening will make you right as rain.”
David mumbled something incoherently as he spit out the bile remaining in his mouth. Max ignored him and encouraged everyone to dig in to the meal. One by one, Max removed the silver serving covers that had concealed everybody’s dinner plates, revealing a small soup bowl underneath. It was a foul-smelling stew that resembled borscht. The sickly aroma assaulted David’s nostrils like a rocket launching itself into the air. The broth, a reddish-brown mystery, was accompanied by misshapen bits of what appeared to be beef submerged just below the surface. A few carrots and pieces of celery rounded out the ingredients of the ghastly potage.
Max returned to his seat and again implored everyone to taste the soup. He greedily slurped mouthfuls of it with his spoon while some of what he missed dripped from his chin. In between mouthfuls he would mutter, “my best one yet,” or “simply marvelous.”
“I do hope the soup is to everybody’s liking,” Max intoned to no one in particular as he gulped down massive quantities of the liquid.
David didn’t make a move for his spoon seeing as how he had no intention of sampling the watery nightmare. Suddenly, he could feel Max looking at him again. When he met the madman’s wild gaze it was one of disappointment and mounting anger. David knew what he wanted, so he picked up the spoon and dipped it in the soup. Gathering as little of it as he could he put it to his lips and swallowed the meager portion. It gagged him and David nearly vomited a second time. He did his best to crack a smile and extended his thumb upwards, signaling to Max that he approved. Max beamed at the implied compliment.
“Ah, shucks David, don’t mention it. The pleasure really was all mine. I can say with some certainty that Lorelai also approves of the dish. It came out perfect tonight, did it not, Mistress?”
No one replied and yet Max shook his head eagerly up and down as if someone had spoken to him. For a moment, David thought he missed something, and looked around the room. But it was just as he thought. He and Max were the only two people in the room who were still breathing. David gathered enough courage to ask Max a question.
“Max, don’t take this the wrong way, but……I don’t see Lorelai anywhere.” David was surprised that he could steady his voice enough to form the words. The shock must have been finally wearing off.
“Is she in here with us?” David continued.
“Well, of course she is, silly! My mistress is the reason we have the bountiful harvest set before us. She is the visionary, of course, but I helped!” Max squinted his eyes, as if he was unsure of why David was failing to understand the situation.
“Right……right. Um……could she or……could you maybe tell me a bit about her?” David wanted to keep Max talking, half out of genuine curiosity, and half as a way to buy some time to figure a way out of his predicament.
“I’m flattered David.” said Max with a blush. “May I, Mistress?”
There was a silent pause that lasted a few seconds as Max evidently listened for the answer. He nodded his head once more, wiped his mouth with a handkerchief, and pushed away his empty soup bowl. David scanned the placemat set before him and realized his potential weapon choices were limited. Two forks, one for the main course and one for a salad, sat to his left. A butter knife was placed on a napkin next to the mystery soup. Although quite dull, he decided his best choice would be the knife and planned to snatch it once Max was distracted.
“You see David, Lorelai is the reason I’m still alive.” said Max, whose voice became unsteady with apparent emotion as he spoke her name. “She’s the blood that runs through my veins. Without her……I’m nothing. Worthless.”
“Worthless like these sacks of meat.” Max’s face darkened as he motioned toward the dinner guests. “Please don’t take any offense, but it’s quite true.” The partygoers didn’t respond.
“I don’t understand Max.” replied David. “How exactly does she help you?”
“I almost starved to death David. Sure, I can grow a few vegetables, but not enough. Not nearly enough. Being all alone here, I was about to give up hope. I was this close to blowing my brains out.” said Max as he pressed his thumb and index fingers close together.
“But then Lorelai spoke to me.” he continued. “The Mistress gave me the key to my salvation. I know how to survive now thanks to her heavenly guidance. And I NEVER disobey her. Could you imagine what would happen to me if I did? I’d either die or……lose my mind!”
A tear came to Max’s eye as he spoke about his beloved savior and he wiped it away with his napkin. David seized the opportunity and palmed the butter knife off the table. He slipped it up his right sleeve without Max ever noticing the theft. The madman sniffled a few times, then regained his proper composure.
“And if you need any more proof of the Mistress’s benevolence, look no further than yourself, David.” said Max slyly.
“What are you talking about?” replied David suspiciously.
“The mistress has seen fit to provide you……to me. I still have more than enough thanks to my co-workers, but you can never be too careful. Luckily the freezer here still operates. You’ll keep for quite a while, I reckon.”
The color drained from David’s face as he took another look at the barely untouched soup. He had a pretty good idea what had happened to Max’s former colleagues.
“Tasty, isn’t it?” whispered Max as he licked his lips.
With unnatural quickness, Max pushed aside the silverware in one sudden motion, everything crashing violently onto the floor. He leaped onto the table and crawled on his hands and knees, like a baby, toward David. Everything was knocked away in his path as he bounded across the wooden surface. His icy blue eyes protruded from his skull as he beamed a grotesque smile. The pythons that served as his arms reached out and looked as if they would envelope David at any moment. The corpse wearing the white dinner jacket unceremoniously slipped off his chair and fell to the floor with a thud.
David sprang to his feet like he had been shot from a cannon, tipping his chair over in the process. Avoiding the fallen furniture, he sprinted through the red velvet curtain and headed back up the stairwell, skipping two and sometimes three steps at a time. Max was not far behind him screaming like a banshee, whether out of rage or excitement, David couldn’t tell. His mind went into a million different directions as he tried to form a semblance of a plan. A cold sweat burst forth from his pores while his heart nearly vaulted out of his chest from the adrenaline. David desperately tried to remember the details of the tour, the twists and turns and the dead ends, but the renewed pounding in his head made concentration difficult. Max’s panting was clearly audible, like a dog with his tongue hanging out chasing a rabbit.
David tried the doors at each break in the stairwell, but all were tightly shut. He continued his frantic ascent hoping to almighty God that Max wouldn’t close the distance. Eventually, he made his way to the floor where his dormitory had been. David hesitated, remembering in the nick of time that that particular hallway led to nowhere. He kept climbing, knowing in the pit of his stomach that he was going to run out of stairs at some point.
“Keep running Davie!” Max screeched. “The Mistress will see to you!”
Max’s words barely registered. Up was the only direction available to David and his pursuer was gaining on him. Inevitably, David reached the end of the staircase, where a solitary door was left slightly ajar. David could hear the sound of footsteps thunder behind him and once or twice he thought he felt the sensation of a hand coming dangerously close to grasping his ankle. The door was blasted open with the full force of David’s elbow. Immediately, he tried to shut it behind him in order to deny his pursuer. But Max had managed to lodge one of his reed-like arms in between the door and the frame and wouldn’t relent, no matter how hard David tried to dislodge it.
David braced the door with his remaining strength as Max hurled his body against it. He tried to crush the psychopath’s arm, but the effort had seemingly little effect. Max’s voice was manic.
“Just a little taste Davie! That’s all it is! Don’t they approve of free sampling in New York anymore?”
David slid the knife out of his sleeve and began to slash at Max’s exposed hand. It was sharp enough to draw blood as David dug the metal into his enemy’s flesh. Max grunted, blood dripped from his lacerated hand, and flailed his arm wildly trying to snatch the knife out of David’s grasp. The madman redoubled his efforts at breaking down the door until, finally, he succeeded. Max hurled himself at David as the momentum carried him forward. The two men rolled and tussled on the ground at the base of a large electronic monitor, neither of them gaining an advantage. David tried stabbing Max in the chest with his knife, but the dullness of it limited its impact, leaving his opponent with only superficial injuries. Soon after, Max knocked the blade out of David’s hand, and it went careening across the floor out of reach.
Max positioned himself atop David’s prone body and wrapped his fingers around his throat. David, although the larger man, clasped Max’s wrists in an attempt to escape, but the fiend was surprisingly powerful. Unable to breathe air into his lungs David’s vision began to darken just like it did after the crash. He knew he didn’t have much time left.
“I’ll have another one for you in just a moment, Mistress!” cried Max excitedly. “This one proved to be a bit more troublesome, but nothing I couldn’t handle!”
David desperately pulled, wrenched, and yanked the wires hanging just above him. He punched and slapped the paneling behind his head. Anything to help him escape from the impending doom hovering just above him. He thrashed and jostled the unknown materials with not a care for his own safety. To David’s surprise, his salvation, rather than his doom, came from above. He could hear the grating of metal and was vaguely aware of the bluish flash of sparks from the monitor hanging above their heads. Before Max could react, the monitor broke from its decrepit foundation and plummeted several feet to the ground.
The frantic screaming of the madman was cut short by a tremendous crash. The sounds of uninhibited electricity mingled with Max’s shrieks as the smell of burning flesh made David ill. He tried to throw Max off of him, but the heavy hunk of machinery fell on top of him as Max limply slumped forward. David felt a crack in his chest as he cried out in pain. A rib had most likely been broken. The strength was momentarily taken out of David as agony seized his lungs and no breath would come forth. His arms shuddered unsteadily as he grasped the bottom of the monitor with both hands and pushed. After a few aborted attempts David managed to shove Max’s lifeless body aside, along with his new cranial ornament. A coughing fit floored him for a few moments until he was recovered enough to stand.
He studied Max’s body for a minute or two looking for any lingering signs of life. There were none. David took in his surroundings now that the danger had passed. He found himself in what appeared to be a server room. It was almost completely dark but for a few green and yellow lights that were blinking on some of the technology. David counted three other monitors, one of which was still operating, ringed around a central computer. He realized, with a start, that he was looking at Lorelai, a Promethean-9700 supercomputer.
It was not an unfamiliar piece of equipment to David. He actually supervised the delivery of one during his time on Andronikos-IX. They were meant to assist the staff with data storage and collection as well as taking care of the more mundane responsibilities. Each unit possessed a unique, human face that was meant to give them a friendlier appearance when performing customer-service duties. Employees liked to give them names so that they had something to refer to when dealing with it on a daily basis. Evidently, Max or someone else that used to work here, had named this one Lorelai. Her features were that of a Caucasian woman with blonde locks, which fell well past her shoulders. She had green eyes and wore red lipstick. The picture itself flickered sporadically. It wouldn’t be long before the whole thing went dark, David thought. 
The thing that unnerved David the most was the seductive expression Lorelai seemed to wear on her heart-shaped face, one that he hadn’t noticed previously. He considered turning her off for good, but thought against it. For reasons David couldn’t explain, he was hesitant to approach her, as if she really was a real person. Her fetching gaze always seemed to meet David’s even when he moved to the corner of the room. It was a silly kind of uneasiness, like a child being afraid of monsters lurking under the bed, and yet he couldn’t shake it completely. He slowly backed away from Maximilian LeGrand’s only source of companionship until he was near the threshold.
David closed the door behind him as he left, and as he did so, looked over his shoulder one last time. Lorelai’s eyes stared unblinkingly at David without ever saying a word.


A Better World
Cassidy Raine Wolters

200 million years ago:

In the far reaches of outer space, in the Kuiper Belt beyond the orbit of Neptune, an alien spaceship journeying to an unknown destination spewed radioactive waste from the core of its fission turbine.
A meteor passed through the ship's wake and a hitherto unknown nuclear reaction occurred, forever altering the properties of its molecular composition. 
Gently tugged by the steady pull of the Sun's gravitational field, the stone began its leisurely descent towards the center of the solar system, a journey that would take millions of years.
As the eons passed, the rock completed multiple trips around the Sun.  Each time its highly elliptical orbit brought it closer and closer to the third planet, a world teeming with life where the guiding hand of evolution was carefully sculpting an intelligent species destined, for better or worse, to dominate the planet.
A collision was inevitable.  It was not a matter of if, but a matter of when...


*****


It seemed impossible, but the media frenzy surrounding a rare interview with entrepreneur and business tycoon Randolph Faust had actually increased as the appointed date approached.
Faust, the world's richest man, was a noted recluse who had avoided the public eye for years.  In fact, only three photographs of the tech giant were known to exist.  The announcement that he would sit for a fifteen-minute interview created a stir, not unlike that of Willy Wonka's golden tickets in the children's classic Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Award-winning journalist Sierra Walsh was chosen from over a thousand reporters who had applied for the once-in-a-lifetime chance to talk with the world's foremost authority on artificial intelligence.
Security was especially tight at Randolph Faust's sprawling estate in Sweetwater County, Wyoming when the fateful day finally arrived.  No electronic devices of any kind were allowed on the premises, so Sierra Walsh was forced to make do with a single pencil and several sheets of lined paper.
The two met for the first and last time in a sparsely decorated room without any windows.  The only thing of note was a Jackson Pollock painting, an original of course.  Other than Faust, the abstract artist was the most famous native son of Wyoming.
Ms. Walsh held out her hand but Faust, a rabid germophobe, simply ignored the offer.  He took a seat at a trestle table and indicated that she should do the same.
"Alright, Ms. Walsh.  Your fifteen minutes have begun," he said as his cloud-gray eyes glanced at his gold pocket watch.
"Why give an interview now?" the veteran reporter asked.  She was an attractive woman with a sultry voice that made you think of a nightclub singer, but Faust seemed not to notice.
"The Faust Corporation has made a stunning breakthrough in artificial intelligence," he said.  "This seemed an appropriate time."  
"Please elaborate."
"There are two types of electric circuits.  Series and parallel.  Most computers are wired in series.  They perform operations one at a time, but they can do millions of them per second.  The human brain, in comparison, is wired in parallel.  This allows it to perform multiple tasks simultaneously.  This is the root of what we call intelligence."
"And your breakthrough involves parallel processing?"
"Exactly."
"Would you like to see machines rule the world?" the reporter asked.
"Heavens, no!  That would be the end of mankind.  It must never be allowed to happen!" 
"But what's to keep the computers from taking over if they have intelligence on par with human beings?"
"I've included a special fail-safe, completely impervious to every substance known to man, in every microchip to keep the circuits from fusing together.  That's where human intelligence came from, you know."
"The fusing of circuits?" Ms. Walsh asked as she jotted down some notes.
"Not circuits.  Chromosomes.  Monkeys, apes, and chimpanzees all have twenty-four pairs of them, but humans only have twenty-three.  A closer look shows that chromosome 2 in humans is actually a fusion of two primate chromosomes.  That genetic accident is the source of our intelligence."
Knowing that her limited time was quickly evaporating, Ms. Walsh decided to switch gears.
"In simpler times people might have called you bashful, but there's far more to it than that."
Faust's body language made it clear that he didn't particularly enjoy the change in topic.  "Most people are buffoons.  That's why I loathe them.  But mankind has occasionally produced some stunning intellects.  Galileo, Euler, Beethoven, Vermeer, Lavoisier."
"Do you include yourself in that small group?" 
"Yes, of course."
"But today's world is teeming with creative people," Ms. Walsh stated emphatically.  "Writers, artists, musicians…"
"Nonsense," Faust interjected, the volume of his voice increasing for the first time.  He wasn't interested in her line of reasoning and he swatted away her argument like a bothersome fly.  "The bulk of what people produce is mundane and derivative.  There have only ever been a handful of true fountainheads producing important, original ideas."
Sierra Walsh did not like Randolph Faust.  She found his arrogance to be rather nauseating, but she knew her time was just about over so she bottled up her feelings.  "One last question.  What do you think the future holds for mankind?"
"A golden age.  Computer farms like the ones we have here in Wyoming will stretch across barren land, absorb the power of the sun, and oversee the needs of the entire planet.  It will be a cleaner, safer, better world than ever before."


*****


Randolph Faust's vision proved stunningly accurate, so much so that a hundred years after his death he was remembered as something akin to a god.
But that was before the meteor.
It crashed into the Earth's surface moving at speeds in excess of 45,000 mph, spewing so much dirt into the atmosphere that the sun was blotted out for the better part of a decade.
Some considered it the greatest calamity in mankind's history, but it was merely a prelude to something far more chilling.  Indeed, the woe of aftermath was exponentially more disastrous.
You see, the unique molecular composition of the meteor, created by a chance encounter with an alien spaceship 200 million years ago, did something that Randolph Faust had considered impossible.  It fused the circuits of a handful of computers, creating a new form of artificial intelligence, one that was as far above humans as humans are above insects. 
It was eerily similar to the random event that fused two primate chromosomes to give birth to a new dominant species and a new world order.


Peace At Last
Jon Flushing, Leonard Herrington, B.C. Richards

“Stop, daddy, stop!  Please, stop!”
It was the millionth time the words had gone through his head along with the image of his drunken father savagely beating his mother.  He knew what would come next…his turn.
One night after his father had passed out.  His mother had taken his gun and shot him six times in the chest.  She had taken him in the car to her parents’ house outside of Waco. The police caught up with them a few days later and arrested her.  He never saw his mother again.  Kirk McCoy was only six years old.
His elderly grandparents were sickly and could not care for the boy.  With no other relatives, he was placed in an orphanage.  Kirk was miserable and afraid there.  Some of the older boys took to bullying him.  He cried himself to sleep each night.
Six months later a young couple came to the orphanage.  Mrs. Leeds, the woman that ran the orphanage, told him the man and woman were the Walkers and they had come to adopt him.  He still remembered thinking that Mrs. Walker had the kindest face that he had ever seen.  Mr. Walker had on a uniform.  Mrs. Leeds said that he was a captain in the Air Force.  Kirk left the orphanage that day and went to live with the Walkers.
The Walkers lived in San Antonio.  Mr. Walker was a captain in the Air Force stationed at Lackland. Kirk loved his new family.  Mrs. Walker made him his favorite meal every Sunday morning, chicken and waffles.  Mr. Walker taught him to play baseball and football.  He always told him, “You can’t be a boy in Texas and not know how to play football and baseball.”
With the Walkers, Kirk bloomed.  He did well academically, especially in science and math.   He also excelled in sports.  Mrs. Walker often told him how proud that she and her husband were of their son.  For all the positives, there was one big negative in Kirk Walkers’ life.  He was often in fights at school.
It didn’t take much to set the boy off, in the classroom and on the field.  A psychologist had told his mother that she thought that this was because of all the violence that he had witnessed as a child.  His high school football coach, Darren Johnson, seemed to be the only one that was able to get through to the boy.  Kirk could hear the man’s word in his head.  “Boy, you better get that temper of yours under control.  With your grades and athletic ability, you could go to any college in this country.  No one likes troublemaker, Kirk. Don’t blow your future.  Control that anger and go on and make your parents proud. Do it, Kirk.  I know you can.  I’m here to help you any way that I can.”
Good to his word, Coach Johnson was always there for him.  Kirk often sought him out when the anger was getting to be too much.  With the support of his parents and his coach, he graduated from high school with honors and a full scholarship to play football for the Air Force Academy.
The discipline he learned in the Air Force helped him to keep his anger in check. Kirk earned excellent grades and with his work ethic he quickly became a favorite among his fellow cadets as well as his officers and coaches.  When they could, the Walkers would catch a game or come for a visit. After one such visit his senior year, Kirk got the worst news of his life, Mrs. Walker had been diagnosed with breast cancer.  The doctor said that she had six months to live.
Cheryl Walker passed that summer.  The Captain took it hard.  The woman had been the rock in his life.  Kirk was allowed to come home for the funeral.  He was filled with anger.  The one person that had truly loved and cared for him was gone.  He wanted to unleash his rage, but he had to be strong for Mr. Walker.  For the first time, someone needed him.
When he returned to the academy, Kirk threw himself into his course work and training.  His hard work, discipline, and outstanding grades caught the attention of some of the top brass at the school.  One afternoon, Coach Johnson was waiting for him outside of his class.
“Kirk, can I have a word with you?”
“Coach, what a surprise!  Yes, certainly, what can I do for you?”
“It’s not what you can do for me, but rather, what I can do for you.  Walk with me.  There’s something I would like to discuss with you.”
When Kirk got back to his room, he was still stunned.  Coach Johnson had dropped a bomb on him.  Because of his efforts in the Academy, he was being considered as a candidate for a new program.  It was called Space Force.
“Dad, it’s Kirk.”
“Is everything alright?”
“Yes.  I was just calling to see how you are?”
“I’m fine, son.  It’s getting a little easier every day.”
“That’s good.  Dad, I need some advice.”
“Go on.”
“Well, I’m being considered for…”
“Space Force.  I heard.”
“Who told you?”
“I still have plenty of contacts at the Academy.  We Air Force guys all stick together.”
“You didn’t have anything to do with this, did you?”
“I swear to you son, nothing at all.  So, what do you think about it?”
“I don’t know, Dad.  It would be a lot of work.  No one’s ever done anything like this before.  It could end up being really dangerous.”
“Come on now.  We both know that every time you take off in one of those planes, it’s dangerous.  As long as I’ve known you, you never flinched from danger.  So why don’t you tell me, what the real reason is for your concern.”
“It’s you, Dad.  I don’t want to leave you alone.”
There was silence for a few minutes.
“Kirk, I’m not alone.  I still have a bunch of buddies over at the base.  I’ve got friends here in the neighborhood.  I’m going to be just fine.  Listen to me.  Go make your mother and I proud.  Go serve your country.  But, do it because it’s what you want to do.  It’s your choice, son.  Whatever you decide, you have my full support.”
“I love you, Dad.”
“I love you too, Kirk.
“Dad, one day when you look up at the stars, know that I’m up there, smiling down at you.”
“Will do, son.  Will do.”


*****


He saw her from across the crowded diner.  Her big brown eyes met his and he was done.  When she walked over to him, a million thoughts raced through his head but none of them would be the answer to the questions she was about to ask.
“Hey handsome.  What’s it going to be today?” she asked.
“Umm, umm, umm…” was all he could get out.
“I’m not sure if we have any of that.  I’ll have to check with the cook,” she said with a smile.
“I’m sorry,” Kirk said nervously, glancing down at the menu.
“How about I start you off with some coffee? While I’m doing that, why don’t you go on and decide?”
“Sure…thanks…that’ll be good,” he stammered.
“What’s your name?” she asked, still smiling.
“Kirk.  I’m Kirk.”
“I need it for the check,” she said and winked.  “I’ll be back with the coffee.”
He watched her walk behind the counter.  She said something to one of the other waitresses.  They both looked over at him and giggled.
Kirk could feel his face turning red.  He had made a fool out of himself and he knew it.  He shook his head.
“You’re an idiot.  You fly multimillion-dollar aircraft at death defying speeds and you can’t speak to a pretty girl.  You’re unbelievable.”
The sound coffee cup being placed on the table pulled him back into the moment.
“Cream and sugar are over there,” she said pointing to a spot on the table.  “So, what’d you decide on?”
“I’ll have the waffle with some chicken, please.”
“Good choice.  The waffles here are my favorite.  Do you want syrup on them or whipped cream and strawberries?”
Kirk looked up at her and said, “Why don’t you surprise me?”
“I just might,” she said, winked at him, and headed off to place the order.
Kirk stared out the window. The sky was overcast.  As a pilot, he loved when they were blue and cloudless.  The streets were busy.  Lots of cars and people out making panic purchases.  Talk of war was in the air.  There were big problems in Asia.  Many Americans felt that the U.S. would get dragged into the confrontation sooner or later.  He had flown nearly every plane the Air Force had and some that the world didn’t know they had.  If the U.S. entered the war, he knew it would only be a matter of time until his services would be required.
“Here’s you waffle, sir,” said a man’s voice.  “Sorry, no chicken.  We’re waiting on the truck to come.”
Kirk looked up to see the cook standing there.
“Megan said you wanted it with the whipped cream and strawberries.  That’s how she likes ‘em too.  Well, enjoy now.”
“Excuse me.  My waitress, Megan, where’d she go?” Kirk asked, feeling a little disappointed.
“Her shift ended about 10 minutes ago. Why?  Do you need something?  I can get it for ya.”
“No thanks, Kirk responded.  He looked down at his breakfast.  It looked fantastic.  He noticed that he had no utensils and turned to yell to the cook.
“He never remembers to bring the utensils,” Megan said, smiling.  She was holding an order of waffles and two sets of utensils.  “Mind if I join you?  I’m starving.”
“Yes, please, I’d love the company.”
She slid into the booth opposite of him.  As she handed him his utensils their hands touched.  Kirk felt warm all over.  They stared at each other for a few minutes.
“Go on and eat your waffle before it gets cold,” she said breaking the silence.
Kirk took a big bite of his waffle.  It was delicious.
“Good call.  This is amazing.”
“You’re welcome,” she said with a slight nod. 
“Tell me, Megan, do you always join your customers for breakfast?”
“No, first time,” she responded and took a bite of her own waffle.
“Wow! How did I get to be so lucky?”
“Funny, I thought I was the lucky one.
Four months later, Kirk Walker asked Megan Murphy to marry him.  They had a small ceremony in a little white country chapel.  It was the same one Megan had been baptized in.  Her parents were beyond excited to see their only daughter marry such a fine young man. Kirk’s father was his best man. 
Six weeks later, the United States entered the Asian conflict.  Kirk’s group was being deployed to South Korea.  Space Force would have to wait for now. 
Tears rolled down her cheeks from her big brown eyes.  She held him as tight as she could and repeated over and over that she loved him.  When it was finally time to go, she smiled and wiped the tears from her cheeks.
“Listen to me, Kirk.  I waited my whole life to find someone like you.  Don’t you go getting yourself killed over there.  I don’t want to have to raise our baby by myself.”
He stared into her eyes not quite sure if he had really heard her correctly.
“Is it a…”
She cut him off. “I don’t know yet. I have an appointment next week. I’ll let you know as soon as I…”
“As long as our baby’s healthy, it doesn’t matter,” he said and kissed her.
“You better go.  The sooner you go, the sooner you’ll be back.  I love you.”
“I love you, Meg.  You too, little one,” he said pointing at her stomach.
As he climbed aboard the plane, Kirk Walker thought to himself.  “I’m finally happy.”


*****


Jimmy Simpson walked into the barracks. “Yo, Skywalker, captain wants to see you.  He’s in his office.”
“Hey Bartman,” Kirk responded, “What’s he want?”
“Didn’t say.  He didn’t look none too happy though.”
“Wonder why?”
“You won’t know until you get your lazy ass over there and see.”
Kirk threw his pillow at his wingman.  “I’m on it.”
When Kirk arrived at the captain’s office, he could tell by the look on the man’s face that something was wrong.
“Kirk,” the captain said with a slight nod, “Have a seat, please.”
“What’s this about, cap?”
“I have bad news, son,” began the captain as he rose from behind his desk. “I was just informed that your wife died this morning during delivery.  I’m deeply sorry.”
“That can’t be, captain.  She’s not due for another four weeks,” Kirk said in disbelief.
“I’m sorry, Kirk.”
“What about the baby?”
Captain Samuels shook his head.  “She didn’t make it.”
“It was a girl.  We were going to have a girl,” Kirk said as tears began to fill his eyes.  “Megan said that if it was a girl, we’d call her Joy.”
The captain dropped his head.  “We’re sending you home.  You need to be there to make the arrangements.  Head on back and ready your things.  There’s a transport leaving at 09:00.”
Anger raged inside him.  He could barely contain it.  Everyone he cared about left him.  He felt like he would explode.  He wanted to hurt someone.  He wanted to kill someone for taking his love, his happiness, his future from him.  Once again, he was alone.  Someone had to pay for it.
“No, sir,” barked out Kirk.  “We are in the middle of a war and we need every pilot that can fly right now.  I can best serve our country by staying here and doing my duty.”
“Your family needs you right now, son…and you need them.  Go on, Kirk, go home.”
“Is that an order, captain?”
“No, it’s not an order.”
“Then sir, I’m staying here.  This is my family now.  “I’ll get in touch with my father and with Megan’s parents and explain my decision. They can take care of the arrangements.”
“Kirk, are you sure about this?”
“Yes, sir.  The enemy is the reason I’m here.  They are the reason I wasn’t at home with my wife when she needed me.  I’m going to make those bastards pay for that! I’m going to kill them all.” 


*****


Kirk Walker was good to his word.  By the end of the war he had flown more than a hundred and sixty missions over enemy territory.  His last mission helped to bring about an end to the war.  Most saw it as heroic, many called it suicidal.
Kirk stood in the hangar facing the aircraft.  She had been brought in in parts and assembled there to keep her as secret as possible.  No one except authorized personnel was permitted in the hanger. Besides the original design team, Kirk was only one of fifty people in the entire world that knew she existed. 
She was called The Ghost.  Her official designation was XP-101…Experimental Plane One of One.  She was the ultimate meeting of stealth and speed.  Kirk had been told that the enemy had nothing to match her or that could bring her down.  He would be in and out so fast that they would never know that he was there.
“Like a ghost,” he muttered to himself as he stood there.
The briefing had been short and sweet.  He would hang in the back of the formation.  When they encountered enemy fire or aircraft he would veer off, take the plane up to full throttle, and head for the target.  The Ghost carried only one bomb.  Based on intel, the top leaders of the enemy armed forces and government were meeting in a bunker about 200 klicks from where he now stood.  He would only get one chance.  Once he broke formation, he would be on his own.  He had been told if anything went wrong with the craft, at the speed he was traveling, he wouldn’t have time to think about his fate.
“I’ll just be up there with Megan, Joy, and mom,” he thought to himself, “a win-win scenario.”
The hangar doors began to slide open.
Jimmy Simpson stepped in and yelled, “We got the green light, Skywalker.  Try to keep up with me.”
“I’ll be right behind you, Bartman,” Kirk responded, giving his friend a thumbs up.
“See you back here later, Kirk,” Jimmy said, returning the thumbs up, “Don’t stand me up, first rounds on you.”
Kirk nodded.  “Deal!”
Six hours later the two men were on their eighth Miller Long Neck. They were laughing, joking, and talking about their mission.  They had saluted the two pilots that didn’t make it back.  As he lay in bed, he thought to himself, “I killed them all, now what?”


*****


The war ended three days after the bombing mission.  Kirk Walker was disembarking from a plane in Texas less than three weeks later.  The Captain was there to pick him up.  He was surprised to see how much his father had aged.
“Good to see you son,” his father said as he approached him.
“Good to be seen,” Kirk responded with a smile.
The two men embraced for a long while.
“I thought I’d take you back to the house.  You can stay as long as you like.”
“That be great, dad.  I have to report back to the academy in two weeks.  In a few days, I’m going to go see Megan and the baby.  I’ll stop and see her parents while I’m there.”
The Captain nodded at his son and patted him on the back.
“I’m retired now.  If you want, I can go with you.”
“Thanks, dad, but this is something I need to do on my own.”
“Okay, just let me know if you change your mind.”
When the two men got to the Captain’s SUV, he opened the rear hatch and Kirk put his bags in. 
“You hungry, son?” asked the Captain once they were both in the vehicle.
“You know it,” Kirk responded.  “I could go for some chicken and waffles.”
“I know just the place.”
“Don’t tell me that old diner is still open,” Kirk said in disbelief.
“Still there.  Your mom loved that place.  I used to take her there when we first started dating.”
The two men sat quietly for a moment both thinking of the woman that they loved.  Kirk’s stomach began to growl loudly.  Both men started to chuckle.  “I better get you some food.” 


*****


Visiting the gravesites had been more difficult than he had ever imagined.  The visit with the Murphys had gone better than expected.  Mr. Murphy did let it be known that he was none too happy with his son-in-law’s decision not to come home for the burials.  As he headed off to the academy, Kirk Wagner realized once again that he was alone.  Anger surged through him once more at the thought.
It didn’t take too long for those feelings to become buried.  Space Force training was tough and intense.  Working in his favor was the fact that he was the man who had single handedly ended the Big Asian War as they now called it.  Kirk never revealed that his mission had been more of a death wish than an act of valor.
Eighteen months into the program, now Colonel Kirk Walker was tapped to lead the first manned mission to Mars.  He would be meeting with the members of his crew in Florida in two weeks.  The scheduled liftoff date was October the first.  Kirk chuckled when he heard the date.  It was the Captain’s birthday.
Florida was hot and humid as was to be expected.  The three other members of his team stood in front of him in the bay.
Chuck Ferraina, like himself, was a veteran pilot for the Big Asian War. He and Kirk had bonded almost instantly.  Kirk knew he could trust the man and that he would have his back.
Samantha Wilson was a completely different story.  She was brilliant and had the degrees to prove it.  She was immaculate, highly detailed, and had a mouth on her like a truck driver.  While he liked the woman, she proved often to be a bit of a challenge to deal with.
The final member was Jade Powers.  Kirk was amazed by her.  This M.I.T. grad could troubleshoot and fix just about anything.  She was the youngest member of the crew.  For some reason, Kirk felt a paternal instinct toward her.
The team passed every test and did every bit of training that the academy threw at them. The last week of September, the Academy had one more surprise for them.  They weren’t going to Mars.
The group was stunned when they got the news.  Another team was going instead.  As the initial shock faded, the group was told that they would be headed to a different destination.
The NASA scientist stood nervously in front of the group.  A map of stars was displayed behind him on a large screen.  With a laser pointer, he circled an area on the display.
Six years ago, we began picking up a signal that we were able to trace to this location.  The signal was consistent, repetitive, and for the same duration each time.
“Definitely not natural,” Samantha whispered a little too loudly.
“Maybe a distress call,” Chuck said under his breath.
“From whom?” Kirk thought to himself.
“Four years ago,” the scientist began,” NASA sent a probe to the location.  Data sent back indicated that the atmosphere is similar to Earth’s.  The images of the surface were poor but seem to suggest land masses as well as perhaps oceans.  One thing that we know for certain is that the signal is definitely coming from the planet.  However, it is getting weaker.”
“You want my team to go and check things out,” Kirk blurted.
“That’s correct, Colonel.”
“How long is this little mission going to take?” Chuck asked.
“Assuming nothing goes wrong, we estimate seven years.  Three years out, one year of research, and three more back.”
“That’s why we did all the suspended animation training,” Jade whispered.
Kirk Walker looked at his team and nodded.  They nodded back.
“We’re not going to find out anything sitting here on our asses.  When do we go?”
“If everything checks out with the ship, in three days.”
“Sounds like one hell of a frigging good time to me,” Samantha said sarcastically as she gathered her papers from the table. 
As they left the briefing, Kirk thought to himself, “Finally dad, I’ll get to the stars.”


*****


“Stop, daddy, stop!  Please, stop!”
It was the millionth time the words had gone through his head along with the image of his drunken father savagely beating his mother.  He knew what would come next…his turn.
Next would come the image of his mother being dragged away by police officers.  Blurred visions of fights at the orphanage would follow as would seeing Mrs. Walker in her coffin at the funeral home.  He would vividly see the tears rolling down Megan’s face on the day he left for the war.  He would see her tombstone and that of the daughter that he would never know.  He could feel the anger inside of him, the loneliness, the lack of peace.  Even in his state of suspended animation aboard the ship, he found no reprieve. 
Once the images finished, they would replay in a never-ending loop of anguish and grief. It was a nightmare from which Kirk Walker could not escape.
“Warning!  Warning!  A malfunction has occurred. A malfunction has occurred.  Please check all navigational functions.”
Red lights flashed inside the cabin.  Kirk struggled to make sense of what was happening.  His head pounded and he felt nauseated. 
“Warning!  Warning!  A malfunction has occurred. A malfunction has occurred.  Please check all navigational functions.”
The horrible images that had been plaguing him for the past three years faded like ghosts into the abyss.  Kirk was becoming aware of his surroundings.  He was no longer in suspended animation.  Warnings were being broadcast.  The ship was in danger. 
“Jade, Chuck, Sam, report!  Jade, Chuck, Samantha, what is your status?!  Can anyone hear me?  Report, dammit!”
There was no response.  His eyes now cleared; he began to check the instrument panels.  Flashing on one of them was a message:   Navigation system failure.
“Jade, reboot the navigation computer.  Jade, can you hear me?”
Kirk checked other panels.  When his eyes came across the message:  Failure:  Suspended animation system:  pods 2, 3, and 4.  He was blindsided by the information.  His crew was dead.  He was alone.
“Warning!  Warning!  A malfunction has occurred. A malfunction has occurred.  Please check all navigational functions.”
Kirk made his way to the navigation station, passing past Jade’s entombed body in her pod.  He pressed a blinking yellow button on the panel to reboot the system.
“Warning!  Warning!  A malfunction has occurred. A malfunction has occurred.  Please check all navigational functions.”
Nothing happened.  He pressed the button several more times.  There was no change.
He returned to his command chair.  A red button in front of him was labeled: Manual Override.  When he pressed it, the steering mechanism slid out from the dash toward him.  He grabbed the handles and checked the main screen.  The image of a planet nearly filled it.
“This baby’s falling fast.  Computer, what’s the estimated time until surface impact?”
“Four minutes, twenty-nine seconds”
“Computer, plot me a course for a water landing.”
“Navigation systems are offline.”
“Alright, Walker, you’re going to have to land this bird the old fashion way.”
“Computer, send out an emergency distress message.  Include location coordinates.”
“Message cannot be sent. There are multiple system malfunctions.”
“Great,” Kirk muttered to himself.  “Well, it’s not like they didn’t know where they were sending us.  Sorry guys, you deserved better than to die like that.”
“Three minutes until surface impact.”
On the screen, Kirk began to see the surface of the planet that he was probably going to die on.  Everything was some shade of gold.  The sky, the land, and what appeared to be some type of liquid. 
“One minute until surface impact.”
Kirk pulled the steering mechanism hard to the right.  The ship was coming in fast which made it hard to maneuver. With any luck he would put the ship down in the liquid substance. 
“Ten seconds until surface impact.”
“Mom, Megan, Joy, I love you!  I’ll see you soon!” 


*****


Kirk Walker felt cold. The feeling made him stir.  He opened one eye.  The screen in front of him blinked in and out showing images of the alien world when it worked. 
“Oh my God, I’m alive!” he thought to himself.
Regaining his senses, he realized that the craft was no longer moving.  He unbuckled himself from his harness and rose from his chair. 
“Nothing hurts.  That’s a good sign.”
A quick visual inspection of the cabin made him realize that his ship was in bad condition.  Wires hung from the ceiling.  Lights of red, yellow, and green flashed on and off sporadically.  Sparks popped and hissed from various pieces of equipment.  Suddenly the ship lurched backwards nearly knocking him off his feet.
“What the hell was that?” he yelled to no one.  It was then he remembered the fate of his crew.
“Alone again!”  The thought caused him to fill with rage.  “Why didn’t I die like the others?”
The ship moved again, but not as severely as it did before.
“Computer, status report.”
There was no response.
The ship slowly moved again, this time listing slightly to port.
“What's going on?” he asked himself.  Then it hit him.  That’s what he was there for, to find out what was going on.  That was his mission.  He had been sent by Space Force to investigate a signal coming from the planet’s surface. He needed to complete the mission and see if he could transmit the information somehow back to Earth.  He needed to complete the mission.  That’s what had kept him going in the Big Asian War and that’s what would keep him going now.
The ship groaned and tilted a bit more.
“Time to get moving,” Kirk said to himself.
The hatch release still worked and he was able to look outside.  He knew from the NASA briefing that the air should be similar to Earth’s.  It smelled a bit sweeter.  He breathed deeply.  The scent reminded him of being in a flower shop. 
The ship had landed in some type of liquid but was slowly sinking in it.  Kirk didn’t know how much time he had before she went under and he needed to act quickly. He placed the emergency raft package just outside of the hatch and pulled the cord on the side of it.  He tethered it to the side of the spaceship.  The large yellow craft began to fill with air and expand.  As fast as he could he gathered supplies, tools, and equipment and placed them inside the raft.
Being the only survivor meant that there was lots of room in the craft.  It also meant that there were plenty of rations for him.  “Thanks guys,” he said with a nod to the three suspended animation pods, “I’ll make sure I complete the mission for all of you!”
The ship lurched again.  “Gotta go!” he said as if they could hear him.  He gave them one final salute and made his way out the hatch and into the raft.  He untethered the craft and began to paddle away from the vessel.  When he was about one hundred and fifty meters from the ship, he watched her slowly slide backwards into the liquid; disappearing from sight.
“Where to Colonel?” he said to himself.
He picked up a pouch from the bottom of the craft and slid a device from inside of it. He toggled the switch on the side.  To his surprise, the device worked.  The signal it was picking up was faint and it was a far distance from where he was currently.
“That way!” he said aloud, pointing in the direction where the device was indicating.


*****


Over the next few days, Kirk Walker busied himself with collecting data about the planet using the equipment that he had salvaged from the ship and constantly checking to see if he was staying on course toward where the signal was being transmitted.
He called the planet Midas, because everything on the planet was a various shade of gold.  The sky was a very light gold.  It was completely cloudless.  Only where the planet’s sun shone caused it to have any variation.  At night, it took on a deeper golden hue.  Two tiny moons barely provided any light.  The fact that the entire surface of the planet was reflective helped to disperse whatever light they transmitted.
A day on Midas was shorter than a day on Earth by four hours.  Kirk quickly adjusted to it.  The temperature never varied staying at a warm twenty-one degrees Celsius.  The liquid that the craft sailed on was the consistency of Mercury.  The surface of the liquid was as smooth as glass.  As far as he could tell, it seemed to have no life in it.
The land surface was a different story.  It was varied.  The land rose and fell.  Like the water, it was smooth.  There were no jagged surfaces.  The terrain reminded Kirk of sand dunes in the desert.  As far as he could tell, no plants or animals inhabited the surface. 
Midas was a strange world.  It was deadly quiet.  Its monochromatic surface made it both beautiful and boring at the same time.  Because there was little variation in the color, it was hard to judge distance.  If not for the equipment onboard the raft telling him differently, it would have seemed like he never moved.
As the small craft traversed the smooth liquid surface of Midas, its many instruments gathered data and images and transmitted them via a small portable satellite dish back to a distant planet that may never receive them.
On day ten, something caught Kirk Walker’s attention. Something was moving along the shoreline in the distance.  He altered the course of the raft and cautiously paddled toward where he had seen movement.  Whatever it was had emerged from the liquid and was now sitting along the shore looking directly at him.  The closer he got; he began to get a clearer image of the creature.
It appeared to have a humanoid shape.  It was roughly one point six meters in length.  The creature had what appeared to be two arms and two legs.  Its skin was a silvery-gold color and reflected the early morning sun.  What amazed Kirk Walker was that the creature made no effort to flee.  It simply sat there observing him, splashing one foot in and out of the liquid.
Kirk landed the raft about twenty meters away from the creature.  He got out and pulled the craft onto the shore as best he could.  The weight of the supplies and equipment inside made it a difficult task.  Once he was fairly certain that the raft would not float away, he turned to face the creature.
He put his hands up to show that they were empty.  Slowly and cautiously, he took one step at a time toward the creature.  The closer he got to it the more he began to become fixated on the creature’s eyes.  They were slightly larger than human eyes.  What intrigued Kirk Walker the most was their beauty.  The eyes were iridescent.  The colors in them seemed to move across the surface of the eye.  The closer he got, the more he wanted to stare into them.
When he got within one meter of the creature, it slowly lifted its right arm and extended its hand toward him.  Kirk halted.  He took a minute to survey his surroundings and check to see if any other creatures had emerged.  Not detecting any, he studied the creature in front of him.  Its extended hand was webbed between the fingers.  The feet were webbed as well.  The creature was thin and muscular.  Its features were smooth like the surface of the planet.  As best that he could tell, the creature was female.  Its nose was small with tiny nostrils no more than slits.  The shape of the mouth was similar to a human.  The creature had no ears but did have gill-like areas near the back of the jaw line.
He moved closer.  Slowly, Kirk reached with his right hand and touched the creature’s hand.  At that moment, everything changed.
In his mind he could hear the creature.  It spoke to him in his thoughts.  At first, he could not understand but after a few minutes, it began to speak to him in English.
“Lonely.  Come stay with me.”
“Who are you?”  asked Kirk.  “Do you have a name?”
The creature stared at Kirk.  He could tell by her expression that she was confused.
“My name is Kirk.  I am from a planet far from this one.  I have come to see your world.  What is this place called?”
“Here,” came the reply.
Kirk chuckled to himself.  His response seemed to amuse the creature.
“Yes, we are here.  But what is all of this called?”  he said making a sweeping motion with his left arm.
The creature seemed to nod in understanding.  “Here,” she repeated, squeezing his hand slightly.
“Great,” he thought to himself, “she knows one word.”
The creature pulled on his hand.  “I am just beginning to understand your language.  It will take some time.  The name of this place is Here, Kirk Walker.”
“You can read my mind!”
“I can understand you.  Through touch, we can communicate.”
“What is your name?” he asked her.
“I am Here.”
“I understand that your world is called Here.  But what is your name?”
“I am Here.  The world and I are the same.”
“I don’t understand,” Kirk said.
“I am how Here communicates with you.”
“I see,” Kirk said, not fully understanding what the creature meant.
Here got up on her knees and pulled Kirk down to face her.  With her left hand she gently touched his face.  He stared into her beautiful eyes.
“You are different from the others.”
“What others?”  Kirk said.  “I have not seen anyone but you since I got here.  I am here to find the source of a distress call.  Can you tell me where the others are?”
Here dropped her head and looked away.  “They are gone.  They left me.”
Kirk looked at her quizzically.  “What do you mean?”
“I could not go with them, so they left me.  I have been by myself for very long.  I feel sad and lonely inside.  Kirk Walker stay with me please!  Do not leave me!” Here pleaded squeezing his hand harder.
Kirk turned her face toward him with his other hand.  He could see the sadness in her eyes.  He could feel her loneliness, her pain though his hand which held hers.
“I’m not going anywhere.” He said, trying to reassure her.
“Thank you, Kirk Walker,” Here said looking up at him.
“Here, why didn’t you go with the others?”
“Because I am Here,” she responded.  “I need to replenish.  I will come back soon.  Wait for me.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll be right here.”
“Here,” she repeated with what appeared to be a slight smile.  With that, she stood, walked into the liquid, and disappeared beneath its surface.


*****


After what seemed to be a long time, Here returned.  She found the alien busily moving about some objects at the spot where she had left him.  He turned to look at her and smiled.  She walked over to him and touched his hand.
“What are you doing?” she asked.  “What are those?”
Kirk’s eyes were now focused on the machine in front of him.
“These are machines that tell me about your planet.”
“I can tell you all you wish to know,” Here said.
“Let me put it differently.  These things, this equipment, measures things.”
“Measures?”
“Yes, Here.  They measure the temperature…how hot or cold it is.  They look at wind patterns.  These machines can tell me what your land is composed of and the liquid,” Kyle said motioning to the spot she had emerged from.
He could see by the look in her eyes that she did not understand him.
“Why do you wish to know these things, Kirk Walker?”
“To learn.  To understand.  To let others from my planet to learn and understand should they someday wish to come here.”
“More creatures like you might come?” Here asked, her eyes widening.
Kirk laughed.  It had never crossed his mind that on Here, he was an alien creature.
“Perhaps.  Would that be okay with you?” he asked.
“I do not know.  It depends,” she replied.
“What does it depend on, Here?”
“You,” she said seriously.
“Me?”
“Yes, and how you treat Here.”
She let go of his hand and walked back to the spot where he had first seen her.  She sat down and began to splash her foot in the liquid.  She stared out over the vast expanse of the liquid.  Kirk looked at her.  In her own innocent way, she was beautiful.


*****


For the next few weeks, the pair were inseparable.  Kirk would gather data with the equipment, take samples, perform experiments, and transmit the information to a planet that he didn’t know would ever receive it.  Here watched him, sometimes intently, sometimes with only mild interest.  Throughout the day, Here would slip off into the liquid, to “go for a swim” as Kirk began to call it.
One afternoon, Kirk grabbed a M.R.E. out of a container, walked over to where Here sat, and plopped down beside her.  She reached over and touched his hand.
“Why do you take things from those and put them in your mouth?” Here asked.
Kirk looked down at the M.R.E. and chuckled.  “This is how I get nourishment.  I need this to live.  When these run out…well…”
“Well what, Kirk Walker?”
“Well, that will be the end of me.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that I will die, Here.”
Kirk could see sadness in her eyes.
“And I will be alone again,” she said.
Kirk sighed.  “I’m sorry, Here.”
“I will not let that happen, Kirk Walker.”
“There is nothing you can do,” he said squeezing her hand.
“You are wrong.  Here can nourish you.”
“I don’t see how.  As far as I can tell there is no vegetation or animals on your planet.  There is nothing here for me to eat.”
“You do not need to eat.  You need to replenish.  I replenish.  I taught the others to replenish.”
Kirk looked into her eyes.  He could see her concern for him in them.
“The liquid…it can replenish you.  You must allow it to.  You will not die, Kirk Walker.”
“I do not understand,” Kirk said.
She squeezed his hand and smiled.  “Tomorrow I will show you.”


*****


“Kirk Walker.  Kirk Walker.  Come with me. It is time to replenish.”
Kirk slowly opened his eyes and sat up.  He could tell by the position of the sun it was early in the morning.
She pulled on his hand.  “Come with me.  It is time to replenish.”
He stood and stretched, trying to shake off the stiffness from sleeping on the planet’s surface.
Here pulled on his hand again.
“Okay, okay, I’m coming,” he said with a smile.
Here led him to the edge of the liquid.
“You do not need these,” Here said pointing to his clothing.  “The liquid must cover you.”
Kirk suddenly became very self-aware.  While he had seen Here naked since he had first encountered her, he had not removed his clothing in front of her.
She moved into the liquid, looking over her shoulder she could see him undress.
Kirk placed his left foot into the liquid and was amazed by the feeling.  It was warm, relaxing, and it had a slight tingling effect.  As slowly continued into the liquid, he could feel his body begin to respond.  It was amazing.  He felt the aches and pains diminish.  He felt energetic.  The liquid made him feel happy and whole for the first time in a very long time.  He looked at Here.  She was smiling.
“This is amazing!  I feel fantastic” Kirk exclaimed.
Here swam to him.  She felt for his hand.
“I am happy for you, Kirk Walker.  Here is all you need.  Here will take care of you,” she said
Kirk nodded and squeezed her hand.  “Thank you, Here.”
“You are welcome, Kirk Walker.”


*****


As the days passed, Kirk continued conducting experiments and sending the information out to a world he didn’t even know was receiving it.  Here was an odd and wonderful planet.  The liquid could sustain life.  It could be settled.  Kirk wondered why the “Others” had left and had abandoned Here.
Each afternoon, He and Here took time to “replenish”.  The ritual had become playful.  The two of them often acted like two kids in a swimming pool on a sunny summer afternoon.  Kirk didn’t know if it was his mind playing tricks on him or not, but with each passing day, Here seemed to look more human to him.
After replenishing, the pair often laid on the ground splashing their feet in the liquid, held hands, and talked.  One afternoon, Here looked into his eyes and said, “Are you happy here with me, Kirk Walker?”
He looked at her, gently touched her face, and said, “I am the happiest I have ever been.  You, this place, you make me feel at peace.”
She leaned forward and kissed him.  “Do not ever leave me, Kirk Walker.”
The way she said it gave Kirk pause.
“Why would I want to leave you?” he asked.
“The Others left me,” she said, dropping her head.
“Hey, I’m not them,” Kirk responded, lifting her head by the chin.  He could see the sadness in her eyes.  He kissed her.  “I love you, Here.”
The man from Earth and the female from Here fell into one another’s arms.  Kirk felt rapture as she pressed her body against his.


*****


Kirk began to notice changes in Here.  Not just in her physical form, she continued to look more human with each passing day. Except for the lack of hair on her head, the color of her skin, and her magnificently beautiful eyes, she could easily pass for an athletic human female.  The change was more in her demeanor. 
Here seemed to get frustrated with him when he was working on equipment or conducting experiments.  If he left to explore or to take readings, she would become upset.
“You have me.  Why do you still need to do this?” she screamed at him when he returned from an afternoon of surveying.
“It’s my job, Here.  It’s my duty to my country, to my planet, to my people,” he said.
“I am your job, your planet, your people!” Here insisted squeezing both of his hands.  “I love you, Kirk Walker, and you love me.  Here takes care of us.  What more do you need?”
Kirk squeezed her hands.  “It’s called purpose.  I need to know I have purpose. I have a mission, a duty, and it gives me a feeling of purpose…of worth.  Humans need this.”
Here looked away.  “I do not understand, Kirk Walker.” 
She let go of his hands and walked off into the liquid.  She did not return the rest of the day.


*****


Kirk was awakened by a loud crash.  He sat up and shook the cobwebs from his head.  There was another crash…metal…something metallic.  Where was it coming from?  What could it be?
Then it hit him…my equipment.  He jumped up and raced toward the sound.  When he got there, he couldn’t believe his eyes.  Even though it was barely light out, he could see the form of Here.  She was destroying his equipment.
“Here, what the hell are you doing?!” he yelled.
She stopped for a moment and looked at him and then turned to grab another piece of equipment.
“Stop! Stop it!” he yelled as he ran toward her. He grabbed her by the arm and turned her to face him.
Her face was filled with rage.  The human look he had seen for the past few weeks was nearly gone from it.
“Here, what are you doing?!  Stop this immediately!”
She struggled to free her arm from him.
“Here, stop please!”
“You do not love me, Kirk Walker.  You only love your purpose.”
“Listen to me.  I do love you…more than anything.”
With both hands he turned her to face him. 
“I love you with my heart,” he said pointing to his chest. 
She stared at him.  He could see the anger beginning to fade from her eyes.
“But I need to do my work for my mind,” he said now pointing to his head.  “It is important to me.”
“Here is important to you, Kirk Walker.”
“Yes, Here, you are very important to me.”
“Here takes care of you.  You are replenished.  I take care of your heart,” she said touching his chest.
“I need you.  But I need this too,” Kirk said gesturing toward the equipment.  “No more destroying it, please.”
“No more destroying, Kirk Walker.”
He pulled her close.  As he held her, he looked at the equipment strewn about the ground.  A red light suddenly began to blink on one piece. 
“The signal,” Kirk thought to himself.  The device was used to detect the signal that was being transmitted from somewhere on the planet.  It had stopped working a few weeks back.  “She must have done something to it when she threw it to the ground.”
Here kissed him on his neck.  “We should go replenish,” she whispered in his ear and kissed him again.
“I’ll check the device later,” he thought as Here pulled on his hand.
The pair made their way toward the liquid.  Here turned her head and smiled at him. She looked human again.  Kirk rubbed his eyes with his free hand.  “Maybe it had been a trick of the early morning light that had made her look alien.”  He looked at her again.  Her beautiful eyes held no anger in them.  By the way she was looking at him, Kirk knew Here was going to do more than replenish him.


*****


The two spent most of the day in the liquid or making love on the land near it.  Late in the afternoon, Here stretched and yawned.
“I need to rest, Kirk Walker,” she said with a smirk.
He sat beside her for a long time.  The sun reflected off her gold skin.  Kirk brushed her cheek.  She stirred a little but did not wake.
He got up and headed back to the equipment.  He wanted to see what kind of damage Here might have done.  The thought of the blinking light returned to him. “Maybe the signal is being emitted close by,” he thought to himself.
In the daylight, the scene was not nearly as bad as he expected.  A few pieces were knocked over.  A screen or two was smashed.  For the most part, everything seemed to be in working condition.  As he righted one piece, he noticed a claw mark across the side of it.  A shiver ran up his back. “You better watch yourself, Mr. Walker.  Your little vixen has quite the temper.”
Kirk picked up the device with the blinking light.  By the way the light was blinking, he could tell that it was receiving the signal and that the signal was strong.  He made some adjustments and swept it back and forth in front of him.  Suddenly the light stopped blinking and just stayed red.  Kirk checked some of the other pieces of equipment and cross referenced the data.  The signal was being emitted by something no more than twenty kilometers from where he was standing.  With some equipment, he would be able to follow the signal to its source.  He could finally find out who or what had been sending out a signal and perhaps even decipher its meaning.


*****


When he got back to Here, she was sitting in the exact spot where he had first seen her.  She looked up at him and smiled.  She patted the ground for him to sit next to her.  Reaching up, she took his hand.
“You returned to your equipment, Kirk Walker?”  she asked, already knowing the answer. 
He sat beside her, locking his arm with hers.
She leaned her head over against his.  “Does your mind feel better now, Kirk Walker?”
He laughed slightly.  “Yes, to some degree.”
They sat silently for some time and watched as the sun was beginning to fade above the liquid sea.
“Here, remember when I told you that I was sent to find the source of a signal that was coming from this planet?”
“Yes, Kirk Walker, I remember.”
“I think that I may have found the source and it’s not very far away.  I think I could get there in a day.  I want you to come with me.  Let’s take a trip tomorrow together and find out what this signal is all about.  Do you want to come with me?”
Here did not say a word.  She squeezed his hand tightly.  She started to make a sound.  Kirk thought it sounded like crying.
He put his arms around her and held her for a long time.  After she stopped “crying”, he asked her, “What is wrong?”
“I cannot go with you, Kirk Walker.  If you love me, you will not go either.  I do not want you to go.”
“Why?  That signal is what brought me to you.  It is my mission to find out what it’s about.  I want you to be there with me when I find out.  I want to share that with you.”
“I will not go with you.  I am begging you not to go.  If you do, you will never come back to Here.  She squeezed his hand harder and began to cry again.  “Please do not go.”
“Listen to me.  It’s a one-day trip.  If you don’t want to go that’s fine.  I’ll be back before you know it.  I love you and will not leave you.  I couldn’t if I tried, remember?!  I must do this, Here.  I need to complete my mission.”
“Then go, Kirk Walker.” She let go of his hand, stood, and walked off into the liquid.


*****


When he woke in the morning, he was alone.  There was no sign of Here anywhere.  He swam out into the liquid to replenish.  When he was finished, he stood on the shore and called for her several times.  There was no response.
He made his way back to his equipment.  He loaded some items into a backpack and headed out toward the location where the signal was coming from.  In his heart he wished Here was coming with him.
He walked for hours occasionally glancing down at the device in his hand.  The signal was getting stronger with each step.  Because he had replenished before he left and the gravity not being as strong as Earth’s, Kirk was able to traverse a great distance without much fatigue.  As the sun began to sink in the late afternoon sky, he thought he saw it flash off something in the distance.  With each step, that “something” began to take shape.  It was large and its surface was reflective. Not in the same way that the surface of the planet was reflective.  The color was different. When he got to within six kilometers of the object, it began to take shape.  It was a ship.
As he approached it, he could see that it was a craft of alien origin.  He had never seen nor flown anything like it on Earth.  Much of the bottom of the ship was covered with soil from the planet.
“This must have been here for a long time to have accumulated that much soil around it,” he thought to himself.
He stopped and slid the backpack to the ground.  He unzipped it and rummaged for a camera he had placed in it before he left.  He slid the tiny camera onto a band and placed it on his head.  He tapped the record button on the side, slid the backpack strap over his shoulder and proceeded forward.  As he got near the craft, he noticed an opening on its side.
“I’ll climb up the embankment to that opening,” he said to himself.
The ship was larger than the one he had arrived on.  Its exterior had a silverish-blue hue.  It was tubular in shape like an airplane, but bigger in diameter.  He could see no visible wings but noted they could be buried under the soil.  From what he could see, the craft did not appear damaged.
“It must have landed,” he thought.  “If it landed, maybe it might be able to take off again.  If there was no damage to the craft and the propulsion system worked, it might be able to fly.”
Somewhere in the back of his mind he heard Here say, “Do not ever leave me, Kirk Walker.”
At the base of the embankment, Kirk stood for a moment to take it all in.  In a moment, he would be entering an alien spacecraft.  He thought of the Walkers. 
“Mom and Dad, who would have thought your little boy would do all of this?  Fly to another planet, live there, fall in love with an alien woman, and now become the first human, as far as I know anyway, to board an alien spaceship. I know you’re up there, I just wanted to say thank you for giving me the chance to do all this.”  He closed his eyes for a second, took a deep breath, and began the climb to the craft’s opening.
As he neared the opening, his heart sunk.  There was a claw mark next to the opening.  Kirk recognized the mark; he had seen it on a piece of equipment the day before.  “Here,” he muttered to himself.
By the look of the opening, the “door” had been ripped off.  “It must be buried under the soil.”  Stepping inside the craft, despite all his years in the Airforce and all the training, he was completely unprepared for the carnage he saw.  Not only was the ship’s interior ripped apart but mutilated bodies in various stages of decay were strewn in every direction. Kirk reached up and turned off the camera.  If he had had any contents in his stomach, he would have lost them.
He turned on a flashlight and began to methodically make his way through the ship’s interior.  Corpses were everywhere.  Some appeared to have fought their attacker.  Others looked as though they had been cut down as they fled.  It appeared some had died trying to protect others, perhaps their children.  The bodies had been savagely ripped apart.  No mercy had been shown what-so-ever.  A thought hit him.  “The signal was a warning.  One of the aliens managed to send it before they were butchered.”  The same signal that had brought him to the planet.
He made his way back to the opening and stepped out.  In the distance, Kirk could make out a shape moving toward him in the twin moonlight.  “Here,” he said to himself.
He lowered the backpack from his shoulder.  Frantically he fumbled through its contents.  He had left the gun and knife back at the camp.  He remembered thinking to himself, “What will I need them for, Here is the only creature on the planet?”
Kirk Walker knew he would be no match for the alien.  She had single handedly killed an entire ship of beings.  He slid down to the base of the embankment, sat down, and waited.
She stopped about ten meters from him.  He looked up at her.  There was no anger in her eyes, only sadness.  She was crying.
“The Others, I assume,” Kirk said, nodding toward the ship.
She slowly walked to him, bent down and took his hand. “They were going to leave me.  They told me to come with them.  I cannot leave. I am Here and Here is me.  I begged them to stay.  I had been lonely for so long.  They were going to leave me all alone.”
“So, you killed them all.  You slaughtered them like animals.  I guess I’m next.  Go on Here, get it over with.”
“You do not understand Kirk Walker, Here loves you.  I would never harm you.”
“I bet you told them the same thing.  Just do it.  What’s one more killing to someone like you?”
Here raised her hand and swung it down at him.  The slap on his cheek stunned him.  Before he could react, she slapped him again.
“How dare you, Kirk Walker?  How dare you judge me like that?  You told me yourself that you killed many and you did so without remorse.  Do not sit there and judge me!  The pain inside me was so great that I could not stand it.  I know you know that feeling. I have sensed it in you.  We are the same, Kirk Walker; two lonely beings.”
Her words stung stronger than the slaps to his face.  What she said was true.  Kirk Walker had been alone the majority of his life. He had so much pain inside him; the pain of the loss of his wife and unborn daughter, the death of Mrs. Walker, all the hurt caused by his birth parents.  He thought that the killing would help ease his suffering. He had hidden his killing behind words like duty and mission.  He had killed far more beings than she had.  Kirk Walker was a killer too.
“You’re right, Here.  I am no different than you.”
“I have regretted that day.  It made the sadness and loneliness worse.  I cannot die, Kirk Walker.  Here is this planet and it is Here.  It replenishes me.  You know this.”
Kirk nodded.
“Everything changed when I saw you.  You stopped the pain and loneliness.  You made me feel happy again.  You make me feel at peace.  I love you, Kirk Walker.  I love you with all my heart,” Here said touching her chest.
Kirk sat there silently taking in her words.  He became aware that she still held his hand.
“I have no more secrets from you, Kirk Walker.  Here is with you and wants you to be with Here.  Please, Kirk Walker, love me.”
Kirk stood and looked into her eyes.  In the twin moonlight, they looked even more beautiful.  It was time for the anger, the pain and loneliness to end.
He squeezed her hand gently, leaned in and kissed her.
“Kirk Walker loves you.   You make me happy, Here.  You have ended my loneliness and have made me feel peace at last.”


The Fall of Vasha
April Ward

I woke early and ran to the window.  It is another beautiful day.  The sky is purple and the crystals glittered, high above the ground where my people live.  We call ourselves the Cralians. By a terrible twist of fate, we were forced to live atop giant crystals. We’re told that we can never go down to the ground because our God, Vasha, has cursed us.  My grandfather says the crystals were formed thousands of years ago before our planet was inhabitable. In the distant past our ancestors walked on the ground.  The mystery is the reason they carved steps and built cities in the crystals.  How they carved out the crystal is unknown to us.  My grandfather tells the people that our God Vasha did it, but my grandfather gives God credit for everything.  I’m pretty sure there’s something he’s not telling us. 
The elders call our planet Tearra.  I think it has to be the most beautiful planet of them all but what do I know.  It’s the only planet I’ve ever seen.
Grandfather is the keeper of knowledge for our people.  His name is Acuita, which actually means wisdom in our language.  Our family name is Eroa, which means discovery. Before my grandma died, she used to tell me he was born for his job.  In reality, all our ancestors were keepers of the knowledge for as long as I can remember.  I suppose I’m being groomed for the job.
My grandfather teaches me about the history of our people.  It’s my favorite time of day when I visit his spire to learn.  Today, I’m going early because I have so many questions!  I was up all night thinking about all that I’ve learned.  Grandfather says I exhaust him with my whys, hows, and whats. 
After leaping over small glowing spires, skipping every other step carved out of the gleaming crystal, pausing to look at the purple sky and look down at the beautiful blue/green and red ground below, I finally reached grandfathers intricately carved door. It is the most beautiful door I have ever seen with its frelena and monlar, two of the birds that we eat if we can catch them.  Grandfather says the frelena is a symbol of wisdom. It’s seldom caught by the hunters.  I stood there for a while and wondered how our ancestors made such a beautiful door. 
“Grandfather!” I yelled as I boisterously ran through the door, “are you awake?”
Acuita, rose from his chair with a start.   “Asawna!” grandfather exclaimed, “Child, you will be the death of me!  What brings you here so early?”
“Well, I have a few questions about our last discussion.”
“Yes, of course you do, Asawna.  Have a seat and let me get something warm to drink,“ he said with a yawn.  He brought the drink to the table and noisily pulled out his beautifully carved, crystal chair.  “Okay, what’s your question?”
“Questions,” I corrected.
“Yes, yes go on child,” he said while rubbing his eyes.
I paused, to look at my grandfather before I spoke.  He looked a little older today than yesterday.  His eyes were red and his beard seemed whiter than last time we talked. 
“Remember, when you told me why we have to stay off the ground?  You said our beliefs say that if we ever leave the crystals and venture out that Vasha will bring great harm to our people?  You said to step on the ground was instant death.”
“That’s correct.”  Acuita said wearily, “We must stay on the crystals.  The crystals give us life. Vasha will punish us if we ever walk on the ground.  It’s not safe.”
“Grandfather, Vasha is a wise God, right?”
He looked at me with squinted eyes.
“Asawna, you know the answer to that.”
I tried to gather my thoughts because I knew my question would frustrate him. 
“Well, meaning no disrespect, but why would a wise God create the ground and make it so beautiful and colorful if he meant us to stay on these colorless crystals?  Why would he make so much more ground than he did crystals if he didn’t want us to explore?  Why were we once allowed on the ground?”
Acuita interrupted in an annoyed voice, “Why, why, why, you bombard me with whys so early in the morning!  Because it just is, Asawna, it just is!  It has been this way for many years.”
With large eyes, I looked up at him and thought about my response, then replied, “Yes, but grandfather, why?”
He stood up to his full, tall height, his robes swirling around his thin frame.  His eyes fixed on me with great irritation and his voice boomed in anger, “You will do as your told and stay on the crystals!  You are a willful child with much to learn.  There is danger below!”
I was scared to reply but with my typical boldness, I responded, “Yes, there’s danger below, but the gardens that we grow on the crystals once came from below.  You said we’re running out of food and we’ll soon be incapable of making clothing and blankets.  If we can get all of that on the ground perhaps Vasha wants us to go back on the ground.”
Acuita had enough and he yelled, “Again you spied on the council meeting!  Your mother will hear about this.  It’s her fault for putting crazy ideas in your head and telling you stories that are nonsense!   I will see that your mother punishes you!  Perhaps, a few hours working in the gardens will teach you to stop spying. Out of my sight child! Run along home.”
“Grandfather, I’m no longer a child!  I turn 16 tomorrow!” I cried as I ran from his house.  
I didn’t do as I was told and go home.  I climbed to the top of the highest crystal and I looked out over the vast land.  It was lush, blue/green and red.  The color of the purple sky touched the ground and made me swoon with a desire to explore its beauty.  I thought about our people when they lived in harmony on the ground, until the day of the great flood.  I’ve never seen a flood.  Our ancestors created this place.  How we survive here was passed down to us but how they created this place is lost but I know a God didn’t do it. The historical writings taught us to cool the crystals and heat them, how to grow food on them and collect water.  Grandfather, seemed to know how to fix things when they didn’t work.  He gave credit to Vasha, but I knew there was something else.  He said that even our appearance adapted to suit the crystals so we could survive.  That’s why we have white hair and dark brown eyes.  Our skin is dark and our bodies are very thin.  But I wondered, why do we have so little of their knowledge and only the writings about survival on the crystals.  Grandfather would get irritated with me when I asked those questions.  I wondered why.  I was snapped out of my ponderings when I heard my mother calling. 
I wasn’t supposed to climb that high but I loved to climb.  I could do so all day.  As I scaled the crystal, I could see that lots of people were stirring below.  I saw my friend Shala and her irritating brother Cannar looking up at me from the distance.  
I yelled, “Shala, look up here!  Shala!”
I noticed my mother also heard my calls to Shala.  She was headed in my direction and didn’t look happy. 
My mother reached me first.  I watched her walking toward me.  She was the most beautiful Cralian on our planet, or so I thought.  Even her name, Sarel, stood for rare beauty.  She and I, unlike the rest of our people, had a shock of color in our white hair.  Mother's streak is as red as could be seen on the ground below.  Mine is the blue/green color of the ground.  Mother’s eyes are the oddest color.  They’re purple like the sky when the sky is at its most beautiful.  Grandfather seems to hate that mother is different but I love it.  I didn’t like it when I was younger, before I met my friend Shala because it caused many of our people to think that I was a child of Deva, the evil one that Cralians believe lives on the ground and waits to harm us.  They thought that since mother and I had a shock of hair in colors found on the ground that we must belong there with Deva.  Well, I know my mother isn’t evil so it’s just ridiculous. 
“Asawna, why must you always disobey me?  It’s dangerous to climb that high!  Must my daughter be the wild one?” she said while shaking her head. 
“But mother, that’s the only place where I can see for miles and miles.  It’s so beautiful on the ground.  The colors are so bright!  Imagine if we could just go down and explore for a little while?”
Sarel looked around then came close enough for me to hear her whisper.  “Child, you must not speak like that.  The people will think you belong to deva.  You know how superstitious they can be.”
“I just don’t understand.  Why can’t we try to go down there?  Maybe it’s okay now.  Would Vasha want us to starve to death?”  I said with disdain.
Mother looked at me long and hard but she didn’t look angry.  “You were eavesdropping on the council again. Your grandfather is very angry about it.  He’s the most important man to our people and yet you are the most undisciplined child.”  Her eyes softened as she whispered, “My curious one, I too have many questions about our beliefs but our people are an unquestioning, God-fearing people.  They don’t understand us, so we must be careful.  I’ll never ask you to stop questioning but I must ask you to be more discrete.  You’re so much like your mother,” she said as she held my chin in her hand.  “Well, off to the gardens with you.  That’s the great Acuita’s punishment for my rebel daughter.”
I put on my best pout and whined as I stomped towards my friends, “This isn’t fair!  I only wanted to know what’s going on with our people!”
My friend Shala, who had been waiting at a short distance, had an amused look on her face as I stomped up to her.  I gave her a sly grin.  She is my dearest friend and the only one who didn’t care about my blue/green streak of hair.
“What are you smiling about,” I said grumpily.
“Oh, I don’t know, maybe it’s because my best friend is always in some sort of trouble.  I don’t have to do anything wrong, my mother scolds me simply because we’re friends.”  She chuckled to herself.
Cannar, haughtily walked up to me and put his arm around my shoulders and chided, “Oh, little crystal climber, when will you learn?  You will be carried off to a Frelena’s nest one day and be forced to warm her eggs as punishment for climbing so high.”
I threw his arm off of me in disgust.  “Go away, Cannar!  Do you ever mind your own business?”
Cannar feigned a hurt look but stayed close and walked behind us.
“I have to work in the gardens as punishment for spying on the council,” I told Shala as we walked toward the fruit trees. 
“That’s great!”  Shala exclaimed with excitement in her voice.  “I volunteered to work there today.  I love working in the gardens!”
We talked as we walked.  “I was thinking, if our ancestors built all of this then there must be a way to get up here from the ground,” I stated in a questioning tone.
Shala stared at me with an intrigued look.  “Yes, I suppose there must be some way.  Unless Vasha just placed us here.”
“Oh, please don’t mention Vasha.  Does anyone ever question anything?  I hate living here! Vasha this and Vasha that! Can’t we just think without that nonsense?” 
Shala looked like she was going to cry but she didn’t look up as she replied. “I’m sorry, it’s just scary how you talk sometimes.  I don’t want to be punished.”
“Trust me, there is no one to punish you.  Try to think deeper about our life here.  Have you ever seen Vasha?  Stop being afraid to ask questions. We’re running out of food and our ancestors from thousands of years ago can’t help us with their crazy beliefs! We have to help ourselves!”
“But, but how can you be sure you’re right?”  Shala, stuttered, “We’re only kids and our parents believe that Vasha will punish us if we anger him.”
“I’ve been thinking a lot about it and none of it makes any sense.  Grandfather says to fear not, yet he tells us to fear God.  He also says that asking questions is good but then he tells us not to question Vasha.  Grandfather says that God made us the way we are and then he tells us to change how we are.  I know there is a way off these crystals and I don’t care who thinks I’m a stupid child!  I plan to go down to the ground and look around and you better not tell anyone!”
Cannar put his hand on my back as he spoke, “Well, if you’re going to the ground, I’m going with you to make sure you’re safe.” 
“Just why do you think I’d let you come with me? I don’t need you for protection” I declared in frustration.
With a twisted know it all grin, Cannar proclaimed, “Because I think I know where the way down may be.”
I looked at him with excitement in my eyes and stammered, “When, where, how did you find this out?  Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Okay, okay, calm down Asawna,” whispered Cannar in a concerned voice.  “I’m not certain, but what I think makes sense.  You know how we’re forbidden to go to the south side of the crystals because they say it will interfere with the breeding of the Frelena and Monlar?”
“Yes, yes that’s it!  You’re right!”  I joyously proclaimed.
As if to punctuate the moment a Frelena flew overhead and screeched a long loud screech.  Causing all of us to jump in the air as if our conspiring had been exposed.  We laughed at each other for a moment then got back into our huddle. 
I looked from Cannar’s excited face to Shala’s overly large, terrified eyes and said, “If we do this, we do this together.  There can be no turning back and no telling anyone.”  Cannar and I looked at Shala who shrugged her shoulders.  “We have to stick together.  Is it a deal?”
“Deal,” said Cannar
“Deal,” whispered Shala, but she didn’t look convinced.
We agreed to meet the next day with bags of what we could gather for our trip and sneak off to the south side of the crystals to see what we could find.  Cannar and I worked happily in the gardens but Shala seemed distracted.  I was concerned that she may tell our parents but I decided I had to trust her. 
It was a beautiful day for an adventure!  I woke up early and filled a small bag with what little food I thought mother could spare.  I packed a couple more odds and ends and then sat at the table waiting for my mother to wake up. 
My mother, looking as beautiful as ever, came in and looked at me with a quizzical look then went about making her drink.  “What is my lazy daughter doing up at this hour when she has no work to do today?” she uttered as she made her morning beverage.  Then she turned to look at me.  While tossing the shock of red hair out of her eyes, she asked with suspicion, “What are you up to Asawna?  I hope, whatever it is, it doesn’t rile up your grandfather.”
“Of course not, mother. I’m just hanging out with Shala and Cannar.  We’re going to climb the crystals, but not the tall ones,” I said with turned down eyes. 
Mother always knew when I was lying so I tried not to look at her as we ate.
I went to stand up when I felt my mother’s hand on my wrist.  I turned to look into her unique purple eyes.  I thought I saw a hint of knowing. 
“Have a safe day, my dear one.  Be careful on the crystals and please behave yourself.”  Sarel looked at her daughter a little longer then said, “You do look excited to start your day so run along.  I love you.”
As I left the house, I wondered how she always managed to make me feel guilty before I even did anything wrong. 
We met out at our special spot where the crystals crisscrossed a bit and we discussed our journey.  It would be dark before we could get home and it would be dangerous to try to walk the crystals so we may have to make camp.  Cannar brought everything we would need.
We walked and talked for what seemed like hours.  We saw things that we had never seen before.  On occasion, a monlar would swoop overhead and try to scare us away.  We were just glad the frelena weren’t out and about.  They are a much larger bird and they could be intimidating, to say the least.  
Finally, we reached the forbidden zone.  The place cursed by Vasha.  All of us stood still, staring at the unknown.  There was a spikey crop of small crystals atop the large crystals that glittered in the light causing a reflection of the purple sky to shoot off in all directions.  It was breathtaking.  
Shala whispered, “Surely, this is a warning from God not to cross into the forbidden crystal?”  I’ve never seen such a beautiful place.”
Cannar and I looked at each other.  It was programmed into us from our birth that we’d be cursed by God for doing what we’re about to do, but in my heart, I knew it was the right thing.  So, I pulled myself together, looked at my friends and drew a deep breath before I explained, “Shala, I would never do anything to hurt you.  Grandfather taught us a lot but how many times was he wrong? If Vasha were real then why did he make a fool of his keeper of knowledge?  I’ve thought about this a lot when I climb.  Something isn’t right.  Grandfather gets angry with me when I ask questions.  He isn’t telling us something.  I think he knows we can get off these crystals.  He can’t ask us to have no fear and then tell us to fear Vasha.  It makes no sense.  If Vasha exists then he knows that for us to exist we have to go to the ground.  Our people will starve if we don’t try.  We’re doing this for them.”
“You don’t think Vasha exists,” countered Shala, “Asawna, what are you saying?  What if you’re wrong?  What will happen to us?”
“Remember Shala, the first rule of Vasha is to fear not.  Perhaps, try to have some faith in yourself, not something you can’t see.  Maybe something made up by our ancestors is outdated and keeping us from what we need.  You can turn back if you want but I choose to believe in myself.”
I was sad, when through tears, Shala sobbed, “I’m going home.  I’m too scared and I don’t want Deva to get me.”
I studied her for a moment then I turned to Cannar and asked, “Are you too scared.  Will you be leaving with her?”
Cannar laughed, “I promised to keep you safe so I guess I’ll have to fight Deva if we run into him.  I’ve questioned the beliefs of our parents too.  I want to see the truth and I’ve always wanted to see what lives below the crystals.  I’m going with you. After all, I’m the one who suggested that this is where we’ll find the way down.”
We said our goodbyes to Shala then turned to face the unknown.  It was tough and dangerous climbing over the small crystals.  Some were very sharp.  I cut myself on one and Cannar overreacted to the tiny injury, which was odd.  He was acting overly protective and not at all like himself. 
Once we got over the tough place, we had time to rest a little and eat something small.  I was looking down when Cannar gasped, “What wonder is this.  It’s so beautiful!”
I looked up and froze in awe of the vision before me.  The oddest shaped crystals in every color were scattered all around us.  They seemed to be on display.
“What is this place?  It’s so amazing,” I said as I walked around touching the shining crystals. They were all so different.  Some were sharp, some were smooth, some were round and square, but all were unique and beautiful. The place was a maze but there was a carved-out path that we followed as it wove its way around the crystals in all directions.  What looked like carved pedestals that displayed massive crystals in odd shapes and colors, filled every corner it reminded me of something.  It reminded me of the food gardens that our ancestors left us back home. 
Cannar was looking at a curious colored crystal and shaking his head when I declared, “This is a type of garden.  Look how it’s set up.  Over there are some carved crystal benches.  Why, I believe this is a crystal garden.”
In utter amazement, Cannar agreed, “I believe you’re correct.  I could walk around this garden all day.”
“Well,” I related, “we don’t have all day on this trip, but maybe sometime in the future.  Let’s see if we can find a way down.  Let’s follow this cut path and see where it takes us.”  
We reluctantly headed down the carved path in search of our way to the ground.  The path entered into a sort of tunnel created by crisscrossing crystals.  There were carvings of different creatures we had never seen before.  It almost seemed like a story was being told.  We looked but decided we’d better keep moving before it got too dark.   
The tunnel ended in an odd place where there was a circle of carved crystals.  We walked over and looked down.  There were intricately carved stairs spiraling for miles it seemed.  We strained to see the bottom.   Over to the side were these large platforms, slightly set into openings that looked like they had once been attached to something but whatever it was it was long gone.  Perhaps there was a faster way up, but how they did it I had no clue. 
I looked a Cannar and jokingly asked, “Do you think you have what it takes to climb that far?  It looks like there are platforms every so often where we can rest but it’s a long way down.”
Cannar did not look amused as he insisted, “If you can do it then I’m sure I could do it better.”
“Well, okay, we shall see.  Let’s get to it, we have a long way to go.”
We weren’t even halfway down when we stopped at our first platform.  It was getting dark so we decided to rest there and go the rest of the way when it got light.   
We got comfortable and theorized on what we may find on the ground, until Cannar asked me why I believed Vasha didn’t exist.
I thought about it for a long time then explained, “My grandfather has been teaching me since I was young. Not only about Vasha, but we would read the great poets together. One line has always stayed with me, an angry reaction to an honest question says a lot when anger appears be wary of a secret or a plot.  Grandfather never does what he teaches us nor does the being he teaches us about.  Both say one thing then do another.  It only makes sense that it’s made up.  A god would be smarter than to plant doubt by being so contradictory in his writings and in his holders of knowledge.  The fact that my questions scare my grandfather is all I need to know.  At first, I was afraid to question Vasha, but I remembered how it said to fear not.  My grandfather can’t tell me to fear God and fear not at the same time.  Fear is what keeps him from letting us find other ways to feed the people.  Sadly, I think he fears losing control of the Cralian people.  He fears them listening to someone else instead of him.”
Cannar looked around as if he was afraid to say something.  Then he got a serious look and revealed, “Acuita came to our house one night.  I was supposed to be asleep but I wasn’t.  He came to speak to my father.  My father had asked if he could take a group and see if they could find eggs on the south side of the crystals so the people wouldn’t starve.  Your grandfather told him that he’d been visited by, Vasha in a vision.  Vasha told him if they even went as far as the small crystals, they would all perish. I was watching them but they couldn’t see me.  That’s when Acuita turned his back to my father and I could see his face.  I could see that he was lying but he did not know I saw him.  I couldn’t understand why he didn’t want his people to eat.”
The two of us looked at each other for a while.  I felt so embarrassed that my grandfather was keeping secrets from his people.  He was using fear and manipulation and lying.  What could he possibly be hiding?
I didn’t want to talk about it anymore so I simply yawned and told Cannar we could try to figure it out in the morning.  I turned my back to him and just lay there thinking all night about my grandfather, Vasha, and what secrets could be hidden on the ground.  
We were awakened by strange sounds coming from below us and we both squinted hard to try to see what it was.  I felt a bit nervous but even more excited to see what it could be.  It wasn’t an unpleasant sound. I looked at Cannar with a nervous grin and hoped my curiosity didn’t get us killed.
“Off we go into the unknown!  We’ll be the first in hundreds of years to be on the ground.”  I emphasized, knowing it was a very big deal. 
We climbed the steps for hours and hours until we were both exhausted and it started to look like it was past noon.  We could see the red ground and the blue-green foliage.  There were many more colors mixed in the foliage, the closer we got.
“Should we keep going or are you getting tired?” I chided with a grin.
“Don’t worry about me,” Cannar teased back, “It’s I who should be worried about you.”
We both laughed and kept going.  As we walked, we talked about my grandfather.  We wondered why he would lie.  We talked about being afraid of Deva when we were younger but not really believing the stories our parents told us.  We laughed about the scary prayer that all the parents made their children repeat at bedtime.  I decided to say it out loud. 
“Atop a crystal, I lay my head and thank Lord Vasha for my bed, if Deva steals me to the land of the dead. I pray Lord Vasha takes me instead.”  I prayed mockingly as we continued to climb.  
We laughed so hard we were crying.
“No, that’s not scary at all,” laughed Cannar.  “What were our parents thinking?  I could never sleep after that.  I was too busy looking for Deva.”
It seemed like we laughed the rest of the way down. We were there before we knew it.  Both of us stood on the last step wondering what to do.  Still holding a little of that superstition in the back of our minds.  Still scared about stepping on the ground for fear of Deva.  
Finally, I burst out, “Let’s join hands and step down together.”
“Sure, but if you wanted to hold my hand you didn’t have to ask just take it,” Cannar said with a snicker. 
I gave him a headshake then took his hand and together we stepped on the ground for the first time.  It was soft and in places mushy but Deva didn’t grab us and Vasha didn’t strike us down like we were taught. We stayed close together and walked under the many different shades of blue/green trees.  The red varied in color too and there were little specks of bright color everywhere.  Everything had a different smell and texture.   Rocks shimmering with all different color crystals poked out of the ground.  Our senses were reeling.  There was a colorful round fruit that looked a little like something we grew up above, it was smaller, but there were many more here.  I put some in my bag to bring back with me.  The red ground cover felt mushy and soft.
We loved the way it felt under our feet.  We studied the small crystals of all colors.  Then, we heard something in the distance.  
“Should we go see what’s making that sound?”
Cannar looked up then handed me a crystal that was many colors.  It was so beautiful.  I smiled at the gesture then noticed something at the foot of the steps.  It was a carved crystal.  We pulled back the weeds that covered it and to our surprise, it had my family name etched into it.  “Eroa Garden,” I read aloud “so that was a garden of crystal?  We also noticed the giant platforms again.  I looked at Cannar and speculated, “do you think those platforms were somehow used to take our ancestors up to the garden?”
While looking at them, then looking up toward the gardens, Cannar replied, “I certainly do.”
My mind was reeling but I was drawn to the sound in the distance so once I again I asked Cannar if he wanted to go check it out. 
“Sure, let’s go see.  Well, have to sleep out here tonight,” he remarked.
“Well, I guess that will be okay,” I responded with a nervous grin.
We walked for a while pushing aside the dense foliage as we went.  I was glad it was still light out.  We arrived at the place where the sound had originated and when we walked into the clearing, we saw the most beautiful waterfall surrounded by rocks filled with crystals of all colors.  There were so many beautiful flowering plants surrounding it.  We stood in awe of the sight.  It was just like the stories we were told when we were children of a magical place with magical creatures. After we looked around a while, Cannar began to clear a spot for us to get some rest, before it got too dark.  He seemed amazed by everything he touched.  We had only seen vegetation like this contained in our gardens on the crystals and it was never allowed to get unruly.  
I walked up to the water's edge and looked in to see my reflection when I felt something on my leg.  I jumped, and whatever it was ran to hide behind a pink crystal filled rock.  There was no certainty that this creature was friendly so I called Cannar to join me.  We tried to stay calm while we whispered about what we should do if it’s not friendly.  
Remembering the fruit in my bag I whispered, “Perhaps if we offer it some food it will come out?”
“Good idea, but go slow” replied Cannar
We squatted down and I put my hand out with the small fruit and we waited.  After a while, the timid little creature peeked out at us.  It was the oddest shade of blue with a streak of white on its head.  The creature’s very large eyes were like blue crystals and it had webbed feet with long claws that looked like they would hurt if it decided to scratch.  We were a bit nervous but intrigued.   
Slowly, the blue creature came up to my hand and sniffed the fruit as I studied everything about it.  Cannar seemed to have stopped breathing as he stared in amazement.  Then, the little thing took the fruit in its mouth and scurried to hide again.  We both relaxed and sat on the ground.
As we sat eating the little food we had left, we discussed the meaning of the sign with my family name on it. 
“Perhaps, because your family are keepers of the knowledge, they made a park in their name like we do for the keepers of the gardens,” suggested Cannar.
“That could be it,” I agreed.  “Maybe we’ll find something to help us make sense of it?”
It was just starting to get dark when the strangest thing happened.  The rocks of crystal started to glow, which caused me to stop leaning on the rock I was resting on and sit up.  When I did that the rocks stopped glowing.  Eventually, I leaned back again and the rocks started to glow.  We finally put it together that leaning on specific rocks caused the wall of crystals around the fall to glow. 
“Our ancestors must have been brilliant to create such wonders,” exclaimed Cannar. “How could we have lost so much of their knowledge?  I wonder how they get the crystals to light up?”
Knowing that my family was the Keepers of Knowledge, I hung my head in shame, “I don’t know, but I wish I did.  Something’s not right about all of this.”
We heard something loudly breaking through the foliage heading toward us so we decided to get out of sight in the overgrowth. The glow of the crystals went out as we left. The little blue creature also scurried out of sight. Both of us tried to steady our breathing while we waited.  Then it came into sight at the water's edge.  Cannar must have leaned against one of the rocks accidentally because the crystals lit up and we could see the creature plainly. It was large and sleek with hair that seemed to change colors depending on the light.  The eyes were piercing purple like my mothers, only way more dangerous looking, and it had sharp teeth.  I could tell this was not a friendly creature like Little Blue.  The fact that the tiny, passive creature had disappeared was all I needed to know.  We grew weary standing still watching and waiting.  The creature snapped its head in our direction and sniffed the air a few times but it came no closer.  Finally, it turned to leave.  
“I think we should sleep on the stairs tonight,” Cannar proposed, “we don’t know what danger surrounds us.” 
I agreed and we started to head back in the dark.  Not knowing which direction to take we paused and looked around trying to see.  As we walked, I could see crystals in the overgrowth. I stepped toward one and it lit up. All of the sudden, crystals lit up on both sides of us and continued through the forest as if to form a path, so we walked between the lights. I saw Little Blue up ahead but the lights didn’t seem to go off for the creature.  I thought to myself, somehow, only people could light the crystals. Our ancestors were amazing, I thought to myself.
Before we climbed the stairs, I grabbed a handful of the small fruit and put it in my bag.  By the time we reached the platform, we were exhausted. Both of us sat down immediately.  While taking a sip of water, I noticed Little Blue peeking up at me.   Grabbing the fruit, I put my hand out.  Little Blue walked up to take some as if he’d done it a million times before.  
“It looks like you have a friend for life,” laughed Cannar, “but I can’t help but wonder why the creatures from the ground didn’t climb the stairs before?  It seems like there are so many things we don’t understand about our ancestors.”
Once again, I felt ashamed to be related to the Keepers of Knowledge.  I was thinking this when Little Blue curled up beside me to keep warm.  Oddly, it felt natural to have Blue there and I fell asleep quickly.  
I opened my eyes to see my mother looking down at me.  I jumped up with a start.  Blue jumped up and took a defensive stance. 
“Mother!  How, what?”  I stuttered with anxiety.  “What are you doing here?”
I noticed Cannar talking to his father, who didn’t seem too happy. 
“I can’t say that I’m happy with you but I’m happy you’re safe,” said mother, as she looked me over. “Many of our people are above waiting to see if you’re okay. Your grandfather is in big trouble.  People want some questions answered.  They’re angry at being lied to.  It seems a lot of our history is carved into the tunnel.  Things that we were never told.  As Keepers of Knowledge, it was our family's responsibility to teach our history. You’ve certainly changed things child but change is a good thing.”  She smiled and then looked at Blue. “Cute little thing.  It seems to like you.”
We started the long journey up the stairs.  Cannar and I told them about the glowing crystals and the scary creature.  We showed them the small fruit and discussed what all of this meant for the future of our people.  I told my mother about the sign with our family name on it and we wondered what that meant.  It seems that Acuita has a lot to tell us.  We couldn’t understand why he would keep such a big secret. 
When we finally reached the top, we saw people in the tunnel reading the history and mumbling angrily.  We squeezed past them and they patted us on the back for our rebellion.  They seemed happy to know the truth yet angry that they were lied to.  
It was getting dark when we finally entered the crystal garden.  We noticed that people were activating the crystals by touching different places.  The entire garden was flashing different colors.  There was activity and exclamations of joy all around us until we approached the group of Cralian elders surrounding grandfather.  They were grilling him about why he kept them from leaving the crystals, Vasha, the history and our family. 
When my grandfather saw me, he yelled, “Asawna, I’m glad you’re safe.  There are dangerous creatures on the ground!”
Hearing this, the people in the gardens gathered around to hear my tale about what we found on the ground.  I studied my grandfather’s, tired face and a wave of pity enveloped me.  “It’s best we hear his story first,” I exclaimed.
Deciding to hear grandfather’s reason, I pleaded, “Tell us everything, please.  I’m sure you had a good reason to hide things from us. We’ll try to understand.” I felt a bit nervous, as I looked around at the angry faces.
Acuita, Keeper of Knowledge, did not look confident as he stood to tell his tale.  “Friends, I know you’re angry and you should be.  My reason may not make up for the years my ancestors kept us on the crystals.  The Eroa family has much to apologize for.  We were a family of inventors.  Always thinking of ways to make the life of our people better.  We had a very advanced society.  Our world had everything and our people were happy and lived a life of ease.  There were many different parks and beautiful cities on the ground.  We learned to light the crystals by our touch or our presence if it were dark.  Everything was perfect but my family didn’t know when to stop.  We wanted more.  We wanted to divert the water on Tearra to create something that was impossible because, in our arrogance, we thought we could control the planet.   We thought we could bend her to our will but Tearra is a proud planet and she would not yield.  Our overly large dam broke.  There was a flaw in the design but our pride made us rush it along.  It was the ancestors of the Eroa family who thought they could do anything.  They got cocky and didn’t test it enough.  Everything else had come so easy.”  Tears ran down his face as he related the tale. 
A woman in the crowd, yelled, “What about Vasha?  So, we won’t be punished if we touch the ground?”
Grandfather looked as though he aged 20 years in that moment as he looked the woman in the eyes, “The Eroa family and the elders of the time made the god up in order to calm the people.  They had to control those that survived the flood.  Many wanted vengeance.  The elders knew they could never survive on the crystals without the Eroa family inventions so they used fear and they lied.  The people added to the lie and created many superstitions.  The entire thing got out of control.  The lie of a god changed constantly with new rules being added and some being taken away.  We had problems with the children who so feared Deva that they couldn’t sleep.  Trying to calm the fear was a just cause to make up even more lies.  There is no Vasha and certainly no Deva.  When we lived on the ground, we had no gods.  We were simply a peaceful people that lived by one rule, kindness.  The crystal above our great city on the ground read, you will find no fear only kindness here.  We destroyed everything because of the very thing our people disdained, fear.”  Acuita hung his head in shame.
The crowd was angry. Some didn’t want to believe it. They had invested their entire lives into a lie and they taught their children the lie. Many were calling for punishment and some were crying.  Others were just wandering around in shock.  Women were asking what they should tell their children.  The Cralian people looked lost, angry and afraid.
I looked at my mother who had that spark in her eyes that she gets when she’s been pushed too far.  She was headed to a high flat top crystal in the middle of the garden.  When she stood on top of it the crystal lit up.  Mother’s hair glowed in the light and her purple eyes sparkled with determination.  
“Fellow Cralians,” Sarel said boldly, “will we let this destroy us? Will we forget our people are strong as the crystals we’ve lived on all these years?  Our kindness comes from within our hearts not from some fabrication made up to keep us controlled.  We never needed a god and we never really had Vasha.  Everything we did, was done by us and us alone. We survived, not because some god took care of us, but because we are one big family and we worked together. The Cralian people only needed each other.  Our children will understand if we tell them the truth.  To fabricate more lies would be wrong. Do we seek vengeance at this time of rediscovery or do we go to the ground and start anew?  There’s no changing the past but the future is ours and we have so much to look forward to.   Look at the damage the lies of our ancestors caused.  There needs to be a new saying on the crystal above our city on the ground.  I propose it say, We the people are the Keepers of Knowledge.  It may be hard to break the programming to fear Vasha but we will raise our children to know the truth and we will teach them love and kindness.  In time it will be like Vasha had never been made up.  
At that very moment Little Blue climbed up beside my mother and rubbed against her leg.  She bent down and picked the little creature up.  Blue nuzzled against her. After smiling at Blue, she looked at the crowd, who were oohing and awing, and she joyfully proclaimed, “This little creature is one of the wonders that awaits us on the ground and though, I’m sure not all living there is friendly, this little character assures us that we’ll find love and kindness in our new home. 
Some people were smiling and talking to each other.  Some were crowding around my mother to get a closer look at Little Blue, who seemed to be, loving the attention.  Mother looked pleased, but grandfather still looked heart broken.  The elders had left his side and were walking through the crowd trying to get an idea of what the people wanted to do.  One elder was on the platform with my mother.  He was smiling and petting Blue.  There were still elders that looked a bit angry and filled with suspicion so I knew it would be an uphill battle to break free of the old beliefs.  
I approached my grandfather, knowing full well that all of this was my fault. 
“Are you okay,” I asked in a soft voice.
“I’ll never be okay, Asawna.  The people will no longer listen to me.  I’ll be an outcast,” he lamented, as he held his head in his hands.  “I can’t say I blame them.  I knew, and I lied just like my ancestors.  I made up some of the stories about Vasha to suit my needs or my wants for our people and it was wrong.  I guess I liked when they came to me for advice.  I felt important.  I never wanted to go to the ground, even when I knew we needed to go.  I was so wrong. You are only a child and you knew what was right.  Well, they have the tunnels now so they will know everything.  There will be no more need of a Keeper of Knowledge.”
“Grandfather, you’ll still be needed.  You taught us for so long how to survive on the crystals.  We’ll need you to help us not make the mistakes our ancestors made.  We must always remember not to get arrogant and greedy.”  Then it dawned on me that he called me a child again.  In all the craziness I had forgotten my Birthday.  “I’m no child,” I said to him with a grin, “I’m 16 now!” 
I saw the smile that creased his face and he agreed, “You certainly aren’t a child anymore. You’re a great woman for our people.  I knew things were going to change when your mother was born with the red streak and purple eyes but when you were born with the blue/green streak I got scared.  It’s as if we were being called home.” 
I felt a tug on my arm and turned to see my friend Shala.  She looked at me timidly. 
“I’m so sorry I told your mother,” Shala sighed.  “I was just so scared thinking that we’d all be stolen away by Deva.  I wasn’t sure.  Please forgive me.”
“Of course I forgive you.  You’re my best friend.  Hey, I was scared too, but knew I had to know.”  I confided with a smile. 
We hugged each other then sat talking about all we’d seen on the ground. Shala was so excited about Little Blue and the waterfall.  As we sat talking, I watched Cannar approaching us.  Funny, I realized that I missed his company in that short time apart.  He came up and asked if he could talk to me alone for a minute.  Shala took her leave to go pet Blue and we were left alone.
Cannar was giving me a funny look, which was making me feel awkward.  Finally, he opened his hand in front of me and said cheerfully, “Happy Birthday, Asawna!”  He handed me a beautiful smooth crystal that was the same color as the shock of blue/green in my hair. “A crystal as special as you. It matches you perfectly.”
“Thank you, Cannar.  I’ll treasure it always,” I promised.
My mother came over to tell me everyone was headed back to tell the others the truth.  She asked Cannar if he would mind letting us have a moment.  
“Asawna” mother gave me a knowing grin. “I find it interesting that you gave our people a gift on your Birthday. We have a long way to go and it won’t be easy but I’m glad we are on our way and it’s all thanks to my little rebel.   I’m so very proud of you.”


The Dark Tower
Cassidy Raine Wolters

I was being chased.  If I faltered, I would be killed so I plowed through the knee-deep snow as best I could.  I wasn't sure if they were mutants or marauders.  It didn't matter.  Either way, I would be eaten. 
How did it come to this?
I'd wandered the wasteland for years.  When I was little, my great-grandmother said this place used to be called Mexico.  That was a century ago, before the ice age.  The world used to be enlightened.  It's not anymore. 
I realized, too late, that I'd been steered into a canyon.  It had all been a trap.  I found myself surrounded by insidious mutants.  They're glowing green eyes stared down at me from the rocks above.  In their disturbingly long fingers were the gruesome paraphernalia they used to flay their victims.
Marauders could be killed.  They were like me, forlorn figures trying to survive the miserable plight of our dystopian existence.  But mutants were something entirely different.  I'd managed to fight them off, now and then, over the years, but I had plenty of scars to remind me of their mind-boggling strength and rabid behavior.
I held my short sword in one hand, my dagger in the other, determined to go down fighting. 
A deafening roar pierced the drab, gray skies.
It wasn't the mutants.  It was something else.  Something I'd never heard before and hoped never to hear again.
The terrified mutants fled.
I did the same.
When I reached safety, I glanced back in time to see a long, spiked tail disappearing over a sharp precipice.  It was a sight that would haunt me for the rest of my days. 
It began to snow.  There was nothing odd about that.  It snowed every day.  But the flakes were thicker and wetter than usual.  I trudged on for several miles before I decided to take shelter.  I dug a hole in the deep snow, crawled inside, and covered the top.  My body warmth gradually heated the interior. 
My mind wandered back to the past.  Just before she died, my great-grandmother babbled incessantly about the Dark Tower.  She said it was a place of powerful magic, the source of evil that brought mankind's destruction. 
When her fever finally broke I thought she was going to be okay, but she died later that night.  The next morning I buried her body and began my aimless wanderings across this bleak, barren world.
That was many years ago.  
I traveled east and eventually came to a lifeless ocean.  I headed west until the scene repeated itself.
I tried to go north but the glaciers blocked my path.  I searched long and hard for a passage.  My efforts were in vain, though.  South was the only viable option.
Snow was my constant companion.  It fell incessantly from the ash-gray skies, accompanied by wintry blasts that dogged my every step.
There were still pockets of humanity scattered here and there.  They grudgingly offered food and shelter but I never stayed for long.  It wasn't my nature to live on the toil of others.  Now and again I heard rumors of the Dark Tower.  I followed every lead though my quests were always for naught.
Once I met a pretty girl who told me stories about the stars.  She said they formed pictures of strange objects, exotic creatures, and great warriors
I didn't believe her.  
The night sky was bland and dull, marked only by dark clouds.
She asked me to stay but I moved on.
Many months later I tried to find her again but I had no luck tracking her down, just as I had no luck locating the Dark Tower.
My attention returned to the present.  Reminiscing can be dangerous.  The siren song of the past is powerful and seductive.  
One must choose to live or dream.  
It can't be both.
I dug my way out of my shelter.  The snow had tapered off and I continued my trek through the few flurries that remained.  
Another week, another month.  It all blended together.
Then one day I came to a valley.  There, across a frozen river, was the object of my quest.
The Dark Tower.
It was not as I pictured it.  It was constructed of metal, with no visible means of entrance.  As I pondered my next move, the entire structure came to life.  A brilliant set of lights began to flash and a doorway opened.
I cautiously entered.
A voice devoid of emotion came from everywhere and nowhere.  "Please identify yourself."
"My name is Solomon.  Who are you?  Show yourself."
An image appeared on a screen.   "I am the artificial intelligence that controls this spaceship."
"Are you responsible for the destruction of humanity?"
"No."
"Do you know what caused it?"
"Most stars die a peaceful death.  After consuming their entire supply of nuclear fuel, they gently shed their outer gases into interstellar space.  But one in a thousand—a star whose mass is greater than seven times that of your Sun—dies in a violent, dazzling explosion called a supernova."  
"What does this have to do with mankind?"
"One occurred a mere ten light-years away from the Earth, dosing your planet and this ship in a lethal dose of cosmic radiation.  The crew died instantly.  The first casualties of your planet were the ozone molecules in the upper atmosphere."
"I still don't understand."
"With the ozone layer gone, cosmic rays were free to travel unimpeded to the planet's surface.  On the way, they ripped apart diatomic oxygen and nitrogen particles which readily combined to make nitrogen dioxide, the key component of smog.   The atmosphere darkened and the temperature plummeted.  The result was an ice age."
"Is there any place left on the Earth that's safe?"
"Negative.  But there are many worlds with friendly inhabitants and hospitable climates."
I thought of the pretty girl I met once, long ago.  "Out among the stars?"
"Affirmative."
"Can you take me there?"
"Yes."


Not my Fault
(An Idiots tale)
Scott Lee

“Idiot!!” grumbled Gabriel as he bashed another giant rat on its skull, stunning the giant rodent.
With another swing of his mace, he finished of the disgusting creature.
“Hey! It's not my fault!” defended Iggy. “I saved our asses, remember?”
“You call THIS saving our asses?” countered Durg, tapping his dagger hilt on the rock surface that encased the lower legs of the entire party.
Iggy just glared at his friend as he launched another missile of energy at a particularly huge rat that was scurrying towards him.
“Not my fault . . .” he muttered.

10 minutes earlier . . .

The four companions stood in the cramped corridor, looking at the door in the distance. The hallway was unusual, unlike any of the others they had explored up to this point. The corridor had narrowed as they approached this door, ultimately becoming the same width as the door itself, and this had set the group on edge.
“Go check the door for traps,” whispered Barther, nudging the thief who was behind him.
“I'm on it,” replied Durg as he moved to get past the fighter.
“Get out of my way!” whispered Durg, as he got caught up on Barther's armor.
“I'm trying,” replied Barther. “There's not much room here,” he said defensively.
Finally clear of his friend, Durg moved slowly towards the large wooden door ahead of him.
Stopping five feet shy of the door, the thief knelt down and slowly examined the stone in front of it. After a few seconds of examination, he turned his attention to the door itself. Looking over the lock, he studied it for about 30 seconds and then gave the all-clear sign to his comrades.
As his friends moved up behind him, he turned to them and whispered.
“I didn't find any traps, and the door is unlocked.”
“Right,” whispered Barther. “Let's open it.”
“Did you hear anything on the other side?” asked Iggy.
“No. Nothing,” replied Durg.
“Then I say we open it,” insisted Barther.
“Right,” said Gabriel. “Let's get into formation first.”
Squeezing around, Barther moved to the front, closest to the door, followed by Durg, then Iggy, with Gabriel at the rear of the group.
“Ok. Let's do this,” whispered Barther.
Grabbing the handle, he slowly pushed on the door. To his amazement, the large wooden surface pivoted from the bottom, not the side, forming an extension of the floor he was standing on. Cautiously looking inside, Barther was baffled by what he saw
Beyond the door, the floor of the room stepped down about two feet into an odd, four-foot-wide, squared off channel that ran the entire length of the 75-foot-long room. What was even more unusual was the slopping walls on either side of the doorway that led to and merged with the deep channel in the floor about 15 feet beyond the entrance. Essentially, the walls created a ramp.
“Oh, this doesn't look good,” said Barther quietly.
“What?” asked Durg anxiously. “What do you see?”
“Yeah. What is it?” asked Iggy, his curiosity peaked.
“See for yourself,” replied Barther.
Tucking himself against the wall of the corridor, Barther tried to give his friend room to see. Squeezing in next to him, Durg stared in wonder.
“What in the world?” he exclaimed.
Hearing his response, Iggy and Gabriel pushed forward to get a look, cramming into the doorway with their friends.
“Guys! There's not enough room!” exclaimed Barther.
“I want to see!” demanded Gabriel.
“Me too!” added Iggy.
“Ugh! Your breath stinks!” Durg groaned.
As, Gabriel, the last of the four adventurers struggled to squeeze up to the entrance for a look, the gut-wrenching sound of stone grinding on stone could be heard beneath their feet.
“Oh shit . . . “ muttered Durg.
No sooner had the words left his mouth when a stone slab in the ceiling above them released, swinging down and slamming into the group, launching the four onto the door in front of them. Like a bizarre mousetrap, the trap unfolded as the door (its unseen side covered in grease) shot forward, landing in the channel and sliding into the center of the room.
As the stunned party members struggled to their feet, they again heard the sound of stone grinding. Looking back towards the doorway, they watched as a huge stone slab above the entrance began to rise. Seconds later, a massive stone wheel escaped the opening and came barreling down the ramp towards them. Still stunned from the impact of the slab, the group could only watch as the massive stone raced towards them.
Bracing for impact, and imminent death, a voice suddenly rose above the sound of stone on stone. A second later, a flood of mud washed over their lower bodies, nearly knocking them off their feet. As the mud settled, the group looked around bewildered. All, that is, but Iggy, who was standing there proudly, a large grin on his face.
“Not bad, Iggy,” said Gabriel smiling.
“Yeah, not bad at all,” confirmed Barther.
“Luckily Gabriel took the brunt of the impact from that slab,” said Iggy, slapping his comrade on the back.
“OW!!” screamed Gabriel. “Watch it!”
“Sorry buddy,” replied Iggy.
Their celebration was short lived, though. As the group regained their focus, they heard noises coming from the doorway again. Turning their attention back to the entrance, they were horrified to see giant rats dropping from the opening where the stone had emerged, landing in the mud filled trench.
Despite the depth of the mud, the rats were still able to make progress towards the group. Realizing the rats were no immediate threat, the group looked to escape the trench to deal with the approaching nuisance. All except Iggy.
Seeing the rats, the wizard’s eyes went wide with fear. Before his friends could react, the magic user raised his arms and cast a spell. A moment later, the entire mud filled channel turned to rock, encasing the rats . . . and the four adventurers.

Back to the present . . .

“You just HAD to panic,” growled Barther as he drove his sword into another giant rat, its body falling limp next to five others. “You could have just let us climb out of the trench first,” he finished angrily.
“I said I was sorry,” muttered Iggy.
“Rats?” asked Durg? “You're afraid of rats too?” he said incredulously.
“Hey, they're really big rats,” defended Iggy.
“Whatever,” grumbled Gabriel. “How long did you say before you can cast the reversal spell?”
“Two hours,” replied Iggy, averting Gabriel's gaze.
Sighing, he rotated his upper body and smashed his mace into another rat that had come into range.
“Ha! That's six for me!” he heard Barther yell from behind him. “I'm winning!”
“I think I gotta pee,” exclaimed Durg.
Raising his head to the ceiling, the cleric slapped his forehead in frustration.
“Idiots . . .“ he muttered.


The Awakening
Jerry Clark

The steam from a heavy August rain created a fog on the streets of Spring City where officer Andy Dreadman was patrolling the campus of Spring City High School. Officer Andy had parked his patrol motorcycle and began walking around the front of the school, welcoming the students. The kids loved officer Andy. They remembered him coming to talk to their classes in elementary school, being there to maintain order during their high school games, and approaching conveniently loud when he knew they were having a party in the woods on Friday nights. 
As the kids filed into the building, officer Andy noticed a car parked on the fringe of campus with the windows fogged up. A member of the Spring City Police Force for more than two decades, officer Andy had seen a lot. And, as part of the fabric of the community, he knew better than anyone when something seemed out of place, and the burgundy sedan was definitely something he had not seen before. Officer Andy tapped on the driver-side window but got no response from the body slouched over the steering wheel. He gently opened the door, and inside saw an attractive young lady, probably in her mid 30s, passed out with her head resting on her arm that was leaning against the steering wheel. Officer Andy attempted to wake the young lady, but as he jostled her, he could smell the vodka emanating from her breath, and knew he was going to have to take her to the station. With her keys still in the ignition, he slid her across the seat, got in the car, and began the short journey to the Spring City Police Station. Although an older gentleman, officer Andy was able to carry her from her car and place her on a cot in one of the empty holding cells. Then, being the kind, old man he is at heart, he went to the nearest coffee shop and picked up a large coffee and some pastries for when the girl wakes up. He even picked up some ibuprofen on his way back to the station. The girl slept long enough that the coffee was ice cold when she finally stirred. She slowly began to move and ask aloud where she was. As she slowly began to push her long curly hair from her face, officer Andy could see her beauty for the first time and wondered just how she ended up in his town. 
“What happened?” she asked. “Where am I?” 
“You are in the Spring City Police Station,” officer Andy began. “You were passed out in a school zone during my morning patrol. I was wondering if you could tell me what happened?” 
The girl began to rub her eyes and amidst a pounding hangover headache, she began to retrace her steps from the day before. 
“Let’s start with your name, and where you are from,” officer Andy continued. 
“My name is Kacey Krissman. I am from Riverside, the town across the bridge, but I got fired from my job yesterday and I guess I hit the bar a little too hard …” she said. 
“What was your job?” Officer Andy inquired. 
“I am a scientist and researcher,” she said. “I was working on cloning animal organs so that animals hurt in accidents, or older pets that may still have some good years left, but have a defective organ … my supervisors wanted me to expand my research and test my work on live beagle puppies, but I just couldn’t, so I took the puppies and gave them away. The supervisors were angry, so they fired me, telling me I would be a better fit at perhaps another facility.”
Officer Andy was intrigued, but the police officer side of him had to emerge, “Well Ms. Krissman, you were driving drunk in a school zone, a very serious offense … I am going to have to process you and take you to the county jail.” 
Kacy’s eyes welled with tears … this truly was an awful situation she put herself in. Officer Andy was taken back by her line of work, and while he was not happy about her irresponsible behavior, he wanted to sleep on this decision. He looked up at the clock in the station. 
“Well, it is 4 p.m.,” he said. “The processing clerk downtown is gone for the day, so I will have to keep you here overnight. We will see about transporting you tomorrow morning.”
Kacy just hung her head, then rolled onto the bunk in the holding cell, faced the wall, and tears rolled down her cheeks. Her head hurt, she was upset she got caught, but she in no way regretted what she had done as far as the dogs were concerned. 
Officer Andy instructed the night crew to get the young lady something to eat, and that he would handle things in the morning. 
As he sat through dinner with his wife, Officer Andy couldn’t fathom leaving the young lady jail. He respected her work and reflected back on his dogs he’s had over the years wishing they would have been able to benefit from her research. 
“I mean, she didn’t hurt anyone,” he began to justify his thoughts. “What if she had the chance to finish what she started? The world could benefit from this work.” 
So, he picked up the phone and called the principal at Spring City High School. 
“Hello, Peter?” Andy began. “This is Andy Dreadman…are you still looking for an AP science and chemistry teacher?”


*****


Officer Andy explained the situation to Principal Peter Smith. Dreadman and Smith went way back to when they were both starting offensive linemen on the Spring City football team. While the situation was a bit unorthodox, Smith took Dreadman at his word, and agreed that he would give Ms. Krissman a trial run for a week to see if she could be a fit for the open position. 
When Officer Andy returned to the station the next morning, he took Kacey out to breakfast, and laid out the ultimatum.
“So, I could take you to county, where you’d sit for quite some time awaiting a trial and then likely be placed on house arrest pending the trial and the result,” he began. “My testimony, however, would likely put you in jail for at least three years, being that you were found in the school zone. Now, I was thinking, if you were willing to fill in for the year at Spring City High School as the AP science and chemistry teacher, I would be willing to forget how we met assuming you applied yourself and did your best.”
Kacey thought it over for a minute. She’d be wrapped up in legal matters for at least a year and she didn’t have the money for a good lawyer. 
“So, I’d get paid?” she asked. “And, after a year, you’d consider my debt paid?”
“Assuming you did your best,” Officer Andy said. “Mr. Smith is a good friend of mine, and based on what you told me, you have a great background you could share with the kids.” 
Kacey sipped on her coffee. What choice did she really have? This offer beat sitting in jail for the next three years.
“But, I’ve never taught anyone anything, and I really don’t like kids …” she said. 
Officer Andy reached in the direction of his handcuffs, and Kacey interrupted. 
“I promise, I’ll do my best,” she said quickly. “Girl Scout’s honor …”
Officer Andy smiled and plunged his fork into his piece of apple pie. 
The next day, Kacey arrived at Spring City High School ready to pay her debt. As a scientist, she was used to wearing her favorite jeans and T-shirts and just tossing her lab coat over them. For this gig, she had to buy some skirts and dress clothes, a fate worse than the job itself she thought. Once she arrived, she met Mr. Smith in the office, and he walked her to her room. 
“Well, here it is, B-17, the AP human anatomy and AP chemistry room,” Mr. Smith said.
As he opened the door, the class was furiously flipping through books and rummaging through drawers looking for supplies like a bunch of nerdy teenage want-to-be scientists. Kacey just stared at them as if she were trying to somehow intimidate them. 
“Good morning, class,” Mr. Smith began. “This is Ms. Krissman, and she will be your teacher the rest of the year. She’s not a substitute and she’s a real scientist… you won’t be able to chase her off the way you did Mrs. Ryan. 
“They’re all yours …” Mr. Smith said as he exited the room. 
Kacey walked to the front of the room and stood behind her desk. She placed her hands on the desk and leaned forward. With as much of a scowl as she could muster, she scanned the room from right to left, and left to right. The students just stared back, unsure of what to make of their new teacher. Ms. Kacey was much younger and attractive than any other teacher in the school, a major plus for this nerd herd, but the kids wondered about how smart she really was. They drove the previous substitute crazy with their over excitement and desire to show up to school before the sun was up and their willingness to stay after school to work on projects. Their constant questioning and round-the-clock emails were too much for the lady. 
“So, what are your qualifications?” sneered the first disgruntled minion. 
“Yeah, the last teacher didn’t know her ass from her elbow,” said a boy named Cade, who leaned back in his chair and put his feet up on the table. “We are a cut above here. The school sees us as geeks, but we run this place.” 
Cade put his hands behind his head as if he were some sort of supreme bad guy and tilted his chair back a little further. Without a word, Kacey slowly walked back toward Cade with a twisted grin on her face. Cade tried to make his nervous laugh sound like a confident one as she approached. As she stood inches from Cade’s rested feet, Cade looked at her, “What?” Kacey slapped his feet off the table and onto the floor, causing Cade to fall forward and almost out of his chair. 
“Hey, you can’t do that!” he screamed. “I’m telling Mr. Smith.”
“First, I did do that, and second, go ahead and tell him how you got smacked around by a girl,” Kasey snapped. 
Cade readjusted himself in his chair, tilted a little to his left, and let loose a fart that rocked the foundation of the classroom. 
“Hum …” Kacey said. “Most intelligent thing I’ve heard since I arrived here.”
The class all pointed at Cade and laughed. Kacey glanced out of her classroom door window where she knew Mr. Smith was keeping an eye without looking like he was keeping an eye. 
“She’s got this,” Smith said as he smiled and walked back to his office. 


*****


The rest of the day went off without a hitch. Casey had this group for AP human anatomy in the morning, then again for AP chemistry in the afternoon. The block scheduling enabled that, so she had these kids nearly all day. Plus, many of them stayed through lunch and their study halls, but Kacey didn’t mind as long as they stayed busy. As the weeks went by, Kacey could feel the bond beginning to form with her students. She became a bit less guarded. The students were so curious about who she really was and where she came from. So, she shared her educational background as to how she aced her bachelor’s degree in biology from Coastal Carolina in a record two years, and then moved on to get her master’s in marine biology from Hawaii, before earning a doctorate degree in biology as well as anatomy—all before her 30th birthday. 
“And you ended up here how?” Cade finally asked one day. 
“Look, I’m not a teacher,” she began. “Everything about my education I told you is true, but I got in a little trouble, and the authorities decided that rather than put me in jail, I could better pay my debt to society by sharing my knowledge with you.”
“What did you do, Ms. Kacey?” a young student named Lilly asked. 
“Yeah, you have to tell us now,” Cade said. “Otherwise we’ll all tell our parents our teacher is a felon.”
“Alright, fine,” she began. “I was researching how to clone animal organs so I could save people’s pets. Since it is not like dogs can fill out organ doner cards, and because so many breeds’ organs vary in size, I thought it would be incredible to clone and store organs in order to help people’s pets live longer lives.”
“Oh my God that is so cool!” said Clare, a young lady who had the highest grade-point average in the class. “But, how do you end up in jail for that?”
“Well, I was almost at the breakthrough point and I was stuck, so the advisors at Spring City University thought it would help if I started experimenting on live animals, something I would never do. One day I came into my lab and there were about 20 beagle puppies all locked in cages, so I gathered them all up and began trying to find them homes. I guess that was considered grand theft, so I was fired, and I have to pay to replace the dogs …”
Clare reached over and high-fived Ms. Kacey, “That is awesome!” Clare said. 
Kacey kind of smiled to herself … Yes, it is.
“Is that something you can teach us to do?” Clare asked. “I wrote a grant last year and it got approved for like $10,000 for the science department, but the school won’t release it to us unless a faculty member can vouch for the need for its use in the classroom. That should cover what we need, right?”
“It might,” Kacey said. “Let’s try!”
As anyone knows the wheels of progress turn rather slowly when it comes to school progress, so Ms. Kacey and her students petitioned, wrote proposals, attended meetings, and finally in the spring, the grant was released, and all the equipment was delivered. 
It was like Christmas in the science department that Friday morning, so much so the kids and their teacher stayed into the night and all weekend unpacking and setting up their new toys. Incubators, centrifuges, refrigerators, soft tissue samples, you name it, they got it. Finally, on Sunday afternoon, the revamp was complete. 
“Alright, everyone go home and get some sleep and shower …” We’ll begin our lesson Monday!” Ms. Kacey said. 
“Hey, uh, Clare, wanna be lab partners?” Cade asked. 
“Oh, I already promised Lilly, sorry,” Clare said. “What about Larry? You always work with him, you’re the only one he likes to work with!” 
“Uh, I guess …” Cade said disappointedly. He really liked Clare, but knew she was out of his league. The fact he mustered up enough courage to finally ask her to do anything was amazing. 
“You like her don’t you?” Ms. Kacey asked Cade. 
“I guess,” Cade said sheepishly. 
“You’re a smart guy, try not acting like such a goof all the time,” Ms. Kacey said. “Clare is sweet, but she is serious about school, and more mature than most juniors.”
“So, I have to act like a stuffy old man?” Cade asked. 
“No, but try not farting in class and maybe hand in your work on time once in a while and see how that goes,” she said. 
“No promises,” Cade replied. 
Monday rolled around and when Ms. Kacey got to class, every student was in place and with their partner, ready to work. 
“I don’t even have my coffee yet,” Ms. Kacey said. 
Clare smiled and pointed to the teacher’s desk. 
“We are ready,” Clare said. 
“I can see that,” Ms. Kacey replied. 
Ms. Kacey started simple. She showed her class how to find, separate, and duplicate plant cells. The class picked that up quickly, and as the weeks moved along, the class moved into splicing and reorganizing cells from small fish and reproducing their tissue and organs in test tubes. 
“Are we ready to try mammals yet?” Clare asked. 
“I don’t know … maybe your group and Larry’s, but I am not sure about everyone else,” Ms. Kacey said. “Besides, this is high-level stuff … kids don’t see stuff like this until graduate school.”
“I know, that’s why this is so awesome!” Clare pleaded. “We have so few real opportunities at this small school. Don’t get me wrong, I love it, but I am ready to be challenged!”
“Alright,” Ms. Kacey said. “We’ll start tomorrow.”
Clare smiled as she tossed her things into her backpack and jogged off to her next class.
The following day, Ms. Kacey got the class going on an assignment and then pulled Clare, Lilly, Larry, and Cade and began explaining to them her research. Ms. Kacey was excited because she was nearing the breakthrough before the whole run-in with the law, and with the equipment she was able to purchase, she was confident she could finish her work. Plus, she saw a lot of herself in young Clare, so maybe this would be a good opportunity to have a positive influence on the next generation. Ms. Kacey began to explain the cell concepts and how different cells work together to grow soft tissue and then more complex organisms. The kids were laser focused, even Cade, who usually checks in and out of consciousness several times during class. Everyone else was packing up to leave, and Cade was still in his seat comparing his notes with Larry’s and making sure every diagram and exponent was exact. 
“Wow, I’ve never seen you work so hard,” Ms. Kasey said. “Usually you half-ass it and copy off of Larry.”
“Well,” Cade began. “I see a use for this stuff, so that helps motivate me.”
“That makes me happy you are excited about learning,” Ms. Kacey said. 
Cade just offered a twisted grin and closed his notebook. 
Ms. Kacey thought that was weird, but then again, it was Cade …


*****


Class moved along and Ms. Kacey’s kids were exceeding expectations. The Spring City Science Fair was coming up and Clare was on the verge of being able to duplicate mice organs by simply extracting some blood and skin cells and then adding a little of her own blood to speed up the process. 
“Wow, you almost have it!” Ms. Kacey said. “Do you have any idea where your error is?”
“Every time I add my cells, the organs grow quickly, but then they burst after a while,” Clare said. 
“So, what variable do you need to change?” Ms. Kasey asked. 
“I need to use the blood cells of a smaller mammal?” she asked. 
“I’ll bet that will do it,” Ms. Kasey said. 
Meanwhile, Cade was scribbling away in his notebook and then got up and walked into the lab. 
“He’s been acting really strange lately,” Clare said. 
“Oh, he’s just focused on this project … so I agree, him doing work is strange,” Ms. Kacey said. 
“No, I mean, that is strange, but he was going through my backpack the other day, and I caught him with my hairbrush, and I swear he stole my gym clothes last week,” Clare added. “He’s been staring at me a lot lately too.”
“You have to know he likes you a lot,” Ms. Kacey said with a smile. “I think part of the reason he’s trying so hard is to impress you a little.”
“I guess,” Clare said. “But, I’m just not interested. I feel like I made that clear to him. I don’t want to date anyone right now. I’m focused on my grades and getting into college.”
“That’s smart,” Ms. Kasey said. “I’ll keep a closer eye on him.”
“Anyway, is there any chance you could open the lab for me over the weekend?” Clare asked. “I really want to see if I can stabilize these organs this weekend.”
“I can’t come in this weekend,” Ms. Kasey said. “But, here is my key … don’t tell anyone, and don’t bring anyone with you. The school has time locks, so the only way you can open the doors to get in or out is with this key.”
“Deal,” Clare said. “I promise.”
The bell rang that Friday and the kids filed out of school for the weekend. Ms. Kacey bumped into officer Andy on her way to the car.
“How’s it going young lady?” he asked. 
“You know, this might be the best thing that ever happened to me,” she said. “I never thought I’d have the patience to work with kids, but they really are impressive.”
“Well, I think that is wonderful,” officer Andy said. “I had a feeling this was going to be a great fit. Want to have breakfast on Sunday? I’d love to hear all about your year.”
Ms. Kacey gave him a big hug and agreed to breakfast, and then got in her car to head home. 


*****


Clare set her alarm for 5 a.m. and after a quick stop for coffee and a muffin, she was at the school at 6 a.m. that Saturday. She made her way down the hall and noticed the lab light was on, which was very odd. Ms. Kasey must have just forgot to turn it off she thought. Clare made her way into the lab and set her things down and set up her workstation. “Ugh, one beaker short,” Clare mumbled to herself as she walked back to the storeroom where the supplies were kept. As she rummaged through the drawer, she felt an eerie feeling and spun around quickly only to find nothing there. What a relief, Clare thought as she shook her head and decided she was being paranoid for no reason. “While I am back here, I might as well grab some more of those somatic cells I stored,” she thought. Clare opened up the refrigerator and grabbed the cells she needed. As she returned to the lab, she noticed someone sitting at her station working on her project. 
“Hey! What are you doing?” Clare asked. 
The person turned and Clare was horrified at what she saw … who she saw…herself. 
“How’s that for initiative?” Cade asked. “Looks just like the original, only less consumed with schoolwork and a little more into me!”
Clare was horrified. 
“Why, how, I mean … you’re sick, Cade!” Clare snapped. She was extremely horrified and could not believe this was actually happening. “Why did you do this?”
“Because, you never pay any attention to me,” Cade began. “I’d treat you so well … but now, I have you.”
“This is crazy,” Clare said. “There can’t be two of me! How do you plan on getting away with this?” 
Cade reached into his backpack and pulled out a sizeable hunting knife. 
“I know there can’t be two of you … so, I am just going to eliminate the one who knows too much,” Cade said. 
“Come on, seriously?” Clare pleaded. She was scared.
“Well, you saw her. I can’t trust you not to tell someone,” Cade said. 
Without another word, Clare threw the empty beaker she was holding at Cade and turned and ran from the lab out into the school hallway. Cade chased after her, but with a bit of a head start and a much better athletic background, Clare was able to escape and hide. Cade knew his only chance now was to enlist the help of his clone. He wouldn’t be able to catch Clare, but an exact copy should. It was now Sunday morning and Cade knew he had to find her soon, as the Sunday afternoon custodial staff would be in to get the school ready for the week. 
Meanwhile, officer Andy and Ms. Kacey were finishing up breakfast. 
“I’d love to see some of the things you are doing in your lab,” he said. “It is amazing to me what kind of things you can do with some cells and an incubator.”
“Well, there is a little more to it than that …” Ms. Kacey replied. “I’ll pay the bill. Just meet me at my car and then we can take a ride up there now.”
“Sounds great,” he said. 
Once at the school, Ms. Kacey remembered she gave her key to Clare. 
“Oh no! I don’t have my key to the building,” she said. 
“No need to worry,” officer Andy said, pulling the large key ring from his uniform belt. “I have one.”
Once inside they went to Ms. Kacey’s room. All the lights were on, and Clare’s lab station was still set up and her belongings were sitting there. 
“This is very strange,” she said. “One of my star students wanted to work on her project for the science fair over the weekend, so I gave her my key, but something isn’t right here …” 
“Maybe she is in the bathroom,” officer Andy said. 
“No, she barely has anything set up and it’s Sunday,” she said. “If I know Clare, she was in here at 6 a.m. yesterday.”
“Well, why don’t we take a walk around the building. It seems obvious she is here somewhere,” he said. 
Ms. Kacey was worried. Clare was one of the more responsible kids in the school and there was obviously something wrong. 
The two made their way around the school, and then, they heard something that sounded like running echoing from the auditorium. When they entered, they saw Cade and Clare furiously running through the aisles looking for something. 
“What are you two doing?” Ms. Kacey yelled, getting their attention immediately. “Clare, I told you not to bring anyone in with you, I’m not happy with you right now.”
“It’s not her fault, Ms. Kacey,” Cade interrupted. “I needed help with my project and she was just trying to help.”
“So, what are you two chasing?” officer Andy finally asked. 
“We were able to clone a mouse, but it turned out to be much bigger, kind of the size of a rat,” Cade said. “It bit me and got away, so we chased it in here.” 
“Wait, you two were able to stabilize those cells and grow them that fast?” Ms. Kacey asked. 
“Yeah, I wanted to tell you. We both did. But we wanted to surprise you on Monday with an award-winning submission for the science fair,” Cade said. 
“Clare, is this true?” Ms. Kacey said to the clone, not knowing the full truth. 
She just nodded.
“Well, we better find it,” officer Andy said. “And once we do, you all have some serious explaining to do. 
“Cade, you come with me to the stage area. We’ll search there and move toward the back. Girls, you stand in the back and make sure it doesn’t run out.”
Cade and officer Andy went behind the curtain and began to search. Ms. Kacey and Cade’s clone walked back up to the main entrance. 
“I can’t believe you didn’t listen to me, and of all people, Cade?” Ms. Kacey began. “I thought I could trust you.” 
Before an answer could be given, there was a loud crash from behind the curtain. Ms. Kacey ran down the aisle and when she got behind the stage curtain she saw officer Andy knocked out on the floor. As Ms. Kacey yelled and shook him, Clare crawled down from the lighting ladder above the stage. 
“Ms. Kacey! I’m so happy to see you! Cade snuck into the school and made a clone of me,” Clare said. “I caught him, and he is trying to kill me!” 
“Clare, you really expect me to believe that?” Ms. Kacey asked. 
Just then, Cade swung a pipe at Ms. Kasey’s head, but Clare pulled her out of the way just in time. 
“What the hell, Cade?” Ms. Kacey said. 
“She’s right,” Cade said. “I was able to figure it out. The only problem is you all interrupted me before I was ready to reveal my work. So, now we have a serious situation.”
“Cade, how do you think you’re going to get away with this?” Ms. Kacey asked. 
Cade just offered a twisted grin, and his clone came and stood by his side, putting her arm around him. 
“Oh my God!” Ms. Kacey gasped. “How did you get the egg split to work so quickly?”
“It wasn’t easy. I screwed it up several times, but the key was mixing enough different strands of DNA that I was able to collect from Clare, and then adding in some stem cells I ordered from the dark web to speed up the growth process to the point I could grow the body in about a week.
“The only thing I didn’t count on was all of you finding out, but that’s okay, because we’ll just kill you all and clone you, so nobody will be the wiser.”
“Cade, that’s insane,” Ms. Kacey said. “Let’s all go back to the lab and talk about this.”
“No,” Cade said. “I like my plan better.” 
Ms. Kacey and Clare turned and ran out of the back of the auditorium.
“What are we going to do?” Clare asked. 
“We can’t leave officer Andy,” Ms. Kacey said. “We also can’t let this get out of the school. We have the breakthrough of the century in our possession and until we figure this out, we have to keep it to ourselves.”
Clare nodded in agreement, “So what do we do?” she asked. 
“We have to subdue Cade somehow. And we have to destroy the clone of you, and then convince officer Andy to not tell anyone what he saw,” Ms. Kasey said. 
“Oh, that’s it?” Clare asked. 
“I think our best bet is to try to get his clone,” Ms. Kacey said. “If we have it, the worst-case scenario is it’s his word against ours.”
“Then what?” Clare asked. “We can’t trust him not to talk.”
“Look, let’s get the clone,” Ms. Kacey said. “We’ll figure it out from there.”
“What if they escape the school?” Clare wondered. 
“They can’t,” Ms. Kacey said. “They need us silent as much as we need them silent.”
Clare nodded.
“Okay, so here is the plan,” Ms. Kacey said. “You hide out in the lab. I find Cade and convince him that I think he is right and that we have to keep the clone and kill you. I tell him I know where you are hiding, which I will, then when he gets here, I will push him into the closet where he thinks you are and lock the door. Then, we dispose of the clone.”
“Ok, sounds simple enough,” Clare agreed. 
Ms. Kacey hid Clare in a standup cabinet, then left the storage closet open just a little. She slowly began to travel back to the auditorium when she bumped into Cade’s clone. 
“Where is Cade?” Ms. Kacey asked. 
“He’s around,” the clone replied. 
“Just tell me where he is… I just want to talk,” Ms. Kacey said. 
“Why do you want to destroy me?” the clone asked. “I’ve done nothing wrong. I never hurt anyone …”
“We don’t want to hurt you,” Ms. Kacey said. “But, you are an exact copy of someone who already has a life here. People can’t know that.”
The clone turned and ran down the hall, fearing for its existence. Ms. Kacey then headed back to the auditorium to check on officer Andy, but when she got there, he was gone. So many thoughts raced through Ms. Kacey’s head, but the one she settled on was going back to the lab, getting Clare, and escaping the school. Whatever the consequences are at that point, so be it she thought. She couldn’t put Clare in any more danger to protect this secret. 
As she returned to the lab, she could see Clare running through the lab, darting around tables with Cade chasing her with the hunting knife. Ms. Kacey tried to get into the lab, but the doors were locked. All she could do was watch as Cade chased Clare. Ms. Kacey pounded on the windows trying to draw some attention. It was no use, Cade finally cornered Clare and drew his arm back to stab her. Just then, a single shot was fired, and Cade collapsed on top of Clare. 


*****


Ms. Kacey smashed the lab window immediately with a nearby fire extinguisher and crawled through the window. She ran quickly, but cautiously toward where Cade’s body was lying lifelessly on Clare. Ms. Kacey rolled him off her and Clare was hyperventilating, but fine otherwise. Then, Ms. Kacey grabbed Clare and held her as she looked over her shoulder to see who fired the shot… it was the clone. 
“Where’s officer Andy?” Ms. Kacey asked. 
With tears in her eyes, the clone just shook her head and then raised officer Andy’s .38 revolver to her own head and pulled the trigger. Luckily, Ms. Kacey had shielded Clare from seeing the horror. 
“Are you okay, Clare?” Ms. Kacey asked. 
“I can’t believe what just happened … but, I think I’m fine,” she responded. 
“We have to find officer Andy,” Ms. Kacey said. 
It didn’t take long for them to find his body in the hallway behind the stage, stabbed in the neck and lifeless. 
“Oh my God,” Clare looked at Ms. Kasey. “What are we going to do?”
“We’ve got to get all the bodies back to the lab,” Ms. Kacey said. 
With all the corpses safely stored in the lab refrigerator, Ms. Kacey rummaged through Cade’s backpack and found his notebook. She located where her research ended and where he was able to fill the gap. 
“Okay,” Ms. Kasey said to Clare. “You ready to do this?”
“Most definitely.” Clare responded.  
The two worked through the night splicing cells and mixing and matching chemicals, but when the sun broke through the Spring City skyline the following Monday, everything was in the incubation chambers. 
A week to the day later, Ms. Kacey was teaching class, and there was a knock on the door. It was Mr. Smith and a sheepish young fellow who was now a week behind in his studies. 
“Cade!” the class cheered. 
“Where have you been?” Larry asked. 
“I don’t know,” Cade said. “My parents said I was missing for a week, but then this police officer named Andy found me sleeping in the back of his squad car. He took me home yesterday, and now I’m here.”
“Dude, that’s super weird,” Larry said. 
“Since I am fine, there is no need for any further investigation,” Cade said. 
“Maybe you were abducted by aliens …” Clare said with a twisted grin. 
“Now, now,” Ms. Kacy interrupted. “The science fair is a week away, and we need to finalize these projects.” 
Clare just smiled at her teacher and got back to work. 


Unseen World
April Ward

This is my world. We are not perfect but many of us want change so we strive to be better.  Kindness and understanding will be our saviors in the future as we step away from our fictional god.  We will not only survive but we will fearlessly grow. 
Imagine, if you will, a world that isn’t tangible. No one can see this world because it only exists as energy. There is positive and negative energy in constant battle.
This is my world. This is my story.
I exist as positive energy. So, my existence is good. I touch on the other positive energy as we spin through space with thought but no form. We are aware that there are those living in a tangible world, and we can feel them through the veil, but they live in a space with time. We have the ability to affect them but we cannot connect to the same person for a long time.
We feel the ways of men and when there is a war, we feel the negative energy and it harms us. The positive energy have to join together and try to have more power than the negatives, but this isn’t always easy. We have no understanding as to why the world of man is connected to us but it seems our worlds must work together.
Sometimes negative energy can overwhelm us. It thrives on hate and division. If a negative gets a hold of a human it can cause chaos in their world. It can start wars, division, and disrupt everything. We try to avoid touching on negativity because it will cause a rift and can create a neutral.
A neutral is in constant torment and indecision as to which way to be. They spin in a void. When they affect the world of man it can be very harmful. The human can get trapped in lethargy, uncertainty, self-doubt, and depression. The positives, will try to help the neutrals change. We feel only concern, but the negatives try to feed on them so their numbers are more than ours. This type of imbalance would be dangerous for us, and the humans. This is our constant struggle.
As I told you before, I am a positive and I live behind the veil of man in my world of energy, but I became something else. You see, I found a human in such despair that I had to try to build my energy to such positivity that I could stay with one human, and then the impossible happened! I stood still and I risked becoming a neutral.
Remember, we have no time, so we do not see the full lives of a human on the other side, but I found a way to stay in one time and place. Perhaps, what I felt was love or compassion, which are usually human emotions. We are usually detached and just touch on different people as we spin in our timeless world trying to spread our positivity.
Her name is Sarah. She is a human with great potential and strength. She could be a fully positive being, but she struggles as a neutral. She wants so much to have positive energy but she has a lot of pain within her. I cannot say why I need to help, but I could feel that as a neutral she wanted to be a positive again. I must be careful or I could become a neutral too.
I felt her every day through the veil. I experienced her fear and anxiety. I pushed my energy toward her with great strength and purpose. She could be a great light in her world if only she would embrace me fully. There were days when she did but a neutral would always find her and she would be back to sorrow and pain.
I stayed by her side, feeling her every emotion, then the day came when I felt a negative approaching. I would not, could not, let the negative have Sarah! I knew I would have to do battle with a negative energy and would have to be very strong.
I waited and stayed still while bumping into a few positives that seemed confused yet wished me well. Somehow, I felt that Sarah was meant for great things in her human world. There was such potential if she would only embrace me, release the neutral, and never touch the negative. I waited.
Then came the moment I felt through the veil a pain so deep I almost spun away but I held still. It was more than sadness. It was a deep despair. There was a feeling of self-loathing, and loss. I felt my energy being pulled down. I was slipping into the void. The darkness was going to have me. There seemed to be no way to save myself, but I just had to find a way. The void was filled with hate, anger, and so much fear. I had to escape! Then I pushed back as hard as I could. I attacked every negative emotion with a greater positive one. No, I will not allow it. You cannot have her. I will win!
Negative was angry and tried to use hate and bitterness to win, but I countered with love and happiness. Then, negative fought back with self- doubt and fear so I struck back with self-love and courage. We fought and we fought until the neutral came toward me. The neutral energy seemed to want to help me. It strained to leave the void to be a positive again. I used all my energy and gave power to every positive human emotion, willing it into Sarah. I felt the neutral spin into me and connect. Then the impossible happened. The neutral became a positive again!
Everything became calm. I stayed at the veil near Sarah to try to feel if we had won. Never has a human made me feel such powerful energy. It came toward me from Sarah’s world, filled with the positive emotions of love, peace, self-acceptance and pure happiness. The light was so overwhelming that I thought Sarah may cross through the veil and become pure positive energy.
Sarah had won her battle. She became all that she could be and won the war within herself.
Sarah started glowing in the darkness of her negative world. She became a bringer of light and though she was one human, she had the ability to bring positive energy to everyone she met. Sarah helped her world by turning many neutrals to positives and she even changed many negatives. You see, Sarah just had to embrace the positive energy around her. She always had it near her. She always had potential, she only needed to embrace it.


Watching, Waiting
Cassidy Raine Wolters

Millions of years ago, the supreme leader of the peaceful Binnozi galactic empire issued a decree to search the universe and bestow upon various life forms the potential for great intelligence.
Spaceships were sent forth to deliver the tremendous gift.  One such ship arrived on the Earth just as primates were becoming the planet's dominant species. 
The sleek, silver craft landed in an area that would eventually be known as the Great Rift Valley in eastern Africa.  There the yellow, tentacled Binnozi did studies on the various primate groups that lived side-by-side in this tectonically-active landscape dominated by dangerous beasts and erupting volcanoes.
After conducting a series of experiments, one branch of the primate family tree was selected.  The Binnozi scientists then proceeded to make subtle changes in the brains of the chosen creatures, small enhancements that would lead them down a new evolutionary path.  The seed had been planted, now it was time to be patient.  Watch, wait, and someday return, when the time was right.
The test subjects evolved.  They took to walking on two feet rather than four.  This shift to bipedalism freed their hands.  Tools were developed.  A better diet followed.  More food allowed for greater brain growth.  A positive feedback loop developed.  Larger brains led to better tools which allowed for more food resulting in further brain growth.  On and on, over and over again, down through the millennia. 
From afar the Binnozi kept an eye on the Earth.
100,000 years ago, modern man emerged and left his African cradle, eventually populating every corner of the globe.  Before long, mankind began to develop the most powerful tool of all:  mathematics.
The seeds planted by the Binnozi were beginning to bear fruit.  Harvest time was drawing near.  But things had changed dramatically.  Millions of years had passed and the once-peaceful empire was now mired in a devastating war with the cruel Veks from the Denovan Nebula.
In 1900, at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Paris, Hilbert charted the course of all future mathematical discoveries.  It was there that Hilbert, a colleague of Albert Einstein, presented a list of the remaining twenty-three unsolved problems in the field.  A clarion call had been sounded, one that would continue to echo for years to come.
As the 20th century progressed, many of the problems on Hilbert's list were conquered.  When the Riemann hypothesis was finally solved midway through the 21st century, only one problem remained: the McClintock theorem.
During the 1840s, O.W. McClintock held the Lucasian Chair of Mathematics at Cambridge, a prestigious position originally created for Isaac Newton and eventually occupied by Stephen Hawking. 
Before suffering a nervous breakdown and subsequent religious conversion, McClintock was considered the greatest mathematics teacher of his time and was often referred to as the 'Bard of the Blackboard.'
An extremely famous figure, McClintock was the subject of one of the very first photographs, a daguerreotype in which the image is permanently fixed on a piece of metal.  The picture shows his signature pince-nez, a style of glasses without earpieces that were popular in his day.
The McClintock theorem dealt with the concept of infinity.  A solution, if found, would unlock radical new technologies and forever alter mankind's future.  Progress would no longer plod along haphazardly.   It would shift from ungainly and awkward to elegant and swift.  A utopian society would be created.
From across the galaxy, the Binnozi had anxiously watched the development of mathematics on the Earth.  Now they awaited the final sign, indicating it was time for their return.
Noah Chapman was a prodigy, the child of two famous college professors.  His mother wanted him to follow in her footsteps and study linguistics.  He memorized all thirty-seven of Shakespeare's plays by the age of 4 but soon grew tired of studying languages.  He yearned for something more substantial, more challenging.  His father, a mathematician, became his mentor and guide.   
Chapman enrolled at Harvard at the age of 9.  It was there that he first began to grapple with the concept of infinity and actively pursue a solution to the McClintock theorem.
After graduating at age 11 the young genius soon found himself in august company, rubbing elbows with the world's brightest scientists and engineers.  Feted by the media, he became a world-famous celebrity.  The math cognoscenti delighted in predicting when he would solve the McClintock theorem, with most people forecasting a breakthrough in his mid-twenties.
Chapman proved up to the task, finally wrestling a solution from the exceedingly complex equations shortly after he turned 24.
An understanding of the mathematical underpinnings of the concept of infinity ushered in a golden age for mankind.  Technology sprinted ahead.  Within a few short years, the planet was completely transformed.  Pain and poverty, want and need - those things were vanquished forever. 
The Binnozi had waited for this sign for millions of years.  It was finally time for their return.
Their sleek, silver ships entered the Earth's atmosphere and landed at the United Nations building.  The world's leaders trembled in fear as they gathered to address the yellow, tentacled creatures using a universal translator provided by the Binnozi.
"Are you going to eat us?" asked one of the representatives, his voice stark with terror. 
"Do you plan to enslave us?" asked another. 
The spaceship's commander stepped to the podium.  "We do not plan to use you as food or as a source of labor.  We come in peace."
That announcement brought great joy and relief to the audience.  As the world's leaders cheered, the alien addressed them once again.  "We came to your planet millions of years ago and made slight modifications in your genetic code that would give rise to intelligence, allowing you one day to join our galactic empire.  That day, long anticipated, has finally arrived and now—"
At that moment, one of the aliens pulled his commander aside for a brief conversation.  The crowd murmured and grew restless but fell silent when he returned to the podium.  "My lieutenant has reminded me that things have changed significantly since we seeded your planet eons ago.  We are now at war with the malicious Veks from the Denovan Nebula.  Perhaps a change of plans is in order."
A sense of foreboding rippled through the crowd.
"We have decided to heed your wise suggestions.   Your population will be divided evenly.  Half will be turned into food supplies and half will be used to mine your solar system's asteroid belt for precious metals that can be converted into weapons."


Want Some Candy?
By Doug Ward

Snidely Finkelstein giggled to himself as he combed his greasy, black hair parting the short locks in the center.  He paused a moment to admire himself in the smudge-covered mirror’s reflection.  The jaws on his plump face were covered with a perpetual five-o’clock shadow.  He had already shaved twice this morning and yet his persistent beard remained, making him look older than his twenty-two years already did.
His pudgy hands set the comb on his grimy sink before rubbing his fingers across the thick stubbly growth.  Snidely suddenly smiled, a large toothy grin causing his small, brown eyes squint.  He was recalling his mother’s words.  A thing she said often when he was just a small boy.  “Aren’t you a delicious little morsel,” she’d say while pinching his puffy cheek.  “You look good enough to gobble up.”
Stepping back, he examined himself in the mirror.  He still wore the same size.  After all these years, the clothes his mommy bought still fit.  Although, he really had to struggle to pull his trouser’s waist close enough to button them closed.  As a result, this caused his voluminous gut to mushroom over his belt line.
Lastly, he sat, his shirt’s buttons strained to the point of popping, and with effort put on his canvas sneakers.  Straining with the effort, he laced the canvas high-tops and stood, sweating from the effort.
Snidely loved the feel of new shoes.  He could not resist the urge to pump himself up and down on his toes reveling in the feel of the cushiony soles.
Satisfied with his look, the short, young fellow scooped his keys off of the dusty, littered end table, and made for the front door.  As he walked, he fumbled with the key chain, large ornaments of popular cartoon characters mixed in with worn, old keys.  Young Finkelstein selected the correct key and after exiting slid it into the deadbolt.  The key’s teeth were dull from too many years of use, he had to jiggle it the right way to engage the lock securing the door.
High, untended hedges blocked his neighbor’s view of the front of his house.  They could only see him when he emerged from his short sidewalk next to his white, panel van.  Where corrosion didn’t show the old vehicle's paint was dull from age and the sun.  
The door key made a soft zipping sound as it slid into the driver’s side lock.  Creaking in protest, the heavy door opened, its rusty edges looking like teeth in a yawning maw as he hopped up into the fake leather seat.  Snidely pulled on the handle, its neglected hinges fighting, then succumbing, causing the door to slam closed.
Engaging the ignition, the motor cranked for several moments before finally turning over.  Its idle was rough making the whole van shake.  Black smoke followed in his wake as he drove to his new hunting grounds. 
The inside of the van was a mess.  Fast food wrappers and discarded drink cups littered the interior.  Stains from the debris marred nearly every inch of the seats and carpet.  Amidst the garbage, sitting squarely behind the front, bench seat, in the middle of the floor was a teddy bear.  Stained and worn, it lay there gazing back at him with its single button eye.
As he drove to the next town, he kept glancing into the rearview mirror only to see the Teddy bear staring back at him.  Stray threads remained where the missing button eye had been located, he noticed some cotton batting poking out from a hole under the stuffed animal’s arm.
Seeing the bear made him melancholy.  In his mind, he replayed some of their experiences together.  The conquests they had shared.
Suddenly, Snidley snapped back to the present.  He’d almost passed the convenience store.  Breaks squealing, he pulled into a parking space and brought the van to a stop.  As he hopped out black smoke billowed past him causing him to cough.  Waving a hand back and forth before his mouth he waddled through the offending cloud and barreled into the store.
Few customers noticed him as he made his way to the candy aisle but as he neared his destination, he stopped short.  Along a back wall, two teenage girls browsed through some magazines.  As they flipped through the pages the two giggled, pointing at various pictures while offering silly comments.
Snidely Finkelstein stepped back behind a shelf stared hungrily at the two.  The pair wore very short shorts, their exposed thighs were supple and sunbaked.  As they spoke, their posture changed, sensually shifting their backsides.  They were both young and innocent.  Snidley could barely contain his excitement.  
“You look good enough to gobble up,” he mumbled under his breath.
He wiped some drool from his chin with his sleeve but as he did so he knocked some potato chips off the end cap and onto the floor.  The sound drew the attention of the two young women.  
“Creeper!” one cried, her face showing her disgust.
Reveling in the negative attention, young Finkelstein strayed some fingers along his head smoothing his thinning, greasy locks.  He stepped forward, a silly grin playing across his bloated face until the other girl hurled her magazine at him.  Awkwardly, Snidley dodged the object, his arms slapping through the air in an ill-fated attempt to swat the projectile away.
“Get out of here!” she screamed after seeing that she had missed her mark.  “You are so gross!”
Furious, Finkelstein shrank back into the shadows, then continued to the candy aisle.  Once there, he quickly forgot the two only a few aisles away and concentrated on his bait.  The selection was spectacular.  Big lollipops and candy of all kinds.  He concentrated on large colorful treats leaving anything not visually appealing on the shelf.
He filled his hands with so much that he virtually juggled his treasures all the way to the check-out counter.  Spilling his haul beside the register, he excitedly looked at the cashier.  The attendant on duty was a college boy.  His disinterested demeanor denoted his age and lack of empathy for what his customers bought.
As he filled a paper bag with the sweets, he finally noticed the man who was buying so much candy.  With an undignified frown, he completed the transaction and gave the strange man his change.
With a triumphant squeal, young Finkelstein hurried off, the hop in his step evident until he approached the two young women who spurned him earlier.  “Girls,” he said opening the bag toward them.  “Want some candy?”
“Eww!” the two chorused clinging to each other and scooting to one side clearing the way for the scary, bloated figure.
Undeterred, Snidley crushed the bag closed and scuttled out the door.  Once in his panel van, he headed off to the newly opened playground.  His mouth dry in anticipation of what treats he would see there.
Each red light furthered his anticipation.  Tantalized, his need grew with every moment he had to spend waiting. 
He parked nearby the playground the black smoke billowing across his van attracted some looks but his physical appearance had many parents drawing their children close.
As Snidely Finkelstein wedged his chubby backside into a swing and began eating his candy, most parents shot him a disapproving look and left with their children in tow.  But to the far side of the playground, a young woman sat watching two small kids play.   
Disappointed, he sat nudging himself back and forth with his toes.  Reaching pudgy fingers into the bag he pulled a red licorice whip.  Placing one in his mouth he bit down and tugged off a piece.  When he looked up, he was startled to see that one of the small children, a girl, stood nearby watching him. 
“What’s in the bag, mister?” she asked.  
Finkelstein could not believe his luck.  Stammering he finally answered, “Candy.  Do you want some?”
She looked over her shoulder at the woman across the playground, but the adult never looked their way so she sheepishly nodded and took a tentative step forward.  As she looked back her pigtails shook.  The perfect part in her hair looked like a frown at that odd angle.
She was adorable.  So pretty, she looked good enough to gobble up.  Her white knee-length dress with baby doll socks disappearing inside patent leather shoes.  As she moved close enough to reach into the bag Snidely kept chancing glances to see if the parent had spied what the young girl was doing.  But every time he looked, she was busy doing something else.  As the little girl pulled a sucker out the young mother was playing with her cell phone.  
“Ya gotta love technology,” he mumbled to himself.  “What’s your name?”
“Cindi,” she said looking down at her feet. 
Finkelstein wiped his wet hands on his too-tight trousers.  “That’s a pretty name.  Well Cindi, would you like to help me find my Teddy bear?  I seem to have lost him.  I sure hope he isn’t scared.”
“Well,” she cooed softly.  
“We need your help,” he added.  “If you find him, I’ll get you a big bag of candy and it will be all your own.
“I guess it would be ok.”
“The last time I saw him we were over there, by that van,” Snidley explained now, clearly sweating through his shirt.
As the two wandered toward the van, Cindi was very vigilant.  Checking under bushes and behind trees.  As they rounded the side of the van, he snuck another look over his shoulder.  The woman had put her phone down and was speaking with the other child.  He had to move fast or he might get caught.
“Let’s have a look inside,” he said sliding the side door open.
“There he is!” Cindi cried excitedly.  
“There he is, indeed,” Snidley agreed.  “Can you reach in there and get him?  My back is really sore today.”
Without a word, the small child scurried up into the van and before she could grab the stuffed animal, the door slammed shut.
As Finkelstein hastily rounded the vehicle, he took one last look toward the park.  The woman was leaving with the child trailing behind.  His brow wrinkled in confusion but his hunger drove him on.  Yanking the stubborn door open he shot up onto the driver’s seat.  Astonishingly, Cindi was sitting beside him in the passenger seat.  In her lap was the disgustingly, dirty Teddy bear.
Snidley sat stunned for a moment before Cindi prodded, “You said you’d get me a big bag of candy.  Can Mr. One Button have one too?”
“Mr. One Button?”
“That’s his name,” she filled in.  “At least that’s what he told me.”
This sure is my lucky day, he thought as he slammed the key in place and coaxed the van to life.  His heart was racing as he thought of all of the things that he was going to do.  “Sure he can,” he finally answered.  “You can have anything you want, my delicious little morsel.”  Just sit there and talk to that nasty, little Teddy bear while I get you home.
But Cindi did not care.  She held the bear close to her chest and chatted with it as if they were long, lost friends.  What an easy mark she was.
Finkelstein’s body was shaking in anticipation. Goosebumps rose on his arms in response to his excitement, but they quickly vanished as a pair of red lights flashed on behind his car followed by the cry of a siren. 
“Dammit!” He spat cursing his bad luck.  His eyes darted to and fro trying to estimate his chance of escape.
“You shouldn’t swear,” Cindi scolded him.
“Who says?” Snidley growled holding back his anger as well as the slap he wanted to deliver to the obstinate child.
“Mr. One Button,” she chided raising one of the bear’s paws and wagging it at the driver.  “Don’t use bad words or you’ll be sorry!”
As he pulled to the side of the road Finkelstein watched in relief as the police cruiser sped past.  He dragged his sleeve across his forehead mopping beads of sweat from his brow.  The moisture adding to his stained and sloven look.
The van chugged, belching long tendrils of smoke as Snidley pulled in neatly beside his hedge.  Two neighbor kids riding bikes harassed him, waving their hands in front of their faces and commenting on pollution.  
“Wait here,” he told the child.  Cindi just smiled as she stared at Mr. One Button.  Her hair, and the frown of a part, bobbing as she mouthed secret words to the ragged bear.
“Scat!” the creepy man barked.  “Scram, you vermin!”
The two children turned their bikes around and hastily rode away.  The bloated, older man scared the pair with his threatening gestures and unseemly looks.  As the kids gained some distance, one half turned and flipped Snidley off.
“That kid’s bad,” Cindi stated at his side.
Her sudden appearance caused the creepy man to jump.  She stood there in her little white dress holding that ratty Teddy bear cradled in one arm.  He watched in shock as she lifted her empty hand and slowly slid it into his own.
It was the first time someone willingly touched Snidley Finkelstein since he was a child when mother was still alive.  Her hand was so small and soft. For some odd reason she reminded him of veal; a tender, delicious morsel.  
After a few long moments, he snapped out of his trance and rapidly looked about.  The neighborhood was quiet. Nobody was outside so no one probably noticed his little friend.  In desperation, he clutched her tiny fingers and nearly dragged Cindi to the other side of the van and down the hedge shrouded sidewalk.  
Not wanting to leave anything to chance he hurried the small child to his door where he had to fumble the key in the lock until it gave way to his ministrations and opened.  Cindi balked at entering the dark home.  What she could see from the dim light outside looked disorderly and covered with grime.
“Where’s the candy?” Cindi asked, her voice sounding unsure for the first time.  
“It’s in the kitchen,” he cheerfully answered finally at ease.  “Go in and see. The light is on the wall to the right.”
Squeezing Mr. One Button tightly to her chest she slowly, hesitantly moved into the darkened room.  Halfway to the doorway, she looked reluctantly back.
“Go ahead,” he assured her. “It’s all so delicious.  Good enough to gobble up.”
As Cindi disappeared into the darkness, Snidley Finkelstein rubbed his hands together in glee. This had been his easiest one yet.  He couldn’t believe how she had just trusted him. He had such deliciously, terrible plans for her.  
His grin widened to the point of straining his cheeks as he stepped forward.
“Mister,” the little girl called out. “I can’t find the light.”
“I’ll get it,” Finkelstein nearly sang.  As he crossed the threshold, he dragged a hand along the wall until it located the switch.  With a well-practiced flick, he illuminated the room and a large mouth full of long, jagged teeth leaping toward his throat.
Lifting an arm, he protected his juggler vein at the expense of his blubbery forearm.  As the mouth tore away it ripped his sleeve and a hunk of flesh with it.  Blood spurted from a major artery as Snidley slipped to his knees on the blood and gore covered floor.
There, at eye-level, Snidley Finkelstein got his first look at his attacker. In shock, he watched as his shirt sleeve disappeared into the gaping maw that was the part in Cindi’s hair.  A pair of eyes blinked open on one side of her hair and glared at him as its long tongue licked its teeth and gums.
The girl’s face that he thought was human was just a decoy. The true monster was just hiding in a child’s form.  
He tried to get to his feet but his bulk, coupled with the slippery floor brought him back to his hands and knees.  Head down, Snidley was too afraid to look up.  He could feel warm, fetid breath on his scalp as the creature poised itself inches from his thinning hair.  He cried begging for mercy.
“You are a delicious morsel,” the monster growled.  “Good enough to gobble up!”


Brides & Grooms
Cassidy Raine Wolters

I don't remember much about my grandfather other than the fact that he was blind.  Before he died, he told me stories about the old days.  Tales of flying machines and moving pictures, medicines that could cure diseases and ward off infections, lights that ran on a mysterious substance known as electricity, and buildings that towered to the sky.
They were fascinating yarns but I never really believed them until the day I accidentally stumbled onto the old cave that was Cormac's secret hideout. 
Cormac was the most wanted man in all the land.  King Daleon and Queen Simone offered a handsome reward for his capture and I must admit that I was tempted to turn him over to the palace guards.  But there was something about the dashing swordsman that completely won me over.
Those in power said he was a cold-blooded murderer who was a threat to the entire kingdom.  But he's not that at all.  He's a freedom fighter.  You see, Cormac is our salvation, the one man who can free us from the King and Queen's yoke of oppression.
I'd been with the rebels for almost a year.  It was a thrilling existence filled with daring raids and sensational battles.  It all seemed like a fairy tale to me, and I thanked my lucky stars every night that Cormac had taken me in and given my life a higher purpose. 
But how much longer would it last?
Things were quickly coming to a head.  King Daleon and his troops were closing in on our secret lair.  Once they found the cave, it would only be a matter of time before the resistance was crushed.
With that in mind, Cormac called a meeting to hash out one last, bold attack.  It was a desperate gamble that would bring either ruin or deliverance. 
The hundred or so men who formed the backbone of the rebellion gathered in the old cave one last time to listen to their charismatic leader's final instructions.  
"My brothers, I want to thank you for the allegiance you've shown me and your dedication to the cause of freedom," Cormac declared in a deep voice that echoed off the cavern walls.  "Take a look around you, at the machinery of a by-gone era, and I'll remind you just what it is we're fighting for."
I glanced at the strange equipment that proved that the world my grandfather told me about had, in fact, existed long ago.
"You all know the tale, but I'll tell it once again.  Mankind had developed great thinking machines call computers.  There came a time when he decided to bond with the devices to become something new, a superior kind of life form.  They gave the great experiment a name.  They called it Wedlock.  Ten couples, referred to as brides and grooms, were chosen and special equipment was implanted in their brains that allowed them instantaneous access and control of vast computer networks and granted them the ability to read their partner's minds."
"Oh, the folly of man!" someone shouted.
"Six of the couples died from complications arising from the surgery, but the other four couples survived and prospered, becoming something akin to gods.  Unfortunately, they were still under the sway of human emotions like lust, greed, and envy.  Soon they began to war amongst themselves.  In the battles that raged the once-futuristic society was crashed back to the medieval, feudalist world that now exists.  One couple after another was methodically eliminated.  Riggs and Esme were the first to be killed.  O'Dell and Kalinda were next, followed by Bastardo and Clarice.  Only one couple remained."
"Daleon and Simone!" one of the freedom fighters called out.
"That's right!" Cormac declared.  "Our King and Queen are the products of the experiment known as Wedlock, the only couple that still remains.  And now, my brothers, I have a confession to make.  I know these things because my father's father was the man who performed the diabolical procedure."
"That makes no difference!" I yelled.  "What matters is finding a way to destroy the abominations that sit on the throne so mankind can once again be free."
"I have a plan to accomplish that very task," Cormac declared.  "I've long suspected that Daleon must still have access to an array of computers.  There's no other way to explain the powers he possesses, abilities that make most men believe him to be some kind of evil sorcerer.  Well, my friends, I've finally tracked the computers down."
"Where are they?" someone asked.
"In the Forbidden Zone," Cormac announced.
"Of course!  That's why the area is off-limits," one of the men declared.
"The Forbidden Zone was once the location of the central power grid for a city called San Francisco.  A vast dam captured the water from a mighty river and used it to generate electricity.  And guess what, my brothers, it still works!  That's what provides the energy to operate the old machines."
"The computers must be destroyed!" I called out.
"Yes.  And I know exactly how to do it," Cormac announced.  He then went into a detailed explanation of his plan. 


*****


The air was crisp and the sky was clear the following morning.  Our threadbare clothes snapped in the wind and we could see our breath as Cormac led us into the Forbidden Zone.  Before long, snow began to fall.
Our mission would have been difficult under the best of circumstances, but we soon found out that our situation was rather dire.  King Daleon had found out about our plans.  He and a thousand of his men were lying in wait with every intention of crushing the rebellion once and for all.
They spotted us across an open field.  Swords were drawn and soon the crash of metal against metal filled the air, joined shortly thereafter by the anguished cries of those who had been mortally wounded.
Sweat drenched my garments and froze in the bitter wind and falling snow as I battled to stay alive.  More than once, Cormac's great skills as a swordsman saved me from certain doom.  But the chances of our success were beginning to evaporate.
Cormac handed me a small package.  "Take this.  Run as fast as your young legs can carry you."
"I won't leave you here to die!" I cried.
"If you value what we fight for, then you must," he declared. 
Still, I hesitated.
"GO!" he screamed as a fresh wave of King Daleon's troops bore down on our position.
So, I left the battlefield and scurried through the snow towards the building that housed the ancient technology.  I kicked down the door, scrambled inside, and searched the rooms until I found my goal.
Cormac had given me a device to insert into the computer system.  I followed his instructions to a tee, and in a matter of minutes, the clicking and whirring of the vast, calculating machines began to slow and eventually came to a halt.
But any celebration would have been premature, so I raced back to the battle, hoping against hope to find my brothers still alive.
The snow had stopped and the crimson haze of the sun peaked through an opening in the clouds.  The scene that it illuminated was bittersweet.  Mankind had been given a reprieve.  King Daleon was dead!  
But Cormac was also among those who lay stark and silent on the battlefield.


The End


About the Authors


Jerry Clark

Jerry Clark is a high school language arts teacher who is enjoying sharing his love of reading and writing with the students of his hometown. Before becoming a teacher, he spent 13 years as an award-winning journalist. He currently resides in Western Pennsylvania with his wife Casey and sons Trevor and Shane.

Twitter:  @gclarkavsd


Scott Lee

Scott Lee is a 1986 graduate of Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania with a BA in Anthropology. He is a professional archaeologist whose hobbies include drumming, motorcycles, giant earthmovers, hiking, disc golf, and playing cribbage.  He is a huge fan of The Walking Dead and Game of Thrones, and loves spending his spare time looking for anything old to photograph or buy.

Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/scott.lee.359126
Smashwords:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/RSLZombie
Twitter:  https://twitter.com/RSLZombie


Doug Ward

Doug Ward currently lives in Western Pennsylvania.  He is a graduate of Slippery Rock University.  He has a BFA in Fine Art.  Doug spends much of his time doing oil paintings, which incorporate mythology and science.  Although, his work mostly consists of horror stories, the author is currently working on a fantasy saga of which one story is currently published. 

Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/doug.ward.754
Website:  https://www.dougward.space
Twitter:  https://twitter.com/AuthorDougWard


Cassidy Raine Wolters

Cassidy Raine Wolters is a recent graduate of the University of Maryland where she earned a duel degree in English and Education. She was a member of the Wind Ensemble, the Pep Band, and the Delta Phi Sorority. She enjoys reading short stories, romance novels, and Calvin & Hobbes. Her original plays have been performed at the Fells Point Corner Theatre and the Strand. She lives in a studio apartment in a recently renovated Victorian home in Charles Village, Baltimore, with her orange tabby cat, Merlin, and spends most of her free time wandering around the Inner Harbor. She religiously follows the Baltimore Orioles and attends as many games as possible with her grandpa.

Smashwords:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/krod2000


The Writers Three

The Writers Three, B.C. Richards, Leonard Herrington, and Jon Flushing, all attended the University of Pittsburgh in the late 70s and early 80s.  Not only did they share that collegiate experience together, but also a strange affinity for all things weird.  Comic books, D&D, Star Trek, and really bad horror movies were among the many late-night discussions that took place in their small North Oakland apartment.  After over three decades, the friends decided to turn the plethora of out of the ordinary topics that they love into stories that they could share with the outside world.  With the encouragement of author Doug Ward, the trio set out do just that.

Website:  https://jflushing.wixsite.com/writers3


April Ward

April Ward currently lives in Western Pennsylvania.  She is attended California State University and spends much of her time doing oil paintings and being in and writing about nature.

Smashwords:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/AprilWard


Mark R. Hospodar Jr.

Mark R. Hospodar Jr. is a graduate of Duquesne University who enjoys studying medieval history. He spends too much time poring over family trees of the long dead European monarchs of England and France. Mark also possesses a great love of video games, comic books, and horror movies that continues to this very day.

Smashwords:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/MRaider95

