Genation
Earth Volk

by
Robert A. Hunt


© Copyright 2012 WORDPAINTER BOOKS.™ All Rights Reserved.
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever. 

Cover Design by Robert A. Hunt

First Wordpainter Books printing April 2012

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Disclaimer

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. This story was written for the purpose of entertainment.
Dedication;

This book is dedicated to my wife, Tina, who supported me in writing this book even when we were in high school. She is exquisitely lovely with such radiant splendor and beauty over any Viking maiden of acute brilliance there ever was. Blessed am I to have had the pleasure of knowing such fairness and delicate magnificence as hers. We have been through so much together and we keep our relationship new and refreshed through our deep connection. Tina continues to inspire me every day. I love and respect you, my darling wife, with great gratitude in my heart.
Introduction

SCIENCE FICTION AND FANTASY are exhilarating expressions for both readers and writers alike. Writers reach to become futurologists as they practice forecasting trends or developments in science and technology, or the next phase for political or social structures.
Science has a long way to go as magic became a term used between people who wished to keep to tradition and those who strived to understand our limits and push them further. The development of secret science caused people to believe in magic. 
Another path for science to understand is spiritual frequencies. Frequencies are just a fraction of the unseen realities present in our day to day lives. As we isolate and understand the aspects of unseen realities, our perception of what science is will change and our minds will open to accompany a broader sense of possibilities that we consider science fiction today.
How will unseen realities affect our day to day lives? The old ways will pass away and our lifestyles will change. Things will not always seem to get better, but we have the potential to make our world a better place to live.
Change usually starts with the planting of a few new ideas. A new idea is like a seed. If taken care of properly, it will grow. Let your imagination free. Liberate the world we live in pushing the boundaries of the way we think. The sky is the limit.
I would like to see the category, Science Fiction, become known as Inspired Visionary Fables. Just as one story teller inspires another, so a true visionary can inspire the world we live in.
I am exhilarated to have had the opportunity to bring Genation to fruition. This story has been such a large part of my life for so long. Creative thoughts should not stay in our heads. Share your ideas with the rest of the world.
Thank you for the opportunity to share Genation with you.

Robert A. Hunt










Prologue
Genation Time

SPACE, though deathly cold, is full of life. Our little planet is a significantly small part of a monumentally larger picture. Other intelligent creatures, sharing our space, are searching for answers to the same big questions we have. Though they’re no closer to finding the answers, some of the creatures are leaps and bounds ahead of us.
Humans have become complacent as the leading species of earth. If we were visited by another species, like Volks, we would gauge ourselves with them only to realize our disadvantage. If we humans found we were discovered by an advanced species, would we not fear becoming slaves to their master alien race? We would attempt to fight such oppression before giving up our freedom.

The Genation nebula; located at the center of all existence, is an accumulated power of living energy and intelligence. All we have seen and heard is not all there is. More questions will meet fewer answers the more we explore time and space.
The power within Genation is a god-like mystery. The reason the Morguldeans and Volks know the Genation nebula is the center of all creation is because all of the galaxies are moving away from it.
Open your mind to a whole new perspective; enter Genation...

Chapter 1

OPENING HIS EYES WEARILY, Eddy Evon recognized his surroundings. Amidst the quiet buzzing cockpit of his spacecraft, he found he was in his Zandith Crockmior L/X. This spacecraft was a synthetic organism created from a technology far beyond human capability. Though Eddy wasn’t human, he felt very much alone. Still a little fuzzy about the events before he blacked out, he gave his head a shake and tried to connect the dots.
‘Why am I in the cockpit alone?’ he wondered, ‘Grizz! Where could he have gone?’ Eddy found he was upside down. While he dangled, he examined the interior of the tight confinements of his insectoid alien craft. The craft was locked within the cargo hold of an alien space station. The compartment outside was taller than it was wide. It had an octagon shape. The metal material of the walls shimmered as it conducted a foreign energy. Attached to the walls was a number of heavy duty, semi robotic arms. A couple of the arms were stretched out and held the Zandith Crockmior securely.
Peering out for a broader view from the optical viewing eyes, Eddy saw the huge shapes of the creatures who inhabited the strange space station. The hideous creatures looked kind of lobster-like, as though they belonged at the bottom of a deep ocean. They had bone plated skin with many random spikes. Its legs were like pinchers and its single eye cluster was at the end of its long retractable neck. Where its stomach was expected to be, it had a large vertical mouth that fed the enormous shell that trailed behind it. A thick appendage was also like a neck or throat that connected the creature to its massive caboose of a shell.
These shells of these creatures were each very different. Some were smooth while others were spiky and rough. Each of the ‘Morguldeans’ were distinguished by a variety of colours. At the bottom of their great shells were spidery lobster-like legs. Though it wasn’t easy to tell them apart, no two Morguldeans looked the same. 
 There were three of them in all but because each one was the size of a house, the cargo hold was crowded. Within the claws of one of the creatures was the limp body of Grizz.
Risking a moment to look into the mind of one of the alien creatures, Eddy found them to be completely fascinated by the Genation nebula. It was the reason they were there. Like Eddy, they were not from Genation and he found out they referred to themselves as, Morguldeans.
Eddy carefully severed the telepathic link and drew in a deep breath of the musty old air which he found thick with carbon dioxide. The last thing Eddy remembered was nearing a strange alien space station with his co-pilot, Grizz, at his side. Eddy didn’t expect to find any sign of life in the twin nebula of Genation before they entered it. A swarm of Galordians, or living, glowing blue spheres, moved from the nebula and showered the Zandith Crockmior L/X. When this happened, Eddy lost consciousness. The Galordians overwhelmed Eddy telepathically.
	
Something took hold of Eddy’s ankle in a merciless vice-like hold. Eddy’s grip tightened on his double bladed axe as he was drawn out. Forcefully yanking Eddy from his insectular spacecraft he made a quick assessment. The craft looked like a giant wasp and one of the giant Morguldeans had ripped the cockpit head open then it pulled Eddy out.
“Grizz!” Eddy shouted to his half-brother.
Lifting his head, Grizz responded by looking in Eddy’s direction. “Brother, it is us against the universe. If we want to get out of this we’re going to have to fight them all!” Steam rose from his black impenetrable mask.
Though the alien space station was void of gravity in the cargo hold, Eddy managed to find enough leverage to swing his axe and chop at the Morguldean’s arm.
Eddy was thrown as the floating Morguldeans skittered about amongst them.
Unexpectedly full of life, Grizz threw some of his Acturus shurikens (throwing stars) at a Morguldean who moved in to attack him, before his samurai swords flashed about aggressively. The red and deep yellow colours of the creature’s bone plated hide made it seem like a creature of fire. One of the Morguldean’s claws grabbed onto Grizz’s wrist, then it quickly snapped a hold on his other wrist, Letting his sword drop from his hand, Grizz kicked the hilt of it sending it darting toward the alien monstrosity. The razor sharp blade plunged deep into the shoulder of the Morguldean. The creature released Grizz and stumbled back. Yellow blood oozed from the wound and the abomination’s great mouth opened at its stomach and howled. With the sword still lodged into the creature up to its hilt, Grizz thought he had the upper hand, but the Morguldean kept coming at him even faster and more aggressive than before.
What Grizz and Eddy didn’t know, was that a Morguldean didn’t carry its weaknesses in its body the way they did. The brain, heart, and other intestinal organs were safely protected inside the large shell attached behind it. The alien figure in front of the large shell was bone and muscle with only two small weaknesses; the eye cluster and the single antenna that protruded above it.
While Grizz continued to struggle against his opponent, Eddy was in close contact with another Morguldean. This one was green, brown and orange in colour. Quick to use his axe, Eddy flipped it so the wide flat edge would deflect any strike against him. Chopping at the giant creature, Eddy quickly realized the fight couldn’t go on this way. Mentally, he called his sertz to assist him to distract the Morguldean. In that instant the little robotic sertz flew in at the creature’s eye cluster like a tiny red spark.
Instantly, the Morguldean focused its eyes on the sertz.
Eddy dived to the Zandith Crockmior. He hoped to use his wasp-like spacecraft as a barrier between him and the Morguldean.
Seeing Eddy’s black army boots dangling behind the abdomen of the craft, the Morguldean darted in to attack. The creature didn’t expect to find Eddy merely used his boots as a decoy. Rising over the Zandith Crockmior, Eddy launched himself at the creature, driving his axe down for a final death blow.
Abruptly, the Morguldean moved incredibly fast. It narrowly dodged the sharp, heavy axe blade. Then a yoyo flew from the creature and cracked Eddy upside his head.
This was the strangest thing as Eddy only had knowledge of Grizz using such a thing as a weapon. Though his head hurt, Eddy knew this didn’t add up at all. ‘How would these creatures know how to skillfully use a yoyo like a weapon?’ he wondered.

Grizz’s swords were forced from his grip, but it made little difference since he carried an arsenal of weaponry. Armaments decorated his semi-armored body.
An inventory of alien weapons were attached to the Morguldean’s shells. Grizz didn’t want the creatures to reach their devices. Not interested in what secrets might lay hidden there, Grizz had to finish off these creatures fast.
Eddy’s sertz flew from out of nowhere and zig-zagged around Grizz’s head, clanging into his dark helmet. The fly-size robot flew inside Grizz’s helmet where it buzzed about. Fumbling, he quickly removed his helmet. Matted, long, dark strands of hair stuck to his sweaty face. Scars lined Grizz’s skin like a road map. Most of his features were inhumanly muscled, but his brown eyes were proof that he was human at the core. Human skin covered most of his body, but grey volk patches told a deeper story. One might assume he was cared for very little by the people who did this to him.
After the little sertz left Grizz, a Morguldean challenged him. Holding a shiny double bladed axe in its claws, the Morguldean threatened Grizz. It began swinging the axe to chop him. ‘These creatures learn fast.’ Grizz speculated before replacing the helmet over his head once more, ‘They want to fight us at our own level.’
Letting his rage take over, Grizz unloaded all he had upon the creature.

Meanwhile, Eddy’s green, orange and brown Morguldean displayed a noticeable increase of hostility revealing just how primitive these creatures really were. Leaping high into the bristle of cactus-like rods that extended from the ceiling, Eddy took hold of one and swung to the next where he crouched and took purchase. Ravening energies surged through the tips of the rods and arced from one spine to the next.
Recalling his sertz back to him, Eddy allowed his little robot to enter his ear and connect to his mind. Upon doing this, the tiny sertz quickly discovered a telepathic deception. Unknown to Eddy, the cunning Morguldeans had done nothing against him or Grizz. They actually occupied the outskirts of the area and observed the two of them.
The Morguldeans were gargoyle-like, the way they stood completely motionless.
When Eddy and Grizz thought they were fighting the Morguldeans, they were, in fact, fighting each other. While the two brothers were busy fighting for their survival, the Morguldeans studied their memories.
The entire deception came to an abrupt halt to Eddy’s mind when the sertz established a block to the Morguldean’s telepathic intrusions. Before Eddy’s eyes, the hostile orange, green and brown Morguldean morphed into Grizz. Eddy blinked, uncertain what was real, for a moment. Focusing his sights on Grizz, the veil of fog lifted and the light of truth became bright and clear.
Next, Eddy had to convince his companion that his mind was being manipulated, “Hey, Grizz! Stop fighting! It’s me Eddy!”
All Grizz was aware of was a menacing Morguldean threating him. Changing hands to a new weapon, Grizz began to twirl and thrash his nun-chucks at Eddy. The axe was knocked from Eddy’s grasp and the nun-chucks came flying in at him with brutish, powerhouse strikes. Eddy was pummeled by the attack. Raising his bony forearm plates in defense, he deflected most of the blows. Eddy had to find a resolution immediately or he’d be forced to cripple his brother to stop him. Grizz was so quick and trained for this sort of thing.
Eddy shouted and made a couple quick jabs at Grizz’s mid-section.

A lung-searing miasma of carbonized component filled the air. It was administered by the Morguldeans and obscured everything. Grizz was surprised the Morguldean didn’t try an attack of a stronger effort at such close contact. He felt completely out matched by the creature’s sheer size alone.
Eddy twirled and kicked his leg out at his side, knocking Grizz back across the holding area. What remained in Eddy’s palm was a concussion grenade. Pulling the pin and tossing the grenade high above to the ceiling, both he and Grizz braced for the detonation.
The Morguldeans weren’t familiar with such technology and didn’t expect an explosive shock of such magnitude. Telepathy throughout the Morguldean space station was shaken and the disruption enabled Grizz to finally see through the ruse. As Grizz’s mind cleared, his red and yellow Morguldean opponent morphed into Eddy.
“These creatures are sneaky parasites, Eddy.”
When Eddy could see Grizz finally recognized him, he knew they had to act fast. Eddy was both impressed and cautious of the Morguldean’s telepathic level of efficiency.
“Why aren’t you wearing your boots?” Grizz observed, checking out Eddy with more detail. Eddy wore specialized army gear, custom designed for his large volk size. Along with his grey and black camouflage pants, he also wore a black sleeveless bullet proof vest. Clasped to his left forearm was a dark metal device. His humanoid volk form was barely a pass for anything remotely human. With the stature of giants, Volks had grey translucent skin with a tint of blue from head to toe. Their twin spines and the flat bony plates that grew from their forearms and shoulders were completely inhuman. Eight to nine feet tall with extraordinary thick, bioluminescent bones and dense muscle, this particular volk, Eddy, was average for his kind. Hairless creatures, the eyes of volks were blacker than space beyond Genation. With small pointed ears and powerful chiseled features, Eddy felt a deep warning cast over him.
Looking down at his bare feet, Eddy wiggled his toes with extraordinary flexibility. “I used my boots at the Zandith Crockmior earlier to trick you into thinking you knew where I was. I thought you were a Morguldean.” Reaching behind the Zandith Crockmior, Eddy took hold of his boots once more. Designed by humans for the feet of volks, Eddy pulled on and re-tied his heavy military footwear. As he finished tying his laces, he looked up at the high walls of the cargo hold and noticed the third Morguldean there like he was pinned against the ceiling. He must have made himself invisible to us during the fighting, but now Eddy and Grizz could see he was grey with a metallic blue and purple sheen reflecting light from its exo-skeleton and shell. Grizz pointed out the blackened scorch marks up along the creature’s right side of its body. The blast from the grenade still had it quite shaken.
Eddy shouted up at the wounded Morguldean. “You aren’t the only illusionists aboard this space station!”
The creature seemed to writhe in pain, before it began to drop down toward them. Bracing for the overhead assault, Grizz waited for the creature to come to him, but Eddy kicked himself away from the wall and glided weightlessly to the Zandith Crockmior. On his way, he re-claimed his axe.
A scream erupted from Grizz as the Morguldean inflicted compound fear into his psyche. The sound Grizz made wasn’t one Eddy had ever heard from him before and he hoped he’d never have to hear it again.
The sertz protected Eddy from any further psychic trauma now that I learned what to look for. Swinging his axe with wide strokes, Eddy chopped and severed the mechanical arms and clamps that held the Zandith Crockmior.
Glancing back, Eddy saw the Morguldean take hold off Grizz. Limp in the creature’s claws, Grizz looked like a lifeless puppet. Turning its body until it faced Eddy, it looked right at him with its eye cluster at the end of its long neck extension. The Morguldean was about to move toward him when it stopped. Though Eddy’s mind couldn’t be accessed, the Morguldean seemed to recognize Eddy’s determination. It either didn’t like it that Eddy was ready to continue the fight or it didn’t like that it couldn’t predict Eddy’s next move. The Morguldean turned and fled the cargo hold passing between a series of crystal pillars.
Climbing up into the mouth of the Zandith Crockmior, Eddy began to navigate the wasp-like craft. He began to drive it toward the strange crystal entry-way.
The Zandith Crockmior L/X with its enunamic field technology was able to travel the incredible distance past countless galaxies to the Genation nebula.
Fifteen meters in length, with the appearance of a wasp, the Zandith Crockmior was merely one of countless spacecrafts, designed by volks to navigate remote areas of deep space. When traveling, the wings moved in a blur of motion and lit up with soft blue enunamic energy. 
Striped with deep yellow and black, the Zandith Crockmior’s long thin legs folded up and locked in underneath it as it flew. Piloting the vehicle, within the head or cockpit of the organic spacecraft, Eddy was determined to take back his brother by force and be free of the Morguldeans.
Working the powerful legs of the craft between the center of the crystal cylinders Eddy necessitated all the strength the organic machine could provide. Finally, the Zandith Crockmior managed to spread the crystal cylinders apart like a curtain.
What Eddy saw on the other side was a giant tunnel section of a short stretch of road that gradually turned in a half moon circle. ‘This is a junction of this space station.’ Eddy realized. At multiple locations around the road were doorways comprising deep swirling portals of energy. The giant Morguldeans materialized out from the swirls at high speed and flew fluidly down the circular passage before entering another swirl. Darting in fearlessly, they appeared to dematerialize. The circular stretch of road was like an unworldly two lane highway and the Morguldeans who used it were difficult to watch because they moved in and out of the portals so quickly.
“Things keep getting stranger and stranger here.” Eddy muttered to himself before he was aware, the fast moving alien creatures had quickly slowed to a stop and turned their grand eyes to look at him. Eddy shrank under their baleful sculptured stares.
The quick response of the Zandith Crockmior set its wings to buzzing in motion. Lunging at the nearest Morguldean, Eddy directed his craft to insert its long stinger through the chest of a creature. The huge mouth on the creature’s abdomen opened wide letting out an ear piercing wail of pain, but it was not enough to kill the tough creature. Its arms came around the wasp-like craft and squeezed. Obviously it wasn’t going to be easy to kill one of these Morguldeans. The two huge creatures floated into the center of the chamber weightlessly. Other Morguldeans gathered around and closed in.
Eddy felt like a wrestler held him in a tight death grip. The six insect legs of the creature had also wrapped around Eddy’s craft and he could feel the circulation of the Zandith Crockmior begin to slow to a stop. Refusing to accept such a defeat, Eddy slid out through the mouth of the Zandith Crockmior. He had his double bladed axe drawn. Before the Morguldean fully realized the volk had emerged from the mouth, Eddy swung his huge axe, slicing the telepathic antenna off the top of the creature’s eyes. Returning his momentum, Eddy back fisted the Morguldean in the eyes, temporarily blinding it. This distracted his opponent enough to release its hold on the Zandith Crockmior.
Ducking back into the mouth, Eddy used his craft’s legs to deliver an additional beating. Kicking the Morguldean away, shell and all, the others moved in. For some reason they moved, too slow. This led Eddy to assume the Telepathy of the Morguldeans was additionally intrusive. It would’ve overpowered him if not for the protection of his sertz. Great pain awaited Eddy if they managed to get inside his mind one more time.
The high speed activity slowed. The portals stopped swirling and became like the stillness of space. No one came through the portals from that moment on and each of the creatures raised their eyes telescopically to fix their extrasensory abilities on Eddy.
Turning to duck back into the cargo hold, a powerful telekinetic force seized Eddy’s body. The telekinesis was the invisible extension of one of the alien creature’s claws. Holding Eddy tightly at his waist the volk decided to challenge the strength of the alien creature. With his hands on the crystal cylinders, Eddy required all of his strength to pull himself into the chamber slightly. It was sufficient enough, that he could reach in and grab his axe handle. Over-powered by the huge alien creature, Eddy was pulled out and tossed to the crowded roadway. Rolling before springing to his feet, Eddy brandished his axe in defense. Fully prepared to protect himself against the gruesome creatures, he discovered a telepathic communication beginning to ease into his mind, ‘We are Morguldeans! We are superior to you but we do not wish to hurt you. Relinquish your weapon and come with us peacefully.’ Then, as if to sway Eddy with a suspicious promise, ‘We will take you to your companion.’
Eddy replied matching their same method of telepathy, ‘How about, I keep the weapon and you go find my companion for me. I’ve come too close to my goal to have the likes of you intimidate me now.’ With confidence, Eddy saw the Morguldeans re-consider their apprehensive persuasion.
Without hesitation, the Morguldeans moved to attack with equal speed and precision. Eddy swung his axe again and again as he lopped limbs off the Morguldeans. They continued to advance on him. The dismembered large arms and spider legs caused the creatures to finally reel in pain. They backed away from Eddy just out of reach.
Eddy eyed the creatures like a fine tuned weapon.
The wounded Morguldeans collected their severed body parts and began putting them back in place like they expected them to heal up instantly. Their thick yellowish blood slowly bled back into their wounds. Other Morguldeans held small devices that they used to shine an intense green light on each other’s wounds to quicken and finalize the healing process.
All of the Morguldeans reorganized themselves and held new positions with additional weapons pulled from their shells. The weapons were constructed similarly. They were long golden rods with smaller metal rods twisted in and around them. With the sound of multiple chirps, the energy weapons of the Morguldeans charged up. Disks formed under the spider legs as some of the Morguldeans rose off the street and traveled over head in the high tunnel. 
‘That stung, volk.’ They knew of Eddy’s species. ‘We can re-attach our severed limbs and restore our wounds. It is time we return the favor, and for your sake you better be able to do the same.’ The Morguldeans blinked with their haunting singular eye lids, never letting Eddy out of their sight.
‘You want a piece of me?’ Eddy taunted the Morguldeans, “Come over here and take it.” Eddy finished; speaking out loud. The Morguldeans fought like they were as good as new. Eddy shouted as he charged at them. 
Planning to slide under the Morguldean nearest him, Eddy was about to raise his axe blade enough to score a long laceration, causing its entrails to spill out.
Instead, what he actually did was charge at the Morguldean then suddenly he was seized and captured with both telepathy and telekinesis. “Evon, can you protect me from the mental powers of these creatures?” through clenched teeth, Eddy questioned his sertz.
The small robot shot out of Eddy’s ear answering, “I AM ABLE TO BLOCK THE ABILITIES OF THESE CREATURES.”
“Block them! Block them!” Eddy commanded before he was released to weightlessness in mid-air. Both, the telepathy and telekinesis vanished like a terrible cloud dissipated in an instant.
Evon the sertz, continued to fly around Eddy’s head resonating a hypersonic frequency. This was enough to disable the Morguldean’s persuasive broadcast.
Eddy climbed to the top of the wounded Morguldean’s spikey shell. As the volk leaped from the shell, one of the hotshot Morguldeans tried to shoot at Eddy. The weapon missed and only further injured the wounded Morguldean.
From a spinning leap in low gravity, Eddy elbowed one of the Morguldeans right in its great eye. Using leverage from his lightning quick attack, he saw the eye was a definite weak spot. The entire creature instantly recoiled into its shell with a horrific shriek. Knowing now where to strike the creatures to cause them the most pain, Eddy quickly round housed the next Morguldean in its eye as he shouted, “Evon! Target their eyes!”
The little robotic sertz began shooting tiny colourful stars of energy, hitting multiple Morguldeans right in their open eyes. The Morguldeans quickly recoiled into their shells so quickly and with such force the shells spun around in the low G. A field of protective living energy began to glow, surrounding each of them.
Eddy, a very large volk with huge muscles, began striking each of the Morguldean’s eyes rapidly. Soon, every Morguldean had retracted into its shell.
The Morguldeans knew of Eddy’s single plan to attack their eyes so they retracted their eyes into their bodies just enough so they could still see.
Leaping through the air again, Eddy landed with a tuck and roll before slipping unnoticed amongst the floating Morguldean shells. Hiding underneath one of the Morguldeans, Eddy’s sertz continued blocking the telepathic attempts of getting inside his mind.
This aggravated the Morguldeans. Most of their thought process was based on telepathy. The huge dark portals were active again as darkness swirled within. As a precaution, many of the Morguldean shells backed into the portals. Seconds ticked by as the Morguldeans grew more anxious.
Climbing up the back of one of the Morguldean’s floating shell, Eddy straddled it holding on tightly to its spikes. An energy field formed around the entire creature before it began to fly with forward motion. Riding it like a flying turtle, Eddy Lurched forward feeling like a stowaway. He was along for the ride to where ever as the Morguldean ventured. There was nothing he could do to stop the creature from entering one of the rolling black portals.
Chapter 2

INSTANTANEOUSLY, Eddy was launched out of the other end of the portal. Now within an entirely different location, he found he’d been transported to the ceiling of the space station’s dome. Holding onto the Morguldean’s shell tighter, he saw far below him, the encased planet of the Morguldeans. ‘Oh, great, now I’m really lost.’ Eddy counselled himself as he took in the magnificent sight of Morguldean civilization far below. Though Eddy didn’t want to remain at such a dangerous altitude above the cities, he wasn’t particularly thrilled about descending to one of them.
The Morguldean dived toward the encased planet’s surface. They passed by floating mechanical stations and through clouds before a mysterious telepathic message came to Eddy’s mind. ‘Follow my voice and you’ll find me.’ Spoke a thought to Eddy’s mind, only this thought was not intrusive as the other Morguldeans had been. This thought wasn’t the same at all. Eddy understood the mind behind the thought like it was somehow relative to his own. For a moment he considered the thought must have come from Grizz, but Grizz was always far too aggressive to be so subtle. It had to be another volk…. At least he hoped it was.
The Morguldean’s telescopic cluster eye extended over its back and gazed into Eddy’s face. Aware that the Morguldean had received the same telepathic message, it decided to follow the same voice which spoke to Eddy’s mind. Lured to a specific building of the Morguldean world, Eddy and the Morguldean were then directed to a specific window.

The whole incident began to bother Eddy as he suspected some sort of misleading trickery, perhaps the same trickery which led to Grizz’s capture.
Nearing the window that they were telepathically directed to, Eddy looked in and noticed someone inside looking out at him. It was a control room window of some sort. Steadily, the Morguldean carefully brought Eddy closer to the window.
The single being within the dark room was not a Morguldean. The dark hooded and cloaked figure at the center of the room had a bipedal body. Continuing to observe from behind the window, he recognized the human-like person was very short next to the large alien counters and strange consoles around him. As though waiting for Eddy to do something, the mysterious person seemed just as amazed to look at him. The dark figure moved forward until he was under the high counter. Eddy couldn’t see him anymore. A hand reached up over the counter and flipped a switch.
When the window vanished, the Morguldean used a telekinetic ability to carry Eddy inside. At this point, perhaps out of respect for this mysterious person, the Morguldean wasn’t threatening anymore. It was like the dark figure could influence, or perhaps control it. Noticing the inner compartment had gravity, Eddy settled his feet on the counter. Careful not to step on any of the controls, Eddy cautiously looked at the Morguldean, then down to the cloaked figure. “Hello?” he spoke calmly as he carefully placed his axe on the counter. “My name is, Eddy Evon. I will not harm you.” Speaking in basic English, Eddy hoped the creature would at least respond to the soft tone of his voice.
The cloaked figure waved his hand with a telepathic message for the Morguldean outside the window to depart. When the Morguldean flew away, the window re-appeared like it rematerialized. Craning his neck, Eddy looked over the countertop. 
“Peace, you are welcome here. I wouldn’t harm my friends.” Spoke a voice from the dark and mysterious hood. “I am, Jupacious.” The cloaked figure slid his hood back, exposing his face. Looking up in the faint light the face behind the voice was revealed. Jupacious was a volk. The first thing Eddy realized was how thin and old this volk was. He recognized a strange peace in this volk’s eyes. If it was a trap, Eddy would be drawn in easily. The eyes of Jupacious were so strange and deep, magnificent and mysterious at the same time. Those eyes… Strong but gentle, somehow familiar, looking deep into his soul… Those eyes... “You do not belong here. I’m supposed to be the only volk here.”
“Perhaps neither of us are supposed to be here. I’m a time traveler.” Eddy spoke with a wise nod of his head. “Tell me how you came to be here.”
“Time traveler. Yes, I’m also a dimensional traveler. My story is rather unbelievable. I will surely answer any question you care to ask, but because you’re new here, I prefer you start with your story.” The look in the old volk’s dark eyes taunted Eddy to open up.
“I’ll tell you my story, but I’m concerned for my companion. I’m searching for Grizz. Do you know where I can find him?” Eddy swallowed and squinted his eyes anticipating the answer.
“I’ve been watching him and following where the Morguldeans have taken him.” Jupacious answered, and pointed to a three dimensional view screen on the console. It had perfect clarity. There, they saw the Morguldeans with Grizz in a chamber. Grizz had been bound and put into a clear capsule. With use of their instruments they activated many optical receptors which granted endless view points as they followed Grizz. “The Morguldeans and their scans are harmless. Notice how your companion, Grizz, is not frightened. They did the very same thing to me. We have to wait for them to finish before we can see him.”
“How can you be so sure? The Morguldeans are not good creatures, they’re evil.” Eddy sneered.
“You’re new here and you don’t yet understand the Morguldeans. They’re an honorable race and they can be very helpful to us if you know how to communicate with them.” Jupacious explained.
“Will they want to examine me?” Eddy asked nervously.
“No, you’re a volk. The Morguldeans know our kind through the examinations conducted on me, but this creature, Grizz, is strange. Is he a volk?”
“Not exactly.” Eddy told him.
Jupacious wasn’t too interested in Grizz as he waved the thought away. “In the meantime I have questions that need answering. You’re a stranger to me, yet everyone has a story, where they came from, the places they’ve been and the creatures they’ve encountered. I would like very much for you to tell me your tale.” Eddy noticed a small object covering the left ear of Jupacious. Pointing at the half round black object at the side of his head, Jupacious said, “Your sertz can connect to this and send me your thoughts instantly.”
‘Strange.’ thought Eddy. ‘This volk seems to know more than I suspected. I can’t wait to find out his story. I’ve only ventured part of my journey. This volk here has technology equal to my own. He not only knows of the sertz but he knows I have one also… So where’s his?’ Eddy decided to test Jupacious’s reaction.
“Evon.” spoke Eddy as he called for his sertz. From Eddy’s ear flew the tiny robot.
It was designed like a tiny chiseled floating body with a tiny head mounted directly on top. The head turned, observing the room before it examined Jupacious. Slowing to a stop, at eye level, it fixed its bright red eyes on Eddy. “I AM HERE, MY LORD.”
Eddy examined the eyes of Jupacious. He looked for a glimmer of surprise or malice but all he found was a smile.
Jupacious was amused by the little sertz whom Eddy named Evon, but the sertz only captured his attention for a brief moment before his intense eyes locked onto Eddy once again.
Deciding to trust the old volk, Eddy shifted his gaze to his sertz, and said, “I wish to telepathically link with Jupacious. He’s wearing a device on his head. I need you to remote interface with this device.”
“VERY WELL, MASTER.” Evon replied loyally. Circling around Eddy’s head, the sertz finally flew into Eddy’s ear to establish the telepathic link.
Peering back at Jupacious, very serious now, Eddy said, “I have to start my tale from the beginning, with my father, Mulunac.” Successfully connected, the information from Eddy’s mind began to transmit.
For Eddy, it was an opportunity to relive his life before he left it all behind.

“Great heroes; creatures capable of accomplishing impossible feats, have come and gone throughout history. Amongst the greatest beings to have ever lived was my father, Mulunac; the leader of a thrustle-T battalion.
In a time long ago, on the peaceful planet of Verticus, my father was one of the few who was more than just a noble volk. He served the planet as a peacekeeper under the authority of the thrustle-T, but he was appointed first in front-line rank. Proving himself superior among volks and the thrustle-T my father’s name was greatly honored.
The armor worn by Mulunac covered his blue energy gel suit. The armor plating sparkled with a thick metallic red finish that was clear and smooth. Waves of energy pulsed across the impenetrable red armor. Gold also lined the edges of the armor. Silver insect wings, framed in gold, pointed high at the sides of his helmet.
Strong features shaped Mulunac’s magnanimous face, and every word he spoke held a deeper meaning. His presence was like no other.
Verticus, my home world, was a magnificent planet, yet if left to nature without volk intervention it would’ve been destroyed many times over. To keep from being incinerated altogether, a huge mechanical brace had to be constructed across the surface of this unique world. The brace wrapped around the entire surface of the planet along the equator. The planetary prosthetics allowed Verticus to leave its natural orbit around the sun and back away to a safe distance where the heat wouldn’t destroy all life.
At the natural proximity the planet would burn up. The solar system was at a ripe old age and the sun was a red giant. Besides keeping the planet a safe distance from the unstable sun, the brace of Verticus was also capable of controlling weather conditions and aiding the planet in the calming of natural disasters. Nature can be stubborn to get along with no matter how much control is established over it. On the surface, volks shared their dominance with huge insects. 
Millions of years ago, dinosaurs dominated the planet earth, later mammals, with humans at the top of the food chain. On my planet, Verticus, insects ruled. It has always been so from the beginning. Volks were superior, but they couldn’t compete with the rate that the insects bred, infested and consumed.
Many of the vehicles on Verticus were replicas of insects to blend in. Most volks admired the natural design and colour of highly agile insects. Insects were sought to be linked to the next step in the evolution of volks.
Much of this world was peaceful, but evil crept in just the same. Even in the lives of beings as superior as volks, it was amazing what a little confusion and misunderstanding could do.
Gastonish, a female volk (wovolk), renowned in the arts of peace and pure living, found favor in the eyes of Mulunac. Not only did the two of them work well together, they formed an allegiance that grew so strong they became more than trusted friends.
Gastonish wore a lot of items which incorporated electric pinks and purples. No outfit worked better for her than the body conforming, skin tight pink energy gel suit, incorporating a circuit design that shifted and clicked to conform with the motions of her movements. Though her bioluminescent bones were thick, her compact volk musculature accentuated her feminine robustness and beauty.
It was inevitable Mulunac and Gastonish would want to commit themselves to one another with marital vows. Mulunac loved Gastonish more than anything else in the worlds and they decided to unite in a customary volk wedding of extravagant brilliance.

Giant flying insects and vehicles filled the expanse of the orange coloured sky. Within the Zandith Crockmior L/X, Mulunac and Gastonish traveled at a tremendous speed blurring the landscape of Verticus’s ridged crust. Heading toward the horizon of a vibrant red sunset they enjoyed the golden high-lights which surrounded them. The insect-like craft darted away from the planet as the surface rounded from their precise trajectory. The buzzing of the insect vehicle’s wings began to glow brightly as they continued their journey. Passing through the atmosphere with ease and entering orbit, the passengers glanced back at their shrinking home world of Verticus. There they caught a glimpse of the bloated red sun which reminded them of a molten eye of anger ready to explode. Looking on to the future, Mulunac and Gastonish focused on their new life that they intended to build with each other.
After leaving the ceremony of their wedding, excitement filled their strong young hearts. Racing against the speed of the adrenaline pumping through their veins, they decided to shoot for the stars.
A destination filled with benign beauty and bewilderment was plotted into their course. Neither of the two beings navigated the organic craft, for it was operating by a self-guidance system. Their two sertz recorded the journey of the craft in its entirety. 
Tendrils hung out toward the passengers like large glossy spider legs. Mulunac held his bulky forearm monitor close to the tendrils. Twisty prong-like limbs from the dashboard twitched and stretched out to the arm monitor. Within reach, the organic appendages plugged into some small holes of the arm monitor. It opened like a clam or a book and displayed countless readings for the passengers to observe.
The speed at which they traveled was equivalent to five times that of a photon of light. Using technology of the volks, the passengers doubled their speed. The effects from the sudden thrust and velocity was muffled. The passengers hardly felt the change in speed at all. Volks had achieved such advancements in their enunamic fields which protected the passengers from such sudden kicks of velocity. From their new speed they doubled it again and again. Traveling thirty times faster than the speed of light, the insectular vehicle soon neared its destination and began to decrease speed.
Arriving at the beautiful planet of the Procyon solar system; the planet Tryserious, where the Volks there recently achieved planet stability, was popular for its fine luxuries. It was a young world. Everything there was new and clean and capable of sustaining any life selected from Verticus for the planet’s criteria.
Three days were spent at Tryserious as the couple enjoyed the pleasures of the fresh, modern concepts of this natural world. Landscapes, vegetation, triple moons and wondrous night skies were all novel perceptions to the Verthlings. They couldn’t recall another time of their lives when problems were as distant as they seemed during their time at Tryserious, on their honeymoon.
After three days, Mulunac had a strong desire to continue their voyage to a distant nebula; a nebula outside their own galaxy; the Genation nebula.
Legend had it this nebula was the birth mark where everything in existence began. It was said it was the very location from whence creation sprang to being from a great flash of light.
Drawn to Genation by a deep inner yearning, Mulunac was compelled to make the long journey there. His recent dreams commanded it of him. Genation called to him and he was unable to keep his mind on anything else.
Many volks had ventured to the wondrous location but the excitement and popularity of this place had diminished over the years. Most telepathic creatures would reportedly become filled with rage and madness if they spent too much time there. After Mulunac’s strange dreams of this place, he wanted simply to see it and quench his curiosity once and for all. Gastonish didn’t fully understand Mulunac’s fascination but she agreed to join him. She would join him wherever he ventured if she could.
The voyage through space was much like before, except they were beyond the stars. When they came to a stop, they found themselves gazing upon the spectacular sight of the nebula; Genation. It was an awesome sight, stretching out for what seemed to be forever.
The Genation nebula; hundreds of thousands of times larger than our own galaxy and stranger than any other domain of space this twin nebula harnessed raw powers in the purest living capacity. On one side a swirl moved clock-wise and glowed in a kindled fiery red while the other side swirled counter clock-wise and glowed with a deep icy blue radiance. These twin expanses dominated like fire and ice.
Spears of bright white light projected and pierced through the centers of the two nebulas. These two spears of light stretched out into the depths of space and faded out beyond sight.
A continuous line of hydrogen gas glowed purple and surrounded the two great nebulas. With the appearance of a loose crumpled ribbon of energy, this purple gas didn’t only surround the twins but it made contact with the two spears of light. Intersecting the spears of light the ribbon remained distant from both the nebulas, like an aura.
“It is more wondrous than I imagined it would be in my dreams.” Mulunac remarked. “I expected to feel better after I saw it, but now I just feel more drawn to it.” The insect craft shuddered as it passed through a solar electrical field. Systems compensated and recalibrated.
While observing the different aspects of the benign nebulas, a pair of brilliant blue lights of energy streaked past the Zandith Crockmior. “What are those? Living creatures compose of light energy? Impossible.” Mulunac instinctively pursued the speedy little objects to learn more about them.
“Mulunac, just leave them alone.” Gastonish insisted. She was of a strong disposition.
“My telepathy reads only you and I in this system. Why can we not read the minds of these intelligent things? As a thrustle-T, it’s my duty to investigate. I must pursue them.”
“But your time as a thrustle-T has passed.” Gastonish reminded him, “Just let them go.”
But Mulunac felt useful as a thrustle-T. It’s been all he knew for so long. He would not be replaced by robots and so easily forgotten. Within seconds, a great distance of space was covered in the pursuit of the blue spheres of energy. Mulunac brought their insectular vehicle very close to the nebulas and the purple ribbon of energy that surrounded them. There, he discovered the dozen small blue spheres of light situated together in a tight cluster. They stopped dancing around with excitement and were no longer moving. Slowing their craft quickly, Mulunac’s telepathy couldn’t locate the blue spheres of energy even though they were clearly right in front of him.
The purple glowing energy ribbon that encircled the nebula, slightly brightened as they neared it. Once the insectular craft began moving into the purple cosmic gas, their sensors revealed it was composed of energy crystals. These crystals gave off the purple glow and they were also responsible for the odd structure of the ribbon. 
Mulunac’s body suddenly froze-up in some sort of paralysis. His body; as rigid as stone, showed other side-effects. Mulunac’s deep black eyes were fully opened, like he was in a trance.
Gastonish, tried to shake him out of it as she shouted at him, but nothing worked. Deciding to take control of the Zandith Crockmior, Gastonish made sure Mulunac was safely locked in beside her. For the giant female to have manual control, she had to plug an organic tendril into her helmet. After doing this, Gastonish allowed her mind to have direct control of the Zandith Crockmior. Her mind thought for the insect vehicle like her spirit possesses it. With all of her efforts, the wovolk was still unable to control the insectular vehicle.
The interior cockpit of the Zandith Crockmior L/X had its own enunamic field of gravitational control. Therefore, any movement experienced by the ship was non-existent to anyone encased within the cockpit.
The Zandith Crockmior entered the great spike of light. At first contact with the light, the Zandith Crockmior L/X, and the two passengers within it, were instantly wrenched into the nebula’s glowing core.
Shot straight through the blue nebula at such a high speed, the great distance covered was almost instantaneous. The Zandith Crockmior L/X had movement and Gastonish regained control. A calm robotic female voice began to speak from within the wasp’s matrix. “TURBULENCE AHEAD,” The monotone synthetic voice warned. “LIGHTNING TO THE NINTH POWER AND POINT FOUR SOLAR HURRICANE STRENGTHS.”
Gastonish had to travel through the eye of the solar electric tornado. Shot out of the nebula from the other side of the spear of light, the Zandith Crockmior L/X drifted free from the twisting funnel of light. Soon, Gastonish realized she had regained control of the Zandith Crockmior L/X.
The spheres of living light that Mulunac had been so infatuated with, began to pass through the hull of the Zandith Crockmior. Countless blue spheres of energy danced around them within the cockpit. They were extremely fast as they swarmed around Mulunac, forsaking Gastonish and the craft. The little lights absorbed into Mulunac’s body until he was so full of them his grey, translucent flesh began to luminate with and inner glow. The other little blue lights that flew about, formed a sphere around Mulunac’s entire body.
“Mulunac, reach out to me!” Gastonish tried to stretch her hand out to Mulunac but the little blue lights of the Galordians were too powerful and held her back. “No!!! Mulunac!!!” Gastonish shouted.
Mulunac became blindingly bright. The energies began to phase Mulunac’s bright body into a ghostly form. The items Mulunac wore fell through his body to the organic padding of the cockpit. In a ghostly fashion, Mulunac was carried right out of the Zandith Crockmior through the hull. It all took place in a flash. 
Gastonish could only look out of the frontal viewer in disbelief of what just happened. Crying out to her husband, Gastonish’s efforts were futile. The residual light that was once Mulunac seemed to slow outside the craft and watch her with burning bright eyes. Lunging forward fiercely, the blue energy orbs took Mulunac away in a fiery trail like a comet. Watching the comet launch into the distance, Gastonish was certain her husband burned up inside it.
Having her soulmate ripped from her hurt like physical pain. Gastonish felt she would bleed the loss of her love for the rest of her life.
Mulunac was gone.
Suddenly alone within the Zandith Crockmior L/X, she felt a chill of seclusion penetrate to her bioluminescent bones.

Chapter 3

DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF HER, Gastonish looked on at the blue swirl where the comet disappeared to. A series of powerful shockwaves were detected. They rippled out toward the Zandith Crockmior from a great explosion that occurred at its nucleus. Whatever was left of Mulunac had surely been obliterated. The shockwaves shuttered the Zandith Crockmior. Gastonish; overwhelmed, surrendered the controls of the craft to her sertz. “Why isn’t this nebula band?! I should’ve received a warning of the dangers here!’
When the Zandith Crockmior L/X was freed from the solar nebula force, she punched the control functions back online. The volks of the 268,648th century were rarely overwhelmed for long. The constitution of a volk was built on logic and survival to muscle their way through the toughest conditions.
Gastonish looked back at Genation. It was an awesome sight. ‘Twin Eddy’s in space.’ she thought. Larger than any known galaxy and far more terrifying, the sight of which Gastonish hoped to never see again in her lifetime. An overwhelming need compelled her to grieve for the loss of her newly wedded husband.
Immediately, her sertz guided the Zandith Crockmior away from the Genation nebula to begin its journey back home to Verticus.
While she traveled, once again multiplying the speed of light, she tried to make sense of what just happened. Feeling fatigued by the demise of her new marital relationship, Gastonish just wanted to concentrate on getting back to Verticus. Throughout her journey, she fought inward feelings that the laws of the universe cheated her.
Slowing, she soon entered her home galaxy. Punching up a virtue image of Verticus on her forearm unit, Gastonish wondered if her equipment was malfunctioning. Different shapes and positions of basic landscape patterns didn’t match her home world. Questioning if she was still on the proper course heading for Verticus, she peered deeper into the image to get a closer look. “Xonox, I need you to check all systems of my instruments.” She spoke to her sertz. “It seems we’ve been directed to the wrong planet.”
“TRUE, THIS IS NOT VERTICUS.” The sertz acknowledged with its feminine voice. “ALL READINGS OF OUR LOCATION MUST BE CALIBRATED.” Xonox’s little vibrational voice sang forth with a hint of a digitized echo.
“With my instruments damaged, I can’t pin-point any of our known planets or stars. I need to call for help and repair what’s damaged. Why’re you not updating me about Verticus?” Gastonish breathed a sigh and gazed out at the yellow sun in thought.
“I HAVEN’T BEEN ABLE TO ESTABLISH CONTACT WITH ANY OF OUR KNOWN SOURCES SINCE WE ARRIVED, ROMLESSA.” The little sertz explained.
“Strange.” Gastonish scratched her head, “We better go down to the planet’s skin and find out what we’ve missed. I’ll have to explain Mulunac’s demise to the thrustle-T. Your version isn’t adequate on its own.” The graphic representation of the Zandith Crockmior passed through the atmosphere of the strange planet and moved like a photon of light. Descending, it travelled low over the surface zooming over a large body of water to the land, the wasp looking craft then crossed the continent from east to west. “Halt!” commanded Gastonish.
The Zandith Crockmior responded by hovering motionless above a small farming community. Its wings buzzed in a blurry, vibrant motion. Within the cockpit Gastonish leaned forward from her shell like chair and crawled over the pillowy, warm organic cushion to get a better look. Staring in wonderment and shock at the unidentifiable cultures below, her eyes grew wide.
A thick green forest grew around the outskirts of a grassy field. Fascinated at the simple sight of cows grazing in the tall grass, Gastonish curiously moved closer to the brilliant red of a barn. A cow mooed loudly, fearing the huge flying insect. Telepathically realizing the creature’s fear, Gastonish steered the vehicle away. The motion and complex agility of the Zandith Crockmior scared the cows off in the other direction. The intrusion was brief before Gastonish plugged her helmet in and took control of the Zandith Crockmior herself. Driving the craft into the sky, she disappeared amongst the clouds.
A couple of children noticed the giant wasp hovering in the air over the vacant farm land in those few seconds, but they weren’t the only witnesses. A nearby air force base also noticed the Zandith Crockmior. Tracking it on their radar screens, they were unsure whether to label it as a potential threat. The Commander immediately deployed an air force squadron to investigate the UFO.

Above the clouds, motionless, hovered the Zandith Crockmior L\X. “Xonox, I cannot identify this world.” Gastonish spoke as she observed the planet’s surface.
“I CANNOT PROVIDE THE ANSWERS YOU SEEK UNTIL WE MAKE CONTACT OF SOME SORT.” stated Xonox. The little mechanism searched its contact capabilities only to find no response to its attempts. Falling back on protocol, Xonox calculated their choices for the situation. 
Caressing her cheek, Gastonish started wondering, “We should be able to track our route to and from the Genation nebula to give us a clearer idea of our location. I can’t depend on the stars when they too seem to be out of order.”
Gastonish picked up Mulunac’s romstrunn which was lying beside her. Opening the device like a book, the romstrunn was a comprehensional data device. It was filled with more information than the accumulation of our total recorded world’s history. The memory of this super computer was multiplied by all of the countless inhabitable planets that are home to intelligent life in the galaxy. Capable of fifth dimensional interactive projections and uncondensed fragmented sound, the romstrunn was a computer unmatched by anything else on earth. It was widely used for brilliant volks to triangulate their genius to solve complex problems.
The sertz flew into the romstrunn to allow for quicker, easier communicational translation. Soon, Gastonish came to the conclusion: “Even with the aid of my sertz, the results are the same. Verticus should be here, but this solar system’s different. Why does everything always have to malfunction at once?”
Behind the Zandith Crockmior three military jets eased up from beneath the clouds about fifty miles away. These three tactical fighter jets were the air force’s F-14D Super Tomcats. They were dispatched to investigate the unidentified aircraft. Upon early detection, Gastonish plugged herself into her controls. The Zandith Crockmior flew into the jet’s flight path. Once in position, Gastonish stopped. Hovering in mid-air, she waited for them, thinking the jets would also stop and give her answers, but they didn’t even slow down. Instead, they rocketed by dangerously close to her craft.
Passing by, the pilots were able to get a real eyeful. Still, it was difficult for them to determine a positive and accurate identification.
Guiding the Zandith Crockmior, Gastonish watched as the jets sped off into the distance. She hadn’t seen the likes of them in all her years. Not intending to give up, she was determined to find answers to explain where she was. Immediately shuttling to a position above the lead F-14D, she lowered the legs of the Zandith Crockmior and took hold of the jet to slow it down. “I’ve never seen such a primitive machine like this before.” The bewildered Gastonish remarked. “Am I the first volk to discover this planet?”
Distracted, the other two jets broke formation. The Wing-Leader contacted his command and hastily informed them of their present situation. “The UFO’s got me! Request engagement!!!” The Wing-Leader’s commanding officer permitted them to engage the UFO with ammunition only. The jets on either side of the Zandith Crockmior opened fire with their 20mm M61A1 Vulcan six-barrel cannons. The pilots were eager to drill the monster insect with their full capacity, 675 rounds of ammunition. Agitated rapid fire sprang forth with bullets the size of large zucchinis capable of piercing the armor of a tank.
A few shots grazed passed the head of the Zandith Crockmior and clipped off one of the antennas. The receptacles relayed the damage to Gastonish as simulated pain. Frustrated, Gastonish stuck the enormous stinger of the Zandith Crockmior into the topside hull of the jet. The stinger, 16 meters long, ripped through the metal housing between the Tomcat’s pair of F110-GE-400 after-burning turbofans and caused an explosion of fire followed with thick black smoke. The cockpit window of the jet burst into the underside of the Zandith Crockmior’s head. Then the pilot ejected with his seat. The thrusters of the ejection seat shot the pilot up and over the giant insect. The Zandith Crockmior released the F-14D and let it plummet to its destruction where it crashed into the forested mountains below.
Outnumbered and out gunned, the Zandith Crockmior was no match against the air force. Gastonish did her best to dodge the shots from an incoming F-14D. Rather than fleeing, Gastonish headed toward the jet then she swooped to the right of it. As the jet passed by, Gastonish stretched out the long legs of the Zandith Crockmior and caught hold of it. The Zandith Crockmior pulled away against the momentum of the jet. Continuing to fight the Tomcat as it pulled this way and that, Gastonish acquired a feel for its thrust.
Meanwhile, the other F-14D Tomcat rolled in from behind and fired upon the Zandith Crockmior. He attempted to wound, what he perceived was a monstrous mud wasp. Doing this, he attempted to remove it from his comrade’s plane. 
Gastonish rolled the Zandith Crockmior forward as the incoming F-14D aircraft opened fire. Forcing the nose of her captive Tomcat down, the Zandith Crockmior rolled up-side-down, all the while holding onto the Tomcat and forcing it into a somersault. Kicking the Tomcat away, the Zandith Crockmior hurtled it into the path of its comrade. The two F-14Ds collided in a violent blaze of fire.
“What planet is this?” Gastonish asked.
“I CANNOT ANSWER YOUR QUESTION UNTIL I HAVE MADE CONTACT WITH HIVE CENTRAL.” answered her little robotic sertz.
She considered leaving the planet, but not without answers. Gastonish was certain a logical explanation was likely over looked and further investigation was required.
As the Zandith Crockmior traveled between two steep Rocky Mountains, it followed a freshwater river to a long waterfall. Halting at the sight of a suspension bridge Gastonish was intrigued by the vehicles and even more so by the people stepping out of them.
The long iron bridge joined a freeway across the deep gorge. All vehicles, commercial and domestic, were clearly distracted at the sight of the hovering Zandith Crockmior. Locking up their breaks and swerving to stop, a few vehicle collisions were unavoidable.
Observing from within the Zandith Crockmior, Gastonish was confused at the sight of the human species. From her bold visage, she stared down at them all. “What’s that? Are they volks? They’re so small.” Gastonish pondered.
Her sertz came back with no reply.
Faced with a great mystery, she attempted to confirm her voyage. Still she couldn’t identify the star system or the galaxy.
The head of the Zandith Crockmior drew closer to the humans so Gastonish could get a better look at them, but they scattered in fear; shouting and screaming. The wings of the insect vehicle thrummed like a low drum roll. The residual wind overturned a small pickup on the bridge.
A new squadron of aircrafts shot past overhead. Gastonish backed the Zandith Crockmior away from the bridge and headed off in the direction of the new air force regiment. Sneaking up on the jet fighters, using the clouds to disguise her, the Zandith Crockmior darted out surprising them. The powerful wings dissipated the clouds swirling them away in vanishing swirls.
At about 15,000 feet above the mountain peaks, Gastonish realized the new squadron of three jets was different from the first. These were A-10 warthogs. When they noticed the Zandith Crockmior bearing down on them, they broke formation and scattered. Two of the jets acted as decoys while the third came around to get the drop on the Zandith Crockmior firing bullets from its GAU-8A gun.
Gastonish suspected such a maneuver. The wings of the Zandith Crockmior began glowing bright as it sped forward. Extending its stinger, it cut the lead Warthog from tail to sternum with one swift stroke. The two TF34-GE-100 engines separated at either side and exploded. The stinger of the Zandith Crockmior couldn’t rip the Warthog completely in half because of its titanium armor installations.
For a moment, the stinger became lodged into the A-10’s hull. Gastonish wrestled with the controls to break free. This gave the other warthogs time to reposition themselves and move in for the kill. The burning A-10 was pulling the Zandith Crockmior down with it, when the other jets opened fire. The stinger, pulled free from the jet, but it was too late.
The bullets tore through the wings and through the synthetic hide of the Zandith Crockmior as though it was made of tissue paper filled with pudding. 
“Xonox, we must abandon this vessel!” Gastonish commanded.
Conducting one last attempt to regain control, time quickly ran out. The A10 Warthogs came about attacking again. Flipping a switch, Gastonish started the larvae cycle. Touching symbols, she engaged a pod to protect the larva in a frozen state then she slipped into the insect vehicle’s throat.
Sliding through the throat of the Zandith Crockmior, Gastonish stopped at the opening of the mouth. Bracing her feet against the maxillae, she hoped the mandibles didn’t open too soon. At the mouth, she activated her suit. This enabled her to float within an invisible radiant gravitational field. Another shot punched through the Zandith Crockmior’s side. As a reflex the Zandith Crockmior coughed, acknowledging the damage. Incidentally, Gastonish was coughed right out of its mouth. She fell from the Zandith Crockmior. 
Multiple gaping bullet wounds riddled the insectular craft. The pilots wondered why it didn’t go down sooner after taking on so much punishment. Frustrated, the attacking pilots showered ammunition at the head-cockpit of the Zandith Crockmior. Bullets also struck the thorax and punched through the exo skeleton of the strange insect craft. In the commotion, Gastonish managed to slip away. The cockpit was shredded. A white fluid spurted rhythmically from its injuries.
The Zandith Crockmior L/X plummeted toward a long wide lake. Diving into a rolling spin leaving a trail of white internal vapors, the fighter jets tried to stay with the threatening craft.
Enabling the power of her suit, Gastonish paused in the air to look back for a moment. Not sure what kind of trouble she was in yet, Gastonish watched.
Horrified, Gastonish watched the damaged Zandith Crockmior spin toward a steep mountain. It skidded down the slope where the wasp-like vehicle slowed. Grinding to a stop upon the abrasive surface of the mountainside, the weight of the insectular unit plowed through the steep terrain. From a distance Gastonish saw the high dust plume as the Zandith Crockmior skidded toward a steep cliff.
Halfway down the mountain, the slope leveled out to a precipice. The craft rolled, shredding its wings. The cliff dropped off straight down to the lake below. The stinger dug into the mountainside, bringing the dusty and torn Zandith Crockmior to a stop. The broken and bleeding head of the monumental craft hung over the edge of the precipice. Anchored by its massive stinger the Zandith Crockmior momentarily kept from falling.
Gastonish was unable to believe what she saw as the vicious jets escorted the Zandith Crockmior down to confirm its doom. When the military jets broke off, they turned to her direction. Snapping around, distracted from watching the destruction of her Zandith Crockmior, she dived to the planet’s surface to search for refuge. Unable to fly away with the limited power of her suit, Gastonish gently landed on the surface of the foreign world. Her suit provided the ability to defy gravity but it wasn’t designed to fly her around.
From the distance, the streaming sounds of jet thrusters approached tearing through the sky. Passing overhead, one pilot made close eye contact with Gastonish. Confirming a humanoid form, the pilot veered hard to his left and rolled around to come back at her again. Returning, it fixed its coordinates on Gastonish’s glowing body. Command communications determined the next course of action.
The two warthogs returned to make a fly-by surveillance run, but the last jet passed by too close to the downed inset craft. In its wake the mountainside was rattled. The thunderous noise of the passing jet’s echoed throughout the valley and started a rock-slide. The ledge began to disintegrate under the Zandith Crockmior then it slipped over the edge and plummeted into the lake. Hissing and bubbling as it sank. The added slide buried the Zandith Crockmior deep under the lake.
Horrified, Gastonish couldn’t keep from gaping in disbelief at her sunken insectular craft. A small mound of rubble protruded from the lake shore, marking the burial site of her technical organic vehicle. Fifteen thousand tons of mountain had dislodged and buried it.
This world wasn’t Gastonish’s home. The inhabitants of this world didn’t welcome her. They wanted to kill her. She wasn’t sure where she was.
An Apache helicopter tracked Gastonish and moved in quickly for a capture or kill operation. Instinctively, Gastonish turned in mid-flight toward the sounds of the AH-64 Apache helicopter’s rotating blades. Reminding Gastonish of a low tech robotic dragonfly, the Apache was a twin engine, four bladed, multi-mission attack helicopter. Four Hellfire missiles and nineteen FFAR Hydra 70mm folding fin aerial rockets hung off each side of it.
The propellers chopped at the air with a violent force. It was anything but friendly in the fearful eyes of the wovolk.
In a panicked rush, Gastonish pulled her disk from her stomach and interchanged its shape. She unfolded it and twisted its parts until it turned into an odd, thinly framed vehicle. With handles to hold and a seat to sit on, two foot pedals folded down. She straddled it like a bicycle that was void of wheels. Sitting on the seat of the wiry frame, she activated a pink energy bubble. When it appeared, it surrounded her completely. The energy bubble flashed into existence with the sound of a digitized hiccup.
Within her new vehicle, the helicopter was unable to hit her with its 30MM M230 automatic chain machinegun much less a missile lock. Opening up with full speed and weapons, the chopper chased Gastonish down the valley. Great explosions erupted and echoed off the stone faces of the mountains.
With no weapons to use in retaliation, Gastonish had no thoughts of attack. Launching forward, she easily outran both the approaching Apache helicopter and the two remaining A-10 Warthogs. Flying low and fast over the land, Gastonish took her energy based vehicle over a small town. For a fraction of a second she was a visitor. Those who noticed her saw nothing more than a pink flash soundlessly streak across the sky.
Darting toward the mountains, Gastonish’s quick perception zeroed in on a secluded open area. Turning in a wide loop through the sky, she descended upon a remote hunter’s cabin. Slowing to the ground, Gastonish keyed her energy bubble off with the digital sound of a ((-hick-oop-)). Gastonish folded her vehicle into its disk form again and re-attached it to her tummy.
Curiously, Gastonish searched the surroundings of the little log cabin. The slightest sound would alert her sensitive senses of any further dangers. 
After finding the area void of life, she sought refuge under the covered front porch. The shutters covering the windows were locked along with the front door. Her sertz examined the doorknob, before it shot small dots of light into the keyhole. Energy crackled over the surface of the brass then the metal disintegrated. When the doorknob fell to pieces, the door loosely opened. Squeaky hinges yawned like a cat then Gastonish proceeded to search the inside of the cabin. She was confident she was alone, until the military aircrafts thundered past and frightened her. Gastonish’s fear crept up on her. Realizing the scope of her problems, she turned to her only friend; her sertz. “Xonox, where do I go from here?” Lost in space and stranded on a hostile, unknown alien world, Gastonish was compelled to take stock of the events that brought her to this lowly place.
In response, her mite sized robot flew out of her ear and hovered before her. “MAJESTY, THIS SITUATION LEAVES YOU WITH VERY FEW OPTIONS. THIS IS NOT VERTICUS AND NEITHER CAN I MAKE CONTACT WITH THE COUNCIL OF WORLDS OR HIVE CENTRAL. WE’RE STRANGERS HERE. I’M AUTHORIZED TO BE THE AUTHORITY OF ACTING THRUSTLE-T.” Spoke the tiny feminine synthesized voice.
“That’s enough for now Xonox, thank you.” Gastonish told her little robot. “My brain hurts and my body is so tired.” She examined her shaky hand. “Am I having a reaction to this world’s environment? I didn’t adapt to this world. Am I going into shock?”
Xonox directed Gastonish to a bed. The bed was made of a wooden log frame with a single mattress on it. The headboard was an intricately woven construct of moose antlers. No sheets covered the bed. A single pillow was placed at the head of the mattress. “YOUR BODY COMPOSITION IS ONLY REACTING TO YOUR EXERTION. SO FAR THERE IS NO REASON FOR YOU TO HAVE TO ADAPT. LAY DOWN, MAJESTY, CONSIDER YOUR UNBORN CHILD. YOU WILL ACHIEVE NOTHING BY OVER WORKING YOUR EMOTIONS. REST NOW. I’LL DO WHAT I CAN TO PROTECT YOU.” Drawing comfort from the familiar and reassuring nurse-like feminine voice of her sertz, Gastonish took a deep breath and relaxed.
Three beams of daylight pierced through the tightly closed shutters. A pink glow from Gastonish’s suit also contributed to the soft lighting of the room. Glancing furtively over the walls of the cabin, Gastonish observed the little bedroom carefully. One picture on the wall was of an elderly man holding up his latest catch; a large fish. Lightly, Gastonish touched the picture, running her fingers over the man’s face. “What kind of alien species is this?” She could relate to the smiling man depicted in the picture. Gastonish took her time studying the photo. It gave her hope that she might find a people of sound mind and reason here. Searching the dresser drawers frantically, she questioned the woven fabrics. At the closet, she pulled out the items of clothing and spread them on the bed. Gastonish’s attention came back to the picture on the wall. Lifting it off the nail, she wrapped her arms around it and held it close to her chest. Making her way to the bed, she lay down, pulling the clothes over herself and letting her head sink restfully into the pillow. “Xonox.” She called.
The sertz was prompt to respond. “YES, ROMLESSA?”
Restfully, Gastonish turned over in the bed and looked up at the ceiling. Lifting the black and white picture over her so she could observe it, Gastonish whispered rapidly. “I’m so tired. If the hostile beings of this world find me; protect me, but remain elusive. I must try to make a peace with the inhabitants of this world if I’m to survive and find a way back home.”
“I AGREE, ROMLESSA, AND I SUGGEST IF THEY DO FIND YOU HERE, YOU REMOVE YOUR SUIT, BOOTS, HELMET AND HICKOOP. HIDE YOUR TECHNOLOGY. INTRODUCE YOURSELF IN NATURAL FORM AS A VOLK, AND DO NOT RESIST CAPTURE. BY WEARING SOME OF THESE CLOTHES OF THIS WORLD YOU MAY BE ACCEPTED INTO THEIR CULTURE.”
Gastonish sat up. “These clothes?” curiously Gastonish lifted a plaid shirt to her cheek and felt the soft material on her skin. She choked back a giggle at the thought of wearing the items of clothing. These were mysterious creatures. Gastonish hit a switch on the pink glowing circuit pattern of her helmet and the circuitry design of her suit peeled and interacted. All of the belongings Gastonish wore came apart and moved together as they interchanged until they took the form of a futuristic baggage case. The floating visor of her helmet became the master lock and Xonox was the only key to unlocking it. Gastonish dressed herself as best as she could from the tight fitting clothes. They didn’t fit her well. She was too tall and muscular. The bony plates of her shoulders and forearms stretched the shirt and pants until the tore at the joints.
Uncomfortable in the constricting clothes, Gastonish believed the disguise was convincing enough to mascaraed as a human. Looking in a mirror, Gastonish examined herself. Holding the black and white picture of the bald hunter next to her face, Gastonish, grey skinned and hairless, like the hunter in the black and white photograph, felt she had what it took to fool the people of the planet.
Together, Gastonish and Xonox thought about a suitable location to hide the suitcase. For fear of being captured, Gastonish remained inside the summer cabin. Xonox made several trips outside to examine their surroundings.
Finding a woodshed, outhouse, storage shed and a deep water supply well, all in close proximity, Gastonish scrupulously planned her next move.
Chapter 4

RICH GOLD COLOURS from the Earthen yellow sun winked out beyond the horizon. When night fell, and the land was in darkness, Gastonish crept out of the cabin with her suitcase. To keep it from glowing she had to wrap it in a blanket.
The volk mind of Gastonish began to pick up an intelligent telepathic transmission. At first, she felt relieved. She thought she was connecting to the intelligence of minds like herself. Running out of the cabin, she looked to the stars for her people, but something wasn’t right. The telepathy began to feel very uncomfortable and alien to her. This was very strange.
When Gastonish decided to return to the hunter’s cabin, she made a detour toward the well. Stumbling and tripping numerous times on rocks and roots protruding from the path, Gastonish cradled her suitcase in her arms. With the pink glowing suitcase wrapped in a blanket, she had tied it tightly together with some twine from the shed.
At the well, Gastonish had to remove a ply wood covering. With access to the mouth of the well, she dropped the package in. There was a delay of five seconds before it finally splashed to the bottom. After carefully replacing the plywood over the opening, Xonox led Gastonish back to the cabin through the darkness with the bright lights of its tiny eyes.
Wearing simple beige shorts and a denim shirt, Gastonish was exposed. She was a volk. She had greyish blue, translucent skin and deep black eyes. Her body was hairless with naturally grown shoulder plates of bone. These plates were also found on her forearms and the tops of her feet. The tendons or metacarpals of Gastonish’s hands were white and raised like they were on top of her skin. Such hands were a symbol of strength and purpose.
Growing hungry and thirsty, Gastonish wasn’t able to identify with any of the cans in the cupboard as a source of food. She ended up going outside to eat leaves and drink water from the lake.
Once again, looking to the night sky, Gastonish saw many brilliant lights flashing and moving about in a zig-zag fashion.
Realizing the dance of lights in the cosmos were not volks, Gastonish became apprehensive. ‘Who are they? My people do not use such erratic flight patterns.’ Whoever navigated the star lit sky had honed in on Gastonish’s transmittable thoughts.
The creatures behind the broadcast dialogue of minds were detestable. Brutishly, they pried into her mind, trespassing and probing to unlock her secrets. Telepathy so extreme, it was too painful and traumatizing for a human. As a level twelve telepath, Gastonish was stronger than the foreign minds attempting to torment her. The lights of alien crafts were seen moving much closer now in the stratosphere. The pilots asked Gastonish, ‘Where did you come from? Open your mind to us so we can communicate with you.’
After closing off the attempts at telepathic probings, Gastonish developed a change of heart. She decided to respond. ‘Come down to me so we can meet.’
Responding to her non-violent beckoning, the lights in the sky immediately descended to the planet’s surface and hovered over the property of the hunter’s cabin. Upon seeing the bright electrical flashes light-up across the craft’s hulls, Gastonish recognized the alien spacecrafts. She shook her head in disbelief. ‘Finally, something I recognize.’
The smooth shiny surfaces that radiated heat were vorogons, but Gastonish had never seen them quite like this before. Likewise, she found, telepathically, the creatures of the disk-shaped crafts didn’t recognize her as a volk. Not even one of them had ever encountered a volk before.
Surprised, Gastonish found one of the creatures from a spacecraft emerge from a bush beside her. Moving with a cautious stance, it reached out to feel her clothes.
The creature was grey in colour from head to toe. Its limbs were thin, like its neck and fingers. It didn’t look like its neck could support its large head. Gastonish thought it was a vornock at first glance, but a closer look revealed it was something else.
Next to the cabin, Gastonish saw one of the spacecrafts land. From a small portal under the craft, a couple more alien creatures came ambling down a ramp with little steps.
Sensing something terrible was about to happen, Gastonish prepared herself. Amping up her power, she looked into the minds of the aliens, and found their thoughts to be less sophisticated than her own. Realizing the creatures were alien to this particular planet, she was introduced to a clear sense of her situation. These creatures were primeval to a volk. With countless worlds in the known galaxy, she believed this must be an unpopular sector.
The aliens, though very logical and curious, believed themselves superior over all other living beings. From eons of observing and collecting information at their discretion, the aliens hadn’t only become arrogant, emotionless and robotic in nature. They weren’t altogether evil or destructive they simply went about doing what they thought necessary for the sake of bettering their own kind. There was no rank among them. As a people of one mind, they all believed themselves to be number one collectively. Because no other creature they encountered could contend with their brilliance, Gastonish was altogether new to them.
The alien nearest to Gastonish, lifted a small object in its thin long fingers. The object looked like a simple rod of metal no more than a foot in length. Quickly, it moved the object to touch it to Gastonish’s head but Gastonish moved so fast, she seemed to be outside of real time. Spinning, she confiscated the object and used it against the alien creature, tapping it to the base of the alien’s skull. The alien’s body stiffened and fell back to the ground with a deathly thud.
The other two aliens ran at Gastonish when she was suddenly engulfed in light. From a low overhead spacecraft, the light seemed to be composed of matter the way it held Gastonish. Unable to fight it, Gastonish became concerned for her pregnancy. She needed to resolve the situation immediately.
‘Xonox, as thrustle-T, you’re under obligation to protect me!’ Gastonish spoke to her sertz telepathically. Instantly, her tiny robotic guardian flew out from her ear and shot tiny coloured beads of photons at the source device that was emitting the beam that held her.
The source device underwent considerable damage. Sparks exploded from it as the light of matter went out. Free from the light, Gastonish fell to the ground and landed on her feet.
Projecting a telepathic experience into the alien’s minds, Xonox overwhelmed them with a convincing emotion of intimidation, dominance and anger at a level the aliens had never experienced before. Such fear shocked the aliens.
With this, they received a message; ‘Stay away from earth or your minds will be wiped clean throughout the galaxies.’
While distracted, Gastonish looked into the thoughts of the little grey creatures and became aware of a danger soon to unfold. The aliens planned to attack her.
She waited to be sure the aliens obeyed her. Peering deep into space she wondered if any volks were out there and if they could sense her.
The disk shaped spacecrafts began moving away to escape Gastonish, but one of them circled back to her. In a moment of blinding light and heat, they blasted Gastonish with a searing heat ray. Diving into the lake, it was too late for her.
The aliens left the planet earth and returned to their home world with the memory of the message which they would communicate to their kind. The aliens deliberated on this message, but they also obeyed it as long as Gastonish’s telepathic mind could be sensed there.
Severely burning over her entire body, Gastonish fought both physically and telepathically, before she rose out of the lake.
Breathing was all she wanted to do. Her lungs had been so damaged from the heat ray, every breath threatened her life and the life of her unborn child.
With her body limply splayed out on the shore of the lake, pain became a new world for her to explore. Daring not to move, she could hear the sound of distant helicopter blades approaching. Straining her eyes, she saw the helicopter’s blinking lights in the distance.
Though her body protested every thought of movement, she crawled with the intent to hide in a bush near the wood shed. The AH-64 Apache military helicopter rose over the trees from a nearby hillside and hovered over Gastonish. Clearly, they tracked her due to all of the UFO activity. The search light blinded her eyes and lit up her surroundings.

Movement of busy living shadows, were hard to see with her blurry vision. Gastonish couldn’t decipher between what was real and what was not. The shadows were beings; but they were not volks. The dream became reality, but not a reality Gastonish was familiar with. The beings moved back and forth as though confused and panicking. Searching the minds of the beings surrounding her, Gastonish couldn’t find evil or malice in them. These creatures, she found, wanted to help her. Though the creatures were easily moved to violence through fear, they preferred peace so Gastonish didn’t react violently toward them.
Strong bonds restrained her limbs to a bed and needle like devices endlessly poked her body. The endless probing was painful, but not nearly as painful as her burns. Bright lights flashed in the tight room. Some penetrating lights would flash directly into Gastonish’s eyes causing flash backs of her life. Flash backs of her husband’s death. A speech was exchanged between the beings but Gastonish couldn’t understand their words. This made little difference because she telepathically knew their thoughts. She was only awake for a few minutes before a wave of pain rolled over her. Helplessly falling, enslaved to the consequences of her nightmare, her sertz helped her to sleep.

Fuzzy headed, Gastonish wasn’t sure how much time eluded her. Lifting her head, she was surprised how stiff and sore she was. When she looked around the room, her sight focused, the bright hazy room began to take shape. Gastonish’s chest and throat felt like they had been shredded. Realizing she was alone, Gastonish wanted to touch her face, but her ankles and wrists were still strapped to the bed bars with leather bindings. A sudden sense of captivity shivered through her body. Fully awake and alert now, her entire body was numb, cocooned in bandages and itchy. Her throat was dry and sore from the oxygen supply tubes.
Within her mind, Gastonish called out to her sertz ‘Xonox!’
“I AM HERE, ROMULAW, ANCHORED TO YOUR MIND. NO ONE HAS DISCOVERED ME YET, BUT I AM CHALLENGED TO REMAIN ELUSIVE WHEN THEY KEEP ON COVERING YOUR EARS WITH BANDAGES. AT FIRST I WAS CONSTANTLY ON THE MOVE TRYING TO SABOTAGE THESE BEING’S STRANGE EQUIPMENT. NOW, I REALIZE THEY SINCERELY WANT TO HELP YOU TO RECOVER AND STAY STRONG. I’VE BEEN WORKING YOUR NEURAL SYSTEMS TO HELP YOUR BODY ADAPT TO THEIR METHODS AND HEAL FASTER.” The little synthetic robot paused as it was alerted to its proximity warning. “SOMEONE APPROACHES, MAJESTY, I MUST LEAVE HERE NOW AND KEEP FROM BEING DISCOVERED.” Exiting the ear and burning through the bandages, Xonox sped away toward the ceiling in a twisted, fluent flight. Again, Xonox virtually disappeared.
A group of six men entered the room wearing white full body protective suits and heavy black rubber gloves. They appeared to be ready to handle something radioactive. Xonox flew outside the window when one person immediately began to monitor Gastonish’s body with a Geiger counter. Others stood around her awaiting the results. Another of the men bent over her face saying, “She’s awake! You think we should continue, Dr. Grant?” The voice jerked her out of her dreamy thoughts. It sounded echoey like the voices were being spoken into buckets.
“We’re here to do a job, aren’t we? Of course we will continue.” replied the muffled voice of Dr. Grant. His eyes were cold, hard and indifferent.
“But don’t you think we’ll have a problem if she sees herself in the mirror after we’ve taken her bandages off? I mean, there’s no telling what she may be capable of.”
“We’ll deal with that if we have to, but I don’t think it matters if we get a reaction out of her now or later, do you? Either way, it’ll be the same reaction. Besides, she’s weak. I don’t want to see her upset when she’s strong. What’s the Geiger reading?”
Examining the reading from the device, the report came from the assistant, “We’re at safe levels of radiation here, sir.”
“But sir, perhaps we should cut the bandages off while she’s tied up anyway.” The doctor gestured with one hand. He casted a beseeching look.
With respect, Dr. Grant could see the skeptical cleverness of his companion, “All right, Dr. Vonn, we’ll do it your way. Let’s get busy men.” At the word, everyone went straight to work with renewed vigor.
They cut the bandages off slowly... Too slowly. After questioning the burned hole through the bandages by her ear, they moved on. The sound the scissors made as they cut through the bandages was almost enough to drive Gastonish mad. ((-Scrunch - scrunch - scrunch!-)) Gastonish watched what was happening from the mirror at the far end of the wall. Expecting to be horrified, she gazed at what was revealed as the last of her dressings were removed to be replaced with fresh ones. The nurse stepped out of her way and Gastonish took a good long look.
The piercing look on her face caused the doctors to pause with caution and take a step back.
Envisaging skin blisters, Gastonish was surprised not to find many blemishes. Her flesh had been scorched and melted with much of it missing all together. Still, she was surprised to see her skin closer to the colour of an average human’s. Gastonish’s hands didn’t have the metacarpals raised from the surface and her muscles were substantially smaller. Where Gastonish used to have hard plates on her shoulders, forearms, and feet, she found nothing more than scares, but jagged remains of the bone plates remained exposed through the surface of her skin. They were bioluminescent so the way they refracted the light was quite beautiful, like a type of fiber optic.
Her ears had been completely burned off. Her fingernails were blackened or missing. Her entire gum line was still full of molar size teeth as before, and her strong skeletal frame also remained original with long limbs, fingers and neck.
Gastonish didn’t know how to interpret any of it. Was it a dream? A joke? Perhaps her body was adapting to this strange planet. The creatures of this world had physical structures like volks, and if they were burned like she was, they’d appear quite similar. Gastonish wondered if the creatures of this new world thought she was one of them. She had no doubts, her appearance was hideous and she’d have to remain so until she found a way home to her own kind. Rather than crying out savagely, Gastonish lowered her head sadly. Her new skin felt like it was igniting on fire as it made contact with the air.
The men in white suites busily poked and prodded her body again. They checked her eyes, mouth, nose and what was left of her ears. Gastonish was relieved Xonox had the good sense to get out. After checking her blood and temperature they left her to chat amongst themselves.
Shortly thereafter, a nurse entered the room. Gastonish observed the aid worker who held a tray. “Is this a bad time for me to try feeding her?” asked Nurse Sophia compassionately. “It’d be a good idea to get her started on eating whole foods again. I’ve brought something simple to start with, apple sauce and ice cream.”
With blond locks of hair and thin gold rimmed glasses, Nurse Sophia was very beautiful. When she spoke, her soft pink lipstick became the focal point. The second thing the doctors noticed was a beauty mark on her long slender neck.
“No, it should be all right. We’re finished here, but we’ll stick around to observe her progress and monitor any changes.” answered one of the men in white. Nurse Sophia nodded and approached Gastonish with the tray of clean dressings and a small dish of apple sauce. Gastonish lifted her sad eyes to Nurse Sophia and asked, in a raspy voice, “W-w-what is this place?”
Nurse Sophia cut in, “Hold on. We have lots of time to talk. We’re sure happy you’re awake. Now, why don’t we take it real slow? I’ll just take this intravenous out and start you on some ice cream. It should go down easy.” With a snap of her wrist, Nurse Sophia pulled the thin tube of intravenous from Gastonish’s arm. Gastonish flinched and gasped in surprise. She would’ve responded with a sharper reaction, but her body was drained physically and emotionally.
“Sorry about that, but if I warned you, it may have been uncomfortable. You’ve surprised me. I wasn’t expecting you to be in such a good mood. If you keep your spirits high, everything else will be a breeze. Now, I’m going to leave for a moment and return with Doctor Vonn and his associates. You’ll like him he’s very popular around here. In the meantime, try to eat some ice cream.” With a cautious eye, Nurse Sophia unlocked and unstrapped one of the bindings holding Gastonish’s right arm before the nurse hustled out the door.
Gastonish distracted herself by telepathically examining the thoughts of the doctors and nurses.
The room was cluttered full of mechanical equipment which made little beeps, chirps and hums. She looked down at the bed tray that lay across her stomach. Squinting her eyes to see, Gastonish looked at the dish of apple sauce and ice cream and beside it was a spoon. Using telepathy, she quickly figured out how to work the spoon from the nurse.
A human, dressed in a white lab coat, entered the room and eagerly pulled up a chair to Gastonish’s bed. Gastonish heard the sound of a plastic box being placed on a nearby counter. Unable to turn her head with new bandages being applied to her skin, she noticed their concern for her breathing difficulties.
“Hello there, my name is Doctor Nicolas Grant. I’ve been waiting impatiently for you to wake up so I could finally meet you.” The Doctor’s introduction was polite, but still very foreign to Gastonish. Dr. Grant was a heavy set, short man with a round face. His hair was grey and cut short except the crown of his head where it was missing. From Dr. Grant’s sharp, bushy, triangular eyebrows, and the lines of his forehead, he projected an air of expertise in his field. Gastonish would’ve laughed if she didn’t hurt so bad. “With me is a colleague of mine. His name is Dr. Vonn.”
With silver, wavy, short hair upon his long thin head, Dr. Vonn wore a lab coat which was obviously a couple sizes too small. He had heavy bags under his eyes. Lines of experience distinguished his character of a cool and collect man. He kept a stethoscope slung loosely over his left shoulder.
“Are you… going to hurt me?” Even though it hurt her to talk, Gastonish felt she had to ask. They noticed an all knowing gaze in her deep black eyes.
Surprised by Gastonish’s response, Dr. Vonn sat back in his chair and looked up at the ceiling with relief. “Wow! You speak and quite well in fact.”
Looking back at Gastonish, Dr. Grant stroked the whiskers of his chin before he continued. “Of course we won’t hurt you, we only want to help you and understand you.” answered the doctor, cocking one eyebrow with inherent question.
“I have not encountered a being like you before… What are you?” Gastonish replied as she gazed off out the window like she was looking far off to a distance.
“Well, who is examining who here?” Dr. Vonn smiled, intrigued. “Tell me, if you’re not from around here, how is it you know how to communicate in our language?” Dr. Vonn’s speculation spread to the others like a disease until Gastonish entered their minds telepathically.
‘This is how I know what I know…’

Chapter 5

UPON HEARING GASTONISH’S VOICE in their heads, everyone in the room stood up alert and surprised. Once Gastonish had shared a small example of her telepathic ability with everyone in the room, everything changed in an instant. Dealing with a telepath meant they were no longer in charge. Anything they thought about could betray them and there was no telling what Gastonish was capable of once she gained access to a human mind.
When Gastonish realized the anxieties and fears of the humans, she quickly tried to calm them. The doctors looked at each other and tried to determine if the patient was telling them the truth or if she was playing them for fools.
“I want to get to know you and I think you want to get to know me, so let’s start with your name. Do you have a name?”
“My stomach… Sore…”
“Nurse Sophia, please help the patient to the bathroom while we discuss this.” Dr. Grant instructed.
After loosening the bindings, Nurse Sophia walked around Gastonish’s bed to assist her. Gastonish tried to move with the nurse’s help. She felt an additional weight gain in her mid-section.
“Why do I feel so heavy? What happened to my stomach? What did you do to me!!!” Gastonish asked dryly with one hand supporting her weight as her other hand draped gently over her large belly. Her tone was brash.
Clearing his throat, Dr. Vonn responded nervously. “It was nothing we did to you mam, I assure you.”
You’re at the end of the final trimester of your pregnancy.” answered Nurse Sophia with a heartfelt tone.
“Pregnancy?” Gastonish repeated in suspense. ‘Of course.’ She squirmed as she remembered. Mulunac and her were proud expectant parents. They thought they had all the time in the galaxy to get used to the idea of being parents, but now she was at the final trimester and the baby would be born soon... Too soon... ‘Where did the time go?’
“Yes, you came to us pregnant.” Nurse Sophia told her as she secured a new hold under Gastonish’s arms to help her out of the bed. With her enormous stomach, Gastonish found she was even larger than most pregnant wovolks she’d known. Generally, wovolks were larger than a human pregnant woman would be, but Gastonish found she was almost twice as large. “We’ve been taking good care of you; monitoring your health along with the health of your two babies.” Nurse Sophia continued. “We did this in conjunction with your recovery. We’ve overcome impossible odds. Much has been spent to ensure your survival.” Gastonish strained to sit upright as Nurse Sophia assisted her. “At this point we believe we’ve beaten all the possible threats which may‘ve been dangerous to you and your babies. Your chances of survival from here are very good. You’ll be just fine.” explained the warm and caring Nurse.
“Babies?” Gastonish questioned, wincing and shaking her head with disbelief.
“Yes, you’re pregnant with twins.” Nurse Sophia told her with a great deal of certainty.
Gastonish placed her bare feet on the cold floor and the weight of her stomach pulled her forward. Trying to stand, her legs were very weak. With the assistance of the nurse they walked slowly, taking very small steps. For Gastonish, it was like she had to learn how to walk all over again. Nurse Sophia quickly slid a metal support frame in front of Gastonish and she used the walker to keep from falling. With small shuffling movements, Gastonish waddled her way toward the bathroom. When they entered the bathroom, Gastonish couldn’t understand the function of the facilities.
“May I be alone for a moment?” Gastonish pleaded nervously.
“I don’t think that would be a good idea. You can hardly stand on your own.” implored the Nurse with sound advice.
Gastonish concentrated on her strength and balance before she shoved Nurse Sophia away from her. “I’ll be just fine.” Gastonish insisted as she wobbled a little. With concentration in her eyes, she managed to stand free of any support.
Nurse Sophia stared at Gastonish skeptically, before giving in and leaving the bathroom, but the nurse didn’t close the door completely.
Gastonish settled herself down. Managing to open the window to take a breath of fresh air, she found the smell of medicine and sicknesses getting to her. Before long, Xonox came to Gastonish through the window and entered her ear.

Looking down at her pregnant belly, Gastonish couldn’t help wondering what her children were going to look like, or how long it was going to take until she gave birth to them. She could go into labor any moment.
Security of the premises was beefed-up and they draped a large black cloak over Gastonish with a hood big enough to shroud her head.
Gastonish felt the breeze on her new transplanted human skin as she enjoyed the sights of the sunny day. Her lungs had almost completely healed, she took in as much fresh air as she could and relaxed in the sounds of birds chirping in the trees. As Nurse Sophia pushed Gastonish’s wheelchair through the park, Gastonish asked the nurse a question which was weighing heavily on her mind. “What is this planet’s name?”
Nurse Sophia was surprised for a moment but she answered, “This is Earth, of course. Is there something on your mind?”
“Oh, no. It’s just, this world is so different from mine.”
“What is your world like?” Sophia asked as she quickly adjusted a small microphone.
“My world is vastly different from the plant-life to the wild-life I see here.”
They strolled down the narrow path when Gastonish was interrupted. She felt a strange pushing in her lower abdomen. Shortly, a sharp pain occurred low in her stomach. Nurse Sophia stopped the wheelchair locking the wheels. Examining Gastonish’s pregnant belly, Nurse Sophia discovered Gastonish’s pain was a strong contraction. Without panicking, the nurse unlocked the wheelchair and headed back to the hospital.
“I’m ready to birth my babies!!!” shouted Gastonish painfully. The second contraction came just one minute after the first. Nurse Sophia wasn’t the only one convinced Gastonish was having false labor pains. Still, the nurse was instructed to report any changes, immediately. Though Nurse Sophia couldn’t believe true labor pains could start so quickly, she wasn’t authorized to make such presumptions. Gastonish’s presence alone put the medical staff on edge and her distress quickly stirred everyone into a panic.
Within the main doors, Nurse Sophia grabbed the nearest phone and paged Dr. Grant, “Doctor? This is Nurse Sophia. Patient-X has just started her contractions and they’re a minute apart!”
“What?! That’s impossible! Take her back to her room. Hook her up to the monitors. I’m scrubbing up and will be there shortly.” The doctor considered the possibilities. Gastonish wasn’t human. Who knew what to expect from this alien creature. Dr. Grant was determined to be one of the first people to witness a birth from this new species. He quickly called his two closest assistants, Dr. Vonn and Dr. McNeil with an update.
A few minutes passed before Dr. Grant met with Gastonish in her medical room. Doctors and nurses franticly set up equipment needed for the delivery. Nurse Sophia was in a tangle of electrodes and wires when she noticed Dr. Vonn arrive. “Oh, Doctor! I’m glad you’re here! I was just going to get you. Patient-X is having some strange symptoms!”
For reasons entirely nebulous to him, Dr. Vonn couldn’t understand the scene he was looking at, “Why is this patient on the floor?!” His striking eyes of scrutiny seemed to demand prompt answers in an emergency situation. When they weren’t delivered, he projected his frustration. His stare alone made people feel two inches tall.
“Sh-she’s hot. We had to remove her from the bed.” replied Nurse Sophia with a shaky hand waving some of her sweaty hair from her face.
“Since when did this sort of patient care become common practice?” Dr. Vonn wiped the sweat from his frustrated brow when he noticed the room was uncomfortably warm. Dr. Vonn locked his gaze with Dr. Grant for a moment.
Dr. Grant was less than professional; he sat, slouched in a chair at a distance from Gastonish because the heat coming from her was uncomfortably hot. Not being able to predict what might happen next, the situation left them without a sense of control. Dr. Grant was overwhelmed.
Nurse Sophia continued to explain the situation to Dr. Vonn, “Gastonish is hot! I-I mean too hot to even touch, Doctor. She’s emitting waves of radiation. According to patient-X this was to be expected. She called it natural bio body heat. I don’t know… We were worried about the possibility. If her temperature continued to rise, the sheets might begin to combust. This’s why she’s on the floor, sir.” the nurse answered in short breaths of panic. It was clear the doctors could barely reach the bandages through the distorted waves of heat emanating from Gastonish. “And the babies?! What can we do?” Nurse Sophia was sweating from head to toe. Her hair dangled in loose strands from her tightly tied bun.
Dr. Vonn approached Gastonish. He could not believe the level of heat radiating from her pregnant body. With Gastonish’s flesh beginning to emit light, Dr. Vonn tried to get as close as he could. “It’s not easy to say for sure but I think the light is coming from her bones.” Her plastic identification bracelets melted away in a wisp of smoke.
Everyone in the room took notice of the hot pink glow from Gastonish’s pregnant belly. They figured she was going to either explode or give birth to red hot lumps of lava. Dr. Vonn realized it wasn’t Gastonish’s skin that was glowing or her bones but it was her unborn twins.
Dr. Vonn jumped back to the window and gasped for some cool air. His face was red as though sun burnt. “Get the fire hoses in here immediately! We’ve got to dowse her. Hopefully, we can stop the burning.” Dr. Vonn left the room assisting the weakened Dr. Grant.
The doctors organized themselves to work quickly near the heat of Gastonish. Unraveling the fire hose they began to spray her. The automated fire sprinklers kicked in along with the fire alarm. The building’s occupants began evacuating. Steam hissed in great bellowing clouds when the cold water made contact with Gastonish. She screamed from her relentless pain. She was unable to feel any comfort or discomfort from the water.
Dr. Grant and Dr. Vonn returned to the room dressed in full radiation suits. Dr. Grant held a radiation meter in his hand and approached Gastonish while Dr. Vonn inched the fire hose closer holding the water pressure on her. The large bulge of Gastonish’s pregnant belly was both the source of light and heat. Dr. Grant found the meter readings had quickly jumped into the red.
“Could that glow be some sort of bio-luminescence?” asked Dr. Vonn inquisitively, as most of the water spray evaporated before reaching Gastonish.
“Gastonish is radiating too much heat!” Nurse Sophia replied breathlessly as though about to feint.
“And what’s that smell? Where’s it coming from?” More questions came from the doctors, nurses and scientists.
“It’s coming from her!” voices rose sharply. The smell they referred to was a unique trait to volk body odors. This odor was a capable sterilizing gas to protect from air-born infectious diseases. The odor went out ahead of the body as a form of a volk’s immunity protection. It was natural for the odour to grow stronger during the time of birth.
When Dr. McNeil came through the door Gastonish looked up at him and screamed in agony. The heat and energy within the room almost knocked Dr. McNeil right back out.
A bright light appeared from between Gastonish’s legs.
Dr. Grant tossed his radiation meter aside and went to Gastonish in some sort of attempt to help her. Turning to Dr. Vonn sharply, he shouted, “Shut off the damn water!”
Dr. McNeil spun the valve cutting off the water pressure.
Nurse Sophia warned. “Doctor Grant, get out of there! Something’s coming out!!!”
Gastonish pushed with all of her strength and out came a white glowing soft shelled egg. The surface of the egg was not only smooth and glossy, but somehow metallic. An organic twisty umbilical cord was attached to the mystifying egg. On the floor in a pool of steamy water, Gastonish went limp. Her frail Volk body was barely strong enough to cope with the strain of the birth. Dr. Grant realized the expelled heat and radiation began to drop rapidly. He approached the egg lying on the floor between Gastonish’s legs when another heatwave came from Gastonish and knocked the doctor back. Light came from Gastonish again as a second egg followed the first.
Doctor Grant gently placed one hand on the first egg and looked at Gastonish. “I won’t do anything to harm them.” he reassured her.
Gastonish said nothing and barely acknowledged his existence. The light and heat quickly subsided after the birth. Gastonish, weak and breathless, could do nothing.
‘Perhaps she will die now.’ Dr. Grant wondered, before he called for some wash tubs, clamps and scissors. 
Before the items arrived, Dr. Grant calibrated his radiation meter to read the new levels. Finding low signals, the doctor removed his protective helmet. Setting up soaking wet pillows for Gastonish’s comfort, Dr. Grant proceeded to clamp her umbilical cords in two places. Dr. Vonn cut the cords between the clamps while Dr. McNeil prepared luke warm water in two large tubs.
When the Doctors gently placed the eggs into the tubs, they began to cool and lost their glow entirely. Dr. Grant, Dr. Vonn and Dr. McNeil were uneasy about handling the eggs so they worked together. After washing them with water they took them to Gastonish. She was still on the floor. Placing the two eggs beside Gastonish, the three doctors sat with the new mother for a moment. No one minded the wet floor. Turning her head to the flimsy metallic shelled eggs, Gastonish lifted her hand and gently touched one of the eggs.
Strength was quickly returning to Gastonish but Dr. Vonn still noticed her short raspy breaths and sunken eyes of dehydration. “Nurse Sophia!” Dr. Vonn called out. “Bring this patient a cup of water and some crushed ice.”
Nurse Sophia turned swiftly and headed off for water and ice. The other surrounding doctors and nurses didn’t know where to begin their analogy of the situation. Likely, they all needed treatments for their own shock.
One nearby doctor asked, “What’s in the eggs?” the soft shell of one of the eggs moved.
Another spoke. “Perhaps we should be prepared to defend ourselves. Who knows what might come out and how it’ll feed.”
Gastonish was shocked. “N-no! It’s only your fear speaking. These are my babies, not some wild animal! You dare harm them!” she spoke with a dry, gnarly voice of exasperation. “Get away from them! I won’t let you touch them with your dirty, wicked hands!”
“Please calm down.” Dr. Grant had to become a convincing actor to prove to Gastonish he didn’t fear her, but inside he felt an arquillian new species of panic writhe in the pit of his stomach. 
“You men at the door, I want you to leave immediately! We won’t give into any further speculations of fear. This’s a new experience for all of us.” Dr. Vonn gave them the stare. The crowd of doctors and nurses moved out of the room, but they continued to watch from the open door because nothing could quench their curiosity.
Dr. Grant turned back to face Gastonish. “I’m sorry for their comments. They’re just frightened, that’s all. No one here has seen such an unusual birth before... Er, were these unusual births to you?” Dr. Grant asked as delicately as he could.
“Unusual? I don’t understand.” to Gastonish the question was so odd. ‘What other kind of birthing process could there be?’
“Yes, have you ever seen anything like that before?” The Doctor pursued. Nurse Sophia returned with a paper cup of water. She approached Gastonish cautiously and held out the cup for Gastonish to take it. Gastonish didn’t respond. When the nurse’s hand began to tremble, Dr. Grant took the cup from her and held it to Gastonish’s lips. Sipping at first, soon Gastonish began to take deep gulps until the cup was empty.
In silence, Gastonish looked at the Doctor with worrisome eyes. “What’ll happen to my babies? Please don’t take them away.” From a hopeless moment of despair, Gastonish wept.
“No harm will come to these... Um... these, well at the moment what we have here are eggs.” observed Dr. Grant. These eggs were like nothing recorded in history. “How long will it be before they hatch?”
Reaching forward, Gastonish tore open one of the organic egg-sacks. A clear gel-like liquid poured out. Gastonish reached in and pulled out a volk baby who wasn’t any larger than a newborn human. The body, curled up like a ball, was translucent like its body was seen through the lens of an X-ray. “No!” Gastonish exclaimed. She examined her baby then she held it close and patted its little back. “This’s not right…”
“What! What’s not right?” Dr. Grant could hardly speak fast enough, waving desperately for the others to come back into the room. The doctors and nurses hurried about in preparation for an emergency.
“Too small…” Gastonish said. “The baby is too small and it hasn’t taken its first breath.”
“Let me have him.” Dr. Grant said enigmatically. Moved his arms in and around the baby he lifted it from its mother. Gastonish wanted to resist Dr. Grant for a moment. Their tense eyes locked and Gastonish was about to use her unique ability of persuasion when Dr. Vonn intervened. Catching Dr. Vonn’s gaze, Gastonish saw something genuinely honest in this doctor’s eyes. A brief moment later, Gastonish let the baby go and it was carried over to a sterilized fabric covered table.
“Check pulse and prepare for CPR.” They tried all they could to save the baby but it was no use. 
One of the other doctors examined the baby and said, “It’s been dead for a few minutes now, sir.”
Gastonish felt like her heart fell out of her chest. She snapped out of her grief quickly when Dr. Grant came near to Gastonish’s bed and scooped the second egg away from her.
Looking into Dr. Grant’s mind, Gastonish uncovered a well concealed plan of trickery. When she found, Dr. Nicolas Grant had plans to take her babies from her and turn them into weapons, she was angered, “No you don’t!” Gastonish said as she leaned forward to rise off the floor. Doctors ran at Gastonish to hold her down, but she was too powerful. They grabbed her shoulders and were carried with her as she arose. As Gastonish levitated, the room began to flood with her overwhelming presence of power.
With her telepathic influence, Gastonish took control of everyone in the room. First, she caused everyone to freeze in place.
Under Gastonish’s control, Dr. Grant gently set the egg on the floor at his feet. Empty handed, he stood up and turned to Gastonish. Shaking, he was petrified with fear. Blood trickled from his nose. Dr. Grant’s terror was depicted in the intensity of his eyes.
All of the doctors and nurses were forcefully pushed to the wet floor as a great invisible weight pressed down on them.
Dr. Nicolas Grant, founder and president of Knolix projects, had been granted first-hand executive stewardship over the appropriation of extra-terrestrial life. Doing his best to follow orders, from the secretary of defense, he found himself in a powerless situation.
Lifting Dr. Grant’s body off the floor, Gastonish uncomfortably seized him. Panic gleamed in his eyes as the signature of fear shone from his face. Next, Gastonish went for the kill as she used her telepathic skill to frighten him so completely, his heart stopped beating altogether.
When the lifeless body of Dr. Grant clattered to the floor, Gastonish conducted a meeting of open telepathy with the other doctors and nurses who were still pressed to the floor.
‘Does anyone else wish to meet with the same demise as the late Dr. Grant?’ Gastonish asked emphatically with the disclosure of how easy it was for her to take a life with a nothing more than a mere thought.
The doctors and nurses weren’t only too scared to answer they had no practice at answering questions telepathically. Everyone screamed within their terrorized minds.
‘I will accommodate a quick death for any of you right this instant. All you have to do is share thoughts of bringing harm to a child of mine. So choose your next thought carefully. Do you want to hurt my babies?’ Gastonish read to the thoughts of the doctors and nurses. 
Dr. Vonn began to communicate, ‘Please, you’re making a mistake here. No one wants to bring harm to you or your offspring.’
‘Listen to him, he’s right!’ Dr. McNeil added in support of the situation.
‘I don’t believe you. Your people are unpredictable in the ways of truth. How can I be certain my babies will be protected? Do I need to destroy all human life on this planet to ensure our safety and survival?’ asked Gastonish with the most convincing dire threat.
‘You are powerful!’ Dr. Vonn told Gastonish, ‘We value not only our own lives, but the lives of everyone throughout the world. We will do whatever it takes to protect ourselves and if that means protecting you and your offspring, then that’s what we will do!’
‘Besides,’ the mind of Dr. McNeil added. ‘We also value the lives of your kind. We don’t wish to harm you. We only wish to understand you better so we can one day co-exist in peace.’
Dr. Vonn contributed next, ‘Let us agree from this moment, in the name of peace, you and your kind will never use your abilities to harm a human again, just as none of us will harm you or your kind in the future. Do you agree?’
Peering into each set of eyes, Gastonish processed this idea for an extra second or two before answering, ‘Agreed.’ because Gastonish found sincerity in the doctors, she concurred, but she was prepared to disappear from the sight of humans until she was strong. Then Gastonish would’ve administered her wrath upon the humans of this world.
The force holding the doctors and nurses to the floor vanished and everyone stood up cautiously. Dr. Vonn was the first to figure out Gastonish was using her telepathic powers to persuade everyone that they were being held down to the floor.
While Dr. Vonn was making preparations to have the living volk baby cleaned up and delivered to the mother, Dr. McNeil was busy making preparations to have the body of Dr. Grant laid to rest. Dr. Vonn didn’t take the egg out of the room rather he simply placed it onto another portable table and used a sharp surgical tool to carefully cut the egg open.
Chapter 6

I WAS CARRIED INTO THE LIGHT where everyone saw me for the first time. The doctors and nurses crept closer for a better look. They could practically see right through me. All of my parts were right where they were supposed to be, but it was my skin; the muscles and the bones, they were translucent. Everything was exposed, even my brain, body organs and my rapidly beating heart.

A secret meeting took place, a very important meeting, where Dr. Vonn and Dr. McNeil were appointed powers from both the president of the United States and the secretary of defense. Dr. Vonn inherited the title of president over all Knolix projects and Dr. McNeil was granted the title of vice president. Between the two of them, they were to share the responsibility of firsthand executive stewardship over appropriated extra-terrestrial life.
Dr. Vonn did all he could to keep his mind on his job and not let the death of his mentor affect any bias decisions he’d have to make.
I was cleaned up quickly.
Dr. Vonn wrapped me in a soft baby blanket and placed me on my mother’s chest with kindness and care. Other doctors released Gastonish’s straps so she could hold me. 
Gastonish, my mother, held me close to her chest by my ankles as she rubbed my back forcing clear liquid gel out of my lungs. After I took my first breath and coughed, I reportedly didn’t cry.
Dr. Vonn’s eyes became glossy. He was relieved that I survived. He examined me with a look of wonderment.
They were all looking at me, studying me up and down, but mostly the people seemed fascinated by my eyes. I made connections with each one in my mind and learned a lot. It was like each person in the room had a photo album of their lives and I quickly flipped through their histories. For the people I connected with, they too saw images of their own past.
While the two babies were being measured for size and weight, a photographer entered the room. He tried to take a step up close and slipped a little on the wet floor when he first saw the babies and mother. An obvious subconscious battle within the photographer didn’t permit him to get any closer than five feet. He relied on his zoom lens to capture the close-ups.
Baby-blue lumps slowly took shape on my shoulders, forearms and feet. The same lumps were also found, quite smaller, on each of the white metacarpals of my hands and the metatarsals of my feet. My fingernails didn’t cover only the top of my fingertips but the entire fingertips and the same went for my toes.
The doctors studied my feet. They found they looked much like any human’s feet do except for how the toes could move like hands to clasp objects. My big toes were articulate enough to move around and perform like a thumb. My volk eyes were an opaque glossy black, but the most unique trait was how defined and muscular my body was in comparison to common human babies.

After isolating and analyzing my DNA, Dr. Vonn watched as each of the top technicians were fired one by one when they reported traces of insect in the adherent molecules. Such a suggestion was considered impossible. It was believed insects were indigenous to earth alone, so a being from another world would have nothing of similar earthen origins or nature, but after nine technicians had lost their jobs in a row for having the same findings, the top leaders of the project began to soften and consider the possibility.

Gastonish held me to the sensitive flesh of her breast. Instinctively, I latched on and began feeding. The miraculous bond between a mother and her child had begun. She looked down at me and I returned her gaze. We then connected telepathically in a way no human could comprehend. Locked in a world that we perceived as only us, we learned the deeper aspects of each other.
Immediately, the doctor demanded a full examination of me; the living baby. He was very forthright about the record of size, weight and time, etc. However, Gastonish refused to allow anyone to handle me but herself. She realized this was the first moment where a human of this world, ever encountered a volk.
A nurse had carted my baby brother away who didn’t survive the delivery. Knowing she was looking at him for the last time, Gastonish suspected, by the way the staff looked at each other, their plans weren’t of good intentions. They wanted to take her baby away. Gastonish feared they would want to study her living child also, to probe him and test him. Maybe even look inside him. Could she trust the humans and their ways?
She knew so little about them, but as she looked into their thoughts, she found; though they were capable of great evil, they were bound by commitments which kept them from taking the life of her or her son. She knew she and her son were valuable to the humans and as long as she could have the reassurance of knowing volks were valuable, she would find it in herself to trust them.
A group of doctors and nurses had left the room. With them they took her deceased baby shortly after she had given birth. They had put it on ice.
With a contrite look on her face, Gastonish was saddened by the loss of her child, but for the time being, all she wanted was to hold her surviving baby in her arms. Bending forward she took in the sweet smell of her newborn. She thought long and hard about where she might find a little protection.

As the first of my kind to be born on planet earth, I had the ability to extrapolate information from the people around me telepathically. I could make a carbon copy of any person’s, or animal’s, life experiences and file them away in my hungry, vast storehouse of memory. When I did this no one was the wiser for it. Analyzing the information and learning at an extraordinary rate, I learned how to mimic the ways of human children. This was to protect myself from being different. Because of my incredible gift to acquire knowledge effortlessly, I found it difficult to respond the same way needy human babies did. My mother thought I pulled off a splendid performance.
“This is my baby! No one makes decisions for him but me!” exclaimed Gastonish, with every instinct of motherly protection buzzing in her mind.
A half-smile cracked along Dr. Vonn’s face. He planned to manipulate her to give up her newborn willingly. Dr. Vonn loved intellectual challenges and he was positive his friendly authority could win Gastonish’s trust. “Miss, please, I assure you no harm will come to your child, but we must understand him before we can permit him to grow up in this world. This facility is equipped with adequate equipment to provide a thorough diagnosis. Is there a disease that might be a threat to him? We need more study if we are to find such answers. You see? We want to protect him. If we need to provide a further in-depth study we’ll let you know, but first, we must be allowed to examine your baby.”
Gastonish peered into the doctor’s sharp, trusting eyes. She looked down at her baby, suckling her breast. “No.” She found me so captivating as a child. Gastonish seemed to be in a trance, yet she could still see right through me. The doctor’s intensions served his own needs far more than they served hers.
Dr. Vonn was at a loss. He never needed to separate a mother from her child by force before. ‘Was it really necessary?’ It was something he didn’t believe in. ‘Perhaps,’ he thought, ‘I can jog the conversation and entice patient-X to speak.’ “You have the most interesting baby I’ve ever seen. In fact, he’s the most beautiful baby in the world. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“Yes.” Gastonish smiled, never breaking eye contact with her baby. She didn’t even seem to blink.
“I too feel a great love and respect for your baby. Have you decided what you’re going to name him?” The doctor asked.
Gastonish considered the question as she chewed at her bottom lip thoughtfully. Her son would have to have a name. She began to reflect on the nebula where she lost her husband. She loved Mulunac, and would never forget how she felt when she was with him on their honeymoon. She also didn’t forget how Mulunac and herself referred to each of the twin nebulas of Genation as eddies.
“Eddy.” Gastonish said, “His name is Eddy.”
“Eddy? Very well, that’s a very good name.” Dr. Vonn was just as determined to have the baby. “You know, I’ve never experienced a birth like yours. Nothing like this has ever happened on this world before.”
“Because you’ve never encountered a volk before.” Her statement was the cause of a reaction, but the doctor tried to hide it. “Am I right?” asked Gastonish.
The doctor put his hand into his pocket and started his mini pocket recorder. “You’re right. We haven’t encountered a species known as a ‘volk.’ I trust if you’ve given birth to a volk, you too are a volk?” Dr. Vonn searched for the right questions.
“Of course.” she answered with her course, raspy voice.
“Well, look who’s coming out of her shell? There’s so much we still don’t know about you and your son. I hope you’ll trust us enough to explain a few things?” asked Dr. Vonn.
“I do trust you... a little. The answer is, ‘no!’ You won’t take my son from me and I will not talk. You know enough about my son and I.” Gastonish was determined to keep her baby with her.
“How can you say we know enough?” Dr. Vonn tried, ‘the stare’ on her but found no effect.
“You know enough for now!” She cut him off, as she was trying to sway her baby from side to side in an attempt to separate my happiness from the tension building in the room. Also, she couldn’t allow her pang of anxiety to keep her from her sense of motherly joy.
“And did the military tell us enough? What I was told is a UFO flew into the wing of an air force jet on a routine flight. Both the UFO invader and the plane went down.” The doctor, unable to break Gastonish’s focus from her baby, continued, “The UFO sank to the bottom of Anderson Lake. The army sent divers down to investigate but they came up empty handed. To top it all off, a small avalanche wiped out a small military mining crew near the area. The area’s now deemed unsafe and off limits. They never found the UFO. You were sent to us looking like a mess, with only this vague story, nothing more. You must understand the importance of this project. You need to tell us everything you can and let us take a closer look at your baby.”
“No! Now leave us!” Gastonish barked strictly then she bent the arm rails of her bed threateningly.
“A-all we want to do is help you. Can’t you see that?”
But Gastonish gave him a cold stare. The doctor noticed her tighten her fist, ready to swing a vengeful punch.
“All right, look, I was given the opportunity to ask politely. All you had to do was let us examine your baby. If you don’t trust me, then a higher power will come in here and take your baby by force. They will not ask for your permission. They will just take your baby and there will be nothing you or I will be able to do about it. I cannot take your baby that way, it’s against my morals.”
A few men in military uniforms entered the room.
Gastonish looked past the doctor at the resolute, obstinate military soldiers. They had stern faces and cold eyes. She looked back at the doctor, who had warm caring eyes. Though she didn’t want the humans to know, Gastonish was too weak and exhausted from giving birth to fight. “Let me come with you then. Wherever my baby goes, I go.”
“That seems reasonable, unless you’re too weak.” Dr. Vonn surmised on his own.
“You can take me.” She told him pointing to the wheelchair.
“Okay, I’ll get everything in motion right now, but remember you can observe, but you cannot interact. You’re not allowed in the room. You’ll have to sit in the room next door and watch from the large window there. This is a good move. The only risk you can take is to resist us. As long as you’re working with us and assisting us, the more we will protect you and your baby.” said the doctor convincingly.
Immediately, Nurse Sophia brought the wheelchair to Gastonish and she was on her way to the examination room. Before Gastonish was wheeled into the room, the doctor reached forward and gently put his hands around my tiny chunky translucent body. With support to my head he lifted me away from my mother.
Peering through the glass, Gastonish carefully scrutinized every human procedure that was performed.
Xonox spent most of its time in the examination room with me and the doctors. Remaining out of sight near the ceiling and out of human eye level, the little robotic sertz recorded every detail of the procedures carefully. The small robot flew about. It was only as noticeable as an insect. With ease it cut a hole into the ceiling and flew past electrical wiring and through air ducts to a position above Gastonish in her observation room. Cutting through the ceiling again, it unobtrusively snuck into Gastonish’s ear.
The voice of Xonox began to speak to her. “MAJESTY, THE HUMANS ARE PUSHING AND PROBING EDDY’S BODY. THEY HAVE REALIZED HIS BODY IS SLOWLY GAINING A VISUAL SOLIDITY; LOSING ITS TRANSLUCENCY. THEY’RE ACTING FAST, COLLECTING MINUTE SAMPLES OF BLOOD AND SKIN. THE DOCTOR HUMAN NAMED ‘VONN’ IS GENUINELY CONCERNED WITH EDDY’S WELL-BEING. HE’S MADE CERTAIN THAT EDDY IS KEPT WARM AND COMFORTABLE. THE SAMPLES THEY’VE EXTRACTED AREN’T SIGNIFICANT. IF THE EXAMINATION ENDS HERE, THERE’LL BE NO DANGER TO YOUR SON.” reported Xonox.
The examination was a few hours, and they stopped for nothing even when I grew restless and required the comfort of my mother. They just continued to poke and prod me. Gastonish told me the intensity of my crying would shake the glass she was looking through. When the examination was over, the doctors were more than happy to give me back to my mother.
When I returned to my mother’s care, I fell fast asleep. The medical room had changed. The humans cleaned it up. Bundled up, I was placed in a cradle. Gastonish moved slowly to the window and opened it. Sitting on the bed, she leaned forward to the window ledge. Placing her arm across the ledge, she stared out the window. Eyes open and glossy; her mind was barely examining the view, because her thoughts raced to find the correct way to control the simple minded humans.
Tears filled her eyes as she fought to keep sadness from filling her heart. “Leave me, please.” Gastonish told Nurse Sophia.
Kind and compassionate, Nurse Sophia directed people out of the room. Investigators searched the birth site. A burned wall of melted plastic had low radiation levels.
When Gastonish was alone she called on her sertz. “Xonox!” She said, in a fraction of a second her miniature robotic sertz flew out of her ear. Soaring about in a semi-circle it stopped only inches from her nose.
“HOW MAY I HELP YOU, GASTONISH?” asked the female voice of her synthetic robot.
“I need counseling.” Gastonish told it, “The year is 2042 A.D. I don’t understand by what standards these beings measure time.”
The sertz chirped twice before answering, “UNKNOWN, ROMULAW. SEARCHING THE DATA BANKS ABOARD THE INSECTULAR MAY HOLD THE ANSWER, HOWEVER, IF WE SEARCH THE ROMSTRUNN MATRIX WE’LL PROBABLY FIND WE HAVE CROSSED A BARRIER TO AN ALTERNATE DIMENSION.”
Gastonish replied, “Traveled through what? But no volk has been able to open a rift and pass through before. Besides, I don’t believe in such eccentric possibilities. All I know, or care about, are the facts. And the fact is the Zandith Crockmior is at the bottom of a lake. The doctor called it ‘Anderson Lake.’ What condition could it be in?” she wondered.
“IN SUCH A SITUATION AS THIS, THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR, RECEIVING NO AID TO REPAIRS, WOULD HAVE INITIATED ITS OWN REVITALIZING BACK-UPS. WHEN WE FIND IT, IT SHOULD BE ENCASED WITHIN ITS OWN COCOON FABRICATION.” The tiny robot explained as its eyes moved up and down with the opening and closing of its little mouth.
“The Zandith Crockmior is buried under heavy debris at the bottom of a large body of water.” Gastonish reminded her sertz.
“IF THAT’S AN OFFICIAL CONFIRMATION, THE ONLY HOPE WE HAVE IS IF THE SYSTEM WAS LOCKED IN STASIS SUCCESSFULLY.”

Chapter 7

GASTONISH’S SKIN BEGAN to feel itchy under the new bandages when Dr. Vonn pulled up a squeaky stool beside her and sat down. He felt a strong sense that she was particularly tall and elegant, even by volk standards.
“I have some staff members coming in soon to give your son a bath. Oh, here they are now.” He turned as two nurses entered with a small baby tub on top of a table they wheeled in. The shelves under the table were loaded with different soaps, lotions and powders.
“Your son is a remarkable boy. He’s in better health than anyone else in this facility, staff included.” Dr. Vonn smiled and breathed a silent chuckle. The doctor could see Gastonish was having some discomfort with her bandages. “Would you like me to remove your wrappings? This way your skin will have a moment to breathe as I apply fresh medication.”
Gastonish nodded her approval, but when the doctor leaned toward her holding the scissors, Gastonish stiffened. Putting her trust in human beings wasn’t easy for her.
As the bandages were carefully removed, the doctor continued with his conversation. “I wouldn’t be surprised if people become healthier just by standing in the same room with your son. When you first came to us, I could smell a foreign odor. It was strong and reminded me of bleach. The odor soon wore off and I didn’t think about it again, but since your son has been born I’ve continued to catch whiffs of that same scent. Tests have revealed this odor is a non-toxic ammonia based disinfectant. Remarkable! We cannot seem to find the limit to its attack on infectious diseases. If we can patent it, we could have it available to the public as a multi-purpose medical break-through.” In his excitement Dr. Vonn had to turn away to smile.
Mom’s new transplanted human skin still looked like the skin of a third degree burn victim.
“Your son isn’t scared of us.” The doctor turned back with a glint sparkling in his eyes. “In fact your baby was quite calm during our last examination. Everyone involved was struck with a sense of wonderment and fear, but as we became familiar with his behavior, we found he was a sweet little innocent child. We all just love your little boy.” He paused as they exchanged calmer smiles. “You know, we still have not introduced ourselves formally yet. I’ve told you my name is Doctor Vonn, but what should I call you?”
“My name is Gastonish and as I told you, I’ve chosen the name, Eddy, for my son.” Gastonish’s voice was still dry and rough. The burned flesh of her face disguised her emotions which added to her mysterious candor.
Splashing wildly when I was placed in the tub, the nurses ended up wetter than me.
Dr. Vonn said, “Eddy? Yes, of course. I’ve been thinking about this name.” A smile blossomed on the doctor’s face as he considered it. After tapping his chin three times, a smile lightened his features before he offered a suggestion, “Why don’t you name him, Adam, since he is the first of his kind?”
Gastonish disapproved of the suggestion immediately. “He’s certainly not the first of his kind, Doctor.” Gastonish refuted.
Dr. Vonn’s eyes widened as he imagined an invasion. Nodding, he quickly accepted her choice for the child’s name, Eddy. “That sounds fine.” He cleared his throat. “Now, do you have a last name?”
“Last name?” Gastonish wasn’t familiar with this term.
“A ‘last name,’ to help distinguish you. Since anyone can have the same first name, a last name will provide you with a personal identity. A family name if you will.”
“Oh, well, I suppose that would be my sertz name, Xonox.” When the doctor mentioned identity, her personal sertz was all about identification.
“Well, it’s a pleasure to know you, Gastonish Xonox.” He paused for a brief moment. “You mentioned a sertz name? What is a sertz?” The doctor asked as he began applying the medicated burn cream to Gastonish’s face.
Xonox suggested a safe answer for Gastonish from within her ear. “A sertz name is just another word for last name, where I come from.” She told him with a final nod.
“And where did you come from?” The smile disappeared from the doctor’s face as he eased back in his chair.
“I already told you. I can’t remember.” Gastonish became reserved.
Dr. Vonn was a clever man he knew he didn’t have to press her for information yet. Obviously Gastonish was from some other planet. The doctor was confident he had time enough to draw the answer out of her. “Perhaps you’d like to change your name to something more human, to fit in a little easier?” He eyed her suspiciously. “Your name is Gastonish. Let’s see, a name similar to Gastonish, um... How would you like to be called, Gail?” suggested Dr. Vonn, kindly.
“Gail?” Gastonish repeated, as she tried it out. She felt coaxed to accept the idea. “Is it necessary? What would be wrong with my true name?”
The doctor cleared his throat. “A spy among us, at the time you gave birth to your son, tried to gain access. Who knows what he was sent to do. News that you’re with us is in the open. Now other nations of the world want to have you. It’s our job to protect you from them. If I call you by the name Gail, it’ll be a signal to you, meaning; be careful what you say. Act as human as you possibly can and do not reveal that you’re different.”
“Yes, I understand.” Gastonish said. Dr. Vonn leaned forward in his seat and just looked at Gastonish for a moment. This made Gastonish feel very uncomfortable. She knew that even if she wasn’t burned, they’d still be looking at her strangely.

When Gastonish was wheeled to a new wing cuddling baby me in her arms, they were taken to a room where Dr. Vonn waited. Many other personnel stood in the room but they quickly cleared out when Gastonish arrived.
The room was simple and bare, just like an interrogation room. It was white walled with a large mirror on one side. At the center of the room was a table and a chair. In the corner, beyond the vacant chair was a plastic baby crib. Mom was wheeled right up to the side of the table opposite from the vacant chair. On the table was a glass of purple juice and a machine with paper scrolled through it and wires hanging out of it. Immediately, Gastonish was told to drink the grape juice as the nurse who wheeled her in took me from her arms and placed me in the crib. She drank every last drop of the juice and as she gulped it down she never took her eyes off me for a second.
Dr. Vonn came around to the far side of the table and pulled the chair out, before he sat on it. “Good morning, Gail.” he spoke with a pleasant demeanor.
“Good morning Dr. Vonn.” she returned his pleasantries despite her raspy voice. 
The doctor took a deep breath before he began asking some very simple questions. Soon Gastonish’s head started to feel strange.
“Gastonish, if you can understand what I say, nod your head.” At Dr. Vonn’s request, Gastonish nodded. “I’ve mixed a powerful truth serum in with the grape juice you drank. I’m going to ask you some difficult questions and you’ll answer me truthfully. Nod your head if you understand what I’m telling you.” Gastonish nodded again as she found herself captivated in the power of the Doctor’s persuasion. “Where were you born?” the doctor asked.
“Telemar.” Gastonish answered truthfully.
“Telemar? Where is that?” the doctor pressed.
“Fon dur 14,985,830L; 10,549,674S; jai auce 294,065,002F; thur min 9,642E-78,603T; wir 9,408,763,094,567GHL; tona 93,975,765BVY; Telemar.” Gastonish answered truthfully though this answer made no sense to the Doctor.
“What? Hey, don’t play games with me, just answer the question.” Dr. Vonn couldn’t understand what was being said because the dose of truth serum Gastonish had was enough to keep a dinosaur from lying.
Like a drunk, Gastonish slurred her words, “Those were the best directions I could give you. If you followed them you’d have to be brain warped to not find the planet.”
“Planet.” Dr. Vonn grumbled. He looked behind himself at the two-way mirror and shrugged inquisitively.
A loud voice bellowed out from a ceiling speaker. “Uh, she seems to be fighting the truth serum’s effects.”
“Gail, what kind of directions did you give me?” Dr. Vonn wondered.
“I quoted the dimensions of Lornel’s direction. A system we volks designed to navigate the stars. A language of code used primarily for directional purposes and devised flawlessly by the late volk space scholar Lornel Von Gurdi. He was a space explorer who perfected star mapping to an easy to memorize system. With his great contribution, many volks who were lost in space were found.” Gastonish told the doctor, “Not all of them were alive.” she remorsefully added.
Even still, under the effects of the heavy drug, Dr. Vonn made a mental note how her quick bird-like reflexes didn’t slow. “Could you repeat the code once more?” asked Dr. Vonn.
“Fon dur 14,985,830L; 10,549,674S; jais 294,065,002F; thur min 9,642E-78,603T; wir 9,408,763,094,567GHL; tona 93,975,765BVY; Telemar.” she repeated perfectly.
Dr. Vonn couldn’t wait to play back the recorded conversation and get Gastonish to explain how it worked.
Within Gastonish’s ear, Xonox protested that she spoke about forbidden topics. Xonox tried to keep her from speaking too truthfully. It even searched her mind and body to pin point the cause of her influence. When the toxin was detected, Xonox caused Gastonish’s body to sweat out the drug. As her resilient immune system aborted the chemical sodium pentothal, she quickly came around to her senses. Dodging further questions with unrelated answers, Gastonish used her wits to outsmart their deceptive methods. The humans couldn’t obtain the answers they sought.

In the first few days after I was born, it was routine for Gastonish and I to take a radiation neutralization shower.
A man, dressed in a rubber suit, took me through first.
Naked, Gastonish stepped into the private specialized shower stall alone. From the next room, unexplored by Gastonish, a group of security guards and scientists observed her through a wall size X-ray screen. It was the usual routine, until one day when the metal detectors traced a small object. The buzzing alarm scared Gastonish and Xonox.
Xonox dashed for safety within Gastonish’s ear.
As the scientists observed the screen they located the metal fragment signature from within Gastonish’s head. Immediately, Gastonish was removed from the shower and before she could towel off, a doctor shoved a long needle-like tool into Gastonish’s ears and nose to locate the object. The tool they used was actually a video cam which looked like a long thin tube with a little light and a hook at the tip of it.
Xonox flew against the lit viewing tip of the tool and zapped it. Unable to make a clear reading, the doctor removed the tool and Xonox escaped without detection once again. It was a mystery as to what could’ve destroyed their video cam that way. They made her shower five more times that day, but there was no re-occurrence of events.
The circle of scientists who worked closely with Dr. Vonn, developed a full body suit for my mother to wear. It was skin tight and black. Absolutely no skin was exposed. The suit covered her mouth and all with thin breathing filters and black goggles to see through. The purpose of the suit was to protect Gastonish’s sensitive skin and keep her low radiation levels from contaminating anything. It also kept her disguised from spies and nosey reporters. The idea wasn’t bad but there was no mistaking that her size and body form was anything but human.
It was hard for a baby to look at a black shadow of a person with no face or loving expression and imagine she was smiling down at him. It was equally as hard for me to look at the shadow with the love and respect I would have for my mother. When my mother and I were alone, she would remove her mask and smile at me. It was her reconstructed face that I learned to love first. 

As I grew, the researchers would point out how I was developing more rapidly than other human children. With so much pent-up energy needing to be released, even I knew I was developing exponentially. I loved the exercise room. Any strong emotions could get me lifting tons. There was never enough homework, so I practically lived in the library where I was introduced to the use of a computer. Most of my time ended up divided between exercise and surfing the net. Combining my computer time with my exercise routines became my favorite use of time. Of course, there were times when messing around with the computer during an exercise was completely awkward, but I called it a learning curve.
I didn’t have any toys, but mom requested a skin-diving suit for me to explore under water. She also applied for a small telescope so I could study the stars, along with a thick book of ‘Master Magician’s’ magic tricks. These things were quite interesting but they didn’t satisfy my loneliness. I needed friends to share them with.
The whole world was cut-off from me outside my window. I understood the meaning of imprisonment from a very young age.
Chapter 8

AT THREE YEARS OLD, I was invited to observe soldiers practicing at one of their training obstacle courses. Dr. Vonn drove me there with other military officials. Watching the men train, they looked like they were having a blast. I was about to have a tantrum if they didn’t permit me to try out the obstacle course also. I was a kid wanting to play in a militarized playground.
The soldiers who saw me for the first time were mesmerized. They wouldn’t drop the stunned looks from their faces as they tried to figure me out. ‘What? Have you never seen a volk before?’ I wondered.
Dr. Vonn took a syringe out from the pocket of his white lab coat and approached me. I had been poked with a billion needles since I was born so one more from my trusted Dr. Vonn was nothing new to me.
The military training instructor signaled Dr. Vonn to approach him. His bold visage stood over me in full military bray with a larger than life authoritative stature and striking features as he persuaded Dr. Vonn to put the needle away. He then suggested I be granted the opportunity to complete the obstacle course.
The drill sergeant stood at ease as I approached. All of the training cadets stood in single file, straight, strong and professional. Looking across the training facility, they never broke formation.
“Lieutenant Fang! Front and center!” The drill sergeant commanded.
One of the soldiers stepped forward from the formation, turned on his heel and faced us then he marched toward us. The moment he stood before the drill sergeant, he stomped his foot and saluted. “Sir, Lieutenant Fang, sir!” He quickly shot his saluting arm back to a straight down position at his side.
“Your mission is to accompany our guest and assist him if he has any trouble throughout this course. Understood?”
“Sir, understood, sir!” answered the soldier with complete obedience.
The drill sergeant turned back to me and said. “Your mission is to run this course in as little time as you can and grab the flag at the top of the fort. Understood?”
“Sir, understood, sir!” I answered, saluting him. Half of the sergeant’s mouth curled up in a grin.
The drill sergeant held up a digital stop watch and said. “Ready?” He looked at me with a lazy skeptical stare and pressed a button on the stop watch. “Go!”
Springing from the foot of the drill sergeant, I dashed into the training field. I caught sight of the distant tall fort at the end of the course. Gauging the distance quickly, I approached the first obstacle. It was a rope hanging over the middle of a dug out pool of water. Jumping from the edge, I caught the knot at the bottom of the rope. As my weight came down my whole body shook and my grip slipped away from the rope. To my embarrassment I fell into the water. My legs folded to absorb the fall as the surface of the shallow pool closed up over my head.
Lieutenant Fang reached out to rescue me.
However, I quickly found my balance and powerfully leaped out of the pool onto the edge at the opposite side. 
Next, I was faced with a field of fire. At the fore-front was a series of tunnels. Diving into the middle tunnel; clothes soaking wet, nothing slowed me down. Within the tunnel the air was hot and heavy to breathe. Within the darkness, the tunnel consisted of many turns. The other tunnels connected along the way. This maze obstacle was to test a person’s sense of direction. Lieutenant Fang had difficulty keeping up with me in the tunnels. My small size was my advantage. Before long I found my way out at the other end.
Not waiting for Lieutenant Fang, I continued on to the next obstacle; a high wooden wall. The wall had five ropes hanging down the face of it. Jumping onto the wall, gripping a strong hold on the rope, I persistently climbed the wall. Hand over hand I climbed, not looking down until I reached the top. Surprised at how high I transcended, I felt I had realized my calling. Lieutenant Fang still hadn’t found his way out of the tunnels.
Slumping over the edge of the wall, I slid down the other side to the ground. Crawling under fifty feet of barbed wire, I then climbed hand and foot across a wide webbed bridge of rope. This bridge was suspended over a deep gorge filled with more water.
At the base of the tall wooden fort the flag waved like the call of victory. All I had to do was take it. I climbed the ladder with ease. The fort itself was built upon pillars about eighteen feet high. Within the fort I jumped high enough to snag the red flag from the top of the pole. At the window I waved the flag at the distant drill sergeant and the other soldiers. Lieutenant Fang still had to catch up to me hoisting himself up and over the tall wooden wall.
The drill sergeant used a speaker system that was wired throughout the course to broadcast his voice. “Well done, Eddy.” observed the drill sergeant. “Lieutenant Fang! Please return to the front of the training course. I would like to have a word with you.”
The Lieutenant jumped down from the rope of the high wooden wall and let his shoulders slump at the beckon call of his drill sergeant.
“Eddy? I have a new challenge for you. Your next mission will be to bring the flag to me.”
‘No problem. The training course was a snap.’
“You must go through the training course once again only this time my cadets will be doing everything in their power to take the flag from you. They already have a head start.”
Then I noticed the cadets had practically traversed the entire course. Biting down on the red flag, I dashed from the fort as fast as I could. First I slid down the ladder to the ground. Three of the most expedient cadets were already climbing across the loosely woven rope bridge. Charging toward them, I leaped into the air. Landing in the center of the rope web, I caused the other three cadets to bounce, losing their grip. When they came down two of them fell over the side and into the water below. The remaining one found himself tangled in the ropes.
Jumping again, I slid under the low barbed wire. Using the plates of my forearms as skis to cross the fine sand, I avoided the other cadets under the barbed wire. With speed, I rolled and slid to dodge my pursuers. Everyone was impressed with my swift agility and unmatchable speed.
Between the Barbed wire and the high wooden wall many cadets waited for me. Trying to tackle me to the ground, they realized I wouldn’t go down easily. One of them grabbed the flag and pulled again and again but I wouldn’t release it from my bite. I was small but I proved my strength. Like a bull, I charged onward dragging the young cadet who refused to let go of the flag. Piling on my back, I carried the group of soldiers. Some fell off while others continued to hold me and dig their heels into the ground to stop me. I felt like nothing could stop me, as I pushed forward on my hands and feet. Despite their efforts and applied more resistance. Continuing to take the crowd with me, like a rhino, I rammed the high wooden wall, breaking right through it. No one could keep hold of me so I headed straight into the tunnels.
Pushing past anyone in my path I just scampered through. The shroud of darkness concealed me as I evaded the soldiers and dashed out of the hot tunnels.
I heard a soldier shout, “That was him! He has the flag! Get him!”
Flag in mouth, I ran to the rope hanging over the middle of the pool. Four cadets gave chase from the tunnels. I didn’t want to lose my grip on the rope a second time. Jumping from the edge, grabbing hold of the rope, I swung across the muddy pool of water and landed on the other side solidly.
Giving the flag to the drill sergeant, I pounded my feet and jumped with excitement as I cheered.
The drill sergeant was amazed. He stood with his mouth open holding the red flag in his hand.
Dr. Vonn was initially proud, trying not to make eye contact with the sergeant. The last thing Dr. Vonn wanted was for the military to label me ‘a weapon.’ Instead, the doctor paid more attention to calming me down. 
“Enjoy your little pet, doctor.” the Sergeant said in a strange and rather unfriendly tone, “It’s just a matter of time before he’s mine.” The moment quickly eroded into awkwardness as the defeated cadets filtered into single file. They had been defeated and they all knew it.
Dr. Vonn snapped around, “Over my dead body, Sergeant.” With a tone as cool as ice, Dr. Vonn spoke loud and clear as he shot a look at the sergeant that could freeze the sun.
The drill sergeant smirked in response. He puffed up his chest arrogantly, “You know what they say, doctor…” He spoke with a deathly coldness of his own mastery, “be careful what you wish for.”
Not a glimmer of fear or intimidation could be seen in the eyes of Dr. Vonn. He simply turned his back on the sergeant and directed me off the training field. Driving me home in an army jeep, Dr. Vonn didn’t speak one word.

That evening at home, I told my mother how well I did on the training course. She responded by saying. “I’ve prepared a cake. Let’s celebrate tonight, Eddy... Just you and I.” The excitement in her raspy voice made all the difference.
I had never been so excited in my life. The rest of the day seemed to pass faster than ever. Later that night I prepared for my twenty-four hour sleep, but it wasn’t easy because I heard several gunshots outside and wondered what could possibly be going on within the perimeter of the Base. Mom called Dr. Vonn to find out what was happening but he reassured her there was nothing to worry about.

Elsewhere, at approximately the same time, groups of heavily trained soldiers were hustling from place to place within the shadows of the fortified military perimeter. With state of the art stealth techniques, the soldiers remained in contact with one another. The radios they used were designed for silence.
When everyone was in position they initiated the next step and released the dogs. Four Dobermans came charging out of the darkness. They were hungry to kill. The dogs were so vicious, they panted, snorted and growled at the same rhythm as they ran. Darting past hidden groups of soldiers, the dogs dived into the darkness behind a parked military truck.
A scuffle was heard followed by some violent pounding. The security dogs yelped out loud. From out of the darkness came a thinly framed humanoid who had an abnormally large head. This creature held two of the dogs by the throat in each hand. As the soldiers leaped out of the shadows, the creature threw the dogs at them. The lifeless dogs were thrown with such force they knocked down entire groups of soldiers. Machinegun fire lit up the area.
The creature was exposed in the flashing lights of gunfire. It was an Ornock; an alien creature. Before now, it had been imprisoned within the barracks. It was top secret, like me.
Bullets crossed and struck the alien as it began to run forward. The Ornock quickly ran to a group and struck a soldier knocking him ten feet into the air before it punched another officer in the chest repeatedly as though he was mimicking the crossfire of machineguns. This was the last attack for the Ornock. It was mutilated with ammunition.

A couple of days later, the doorbell rang and a heavy fist knocked at the front door. My mother was quick to answer it and welcomed Dr. Vonn into our home. As he walked through the door I noticed he was carrying a black box. Looking at me, he said, “Hello, Eddy. I’ve brought you something.”
“A gift?” I asked. Dr. Vonn didn’t reply. Connecting the television to his black box, he abruptly began fiddling with the wires. Both he and my mother had smiles on their faces. The more he fiddled the more curious I became.
“There we are.” Said the doctor as red, green and blue lights lit up at the front of the black box.
“What’s this for?” I asked excitedly.
“It’s a DVD player.” said Dr. Vonn. “I’d like to watch a movie with you. It’s called ‘Alien Terrestrial.’ It’s very popular. After the show, we can discuss plans for our future over dinner this evening. The doctor’s tone and presence made us feel calm and comfortable. I let my guard down.
“Dinner and a movie, eh? Are you unofficially dating my mother?” I asked boastfully.
Gastonish shot a shy glance at Dr. Vonn, but her facial expression was concealed behind her robotic demeanor. Dr. Vonn lifted his hands and chuckled in his own defense. “Whoa, don’t get me wrong. We each know our place. I wasn’t trying to imply anything by this occasion.”
When the movie began, Dr. Vonn and I were very interested. Mom would laugh and chuckle at the special effects used to represent the spaceship and aliens. As the story went on mom became more invested in the plot. I don’t think Dr. Vonn heard her but, when the television screen showed a full view of an alien’s head, I’m sure I heard Mom whisper, “Perhaps Ornocks are the answer.”
Later, during the movie, Mom became sad when an alien was being dissected. Before the sad ending of the movie, Mom tried to hide a tear, but she quickly stopped when she realized Dr. Vonn and I were trying not to lose our cool too. “Come. I’ll fix you both something in the kitchen.” Mom suggested. I quickly took my usual seat at the table. I didn’t know what ingredients my mother used when she created a meal in the kitchen, nobody did. However, what she made had an original taste all its own. Everyone who tried my mother’s food always enjoyed it. What she served us for a snack was small, bite size, black, crunchy coated cookies with a murky, yellowish filling. The taste was incomparable, but satisfying.
“Eddy...” Dr. Vonn began, “Your mother has brought to my attention how you are pleased with your first day of school.”
“Yes sir.” I commented happily, “I’ve been bumped to a grade three level.”
“Well,” The doctor’s face stretched out abnormally from side to side as he smiled brightly. “You’re developing fast, super-fast and super-smart.” Pausing a moment, he smiled down at me, lost in his thoughts. His thoughts revealed he still felt uneasy about competing with the military for me. Since the training day, the military had pushed several times to have me transferred to a military division.
“This calls for a celebration!” the doctor returned.
“I’m sure it does, but you know I’m not happy here. It feels like I’m going to be here for the rest of my life; trapped.” I told him.
“Wha-- Really?” Dr. Vonn seemed overly surprised. I had told him about my feelings several times before. “Well, I guess this is as good a time as any to tell you about our plans to move you to a new secure location.”
“A secure location would be no different than where we are right now.” Gastonish voiced, “What my son and I want is to be free. Like animals, we are being held against our will behind concrete walls and like animals we should be set free so we can try to go back where we came from.” Gastonish frowned.
“We have considered that idea, but there is too much to lose. Perhaps you don’t realize how important you are to us. If we let you go freely into the world, you run the risk of being hunted down and killed. Without our protection you and your son would be in great danger.” 
“If you hold us here against our will, a day will soon come when you all will be in great danger.” Gastonish warned.
The doctor’s face hardened like he was turning to stone. “I’ve told you before. You need our protection. Obviously, you and your son are not human. In this world you will always be in danger as nations throughout the world learn about you. Don’t take for granted, the kindness and safety you’ve found here with us, your friends. You are from another planet, a planet you called Telemar.” Gastonish smiled inwardly, because Telemar was the name of a city of the planet Verticus. She remained quiet and let the doctor continue. “You have done well, Gastonish, to co-operate with us. You’ve made some worthwhile deals for better living accommodations.”
“What do you mean?” Perking up, I asked inquisitively, “What deals?”
“I have traded a few ideas of mine for a better way of life for us, Eddy.” Gastonish cleared her throat as it irritated her to speak.
“And she managed to do it all within the legal limitations of our justice system. No one has to convince me you’re both aliens, but what your mother has done was she made you two the only living aliens on earth with protected rights.”
“Dr. Vonn, there is something else, I would like to work some kind of deal for.” suggested Gastonish as she shifted her weight for a new comfortable position.
“Oh? What would that be?” Dr. Vonn asked curiously, pointing his nose in the air.
“I have been looking into the surgical practices of reconstructive surgery. After considering what information I could give you for such a gift, I believe a mutually beneficial agreement can be reached. I will not go into the details right now, but I trust you can promptly make the necessary arrangements for me to meet with my lawyer to draw up the proposal.”
Dr. Vonn smiled and lowered his eyes for a moment to appreciate the firm grasp of control Gastonish was capable of. Taking a long breath, he said. “I’m so proud of you. You’ve learned so much about our world, but Gastonish, do you really think it’s wise to reconstruct your disfigurement so you can walk this planet with the appearance of a volk, rather than a burn victim?”
“What makes you think I want to retake the appearance of a volk?” Spoke my mother quietly.
Dr. Vonn and I were amazed at what we heard. Gastonish was suggesting she would willingly take on the appearance of a human.
“Mom?” Capturing her attention, I added. “If you do this will I be able to recognize you?”
“If my burns fully healed, you wouldn’t be able to recognize me. At least this way I’ll fit in with the people of this world.”
“And what about me, mom, will I have reconstructive surgery also?” I asked.
“No Eddy, don’t be ridiculous. You’re perfect.” Bending down on one knee she gave me a hug. She pressed her head against my cheek then whispered in my ear. “I have plans to negotiate terms of our freedom, but it’s not time yet.”
“Gail, I’m still not certain if plastic surgery is the best alternative. As for freedom, it’s not easy.” Dr. Vonn straightened. “You won’t have freedom enough to roam this planet as you wish, but we have a place in mind to send you both. It’s secluded and you’ll feel the riches of freedom there. You won’t find electrical fences, curfews or the nagging of constant supervisions. Regular physical testing is still a requirement along with other similar check-ups. It’ll be far better than the seclusion you’ve experienced here.”
“We’ve requested freedom in the past and every time we’ve been denied.” Gastonish was suspicious, but no less curious about the doctor’s promises. “The patience required by you people is taxing.”
“There’ve been rumors someone from within the base is leaking information about your existence. Looks like quarantine isn’t as top-notch as security boasted. This is very dangerous for you. For now, until you arrive at the new location, you and your son are forbidden to speak to anyone. If someone comes to you and asks a question, say nothing. Please, trust me... This lockdown will pass shortly.”
I crumbled off a bite from one of my mother’s cookies. The silence was broken as I munched. My bashful smile stretched from ear to ear. Picking up on a signal, like a radio frequency in my mind, I sensed my mother’s apprehension.
Shortly after Dr. Vonn left, some soldiers came to the door and took me away for some extended mental and physical testing. I was much more patient with the scientists, as I filled my mind with thoughts of freedom and paradise.

The next morning, sitting down at the breakfast table, mom placed the usual in front of me; four sandwiches dripping with honey. Black specks were mixed in with the honey and I was also served a large jug of fruit juice. 
“Mom?” I asked looking up at her with my large glossy infant eyes, “I’ve been meaning to ask you what these black specks are that you crunch up and mix with the honey.”
“It’s kind of like, pepper.” she replied with a shrug of her shoulders.
Running over to the shelf where the spices were kept, I leapt up and grabbed the edge of the counter top. Hoisting myself up onto the counter, I stood up and opened the upper cupboard door. Taking a jar from the shelf, I asked. “This is it, right?”
Annoyed, my mother exploded. “Give that back!” she demanded it of me sternly. “You shouldn’t be climbing on counters! You could break something. Now, let me help you down. Don’t do that again.”
Opening the container quickly, I emptied the contents out on the counter. Thousands of dried insects spilled out all over. There were millions of ants, with houseflies, bees and mosquitoes. I looked at my mother with disgust written all over my face.
“Don’t be silly, Eddy.” She said strangely. “You don’t really believe I’d feed you insects, do you?” I got nothing from her expression as her face was covered by her black mask and dark goggles hid her eyes. In a way, she looked like a bug.
“I’m… not sure.” I said suspiciously.
Gastonish lowered her head and breathed as though defeated. “Believe it or not and I’m trusting you won’t tell anyone what I tell you,” She gave me an eyeful. “There’s a mystery here in these insects. I’ve found too many similarities between the insects of this world and Verticus. I think if I carefully study these earthen insects we can acquire critical knowledge which will help when we return home.”
My mother was serious about studying the insects. Gastonish did confess to using insects for her special ingredients. I didn’t understand how she was able to separate the insect’s innards from their dry outer skeletons, but she did. Gastonish kept specific insect meats and organs in a multitude of separate jars.
My mother created the tastiest foods, snacks and medicines exclusively from bugs. Crunchy bug rolls, critter crackers, creepy crawly cookies, Anty ma-ma pancakes, thick tick shakes, chocolate rocket roach bars and cheesy bug burgers.
It wasn’t long before my mother found a way to make the insects she collected, grow larger than usual. Many were the size of lobsters and the dinners were usually quite exotic. With the ability to make common houseflies into delicacies, like mosquito flame-bo, Gastonish told me how each of her dishes were very nutritious and most importantly, a secret between the two of us. Only mom and I enjoyed her recipes.
“Eddy?” asked Gastonish as I took the first bite into my sandwich. “After today, we’ll be free and I’ll find someone who’ll be your new teacher. He’ll teach you everything you’ll ever need to know.”
My curiosity piqued. “Who is it?” I asked impatiently. She looked at me blankly, “Hey, wait’ a minute, is it Dr. Vonn?” I asked with disappointment.
She giggled, “No, no, it’s not Dr. Vonn. It’s someone from Verticus. Now hurry up and eat. I’ll tell you more about who your new teacher will be, when we get to our new home.”
My young, over-active imagination could only come up with one answer. Gastonish must’ve referred to my father. If she was, then it meant only one thing.
He was alive!

Chapter 9

MOVING DAY; the movers who were volunteer special ops, worked like ants. In single file, they moved our belongings to the moving truck container. Gastonish was dressed in her specially designed black body suit, as usual. She stood outside with Dr. Vonn and a few other high ranking military officials. We were instructed to stay in our trailer, but I wandered inside one last time to say good-bye to our empty suite. Hearing some workers grunting as they worked in my bedroom, I became curious.
“Hey, Tom, why don’t you go back to the van and get some pliers. This is ridiculous.” said a mover from within the room.
Walking toward the door, a tall skinny man walked out with a flushed face. When I entered the room, I found a large man dressed in worn blue jeans with sweat pouring down his face.
Wheezing as he breathed. He said, “Hey, boy, you lived here?” He wiped the sweat from his forehead, removed his sunglasses and turned his head down to me for a better look, “Oh, sorry, I have explicit instructions not to say a word to you.”
“What’s your name?” I asked.
“No, don’t ask, I’m not saying another word.” He replied.
“My mother and I lived here.” I pressed on.
“Well,” He spoke softly. He turned his head from left to right to be sure no one else could hear him. Bending forward, he smiled and said, “Who lifts these weights?” He wiped off some sweat, from the back of his neck with a rag.
Stepping toward the barbells on the bench, I placed my hands on the bar. “Only my mother and I lived here and she hardly ever touched ‘em.”
Grabbing the two hundred and fifty pound barbell with both hands, I propped it up onto my right shoulder, while supporting it with my right hand. Bending down, I pick up a smaller thirty pound hand weight with my free hand, and left the room. The man’s jaw hung open as he watched me leave. ‘I love being a volk.’ After smiling inwardly, I was lightly reprimanded by a sergeant for leaving the trailer then I was taken directly to a nearby van.

On a sea faring cargo vessel, everything rocked back and forth. The boxes around us would shift and slide as our vessel pushed over the waves. Heading out across the open sea, it felt like we were in the middle of nowhere. I imagined the entire world was flooded. Finally we could see it. An island protruded in the distance like an ice cream cone upside down. It was covered with the greenery of trees and other plant life.
When our ferry finally docked near the sandy beaches there, my mother and I were loaded onto a flat-bed tractor trailer. Before long we were on the move. We drove a short distance along a dirt road, before we were led to climb into a second vehicle. While we drove, I took a good look around. My eyes adjusted quickly to the daylight as the salty ocean breeze swept over my face. Tranquilized by the nostalgic beauty of the island, I didn’t expect the promise of paradise to be true, but it exceeded my expectations. I had to lean way back to capture the full view of the great cone shaped mountain.
Heavy waves pounded against the surf. A steep rocky cliff wall towered over and around us like half of a giant cave. Deep shadows contributed to my sense of mystery. Pausing, I took a look at my surroundings as a gust of wind washed over me. My keen ears detected the songs of strange birds. A smile stretching across my face and I felt the freedom Dr. Vonn’s promise.
The smell of pine and ocean salt, filtered through the vents, filling our cab. The humans who accompanied us began to make a few comments, “Hey, my butt hurts! How’s yours?”
“Flat as a pancake of course. Yee-ouch! How much further?!”
The driver pointed, “Ah, here we are, just around this bend.” In all, the trip throughout the bumpy road took us about two and a half hours. The road gave us the opportunity to see a lot of the island. A few areas, thick with jungle bush were also mixed with green virgin forests of tall coniferous trees. Though it was primarily a single mountain protruding out of the sea, it was considered a small island. I was overjoyed and excited to explore every inch of our new home.
“Eddy.” my mother called quietly, “Look over there.”
Turning, I spotted our new home. A magical feeling came over me. As we drove closer, the front door opened and Dr. Vonn stepped out to greet us. Somehow, he’d beaten us there from the ferry. The truck came to a stop and I stepped out. Tropical birds greeted us from the trees, and the sun filtered through the leaves.
Our new home was a rickety little cabin that was faded with an old chipped wood exterior. The roof was covered with moss. It could have been just me but it was as if the house was slightly slanted to one side. Then I realized it had been built this way. It really wasn’t very old at all. The entire right side of the cabin was oddly built into the steep rock wall of the mountain.
The drivers backed the moving truck onto our property. My mother and I couldn’t hold back our excitement. We had to check out the inside.
The interior was completely different from the exterior. Where I expected to find a wall of rock, the room was extended into the cliff like a cave. Though it was roomier inside than it appeared, the walls were made of natural wood with an add closet. The tongue and groove walls were cozy and the place provided all the comforts we could ever need like electrical power, gas heating, plumbing, kitchen appliances, utilities and even a workable indoor bathroom. A large window on the far side of the room looked out over our yard to the surrounding trees. To our left were two doors to each of our bedrooms. We explored, opening cupboards, testing faucets and light switches.
“You’re going to love it here, Gastonish.” Dr. Vonn told her with a smile.
“Doctor, why did you call me, Gastonish?” she asked surprisingly.
“Well you’d better get used to it because you have no secret identity on this island.” The doctor said as he started the gas fireplace. “You’ll notice you only have one land-line phone and it doesn’t come complete with numbers to dial out. This phone is strictly for emergencies. When you lift the receiver, you’ll be instantly linked to a military dispatch not far from here. They’ll answer your questions and deploy a squad to deal with any emergency you might have.”
“What kind of emergencies are you expecting we might have?” my mother asked.
“It works like this; let’s say you saw something unusual, or you felt you were in some sort of danger. Pick up the phone and tell the voice at the other end. They’ll instruct you further. We have an identification code clearance that you and Eddy cannot be without while you live as civilians here. Without your code cards you won’t be permitted to open doors, eat food or use the washroom facilities. In time, you’ll get used to how things are done here, but for now you need to understand you have majestic clearance to go anywhere you wish on this island, but there are certain military areas that are still off limits to you and will remain so for the duration of your stay here. Do not interfere with military activities. The only people who can enter such places have a code clearance higher than yours which is ‘Q’ clearance. You’ll know the difference by the ID cards people carry around their necks.”
Gastonish looked at Dr. Vonn’s ID card hanging from a long chain around his neck. It was clearly marked with ‘Q’ clearance and a purple stripe. He pulled a couple of other ID cards out of his pocket and put the chains over the heads of my mother and I. Ours were like everyone else’s except we didn’t have our portraits on them.

To cross a small stream that ran through our backyard, I built a bridge. I also made a wood shed and a strange insect hotel of my mother’s design. Her fascination for insects wasn’t strange to me as a child. I found them fascinating too. She would often tell me about her insects with great enthusiasm and admiration. My mother was so knowledgeable about them. Looking back, I should’ve asked her where she learned so much.
We had to go to the island’s lumberyard for supplies. Everyone who worked there gave me a lot of attention and they always complimented my strength. Mom used their phone and asked for a ride. Shortly after putting out her call, Dr. Vonn arrived driving yet another one of the island’s rundown pickup trucks. Before he took us home, he drove us into the town.
The road weaved in and out of the islands’ folds as we circled around to the north side. The island was small and the town was set deep into a crevice. It was no bigger than half a dozen old cabins. Much of the island’s roads and land markings were through large dug out portals of stone or other sea washed gnarly shapes. Turning from the dream-like island, I looked out across the vast ocean. It was like we were the last survivors of the world. It wasn’t just lonely it was eerie to not see other islands, boats or airplanes.

Other ferries arrived carrying people to the island. They appeared to be regular civilians; good hearted, simple folk. A small new community quickly developed.
At school, the new comers to the island wore casual clothing.
Dr. Vonn and his unit wore strikingly clean white lab coats and all military personnel wore camouflage uniforms. The soldiers seemed to have the ability to disappear and reappear as they willed.
Only a few weeks after arriving to the island, my mother was taken away from me to begin her reconstructive surgery. Once again she managed to negotiate terms to bribe officials and bend them to her desires.
Dr. Vonn took care of me during my mother’s absence.
When she finally returned, she looked remarkably like a human yet odd facial features such as over developed cheek bones, chin and eyebrows were unmistakable trademarks of a volk. Not to mention, her over all skull was noticeably larger than a typical human’s. Her height and build were also inhuman. Otherwise, her skin was human and smooth, yet she was unable to grow hair. From an assortment of wigs, Gastonish was given many choices and she liked many of them.
It wasn’t until she spoke to me and our minds touched when I knew, without a doubt, she was my authentic mother. “What do you think, Eddy?” I sensed her anxiety to fit in with the humans.
“Compared to the severe damaged skin you had before, it is certainly an improvement.” Smiling at her, she could feel my loving assurance.
“I agree with that, Eddy. And this new skin is more comfortable.” She confirmed as she stroked the bare new skin of her left arm.
It only took a day or two for me to begin feeling comfortable with my mother’s new human appearance, but the feeling soon grew into envy. She seemed more accepted into the human world, while I felt left behind. My mother was hardly a volk like me. A silent wedge had been driven between us from that point on which lasted a long time.

One clear sunny day, mom and I decided to pack light and go hiking up the steep mountain. The sun was hot but we were protected under the canopy of trees. We began to climb the island’s single peak.
“Eddy, remember when I told you I could get you to meet someone who could give you a much better education than anyone else on earth could?” She swung one of her long blond braids back behind her shoulder. 
“I remember. It sounds too good to be true! Who do you have in mind? When can we start?” I paused, listening for my mother’s answer.
“Today.” She answered confidently. “I know we need to find a way back to Verticus.” Looking up to the sky, I smiled before I brought my gaze back down to my mother. “I can’t wait to hear how you plan to work this out. I mean, how exactly are we supposed to get back to where we belong? Build a radio or beacon? Because you cannot seriously suggest you and I are going to build a spaceship.”
“My sertz cannot establish contact with our kind but I believe there’s another way.” She cocked her fake eyebrow as a plan began to formulate, “You’ll swim down into Anderson Lake to retrieve the Zandith Crockmior L/X. You’re four years old and the insectular will be damaged beyond repair.” She recalled the excessive abuse it took from its mid-flight battle. “Your father would try a retrieval operation, so I’ll need to provide a tutor to teach you to think like him.” She raised her head then called. “Xonox!”
Tilting her head to me, I noticed a small pink light emerged from her ear. Then it spoke and said, “WHAT IS YOUR REQUEST, ROMULAW?”
“Xonox, meet my son, Eddy.” She said.
The small object flew close to me. When it did so, I was able to see its fine details. “It’s a small robot!” I exclaimed with exuberance. “It sure is tiny.” I added, squinting my eyes.
“Yes, it’s my sertz, its name is, Xonox.” Then she addressed her sertz, “Xonox, bring us Mulunac’s sertz.”
“JUST A MOMENT, MAJESTY.” The feminine robot spoke before it took off in a pink blurry streak.
“Majesty?” I questioned. “Did I also hear it refer to you as, Romulaw?”
“That’s right, all sertz refer to their female consort as Majesty, Romulaw or more elegantly Romlessa. It’s a gesture of respect and loyalty and a great honor from one’s sertz. One mustn’t take such curtesies for granted.”
Moments later, when Xonox reappeared, it was accompanied by a second sertz. 
“Was the Zandith Crockmior damaged? Can we salvage anything else from it?” Gastonish asked Xonox.
“THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR HAS ALMOST ENTIRELY ROTTED AWAY, YOUR MAJESTY.”
My mother’s eyes quivered with innocence and helplessness.
“WHAT’S LEFT IS ONLY ITS OUTER INSECT SKELETON AND SOME ITEMS WHICH THE LATE MULUNAC WORE AT THE TIME OF HIS DEATH AND A LARVA POD THAT’S STILL IN STASIS.” From the report, Gastonish smiled contently as she turned my way. She walked over to me and rolled up my sleeve.
“Eddy, hold out your palm.”
I did what she asked and the bigger sertz flew close to me, examining my hand.
“CLOSE YOUR EYES.” spoke the words of the bigger sertz.
Closing them, I concentrated on the sensitivity of my open hand.
When I felt a pinch, I shouted, “My hand!!!” Jerking my hand back. “What did it do, mom?”
“Don’t worry Eddy, it had to examine your cell structure to find a matching code of relativity to confirm you’re Mulunac’s son.” she explained away my short lived pain. “This sertz, with these four small pulsars behind it, was once your father’s. It’s deactivated and remained that way ever since your father died. You’ve come of legal age to inherit his sertz and it’s now repurposed. Because of you, this sertz has found a new reason for activation. The mind of every sertz of Verticus is linked through a sertz psyche. Where I come from, they share important, up to date information. This system assisted all volks to share and collaborate information and learn in unison. At first you’ll find your sertz is overrun with information as it will thumb print our history to your mind. Since our sertz have lost contact with the lines of other sertz’s psyches, we cannot be informed of any events. Your father called his sertz, ‘Zip’ because of the noise it made at high speeds. Now his sertz belongs to you and you must name it. When you name your sertz, your last name will become its first name, meaning your father’s full name was Mulunac Zip. My name is Gastonish Xonox. Your name is Eddy...?”
Because Dr. Vonn was the closet person to a father in my life, I wanted the name to ring similar to his. “Evon.” I answered proudly.
Chapter 10

THE STEEP TRAIL ahead of us joined a dirt road. From our altitude we could see over the town that was tucked into a valley of the island. With steep high walls of rock, the town of ‘Scamp’ was nestled in a tight alley of darkness. The movement of people and vehicles through the small town was like a scene out of an enchantment story. My mother and I tried to point out things to one another asking; “I see the road leading to the huge open cave at the beach.” Gastonish started.
“And it passes by the ferry dock in the harbor, just there.” I pointed enthusiastically.
“Yes, it sure looks small from here.” added my mother as she squinted her eyes to see the distant ferry docked at the barge.
Filling her lungs with the salty breeze, Gastonish let it out with a new thought. “This island was chosen because from a distance it looks insignificant and full of poverty.”
The island was bigger than it looked from a distance. Walking along we had to navigate over large stones and traverse its steepness. Heading down to the dirt road, Gastonish had to take her wig off, due to the heat.
Walking the last leg down the dirt road, I started talking to both my mother and my new sertz. Every question I asked was answered. Our theories for getting back to Verticus seemed quite hopeless at times, but the stasis pod proved to be our only hope. This solution would take time however, because the stasis pod would have to grow.
When things quieted down, my sertz flew into my ear. Taking me completely by surprise, I panicked, slapping and digging at my ear to get the sertz out.
Though my mother tried to assist me, she didn’t understand what my problem was. “Eddy! Are you in pain?!” I fell to the ground screaming for help. I thought my sertz was attacking me. “Is your sertz causing you pain?”
Focusing on the pain, I realized, the sertz was only invading my ear. My mother told me, “Let it go.” Focusing on her eyes, I began to tolerate it. The incident settled quickly until I felt it move. Struggling under my mother’s powerful hold, I resisted. As Gastonish talked me through the moment, her soothing words helped me understand what was happening.
“Eddy, your sertz, when anchored to the cranium of your ear, can assist your mind to deal with your feelings. It can provide peace in times when there is no peace. It can even shut off pain if you’re injured so the pain won’t distract you and you can go forward. There’s so much it can do for you. One day you’ll wonder how you ever survived without it.” Her face became hard and serious. “Now, it’s important your sertz isn’t discovered. My sertz has done very well. It’s best to have it hidden in your ear. This way you can keep open, private communication with it. Of course you don’t want it in your ear if you suspect any X-ray or surprise body searches.”

The night sky was particularly clear. The stars were so bright, the constellations were easily depicted. We sat outside on the porch. Mom and I had the most interesting conversations as we stared up at the twinkling depths which shrouded us. The air was fresh and sweet with just the right breeze.
We planned our first attempt to extrapolate the Zandith Crockmior from the lake.
“This island doesn’t have any boats we can accommodate, except the ferry. The only way on or off this island is by the ferry.” I said.
“Dr. Vonn knows your sleeping schedule so you’ll have to sleep a day early. By stuffing our beds it’ll appear we’re sleeping in them if someone were to come and check on us. When it’s dark, you and I’ll go to the transport ferry at the beach and sneak aboard. The ferry will take us to the mainland where we’ll find the lake and the Zandith Crockmior L/X. We only have one day before we cross the point of no return.”
“Okay, let’s say your plan will get us off this island. How’re we going to get to Anderson Lake, recover the Zandith Crockmior, repair it and return to our world without Dr. Vonn starting a global government search for us? And if he does start a search, won’t the lake be on his list of places to look?”
“All we need is enough time to get to the Zandith Crockmior then we will be as good as gone.”

Unable to think about anything but the escape plan, Gastonish was often pre-occupied with the details. Out of seven days, I needed to sleep for one of them. Sleeping one day out of seven was normal for volks.
The island was darker than we anticipated, and the sliver of moonlight gave us little to no assistance. Through the forest, we made our way to the beach where the ferry was docked. The soldiers in the area weren’t in any rush to ship off.
My mother and I needed to sneak across the beach to the transport. Taking me by the hand, Gastonish led me through the outskirts of the woods to a nearby empty flatbed truck. Silently, she opened the passenger door and helped me in. Crawling in behind me with her head low, she took hold of the receiver from the two way radio. Turning it on, she listened. Shifting my weight for comfort, she shushed me to be still. Switching to channel one, she keyed the mic, but nothing was heard from the ferry’s speaker. She tried once more with the next channel and the radio aboard the transport made a clicking noise.
She was on the same frequency as the ferry, “Transport vessel.” My mother spoke into the mic.
A man near the ferry hopped up onto the deck and entered the small navigation room. “This is the Caruso. Over.” The man spoke; his voice came through our radio as clear as a bell. Mom quickly turned the volume down.
“You’re required to return to the mainland immediately. Oh, and don’t forget to take the truck with you.”
I was amazed at the risk my mother took.
“Control, this is Captain Jonathan Chase, of the Caruso. I have no report on my manifest confirming a boat launch at this time, nor the passage of cargo of any kind.”
“We know! Change of plans! There’re people who require the truck on the mainland and it’s very important. Just came up.”
It was obvious mom wasn’t a master of radio lingo. ‘How long could she keep it up?’
“This isn’t standard procedure, who is this? What’s your rank, name and number?”
“Not necessary. You’re required to follow orders, now take the truck and move. All of the um, clearance sheets will be ready for you to sign when you reach the mainland.” Gastonish was determined to complete her mission.
“All right, but I don’t like it! Now what truck am I expected to take with me?” The captain’s hardened face had been weathered by years of life out on the open sea.
“Uh, we have assigned a driver to the truck he’s supposed to have his lights on. This is the truck you’re to take. Confirm authorization with him.” My mother had a slightly slow reaction time. The captain looked out of the boat just as mom turned on the headlights.
With an experienced eye, Captain Jonathan Chase glared suspiciously at the headlights shining from the road. With his gnarly jaw of whiskers and an old under bite, the captain shouted, “Aye, soldier, bring yer rusty over haul down here!” Waving his arms wide to signal the driver to approach, the only piece of official uniform the old ocean goer wore was his captain’s hat.
Starting the engine, Gastonish eased the truck forward. With caution and care, she drove to the dock.
The captain tensed up as he tossed his receiver onto the counter and walked toward us. Walking along the beach within the brightness of the headlights, he lifted his hand to shield his eyes and tried to get a look at the driver. Walking around at a distance from the side of the truck, he could see the dark figure sitting in the front seat looking down.
As he approached he realized it was the face of a woman wearing a cap with her hair tied back. “They said you were going to be a guy.” The captain said as he reached out for the handle of the door. “I’m Captain Jonathan Chase, and you are?”
I heard him fidget with his keys in his pocket. He had his other hand on the holster of his side arm. He let go of his keys and cautiously opened the squeaky hinged door and my mother sprung out of the truck surprising him.
Xonox flew in the captain’s face while he struggled in my mother’s grip. Managing to pull out his gun, Evon pinched his hand and the gun slipped from his fingers and fell to the sand. Restraining the captain, Gastonish forced him into the cab with inhuman strength. She held the man’s mouth and pushed a small metal pipe against his back. “Move or make a sound and we’ll have to clean up the mess!” Mom whispered in his ear.
“What do you want?” The man fearfully asked. Soldiers on beach patrol knew nothing of the captain’s dilemma and couldn’t see past the headlights of the truck.
“You’re going to take us for a ride on your boat. Now load this truck onto your ferry and get us out of here.”
The captain drove the truck up the ramp of the ferry’s transport deck and turned it off. Another man from the beach approached carrying a flashlight and hollered. “Hey, Jonathan, zat you?”
Gastonish nudged the captain with the metal pipe and said, “Get out and answer him.”
The captain stepped out while Gastonish held his wrist in the truck. “A slight change of plans, Harry. I have to return to the mainland with this truck.”
“If you say so.” The man behind the flashlight said with a bright smile. “You the captain, man.”
“I just got off the com with the brass. They’ll confirm it.”
“Okay, whatever. I just work here.” The captain was unable to give a sign of his distress in the unstable flashlight beam. “Have a safe trip, buddy.”
When the flashlight dropped away mom crawled out after the captain. Her grip was like a vise. Entering the small control cab of the ferry, mom smashed the overhead light. As the engine started, the captain couldn’t see her face. I climbed out after and stood by the door.
“You know, once Harry calls in to confirm my departure, they’ll come looking for me. We’re all gonn’a die unless we turn back right now. Please, I have a family.”
“All the more reason for you to co-operate. Your friend wasn’t in any hurry to phone anyone. Now, is this the throttle?” Gastonish lurched the throttle forward and the ferry belched as the old motor thundered.
When we were quite some distance from the island, a voice crackled over the radio asking a question. Gastonish instructed the captain to report problems of static over the air-waves. Communication was soon out of range. Unable to trust the captain, Gastonish tied him up with rope. She used her metal pipe and smashed the radio in both the ferry and the truck.
In the soft hue of morning light my mother and I could see the mainland crest the horizon. The captain was terrified when he could recognize us in the morning light. He realized he was in a lot of trouble.
“Why’re you so frightened?” My mother asked him.
“I was told not to ever speak of the island to anyone nor was I permitted to take people near there, but you... you’re the reason, aren’t you. The island’s probably full of people like you. We’ll probably see a flash of jets pass us overhead then, ‘BOOM!’ We’ll be blown-up!” The captain sincerely believed what he said. Sweat nervously dripped from his forehead.
Fortunately, Harry didn’t bother to investigate the captain’s abrupt departure. No military air force came to blast us out of the water nor was there anyone to greet us when we came ashore.
We didn’t plan to take a hostage, but the captain continued to make things a whole lot easier. He navigated the ferry.
Mom dropped the metal pipe and untied the captain as the ferry had run into shallow water. “So, you didn’t have a gun after all.” The captain realized as he examined us carefully. He took a good long look at me; short, grey translucent skinned, hairless and heavily muscled. Fixing his eyes on my mother he studied her; tall and strong with an inhuman bone structure. She had dark hair tied back into a pony tail from her accentuated facial features.
 The ropes slipped off the captain and he surprised us, when he attacked my mother. He pounded on her stomach with his fists. I ran to assist her but before I could do anything, my mother reached around and grabbed the captain by the back of his shirt. Lifting him off her, Gastonish stood up tall. She was quite a bit taller than the captain. Her long strong arms held him a safe distance so his swinging fists couldn’t reach her in a childish fashion.
“Now, now.” My mother taunted the captain like he was a little boy. “I could kill you faster with my bare hands than I could with any weapon. Now, drive us to Anderson Lake.” She tossed him to prove her strength was for real and the captain collapsed to the deck like a rag doll. His face flushed a pale white, and his eyes twitched with fear.
The captain wiped the blood from his nose and stood up awkwardly. He did as she commanded, driving off on our way to Anderson Lake.
I opened the glove compartment and started pulling things out. Gastonish reached down and plucked a map out of the clutter of junk.
As she opened it, I said, “We just need to find our location on the map.”
“You and I are completely lost!” She turned from me and glared at the captain.
The captain tightened his lips and strained his narrowing eyes. He was tired of waiting for us to decide on a route. Pulling over, he snatched the map from Gastonish and studied it. “Well, here we are and here’s Anderson Lake. It looks like we have a good four or five hour ride ahead of us.”
Gastonish cringed as she studied the map. She pointed at one end of the lake and asked. “Is this the only town of the lake?”
“No, we have a smaller town at the other end.” I added quickly from my own observation.
Realizing the map didn’t show the portion of the mountain that slid away and covered over the craft, Gastonish remembered what side of the lake to find the town.
Pointing at the map, she said, “Take us here; to Maplesville.”
The area was beautiful with its lush thick forests of endless fir, trees. However, after four hours of non-stop driving over rough dirt roads, the captain was in need of food and water. Pouring over the road map, Gastonish had to make sure the captain wasn’t misleading them.
Stopping once, Gastonish and I ate a bunch of leaves from a maple tree. The captain refused to join us.
Once in the town of Maplesville, Gastonish threw a cover over my head and told me to sit down on the floor mats. She demanded the captain’s wallet and found enough cash in it to pay for some gas and some convenient store snacks and drinks. Mom and I couldn’t eat that kind of stuff but the captain was so hungry, he scarfed it all down quickly. When we were on our way again, Gastonish directed us to a dirt road which led away from the lake, along a poorly maintained road and high into a mountains. The road ended at a walking trail.
Gastonish told the captain, “Get out of the truck! Your usefulness has come to an end.” He did so. Rattled by his nerves he thought he was about to be executed.
When we were all out of the truck, mom told the captain. “Run! Don’t come back. I don’t care where you go or who you tell your story to. Just get out of here.”
That sounded just fine to the captain. He turned and ran down the washed out road, out of sight. Listening, I could hear his feet shuffling far into the distance, Gastonish turned to me and said. “Well, we made it. This truck won’t help us any further.”
“Are you sure?” I questioned.
She wondered if the captain might try to back track his steps and return for the truck. Reaching into the driver’s side window, she tugged at the steering wheel, breaking it right off. “Now it’s no good to anyone.”
“Well, what about the captain?” I considered, “Isn’t it dangerous to let him go like that?”
“Even if he was the fastest running human on the planet, we have what we came for.” She pointed through the trees and moved on through the lingering branches. I followed her and sure enough our view soon opened up to Anderson Lake. It was far below us and surrounded by the tall steep mountains. “I remember this place.” my mother recalled.
Looking across the lake I too was mesmerized by the gigantic mountains. It was like a world that had been preserved from the manipulating hands of humans.
“Going back to the island is not an option if we fail. Let’s get going.” Gastonish said.
We turned back into the bushes and hiked for quite a distance. She led me to a log home; a cozy nature hide a way. There, a pure white wolf awoke from a nap on the front porch. Our scent tipped it off. The wolf sprung to its feet and began charging at us with a low huffing growl. It charged through low bushes like a wraith, drumming the trail with its paws, kicking up dust in its path.
Gastonish stepped back a moment, threatened. Glancing down at me, she was like a different person altogether. Lifting a large rock over her head, Gastonish hurtled it at the charging wolf. The wolf was too fast and agile. It dodged the projectile. The impact pounded the ground like a giant drum. Jumping over a rock and leaping at Gastonish, the wolf; unnaturally large, pinned her to the ground.
I exploded from the bushes and rammed into the side of the wild beast before it could cause my mother any serious harm. The wolf stumbled. Then it quickly came back up on its feet and turned on me. Its white teeth were long and sharp as it sneered in a nasty snarl. Its red eyes were set on ‘kill.’ Then the wolf lunged at me.
Some hands appeared and grabbed the wolf around its neck from behind. The jarring pull of the wolf’s head released it from its body with a high pitch squeal and a crack. With its spine torn out, the rest of the wolf went limp and collapsed.
The door of the log cabin flew open and an elderly man came out with a rifle in hand, shouting. “Trespassers! What’ve you done to my dog?!”
A shot was fired at us and a tree nearby took the shot. Gastonish grabbed me and placed me behind a large boulder. “Do as I say, all right? Stay here! Whatever you do, don’t move from this spot.” She turned from me and vanished into the woods.
After she left me, I never felt more alone.
Reacting to the sound of a twig snapping, the angry guy approached me; rifle in hand.
I held my breath and tried to stay perfectly still. The sound of his heavy hiking boots were very different from the sound of my mother’s footsteps. My heart pounded like it was about to explode right out of my chest. He was so close. Then the footsteps stopped.
The rifle clattered to the ground. The elderly man had found the remains of his pet and began to sob. “How could they do this to you? Those trespassing pests! I’ll kill’em!” The man picked up his rifle.
Turning my head in the general direction, I saw the barrel of his gun stretch out around the side of the rock.
“Hey! Over here!” I heard my mother’s voice call.
She snuck around to the water well. Flipping the plywood cover off, she jumped in. “What? What do you think you’re doing?” The man yelled running toward the well.
As he ran away from me, I risked a glance over the rock.
I heard the muffled splash when Gastonish plunged into the water about fifty feet down. The water came up just above her waist. At the bottom of the well, Gastonish unwrapped her circuitry designed suitcase from the old blanket. Holding the case up, Xonox flew out of her ear and inside it. Upon receiving the sertz, the case separated into parts then it fixed itself onto Gastonish’s body. 
The man had just arrived at the well. He was about to point the barrel of his rifle down the throat of it when Gastonish thrusted out from the opening. The suit allowed her to defy and rise from earth’s gravity. With her arms stretched out at her sides, her body appeared celestial as it glowed with an intense brightness of pink.
At the unbelievable sight of Gastonish, the man stumbled backwards and fell to the ground.
Landing gently, Gastonish took the rifle from the old man and threw it deep into the woods. Holding the man down at his chest by the heel of her foot, Gastonish peered down at him. Conviction burned in her eyes and penetrated her pupils, “Leave us! I didn’t come here for you!” Releasing the terrified man, he stood up. His eyes were wide with fear. Glancing back and forth from Gastonish to the cabin again and again, he ran to the cabin. Dashing inside, he slammed the door.

Running around the rock Gastonish found me with my hands covering my face. When she picked me up, I hugged her. She was like my guardian angel.
Attached to her stomach was a pink glowing disk. Without putting me down, she reached between us and pulled it away. Using both hands, she opened the disk and altered its shape like it was a puzzle box of some sort. 
Straddling the strange device like it was a wheeless bicycle, she continued holding onto me. From the window of the cabin, the old man stared at us with wide eyes of amazement. The sight of us rising up to the height of the tree tops was like a dream and that’s what the man chose to believe it was… Only he couldn’t explain away the decapitation of his wolf so easily.
A pink energy bubble surrounded us with a sound like an electronic hiccup. The pink bubble took us down the mountain, over and across the small town and tree-tops and further out over Anderson Lake to a small pile of rocks which marked the burial site of the Zandith Crockmior L/X.
Below us, at the shore of the steep heap of rubble, was evidence of the military’s abandoned attempts to salvage the craft. Amongst the machinery of loaders and excavators was a small wharf. It didn’t look safe enough to support anyone’s weight. How did Gastonish think we could do any better? The steep, rocky shore-line was made up of boulders as large as cars and buses. Climbing down the rocks to the shore, I helped Gastonish, but her foot slipped on the rock’s smooth surface, disappearing behind the boulder for a second. As Gastonish fell toward me, I caught her by the waist. Freeing her foot, I dragged her onto the flat surface of a great stone. From behind Gastonish rose a cloud of wasps.
“Xonox, attack!” Gastonish commanded.
Instantly, Xonox joined the swarm, beating tiny multi coloured stars into bee after bee. Like rippling sounds of chimes without an initial striking tone, the shots were beautiful and the sounds of them were no less wondrous. The bees knew it was my mom who stepped on their hive because none of the bees were aggressive towards me. They specifically targeted my mother. The more Xonox fought, the more the bees appeared.
“Evon, assist Xonox!” I said, not knowing if it would work or not. Evon was like the heavy artillery with twice the repulsars and twice the speed. It was hard to describe the feeling of your sertz darting out of your head and joining the battle. Though strange, I felt a rewarding connection with Evon.
The sertz were loaded with an unlimited stock of star-like ammunition. The real threat to the bees was their dogfight with the two sertz. They left Gastonish alone. Crawling to me, my mother held me while we watched the two sertz exterminate the bees. In the dazzling brilliance of agile air attacks, I was captivated by the master-piece of action.
“They’re dropping like flies!” I shouted jokingly. Gastonish smiled but she didn’t really catch the pun. When the scrimmage was over, I ran to Evon where I thanked and congratulated it. I was so amazed at the little thing.
“You don’t have to thank your sertz Eddy,” Explained Gastonish. “They don’t have feelings, or at least they’re not supposed to.” My mother said before she turned and walked toward the shore.
I was going to bury the dead bees when I took a good look at them and noticed they began splitting apart and turning inside out. “Evon what’s happened to the bees?” I asked my sertz.
“THEY’RE BEING PREPARED FOR CONSUMPTION.” replied the little technical being.
“Consumption?” I questioned as the pieces came together for me. “So that’s how mom makes her strange meals?” I put my hand to my stomach and considered all of the bugs I must have eaten in my life. Placing my hand to my mouth, I gagged. ‘Why would she do something so sick?’ I wondered. The writhing wasps, continued to stir before me with their insides turning out.
“Gross!”
Chapter 11

“CALL THEM ‘ORNOCKS’ for now on all right? The proper term for this specific species is, Ornock.” Gastonish corrected me but not harshly. She began touching iconic symbols that appeared on her suit of circuitry, mainly on the forearms. The suit responded with quiet beeps and colourful flashing lights.
“How long will it take for the Ornocks to arrive?” I asked.
“I’m not sure. It could be a matter of minutes, weeks, or if my message isn’t received, maybe never.”
“Mom? I don’t think we have time to stand here and wait to see if maybe an alien world, billions of lightyears away, will respond to your message.”
Mom peered into the star filled sky across the lake. Clouds began to move in, covering over the sliver of the moon. Placing her hand to the side of her helmet, she closed her eyes. The rim of the helmet visor brightened with a pink glow. “I’m attempting to make contact within our solar system. We may not have to look for help as far away as Zeta Recticuli.”
“How far away is Zeta Recticuli?” I asked. I was actually only interested with how to bring the Zandith Crockmior to the surface.
“Oh, it’s only 39 lightyears away; our neighbor actually.” Sitting back on the rocks, Gastonish stared up at the evening sky. We waited but all we saw was a shooting star.
Pointing to it, Gastonish shook her head negatively. That wasn’t what she was looking for. “I’ll let you know when they’re coming.” Gastonish reassured me.
Bored, sitting around waiting for something to happen, I became antsy. Mom let out a breath of discouragement and I could tell she was getting frustrated.
She began to press little metallic symbols on one of the circuitry bands of her arm. Each symbol beeped when touched. “There, that will do it. I have placed a telepathic message within an energy pod. I just need to prepare it to be sent to Zeta Recticuli.” Taking parts off her suit which were, in themselves, able to change shape, she built a small structure. From the parts extracted from her suit, an intricate micro-circuitry manifold formed a miniature launching pad with tiny antennas and a rotating solar ring. Small parts from her arm changed shape. She snapped them off and added them to the structure.
From her helmet, a shaft opened and Xonox came out with a pink glowing ball of energy in tow. The ball of energy was no bigger than the size of a pea. As the sertz towed it from behind, it flew to the launch pad and carefully positioned the pink orb of energy. The pink ball of energy floated above the miniature assembly. Pressing a button on her helmet, a twang sounded then a glowing steam was emitted and encircled the pad. The hazy mist swirled as it gradually picked up speed.
When the tiny glowing orb shot away in a perfect line into the sky, the energy orb was quickly lost amongst the stars. Like a message in a bottle, the orb passed out of sight and into the great unknown of space.
Rubbing my eyes and tilting my head back, I waited for several minutes. Distant storm clouds approached. We couldn’t do anything about it. At the lakeside I watched the stars, waiting for the Ornocks to come, but nothing happened.
We had only a short window of time to accomplish our goal before the humans would hunt us down.
“I’m using the scuba gear to look for the ship. I might as well do something with my time.” Tenaciously, I prepared for the water.
“You don’t have to, Eddy. They’re coming.” Gastonish raised her eyes skyward. She was faithful a response would soon come to her message.
Hearing my mom say the Ornocks were coming and seeing her dressed in a glowing space suit made me want to verify that there really was a ship in the lake. After squeezing my feet into the tight fitting flippers, I fit the goggles on my head and strapped the oxygen tank to my back.
“Eddy,” Gastonish warned. “Don’t go yet!”
I started into the lake. It was cold, but I went under anyway.
Into the water up to my neck, I called for my sertz. It answered me promptly when I called for it. Seeing the red lights of Evon’s eyes gleaming above me I expected it to offer its assistance.
“I need you to show me where the ship is.” I told Evon.
“FOLLOW ME, MY LORD.”
“Lord?” I shook my head. It was such a foreign reference of myself. “Alright.” I agreed, popping the oxygen mouthpiece in I set the tight fitting goggles over my eyes.
Plunging underwater, the sertz had the ability to navigate through liquid quite fluidly.
Rolling under the water’s surface head over heels, I descended. The water darkened quickly the deeper I swam, but I didn’t mind because the glow of Evon’s little red eyes guided me.
Evon’s lit eyes went out unexpectedly. The sudden darkness was terrifying.
A bright white light appeared and engulfed me from above. ‘Was it a military helicopter?’ With fearful thoughts of my mother in danger, I turned back and swam toward the surface light.
I discovered the energy of the light was drawing me toward it by a gripping force. Indirectly, it slowed me down and held me back. Bubbles rose up from underneath me.
Something solid came up from under me and rammed into my legs. It was hard as a rock with an organic texture on its surface. I didn’t slow it down, rather it picked up speed. Unable to swim around it, I collapsed flat against it under the strength of its momentum.
Evon raced next to my face as I rose to the surface of the lake. I couldn’t make out what it was trying to tell me but it was clearly in a panic.
“BLIPPLE-GLUBBLLE-GLIP-GLUP-BLIP-BLUB-BLOOP. . .” Evon spoke with bubbles coming out of its small metal mouth, until it was abruptly cut off.
The object bursted out of the water and I was hurtled into the air. My goggles were lost and the oxygen tank tore from its straps.
Plummeting back into the water, I began to panic. Treading water, I looked up to the source of the bright light.
An immense form hovered above me and slowly turned. A sound like muffled thunder pulsated from the gigantic UFO.
A solid blue beam shone out the bottom of the menacing alien ship into the lake. It was a tractor beam and it extracted a giant beaten wasp out of the water. Then I realized at the end of the powerful beam was the Zandith Crockmior.
The insectular craft was hunched over and facing me. Bullet holes scattered throughout the Zandith Crockmior’s head. A large boulder rolled out of one of the eye sockets and splashed back into the lake. Rising slightly to compensate for the wasp’s long stinger, the UFO carried the Zandith Crockmior right out of the water.
The shape of the UFO was round and flat with high tapered edges. The surface of the Ornock’s vessel was like red hot metal, with energy flashing across its hull. The entire craft measured four miles across.
Through the ominous throbbing hum, I faintly heard my mother’s voice calling me. When I looked to the shore, Gastonish was waving to me. Three small beings were with her. It was too dark to make out their actual shape.
Realizing my confusion, Gastonish activated her suit. Brightening it to a brilliant pinkish purple, she then leaped from the shore and glided to me over the water’s surface.
Slowing down, Gastonish hovered around behind me. There, she grabbed my shoulder plates tightly and dragged me through the water to the land.
“Eddy,” Gastonish called, while swiftly on my way to the shore. “The Ornocks agreed to help us.”
When she released me, my momentum sent me right up onto the rocks. Gastonish landed on the stones in front of me.
I could feel the tremendous vibration of the UFO through the ground. Helping me up, I turned back to see the alien vessel. From its heatwaves, I thought I could see a power field surrounding the ship.
Gastonish’s suit radiated warmth and heated my body from the inside. Under the brilliant ever-changing design of my mother’s uniform, I was soon dry and warm.
Through the radiant purple light of Gastonish’s uniform, I saw the silhouette of three beings approximately four feet tall. They stood rather steady through the long tremor of the earth around us. Each of the strange alien beings was identical. They looked at me with huge black sinister eyes which sent chills up and down my spines.
They had small chins and noses in contrast with their big black eyes and foreheads. With no mouths or clothes, these beings appeared to be typical ‘greys’; popular in most alien abduction reports.
Facing the three Ornocks, the one in the middle took a step toward me. He moved like a floating entity. Every muscle in my body tensed up, as it raised its long thin hand to my forehead.
“Augh-uh--Hey!” I spat, jumping back. The alien was also startled by my reaction to it. I resisted its telepathic control.
Placing her hand on the left side of her helmet, mom shouted, “This is my son! You’re scaring him! Leave him alone! We can communicate more later. At the moment, we should find a place to hide my craft deep in the woods, away from the humans. We’re going to try to repair it.”
The Ornocks bobbed their heads while making strange humming and buzzing sounds as they consulted each other telepathically.
Evon translated the telepathy for me, but it felt like someone punched me in the head. Evon remedied my pain quickly. 
One of the three Ornocks stepped forward and spoke to Gastonish, “Accept our... apology.” Said an Extra-terrestrial, in a rough raspy voice, “We... wish to... study... and repair... your ship... aboard our Vorogon...”
“Thank you.” replied my mother.
“You are... welcome.”
“Mom?” I asked with amazement, “Did it say, ‘Vorogon?’”
“Yes, Eddy. A Vorogon is that large spacecraft.”
“A spacecraft?” I repeated in awe. Pausing a moment, I recalled what the alien said. ‘We wish to study and repair your ship aboard our Vorogon.’ afterwards it said. ‘You are welcome.’
“Mom,” Fright laced each word I spoke. My stomach was seized with realization. “They’ve welcomed us aboard their ship, haven’t they?... We’re not going mom. Please, say we’re not going!”
“I’m not leaving the Zandith Crockmior. Besides, the Ornocks aren’t going to hurt us.” Gastonish told me. She turned to face the mysterious creatures. “When do we leave?” I couldn’t believe my ears.
“Now…” replied an Ornock.
I couldn’t believe I was about to board a real UFO.

The bottom of the energized craft spiraled open and our damaged Wasp-like ship floated inside. The UFO swallowed the ship and Evon translated a telepathic message which notified us we were next.
An arm of blue energy came out from under the vorogon and the force of it grabbed me. I was held by the blue beam just like the one that engulfed the Zandith Crockmior. Two of the Ornocks came up behind us and touched the backs of our heads with a small metal tool of some sort. The tools looked like wands. I tried to move but I found I was in a state of paralysis. My stomach became light and full of a butterfly sensation. The next thing I knew, I rose off the earth. Looking to the Ornocks and my mother, I saw they were tagged by other separate blue beams. Frozen and paralyzed, Gastonish was also guided off the ground. Our bodies, immobile and stiff, in a standing position, began floating closer and closer to the UFO... Under the power of the beam we turned unwillingly, from a vertical to a horizontal position on our backs. The extra-terrestrials floated faster, as they passed us by. They were not frozen like we were.
Unable to look in the direction I was going, my head couldn’t move. Held in this strange force that carried me to the spacecraft, I wished I dressed on shore.
I could feel a great heat being emitted from the craft. I saw the deep opening of the UFO. As I began to enter the darkness within the craft, I could feel my weight returning. My feet touched down on the coarse surface of the musty dark confinement. The interior walls had no geometric shapes, as though it was created out of dark organic bones.
Filling most of the room, the Zandith Crockmior rested on its side. It looked like a giant, dead wasp. All around the Zandith Crockmior stood sixty-four short alien Ornocks. The air was moist and stale with a pungent odour of ozone and Sulphur. I thought it was the smell of the Zandith Crockmior at first, but it was the vorogon.
Delirious from the first telepathic experience, a window to my mind opened then a tidal wave of information flooded my thoughts. With so many questions, I felt drastically overwhelmed. Sharing the Ornock’s experiences, I was quick to understand their points of view. In human socializing each person develops a sense of who the person is they’re in communication with. Not so through the Ornock’s telepathy. When I shared their thoughts, I became one with them. They were more genuine than humans, but they were also very powerful, arrogant and dark. They wanted to share their positive thoughts with me but I couldn’t keep from noticing they were covering for something. As masters of their telepathic skills, I felt very intimidated.
Still taken by the experience of their telepathy, I found a mass of new information in my mind, but it was garbled together in a cluster of confusion. Not prepared to receive so many thoughts at one time, I put my hand to my head. Evon switched the telepathic connection to standby. That’s when Gastonish turned to me and bent down. She placed her hands on my shoulders.
“I don’t like telepathy.” I told Gastonish, over the nervousness of my breath. My mother understood. She expected the encounter to go differently. My mind was at the Ornock’s mercy. If, they had tried any mind tricks on me, I wasn’t aware of it. As far as I could tell, my mind was unaltered.
“Be sure your sertz has disengaged the link.” Gastonish instructed.
With a frown, I took her advice.
“Evon, disengage link!” Immediately, the connection was severed and I was free. My thoughts settled to those of my own and only my own. Obviously, telepathy was the fastest form of information exchange.
Ornocks were no more intelligent than insects. From the telepathy, I found out their thoughts originated from some other central source. Somewhere on the vessel was the brain behind these creatures. Perhaps the vessel was the brain.
Disrupting an Ornock who was busy working on some strange device, he took notice of me. I took the device from the creature and pulled the top shell off it. Dropping it to the floor, the Ornock didn’t question my actions, nor did it complain. It simply picked up the device and continued to repair it despite the setback I caused it. They appeared to have no capacity for problem solving. I suspected they also didn’t have any knowledge of the passing of time, or emotion, or even death. They’re all males and they’re not selfish, rather they’re like mindless drones and quite possibly, clones.
Little did Gastonish know, the Ornocks became all the more curious with her and her son. They wanted to know how she became so powerful both mentally and physically so they could take her secrets to better themselves.
Gastonish could no longer trust them or risk them searching her mind. Implementing her ability to establish a one way telepathic connection, she could go into their minds and observe but block them from entering her own mind.
Gastonish bent down close to my ear, “Eddy, these Ornocks are not like the Vornocks I thought they’d be. These creatures are obviously much more primitive.”
“I hope Vornocks have the ability to think for themselves. I don’t believe these creatures can do that.” Eddy declared.
“That’s it.” Gastonish said in agreement, “There’s a Queen aboard this vorogon. These creatures range from one extreme to the other. The Queen is a superior mind and these Ornocks are helpless without her.”
The Ornocks crowded around us and began to hum and buzz again like a wave of sound. Gastonish rose up with her hands balled up into tight fists. With a kindled eye of anger, she had had enough of them, “No.” Gastonish spoke out loud, “You cannot take my vehicle away for research! My son and I need it in order to get home!” She paused, “I disrupt your telepathy.” She said sternly.
The Ornocks lifted their masks off their heads and revealed a more organic being underneath. Each one had skin of flesh like a human. Some of them were elderly while others were much younger. Even Ornock children were among them who were only a fraction of the size of the adults. Their eyes were more like a human’s than a volks only they were larger than a human’s.
Their space suits seemed to be made of a grey seamless shark’s skin.

A couple of Ornocks approached us. They walked strangely, hunched forward like they were walking on their toes. Looking down, I noticed their feet were like a baby calf. Their shoes were like a tight black thin rubber. Many Ornocks looked at me strangely while they hummed.
“THEY WANT TO GET INSIDE YOUR THOUGHTS.” Evon told me. I didn’t like the initial experience of their telepathy, but now I knew what to expect. With a deep breath I decided to challenge their telepathy again.
“Evon re-establish the link.” I said, “Make it a one-way link so I can understand what they’re saying. I don’t want them crawling around in my brain.” I was unwillingly locked into eye contact with one of the Ornocks. My head started feeling light as if it was full of helium.
Before I knew it, images entered my mind. What I learned was every desire of the Queen was the Ornock’s desire also. They found freedom, peace and tranquility in the mental bondage to their Queen. Ornocks thought of themselves as a superior race. With extraordinary mental strength, they strived to own and control all lesser lifeforms. Telepathically, I knew the Ornocks were rummaging through each other’s thoughts trying to find any access to my mind.
As my mind went deeper into the Ornock’s thoughts, I discovered they had been coming to earth for thousands of years. Ornocks and humans have made contact long ago. Mediations were made between governments. Negotiations were attempted in a competitive race to find out which government could possess the alien technology first. With all dealings concerning Ornocks, it was all kept Top Secret.
Taking earthlings out of our world at random, they added thoughts to their minds and performed thorough examinations. They even took a human to their home world where they had shown them what a true alien culture was. Through the many encounters between the Ornocks and humans, the Ornocks attempted to wipe their encounters from all human’s minds. They regarded humans as important but inferior; treasured primitives. In our progressive society, they revealed their technologies to humans little by little. Most humans aren’t aware of it, but Ornocks are shaping earth to become like their own home world.
Through them, I saw images of their own beloved world. It was a clean world and well organized. There were no mountains. Bodies of water were separated into perfectly round circles. Large cities covered a lot of surface area and the sky was full of spacecrafts and flashing lights. Just as I was becoming interested in more details of their world, I experienced an intimate contact with a superior mind; the leader of the UFO…
The Queen...

Chapter 12

‘WE MUST ANALYZE HIM!’ the telepathic command came from the Queen. A driven desire followed to carry out the Queen’s will.
“Disengage link!” I told Evon. My mind broke off from the Ornocks. When they realized this, they zapped the back of my head again. The Ornocks were too fast. I was paralyzed.
A heaviness of dread shook us. Danger crowded in on all sides. Our demise was being decided for us. It seemed like all hope was lost. “You!!!” said the Ornock. “Gastonish... we must capitalize a pod with you... first...”
“No.” spat my mother. She whispered a rapid, urgent request, “Xonox, priority over-ride! Thrustle-T authorization active immediately!”
Weightlessly, two Ornocks took hold of me and directed me away from the cargo hold. They took me into a corridor of the vorogon. A portal constricted before it opened up to an area lined with dark pods. Scales covered the tops and bottoms of the pods with a balloon shaped membrane surrounding each one of them.
Thoughts from the Ornock Queen invaded our minds hypnotically. With sounds of cracking and stretching, the floor around Gastonish rose and formed into a tub-like bed. Dark bones and scales of the spacecraft pushed up into a new shape by muscles and joints for her to lie. ‘Be comfortable and at peace and open your mind to me. Rest your mind into a dream state where I can do your thinking for you...’
As Gastonish began to let the Queen wander through her mind, she noticed a thick, milky white goo sluggishly ooze up and fill the inner walls of the organic bed. Submerging her entire body, Gastonish, with only her face showing through the liquid, felt it harden and press in on her from all sides.
Instead of panicking, Gastonish organized her thoughts. Piecing together details of observations she realized more options at hand. A voice cut through her mind; the voice of the Queen.
“You test me... Though any attempt to do so... will spell certain death for you...” The Queen discovered Gastonish’s mind calculated in advancement to her own. Finding this disturbing, the Queen tried to even up the score. The Ornocks were a proud and arrogant race. “Our minds are one... no more secrets... Surrender...” The Queen’s influence to subdue Gastonish grew.
Not backing away from the Queen’s mind, Gastonish was able to steer the Queen around in her thoughts. She could gauge her true nature effortlessly. This was a telepathic boomerang technique. The Queen had no prior knowledge of it. Gastonish knew all too well the workings of an Ornock’s mind, their speed of thought and telepathic strengths. A Volk mind was like a super up-grade in comparison to the Ornock Queen’s.

Around me were thousands of other pods. I had knowledge that these pods could serve more than one purpose. They were used as eggs to grow more Ornocks and some pods were food storage chambers, or medical rehabilitation units.
Placing my stiffened paralyzed body on the black scales, they stretched a tubular membrane down over me, covering my entire body. A strange air was pumped into my pod with the smell of ozone. This gas filled out the membrane like a balloon. The cold gas was thick like a frog and began to suffocate me. A knock sounded from outside my pod. It was manic and terrifying.
We were at their mercy... 

When the Ornocks returned, I could see their shadowy figures outside the stretched membrane wall. Holding an assortment of complex surgical instruments, the procedure was about to begin. Struggling against the odds, it was no use. Evon burned a hole through the membrane and entered my ear. Assisting me, Evon released me from my paralysis.
Reaching out I grabbed hold of the membrane that surrounded me. I ripped the translucent skin apart and leaped out. The cold fog bellowed out of the torn pod with me. Noticing the Ornocks looking at me, I weightlessly sprang toward them. They threw their sharp instruments at me but I ducked and rolled to the side. Catching one of the objects out of the air, I sent it back at the Ornocks.
An Ornock caught the object in the center of its forehead. With its dry small voice it let out a long dry breath. Before it floated up, dead and weightless, I took a defensive step back when I saw what I had done. The remaining Ornocks didn’t show signs of fear, anger or anything. Yanking the object out of their fallen comrade’s head they quickly placed the dead body into one of the empty pods. The dead crew member was immediately used as food to be digested by the spacecraft.
Gastonish was also awake and mobile from her paralysis. She had broken out of the white cement hard goo and quickly rose out of her strange alien bed. Grabbing the last two Ornocks, she slapped them together. Their heads collided, then they floated away like disregarded puppets.
Gastonish wasn’t finished. She wanted to go after the puppet master. As Gastonish started to make her way to the Queen, a portal of black bone sprung open and a crowd of angry Ornocks came rushing in with us. The Ornocks attacked my mother and she screamed.
Turning to face me with evil in their eyes, the Ornocks swung and punched.
One of them nailed me under my jaw. I was thrown backwards against the bony wall of the craft. Shaking it off, I saw the creatures crawling along the floor, walls and ceiling toward me. They moved to attack in a second wave. Beyond the gathering swarm of aliens, my mother fought them off. With so many of them as fast and strong as they were, Gastonish was soon overwhelmed.
Evon began spinning around me like an atom.
I stood up and looked at the Ornocks beyond the tight flight path of my little protector. As the Ornocks came too close, my little sertz zapped them with a bright spark of power. Xonox provided the same kind of protection for Gastonish.
One of the Ornocks reached out and grabbed hold of Evon, but Evon, within the grip of the Ornock, zapped its hand. The Ornock released the sertz with a flash of light and pain.
While the Ornocks hummed and bobbed their heads about, telepathically they exchanged information trying to scheme a way to subdue one of us. Gastonish and I locked gazes.
When Gastonish noticed I was looking at her, the concern in her eyes was palpable. Xonox flew into her ear. Taking hold of the nearest Ornock, Gastonish used it to swing at the others. Knocking them away, the Ornocks began to keep their distance from her as she made her way toward me. Knowing what she was doing, Gastonish didn’t mean for them to die, she simply established who was in charge.
The Ornocks who surrounded me, turned and saw Gastonish approaching. She was a terrifying sight as she beat them with the frail framed Ornock.
My hero, my mother. Who would’ve guessed such strength was within her. I too had enough of these vile creatures. Hating them was easy. While the Ornocks near me were distracted, I called Evon to my ear. At the moment it entered, my defensive skills increased.
The Ornocks were truly fast and their skinny limbs could really pack a powerful punch. One of them swung to punch me, but I grabbed its fist and pulled its body toward me. Lifting the Ornock over my head, I threw it at the others. I giggled at the way they fell like bowling pins.
This was my mistake… Struck from behind, the next thing I knew I was hoisted up into the air. Then they hurtled me toward my mother.
Dropping the Ornock who was being used like a weapon, Gastonish caught me out of the air. Speaking to me, she discovered a mystery from her telepathic connection.
“Eddy, these Vornocks have apparently not encountered our Volk species before.” Gastonish was both confused and surprised. “That’s why they’re so interested in you.” She turned back to face a close, and inquisitive, Ornock. “This cannot be. How can sixty-four Vornocks from the planet Entall not know about the existence of Volks? Volks have an intricate history with Vornocks. What is going on around here?” She wanted to find the Queen. “Eddy, come with me.”
Pushing the Ornocks aside as though they meant nothing to her, Gastonish pushed off in zero G like a God. The Ornocks feared her.
Floating toward Gastonish, the Ornocks separated allowing me to pass by.
Climbing down the corridor Gastonish and I found ourselves back in the cargo area with the Zandith Crockmior.
With sharp eyes, Gastonish noticed a lone alien messing around with something in the cockpit of the Zandith Crockmior. The alien stopped for a moment and faced us before it jumped away. Placing her hand on her helmet Gastonish announced. “No one is to touch my ship! It’s my property!” She spoke to them like they were children.
Making her way to the broken Zandith Crockmior, Gastonish climbed up the side of the unit. Gripping the puncture holes and divots of the large bullet holes that riddled the exo-structure of the head, she moved about and hoisted herself into the gaping hole of the insect’s eye cockpit.
I felt the floor of the alien craft tilt and I wondered if we were in motion, and if so, how fast were we travelling?
“Eddy!” called Gastonish, “Quickly, get over here!”
The sight of the damaged insect craft brought back a lot of memories and feelings reminding Gastonish of Mulunac’s death. Floating toward my mother, I felt a stretching sensation and realized it was the sensation of extreme space travel.
Gastonish popped her head up from inside the Zandith Crockmior and threw me a frizz-bee looking disk. Capturing it in my hands, it felt lite in weight like a little bird but it was rock hard.
“What am I supposed to do with this?” I hollered back as Evon shot out of my ear.
Facing me my sertz said, “OPEN IT, LORD.” Evon flew into a small access hole which opened at the center of the disk.
After a quick look at the disk, I tried to open it at a seam that ran around the outer edge. Working to pry it apart, the Frisbee finally split in half like a clam. Automatically, one half extended out on a pole and two foot pedals dropped from armatures of the other half. The half-disk turned at the end of the extendable pole and became a seat.
“STRADDLE IT, MASTER!” came the voice of Evon from within the bizarre object.
I reached out and held the floating object. Pulling it under me like it was a bicycle I sat on the half disk with the foot pedals extended below. Taking hold of the handle grips within the other half disk. I placed my feet on the pedals and held on.
The center of the frontal disk face warmly lit up like a soft blue spotlight. A blue bubble of energy instantly formed around me with a sound like ‘((-Hickoop!-))’.
“Evon, what do I do?” I demanded instruction.
“YOUR FEET ON THE FOOT PEDALS CONTROL MOVEMENT FORWARD OR BACK, FAST OR SLOW. MY LORD, YOUR HANDS CONTROL BASIC NAVIGATION WITH THE TWISTING, PULLING AND PUSHING OF THE CONTROL GRIPS.” Evon instructed adequately.
As I applied pressure to the pedals with my bare feet, the hickoop jumped forward with a jerk. Lifting my feet off the pedals, the hickoop quickly came to a complete halt. With my body tense I thrusted the bubble forward at an incredible speed and felt no change in velocity. This was what my mother meant by field reality. Within the energy bubble, I was cut off from the world.
The bubble vehicle rocketed across the dark room above the Zandith Crockmior. There, it bounced off the wall. My mother ducked away to safety. The blue light of the hickoop played across her face as I passed dangerously close to her. I couldn’t feel the impact of the collision, nor the quick change in speed or direction. An echoing laser beam sounded each time I bounced off the walls. Streaming right through the crowd of on-looking aliens, they scattered. The more I bounced, the faster I went. I felt like a marble in a pin-ball game. Fear filled the aliens around me as they desperately fled to escape.
Protecting themselves, the aliens jumped into small dark holes in the walls which sealed up behind them like the closure of a mouth. The laser sound of bouncing off the walls increased. Out of control, I bounced faster and faster. The light from the blue hickoop lit the confinements like a strobe.
Hearing crunching noises, I damaged the alien ship’s walls. “Stop this thing, Evon!” I shouted through clinched teeth.
The Hickoop made a noise like ((-Hiccup-)) and the energy bubble disappeared. The thin physical frame of the Hickoop remained floating weightlessly. All of the Ornocks had fled and disappeared. A spooky chill swept over me like a sudden crisp breeze. Though the Ornocks evacuated, I still felt their eyes watching me.
Holding onto the Hickoop tightly, Evon, in control, lowered it to the floor beside my mother. Releasing it at my mother’s side, the Hickoop folded back up into a disk. As it tumbled through the air, void of gravity Evon popped out of it and flew into my ear.
With a mix of emotions, Gastonish looked at me and tried to say something. Through sad eyes, she pointed to the cockpit of the wet wasp vehicle.
I climbed up the side of the giant wasp’s head. It didn’t look like a spacecraft to me. Making my way into the great hole of the insect’s eye, I fell into the cockpit. Finding myself within the stinky decomposed insect skull, the objects mom was searching for were right there in front of me. I was surprised to see the lights of the romstrunn still glowing with power. A strange rubbery material hung out of it. Bullet holes from the air attack were riddled throughout. I noticed my father’s helmet was missing.
Searching the cockpit, I expected to see dials, buttons or lights, but there was nothing of the sort. Just the decaying remains of a deteriorating fibrous skin. The strange and slimy interior was aged and grimy.
It was all proof to verify the stories my mother told me so often in the past. Despite being submerged for five years, the glacier temperatures of the lake preserved the vessel well.
The deep base-like hum of the UFO began to slow. The Ornocks reduced the speed of their craft.
Gastonish stood up and dried her eyes. Three aliens emerged from the light of an opening. Gastonish said. “See if you can get your father’s clothes on while I have a chat with our little ‘friends.’”
I put the items on and crawled out of the insect’s head. Gastonish was in the middle of a heated dialogue with the aliens when she noticed me clumsily stumbling toward her. A long black rubber-like material glowed blue and dragged behind me. Approaching me she knelt down. Inspecting my new get-up, it was typically large, as are most fathers’ clothes to a child. Mom helped to snap the forearm case onto my arm tighter. “This is a romstrunn.” she told me. Opening it, she knew exactly where to touch on the black panel because the case responded.
The bluish glowing gel that coated the rubber material of the suit was quickly drawn up into the romstrunn. Then the black rubber seemed to semi liquefy before it retracted into the romstrunn also.
Touching a three dimensional symbol that appeared above the shiny black sheet, a tiny access door slid open. It was only large enough for a fly to enter. Evon entered the door of the forearm case. Gastonish tried to clean the romstrunn quickly brushing it off with her hand she then opened the case and touched the blank glass-like surface with just one finger. It chirped like a million little insects resided within it then it all abruptly stopped.
The black rubbery material lashed out and covered my body. The material was comfortably warm. When the blue energy gel covered over the black suit, I felt empowered.
Looking back at mom, she told me what the other items I wore were called, “This is a lintin wrist band,” She pointed to the small wrist band which looked like a dainty watch only it was made out of a pearl. “These are your father’s boots.” She pointed to my feet. The heavy boots were of a space-aged style. They were white with a blue stripe down the front to the toes, and red wings swooped back on the sides. On each side of the boot’s ankles were knobby catch pods; mirrored like polished chrome. The boots were awkward to wear, however when my mother touched the pod of my romstrunn they conformed to my small feet. Still the boots were too deep for my knees. This made them bulky and awkward nonetheless. Pointing to my father’s blue disk attached to my stomach, Gastonish told me, “This is a hickoop like mine.” She pointed to the pink glowing disk on her stomach.
Before us, three Ornocks stood. They looked like they wanted to talk but they didn’t say a word.
Using her telepathic abilities, Gastonish persuaded the Ornocks to take us to their navigational command bridge. Turning in sequence, they led us through a small tunnel channel. We needed to use our hands and feet to weightlessly make our way through. A strange sucking and blowing of the dank air slowed us. Leaving the spacious area, we climbed down a dimly lit organic corridor. Passing ten Ornocks swim-walking through the weightlessness, they marched passed us awkwardly. Reacting as though meeting us unexpectedly, they looked at us like we were a disease among them.
Following close behind my mother, I could tell she was still wound up with frustration. Her suit brightened when she fumed. Crouching quite low, the tunnel was designed for the height of the Ornocks. Soon we came to the end of the tunnel. A pucker on the wall opened into a large portal to a room. We gazed upon the alien’s navigational quarters as a chill ran through me at the sight of the spooky lair. Within the compartment of busy Ornocks, I was the alien to them. Fearing the consequences, I didn’t dare touch any of the vorogon’s functions.
Calming down, Gastonish’s suit dimmed to its original pink glow.
Ten Ornocks were each situated around a huge dark mechanism in the middle of the room.
Gastonish approached one of the Ornocks in the middle who had no physical occupation. The body of this Ornock was structured slightly larger than the others yet it remained petite. It appeared to be more feminine than the other smaller Ornocks. It had multiple wires and tubes attached from its back to the floor, ceiling and also the organic machine.
The machine had soft yellow control dials in droplet bubble shapes that protruded throughout the bony counsels. All of their minds were linked through the buzz of telepathy.
In control of what the assembled Ornocks were doing at all times was the Queen. She was a little taller than her drones with feminine curves to her slender frame. Her face was like the others only longer and her expression was a hard and unchangeable scowl. All conflicting thoughts were sorted by this one Queen Ornock. She was the mastermind behind it all; the deciding factor.
“Where are you heading?” Gastonish demanded.
“Entall...” Replied the five foot tall Queen, in a raspy dry voice.
“If my thoughts were not clear enough for you, I will make my intentions clearer by other methods.” Gastonish breathed her warning of contempt. “Take us to the planet Verticus.”
“Your mind is strong… but not strong enough… for the entire Zeta Recticuli star system.” The Queen referred to the combined mind of the entire Ornock race. “Besides, we don’t have... the proper equipment on our Vorogon... to study and repair... your ship.”
With a perturbed look on her face, Gastonish said. “Forget about the ship! We would be grateful enough if you just take us back to our home planet. I’ve been away for too long, my family must be very worried about us.”
“Your home world?... Verticus?” An Ornock asked.
“Correct.” Gastonish answered swiftly.
“We do not recognize this planet... Where is it?... What does it comprise of?... Describe any unique land masses... or the culture of the creatures living there...”
Linking her mind to the Ornock, along with many other Ornocks, mom found an agreement couldn’t be met between the creatures. Each mind was familiar with two separate star charts which were very different. They decided to begin with a planet they both agreed was the same planet; the Zeta Recticuli star system and the planet Entall. Its position wasn’t necessarily wrong but the order was misplaced. After a moment, when the other Ornocks studied the two star-charts amongst themselves, they came to a conclusion. They pointed out some planets had died while new ones were born in comparison to Gastonish’s knowledge.
“Gastonish... we now have a full understanding... of the star charts.” the Queen said.
“Wonderful, does this mean you know where Verticus is?”
The Ornocks answered, “Your home world…”
Gastonish let out a sigh of relief. “We need you to take us home right away.”
“Your home is… earth.” Reading the minds of the sixty-four volks of the vorogon, Gastonish came to realize the truth. “You and your son... are strangers to us... You could only be from the future...” The Ornocks saw Gastonish had knowledge of things still to come. They also knew I was a being not yet discovered. The alien minds dripped with saliva. They wanted to sink their telepathic teeth into us with greater hunger. We weren’t going to get out of this situation easily.
Gastonish opened a telepathic link allowing me access to her thoughts. ‘The Genation nebula was responsible for time altercations.’ “Are we still headed toward Entall?” Gastonish asked the Queen nervously.
“Do not resist us... Or we will sedate you... We are taking you and your offspring to our home planet, Entall... We will open the secrets of your minds... to better our kind... and study the remains of this Zandith Crockmior...” Gastonish didn’t realize she revealed the insectular unit’s name. She wondered how much more information the Ornocks had extracted from her mind already.
Hidden from sight, within Gastonish’s ear, Xonox fought to keep the Ornocks from invading Gastonish’s thoughts. With no regard for Xonox’s approval, Gastonish told them. “Be reasonable. If you take us to the nebula, I can guide you through it to our future. Stay as long as you want and collect as much information as you want. If you still wish to return, do so and deliver the greatest finds ever to the Entall Pexar.”
“A reasonable offer... but we will still remain on course and take you to Entall... We will take what we want from your thoughts... and the thoughts of your offspring... After we prepare our kind,.. for such a journey... our race will likely go… to Genation...”
Lowering her head, Gastonish gazed at the Ornock with burning eyes. Lifting her hand slowly, touching a small button on her helmet, she was on the verge of engaging a telepathic fear.
This would cause them all to desperately cower before her, but before she did, the Ornock Queen said. “Your directions... will burn a lot of our resources... We are Ornocks... You seem to know all there is to know about us... Do you not know, if we are to go... to Genation, the center of all existence... we would be entering territory... off limits to our kind? We can take you as near as… the nebula’s surrounding solar electrical storm... but we absolutely cannot pass beyond...”
Gastonish approached the chief navigating Queen. Casually she lifted her hand to her helmet and touched a sensor. A powerful telepathic intrusion overpowered the Queen as Gastonish took control of her mind. She was the only Queen of the craft and Gastonish commanded her to send all of the other Ornocks into the pods like the one they tried to put me into.
Gastonish told me to bind the Queen. As I held her wrists behind her back, she didn’t even struggle to be free. The Queen was entirely under my mother’s control.
Through the Queen, Gastonish was able to take control of the vorogon and change course to the Genation nebula. As we veered off, Gastonish found the Queen had brought us dangerously close to their home world of Entall.
Nearly colliding with another vorogon, Gastonish re-adjusted our course. With no time for negotiating with the Queen, Gastonish had to force her way. These Ornocks handled their telepathic powers like they were toys and they played dirty. They peeled back the layers of our minds and dug up information right under our noses. As the Ornocks carefully snuck around in my mind, I sub-consciously felt a sense of dread touch my deeper perceptions. That’s what tipped me off.
“Mom?” I felt the immediate situation wasn’t the time to question such mundane hunches and wished I could take back my request for my mother’s attention.
“Yes, Eddy?” Gastonish was quick to respond.
“Um, I had this feeling... and well, then it went away.” I lowered my head in shame for suggesting such a pathetic problem.
Wincing at me, she tilted her head and shot me a wry look. After briefly considering what I said, she moved her hand up to her helmet and established a secondary link to my mind. Finding the odd sense of danger, Gastonish briefly studied it… Then she recognized it.
Taking a few extra seconds to examine her own thoughts she found the same subtle method was used on her mind also. Avoiding the control of our sertz the Ornocks found a backdoor into our meditations. Unwillingly, she found her mind cycling through memories through her subconscious.
“They’re trying to steal our thoughts... Scavengers!” she called them loudly. Rather than getting upset Gastonish simply created a telepathic field to block all communications. Such action was a form of torture for the Ornocks. Their skeptical, analytical minds were left to think on their own. Thinking for themselves made them terrified about going out on a limb and making a mistake. They worried about making a decision that the Queen wouldn’t condone. Such an act might merit exclusion to a pod or worse, left for dead in the vacuum of space. With time, their anxieties would rise substantially. This stressed their minds. Accompanied by three Ornocks, who were under Gastonish’s control, we left the room. No gravity existed throughout the vorogon. The same tunnel led us back to the Zandith Crockmior in the cargo hold.
“Gastonish... may we... I…” It corrected itself, “Examine the... entity?” Asked one of the three Ornocks coarsely, referring to the sertz. Even without their telepathic ability and the captive hold my mother had over them, they still yearned to learn.
“We will have plenty of time for that.” Gastonish said with a discouraged huff.
My mother was satisfied with the spacecraft’s new speed and course heading. The three Ornocks and I floated back to the Zandith Crockmior. When we arrived at the cargo hold, we were surprised to find the aliens had dismembered the Zandith Crockmior L/X. The ten aliens, whom we passed earlier, had been busy. Though the ten Ornocks were no longer in the cargo hold, the damage was quite substantial.
The head of the Zandith Crockmior had been separated from the thorax and the abdomen floated up weightlessly. Disconnected giant insect legs and a segment of the antenna were held in the hands of the three Ornocks who floated around the craft. As they studied it, handling some of the Zandith Crockmior insect parts in their hands, the Ornocks stood up and stared at us with their big, soul sucking eyes.
Looking up at my mother, I saw her face. She was shocked with disbelief. Carefully examining each severed piece of the Zandith Crockmior L/X, she knew it didn’t matter. They had a vorogon now. Xonox entered Gastonish’s helmet.
“Mom!” I called pointing to the Zandith Crockmior.
As Gastonish turned to see what I was pointing at, one of the Ornocks had climbed up onto the large damaged abdomen like a spider. It slowly spun at the center of the cargo hold. An Ornock came into view from the other side. It was straddling the abdomen as though it were riding on it. Reaching into an opening of the Abdomen, the Ornock pulled out a single white slimy Larva. Cocooned in a transparent capsule, the larva had a small electronic monitor attached to the side of it.
‘Consider that a gift to reward you for taking us home.’ Gastonish spoke telepathically to the Ornocks.
On route to the Genation nebula, I was aware we were passing through a great distance but the only way we could have reached our destination so quickly was if we traveled faster than light, much faster. That was impossible... wasn’t it?
A few seconds after we reached the Genation sector of space, the dark bones and scaly wall parts of the alien craft converged slightly before moving apart. The opening of the wall sounded like the rubbing of wet rubber balloon with a rapid muffled snapping like giant cracking knuckles. The bones and muscles moved and opened until, standing in the newly formed hatch-way, was a single Ornock. “We are nearing... the Genation sector... The center of all existence...” The Ornock reported.
Following the Ornock back to the navigational quarters, the Queen looked at us with gruesome intent. Upon one of the bubbled displays, I saw the image of the Genation nebula. The phenomenally huge twin nebula had two separate beams of white light shooting through the bright glow at the center of each nebula. A purple, hazy ribbon of light wrapped around the twins.
“I need to open my thoughts to my crew now... We need you to shut down the telepathic block.” The Queen Chief navigator didn’t like being the one captured. She began to struggle to be free, but I held her back. As Gastonish continued to fly the vorogon toward Genation, the Queen grew more violent, resorting to quick snap-like movements. ‘What could be bothering her so much?’ I wondered.
In a reality all her own, Gastonish shut out the world around her. Concentrating, she maintained telepathic control.
Organic cords released from the back of the Queen. Raising her voice, she shouted. “Creature!!! Shut down the telepathic block... now!”
“Mom!” I shook her arm until she acknowledged me.
Gastonish tapped the side of her helmet. “This will silence her.” she said. Doing something to the Queen’s mind, Gastonish caused her to fall asleep.
Mentally, Gastonish was incredibly taxed. Still administering her telepathic block on all the Ornocks, she navigated the vorogon, while keeping a link of thought open to me. Such a level of concentration began to wear on her. 
Our vorogon flew through the invisible barrier that surrounded the entire expanse of Genation. It was like passing through a short but wickedly powerful storm.
This buffeting and rattling of the vorogon had awoken the Ornocks. Within their pods they screamed telepathically and physically as they thrashed about. The sound was so high pitched and loud, I ended up releasing the Queen. No longer sedated, the Queen jumped up striking Gastonish across her head. The blow threw Gastonish back against a wall where she popped one of the little yellow, bubble shaped monitors. Yellow droplets sprayed out into weightlessness.
Dark ruby blood came down over my mother’s eye and ran over her cheek. Her helmet was damaged from the blow. The telepathic powers of Gastonish stopped abruptly.
“Mom!” I shouted, but my own words were drowned out of my thoughts by the endless Ornock screaming they projected in my mind. Gliding to Gastonish, I lifted her helmet off her head.
Her eyes opened as Xonox flew in to examine and tend to her cut. Eyes tight with anger, Gastonish pushed herself from the floor.
I beheld the image from the main bubble view screen. It depicted the Genation nebula and I saw it in all its majestic splendor for the first time.
A red glowing cloud formed out of the red swirl and approached the vorogon with hostility like it was about to attack. The Queen writhed and took a particular offense to the image as though it outweighed the threat of Gastonish.
The organic cords lifted behind the Queen and wiggled about like the heads of snakes before they plugged themselves back into the sockets of the Queen’s body. Once again in control of the vorogon, Gastonish immediately turned the spacecraft around and flew out of the Genation border. Passing through the barrier of a solar electric storm front, the vorogon shook with a thunder. The alien craft was tossed out of Genation’s protective barrier and tumbled rim over rim.
Stabilizing the craft, the Queen turned her attention to us. Taking a few steps in our direction, she telepathically reprimanded. ‘We informed you!... You knew the consequences… of bringing us to this sector... Certain sectors are off limits… to our kind... This is one of them...’
“I understand you’re forbidden to enter certain sectors for religious reasons, or whatever, but I assure you this will serve a greater purpose.” Gastonish implied whole heartedly. “We just need to rush in at full speed. Trust me.”
‘You don’t understand. There’s a life-force in there that’ll destroy us.’ The Queen Ornock glanced back at the image of the Genation nebula. Apparently, the red glowing cloud wasn’t able to pass through the barrier. It just pressed up against it then backed away. The Queen returned her gaze to my mother and spoke verbally. “Destroy us or let us go,... but you will not see any of us,... nor this vorogon... enter that nebula again!!!”
Tapping her helmet, Gastonish tried to re-establish her telepathic power over the Ornocks but she found her helmet had been damaged. Removing and lowering it to her side, it changed shape to become a breast plate of her intricate suite. She snapped it into place across her chest. The walls of the vorogon began to shift and crack opening portals all around us. The Ornocks who were held captive in the pods were freed. In no time, they surrounded us with a wicked anger.
The Queen smiled then mom and I found ourselves paralyzed in her strong telepathic grip. Evon flew into my ear and Xonox flew into Gastonish’s ear. The telepathic connection was quickly broken. Standing in an instant, Gastonish and I saw the Queen look at us with confusion and surprise.
Without the use of her helmet, Gastonish wasn’t capable of multi telepathic tasks, but with the abilities of our sertz we were still able to protect our minds.
By natural means, Gastonish held the Queen in her telepathic grasp. With a convincing suggestion, she ordered the Queen to take the vorogon back into Genation. 
The Queen did so and the Ornocks screamed their disagreement. The mere mention of going back in was like torture to them.
“Aghrrr!” I yelled as the telepathic screaming aliens cut into my mind, “Make them stop!” I noticed mom was working through the painful screaming to understand what exactly affected the Ornocks. Xonox relayed the telepathic agony of the Ornocks to Gastonish and she found there truly was some kind of strange, telepathic tormentor within Genation. Whatever it was, it had a powerful telepathic presence. It was pure evil and it intended to kill them. Then it was clear to Gastonish that it was transmitting its twisted mind from the red Genation swirl.
Considering this for a moment, Gastonish directed the Queen to fly the vorogon toward the blue swirl of Genation. It was the blue swirl that brought her to this time. Therefore, it was likely this same nebula might take us back.
The enunamic fields around the vorogon doubled in size and our speeds climbed, but when the foreign telepathy distracted us, it disrupted everything. The telepathic interference sabotaged Gastonish’s control. It was the most powerful and purest telepathy she’d ever encountered.
With no resonating humming or buzzing sound in support of the new foreign telepathy, Gastonish found the Queen and all of her Ornocks in a trance. Evon did what it could to cut me off from the link. It did this to protect me, but the telepathic frequency grew too powerful.
Evon, unable to fully protect me from it, soon found we were all paralyzed. After opening our minds, the mysterious creature behind the powerful telepathy began to deceive us.
The abhorrent creature of malicious intent sent a powerful message to us all. Whatever the creature was who held us, transmitted its mind from the red swirl and invaded our thoughts.
‘Come to me little ones and I shall fill your minds with the knowledge you seek. All you need to do is free me.’ The message came like an unrefusable and tantalizing offer, but even the Ornocks couldn’t deny the sense of danger. It was like a heart pounding warning.
The creature was trapped somehow and it desperately wanted to be free. Despite the warning, we began heading toward the red swirl of Genation when a contrary force was deployed from the blue swirl. The shock blast was so powerful it distracted the vile telepathy that held us. For a moment, everyone aboard the vorogon blacked out from the thunderous impulse.

Gastonish was the first one to awaken. She watched the Queen carefully to be sure she wasn’t up to some sort of trickery.
The Queen of the vorogon was the second to come to. She wanted nothing to do with such a force. Turning the saucer shaped craft around with incredible speed she moved it away from Genation. Heading out through the invisible barrier, the craft was again violently shaken, but this time the weakened vorogon was damaged from the force of the barrier. As a consequence, it split apart into separate, smaller vorogons. All of the saucer shaped crafts slowed to a complete stop. Each one was checked and taken care of so they could heel. As long as they were on the outside of the barrier, the disruptive telepathy of the evil red swirl couldn’t touch them.
For a moment the Ornocks considered venturing off from this place on their own, but their chances of survival would be compromised.
United, the vorogons were strong. At the Queen’s command the saucer shaped crafts drew into one another. Rejoining one to another, they again became one large vorogon. Within the vorogon the Ornocks looked to their Queen for strength. In turn, the Queen drew might from her male drones.
Chapter 13

THE GREY ALIEN ORNOCKS, in fetal positions, breathed heavily, showing signs of shock.
My mother’s protective arm had securely wrapped around me.
“Mom.” I whispered to her, “We may have to kill these Ornocks in order to steal their spaceship if we want to get out of this and get home to Verticus where we belong.”
“No, Eddy.” Gastonish replied, “The Ornocks are connected to this vessel. If we kill them, we’d also kill the vorogon itself, but you are right. We will get home to Verticus where we belong.” Sitting up, Gastonish shot a look at the Queen Ornock.
Noticing this, the Queen shrugged her off as being too late.
Gastonish sent a telepathic restraint upon her. She told her hypnotically, ‘You will wait for us to go to the cargo area and then you’ll allow us to leave this vorogon. You won’t leave until you’ve witnessed us fly into the blue swirl of Genation. I’ll hold all of you frozen until I return or disappear through the swirl of the nebula.’
Beginning to move, Gastonish dragged me along with her. “Come on Eddy, let’s go.” Gastonish took me by the hand and headed toward a wall of solid black bones. The wall expanded as it opened up to a corridor. When we entered the opening to the navigational quarters, it closed up behind us. In a brief moment of silence, I noticed air being inhaled and exhaled. The breeze was warm and moist.
Turning to me, Gastonish quietly said, “Eddy, be alert! We’re surrounded by danger.” Pulling her hickoop from her abdomen, Gastonish began to unfold it. “Quickly Eddy, get your hickoop ready too.” Speaking with fierce desperation, Gastonish readied her hickoop. “Follow me closely.” She straddled her hickoop and the pink bubble of energy encased her.
I hopped onto the seat of my hickoop and Evon immediately started the bubble of enunamic energy around me also.
“Evon, fly this thing for me, then lock onto my mother’s co-ordinance and follow her.”
“AS ORDERED, MY LORD!” cheered Evon.
Gastonish approached the closed portal of the cargo area. The wall wouldn’t open for her so she moved toward it until the energy field of her hickoop touched the portal wall. With the shock of the hickoop’s field energy, the Queen and all of the other Ornocks shared the pain of the vorogon’s electrical burn. The wall quickly surrendered and opened. Entering a separate chamber, we moved on. “Don’t try to turn off the energy bubble of your hickoop, Eddy, because in the vacuum of space we’ll only have the air we go in there with. If you turn off your energy bubble, you’ll die.”
After all of the air had been sucked from the room, the outer wall hatch opened and we flew out into space. Mom headed for the nebula. I followed close behind. We looked like two glowing orbs flying our hickoops.
Outside the craft we swiftly glided. The vorogon behind us didn’t pursue or retreat. The Ornocks could only watch us from a distance in their frozen state. Watching with great anticipation they wanted to see if we could disappear from time.
Heading to the Genation nebula, we first had to get through the barrier which was the wicked storm of tightly woven solar winds. Coming in fast and strong, we hit the field perimeter. It was so powerful our little hickoops bounced away and lost control. We feared for our lives when mighty bolts of electrical impulses threatened to disable our energy hickoops. The bursts of conflicting energy would cause our protective hickoops to lose all power. Gastonish moved away from the nebula slowly, like a wounded mother bear with her cub protectively in tow right behind her.
Our Hickoops were too fragile for the expanse of solar electricity. “I’m sorry, Eddy. Our hickoops aren’t strong enough to get us through. We have to return to the vorogon.” she was right. The hickoops were too fragile. We could only make it through in a starship.
As we neared the vorogon, Gastonish spoke to the Queen. Their telepathic conversation lacked apologies, but the two females managed to come to a mutual understanding. Once again, the blue light of the alien tractor beam pulled us into the vorogon. When we were sealed in, air pressured up around us. Lowering our hickoops, we turned off the energy bubbles and folded them up into disk forms.
The Queen personally opened a tunnel through the craft to us and led us back to the cargo hold where the damaged Zandith Crockmior parts were being sorted and stored in pods. 
Without reading her thoughts, it was obvious the Queen relished in our failure. Her body language enjoyed the sight of my mother and I returning to the vorogon. Crossing her arms slowly and gracefully, she slightly nodded her head but never let her eye contact leave us. Her long fingers rested over her elbows and strummed. We had run out of options. “I trust... you will be more cooperative… for the rest of our journey?...” the Queen asked. There was a swagger to her confidence.
Lowering her head, Gastonish exhaled in defeat. With a nod from the Queen, two Ornocks approached us from behind and restrained our wrists at our backs. Once we were securely restrained, the pair of Ornocks were summoned to stand before us.
The Queen stood with her weight resting on her left hip. With her face becoming void of any expression, she knew she was going to get what she wanted.
The Queen connected the ship’s tendrils to her body sockets. In a sense she became the massive vorogon. Piloting its high velocity heading straight to Entall, the Queen felt her reward would be worth the troubles.

Stepping into unfamiliar territory, the Queen Ornock roamed Gastonish’s mind. When the Queen found further supporting evidence that her mind wasn’t stronger than Gastonish’s, she was intimidated.
Reflecting on her history of Ornock progression throughout the ages, Gastonish made her future world a reality and disclosed it all to the Queen. Gastonish wanted the Queen to understand the errors of her ways. There was another perspective to consider. Understanding that by sharing information about the future, the Queen might unintentionally destroy or severely alter the timeline. Gastonish was willing to work with the Queen as allies, to protect their future.
The Queen immediately took the bait. Like a dry sponge, she wanted to absorb all of Gastonish’s memories to unlock the secrets and predictions of her home planet, Entall.
First, Gastonish explained her respect for the Ornocks of the future when they’d be known as vornocks. The Queen was overwhelmed by what she began to learn. She didn’t fathom the friendships Gastonish valued with the vornocks.
The eyes of the Ornock Queen were opened to a new respect for Gastonish. No longer was Gastonish thought to be the enemy. With the Queen’s mind intrigued and eagerly awaiting the opening of more memories, Gastonish began programing the Queen sub-consciously. Her mental grooming process had begun.
Memories of a future history scrolled past the Queen’s thoughts. Visions of peace and prosperity were made known along with major achievements. All of this contributed to a higher standard of living even in comparison to the lifestyle of Ornocks.
Incidentally, the Queen lowered her mental guard. The awesome display of the future’s description of peace and prosperity made her feel secure around Gastonish. Seizing the moment, Gastonish screamed a thought through her mind. ‘Will you alter an already great future with a selfish choice made by you today? This future I hold so dear is at stake. What will you choose?’
The Queen hesitated for a moment as she considered Gastonish’s emotional cry. ‘Please, help us.’ Gastonish added with her mental defenses down.
‘Who’s to say your premature existence here hasn’t affected the future already?’ The Queen thought dryly.
Gastonish was surprised by the thought. ‘All I know is there’s still a chance for my son and I to return home, but we cannot do it on our own.’
‘As you’ve witnessed during your attempt to cross the distance of Genation with our vorogon, the evil within will not allow you to pass. It will stop you.’ The Queen explained.
‘The threat of this ‘evil’ worries me very little. Now that I’m aware of it, I know to avoid it. We will return home.’ Gastonish said.
Annoyed with Gastonish, the Queen severed the link between their minds. The Ornocks began sending thought messages back and forth amongst one another. It took a few minutes for the group of Ornocks to work out their thoughts.
The Queen returned to Gastonish. ‘You’re in a peculiar situation. We don’t have a vorogon for you to pilot and no Ornock is capable of entering the Genation nebula. We can take you to any planet you choose, but stay away from Entall. Find your way home quickly and have no further contact with Ornocks. Our knowledge of the future will change future events. You, Gastonish, must wipe this entire experience, along with this encounter, from our minds. It is the only way to protect the future. Can you do this?’ The Queen gave a mental command for the Ornocks to release their hold on Gastonish and I.
‘I can and I will. You have come to a wise conclusion.’ Gastonish answered.
Finally, the Queen continued. ‘If your attempt to return home fails, we expect you to protect the future also, but a memory wipe would be quite insufficient. Nothing less than your deaths would be adequate. Do nothing to disrupt the future! Have no further contact with the Ornocks of Entall.’
‘If my mother and I failed, we’d have to kill ourselves?’ I pondered.
Those black eyes, peering into my soul like dark trespassers, they haunted my mind. The eyes of the fifty Ornocks who were among us were like spiders crawling over my body. I wanted desperately to brush them off before I felt their bite, but it was too late.
‘We will comply with your instructions.’ Gastonish rubbed the back of her neck as she looked over the surrounding collage of grey alien bodies. “Eddy,” Gastonish called. “Let me use your romstrunn.” The object attached to my arm opened for her, it was a super computer with records, information and abilities twenty-six million years ahead of its time.
Gastonish used the romstrunn to confirm the vorogon’s course and destination. Xonox assisted her to translate the star chart and relay navigational co-ordinates through the volk interstellar mapping referred to as Lornel’s direction.
After two hours of acceleration by means of enunamic field propulsion, my sertz piloted us through a shortcut of space. Slowing, we came out of our journey and stopped outside the sun’s inner solar system.
The piloting Queen Ornock approached us and asked. “Would you... join us... in the guidance pit... to discuss what we shall do... on our short re-entry drop... to earth orbit?”
“Yes, of course, will you escort us?” asked Gastonish respectfully.
“Follow me...” replied the Queen Ornock. She was quite expressionless.
Weightlessly, we followed her through the familiar, but dimly lit and musty corridor to the guidance pit. Ornocks were situated around the central monitor. The monitor was shaped like a mushroom. Through it I saw visions of our journey as we re-entered earth’s solar system.
The tall eloquent Queen re-hooked herself into the assortment of organic cords that connected her directly to the vorogon. The organic tentacles found their way to the sockets of her body. “We will... place you anywhere... on earth... you wish.”
“Will you also place the Zandith Crockmior anywhere we choose?” Gastonish asked.
“Yes!” answered the Ornock. “Simply name... a suitable location…”
“I want the pieces of my Zandith Crockmior placed under heavy wilderness growth so no one will see it. No, on second thought, I want it in a cave.” Gastonish said obstinately.
“No caves... big enough... or safe enough... Observe my solution...” The Queen Ornock pointed to the bubbled viewer.
All eyes fixed onto the giant wall size screen. Gazing upon a static trajectory of stars as they spanned out toward us, a moon and a planet soon came into view. It was earth.
I watched as the earth grew to fill the entire view of the monitor. The land spread out as we traveled closer to the dark side of the planet. Nearing the earth at an incredible speed, I tightened my grip on my mother’s hand. Millions of city lights raced towards us. Then I recognized the shape of the dark blue stilled waters of Anderson Lake. It was just like the map.
Above the lake, many flashing lights flew about with unnatural speed and maneuverability. These were other UFO’s responding to the message Gastonish had sent to Entall. “Please,… ignore the other vorogons…” said the Queen.
The other UFOs were equally as bright as our vorogon with energy flashing off their hulls. Each one was so fast, you’d dare not blink or you’d lose sight of them. Commencing impossible sharp angles as they flew, the UFOs could also stop instantaneously before jetting off at high speeds again. There were too many of them buzzing around like a swarm of insects. Seven of them, ranging in various shapes, had a pulsating haze of light and power that surrounded them like an aura. One shape was of a saucer with a flat bottom and domed top. Another was shaped like a flying jelly mold, and more, like a top hat, a flashing ball and one of the largest ones looked like a cigar with port holes and lights which ran along the side of it. These ports reminded me of eyes all around them and they glowed brightly with many spectacular colours.
With a closer look, I even saw the movements of Ornock silhouettes in the lit window ports.
Our vorogon slowed and we descended like a mothership amongst the smaller spacecrafts. The Queen of our vessel made contact with the other spacecrafts.
Gastonish and I were included telepathically.
Thinking quickly, the alien Queen came up with an explanation to cause the other UFOs to leave. She told them, ‘I’m the one who sent the message. It was only a test.’
A few of the other Ornocks tried to probe the Queen’s mind from their spacecrafts. They had tapped into a vast reservoir of information. The Queen wouldn’t be able to ward off the inquisitive mind probings for long. “Gastonish, we must… have the mind wipe now... before our secrets… are revealed…” the Queen pleaded.
U.S. air force fighters streaked past with haste. They wanted to visibly identify the alien crafts. One of the cigar shaped spacecrafts led the fighter jets away on a wild goose chase while the other UFOs dispersed and vanished into the sky where they appeared to vanish amongst the stars. 
“Not now!” Gastonish told the Queen, “We must hold here until we have unloaded the Zandith Crockmior to the cave.”
Turning our attention back to the large screen, it envisioned the steep rocky mountainside with a long narrow waterfall. The projection of the mountain altered to reveal light and dark blue hues. Ghostly blotches of blue blocky shapes were structured throughout the mountain. It was an X-ray of the mountain.
“Everything in blue... represents each large solid stone... within the mountain... This is an accurate method... to locate the separation of sediment from solid mass...” explained the Ornock. “We will hollow out a stable cave so you... and your son can repair your insect vehicle... in secret and undisturbed…”
A solid beam of light was emitted from under the ship and penetrated the steep mountainside. Instantaneously, the largest stone had a line scorched to the center of it by the light. When the light stopped, a black metal sphere was deployed into the center of the mountain through the newly scorched corridor. There, it emitted impulse waves. As the sphere made its way throughout the stone, it hollowed out.
Dust and small rock debris jetted out through the mouth of the new corridor. The plume of fine debris made the mountain look like a young volcano letting off a little steam.
At the base of the large inner chamber, within the heart of the mountain, twelve separate smaller chambers were quickly carved out.
Lastly, the Ornocks sent a long thin tentacle into the cave’s mouth from the vorogon. The tentacle sprayed the interior of the cave to give it a crushed crystal effect to the walls like frost. Later, as the crystals grew, they gave light and strengthened the integrity of the cave.
Though the ornocks worked extremely fast, I feared the air force would return anytime. ‘Would they shoot down the vorogon and destroy the cave?’
The tentacle finished its work and retracted into the underbelly of the vorogon.
From the organic amber bubble monitor, we saw the completed result. A great empty cave with pillars throughout was ready to receive the Zandith Crockmior.
Gastonish spoke to the Queen Ornock, “We must leave quickly. No more time for talk.” The Queen nodded her consent. My mother and I had been throughout the halls of the vorogon enough times to find our way through. When we reached the cargo hold of the dismembered Zandith Crockmior, an Ornock telepathically told Gastonish of a rock or boulder outside the entrance of the cave. ‘Only you, Gastonish or your son, Eddy, will be able to move the boulder to open or seal the entrance of the cave. It is touch sensitive and activated to your particular DNA only. Opening the boulder will also trigger the crystals to glow within the cave. All of this is powered by the force of the two hundred foot waterfall.’
Stepping to the side with her thin legs, the Queen waved one of her Ornocks passed her. The Ornock held a large object the size of a dinosaur egg. When he held it out to us we saw it was the lifeboat from the Zandith Crockmior L/X. A synthetic larva safely encased within a stasis cocoon as signaled by the green light pulsating at the top of it. The Ornock handed the object to my mother and Gastonish graciously accepted it, first bowing to the Ornock then to the Queen.
The parts and pieces of the once great Zandith Crockmior L/X began to rise up off the floor. The pieces floated through the air as the bottom of the vorogon opened. My stomach felt very lite with the lack of gravity.
Paralyzed once more, I found I wasn’t scared this time. Enveloped in the bright blue light of the tractor beam, rising off the floor alongside my mother, I unintentionally leaned back to a reclining position.
Cradling the lifeboat in her arms, my mother was immobile also. We floated out of the aperture. Looking up to see where we were headed, I noticed the pieces of the Zandith Crockmior L/X enter the mouth of the cave ahead of us.
The mountain air was cold and damp. It was so welcoming and refreshing to my lungs. I had enough of the stale recycled air of the vorogon. Freedom was the sense I felt when we returned to earth. It was a sense of security, unlike the claustrophobic smothering of the vorogon.
The beam of light placed us on our feet. We stood on a level area just outside the cave’s entrance. Turning to look at the vorogon, we saw a thin red beam hit the earth only a meter from where we stood. The beam shot from the vorogon and zigzagged down the mountain. When the beam stopped, I could see it had created a trail so we could safely make our way down the steep mountainside.
When Gastonish stood up, I was aware of what she was about to do. By linking her mind to the Queen’s one last time, she surprised them all by turning their telepathic abilities against them. Just as they had abducted humans and returned them to earth with no recollection of their alien encounter and experiences, she erased their short term memories and set them in the same place they were just before Gastonish sent her signal out to them. She accomplished this with the assistance of her sertz, Xonox.
The vorogon became red hot and glowed with waves of energy moving across its surface like fire. The ground around us shook in the low humming vibrations of the vorogon’s power. With tremendous speed it shrunk away into the distance where it melted into the distant darkness of infinite space.
Turning her head to look down at me, Gastonish said, “Well, we may not be home, but we now have a better chance than before.”
“Will the Ornocks ever return?” I wondered.
“If I call them they will, but until then they shouldn’t bother us.” Gastonish reassured me.
“I don’t ever want to see them again.” as an afterthought I asked, “Shouldn’t we be worried about the Ornocks discovering their repressed memories?”
“I didn’t repress anything. That’s how they would’ve handled it. No, I erased the entire experience from them altogether.” Her answer was definite. Gastonish inhaled deeply through her nose taking in the fresh mountain air. Scanning the view of the lake below and the distant mountains, she said. “Eddy, Verticus is earth.” her voice was full of wonderment. Gastonish realized Verticus wasn’t quite so far away anymore. She smiled down at me. “I have a new appreciation for this world.”
I nodded back to her reassuringly.
Her face hardened and her eyes were full of concentration.
Focused and determined, she was anxious to complete the work at hand.
Chapter 14

THE REPAIRS were going to take longer than we originally planned. My mother and I weren’t sure where to begin. It was challenging not to look at our encounter with the ornocks as a setback.
We tested rolling aside the protective boulder and it moved for us easily. Gastonish led me into the cave. The crystals were very small and just dusted the cave walls giving off little light. The cave was straight and the walls smooth. Deep within the main chamber of the cave we found the dismembered parts of the Zandith Crockmior scattered over the floor of the crystal lit cave. Before anything else could be done, we had to find a way to properly store and keep the giant insect parts from draining all of their synthetic fluids onto the floor. Together, we structured a system where we allowed a trickling stream of water to fill a low sinkhole area. We placed all of the insectular parts into the shallow water. It was crude, but it would keep the Zandith Crockmior from dehydrating.
The sound of running water gently trickling echoed throughout the cave. A small tunnel of water opened up to a stream at the far corner of the cave’s spacious interior.
“Mom, I don’t think this is a safe place for us. I’m sure we could live in this cave, but we were protected at the island and the captain of the ferry is on his way to report this area as the last sighting of you and I. If the humans try to find us here, there will be no telling what devices will be used for their search.”
Gastonish asked. “What do you think we should do about this?”
“Well, for starters, we could go back to the island.” I suggested with a shrug.
“Go back to the island? They would know we were gone. What good would that do anyway?”
“I’m sure no one has discovered our disappearance yet. We really haven’t been away for very long. It’s only been seven hours. Everyone on the Knolix Island is probably still sleeping. Besides, it would keep the humans from any attempt at a search. We could use our hickoops and get to the island in seconds. We’ll have time to spare before the captain of the Caruso contacts his superiors and says anything. By the time anyone checks on us we’ll be in our home waiting to greet them at the door. If we go now, I could even try to catch up on some much needed sleep...” A moment was lost as Gastonish considered. “But we have to go now.” I persisted.
“I wanted to get busy and set-up the larva lifeboat of the Zandith Crockmior.” Gastonish stated with eager eyes.
“The lifeboat has a strong stasis hold. I think we should leave now and come back later when we’re prepared. If we don’t act now and get back to the island, we won’t have a second chance.”
With a hasty nod, she finally agreed. Using our hickoops we fled the mountain and returned to the island.

The voyage to the island was instantaneous. Xonox and Evon guided our hickoops. They were precise navigators. We moved through the atmosphere so our hickoops would blend in amongst the last remaining specks of morning stars. When we were directly over the island, we dropped straight down to our home below.
Branches of trees and fresh greenery withered and sizzled as our hickoops passed by too close to them. Anything that touched the energy sphere of the hickoops instantly burned to a dry brown crisp.
When we landed, the energy field of our hickoops disappeared. We stepped off our hickoop frames and they folded up into disks. Our suits were still glowing, so we undressed. Without the light of our gear, it was very dark. The small white glow of Xonox came out of Gastonish’s hickoop disk and entered her ear.
Evon came out of my hickoop immediately after with its red glowing eyes. With extraordinary speed and precision, Evon darted into my ear.
Taking me by the hand, my mother led me through the darkness to the door of our home. Gastonish heard a distant twig snap and stopped. She said, “Give me everything you’re holding.”
“Why?” I questioned quietly.
“We have to keep these things hidden from the humans.” she whispered.
I gave my arm load of objects to Gastonish. Entering the house, I made my way to my bedroom. There I listened for Gastonish’s movements in the woods. She was very quiet. Finally, she entered the cabin and went to bed.
Images of what we’d just been through occupied my mind. I couldn’t sleep. “Evon, is there anything you can do so I can get a good night’s nap?” Evon helped to soothe my mind as it softly sang in my ear. It was that sense of comfort that lulled me to sleep.

Jolted like I was shot with voltage, I awoke with a soldier slapping me out of my bed. “Wake up!” he ordered. “You have some explaining to do!”
The slap was enough to clarify what was happening, -Interrogation-. The captain had submitted his report. The soldiers had been ordered to collect us for questioning.
Gastonish and I were treated like criminals. They shackled our ankles and wrists. We were taken to an army truck. Unprepared and dressed in pajamas, my mother didn’t have time enough to grab a wig before we were forced from our home. Within the truck we sat on leather seats. The captain of the transport ferry sat with us along with four armed field soldiers. Automatic rifles were held across their chests.
The captain of the ferry suddenly bellowed out words of rage. “You forced me from this island! How did you return so fast?!!” Jonathan spat. His dirty unshaven face was beat red with anger.
We drove along a windy dirt road, littered with pot-holes, that took us right through the little town of Scamp to the beach where mom and I first high-jacked the ferry.
With the first light of the day people were alive and busy on the beach. Military personnel measured sections off at the shore line. Sure enough most of the activity was at the area where the ferry had been. I noticed a man pouring plaster molds of certain foot-prints. This disturbed me. One Mi-17 helicopter was taking off from the beach as another was arriving. Further back from the shore, a large tent was being pitched next to the steep over hanging rock cliff.
They had us wait in the truck until the tent was fully assembled and the chairs were put in place within.
Later, we were directed into the tent where we were seated at the front before a panel of island officials.
When I noticed Dr. Vonn had arrived, I could see he was quite concerned for us.
“Would everyone please quiet down now?!” Spoke a bailiff at the front of the tent. “This inquiry is now in session!”
A man at the center of the panel stood up and began to speak, “It seems an incident has been reported by Captain Jonathan Chase of the transport ferry Caruso with the most unusual incident taking place here on the island about thirteen hours ago. This counsel addresses Gastonish as to her story of what happened. May we come to a swift conclusion that validates the captain’s claim of what truly took place.”
“If it pleases this counsel,” Gastonish began, “I would like to have more information about what exactly the captain reported. Thirteen hours ago my son and I went to bed, which was precisely where you found us.”
“No! She lies!!! She lies!” Speaking between breaths, Captain Chase feared for his life. His head turned as he looked at the faces of the panel in turn. “She is an evil, deceitful creature from hell!” His eyes were shifty and his forehead began to bead with sweat. The room was filled with a sense of confusion. The captain appeared to be delusional and out of his mind. In the captain’s frustration his hands began to shake and his eyes shifted from one face to another as he realized this situation could become very dangerous for him. “H-hey, com’on, you guys don’t actually believe her over me do you?”
Adding to the captain’s stress, Gastonish stood up and addressed the panel. “Sir, my son and I were woken by your men. As you know, we volks need at least twenty-four hours of uninterrupted sleep.” Gastonish explained.
“This is correct, you’re honor.” Dr. Vonn stood up for a moment and raised his hand to confirm Gastonish’s statement.
“And what about you young man… uh, volk… Where do you say you were last night?” The judge was addressing me and glaring right at me with a stern expression. I had a strong sense to protect my mother from him. He was trying to be kind to me, but I had never met him before other than seeing him as just another face in a crowd.
“Sir, you are a judge.” I said.
“Yes, that’s right.”
“I think there are a lot of judges in the world. Some are nice and some are grumpy. You look like a happy judge who woke up this morning and felt he just loves his job. You might be the best judge in the world… I think you are. That’s why you were chosen to come to this island…”
“Let me stop you right there.” he said. His eyes scrutinized me. “I understand you are a very smart boy. You try’n to butter me up?”
“Like a piece of toast, sir.” I answered him.
Everyone laughed.
Even the judge couldn’t suppress a chuckle.
“Very good, Eddy. Consider me buttered.”
Then my mother asked, “Has the captain suggested we left the island? Is it possible he wasn’t expecting you to find us here?” Gastonish asked, “How very odd.”
“Affirmative, ma’am, the captain has been flown out here to this island by chopper and he had a report you and your son captured him and took him to a specific location of the mainland. He maintained you two would not be found here. We want answers at this inquiry and by God we will have them!”
Gastonish smirked slightly and rolled her eyes. “Obviously his information isn’t correct. Perhaps you shackled the wrong people? If he didn’t expect to find us, then perhaps he was working with some accomplices who planned to steal us away. Were there any other strange things that took place last night to suggest a failed operation? A trespass perhaps?”
“Accomplices? Failed operation?” An official repeated, surprised at the hint. Gastonish’s suggestion caused the officials to re-examine the case. Possibly the captain was the true threat. Possibly there was a lot more going on that they weren’t aware of.
Gastonish read the thoughts behind the contemplation of the people, “If I were you, I’d question who the captain’s really working for.” Gastonish suggested with a stern nod of expectancy.
Frantically searching for an answer, the official felt compelled to respond to Gastonish with a definitive answer. “I-I agree ma’am.” the official spoke politely. “We do seem to have some inconclusive facts here. The captain’s story does not add up. We may still have a situation of misconduct here. The matter must be investigated thoroughly. I motion we take a short recess so we can assess this case. In the meantime, Gastonish and Eddy must remain detained. They will be questioned further at a later date. If we find there has been any sort of foul play by Gastonish or Eddy last night, they’ll regret it.” The officials saluted Gastonish and I. We were instructed to follow a soldier back out to the truck where we were locked-up.
After the hearing resumed, we weren’t called back. Instead, we were driven home and didn’t hear from the captain ever again.

A few days later, Dr. Vonn issued special fillings in our teeth. After the procedure my mother and I were told a highly sensitive tracking device had been implanted in our molars. The tracking devices were monitored by satellites as a security measure to ensure the safekeeping of the government’s property. This could’ve become a huge problem for us and kept us from working on the Zandith Crockmior, but Gastonish was always one step ahead.
Using her romstrunn, Gastonish attained detailed instructions, to surgically extract the tracking devices from our teeth. Careful to leave a way to reinsert the devices in case of an inspection, our sertz could extract the small homing chips and store them so they’d be left behind when we needed to leave the island.
We were also given permanent tattoos on the side of our right biceps. The tattoos were designed with an eagle spreading its wings over planet earth. Written underneath were the words, “Property of the U.S.A.” And below this was branded, with four small numbers, ‘2006’ and my mother’s number was 2001. My mother strongly disapproved of the tattoos and branding but the humans insisted it was mandatory.
The island officials restricted any boat or ferry activity. I rarely saw a transport arrive to unload any people or supplies to the island after that point.
I had to keep my distance from the new comers. No one could understand me right away.

Chapter 15

SEIZING ANY OPPORTUNITY, my mother discretely suited up and escaped to the cave. There she was determined to have the Zandith Crockmior operational as soon as possible.
Our sertz understood to pilot us straight to the cave. The trip was only a fraction of a second. The journey to the cave seemed instantaneous. No sooner had we straddled our hickoops when we were at the cave.
Gastonish spent hours at night studying the details of insectular models through my romstrunn. The stinging wasps belonged to the sub-order Apocrita of the order Hymenoptra. She wanted to learn everything about their entire body structure and compare differences between real insects and living synthetic insectulars, but the romstrunn held so much information it would often take hours of Gastonish’s time. She did, however, find out how to release the cocoon stasis hold and begin the lifecycle of the synthetic vehicle’s growth.
Before she could start the ‘lifeboat’ she had to make some minor preparations. With careful attention to the instructions of the romstrunn, my mother and I designed a single honeycomb shaft large enough to hold a fully grown Zandith Crockmior lifeboat. The single shaft occupied most of the spacious cave and stood twenty feet tall.
The honey comb was made of wood fiber and clay. After the larva lifeboat was placed inside she covered the top of the honey comb.
While the larva grew, the romstrunn instructed us to gather food for the Zandith Crockmior. It would have to eat. This was to be placed just outside the base of the honey comb. This behavior was identical to a real insect’s habits. The only problem was the items listed for us to use as food were insects. The romstrunn was quite specific when listing the food items: winged female ants with its wings torn off, cicadas, cockroaches, spiders, beetles, caterpillars, mosquitoes and honeybees.
To collect such insects on Verticus wouldn’t be so tedious because there, the insects not only over populate the planet, but they were of monumental size and proportion equal to that of the Zandith Crockmior L/X. Evon and Xonox searched the land of the island to find the insects of the list, but no matter how hard they tried, the insects collected were never more than a fraction of what was needed to feed the lifeboat. Later, Gastonish learned the remaining parts from the original Zandith Crockmior would be a sufficient food to fuel the lifeboat even though they were synthetic.
Evon occasionally reported men scouring the area of the cave. They were obviously looking for something. We wouldn’t enter or exit the cave if we knew people were close. We worked on the Zandith Crockmior and stayed as long as we could at nightfall.

Even though Evon taught me whenever possible about the ways of the future, I also had to stay on top of school and learn from the humans. Because I only slept for one entire day each week, I had lots of time to find ways to keep busy on the island. I made a point of trying to meet with every citizen of the island at least once. Usually, as first impressions go, the people thought of me as a dangerous monster or someone who disciplined and punished the people of the island. In time, people got to know me and I made lots of friends. I looked forward to helping people. Everyone helped everyone and we became a tight knit community.
One day, I heard someone in the Scamp market make a comment about how inspirational I was and how well I took care of people. I was pleased to pick up on this conversation. The other mentioned how people were depending on me to get things done, but I was discouraged when they said, “It’s just a matter of time before the government tries to harness his good will.”
It occurred to me at a young age, ‘With hard work comes more work.’ If the military came to take me away, I wouldn’t go easy.
The exercise I required was insufficient at the human gym. I needed to look for heavier harder jobs. Some people couldn’t understand why I would do senseless jobs but it was simply because my body required the exertion. As I grew, I required tougher resistance training.
Jay, a single man who lived a quiet life, didn’t involve himself within the community very much. He dropped me off at home each day after school with his pickup truck. Jay was like the island’s taxi / school bus-driver.
Even on hot days he’d wear his old jean jacket. With shaggy brown hair, bushy sideburns and a necklace of earthy Indian beads, Jay had a care-free lifestyle.
Always teaching me something new, Evon strengthened my telepathic abilities and explained how I should use my lintin. Like everything else I received aboard the alien vorogon, it used to belong to my father. The lintin was a small pearl web wrist band.
When I was six years of age my build and body structure was like a fully matured volk. I was naturally built with eight times the muscle capacity of an average human.
I enjoyed my life on earth, but both my mother and my sertz warned me it wouldn’t last. I didn’t share the need to go to Verticus as my mother did. I was disappointed when Gastonish would say, “It won’t be long now, Eddy. Very soon we’ll be going home.”
When I was seven feet tall and three men wide full of bulging muscles, I distinctly recalled playing rugby with some of my classmates. We were out on the beach. The ferry was docking. One of us shirtless boys put the back of his hand to his mouth to speak privately in a low whisper to the rest of us. “Hey, check it out.” he said pointing, “A new girl to the island. Here she comes.” The moment her eyes caught sight of our group, we all dropped our gazes to the ground.
Walking to the edge of the dock she hugging her books to her chest and batted her eyes at us. “Hi boys.” She had the power to make us all blush. The boys turned red but I became more bluish.
The gang tried to ignore her but no one could deny the obvious. She was beautiful. “Forget her.” Bobby said, “Even you can find yourself in a world of hurt fooling around with the little town flirt, Eddy.”
It was sound advice from an elementary student.
Her name was Sally Coppler. In the presence of Sally, I would begin to run faster than usual and chase my schoolmates around growling in good fun. She put a flare in my heart which kicked up my pulse and I was helplessly crazy when she was around.
Playing baseball, I’d try to play at the same level as everyone else, but if Sally was in the bleachers, I’d hit the ball out of the park and jump to first base in four leaps; or drag the bike racks out into the parking lot to get a rise out of everyone. I didn’t always depend on my strength to enlighten my teenage dream either. I also liked to catch the teacher off guard with a tricky question. My telepathic instincts tipped me off to many insights.
Instant popularity was what Sally had. She was beautiful, young and fresh. With bright green eyes and a laugh that lured people in to her whiles of amusement and fun, she was just the right mix of charisma and confidence.
I liked to draw a large crowd in the classroom by putting on one of my magic shows. With practice, I learned the skill of ‘sleight of hand.’
Sally wanted to see one of my tricks. I sat in a chair at the front of the class with my back to the students and faced the chalkboard. Taking a piece of chalk, I crushed it in my left fist. My open right hand had a single sheet of blank paper set on it. I asked the class to select a student to silently walk up behind me and touch my back.
Sally Coppler was selected, though Domin was a close second. Sally moved as silent as a cat. She wasn’t sure about me at all. Cautiously she approached me. After a quick bashful tap, she spun and high tailed it back to her desk like she was getting away with something.
I moved my left fist over so it was held over the blank paper. By grinding my fingers, the chalk dust sprinkled onto the paper. Slowly, I moved my dusty left hand back to my left side so the others behind me could see it. With each of my hands held out at either side I began to count backwards from ten to raise the suspense and anticipation.
When I reached, one; I jumped out of my seat and slapped the chalk covered paper to the chalkboard. As the paper dropped I turned to the class without looking at what remained on the chalkboard.
Everyone gasped in awe when I asked, “So who was it who tapped my back?” 
No one answered as the identity of the student’s face was displayed upon the chalkboard as clear as a black and white photograph. I turned to admire the portrait of Sally Coppler. It was such a likeness the teacher didn’t erase the depiction from the chalkboard for a week.
No matter how my school-mates begged, I never gave away the secrets of my tricks.
We had a very old fashion school. It was one room and many grades. My teacher, Mr. Dalton, however wasn’t so old fashioned. He impressed us constantly with his wealth of knowledge. When he and I first met, he spoke like a scientist. That was when our conversation turned to the topic of communication. I tried to explain to him how the alphabet didn’t need to exist and how it was possible for people to read and speak with numbers alone. I seemed to lose him though when I gave him some examples how this could be done. “With this method, numbers would come easier to people who’d otherwise have trouble with them.” I explained.
Though he couldn’t quite follow what I was saying, Mr. Dalton was impressed by the pitch behind the theory.

My mother was asked to assist a special top secret organization. The company was called NICAP – the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena. This was the leading organization for dealing with everything and anything to do with extra-terrestrial contact. Gastonish agreed to be an associate and offer her comments to many cases involving alien encounters and abductions. All of this came shortly after a little girl named Genny came to the island briefly. Gastonish was affiliated with them for a short time but speculation of Gastonish’s comments and involvement affected open investigations poorly. My mother quickly declined any involvement with NICAP.

One boy at school, ‘Domin,’ knew how to push my buttons. He was the class bully and he would’ve gotten away with so much if I wasn’t there to keep him in check. The children knew if I chased them it was all in good fun, but if Domin chased them, they ran for their lives. Domin was larger than his peers and almost as large as me. He loved to roughhouse with them. Other than his merciless acts of so-called ‘fun,’ Domin was a very quiet boy who kept to himself.
Scars covered Domin’s entire body like a road map. Most of the scars looked old like he had been under countless surgical procedures his entire life, but the three distinct cuts on his cheek from his recent encounter with a grizzly bear were still fresh.
I assured the students that I would protect anyone who was threatened by Domin. In the playground, every so often, a child would run to me and say, “Domin is chasing me.” Sure enough, Domin would come charging around the corner of the school growling and threatening the children. At a glance, Domin looked at me and the violent redness of his eyes left him. He grunted and gave me a scornful gaze.
With a snort, he turned and walked away, until one day, I encountered Domin angrier than ever. A young boy ran into me from behind. He was shaking and unable to speak. Domin was running for him, his clothes fluttering ferociously with each threatening tread under foot. He was at attack speed. As Domin dived for the kill, I grabbed him out of the air and lifted him up by his shirt. He clawed and ripped at my sleeve.
While I held Domin in the air, I turned to the boy and asked, “What did you do to make Domin so angry?” the boy had fallen to the dirt and was in a state of fear and shock.
Another student spoke for him. “Jeremy told Domin he was a big dweeb because he was scared of you.”
Domin struggled to be free and said, “I’m not scared of anyone!”
“Jeremy also told Domin that he leaves children alone when you’re around, Eddy.” The little chattery girl spoke. “Because he’s scared of you.” she added at no extra charge.
It was clear what was going on, “Is this true?” I asked, but before I could get another word in, Domin ripped off my sleeve and started clawing at my arm. I shook him to distract him. It was difficult for him to scratch through my thick grey, tough translucent skin, but he finally managed to gouge his fingers in enough to draw some scarlet blood.
Domin kicked me in the face.
I was about to throw him when he ripped at his own shirt and fell from my grasp.
Not only did he land on his feet, but he bounced back at me. The impact of his combined weight and strength was enough to knock me to the ground. Like a cat, Domin pounced on top of me while I was down. I didn’t think to fight back or escape, I simply wanted to defend myself. I took him by his hair and yanked him off. He came at me again ruthlessly, as he jabbed a fist out to strike me, I grabbed his arm and used his momentum against him. “Why can’t you just come to school to learn like everybody else?” I asked him.
“Why?...” Domin began to speak, but I wouldn’t let him finish.
Holding his fist I made him punch himself in the face repeatedly as I said, “A-E-I-O-U!”
Domin looked up at me. His face was puffy and his eyes appeared somewhat dazed, saying. “And sometimes, ‘why?’”
Picking him up, I sent him flying into a bush. He crawled out from under the bush with burning eyes of vengeance. Growling low and sinister-like, his primitive rage bellowed out a deep menacing roar.
I roared back at him like the explosion of a thunder-clap.
With incredible speed, Domin ducked back into the bush and disappeared into the woods. Mysteriously, he disappeared that day and soon after, a lot of activity took place amongst the officials of the island as they tried to locate him. As usual, a huge island wide search was organized and carried-out with military vehicles, search and rescue boats and helicopters. With all of the efforts put forth, Domin was eventually found. I was heavily interrogated but no charges were ever filed against me.

Mr. Dalton took the whole class out for a field trip into the jungle forest of the island. Sally and Domin were also with us as we all set out on foot through the trails. Mr. Dalton tried to explain different plants and their nutritional value. I ate all of the plants. It didn’t matter if it was moss, roots or mushrooms. From a small taste I could tell the percentage of a specific vitamin, the nutrition level along with the medical benefits, if there were any. Mr. Dalton scribbled into his note pad franticly to keep up with me as he tried to write down everything I said so he could later verify it.
“How are you able to do that, Eddy?” Mr. Dalton asked as he was astonished by my incredible gift.
“I just taste it, and I know.” I answered as it was all just that simple to me.
Mr. Dalton frowned and stopped writing. He didn’t believe I really had this ability and accused me of pulling a well-conceived prank.
Other classmates tried to eat the plants that were Edible to me, but they all agreed the plants tasted disgusting.
Domin asked me to eat a plant that he knew was very toxic and poisonous. “Here, eat this.”
I took the plant and ate the whole thing quickly. The other kids snickered. When Sally figured out what happened, she raised her voice. “Mr. Dalton! Eddy has eaten a poisonous plant. What’re we going to do?” 
Domin stood back with wide eyes and wondered if I was going to die right in front of the class. Mr. Dalton urgently searched his pockets for his radio communicator. “Blast, I can’t call for help! We’ll have to get back to the school right away!”
“Mr. Dalton?” I called the teacher, “I knew the plant was poisonous before Domin handed it to me. I’ve eaten it before.”
I admit I was a bit of a show-off. I just wanted to prove that it wouldn’t harm me.
Chapter 16

A FEW WEEKS LATER, at the end of a school day, the usual group of kids, myself included, waited for Jay to come and pick us all up and drive us home from school.
Within my ear, Evon’s voice relayed a message from my mother. She was at the cave and she needed Evon to assist Xonox with collecting insects for a new project she was working on. She believed she could find a way to make the newly collected live specimens grow to the size needed to nourish the Zandith Crockmior lifeboat.
I called it a long shot, nevertheless with a thought, I sent Evon to help my mother. Inconspicuously, I threw a stone into some bushes at the other side of the road. The other children responded to the sound of the stone snapping through the bush. With the kids distracted, I let Evon launch from my ear. In a blink of an eye, my sertz was gone. 
Faintly, I could hear our ride rolling closer by the minute.
As Jay dropped each of the students off at their homes, his driving became reckless. Telepathically, I was still weak with humans but I could read enough from him to know he was careless on purpose.
My stop came up next, but Jay drove right past it. When he stopped to let the next kid off, I asked him, “Why didn’t you stop for me?”
“Oh, sorry, I have a lot on my mind. Don’t worry I’ll get you to where you belong.” Jay replied quickly, but I was all the more cautious about his intentions.
“Can’t you just turn around?” I asked.
“I’ll handle it, I said!” Jay snapped at me.
Telepathically everything screamed, ‘Danger!’ Then I wondered, ‘How dangerous can Jay be? All he does is drive kids home from school.’
When I was the last passenger, he continued up the road. It was clear he wasn’t going to turn around, but where he wanted to take me was a mystery.
“You’re going the wrong way!” I told him sternly. “I have to get home now!”
“This is a short-cut!” Jay shouted out his window. With a flick of his wrist, he turned on the radio and the heavy metal music thundered from his cab.
‘Short-cut? I know these roads well enough and this is no short-cut. He’s taking me up the mountain!?’ Driving quite high, the road dropped off to a sharp cliff to the right of us. ‘What would Jay want with me?’
Swinging the truck around a sharp corner, rocks and dust jetted out in our wake. I couldn’t just jump out. Nevertheless, the momentum threw me right out of the pickup.
I hit the ground so hard I could’ve broken my neck. My ankle was injured.
Jay hammered on his brakes and skidded to a stop over the dry dusty road. After a little gear grinding, his white reverse lights came on. The truck’s engine squealed and his tranny moaned as his truck approached me. After he got out he slammed the door very rash. Dirt crushed under his boots with each step.
I wanted him to come to his senses and help me.
“My leg!” I told him, “I think it’s broken!” I played into my pain to make it seem worse than it was.
“Great! Damaged goods.” he grumbled, “What am I supposed to do about it, freak?” Jay said. He wiped his nose with his sleeve before he slapped his leg. Dust formed a small cloud around his thigh as he looked at me shaking his head. “Thanks a lot. You couldn’t just stay in the truck?” He was frustrated and disappointed with me. “I hope your foot isn’t hurt too badly. They might try to take it out of my cut.”
“Jay, look at me!” I said, trying to talk sense into him. “I can’t move. Please, just go back to my house and bring my mom here, she’ll know what to do.”
“Oh...” Jay sarcastically sighed. “Does Eddy want his mommy? Look, we don’t have time for this. Now get your grey freakish-butt in the truck so we can get out of here!”
Violently, Jay grabbed my shoulder and tugged me toward his truck. He found out the hard way, he wouldn’t be able to lift my three hundred and forty pound body into the back of his pickup so easily. “Come on, get into the truck. I’ll drive you to town.” Jay promised.
After I climbed into the back of his truck, we continued racing throughout the windy dirt roads. I tried to figure a way out. Evon was bound to return to me soon. How long would my mother need his assistance? I had never felt so helpless.
When we stopped, I wanted to sit up and look at my surroundings, but I couldn’t. I suspected Jay had a gun. He kept thinking about his rifle. My ankle felt better but I continued to lay still and play dead, just listening.

Yanking the tailgate down, Jay ordered, “Okay, get up!” he paused in my silence. “C’mon, I know you’re playing possum, you lumpy freak!”
Grabbing me by the scruff of my collar, he tried to drag me off the edge of the tailgate.
Bracing myself so I didn’t go over, I looked at Jay to see what he was going to do next. His eye brows crashed into one another and wrestled. His face went red and he began to grit his teeth.
I suddenly remembered the same expression from one of the laborers who helped my mother and I move to the island. His face was just as tense back then when he tried to lift one of my heavy weights. It wasn’t a coincidence. Jay was the same man. But it still didn’t make any sense... ‘Why?’
His heavy boots pounded as he entered the pickup box. I shivered. ‘I couldn’t be scared of a human, could I?’
Standing up fast, I knocked Jay over the edge of the box. The pain in my ankle was far greater than I expected it to be when I applied my weight to it. Losing my balance on my wounded ankle, I fell over the opposite side of the box.
Jay started talking. I wasn’t listening to what he said though. I knew by the tone of his voice, he was injured also and angrier than ever. Struggling and squirming on the ground I managed to flip myself onto my back. Covered in dust, I heard Jay open the door of his pickup.
“I should’ve done this from the beginning!” Jay said with the sound of metal clicking. The sound was just like the loading of a rifle.
The truck door slammed shut and my body tensed. I heard his feet shuffle around the front of the truck quickly. Sure enough my worst fears became reality. Jay was holding a rifle.
 “What are you?” Jay said as he pointed the barrel of his rifle at my face. “Are you the new elephant man? Look at your skin, kid. It’s grey, like a shark!”
I tried to jump and escape in a final attempt to survive, but I was too slow. Jay fired the rifle and I felt the bullet strike me in the back.
I tumbled forward off the edge of a cliff. At the bottom of the steep embankment, I struck my head on a rock.
“Well, it looks like you are human.” Between his wisps of air, he went on. “The evidence is all over you... red blood...”
Dropping his rifle, Jay slid down the hill. Running to me, he swung his leg back to kick me. As he swung his leg forward I reached up and grabbed his ankle. When I caught it, I squeezed until his ankle cracked in the palm of my hand. I had to do it. I had to make him stop.
Jay screamed as if he was dying. Pulling out his hunting knife, he stabbed me in my forearm. I let go of him. Now, we were both screaming out in pain. I pulled the knife out of my arm and felt something dangling at my back. My vision began to blur. Still I managed to brush my back up against a nearby tree. Something came out of my skin. I turned and found a dart lying on the ground at the base of the tree. It was a tranquilizer dart. 
Shaking my head, I tried to clear the effects of the drug.
Crawling and dragging his injured leg behind him, Jay climbed up the steep cliff.
Slowly pursuing him, I followed him to be sure he wouldn’t try anything else. I fought the effects of the tranquilizer. Looking over the edge of the cliff, I saw Jay crawl to a cabin beyond his truck.
Observing the property of his rundown homestead, I saw strange inventions undoubtedly created by Jay. They looked like bicycles because they were powered by pedals. One heated coals, for heating metal perhaps. Others had sharpening stones attached to them and other things I couldn’t recognize. Strangely they were all designed with the same basic concept of bicycle pedaling.
Behind his cabin, was a bathhouse and further back was his bright red outhouse.
The front door to the cabin swung open and Jay crawled out. He was holding a first aid kit and a round of rope.
I wanted to run but my body was still fighting the effects of the tranquilizer drug. The pain from my ankle and stab wound contributed to my decision not to attempt an escape.
Jay limped as he returned to me.
I could do nothing to fight him off. Turning me over onto my front, he tied my legs and arms back. Grunting through the pain, Jay used his knee to press against my back as he pulled his knots tight. When I saw he brought the first aid kit, I only felt slightly better. 
Opening the kit, I heard him messing around with the contents.
I said nothing. I didn’t want to discourage him. Besides, the tranquilizer kept me from moving my mouth enough to speak.
After about five minutes of messing around with the first aid kit, I heard the lid click shut. He began crawling toward his cabin. It was obvious Jay wasn’t concerned with my wounds at all.
He left me bleeding and struggling to free myself from my bonds. While I did this, I remembered the hours I trained as an escape artist. I always freed myself from my mother’s best knots.
Jay didn’t tie a very difficult granny knot. My hands were free in about two minutes. I pulled the ropes with my arms and pushed with my legs creating tension. Then the ropes relaxed and loosened off.
Noticing I was free, Jay began hopping toward me. “Stop right there, freak!”
The hopping was no good. Jay couldn’t keep his balance and fell flat on his face.
The tranquilizer made me so light headed I barely kept myself together. Crawling on my hands and dragging my feet, I slid back down the steep edge to a clearing at the bottom. Above me, I could hear Jay shuffling over the steep ridge. The air around me was thick with hot coarse dust and it choked me. I couldn’t keep my eyes from closing. The effects of the drug were too strong after all. 
When Jay landed beside me, he startled me as he forced me to sit-up against a wooden structure.
“Look at me!” he commanded, “You’re obviously not from our world, but my people will know how to deal with your kind!”
Using his skeleton key, he unlocked a pad-lock that hung beside my head. While he was fumbling with the lock, Jay flinched his hunting knife inches from my face. “Don’t try anything.” Jay warned. I looked behind me and found the wooden structure was a door to a small square crate.
“Open it.” Jay commanded ignorantly.
Fumbling with the key, I managed to get the door open. Jay impatiently ordered me to enter the box. It was cold inside. The wood of the structure was old and grey but strong. It was an old crate that was half buried in the side of the sandy slope.
“Get in!” Jay commanded with a thrust of his knife. 
I shook my head, non-compliantly.
Again Jay waved his knife for me to get into the crate. The blade came much closer and more aggressively. His eyes were cold and crazed with darkness and hate.
‘How could this be the same Jay?’
Before I realized it, Jay had shoved me into the box. Slamming the door, he locked me inside.
My skin felt irritated and itchy as though millions of insects and spiders were crawling and scurrying over my body. I was so scared and alone in the darkness. Alone and cold... Ice cold.

Through my nightmares I ran various scenarios through my mind. I needed to find a reason for Jay’s resolve. I came up with motives why he might want to kill me but nothing added up. How could my death benefit him? Did he want to tell the military a story that wasn’t true, so he could get away with it? Get away with what?! Was I so threatening to humanity? Perhaps it was all just a test. Jay was being used to create a situation to find my limitations in a high risk situation, but I couldn’t make sense of this either. Phasing in and out of sleep, I wasn’t sure what was real or made up.
Remembering how strong my mother was on the alien vorogon, I felt we were as good as dead so how was this situation any worse?
I heard Jay working with metal parts on top of my crate. It sounded like a thick braid of rope was being pulled through a metal ring.
Evon’s red lights appeared inside the box with me. Its eye optics lit the interior of the box.
“MY LORD, I FOUND YOU.” spoke the little robot. It was a welcome sight for my young helpless eyes.
“Evon!…” I wasn’t sure if I was still dreaming. No matter, I spoke to my sertz, premonition or not. “I need you to find Gastonish and give her an urgent message.” In a lower, raspier voice, I spoke. “Tell her, I’m in trouble... Show her the way here!... Priority one… Hurry!... Go now!” With no reply, Evon disappeared through a small gap in the boards.
I heard a distant thumping of the wind that grew louder upon approach... A helicopter.
The metal on top of the crate was tugged firmly when the entire crate was forcefully pulled skyward. I felt the momentous swing as my crate was brushed through the tree tops.
My crate swung forward as though the helicopter changed direction. Clearing the trees, I felt the momentum of being pulled higher and higher. The thunder of jet fighters darted past me. Then an air-bound dogfight erupted. Strong lights of aircrafts and gunfire sheered through the cracks of my crate. A distant voice bellowed orders through a megaphone.
‘Would the rope snap in the next second? Was I going to fall to my death?’
Sounds of rockets burned and sizzled past amongst the ammo fire. Then explosions surrounded me. The rope holding my crate did snap. Gravity distorted. I fell and the fall seemed to last forever as I tumbled into eternity. I let go of everything and let the situation have me. I welcomed death.
The sound of a ricochet bullet twanged through the corner of my crate. I felt my weight return as the falling crate began to stabilize and slow. Cold seawater flooded in through the boards. Suddenly the crate lifted and the water drained out. The lock on the crate twisted apart and fell off. When the crate touched down on the ground, the door crept opened.
Shifting my weight forward, I rolled out with gravity’s assistance. As I fell forward, I bumped into something... Something invisible and it held me.
“Eddy, I’ve got you.” It was my mother. “Who did this?” Gastonish demanded with great concern. It took me a moment to slow my spinning perception and realize we were on the stony shore of the island.
“Jay...” I answered meekly.
Gastonish’s volk suit was warm and vibrant. Her arm slid over my shoulders as she sat down next to me. “Where is he honey, I want to see him.”
I felt secure in her warmth. “No!” I told her, my voice cracking. “He will hurt you too... He’s evil!”
“No, Eddy. No one will ever hurt us as long as we’re together. Now, stay calm and wait, someone will be by soon to help you!” somehow when Gastonish spoke I knew the nightmare was over and everything would be just fine. “I shouldn’t be found here with you. Promise me you won’t tell anyone I was here, okay?”
“I promise.” I vowed.
Unable to sense the presence of my mother any longer, I rolled over onto my hands and knees. Crawling, I tried to make some distance from the crate. My whole body throbbed with stiffening pain.
Moving a full branch of pine needles from obstructing my line of sight, I fixed my eyes on a human form who was running for his life up the steep mountain. It was Jay. He was suddenly swept off his feet and thrown through the air. Jay’s body struck against a thick tree trunk before he crumpled to the ground like a rag doll. I heard the authorities of the island approach him on foot.
Someone ghost-like moved around Jay’s body. He made no reply. I couldn’t identify who it was, even though only my mother could conduct herself with such strength while completely invisible.
Jay awoke and cautiously observed his surroundings. His body was bloodied and battered and his face was twisted with pain. Responding to the footsteps with a terrified scream, Jay heard the foot falls amble sharply toward him.
Gastonish’s face appeared in a pink glow of her suit’s radiant energy.
When Jay saw this he was overwhelmed with fear. The amplified fury of my mother was a mystical force not to be toyed with.
Targeting this man as a threat to me, my mother crippled him and really emphasized the hurt.
Knolix Island authorities quickly located me and took me in to be examined and cared for before hours of grueling questions. Later I was returned home to my mother.
Chapter 17

DISCONNECTED FROM BOTH space and time, I awoke in response to a prickly feeling on the back of my neck and looked up. Startled, I focused my eyes and stretched gingerly as a skeptical frown tightened my expression. There was nothing familiar about my surroundings. Electronic components beeped to repetitive patterns. I was in a clean and sophisticated doctor’s office. People scurried around my bed busily. Bandages dressed my wounds.
My wounds still pained me. When no one was paying attention to me, I whispered. “Evon, ease my pain.” I wanted to see if Evon was still with me. A warm tingling sensation came over me and my pain vanished. Then I noticed a set of eyes boring into me. Reassured, Evon was with me, I drearily asked. “Nurse, how long have I been here?”
A nurse alerted the others that I was conscious over a com system. Approaching me, she asked, “You’ve been here for six hours. How do you feel?”
“Not bad.” shaking off my tiresome sensation.
The stab wound to my arm was stitched and gauze was taped in place. My ribs were sensitive but the bruises and swelling had already passed.
Dr. Vonn came in to check on me. He had me perform my regular stretching routine.
“Eddy, you were the victim of an unfortunate security breach.” Dr. Vonn began to explain, “Luckily the homing device implanted into your tooth allowed us to come to your aid as soon as we did. The man who abducted you was a spy from the Russian secret service. You are government property and you are very valuable to this nation.” He smiled to me, reassuringly. “You’re lucky to have friends who’ll risk everything for your safety.”
What I went through had a significant impact on my childhood, more so than the encounter with the Ornocks because it brought me so close to the limit of my mortality.

At the age of seven, which was the volk equivalent of a sixteen year old human, Evon came to me many times to offer assistance in moments of my despair. I never wanted advice from the tiny robot, but whenever I was alone seeking a peaceful moment to myself, there it was.
When Gastonish and I could no longer do anymore at the cave, we would telepathically link our minds. I could see the Ied era through her memories. Our world of volks was fascinating and through our mind link I fully understood why Gastonish wanted to go back. I saw my father, Mulunac and many other relatives whom my mother would recall for me. Not only did people dress differently than I expected, some didn’t look like volks at all, they were like insects. I thought everyone would be dressed in suits like the ones Gastonish and I wore, but they didn’t. Many of them wore cloths of fabric and not all volk outfits would glow.
The volks in Gastonish’s memories ranged in size from one and a half foot muscle bound babies, to over ten foot tall giants. I saw and recognized the top of an Ornock’s head. I asked Gastonish, “Where did the Ornock looking alien come from?”
“There are very few creatures from other planets who live on Verticus except for Vornocks.” Gastonish answered, as she vacuumed the corners of the cave with her futuristic boots. “Most of the other creatures aren’t capable of surviving on Verticus because they’ve adapted to their own planet’s environment. So, though we do have countless other lifeforms who co-exist with us in my time, they cannot survive on Verticus unless the environment was altered to fit them.”
Our boots from Verticus attracted dust and dirt particles. The soles of our boots lit up with ion light which sterilized the floor. As Gastonish walked throughout the cave she was also keeping it clean from dust and bacteria. The boots only worked indoors. The dirt and dust were then compressed into pellets of stone for easy disposal.
Developing my psychic sensitivity wasn’t easy. Reading into other peoples’ emotions took strict focused concentration.
At school, I became good friends with a young native boy, Kinta Beukemwa. He told me a little about the circumstances that brought him to the island.
Dawning a black head band, Kinta Beukemwa dressed like everyone else. Usually Kinta wore a thin sleeveless jean jacket over an out dated T-shirt. His clothes hung loosely over his thin lanky frame. Long jet black hair complimented his dark skin. Kinta seemed to always wear a dazzling white smile which attracted many young friends to his equally young complexion and gentle features.
A noticeable nod to his background was his necklace of coloured beads; green, rusty reddish browns and greys. On his right wrist Kinta wore an assortment of leather bracelets, while on his left wrist a wide brown leather band was fashioned with a watch set into it and he had it held together with a large brass belt buckle.
With no knowledge of his childhood, all Kinta remembered was being cared for by military personnel at a base in Canada. His past was a mystery. “Was foul play involved on the military’s part? Most likely there was.” Kinta speculated. The strangest part of his situation was how he was found on the military complex hiding in the boiler room. Upon the discovery of Kinta, his body was infected with a rare but deadly complex virus. Kinta’s body was thin, bruised and lifeless, but since the time he was discovered by the military, our nation’s efforts were successful at containing the virus in the short term so it was no longer lethal or contagious, but it was an aggressive mutagen and had never been fully extracted from his blood. Some experts worried about the global implications if the virus were to begin mutating out of control and pose a threat to the general public. Kinta was still expected to take countless medications, which were in trial testing stages, to fight off, or at least suppress the virus’s affects. If any symptoms of the virus were to resurface, Kinta would immediately be quarantined again. Just recently, he was re-evaluated and released from his sterile confinements.
Most kids were jealous about how much education he missed.

As the busy year continued marching past with no concerns to our current situation, my mother and I worked obscurely and relentlessly within the cave. Unable to properly preserve the dismembered anatomy of the original Zandith Crockmior L/X. 70% of the synthetic insect meat had to be discarded and thrown out. These salvaged parts were meant to be used as food stuff for the growing larva lifeboat. Without a proper method to keep the spare parts frozen, they were spoiled.
As distracting and disappointing as this obstacle was, Gastonish found a way around it. Using the romstrunn, she learned how insects of earth were chemically denied a chromosome which would allow them to grow substantially larger. The romstrunn contained detailed complex instructions how to extract the restrictive chemical and free the dormant chromosome. Within a sterile laboratory section of the cave, Gastonish performed the operation on the newly conceived insect eggs of various bugs. The tools she used were identical to the ones documented in the instructions of the romstrunn and created by the metal manipulative power of my lintin. Evidently, contrast to all of the problems Gastonish and I shared, we began to realize just how soon it would be before we could return home.

At the volk age of eight, which was equal to the human age of eighteen or nineteen, I still felt attracted to Sally Coppler. I expressed my feelings awkwardly.

Once, when the lunch bell rang and I felt confident it was my time to win the love of Sally. In the classroom I wanted to ask her out right then and there. Standing up from my desk, I walked over to her.
She looked up to me with her dreamy innocent green eyes. “Hey, Eddy, do you have the time?”
“Oh, yeah boy, it’s two flirty… Ung… I-I mean; thirty…” I drew a nervous blank then asked, “Is your pen leaking?”
“No,” she replied with a slight giggle.
“You can borrow mine if it does.” I offered ungainly.
I never felt so stupid in my entire life. I went back to my desk while everyone was snickering and laughing at me. I sat with my head down and felt like it was over. She would never go out with me now. I thought, ‘Not only does she see an ugly, lumpy, grey kid, but he makes stupid comments too.’ With my head down on the desk, I let out a deep breath in my despair.
“Eddy?” whispered a female voice. I snapped my head to the right and fixed my eyes on Sally. She was smiling at me which sent electricity through my twin spines. She was looking at me when she whispered, “My pen is broken. Could you fix it?”
My heart skipped a beat. She tossed me her pen and I tossed her mine. When I examined her pen, I found the ball point was gone. It seemed strange the pen wasn’t leaking ink. I twisted the pen open to examine the ink cylinder inside, but the pen was stuffed with paper and the ink cylinder was missing. I unfolded the paper and found a clever note addressed to me, which read;

Eddy,

Thanks for the offer, it was really sweet,
but next time you want to ask me something,
don’t hesitate.
No need to beat around the bush.

P.S. Do you think you can help me with the ten questions for chapter five?

Truly yours,

Sally C.

A powerful feeling surged through the fibers of my body again. I felt like I could change the world. My smile stretched from ear to ear and nothing could hide my noticeable blue blush. The embarrassment of my facial expression was uncomfortable for the last half hour of class. Unable to wipe the grin off my face, I coincidentally caused a stir amongst my peers.
Domin looked around the room at the laughing students. Unable to figure out what everyone was laughing at, he asked, “What? What’re all you goofballs laughing at?” Between looking around at each of the giggling students, Domin paused and glared at me suspiciously.
“A very good question, Domin. I missed the joke too.” The teacher inquired. “Would one of you care to let me in on it?” When Mr. Dalton addressed the students, everyone tried to snuff out their laughter with giggle bursts and cracking smirks. Impatient with the silliness, Mr. Dalton resumed his lesson.
Kinta was the only one who did nothing to conceal his smile, but a bright display of teeth was common for him. 
After school, I ran to Sally. I covered a great distance in an absurdly short time, but loved how the wind whipped at my face as I travelled up the road. Sally was already well on her way home. “Hi Sally,” I called. I startled her a little.
“Oh, hi Eddy. Do you live down here?” Sally spoke angelically.
“No, I live the other way.” I pointed behind me with my thumb. 
“Eddy, are you walking me home?”
‘Was it that obvious?’ I wondered. “What?... Me? Nnnnooo. U-unless you want me to.” Her smile seemed so inviting. “I-um, well-ya, yes. I suppose I am. I thought I could help you with those ten questions of chapter five.”
“Oh, thank you, Eddy. This is great!” Her eyes gleamed and her face seemed to glow like the sun. We walked for a long while as I babbled about the homework questions. At a glance, I realized she wasn’t really paying attention to me.
“You have a long way to walk each day.” I noticed sincerely.
“Ya, it seems no matter where I live it’s never close to the school.” Sally told me. “Even here, on a small uncharted island.”
I rubbed the back of my neck uncomfortably before I asked, “Sally, I often wondered what it was that brought you and your family to this island?” A moment of silence made me regret asking the question. “You don’t have to answer if you feel the question is too personal.”
“Well, it is personal.”
“I’m sorry.” I dropped my head to find a quick topic to redeem the conversation.
“It’s okay, I guess.” she giggled unnervingly, “I’m a hacker. One day I was following up on a rumor I overheard through a highly secured Internet chat-line. The jargon people used there was difficult to follow, but I wrote down some of their strange lingo. As I suspected, they were references to passwords. They took me into secure government files. I did it just for fun. I mean, all I wanted to do was to see how far I could get. I was just about to give it up when I found a small opening through a back file. I was in. I found myself in forbidden territory. I began to download as many encrypted files as I could. Some of the information was about this island. Something is going on here. Something more than you and I can see but I’m not sure what... yet.”
“I agree. I too have my suspicions about this place. It’s so mysterious.” Looking around, I found nothing out of the ordinary. Still, my intuition remained the same. 
“Anyway, the hack was totally exciting, until a warning began to flash on my monitor. An immaculate government picture, like a flag, filled my screen. A small window appeared at the top left corner of the screen. It was of a decorated general in real time who said, “You have violated government protective files. You’re under arrest.” I was shocked and didn’t remember exactly but the general on the screen began talking about how it was impossible to escape and how I was in big trouble. I jumped back from my computer and called my parents in the hopes they could miraculously set things right. Next thing I knew, we were all arrested and interrogated. They knew exactly what files I breached, despite my lies. The consequences led me and my parents here to this strange island, the very island I was hacking into. I don’t believe my parents will ever forgive me.” She turned her head away from me shamefully. “So, why are you here?” Her voice cracked when she asked me that question.
“I am one of those government secrets.” I said, though it seemed rather obvious to me. “Are you okay?” Concerned, I placed my hand on her shoulder.
She turned quickly and my hand dropped. “Of course.” Sally threw her arms around me.
“I’m surprised one of those files you found weren’t about me. What government files did you stumble onto anyway?”
Chuckling nervously, Sally slid a step away from me. “You’ve got some nerve.” On the defense Sally wiped her eyes with her fingers. “You think I’m going to disrupt my parole this way?”
“How can you affect your parole when it’s only the two of us here?”
“Only the two of us, Eddy? Ya, right.” She obviously believed we were surrounded with surveillance equipment. Only, I didn’t believe there were people hiding in the bushes. However, I couldn’t rule out the possibility either.
“How well do you think you know me? I can detect when others are watching us. You’re safe with me.” I told her.
“I don’t know…” she shook her head. “Weren’t you almost subdued and abducted by the town’s bus driver?”
That comment embarrassed me and she knew it.
As we walked around a turn in the road, I noticed the forest created a domed hallway over our path. There, we came to an old bridge built of stone. It was very solid under our feet and the ivy vines which grew over it couldn’t have been more beautiful in my dreams. She stopped to look over the edge at the small trickling creek. The tranquility of the babbling water relaxed us both. Examining the vines, I traced their climb up the stones and over the edge of the arches below us.
Sally seemed happy to be with me, but I began to bring my own feelings into question. I felt as though I didn’t belong. Was it because she was a human and I was a volk? I walked her to her house and said good-bye. I thought I could feel her emotions switch from love, to disgust, to hiding secrets and wishing she was somewhere else. Believing I concealed my discomforts well, I couldn’t be sure if my intuitions were correct. I was such an amateur at reading people’s emotions without the assistance of my sertz.

When the weekend arrived, I slept all day Saturday but it wasn’t easy. I kept waking up. Struggling with whether or not I should pursue Sally, my mind said, ‘no,’ but my heart insisted, ‘yes!’ I was a volk with plans to cross a great distance through space and time, never to return. Yet could she be reason enough for me to stay? I went over and over the possibilities coming to no definitive solution.
Finally, Evon helped me to nod off.
Sunday morning, I awoke to the scent of mystery in the air. Gastonish invited me to sit outside with her while we enjoyed a hot cup of tea and welcomed the new day. While Gastonish and I relaxed in conversation on the front porch, the sound of horse hooves came clomping lazily through a distant path. Both, Gastonish and I reacted to the sound and stood up simultaneously. Surely, the rider was coming our way. Through the thick forest, two horses appeared. Sally rode upon a brown horse with a white mark on its nose. She held the leather reins to a larger black horse. Following close behind her, the black horse neighed.
Waving and smiling at Sally as she approached, I called out to her, “Hi Sally, what brings you all the way over here and with an extra horse?” the sight of Sally made me smile on the inside too.
“Just passing through, partner.” cowgirl Sally went on. A cheerful expression blossomed from her smiling, radiant face, “How would you like to go riding with me?”
“A horse? I’ve never rode a horse before.”
“It’s easy, I’ll lead.” She scrunched her nose and giggled.
I walked to the horse and it backed away hesitantly.
Sally threw me an apple.
Catching it, I offered it to the horse with an open palm. It was the first time I fed a horse, but it felt great. After stroking the horse’s neck, it began to trust me. I climbed onto its silky, black, muscular hide. I was heavy, but the strong steed proved it could handle me. I waved to Gastonish, and she smiled and waved back to me. I saw approval in my mother’s eyes, but telepathically she warned me not to get too involved. Our plan was to leave earth and all the people too.
Sally and I rode very high along the steep mountainside on a very narrow path. We traveled up the cone shaped mountain further than the trail. From our height I could see for miles across the ocean.
“Sally?” I asked patiently, “How far do you plan on taking me?”
Sally pondered for a heartbeat before answering. “All the way to the top, big guy. All the way.” she started giggling, “I’ve brought a pack with me loaded with food. Let’s make a whole day of this.”
I stopped the horse, climbed off and walked to the edge of a cliff and gazed out at the view below.
The moment didn’t feel right. A chill ran through my body and penetrated me right to my bioluminescent bones. I turned to her to say something when Sally’s smile changed to concern. I could see how happy she was, thinking we could have some sort of relationship. It was a crazy idea though. The timing was wrong and we were just too different. I was a person of another species.
Sally dismounted from her horse and walked toward me. When Sally opened her arms to give me a hug I stopped her.
“Sally,” I began, “I hope you aren’t trying to start something here between us. I like you, a lot, but I don’t want to hurt you. Besides, you would probably be better off with someone who’s human. 
Sally dropped her head for a moment but when she looked back up at me her eyes welled up. She was about to say something, but before she could I reached up and took her hand. Her hand was so much smaller than mine and the pink colour of it stood out against my greyish blue hue. We couldn’t be more different. Looking at our hands, my gaze lifted and met Sally’s sad eyes. “Good-bye.” I told her abruptly.
Sally’s hand slipped out of mine as I turned and leaped off the cliff. I was only about ten feet away from a sluff of large rocks. Jumping down to the next stone, leaping ten feet at a time, I finally landed safely on a sloping base of stones. Running with wide strides, I disappeared into the woods.

I know, leaving the way I did wasn’t cool, but I had to stop the relationship before it started. The next day at school, Kinta felt sorry for Sally. He comforted her and asked her out. Sally did a one eighty, then she was happy all over again. ‘She must’ve really wanted a boyfriend to snag Kinta.’ I thought. From that moment, that guy was as much of a parasite as the virus he carried in my eyes. ‘I sure hope volk girls are different.’
For about two days, Kinta and Sally believed I had no idea about their secret relationship but everyone had seen them kissing.
My eyes found it hard to look at Sally and Kinta, yet it was harder still to look away. Jealousy revealed the ugly side of my emotions.
I didn’t know how much she meant to me until she was gone... ‘Perhaps I really was in love with her.’
Chapter 18

SUSPICIOUS SOUNDS in the surrounding darkness alerted us many times. Gastonish and I quietly crept out of our home. We followed our sertz into the woods. By the guiding lights of the little flying robot’s glowing eyes, we silently stepped through a path to where we hid our gear. Branches of trees, tropical leaves and vines were illuminated in the darkness for us.
A solid stone cliff-face had split in two. The crevasse led us between the tight, tall expanses of rock. Within the sixteen foot deep cavern, Gastonish had to move some sizable stones to get at the items hidden within; the romstrunn, lintin, boots and hickoop disks.
Causing our uniforms to slink and dress onto us, Gastonish and I moved quickly. We dressed into our energy gel suits and flew our hickoops through the stratosphere instantaneously. We were like a flash of lightning across the blood red sky. Not even the air force could detect us.
As always we shot right to the cave. My hickoop’s field of energy disappeared like the pop of a bubble. Gastonish’s pink hickoop likewise disappeared. Folding up the hickoops in the available moonlight, we attached them, in disk form, to our abdomens.
The air was cooler at the cave when Gastonish and I rolled the boulder aside. Entering the cave’s corridor and closing the entrance behind us, we made our way to the main inner sanctum. At the center of the crystal lit cave, the cocoon for the lifeboat stood tall and ominous.  Setting out on our regular routines, I floated about as I surveyed our progress. Checking the Zandith Crockmior lifeboat’s growth for any visual defects, I could also listen for a pulse by placing my ear against the outer wall of the cocoon. It was growing very fast. Everything checked out fine.
Checking on the insects we were growing, Gastonish prepared to feed them. Each species was kept separate and enclosed within twelve chambers that surrounded the main inner area. There were mosquitoes, honey-bees, male and female red and black ants, caterpillars, beetles, an assortment of spiders, cockroaches and cicadas.
Between the main room and each of the separate smaller rooms were short access hallways about ten feet long. Over the course of time Gastonish and I collected metal scrap. When we needed to build something, we applied the ability of the lintin. With it, we forged large solid doors. In order to enter one of the separate ‘bug chambers,’ we installed two sets of doors at either end of the short hallway. The two sets of doors were to keep the insects from escaping a chamber.
“I want to find a job tomorrow.” I suggested, but Gastonish didn’t even look up from the romstrunn. “This way we’ll have more money than the government gives us. What do you think?”
“This idea of yours, to find a job, I don’t think it agrees with the government’s plan for you. Where are you going to look?”
“Well, I can try the lumberyard in town, ‘Lugger Lumber.’” I answered confidently.
“Oh, don’t be silly, Eddy. You’re too young. They won’t hire a child.”
“I’m seven years old and stronger than anyone there. All I have to do is convince them to give me a chance. Besides, my volk age is equal to that of a young human man’s. I’m certainly qualified enough.”
Gastonish shook her head and turned away from me, “Go ahead if you feel that strongly about it. Who could stop you?”

With no written application, or any such previous preparation, I entered the office of the Lugger Lumberyard. The door chimed when it opened before closing heavily behind me. The office was filled with tools and other artifacts of the trade. Standing at the front desk were two men who decided not to continue their conversation at the sound of the closing door. To my left was a man digging through various bins of nails. He was the last to look up and notice me. The youngest fellow of the men stood with his eyes and mouth wide open. Like standing in the snapshot of a photo with everyone frozen in place, all eyes were locked on me.
“Hi, I’m Eddy, I’d like to apply for a job.” I stated with a friendly wave of my hand. The men began to laugh.
“What’s this?” asked the man on the left who pointed and chuckled, “A joke?”
The man in the middle approached me. “Ahh, hi, uh, my name’s Jack. Did you get authorization to apply for a job here by one of the island’s officials?”
“No.” I answered awkwardly.
“I don’t know if you wanted a laugh out of us or if you’re serious, but, ah, we don’t need any help at the moment.” He spoke very slow and slurred most of his words. “You should leave your resume with us before you go. Thanks for stopping by.”
“Is there someone I can talk to who’s in charge?” I was persistent, “I’d really like an opportunity to prove my worth here.”
“Oh, well, I am the uh, manager.” Jack said with a slight quiver in his voice.
“I hope you haven’t decided to not hire me because of my appearance.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, now slow down before you start making a speech. We do not discriminate.” He put one hand on my shoulder, smiled and gave a slight squeeze to my shoulder plate.
“What is that?” Jack squeezed my shoulder plates in several places as he examined me. “It sure ain’t no muscle.”
“I’m not exactly human, but when it comes to muscle, I’m the real deal.”
“Well, that’s quite a pitch. If you don’t mind, I need to make a quick phone call.” Jack approached the counter, “Why don’t you guys get to know one another a little bit? And be courteous.” Jack dropped his voice to a whisper. “Be very courteous. I don’t want any trouble.” Jack turned back to me for a moment and smiled smugly. He went into a small office and closed the door. He didn’t think I could hear his telephone conversation but I could. No doubt, he had standard operating procedures in place to report strange and unusual sightings, especially when it came to volks. After he spoke to the island officials, administration clearance was granted. When Jack returned he smiled and took me on a tour of the yard. I was asked some questions about their stock of lumber products. It surprised me how limited my knowledge was. I couldn’t answer many of his questions. Regardless of my lack of knowledge, I was hired on the spot.
My second day at Lugger Lumberyard was my first full day of work. I started at entry level for the job. I received minimum wage like everyone else. I asked to be treated fairly.
They had me empty garbage and keep the yard neat. While I was picking up metal bands from wood stacks and straightening up any mess the military contractors left behind, I memorized the different kinds of wood and their measurements. Casually, I worked around the other employees and spoke to each one. Usually, they wanted to see something of my strength in action, so I lifted something heavy until Jack came out and pointed his finger at us, warning us not to use excessive force which might be unsafe. He really didn’t want to see anyone hurt. According to him, the paperwork would be extensive.

I had a special ability to sense a person’s talent even if that person couldn’t see it for themself. When I spoke to the people, they felt I was really speaking to them on their level, connecting to them as I authentically cared for each one. On the Knolix Island the citizens began to shine with their own special abilities. I built a stage where I could lead people to find their talent. The citizens of the Knolix Island’s small town of Scamp discovered they were writers, directors, comedians, actors, public speakers, singers, DJs, dancers. All sorts of talents were discovered, encouraged and shared when I put it all together. A production was born and I barely did anything more than encourage people.
One of my other passions was the development of beautiful landscapes for people where I easily worked all night. When property owners woke up in the morning, they were surprised to find inspiring landscapes of art which were customarily unique for the specific person I was working for. In most cases, the island folk found the new paths and sitting areas in places where it was too steep, overgrown, rocky or otherwise unusable. Many people told me I was a creative genius.
The island people seemed to love me, but I knew, not everyone was happy with me, like Sally. She wasn’t speaking to me though I re-did the yard of her parent’s home with priority. Even Domin had a grudge, but Gastonish told me I would never be able to make everyone like me.

That night, Gastonish and I returned to the cave where I looked up at the tall cocoon built for the Zandith Crockmior lifeboat. “It looks like the lifeboat is about to break out of its cocoon any moment. Are you sure we have to wait as long as you predict? I mean, is there any possibility it can be ready in the next few days?” I wasn’t sure if I wanted to leave my home on earth.
“It’ll be ready very soon, but there’s still more progress to be made.” The blond Gastonish answered. “Besides, after the lifeboat has broken out of its cocoon, it will eat all of the insects I’ve prepared for it. If we rush ahead or miss a step it might jeopardize our mission. I want to start out as strong as possible or we’ll lessen our chances of returning to Verticus successfully.” She walked over to a cluttered work table and sat down on a stool. As she tinkered with the insect growth stimulating equipment, I realized she would attempt to go home and pay attention to every detail.
I wanted to tell her about my new job, but she wouldn’t understand. She just wanted to go home. News of my first job would just have to wait.
Besides, it was fascinating to grow this insect that would become our spacecraft so we could return home, crossing an unbelievable expanse of space and time.

After my first day of entry level work at Lugger Lumber, Jack told me he wanted to see me take more responsibility out in the yard.
Working at the lumberyard every day after class made the school week go by quickly. On the weekend, I was devoted to working full days. Walking into the lumberyard, I punched in. Darren and Burl were the only other ones there. The other employees would show up soon. We said our good mornings as I tried on the new work boots which were custom designed for my large feet. The sturdy boots seemed military rather than the standard steel toed safety boot that everyone else wore.
“Once again, we’re in for another slow weekend.” Darren started in a mumble. “When we started we could barely keep up with the demand, but lately business has been very slow.”
Burl came out of the office and approached me. He was Harley’s son, and Harley was the owner of Lugger Lumber. Not only was Burl a young healthy looking man, but he was very handsome also. He was used to getting what he wanted and it showed not only in the way he would strut around, but in the way he talked and dressed. Burl’s job was to build orders and make deliveries running the one ton truck around to the different construction projects. He kind of stuck out like a sore thumb, in his mirrored sunglasses and preppy hair-do.
“Eddy.” Burl began, “Let’s take a little walk, okay?” We walked throughout the warehouse and down the aisles of wood in the yard. I glanced back at the shed and noticed Jack and Harley were talking together. Occasionally, they looked my way. I felt uncomfortable.
“You’re very strong.” Burl began, “And you’re sure getting a good name around the yard as the one to call when help is needed. You’re kind of like the forklift-man, or Mr. Lifter.” I smiled at the humor. “Do you feel like the work you offer here is worth your while?”
“Yes,” I answered, “Why not?”
“Well, I know of some lumber hauling work that will be coming to this island tomorrow. They’re contracted to clear some hectares of this island for new development and they’ll also have to maintain the island’s agriculture. I bet your strength would be more helpful assisting them. Now, I’ve been talking to my father, you know, Harley? He really supports the idea. All day today my dad has been discussing this with Jack. Jack would rather have you stay with us, but my dad ultimately calls the shots. He always does. I think, very soon, it’ll be up to you if you go or not.”
I stood there for a moment, just wondering what was going on. ‘Was this a way to fire me? Drive me away? No, it was an opportunity for something better, right?’
“Burl!!!” Harley called, waving his arms to summon Burl.
“Hey.” Burl said to me, “Wait here, he might want to talk to me alone.”
I nodded to him and he ran to his father. Harley put his hand on Jack and Burl’s shoulders. He said something to them, nodded his head and walked out to me. 
Harley was a burly old man. His thick beard had grey patches. His wavy hair was likely very dark in his youth, but now it was completely grey. He dressed in a clean checkered red and grey shirt with suspenders and a black tie. With his belly hanging over his pants, a large golden belt buckle along with many gold rings were all part of his persona. He was a man of some importance.
“Hi, Eddy.” He welcomed, holding out his hand. The way his face tightened into countless small wrinkles when he smiled and the squinting of his eyes, I thought he was turning Asian.
Shaking his hand firmly, we both smiled at each other.
He chuckled and asked, “How’re you doing?”
Harley’s smile slowly vanished and with a deep exhale his features became cold and serious. “I don’t feel it’s wise for you to work here anymore.” There it was. I knew I was going to be fired. “How much are you making anyway?” Harley persisted. 
“Five dollars an hour.”
“Is that fair to you?”
“I only ask to be treated like everyone else.”
“But you’re not like everyone else, are you? Unless, of course, there are others like you?”
“No, sir. I’m the only one.” I answered quickly.
“All right,” Harley shook his head and composed himself professionally. “Let’s think for a moment. Instead of being paid five dollars an hour, how would twenty-five dollars an hour sound? Hell, I’ll make sure you’re paid fifty-five.” He eyed me carefully and added. “You have to work for it though. You can have it if you work under my supervision up at a logging camp. You see, I own this yard. You’re working for me and you can continue working for me if you agree to the new conditions.” He expected to find an ambitious response on my face of some sort.
“I want to work with loggers, Harley, but I’m very young and you’re talking about a camp. My mother would never go for it.” I explained.
“Camp for them. The loggers don’t live here, but you do.” He could see he wasn’t getting through to me. “Okay,” Harley replied, “Seventy dollars an hour, full time. Discuss it with your mother and give me your decision tomorrow morning.”

Racing home after work that day, I couldn’t wait to break the news to my mother. She called Dr. Vonn to verify everything I told her.
Sitting down we discussed everything. I could soon be making seventy dollars an hour as a lumberjack. I wouldn’t be able to help with routine check-ups on the Zandith Crockmior lifeboat, but we were able to find some very good uses for the money. Also, I was a volk and hard work was a welcome challenge. “You just never know, we may not be able to return to our world.” I told her. “If that’s the case, we’ll need money to survive here.”
“I’m concerned about your safety. Eddy, we’re so close now. Why must you complicate things?” Gastonish let out a breath. She knew how I felt and my thoughts. We never had any secrets between us. “Ultimately Eddy, I’ll leave the decision up to you.

At the break of day, I went straight to the lumberyard with my decision. Harley was there. It looked like he was expecting me. I said good morning to everyone, but in no time, Harley wanted to talk business. “Do you go to school Eddy?” he asked.
“Yes, but I’m going to let them know, I’m dropping out.” I said.
“Good idea.” He smoothed his hand over his beard as his eyes tightened in thought. “Ask the school if they’ll keep you signed up as a student for about a week or two before they remove you from their files. Tell them, you don’t intend to return, but it’s wise to keep your options open in case this new job doesn’t work out for you.”
“That’s a great idea, Harley.” It was nice to know the decision makers truly cared.
“Listen Eddy, work out everything with your school and be here at the yard packed with what you need by five O’clock this evening. I’ll have one of my logging trucks take you up to the camp tonight with a delivery.”
“Five O’clock.” I repeated silently to myself. “Sure, that shouldn’t be a problem. Thanks again Harley.” When I left, I felt like I was going to burst with excitement.
Things were really working out well for once.

Chapter 19

“OUR BULLDOZERS AND BLASTERS can make roads in no time allowing timber cruisers to go in before we do. They use their compasses, topographer and other devices to provide accurate land surveys. They also measure the lengths and widths of trees. When we come in and bring our heavy equipment, everything is already more or less done for us. So why do we have so many accidents still?” Harley paused a moment. “It’s dangerous!!!” he answered in a hard voice. “Don’t ever think you’re safe. Always be on your toes or you might lose them! Sure you don’t have to build a tent to sleep in each night, instead we have portables driven up and attached together. It’s like a home away from home. All people really want to see around here is hard work. Work hard and you’ll make lots of friends and earn respect.” 
We walked up beside a vehicle which grabbed some trees and cut them with an extending circular saw. The trees were cut in two seconds. 
“Eddy, say hi to Willie.” We waved at the driver and he nodded to us and went back to work. “Well, he’s busy, by the way, that’s a feller buncher. It grabs the trees and cuts them at the base. Trees that are in places too hard for the feller buncher or the tree limber to reach get special handling by a feller or a bucker and a faller. The faller is a man who cuts the tree down, like Robertson over here who seems to be taking care of the bucker’s job also.” Robertson was about a half a mile from where we were standing. Harley took two quick steps away from me toward Robertson. Cupping his hands around his mouth to amplify his voice, Harley shouted. “Robertson, where’s your bucker?!”
Robertson answered sincerely. “He quit, sir!” Robertson’s skin was as dark as skin could get. Compared to the other workers, Robertson was the most developed and I wondered if he had any background as a bodybuilder. His plaid shirt was unbuttoned at the chest and his sleeves were rolled up. His skin glistened with the sweet of hard work.
Harley rubbed his chest as he turned to face me. In deep thought he looked at me. “Can you handle being his bucker? It would only be until we can find a replacement, then I’ll bump you up.”
“Yes sir, I’ll take care of that, no problem.” I answered my boss with excitement and determination.
Harley swung around on his heels and yelled, “Robertson, I want you to take five and meet your new bucker!” Turning to me Harley spoke in a softer voice, “Consider your orientation over. Welcome to your first day on the job, Eddy.”
I shook Harley’s hand.
Harley and I hiked all the way to Robertson, who was bent down facing away from us fiddling with the mechanics of his chain saw.
“Robertson!” Harley called again. This startled Robertson, “Meet Eddy.”
When Robertson turned and looked up at me with his dark eyes, he seemed terrified by the sight of me. He calmed me down quickly when he realized I meant him no harm.
He had a wide nose and large lips and his hair was short, curly and grey all over. His clothes were stained, sweaty and dirty and probably wouldn’t look much better even after a wash. Standing up, he looked me in the eyes. He was six and a half feet tall, but I was seven and a half and still growing. Up close, Robertson’s body was still quite muscle toned and impressive for a human.
He didn’t say a word he just gave me a scrutinizing look.
“Nice to meet you Robertson,” I said and shook his hand.
Robertson began to laugh impressively loud and clear with his deep Nigerian voice and exchanged glances with Harley. His teeth were the whitest of white. I don’t know what made him start laughing, but I took it as a good sign.
“Eddy,” Harley began, “Tomorrow you’ll get started at the crack of dawn as a bucker and Robertson will show you what to do.” He didn’t give Robertson a choice.
“Excuse me, sir.” Robertson added. “Since the last bucker left, my cabin’s had an extra bunk.”
“Thank you, Robertson,” responded Harley. He didn’t seem to like good ideas unless they were his ideas. “I’ll consider that.”
Harley and I walked back to the office. On our way I met some workers named John, Marvin, Jake, Tom, Steve, and Daryl. Harley began telling me about the portables.
“All of the portables are attached.” Harley began, “They were hauled up here like trailer homes and connected together, forming this maze of a camp. The foreman’s office has a recreation wing. Also attached to this portable camp is the powerhouse generator and the cook house, which includes a mess hall. The rest are all sleep areas. These are referred to them as cabins.” We stepped inside the office where I retrieved my bag and Harley gave me a key to my cabin. As I was leaving, Harley called me.
“Eh, some people might call you a feller, it’s just a temporary name for bucker, just don’t get it mixed up with a faller like Robertson, who cuts trees down. See ya in the morning, Eddy.”
“Sure Harley. See ya.” I replied with a wave and a smile.
I walked out of the office into the recreation room. It was smoky and old as if it had been used a lot. I saw many empty tables and chairs, a dart board, ping-pong table, shuffle board, a small T.V. and one radio phone.
I went to Robertson’s cabin and punctured a small hole into the window screen with my finger. Amidst the sounds of the snoring lumberjacks, I told Evon, “Locate Gastonish and warn me if she’s in any danger.”
My sertz zipped out of my ear and darted through the hole of the screen. When Evon left, I began counting and it only took it eighteen seconds to find Gastonish and make a quick survey. I closed the window and slid into the only unoccupied bed of six in the room which seemed unused. The room had three bunk beds and I wasn’t going to sleep on a top bunk for fear of it collapsing under my weight.
“EDDY.” Evon began in a soft, quiet synthetic voice, “GASTONISH IS WORKING ON THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR L/X. I GAVE XONOX YOUR LOCATION. XONOX WILL CHECK ON YOU FOR NOW ON AT GASTONISH’S DISCRETION.” Evon, still hidden from sight, was close because its little red lights still lit up the shadows.
“Evon!” I said, “You have to turn off your lights.” Evon entered my ear. The red hue of its lights went out. One of the slumbering lumberjacks turned over and asked, “What’s going on?”
“Nothing.” I told him, “Just having problems with my radio head set.” Because I only require one day of the week for sleep, I was prepared to keep myself occupied while the others slept. I ducked my head under the covers and read manuals about standard operating procedures and how to operate heavy equipment. I also read the owner’s manuals for each piece of equipment. Reading these by the red lights of Evon’s eyes, my little sertz attempted to make me sleepy by singing softly in my ear, but this didn’t render its desired results.
Because its singing had no effect, Evon assisted me to telepathically learn the business of being a lumberjack. When I looked into the minds of my fellow bunk roommates, I found out a lot more than I cared to know. I learned the hard way not to look into people’s minds when they were sleeping.
Evon also taught me how to better understand the system of Lornel’s direction and much more. I found it hard to keep my muscles dormant until daybreak however the little sertz was very strict, teaching me continuously. It wasn’t easy to adjust to the little instructor. It had a big attitude. At first it was cute, but that quickly wore thin.
Evon’s discipline did make time seem to pass swiftly.

Up all night, learning about the micro-verse and how it related to the universe, I was taught well, but my heart just wasn’t in it.
Harley came to wake us. He was surprised to find me already awake. I tried to explain, “I don’t sleep like everyone else. Can’t I just keep working until I’m ready to rest? Can’t you find some way to keep me working through the night?”
Harley was going to look into it but it wouldn’t be easy to change human standardized practices and labor laws as long as he was accountable for me like he was his other employees. 
Robertson escorted us to the cook house. As usual, everyone had a tin tray and walked in single file along the cafeteria counter grabbing fruit and drinks.
The cook was very large. His belly and triple chins made his face seem too small and sunken. He plopped a heap of lumpy thick mushy cereal onto my tray. I frowned at the goop and took notice of his name tag, Chuckles Billadoe.
“What is this?” I asked as I screwed up my face looking at the slop.
“It’s good.” The cook said, “Real good. The kind’a porridge that sticks to yer bones.” he smiled with yellow, coffee stained teeth.
I could eat practically anything and it was a good thing too because I didn’t want to try any of it. How bad could it be? My mother had me eating insects after all. I tried a little with my finger. It was surprisingly good, in fact it was real good porridge. At the sight of the porridge I was about ready to eat my wooden chair for seconds. Chuckles and I exchanged smiles before I continued on.

At the end of the day, when Robertson was chopping down his last tree, I noticed a branch break away from the tree about twenty-five feet above. It headed for Robertson’s head. As I ran to him, he panicked. My feet thundered.
Holding his axe defensively Robertson attempted to chop my stomach. I grabbed his axe as I reached up and caught the branch above him. Swiftly, heaved it away. 
Robertson realized, “Y-you saved my life. A branch that big can paralyze a man for life.” he patted my shoulder with a bright nervous smile of white teeth against his dark complexion.

At supper, Chuckles Billadoe prepared some grub for everyone. “Chuckles?” I called when I passed near him. Chuckles perked his head up from the soup he was stirring. “Are you capable of making anything other than soup and porridge?”
Chuckle’s eyes widened with amazement. I wasn’t sure if I insulted him but I was sure getting a reaction out of him, “You! What’s your name?”
“Eddy.” I told him boldly.
“Think you’re a big man, eh? Think just cause you have big muscles you can just go around saying anything you wish, huh?” Chuckles tried to work me up.
“Not at all,” I retaliated with my hands up so he would ease down.
“Do you think you’re bigger than me?”
What kind of question was that? Was he trying to trap me? He was waiting for an answer, but if I told him he was bigger than me, he’d say I insulted his size. If I stood up and said I was bigger, I’d be accused of having a bloated ego. He set me up. Now I was playing right into his hands. “I am up for any challenge if you’re willing to dish it out. Come on, let’s prove who’s bigger.”
“Oh, ho, ho, ho, Give me your tray, Eddy.” he was making quite the spectacle of us. I handed my tray to Chuckles and he snatched it from me. My tray was loaded with food and I’m sure I was the hungriest in the room. I blurted out a laugh in disbelief. ‘He took my food!’ I couldn’t laugh any further and frowned down at my empty hands. A few of the men around me laughed. 
“Now take a seat. I have something special planned for you.” Chuckles smiled at me from over the counter. I gave him a stare that would turn most men to stone, but Chuckles was obviously not like most men. Reluctantly, I retired to a place at a table without anything to eat. The room was filled with lumberjack slurps, sucking chews and burps. Chuckles was busier than ever clunking things around in the kitchen. Every so often I could hear him burst out with fits of laughter. 
‘What’s he planning?’
“Hee-hee-hee!” another burst of evil laughter erupted. Chuckles was up to something and the suspense was contagious.
Others looked on in wonderment too.
I wanted to get up and go into the back to see what Chuckles was doing mainly because I was getting hungrier by the second.
Chuckles came out from behind the counter with two large pizza trays, one in each hand. On the trays were the largest hamburgers I had ever seen. The buns and patties had a diameter slightly bigger than the pizza trays. Each burger oozed with cheese and secret sauce plus an entire head of shredded lettuce. It was all sandwiched between two thick patties of lean ground beef.
Chuckles lifted the two trays of burger up over his head and yelled like a barbarian. “UNGA-BUNGA!!! Beef Steak Bronco Burgers!!!” The noise of the other lumberjacks halted.
Stepping toward me, he placed the two trays on my table. They smelled delicious.
My eyes bulged with delight and my mouth drooled. It was a dream come true to reach out for the burgers.
“Don’t touch!” he snapped. Stepping back to the counter, Chuckles returned with a pot of gravy.
Lifting my impossibly huge sesame seed bun, a waft of the most heavenly aroma hit me in the form of steam. I looked in under the bun and saw bacon, eggs, mushrooms and fried onions tantalizing my senses, but when he poured the gravy over it, he closed the bun with a sloppy slap.
The other lumberjacks gathered around and I noticed I wasn’t the only one drooling.
“The rules are simple.” Chuckles said. “Eat it! All of it! The first one done wins. The first one done is truly the biggest.”
“The biggest what?” a voice called out from the crowd.
Laughter circled me.
“No utensils, Chuckles?” I asked, looking around my burger not to find a knife or a fork anywhere.
He huffed at my ridiculous question.
“Let’s go!” he impatiently announced.
As the lumberjacks cheered, we both dived into our Bronco burgers at the same time. Neither of us could lift the things without destroying them. The burgers were just too heavy so we had to bend down to them, close to the table tops and just start shoveling it in.
Chuckles was no doubt, eating to win. He chomped off huge mouthfuls and swallowed again and again. He didn’t even bother to chew.
I gripped my burger at the front and worked my jaws around it. It was two times thicker than my mouth could open. Sauce, grease, and delectable gravy dribbled out the sides of our burgers and ran off the table and onto the floor. Chuckles really out did himself.
I had to squeeze my burger down with a firm grip in order to fit it into my mouth.
Chuckles had obviously done this before. He was a pro. So content and focused. He stopped with Bronco burger hanging out of his mouth, just staring at me.
I was still working my jowls to catch up to him. Then I noticed the distress in his eyes.
A little air squeaked out from Chuckle’s full open mouth.
“Chuckles is choking!” someone called out urgently.
Hacking twice through a wheeze of air Chuckles said, “Beer!”
In an instant an assistant cook quickly placed a full and frothy pitcher of beer on the table. Chuckles took it and chugged half of it back. After setting the half full pitcher back on the table, he instantly went back to stuffing Bronco burger in his mouth again.
The on-looking lumberjacks cheered so I jumped back into the race. 
When I reached for the pitcher of beer, Chuckles slapped my hand, “That’s mine!” he splat globs as he spoke. His mouth was right full then something fell from the corner of his pie-hole.
Before I knew it someone placed a second full pitcher of beer before me. We slopped and gulped. Our faces and hands were covered in the sheen of grease. Was there a more delectable mess? I felt like a child playing with my food. Three quarters of the way through the burgers, we started slowing down. The final part of the burger seemed to last forever.
The competition began to run in slow motion like a soldier traumatized from the horrors of a battle field. Every heartbeat was like a drum.
I can’t tell you what strength inside me pushed me to the next bite. ‘No Vacancy’ my stomach protested with a full load. ‘How is Chuckles handling this challenge? He is human, right?’
He was definitely in the lead, but how? I was a volk and for as long as I could remember I had always been the hungriest. If my meals weren’t enough, I would go outside our home and eat some vegetation of leaves or branches or bark. How unexpected, to have this human confront me with a larger appetite. How insulting. No, it wouldn’t happen. I couldn’t live with myself if a human out ate me.
Without a particular plan, I did what anyone would’ve done out of desperation and bubbled out a noise from deep within. The guttural sound gripped the attention of everyone in the room.
Chuckles stopped eating and looked up at me from across the table.
I put my hands down on the greasy table-top. My eyes locked with his. I stood and bent over the table, getting in his face with my mouth agape. With burger grub on the verge of falling out, I waved my upper body toward him and burped long and hard. My breath wafted his three hairs back. Content with this, I sat back down and continued to eat my burger as fast as I could. I had made a little extra room.
My plan had immediately taken some form of effect because, Chuckles was no longer eating. His Bronco burger diminished to the size of two or three bites, yet it still remained on his plate.
I didn’t care. All I wanted to do was win and put this nightmare behind me.
At the corner of my sight, I saw Chuckles cup his mouth and stand.
From the crowd, a voice shouted. “He’s gonn’a barf his Bronco burger!”
Chuckles wasn’t going to distract me with my own tactics. I wasn’t about to stop to look up. I wasn’t about to stop for anything unless he really did throw-up on me. My burger had almost shrunk to the same size portion as Chuckles’. The people around us backed away a fair distance, when Chuckle’s stomach made some digestive noises.
Down to my last bite, I moved it towards my open mouth.
“No!” Chuckles said, “I won’t give you the satisfaction!” He sat back down and frantically scarfed down half of what he had left.
Everyone started cheering.
“Chuckles! Chuckles! Chuckles!...”
Chuckles glanced at me, followed by a good long look.
I was looking at him contently with my greasy smile. Displaying my empty plate, I wiped it clean with my tongue.
The anger of Chuckle’s stare burned into me. Standing, he waddled behind the kitchen counter. Turning on the portable radio, he cranked up the volume. Music broke out in the mess hall. No one was really into the beat.
Pulling off his apron and throwing it on the floor, Chuckles appeared to be mad.
((-Boom, Boom, Chuck’a-Chuck’a-Chuck’a-Chuck’a - Boom, Boom!!!-)) With the loud music, Chuckles came dancing around from behind the counter. He began singing and shouting. His belly bounced and moved with every dance step. It was the ‘Hungry-Man’ song. Then Chuckles sang along with the music and the room burst out into laughter.

Stomach grumbles,
Give me food.
Must eat now,
I’m in a bad mood.
I’m a hungry, hungry, hungry-man!
You cannot satisfy a hungry-man.
Oh, ya!
I’ll eat till I drop,
I certainly won’t stop.
Cause I’m a hungry-man,
A hungry-man! Belly flop!
Chew it up! - Spit it out!
I’m a hungry-man - Look out!
I eat more than any mutt.
I have a garbage, garbage gut!
Are you a hungry, hungry, hungry-man?
I know I am a hungry, hungry, hungry-man!

((-BURP!!!-))

He put on quite a show. Chuckles was a good sport about his contest after all.

After supper, everyone gathered in the recreation room. There, people played cards, threw darts, played ping-pong or watched the movie channel on a small black and white T.V.
Gathering a large crowd again, I challenged whoever had the guts to an arm wrestle. Everyone was very strong, but no one was as strong as me. Even un-defeated Robertson challenged me. We began and I felt perhaps my arm was being overworked, but actually, Robertson was just very strong. I liked Robertson so I made it seem as though he was beating me to add a little suspense.
Many people watching made remarks like, “Oooow!!! That’s gott’a hurt.”
I heaved his arm down; Victory!
Robertson took a liking to me and I couldn’t be sure if it was because of my strength. Maybe it was the grey tone of my skin that set me apart from the others. Whatever the reason, he and I stayed up late laughing at our crazy jokes, until Chuckles showed up. That was when Robertson headed off to get some sleep.
Chuckles and I stayed up late teasing each other about our stomach cramps and the strange noises our bodies made. After a little competition to see who could fart the loudest, Chuckles got messy and ran off to find a new pair of pants.
Everyone had to vacate the mess hall because not even I was prepared for the rancid stench of my volk gases.

After everyone returned to their cabins, I walked over to the tool shed. I brought my romstrunn and lintin with me in a pack. I gathered up all of the tools I accidentally broke earlier in the day when working with Robertson. I made a pile with them in the center of the room. I wandered about inside the shed gathering as many stainless steel metal scraps as possible. I found the hull of an old auger which was dented and twisted but didn’t show any signs of rust. It was part of the boneyard and had been tagged to be shipped out as scrap.
“Evon.” I called. My sertz appeared from my ear and flew before me. “Design an axe made specifically for me. Make it strong enough that I can use it without breaking it.”
Evon flew into the romstrunn which was attached to my right forearm. The romstrunn opened and an image formed on the inside surface. The small forming shape became an axe.
“Widen the blade.” I said, and the blade widened.
Evon disconnected itself from the romstrunn and hovered at eye level to me.
“I HAVE SCANNED YOUR WEIGHT, STRENGTH, AND ENDURANCE, MASTER. THIS AXE, AS SHOWN, IS DESIGNED SPECIFICALLY FOR YOU.” Evon reported.
“The available stainless steal is piled here for you and marked.” I told the little sertz.
“STAND BACK, LORD.”
I stepped back four feet. Evon attached and locked itself to my lintin wrist band. I pointed my fist at the scrap metal hull. Two blue beams shot out from Evon’s eyes. The beams were the size of thread and covered over the metal. The waves of energy lifted the metal into the air. Turning red hot, the metal melted and combined into one solid sphere of dross. Then it began to take form and change shape. The axe was formed quickly before it cooled to a shimmering silver. The axe finished descending and landed softly to the ground.
Like a new toy, I couldn’t wait to try it out. Even with such little light, the axe gleamed.
When it was cool enough to hold, I hid the axe away.
Chapter 20

WITH ANOTHER EARLY START the next morning, Robertson and I were on the job in the woods once again. Everything I wore; a yellow baseball cap, an old flannel shirt, jeans, and steel toed boots, were all custom made to fit me.
The location of our worksite was still familiar to me even in the daylight.
“Here, put these on.” Robertson said holding ankle straps with boot spikes. “This will be a little different for you. I’ll bet you haven’t tried this before.” 
Shaking my head in agreement, I began strapping the spikes to my boots. Robertson helped me chain the heavy power saw to my shoulders. I climbed up the tree at no extraordinary speed. I figured out the boot spikes, but a few times I jabbed them too deep into the wooden tree stock. Working them loose, I had to be a little milder.
Near the peak, I reached behind me and took hold of the power saw. Swinging it around to my front, my momentum shifted my weight back. The tree bent and creaked, but it wasn’t until I heard a loud crack from the tree’s trunk that I began paying attention. At the tree’s base, the stress blew the bark off then it noticeably split. I jerked my weight forward to correct the problem but the tree trunk continued to snap and crack further. Feeling a jolt through the tree, it was clear I was going down.
Before the tree broke free from the ground, I recalled the landscape from that height. I could see where I had buried my new axe.
The tree only bowed so far then it held. I breathed a sigh of relief. 
((-Snap!!!-)) The whole tree fell. “Timber!!!” yelled Robertson.
“AAAHHH!!!” I hollered, the tree cracked and broke into splinters under the tight pressure of my left hand. With my other hand, I reached the power saw and held it away from me. Ripping through branches of neighboring trees, I braced myself.
The impact of my fall shook the earth. I just remained laying in the mess of pine needles and branches for a moment, I didn’t move a muscle. ‘How severe are my injuries?’
Evon went to work assessing the severity of the incident.
I heard Robertson running to my aid. I wiggled my fingers, then my toes and I knew I’d be okay. As I bent my knees and elbows, I rolled over to get up.
Robertson had just reached my position when I hammered my hand onto a rock and began climbing out from under a cluster of young trees.
As I stood up, my plaid shirt and pants had been shredded. Even the damaged power saw was hanging off me. The power saw looked like it had been collected from a junkyard.
Robertson leaped over a log and his spiked boots grated across a boulder until it made contact with something metal. Tripping, he fell to the ground. Crawling back around to see what he tripped over, Robertson found a large metal rod, half buried in the dirt.
“Eddy!” Robertson cried. “Speak to me! Are you okay?” he was breathless with exhaustion.
“I’ll be fine. How about you?”
“Can you help me move this metal rod so it doesn’t damage the skidder when it comes?”
I knew exactly what he found before I approached him.
“You’re a mess, man.” Robertson said when he took a good look at me. “You junked another power saw? Harley’s gonn’a be choked. Why don’t you take the rest of the day off?”
I gave him a nudge to the side as I leaned in and picked up the axe. “No,” I said. “I don’t think I’ll be taking the day off just yet.” Robertson and I marveled at the giant gleaming axe.
“Whoo, man, I wonder what kind of guy would forget an axe like that?” He looked at me for a moment. “The thing must belong to someone like you, man!”
“I am the only one of my kind.” I reminded Robertson.
“Well, with an axe like that, you won’t have to break any more of our tools.”
“Let’s see how this beast cuts trees.” I said then I swung the axe from left to right. The blade whistled as it sliced through the air. Stepping close to a marked tree I swooped the blade slightly up to give a diagonal cut to the base of the trunk.
“Timber!!!” yelled Robertson.
I was able to chop the tree away from its base with a single swipe. I stepped toward the next tree and cut it down in the same way as the first.
“Timber!!!” Robertson announced again.
Glancing back at Robertson with an annoyed eye, I proceeded to chop down about ten trees within the area. I cut the trees, dropping them with only a single stroke each. Cutting ten trees took six seconds and they fell like dominos.
“Timb-tim - t-t-… AHG!!!” Robertson panicked. He wanted to keep up with me but it was too dangerous with all the falling trees. To stay safe, he had to remain behind.
I was cutting the trees down so fast it soon became too dangerous for me also.
When I finished chopping down the wild, I retrieved my yellow baseball cap. I took off my ripped plaid shirt but I still wore my dirty undershirt. My pants were in such disrepair, I had to belt them up with the chain that I previously used to hold my power saw to my shoulders. The first log I began carrying on my shoulder was the biggest. I carried the logs to a clearing, to make work easier for the skidder.
My body worked to balance the immense weight of the timber. I felt great. My left arm glistened with beads of sweat while firmly gripped around the rough bark of the log. My hefty new axe was held tightly in my right hand. Robertson and I must’ve cut close to five thousand trees by the end of the day.
When the other lumberjacks heard how many trees I dropped, they required proof. The crew demanded to see me in action. Harley was also interest in my work. They devised a test amongst themselves to see how many strokes of my axe it took to bring down ‘The Old Wise One.’
‘The Old Wise One’ was the oldest and largest coniferous bird’s eye maple tree of the island and it was the tallest. The diameter of its base measured twelve feet and it had grown ninety-six feet into the air. It sucked twenty gallons of water per day.
Many lumberjacks joined the hike out to ‘The Old Wise One.’ One hundred men and it was getting late. When we reached the mighty tree we lit the area with flares. Chuckles Billadoe was the last to arrive. He was sweating from head to toe and panting like a dog. He smiled between puffs of air and motioned for me to continue. All the while he was unable to speak.
Approaching the challenge I spit into my palms then I lifted my axe to swing. Pausing a moment, I faced the crowd, “Stand back!” I told them. Some men laughed because they didn’t believe I could chop it down at all, much less with my first swing. Others weren’t so sure and took the step back.
Winding back, I lashed forth. The strength behind my drive drove my axe deep into the base of ‘The Old Wise One.’ I heard a reaction from the crowd’s amazement. My axe was so deep in the tree only half of the handle was sticking out.
Robertson said, “Let it go, Eddy. You’ve done the impossible. You have nothing more to prove.”
But I couldn’t just leave it. Grabbing the handle of the axe, I strenuously worked it loose. I began chopping the tree with all I had. After giving it a real go and chopping it a dozen more times, the final flare winked out.
In the darkness, ‘The Old Wise One’ made a creaking sound like a moan of agony. Then it loudly cracked. It was so loud, it sounded like someone fired a rifle.
Instant chaos surged through the people stumbling through the blinding darkness of the forest. Everyone fled for their lives. They thought ‘The Old Wise One’ was going to fall directly on them. They could hear it break away from its base. A long run of smaller cracks followed as it teetered over.
Stepping back, I looked up. Straining my eyes, I tried to determine which way the tree would fall by the silhouette of the top branches against the starlight. It slumped to my left then came a shushing sound as its branches clawed at the air. It became louder and louder as the monstrosity fell. ‘Who would end up under the old giant?’
 Crashing to the ground, its impact rippled throughout the earth and was like a drum in the chests of the lumberjacks. A gust of dust and leaves brushed over my face. Everyone was shaken up, including me.
We all morosely returned to our cabins. Each one was silent from the shocking experience.

I was up all night with Robertson, aching. Although I cut down the trees, Robertson was part of the team who had the endless clean-up job of stacking the fallen trees.
At the medical room, Robertson and I were applying a muscle relaxing paste to our skin. The door opened and Harley stepped in.
“Ouch!” exclaimed Harley. “You guys look terrible.”
“It feels worse.” Robertson replied. “It’s nothing worse than muscle cramps, but we won’t be able to do anything more than lite duty work today, sir.”
“I am very impressed with you two.” He wiped the sweat from his forehead. “Almost five thousand trees. We are way ahead of schedule. Forget the light duty you two have earned the day off.” Harley placed his hands on his hips. “I’ll pay you guys an extra day, but only this once. By doing this I can prove a point to those other slackers out there.” he paused, “You see, today is my son’s first day on the job. It’d be nice if I could find a good man to show him around while we prepare to move to the next logging block. So, one of you will give my son a grand tour and the other will relax.”
“Eddy?” Robertson called to me. “You should show the lad around. I have to discuss something here with Harley.”
“All right!” I nodded in agreement. “The task sounds easy enough.”
“He’s just outside, Eddy.” Harley nodded before he turned to Robertson.
I stepped out from the muggy medical room and into the fresh morning air. I expected to find Burl standing there. He was the only son I knew Harley had. I found a young boy, about seventeen or eighteen years old. I knew him from the school house. He was a quiet boy named Hal. He was Domin’s roommate if I remembered correctly. I smiled to him and figured since there was nobody else around, he must be Harley’s son.
Carrying a small duffel bag over his shoulder, he smiled at me. He recognized me. Hal had short, blond hair and a child-like innocence in his eyes.
“Hello Hal, you wouldn’t happen to be Harley’s son, would you?” I asked cheerfully, biting back the pain.
“Yeah, Eddy. Do you remember me from school?” he gulped at my presence up close.
“Of course I remember you. We haven’t gotten to know one another very well but I always wanted to meet you.” I shook his hand. I was careful not to squeeze his little hand too hard. “Your father asked me to show you around the lumber block.”
“Oh, this again.” Hal said quietly under his breath. As we walked along the dirt road he muttered, “You know, I’ve heard a lot about you. I’ve never seen anyone grow as fast as you have. You sure are big.”
“And where did you hear about me?” I asked.
“My father and my brother, Burl. They were talking about you. They were saying how cool it is to watch you work. You can do impossible jobs with ease, supposedly.” he smiled sheepishly. “You remind me of Grizz.” He shook as he heard himself speak out loud, before he looked at me with a slight quiver in his eyes. “No offense.” he offered shyly.
“None taken.” I replied dryly. “Who’s Grizz?”
“Grizz also lives here on the island, you’ve met him.”
“I have?”
Hal laughed, “Ya, right, you know who I’m talking about.”
“You mean, Domin?” I asked.
“No, Grizz.” Hal persisted. 
I didn’t want to continue running around the issue any longer though we were talking about the same person all along. I gently took Hal’s duffle bag and placed it next to the steps of the office. Hal gestured he wanted to keep a smaller pack slung over his left shoulder. We began walking as I started a fresh topic of small talk, “I haven’t really worked at the lumberyard long enough to become close friends with Harley and Burl, but who knows, maybe you and I will get a chance to really get to know one another.”
“Uh, hu.” said Hal. “You never know.”
“What is your focus in the logging field, Hal?”
“I want to get into the feller’s position for starters. I can hardly wait.”
“Hey, that’s cool.” I told him as I carefully patted his shoulder. “I just happen to be a feller with the experience of a full day... my first official day. Maybe someday we will work together. I’ve been doing a lot of work as a feller yesterday, that’s why I’m in such bad shape today.”
“If you’re in bad shape, then what’s in store for me?” Concern filled Hal’s eyes.
“Don’t worry little buddy, I don’t think you’ll be expected to work like me.”
We walked up into the forest from the road. I was discussing adverse hauling when Hal cut in.
“Eddy, gear down a moment. My father’s the manager. I know all about adverse hauling and everything else. Why don’t you tell me something about yourself?”
“Like what?” I asked, surprised to find he wasn’t interested.
“Well, everyone already knows what you expect to accomplish.” The boy’s comment surprised me. Did Hal just slip-up and reveal that others knew my plans of returning to my world? Could he know of the cave and the secrets within it? The questions flashed through my mind but they were lost with what he said next. “I mean, you don’t want to be a lumberjack all your life, do you?” Hal’s voice was harmless and without hesitation. I delicately checked into his thoughts and found no deceit.
Hal placed his hand to his head when he slightly detected my telepathy. He felt like a small headache was coming on.
When I ceased the telepathic connection, his headache instantly disappeared.
“No,” I answered, “I hope to become an astronomer and prove life exists on other planets.”
“I don’t think you need a telescope for that. How exactly do you plan to prove it?” Hal asked as though he feared there might be consequences for asking a question.
“Can you see me alright?” I asked sarcastically, “I’m only joking, aliens won’t look like me, if that’s what you’re wondering.” Hal seemed tense as though he thought I was about to chew his head off and blow a bubble with it. “They’ll have large heads and eyes, standing only half my size and thinly framed with a small convexed nose and no mouths. Oh, and they won’t wear any clothing.”
“How do you know so much about aliens?” Hal asked suspiciously.
“I’ve read detailed accounts from recorded encounters. Out of all the reported alien encounters, certain facts continue to remain the same. I mean you don’t really think I’m an alien do you?”
Hal looked at me funny and shrugged his shoulders as he looked away. “I dunno… If you’re sure, I’m sure.” I had no intension of disclosing my own alien encounter. “What do you plan to do with your life?”
“Me?” Hal looked at the ground and began to answer softly. “I want people to realize there is a higher power that’s far bigger than any of us.”
“Interesting, it sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders.”
“I’m no different from anyone else.” Hal looked me up and down as though he was sizing me up. “Well, I may be different from you of course.”
“Of course,” I sent back.
“I remember how smart you were in class, but sometimes your thunder was just so loud the rest of us were never heard.” he looked at me and the message was received loud and clear. Hal had something to say and it would be my turn to listen, if I could manage it. “If I could have the whole world stop and listen to me, my message would change everything.”
Hal pulled out a book from his small shoulder bag and began flipping through the pages. He was looking for something.
“Is that a bible you have there?” I asked.
“Yes, don’t you have one?”
“No.” I answered with respect.
“Oh, did you forget it in your cabin or maybe it slipped your mind when you were packing before you arrived here?”
“No, No, I haven’t seen a bible in a long time. I can’t get into it. Maybe it’s just too deep for me.”
“Maybe it was an old King James version. This one’s very easy to understand. Here!” Hal said and passed me his bible. “I want you to have mine.”
“Look, Hal, you’re a nice kid, I didn’t realize you were the religious type though. I like you and I don’t want you to take this the wrong way, but I just don’t have time to read this. I’m just too busy all the time.”
“Why do you make excuses?” Hal asked in a calm voice.
He turned and walked away with a huff. He went back down the hillside to the road. I looked down at the old ratty bible in my hand. Opening it, I quickly flipped through the pages. I found loose sheets of written notes and statements scribbled in the margins with underlined phrases. When Hal was out of sight, I tossed the book into the underbrush. The mood was bitter and we walked with a little distance between us for a short while until Hal waited up for me. He wasn’t aggravated for long. It was like someone waved a magic wand and everything was forgotten.

At the end of a long day of walking, talking and surveying the land, Hal and I returned to the foreman’s office, Harley told me Robertson packed-up and left the business of lumbering to retire. He was on the first helicopter out. It was unfortunate he had to go but when I inquired of what his reasons were for choosing that particular time to leave, all Harley would tell me was. “He wasn’t specific as to the details but I know he had been thinking about retirement a lot these past few months. He did mention a comment, something like, ‘Now, I’ve seen it all.’”
I was to take over his position as a faller and Hal was to be my bucker and new roommate. Aggravated by the news, I returned to my cabin for the evening. It was difficult to remain focused on my studies. The rain started to fall outside and I couldn’t get Hal’s bible out of my mind. It was getting soaked. Hal spoke about the book with such enthusiasm. It interested me at some deep level. I wanted to go out and retrieve it, but logically I knew it was best to just let it go. Unable to sleep, or study, I refused to go out and get the book.
I battled my thoughts all night.

Chapter 21

THE NEXT DAY, the rain never let up. Huge drops soaked everything. I had orders to train Hal and the weather was not favorable. A rolling ocean storm carried high winds over us and the heavy pelting rains continued to increase.
Hal and I suited up in our yellow rain gear. My suit was a perfect fit.
“You probably believe you’re an evolved version of what man is to become.” Hal said. “Evolution wasn’t how you or I were created. Evolution is believed to be the natural growth stages of living organisms from one generation to the next. Biology will tell you humans are one of the slowest evolving creatures of the earth. So explain to me why we are the most advanced? And who or what designed the evolutionary genetic code? Scientists can break things down to a mathematical formula. This is not perfect. Mathematical formulas have more wrong answers attached to them than correct ones. Yet perfection has been achieved. So if things can be perfect and complicated, there must be an intelligence behind it, right?... There must be the creator... God! The very God people have spoken of since the beginning. This isn’t complicated, it’s simple, but because people find it unbelievable, they won’t believe. Who can accept an answer that’s so simple? How can it be trusted?
“Miracles happen to people every day. By our own arrogance we turn a blind eye when God blesses us. He touches us, even you, Eddy.”
“A very interesting point of view.” I stated crossing my arms. “It gives me a lot to think about. Now consider this. You’re no different from anyone else. You talk like you have all the answers. A scientist talks like they have the answers and when it all comes down to it, we all just have theories and our own opinions which best suit our own reasoning.
“Who or what is God? One might argue he is simply a higher power, but an alien culture could also fit the bill as a higher power could it not? With a technology which is far beyond that of earth’s would we not agree they are the creators if they claimed to be? I’m not saying you’re wrong. I’m just saying how can anyone be sure of anything?” I hoped that was the end of it.
Hal looked at me with wide young naive eyes. I think I spooked him a little when I mentioned ‘alien culture.’ I’m sure it wouldn’t have sounded quite so incredible if it had been said by a human. Hal noticed my axe. “Wow! Amazing!” he remarked enthusiastically. “Nice axe! It looks very heavy. Is it hard to work with?”
“It does the job.” I said bluntly. I looked up expecting to see God frowning down at me, but rather it seemed like the entire ocean filled the sky above and was draining upon us. Our jobsite was close.
We hiked our way up to the assigned area. “Stand back!” I said firmly. Swinging the axe, I began chopping down the trees applying direct and forceful action. When I was finished, I joined Hal who was stripping wet branches off fallen trees with his little, short-handled axe. Observing him I gave him some pointers. Noticing a quiet ripping noise from behind us through the rain, I glanced back. Usually, I wouldn’t have responded to such an insignificant sound, but instinctively I did.
A tree behind us uprooted from the ground and began falling in our direction. I dropped my axe and lifted my arms in defense.
When Hal noticed his life was in danger, he screamed.
As the tree teetered over and landed into my hands, all of the muscles in my body tensed. Supporting the weight, I thought the tree was going to overpower me. I shifted my body toward Hal and pushed the tree the opposite way.
The tree fell to the ground with a heavy impact and settled in place. 
I knelt down by Hal’s side to calm him. “It’s okay, little buddy. The tree fell down and you’re fine.” I rubbed his shoulders carefully.
“Y-you saved my life.” Hal said with a shaken voice.
“Look, bud, you’re welcome, but I would’ve done it for anyone.”
“You’re truly blessed.” Hal commented.
“Now, wait a minute. Don’t start with your piety again. You know how I feel about it and I don’t want to hear you telling anyone about what happened because you’ll change it into some kind of spiritual glory thing.”
“Everyone should know what you did. Stop covering up what you do, and rather, let the Eddy inside shine like a blazing light for all to see.” Hal began quoting Mark 4:36 from the bible, despite the great drops of rain spilling down his face. “Do you bring in a lamp to put it under a bowl or a bed? Instead, don’t you put it on its stand? For whatever is hidden is meant to be brought out into the open.”
Thunder cracked and following it, the rain began to fall even harder. It all seemed to fall out of the sky at once. The ground was very muddy, so I lit flares and signaled a feller buncher to climb the hillside, just as I had seen Robertson do in the past.
The motor revved high as it crawled closer.
“God bless you, Eddy.” Hal said.
“Aren’t you finished yet?” I snapped. “Save it for later, we have work to do!”
“Why do you turn away from God when he clearly cares about you?” The wind began to pick up. “Tell me, Eddy, would you commit yourself to a stranger forever just because that person does good things? Or would you get to know the person first?”
I noticed another tree rip from the muddy soil.
“God wants to get to know you through a relationship. People want to get to know you because of what you look like.”
I began to raise a red flag on a pole as a marker for the feller buncher.
“They don’t really care they only want to examine you. Let the Lord come into your life, your heart and your soul.”
I signaled the driver of the feller buncher so he knew exactly what tree he was supposed to go after.
“You cannot go to Heaven until you get to know the Lord and begin living your life through adding faith to your good works!”
I grabbed his shoulders. “Listen to me and shut up! The ground is becoming unstable. Quickly, run down the hill and over to the other side of this feller buncher.” Finally, I’d be rid of his annoying religious garble.
Hal climbed down the hill clumsily. He slid a short distance on his butt and began crossing behind the path of the feller buncher when a log was loosened from under the tire of the machine and began rolling down the hill toward him. 
“Hal!!!” I shouted to alert the boy.
The log moved so fast. A mere couple of seconds passed before the log was right there upon him. Hal stopped and turned in response to me as the log rolled onto him.
I leaped from where I was standing and dropped through the air down the hillside to Hal’s aid. Splashing down into the mud heavily, I lifted the log off Hal from one end. It was as I feared. I was too late. His chest had been crushed. The mud came down the slope in such volume it began covering him. Glancing up at the feller buncher, I saw it was still gripped to the large tree.
The massive tires spun on the muddy slope. When the machine cut the tree, it left the stump. Without the tree to anchor it, the feller buncher began sliding down the hill toward us.
I shouted for the driver to stop, but there was nothing he could do. The whole thing was out of control. His wheels were already locked up. The machine tobogganed down the muddy hill. Each second seemed to stretch on and yet there was no time at all. The machine barreled down the hillside before sliding onto the log I was holding. My wet hands slipped and the log fell back onto Hal like a giant’s club. The heavy impact kicked up a tall splash. My feet slipped in the mud and I fell.
The driver of the machine leaned out his cab window and waved me out of his way. The machine slid right over the log that Hal was under.
Stepping out of the feller buncher’s way, I grabbed it as it slid by. The feller buncher was too heavy. I dug my boots into the ground. Knee deep in mud, I tried in vain to move the equipment but it was too late.
I couldn’t breathe. My eyes welled up and my strength drained out of me. I felt so useless and guilty, but I hadn’t exactly realized how serious the accident was.
It was like a heavy hand had pushed a rolling pin across some dough and Hal was the dough. Even with all of my strength, I couldn’t do anything to stop the situation.
I needed Evon to help me deal with the guilt, shock and sorrow I felt surrounding Hal’s death. Through the relentless rain, men worked all around me to retrieve Hal’s body. They seemed to ignore me like I was a ghost or something. Before I left the area, I took time to wearily hike up into the forest, just off the dirt road. I was lite headed and overcome with grief. I came to a familiar place where Hal and I talked on his first day.
Ripping a familiar bush out of the ground, I shook it and retrieved Hal’s bible. It was soaking wet, dirty and in worse condition than before. I wanted to give the bible to Harley, since he would want anything that once belonged to his son.
Of course, Hal wanted me to have the bible. It was wet and small in my hands, but it was special. This religious artifact really spoke to me about Hal and his death, like it was all a puzzle piece to a larger mystery. I wasn’t sure. Maybe I was just trying to make sense of it all.
I pressed the book against my cheek and my tears flowed copiously over it. I looked up to the storm clouds in wonderment. “Take care of him.” I said to God. “He’s one of the good guys. He’ll be missed.” I looked back down at the ratty little book and slid it into the pocket of my raincoat.

Dragging my feet, I walked back to the head office dragging my axe by the tip of the handle in the rain. The blade dug a groove into the mud behind me. All work for the day had come to a grinding halt. There were people everywhere and Harley was standing just outside the office door at the top of the stairs addressing the workers. He called a meeting but Harley’s face wasn’t the same. He looked pale like all the blood had drained out of him. When I approached the meeting and the employees noticed me they parted, making a path for me to approach Harley. The gathering of men closed up behind me. “Drop that weapon.” Harley said, pointing at my axe and staring me down.
Dropping my axe, it made a muffled, heavy splash when it struck the wet ground. I sensed what the people thought about the accident along with the terrible images of Hal’s damaged body.
Not far from Harley was a body bag. Hal’s remains occupied it.
I began to speak, hoping to explain that it was an accident, but everyone had already made up their minds. They expected me to defend myself, like a guilty person would. Everyone wanted to blame someone for Hal’s death so it was no surprise when the fingers pointed to me. Why not? Even I blamed myself.
A long moment passed. Harley just stared at me with no expression and said nothing. His hate brewed. His eyes were pink and puffy with stress. Without breaking eye contact with me, Harley stepped down from the office steps. He walked right up to me and glared up into my eyes. Venting, he shouted. “You killed my son!!!” spittle sprayed my face. “Murderer!!! Go to Hell!!!” his fist flew up at me and I let him tag my jaw.
I imagined Harley’s fist had actually hurt me.
Looking through the crowd, scanning each face, I paused briefly at Chuckles Billadoe. Tears were welling up in his eyes too. I sensed his confusion, sorrow and pain then he looked away shamefully. It was only a moment ago when I was arm wrestling and having a great time with these men. I wished Robertson was there, then again, I was relieved he wasn’t.
Harley did not fire me. He wanted to make sure I got what I deserved.
I told Harley, “I quit.” Still out front in the muddy lot of head office, all of the men from the camp, loyal to Harley, remained standing around us. I saw a look in their eyes like they were looking for a reason to kill me. They must’ve thought I just let it happen. I was too strong in their eyes to let a tragedy like this happen. I went from hero to murderer in seconds.
The rain continued to fall. “Tie him up!” Harley ordered pointing his finger at me with his face twisted into a snarl.
“Harley, I quit! Just let me grab my stuff and you’ll never see me again.” I stared deep into his eyes with the intent to persuade his mind. It didn’t work. Leaning forward, I picked up my axe.
“I’ve already told you once. Put that weapon down!”
“This is not a weapon in my hands. It’s a tool and I’m no criminal. I tried to save Hal. I tried to save your son.”
“If you think you can just walk away from me, that’s not an option! I won’t let you escape!” Harley’s eyes shot sharp blades of blood red hate at me. “I’ll have justice, even if it has to be a little small-town justice.” Harley’s intentions frightened me. The likes of which I didn’t think was possible. A tense stand-off took place as we waited for the other to make a move.
I heard a military convoy approaching from the road. They would certainly protect me. Letting the lumberjacks bind me, I bided my time. The ropes they used to tie my wrists would’ve been easy for me to break.
The military swarmed in amongst the lumberjacks and took control.
No one else was harmed.

Blind folded and taken to a room somewhere on the island, I was instructed to sit in a chair. There, my wrists, waist and ankles were strapped down. The blind-fold was removed. The first thing I noticed was a man assembling a lie detector. At the far end of the room a row of people sat behind a long table.
“Eddy, back so soon?” announced a voice.
“Who?” I squinted my eyes and focused, before I recognized the panel of men. I smiled at them. “I was wondering how you guys were doing.” I said.
“We’re fine, Eddy, but it seems you’ve gotten yourself into a little bit of trouble.” I recognized Dr. Vonn’s voice.
“That depends on how you want to look at it.” I gave a questioning look to two men who cautiously approached me with scissors and cut my T-shirt off.
“Could you explain this little episode to us so we can understand what happened?” The doctor asked in a coy manner.
“First, you’ve got to tell me what this thing is here and what this guy is doing with it.” The operator at the machine began to place adhesive stickers to my head, arms and chest. The sticky sensors had a thin coloured wire connecting each one of them to the machine.
“This is a polygraph or a ‘lie detector machine,’ Eddy. We’re going to use it on all of your co-workers from the logging company. From these results we’ll determine what really happened out there and how the boss’s son ended up in a body bag in the… condition… we found him.”
A wired clip was fastened to my finger. I let out a slow breath and tried to relax. I made a mental note for Evon not to interfere. I needed the truth for this one.
They never allowed me to see the results of the lie detector tests but they must’ve been pleased with the answers I gave them. I hoped Harley had quit gunning for me.

The school-board had given me two weeks to decide if I could make it at the logging job. Sheepishly, I re-enlisted and continued my education.
One night, when I felt deeply guilty for Hal’s death, I opened Hal’s bible and read every word. I even read the water smudged notes he scribbled in the margins. Even though Hal’s writing was barely readable and made up of many half thoughts, I was able to follow the general path of his own personal spiritual growth. It was comforting to know that if there was a heaven, Hal would surely be there. He certainly didn’t deserve the death I served him at my hand. He was my responsibility and I let him down.
Gastonish was delighted to have me back home with her.
I was just as satisfied to be home. The loggers fell behind in their clear-cutting quota despite the productive boost I provided. 
Harley, his wife and Burl organized a funeral on the beach of the Knolix Island. It was a big event. Countless military personnel attended. Hal’s death was the first death on the island, so a small parcel of land on the other side of the island was designated as a graveyard. Hal was supposed to be the first buried there, but Harley wanted his body brought back to the mainland so it could be laid to rest closer to his home. Coincidentally, Jay’s body ended up being the first one in the ground there.
Everyone under Harley’s employment and the entire population of the town of Scamp also attended Hal’s funeral. Flowers, musicians and lots of food was provided. The island officials had a way of controlling everything, even what people said in their speeches. No one was permitted to say anything about me or relate my involvement with the incident or incidents leading up to Hal’s death.
After everyone spoke, there was a strong focus on the value of life and Hal’s great faith.
The short time I spent with Hal changed me for the better. I believed, because God could not be proven or disproven, the Lord deserved the benefit of the doubt. After the eulogy, while everyone prayed in a moment of silence, I inwardly prayed, ‘Lord, help me to decide, should I stay on earth or should I pursue Verticus?’

With the aid of the polygraph, it was discovered that Harley and Burl were obsessed with conducting their own brand of revenge on me. They tried to come to my cabin and they looked for me at my school. The military officials were always there to intercept Harley and his loyal little logging crew. Harley and his entire crew were in breach of their contract in so many ways. They lost their logging agreement and were banished from the island before they could succeed at any form of revenge.

At the end of October, the pumpkins came out and everything seemed to change to orange and black. A Halloween dance was planned for the school. I knew Sally would be there and I didn’t want to miss seeing her in costume, but best of all, I didn’t want to miss an opportunity to dance with her.
I spent a whole day creating my costume with Evon. After designing it into my romstrunn, the final result was perfection. I wore a chrome suit of armor parts with a super-powered hero’s look. The under suit was black and the metal was intricately designed. The helmet was a rendered replica of an early Roman warrior style with a single raised center strip of metal which ran from the forehead over the helmet to the back. With light blue tinted bubble goggles over my eyes, I winked. The metal was altered to be super light and made out of soup cans and other scrap aluminum. I used my lintin to shape the metal and added a few hidden lights for an added effect. As a final touch, I draped a cape over my back which hung down to my knees.
Ready for the dance, I walked to the school. I wanted to fly there as ‘Super Eddy and his side-kick Evon,’ but my mother told me strictly not to be tempted to use any volk technology, because it could devastate the future.
Everyone arrived to the school in their costumes, except me. A huge blue tent had been assembled on the school field. I approached the lineup of school mates waiting to get in. When they saw me, they began to laugh. “Hey, look!” Justin said, “Eddy’s costume is the best and he isn’t even wearing one.”
Shaking off their comments, I knew my costume would be a hit. “You guys look great.” I told them gleefully.
Walking around the tent to the back, in one of the nearby bushes, I stripped off my outer clothes down to my underwear. The liquid rubber, skin-tight suit, oozed out of my romstrunn and coated over my body. Clipping the aluminum armor to my black body-suit, the heroic image of a blue energy gel ‘E’ appeared in front of a large ‘V’. The ‘E’ stood for; Eddy and the ‘V’ stood for; Volk.
Within the tent, loud music started up with an alluring beat. The Halloween party started with a bang. Providing such a release for the students was like releasing compressed excitement. When I returned, the lineup of children and teens had disappeared. They were all inside the tent.
Presenting my dance-pass, I was permitted to walk right into the tent. My under armour glowing blue lights caught everyone’s attention. Stepping onto the wooden dance floor, I indulged myself in the part. I mimicked street dancers at the center of the dance floor. Moving my body to the beat of the music, everyone stood back to grant me the space I needed to really get down and boogie. Smiling, I waved and eyed my classmates in the crowd. Raising my fists above my head, I flexed and the blue glow of my hidden blue LED lights pulsed rapidly to the beat of the music. Lowering my arms to a new position, I flexed my muscles again one last time as the music wound up to its climax. As the final beat erupted, I placed my fists on my hips, straightened my back and parted my feet in a hero’s stance.
Everyone cheered and applauded. Interest in my costume spiked. Questions came at me from every direction as everyone wanted to understand how it worked.
Though I told them, “It’s really very simple.” they still demanded details.
When the next song started, it was the perfect distraction. The girls crowded the dance floor and danced in groups. A few couples also danced, including Sally and Kinta. Most of the guys stood along the wall of the tent though. I was amongst them and told them to stand in front of me. I wanted the boys to start dancing first. After sitting out many songs, I wondered why I was even there. I was only interested in one girl anyway and she was taken.
A slow song began the first waltz of the night. I couldn’t pass up the chance to dance with Sally. Nudging my way through the barricade of boys, I placed my hand on Sally’s shoulder.
Both Sally and Kinta stopped dancing and looked at me. She was dressed like a princess.
“May I have this dance?” I tried to charm her.
“No!” said Kinta forcefully. His costume was that of an Indian chief with a head-dress full of feathers. He sneered at me through his striking war paint.
When I stared him down, he backed away a little. 
Kinta knew he was no match for me, but he was brave enough to stand between Sally and I. He looked at her and asked. “Sally, do you want to dance with him?”
The feathers of Kinta’s headdress tickled my face and irritated my nose.
“Kinta.” Sally told him. “I’ll give him just one dance.” She looked at me sternly, “Just one dance, then you’ll leave us alone, right Eddy?” She was a strong willed girl.
Pointing his finger in my face, Kinta shouted, “Just one dance! You hear me?! Or so help me!”
I smirked, “You threatening me? Take it easy, man. Just one dance.”
Sally and I turned away from him as she tried to raise her arms up high enough to put them around my neck, but I was too tall. I couldn’t get my hands down low enough to place them on her waist, so she suggested we improvise. I lifted her so she was in my arms and I carried her as we danced.
If Kinta’s glare could kill, he would’ve burned me to ash. “Jealous boyfriend.” I stated the obvious to Sally.
She smiled and I wasn’t sure how to interpret that.
The song was very romantic and full of swaying emotions that came with the fresh newness of a young person’s love. I felt like we were in a dream and I didn’t want that moment to end. When the song finished, I gave Sally a big warm hug. I was careful not to squeeze too tight. When I set her back on the ground, she began to blush and smile up at me. The way she tilted her head to one side was so cute I couldn’t resist. I leaned forward to give her a kiss on the cheek, but before I could, Kinta budded in between us.
“What do you two think you’re going to do? Kiss? Did you happen to notice I was standing right here? Or the crowd of witnesses who go to our school?” Kinta had us pinned in the spotlight and placed us in the middle of a scene.
Guilty began to wash over me until Sally surprised everyone and said, “What’re you saying, Kinta!” she shouted back in defense.
A look of worry altered Kinta’s expression as he backed away.
“All we did was dance! We didn’t kiss! Did we, Eddy?!” Sally glared at me.
I stammered, “Ah, um, ah…”
“He was going to kiss you!” Kinta was irate as he pointed out what was all too obvious.
“No he wasn’t, were you, Eddy? You weren’t going to kiss me, were you?”
Many people waited for my answer, so I filled my lungs and made my voice much deeper than it already was. While in crime fighter character, I replied in an over accentuated animated tone, “Somewhere I have a crime to solve… See ya!”
Turning on my heels, I bolted from the dance with my cape fluttering out behind me.
Chapter 22

A COUPLE OF DAYS PASSED before I was able to source out a part-time job that paid minimum wage. The little business by the name of Bigwheels was named after the owner who went by the name, Bigwheel. It was a scrap metal car lot at the edge of town.
Bigwheel was overweight, but he was slim in comparison to Chuckles Billadoe. Every day that I worked for Bigwheels, he dressed in the same dirty cover-alls. I’m not sure what Bigwheel’s eyes looked like. He always wore sunglasses, even in the dark. His hair was long and in need of a comb but that was Bigwheels. He was happy and that alone made him the kind of person I wanted to spend my time with.
The military would deliver old beat up vehicles to the lot. We stripped them and fixed them back up for the citizens of the island to use.
A special working relationship developed between Bigwheel and I. He liked the way I kept his junkyard tidy and he was quite intrigued by many of the vehicle modifications I had in mind. Bigwheel would once in a while give me parts when I asked for them. I kept every part I could. After drafting up my own blue print of a car, I showed it to Bigwheels and he said, “Build it.”
While I was in the process of actually building the car, my mother came down to Bigwheel’s garage to pay me a visit. She was interested to see what my new job consisted of.
“Building a car?” Gastonish asked when she found me under one in the garage. She secretly despised the time I put into my hobby car. The way she saw it, I wasn’t putting enough time in along with her at the cave to prepare the Zandith Crockmior lifeboat. The time I spent at a part-time job was little more than a waste of time to her.
I tried to explain my car to my mother. “Ya, there’s no terrain this baby won’t be able to handle. I’m gonn’a build her to handle the roughest landscape conditions you can imagine.” I always referred to my homemade car as a female.
“Who’s going to drive it?” Gastonish asked. She wasn’t going to act like she supported my hobby car for long.
“I’ll drive her, she’s mine after all.”
“You can’t drive this, you don’t have a license.”
I rolled out from under the car lying on a creeper. “Who cares about a license, cops don’t spend their time waiting to catch speeding drivers on this island.”
“Is it necessary to put so much time into this project?” Gastonish finally came to it as I knew she would.
“We might have to stay here.” I pressed to remind her again.
Bending down and pulling me close, Gastonish whispered. “Our primary concern is to grow the lifeboat Zandith Crockmior and go home.” Gastonish’s words were like razor sharp daggers and they cut deep. I didn’t want to let her down, but how was I supposed to let her know? I liked earth. I had plans of winning the love of Sally, finishing my car, perhaps even getting married, starting a family and growing old. I had so many plans and earth was as good a planet as Verticus. I was sure of it.
“I often wondered what it would be like to live in a world without peace. Peace was something our world was rich with.” Gastonish surprised me with her statement.
“Verticus?” I asked to confirm this was what she meant by, ‘our world.’
“Yes, I feel a greater power brought us here and the same power will keep you alive.” She told me.
I thought about what she said for a moment. It was an awakening to the real problem at hand.
“The Zandith Crockmior is almost ready. You keep on making money and going to school while I’ll finish the final preparations of the Zandith Crockmior. I’m well aware there are no guarantees the Zandith Crockmior lifeboat will actually take us home. I support you, Eddy. If we don’t make it home, we have to be prepared to stay here. I understand, this’s why we need an income and you need an education. You are who you feel you are, but your destiny is not in your hands to control. I just don’t want you to become so involved with your life here that you neglect our efforts to return home.”
“The only way to know what to do for sure is to first accurately predict the future.” I told her.
“You must choose your life’s course, if you wish to have any hope for your own future, Eddy, and see it through. I’d hate to leave you behind.”
This thought hadn’t occurred to me before. Deciding between my mother and my life on earth would not be easy. We walked over to a cluttered bench of motor parts and tools. There, we sat on the stools.
“I have come a long way.” Gastonish told me. “Pretend for a moment you’re a human and you have gone back in time to the age of pre-historic man. Your knowledge would be superior to theirs. You would seem like a God in their eyes. You could make a wheel and travel fast, or everyone’s favorite, fire. If you created fire, you’d be looked up to as a divine being by even the greatest leader of that ancient age.”
“Why haven’t you tried anything like that, mom? This is an ancient age to you.”
“I have, and it’s been what’s kept us alive here for all these years. I’ll continue to be clever and unpredictable by revealing volk technology, but never divulging the full secret behind it.” Gastonish paused for a moment and looked down at my vehicle designs and blueprints. “I’ll keep them guessing so they fall short of any full understanding…” She spoke as though her thoughts were actually a million lightyears away.
As I cleaned my greasy hands, a thought occurred to me. “Mom, have you noticed that since we had these tracking chips implanted in our teeth, all shipping of supplies to and from the island have come to a halt?”
Gastonish passed a tool to me. She paused to consider my thought. “It is strange. No cargo ships, no ferries or any sea worthy vessels for that matter, yet we never run low on fresh supplies.”
‘Just another strange mystery about the Knolix Island.’ I mused.

When work was slow, Bigwheels and I started working on our own projects. After spray painting the body of my car a bright red colour in the shed, I took a moment to admire my work. I put my own spin on the design of my car. It was meant for off road, meaning; no road use. The roof and hood were salvaged from a Volks Wagon Bug. The rest of the automobile’s body was formed from a compressed metal alloy, specially concentrated and shaped to my specifications by the lintin. Four additional spotlights were fixed to the front. I had to raise the roof and alter the front seat so I could fit inside. I layered the tires with used tire treads and stacked them with Bigwheel’s special home recipe of hot rubber retread glue. Bigwheel and I developed the formula right there in the shop, but I let him take all the credit. 
By flipping a couple of switches, tracks dropped down from the fender housing. The tracks were like those of a small dozer.
The entire frame of the car was supported with re-enforced roll-bars. I predicted that car would save my life one day so I made it tough… volk tough!

When I started driving my car to school, all of the kids gathered around excitedly. A student with a vehicle always made a big impression. At lunch hour, I took kids for rides. They loved it and I made a lot of new friends.
Sally lost interest in Kinta and joined the crowd as my popularity spiked. I was the talk of the town. Sally gave me a lot of attention. She would often snuggle right into me, when it was her turn for a ride and she displayed a competitive ownership over me amongst the other girls. I can’t say I didn’t like the attention.
In class Kinta sat in front of Sally and kept a close eye on her, but not close enough.
During class, my business minded teacher, Mr. Dalton, began another day with a boring story about some long exotic vacation trip he experienced.
While everyone in the class patiently listened, Sally and I were up to business of our own. I began writing notes and flicking them to her desk-top.
The first note read, “Do you have any plans for tonight?”
Sally shook her head, ‘no.’
I flicked her a second note. “How about a friendly dinner at around eight O’clock?” I wrote.
Sally nodded a ‘yes.’

Chapter 23

EIGHT O’CLOCK THAT EVENING, I was at Sally’s door, knocking. When the door opened, a stocky built, grumpy-looking man came out.
“Yes?” he asked bluntly. 
“I-is Sally here?” I asked, trying not to come across too sheepish. 
“No! She’s busy!” Sally’s father grunted. 
“Is that him?” I heard Sally say in the distance. She popped her head out from around the corner. “Eep!” Sally said in a high squeaky voice. She wasn’t ready for me to show up yet. I wasn’t early but I could hear Sally thumping around upstairs.
Her grumpy father began to close the door on me. I spread my hand out on it and held it open.
Sally leaped around the corner. She was beautiful, wearing a pink and white country style dress with a pink ribbon around her waist and a matching one in her hair to tie her hair back. She also wore white stockings, pink shoes, pink nail polish and pink strawberry lipstick. It was a new feeling knowing she put so much effort into looking attractive for me. I couldn’t remember a time I felt more honoured.
“Eddy.” Sally said excitedly. “Come on in. I want you to meet my family.”
I obliged her, “Oh sure.” but I meant, ‘Oh no!’
“You’ve already met my father.” Sally referred to the plump, grump at the door.
I smiled at him and he contemptuously snorted back at me.
“Come upstairs. My mother’s in the kitchen.” She took me by the hand, well, actually my finger, and directed me to the stairs. I felt like a giant in her presence as I entered the kitchen where I found Sally’s mother sitting at the table in a bath robe. She looked as if she just woke up from a tomb. Sally’s mother’s hair was a mess. She puffed away at her cigarette like it would somehow save her life. Looking up at me with red puffy eyes, she just glared at me.
“Hello.” I said cheerfully. “I’m Eddy Evon, a volk.”
She blew a gust of thick choking smoke in my face. “A volk? What is a volk, exactly? You look so, well so, big. Sally, are you sure he’s not dangerous? Bill, Bill!” Sally’s mother called. “I don’t know. What do you think? Couldn’t this be dangerous? I mean if he touches Sally he could hurt her or even kill her!” She scrutinized my appearance further in silence as she sucked back a long drag waiting to hear the reply from Sally’s father. Only a miracle kept the hanging branch of ash from falling from the tip of her cigarette.
“What’s wrong with your eyes, Sally? Are you blind? Just look at him.” her father spat. “No offense mister, Eddivon, or volk, or whoever you are, but I need to speak to my daughter alone.” Sally’s father took her by the arm, a little too forcefully for my liking. They went around the corner leaving me alone with Sally’s mother.
Continuing to puff away at her cig, she looked me up and down some more, studying me.
Sally’s father lectured her, but his awkward words weren’t beyond detection from my ears. I heard him say, “He’s obviously a government weapon, some kind of top secret military deterrent, like a genetically modified abomination. I can’t believe you brought him into our house. Now, I don’t want to see you get hurt so stay away from that thing.”
“He’s not a thing.” Sally told her father, “He’s kind and gentle.”
“Kind and gentle? Have you seen the size of his arms? He’s not even human! He could bump into you accidentally and turn you into a scarlet smudge on the wall. Now, I don’t know where he came from, but if there are more like him, they’re all trouble for human kind.”
“Dad!” she giggled. “Will you just listen to yourself? You’re paranoid. You don’t understand anything. If the government trusts him enough to let him attend school and interact with other kids then you should trust him too… Let me go with him. We’re just friends. You can hardly even call it a date.”
“Does he know that?”
“Let go of me! This is my life! When will you learn? I’m not your little girl anymore…”
“He’s even worse than the last boy you brought home, what was his name? Domin? Now there was a boy with a temper.” Bill recalled.
“And he’s long gone, but Eddy has been around much longer and he’s just fine. Trust me for once.” Sally insisted.
“You always have to go after the freaks, don’t you?!” Sally’s father was willing to say anything if it would protect his daughter.
“You didn’t like Kinta either and he was human.” She retaliated.
“Well, he was a freak too. You know, his virus and all, but he was better than this one!” He could see Sally was about to fight back again. “All right, you heard me out. But just remember, I’m not responsible if you get hurt.”
“Fine!” Sally answered flatly and ended the conversation with a rustle of clothing. She yanked her arm from her father’s grip then bounced around the corner presenting me with her wide happy grin. She took my finger again and held it tightly. She wanted to go out more than anything.
“There’s no need to worry, ma’am, sir.” I nodded to her parents. “Just think of me as a protector or bodyguard for your daughter. Money couldn’t buy you any better.” neither of Sally’s parents commented, but Sally giggled excitedly. Tugging at my finger, she directed me to her front door.
Sally’s mother didn’t say a word.
I spun around to Sally and told her, “Well, I guess we should get going. It is eight O’clock.” We walked down the stairs and her father was nice enough to open the door for us as we left.
Awkward…

On an old logging road, I drove us all the way to the peak of the island. Passing through the area I recently clear-cut, it was a trip I had taken many times before.
At the private bald spot on top of the mountain, I began setting up my telescope and arranging a small picnic area on a blanket. The evening sky was filled with stars. It was hardly necessary to have brought my telescope. A full light blue moon shone behind us like a spotlight. Silver moonlight was captured in the flowing strands of Sally’s hair as it swayed in the warm breeze. While I built a fire, Sally sat down on the blanket and began nibbling on some snacks.
First, I snapped some trees down, folding them over and over to break them up until I had a stack of firewood. Next, I rubbed two large rocks together causing a shower of sparks. In a matter of a few seconds the fire ignited. I carved some sticks so we could toast marshmallows and wieners over the campfire.
I had the fire raging just in time too, as the late night mountain air suddenly chilled.
Whenever Sally thought I wasn’t looking, her thumbs would secretively dance all over the screen of her iPhone. ‘What’s she doing to keep herself so busy?’ I wondered. She was an extreme computer hacker. I figured, consulting the internet was just her thing.
Faster than a lightning strike, I plucked the iPhone out of her hand and began typing into it.
“Hey, Eddy. Come on!” Sally reached for her little device, but I didn’t let her have it.
“Don’t worry. You were just writing an e-mail. I’ve saved it so I can write an e-mail to you.” My thumbs were drumming the iPhone’s screen rapidly as I typed. It was a challenge because my thumbs were so big for the little buttons, but I managed to finish my message.
I handed the iPhone back to Sally and she read it. She looked at me and said, “This doesn’t make any sense. It’s just a bunch of ones and zeros.”
Indeed Sally was correct. I had sent her a digital message. I smiled at her and she looked back down at the blackberry. With a frown, Sally was able to decipher what the message meant. Using only ones and zeros, the message read, “1110110110010111100110110111100.” Only someone who understood such communication would be able to understand, someone like an expert computer hacker.
Sally smiled back up at me and cuddled in close as she said, “I love you too.”
The fire snapped and crackled with a brilliant dance of tranquil life. While we roasted marshmallows over the fire, we began talking about food. Sally asked me, “What are some of your favorite foods?”
I reminded her, “I can eat virtually anything, but as far as a favorite, I don’t think I have one. I don’t taste food the same way you do. I break down the composition of the food, the recipe, if you will. There are many foods that your people eat but I cannot eat. I detect the chemicals and preservatives. I can taste them all.”
Her marshmallow suddenly caught fire. After blowing out the flame, she then held her stick out to my direction. The charred black remains of her marshmallow was still smoking. Crinkling up her nose, she said, “If you can eat virtually anything, then eat this.”
Without hesitation, I leaned forward and chomped off her marshmallow along with the tip of her stick.
“Mmmm… Mhhmm… ((-Slop-Sucking/chew-Swallow-)) yeah…” I breathed out steam, “Chemicals…”
Sally became strangely upset in a teasing fashion and began hitting me. She smiled like her hitting me was a big joke. I turned away to finish the snack while Sally continued to hit my back.
I enjoyed it. I told her, “The left side of my back is itchy.”
She willfully began scratching. Her efforts were helpful but soon I needed some serious scratching so I went to a large nearby rock and rubbed my back up against its rough surface. The scratching was satisfying, but as always, I had to stop before the skin of my back was rubbed raw.
It was very dark when I heard the sound of a stick snap in the woods. Alert, I signaled Sally to be quiet and stood up.
Sally also heard the same sound along with a shuffle.
Listening intently, I heard more sounds of rustling and it wasn’t the wind.
“Who’s there?!” I called out. Silence followed.
Sally moved around behind me and peeked out from around the side of my waist.
When I heard a distinct breath along with the crushing of a dry leaf, I bent down and picked up a rock. “I’m warning you, identify yourself!”
As Sally and I looked on, two distinct eyes could be seen reflected in the flickering flames of the fire. The sight of the eyes in such a secluded area really spooked us. I threw the rock at the eyes and a high pitched scream sounded like rubber tires skidding across pavement.
Bounding into the woods, I discovered I had killed a wolf. I told Sally what it was and it disturbed her.
Before long, parts of the wolf were roasting over the fire. Sally wasn’t going to eat any of it, “I don’t eat dog. That’s disgusting.” she declared.
“Suit yourself.” I told her.
It smelled so good, like a bar-B-Q. I convinced her to take a small nibble. After her first taste, she soon ate her fill. Resting back on the blanket, we ate some more snacks and drank strawberry soda in fancy wine glasses. As I bent forward to light a candle, Sally reached for some potato chips. We lightly bumped our heads together. I looked up at the stars. I was thankful for the moment. Lowering my eyes, I smiled at her.
“How would you like to take a look at the stars through my telescope?” I asked.
“I don’t know astrology too well, but I never have a problem finding Orion’s belt.” she told me.
“Orion’s belt is fascinating.” I told her. “Three stars equal in apparent brightness at equal distance and all aligned.” I thought for a moment. “Perhaps those three stars aren’t there to represent a belt of a mighty human warrior.”
“Are you suggesting they’re there to represent the belt of a mighty volk warrior?” asked Sally with a naughty smile.
“I’m theorizing how the three stars could be a clue of something much greater than us, like a time line, the past, present and future.”
“Don’t you think other astrologers have thought of that already?”
“Who can say?” I assumed it was my idea since I came up with it.
“Many people believe space exploration is the way of the future, but I think spending billions of dollars on spacecrafts with the time it would take to travel the stars would be a phenomenal waste. Put the money back into this planet. We don’t need to go anywhere. We can simply build better telescopes. One day I’d like to build the ultimate telescope on the moon. Then we’d be able to find other planets similar to earth.”
Sally giggled, “You wouldn’t go to other planets? You’d just look at them?”
“One day space travel will become easier, but for now a telescope would be like turning on the lights in a dark room. Once you know what’s out there, then you can decide where you want to go. It’s better than stumbling around in the dark of space. Who knows what nightmares astronauts might discover.”
“Do you really think the government will ever allow you to leave this island?” Sally asked me with concern in her voice.
I wondered if she had some kind of intuition about my feelings of being trapped on the Knolix Island or if it was just that obvious.
“The government and I have an agreement at the moment. It’s best for everyone if I remain here on the island, but if I decide to leave, I’ll go.”
I brushed her beautiful blond hair from her shoulder. “You’re very thoughtful, Sally.” I placed my other hand gently on hers as we exchanged a meaningful glance. It actually felt awkward to me. “Which brings me to an interesting question, do you think you and I could, or even should, have a relationship?” as soon as the words left my mouth, I wanted to take them back.
“What’re you saying? You’re not going to dump me again are you?” Sally became defensive. “If it’s meant to be then it’s destiny and it’ll happen all on its own.” She seemed so irritated to have to explain herself to me. “You need to be more patient. Just look at us, here we are together again. It’s a testament to destiny. Nothing can stop true love.”
Oh, ya, trust me to mess things up when they’re going so well.
“Okay, now just settle down. All I’m saying is we may want to discuss how much we’re willing to sacrifice for us.” I tried to explain.
“Maybe you should settle down, Eddy. This is only our first date. At this stage I think we should take things in stride. It would be different if we were married.”
Did she say the ‘M’ word? ‘Married?’ I almost collapsed.
“I’d be with you through it all.” Sally continued, “No matter where you go or what you did, I’d be right there with you.”
“You’re right, perhaps we’re getting a little ahead of ourselves. There’s no reason for us to have a conversation as deep as this right now. Please, forget I mentioned it.” I tried to change the subject with an easy transition. “You’ve been rather quiet about what you’re planning for the science fair. Are you willing to tell me a little bit about it?”
She looked at me skeptically. “Well, I’m not going to tell you too much, but I’d say it belongs in some elaborate computer convention in the U.S. My science project will be so complex Mr. Dalton won’t be able to break down my data.” she stretched her arms outward as she was getting tired.
“Would you like me to take you home now?” I asked her, but Sally leaned her head into me, snuggling.
“Oh, no. I’m having a great time.” Sally slid her hands around me as we looked up at the stars. “What do you like most about the stars?”
“Astrophysics I guess. Astrophysics is the study of the physical nature of stars. My dream is to someday visit Kitt Peak, Arizona, because it’s equipped with a long, specially designed solar telescope. It’s the world’s largest solar observatory.”
Sally was obviously no longer interested.
“Is something wrong?” I questioned.
“Oh, I just thought you would have a more romantic answer to my question.” Sally dropped her gaze to the fire. Looking at her I felt a wave of sadness wash over her face.
I looked up at the stars again and pointed as I said, “That one.”
Sally noticed I was pointing up at the night sky when she lifted her eyes and asked, “What are you talking about?”
“That one.” I repeated, “I’ve found a star that I’d like to name after you. It’s one of the brightest and it’s easy to find because it’s the center star of Orion’s belt. It’s the star of the present and I proclaim, from this day forward, it’s now named after you. Tomorrow I will contact the aerospace federation and make it official.”
One of Sally’s eyes welled up with a tear. “Oh, I like that. I would like to name one after you.”
“Go ahead, choose one.” I told her.
Sally used the telescope and zeroed in on a specific star. “The Eddy Evon star.” she asserted with a great smile of contentment on her face.
“There is one star out there which expresses how much my heart cares for you. Can you guess which one it is?” I asked her profoundly.
Sally thought about it, but she couldn’t come up with the answer. I told her I would tell her in the morning.
Sally cleverly answered, “The sun?”
“You got it.” I answered, “I care for you with a love that burns as big and bright as the sun.”
Sally cuddled right into my chest. We were so content in each other’s company. Gently, I stroked my fingers through her hair.
Out of the blue she teased me with her innocent smile. It was a mere distraction when she surprised me by bending forward and pecking me on the lips.
I was stricken by her.
Leaning toward her to steel another kiss, Sally didn’t know what I was doing. We bumped our heads awkwardly again. I thought she was hurt, until she began to laugh again. I laughed along with her.  
Curling up and snuggling into my chest, Sally looked to the sky and said. “It sure is beautiful. The stars are crystal clear and I can see details in the surface of the moon.”
‘How did I ever win Sally’s love? This will always be a mystery to me.’ “I hope I never wake if I’m dreaming.” I said.
Sally spoke softly, “You see? Fate.”

From our first official date, Sally and I saw much more of each other. We had many dinner dates. The two of us enjoyed cooking and preparing before we ate and cleaned up together. I left her letters and sent her cards in unexpected places which read about the things I liked most about her. Sometimes I sent her flowers with more notes wanting her to have a fantastic day.
She played dress up once in a while. She really went all out for such things. We never went to any fancy places on the island but that didn’t stop her from showing off how glamorous she looked.
I bought her special presents which were not always expensive and sometimes very simple just to surprise her. We talked about some of our first memories. For instance, reminisce about the first time we saw each other or our first kiss. We shared some of the feelings which we were too nervous to tell each other at the time. I never told her about being abducted by Jay or meeting aliens from another planet or the death of Hal. I kept other secrets too, like that my mother was from the Ied era and then there was my project of working on an insect vehicle in the side of a mountain on the mainland.
Sally and I could have a wonderful life here together. I was tempted on many occasions to tell her everything, but because we kept ourselves busy, it never felt like the right time. I didn’t get around to it.
When Sally and I would go for rides in my car, we would take along a special book and take turns reading it to each other. We went everywhere together, old abandoned mine tunnels, boat rides, horseback riding or hiking. We found a quiet and secluded place at the shore where we would go swimming together in private.
Because of how large I was compared too little petite Sally, she would often climb all the way into my shirt and tickle torture me. I liked it when she climbed around and scratched those hard to reach areas with her long finger nails.
I also enjoyed how Sally would take time to examine me. Her fingers would dance over my skin as she touched the raised metacarpals of my hand and rubbed the rippling bony plate of my forearm. Sally continued further to follow the curves of my muscles. Letting her fingers follow the lines of my tattoo, she told me she liked the design of the eagle and planet. Sally said she would change the wording one day so it read “Property of Sally.” When she kissed the raised scars of the numbers branded into me; ‘2006,’ I’d get an energy high.
Oh, how I loved her.
Hiking in the woods or walking for a long distance, Sally’s legs would get sore. I raised her up so she could sit on my shoulder plate.
Sally taught me the number one joyous desire everyone sought in the world was laughter. There was almost nothing that could make one feel so good, warm, alive, and happy to be with another person as a real good laugh. But I wanted more time with her. The job with Bigwheels became more trouble than it was worth. I decided to quit.
My mother was furious with me, but she just didn’t understand.
It wasn’t long before I was spending time with Sally at school, after school and in the evenings. I loved every moment with her. She was like a drug to me and I was happily addicted to her.

Gastonish, obsessed with the health and welfare of the new Zandith Crockmior, also had another agenda. She believed she could establish an advanced security of law that would lead humans into peace and prosperity. From her experience of life in the Ied era, she felt she could provide something beneficial for mankind.
The officials of the island were impressed with Gastonish’s plans. They supported her ambitions providing she shared all of her ideas and worked closely with them.
Chapter 24

TENSIONS RAN HIGH AT SCHOOL. It wasn’t easy being a volk amongst a primitive species. Everyone had a competitive drive to best their competitors on the day of the science fair.
Presenting their projects one by one, I anticipated my turn to share my brilliance as a volk.
Justin, a rugby player, displayed a miniature set of figures performing some kind of dark arts ritual and a twenty page written biography. 
Kinta presented an odd rendition of Darwin’s theory of evolution. In his version he posted progressive photos displaying the evolution of man. These were pictures he had drawn by hand. It started with fish and sea creatures, which later mutated into land crawling creatures. As the pictures evolved we saw fish to monkey, monkey to man and man to volk. It sure seemed like a stretch to me. Studies proved I had no ties to humans. Volks weren’t even from earth.
Frank made a classic science fair volcano. After his brief presentation he tried to blow the top off it, but he blew the whole thing up instead. It was an attention grabber, but it wasn’t likely to win at this science fair.
Sally had a good idea how competitive I was going to be so she put a lot of work into her project. Booting up the class computer she ran a 3D story from the monitor. Programming the story from beginning to end, Sally added orchestrated music as the frame by frame scenes took the class through space. We visited stars, constellations and other planet surfaces from her imagination. The final shot was of a little green animated alien with three eyes saying, “Zzz-zzz... Zzz-zzz... Zzhat’s all volks!” I was totally impressed and very proud of her. The worlds she had depicted were totally believable and may very well be discovered in the great mystery of space one day. Other projects were also interesting but nothing was as impressive as Sally’s.
There was, however, this one young girl who was very odd from the moment she stepped off the ferry. Part of the last group of people to be off loaded to the island, her name was Kiki Vixen and she dressed like a punk rocker. Her hair was jet black except for the green liberty spikes she had projecting from the left side of her head. Her project was impressive. It illustrated the skill of yo-yo tricks. From such an extra-ordinary skill-level she could defy the laws of gravity with her yo-yos. Kiki’s science display encompassed posters that she drew, coloured and hung up behind her that explained centrifugal force and how it pertained to what she could do with her yo-yos. On the floor beside her was her CD player blasting a hard punk rock version of ‘Man-eater.’ Kiki was so impressive everyone thought she’d win, hands down.
When it came time for my presentation, Mr. Dalton made the introduction. “And finally we come to Mr. Eddy Evon’s project which he has titled,” Mr. Dalton pushed his spectacle up his nose slightly and read my project’s name from a list he attached to a clipboard, “The ‘Volkevon?’” Everyone gathered around my table. At the center of the table-top was a shiny metal object which had the same size and shape of a football attached to some wires leading to a simple switch.
I announced, “This is an experiment which will defy the laws of gravity in place of its own gravitational field.”
Mr. Dalton’s eyes grew wide for a moment. “Now, Eddy that’s not what we discussed you were going to present. It says here, water and how it reacts to gravity.”
I cleared my throat. “Yes. That’s right, but since then my project has become more complex.” I told him.
Mr. Dalton took Frank by the arm and moved him to the front of the row.
Frank stood directly in front of me with the best view of my presentation. It didn’t seem strange to me at the time.
I announced my presentation. “I’ll attempt to create a new means of flight.” The students looked confused, but I had faith that would all change very soon. 
“Everything of matter is affected by gravity. Well, almost everything. Using electromagnetic energy, I have designed a gravimetric field, a ‘Volkevon field.’” Reaching down, I pulled another shiny metal football shaped object from a cardboard box. The other object was cut in vivisections to show what the inside of the Volkevon looked like. Pointing to the inner parts, I continued. “The core of this object, you see here, is the central power source. It’s called element 115 but for arguments sake we will just call it a bar magnet. At this tip is the north head and the opposite tip is the south head. This energy source acts as a particle accelerator. The center core is this round glass marble looking part that each of the magnetic heads run into. It’ll get very hot. Around the center core of the magnet is a carefully designed coil reflector with a radioactive center implant. This radioactive implant has microwave cross threaded beams. At the moment, the gravimetric field is running so low from the magnetic core it’s less harmful to you than your cell phones. It is the magnet that’s supplying the energy right now. The particle accelerator can become very unstable at high energy outflows, but element 115 is an island of stability. The only other time such an element can be stable is at element 247, according to my calculations.
“From this charged center, a radiation of antimatter is created. When I add antimatter with matter it produces 100% heat energy. This needs to be converted into electrical energy so I needed to design a compact thermal electric converter. As you can see from this model, there are no wires running throughout this device and when I start it up you’ll find there’ll be no exhaust either.
“From the huge discharge of stable electrical energy, three small gravity projectors can articulate their angles by the control of this remote.” Lifting the hand held remote controller I let everyone take a close look at it. “Radio waves and other forms of frequencies are distorted when in close proximity to this device so it was very difficult for me to find the proper remote device for this particular project. But before I show you this device in action I just want to explain a little further.
“This Volkevon produces four forms of force which are; 
1. Vibrational force, used to controlled frequencies between the relationship of matter and energy. 
2. Nuclear force. 
3. Gravitational force, and 
4. The force of repulsion.
“With my acute calibration of pulling and pushing forces, the Volkevon creates a field reality, if you will. A new realm or distortion.” I put the half-cut model back into its box.
I touched the two ends of the jumper cables together quickly. There was no spark, so I knew for certain the switch was off. I clamped the two ends of the jumper cords onto each end of the Volkevon. “Positive to the north head and negative to the south head.” Flipping the switch on, the Volkevon grew a haze around it like a glowing aura. Energy ran over the silvery metal hull like thin waves of gentle fire. It looked like a miniature version of a vorogon.
“I don’t like this at all, Eddy.” Spoke Mr. Dalton sternly. “You’ve mentioned nuclear energy. I had no idea you were dealing with this much unstable power in the classroom. You better turn it off!” The Volkevon bobbed and dipped as it rose off the table top.
“I cannot just shut it off, Mr. Dalton. All of the elements have to remain harmonized even for shutdown or else we run the risk of instability.”
Mr. Dalton remained silent, glaring at the Volkevon in worrisome thought.
I continued with my demonstration. “When I increase the power, the center core will charge with energy and heat up. Now for a full systems purge before charging the magnetic current. As the Volkevon grows stronger the field will develop and expand. The outer surface of the field will become much like a miniature atmosphere. Under this protective atmospheric field is, what I refer to as, a new realm. This realm has its own gravity, drawing everything into the center toward the nucleus. However the nucleus or central core is protected by the shiny metal hull of the Volkevon. This object will be free from our earth’s gravity. It will float around, immune to the force keeping you and I on the ground.
“Okay, it looks like it’s ready! Now stand back. This won’t move fast, but if someone hits it, it could take off on us and you won’t like being tugged by two gravities.” Pulling the switch, it slowly powered up.
“Just as a caution,” I raised my hand and put my finger in the air to catch everyone’s attention. “You may lose sight of the object from time to time, but you should be able to follow the distortion of its shape. Don’t be alarmed. It’s just bending light around its new field reality.”
Easing the switch over slightly to allow more energy to serge into the core, I released the cable clamps from the north and south poles. The Volkevon rose off the table silently. It seemed mystical to everyone watching as it developed an oval shaped distortion around it like energy waves.
“The distortion you see is the field reality.” I told everyone. Easing the small levers of the remote controller the Volkevon began to lift higher. “Using an omicron configuration against the deltacrom gravity projectors, I’m now able to control the movements of the device.” It rose slowly with a low crackly hum of a corona discharge, a by-product of the high voltage, other than this the room was soundless.
“Notice when the Volkevon moves, it tilts slightly in the direction it travels. This is because it’s creating a distorted gravity-wave. This gravity wave acts as a gravitational slope, so forward motion is like travelling downhill. This is merely an illusion. The craft will move in the direction of this illusion and this is how I can control the direction of the Volkevon.” The view of the Volkevon began to waver then the sight of it phased out of existence. Moving the levers, I tried to keep the distortions from bending light otherwise it would appear to have disappeared. Eventually the Volkevon cloaked from sight anyway.
Everyone gasped when it disappeared.
Mr. Dalton said. “I don’t like this. Eddy, bring it back! For the rest of you, line up at the main door. Consider this a fire drill!”
“I can’t bring it back, sir. The Volkevon isn’t that sophisticated. I have to let the charge wear off first before it’ll come down on its own.” I explained.
“Eddy, you’re in big trouble.” he turned to address the class. “Everyone out!”
Before the students even opened the main door, a student raised his hand to ask a question and unknowingly tapped the invisible Volkevon. A disturbance in the project’s atmospheric reality exposed the Volkevon with waves of distortion. Everyone saw the project begin to move before it disappeared from sight again. Confusion led to panic amongst my peers.
“Where is it now?!” A young voice asked with a slight quiver of fear behind it.
The students started running for the door in a mad rush. How could I have predicted my science project would end up in such disaster? Everyone panicked.
I didn’t find the Volkevon dangerous at all.
“Hey, order everybody!” Mr. Dalton called to his students. He was a little steamed “We have to work on our fire drill edicate people!”
I remained inside the classroom after trying to convince Mr. Dalton my Volkevon was harmless.
From outside the classroom window the teacher and all of the students watched. They were captivated, peering in at me. Most of the student’s noses were pushed up against the window until I pointed and shouted, “There it is!”
Outside, the students breathed relief. The Volkevon was right where I thought it’d be, hovering next to the ceiling in the corner of the classroom.
After pulling the Volkevon down from the ceiling corner, I asked my teacher. “I hope, just because you had to evacuate the classroom, you won’t let this little incident affect the way my project is graded.” I let go of the Volkevon carefully above the table and it just hovered weightlessly in the air.
“You can expect to answer for causing such a panic in my class, Eddy. I mean, it’s not like this problem will just disappear as easily as your Volkevon did.”
With all it took to get the Volkevon to work right, my presentation was a success. It worked and it was a breakthrough in present day science.
I wrote an equation on the chalk board; (λD ≡rTe4πe2ne L)
Mr. Dalton asked. “Eddy, can you tell me how your science project might benefit human kind?”
“Well, imagine the Volkevon was a spaceship and you were only one millimeter tall and piloting the ship into space. You could roll down the window for some fresh air or even open the door and step out with no fear of falling off your ship or being sucked away into the vacuum of space. The atmosphere would protect you in space and the gravity would keep you grounded to the hull. Air would be contained under the atmospheric field and would be protected from getting sucked out into space the very same way it is for our planet.”
“So you would not need a space suit?” Mr. Dalton asked. The looks on everyone’s face was priceless. I enjoyed their facial expressions as it began to sink in just what a scientific breakthrough my science project really was. The students could see there was much more going on than the obvious.
Glancing over my shoulder, I noticed Kinta put his arm around Sally. Defiantly, he proceeded to give her a big hug.
I expected Sally to push him away. Instead, she hugged him back.
My intellectual radar kicked in again and I could read their intense feelings they felt for each other. Their feelings were real. Not even Evon could repress the jealousy burning within my heart.
Glancing at them I lowered my head. Looking inward, I realized how obsessive I had become over Sally and I didn’t like it. This primal instinct allowed her to have too much control over me and my decision making. I knew, if I hadn’t known her, none of these feelings would affect me. This type of clear thinking was important to me and I was determined to get it back.
Glaring into Sally’s soul I spoke to her with my thoughts, ‘I could never do that to you!’
A shocked expression struck her. She jerked away from Kinta and snapped her head around to look at me.
Holding back my anger I wasn’t sure if I should feel guilty for my undeniable jealously. My feelings were being pulled in two directions. Part of me wanted to deal with her and the situation, the other wanted to be anywhere else but there.

Quietly driving over rocks through the dense woods, I followed Sally and Kinta. This proved just how enslaved I was to my heart. I didn’t want to act on my feelings, but at the same time, I couldn’t help it.
School was out and I could see them as I made my way over a steep narrow ridge. They walked side by side along the dirt road. Passing between the trees, everything was mottled with shadow puzzles of sunlight filtering through the branches. Should it surprise me that Sally was seeing her friends secretly? She was aware of the jealousy burning within me.
Hiding my car in the woods, I watched as Kinta and Sally approached a cabin. Kinta was talking about something when I heard him refer to the ‘Eddy factor.’
‘Why did he refer to me with such terminology?’ These were two school students. They didn’t work for the island officials. The possibility struck me they could have. ‘Did they make a deal with the government to trap me somehow, in exchange for money? Or perhaps a promise to be freed and shipped back to the mainland?’
Before entering the cabin, Sally and Kinta stopped. Looking intimately into each other’s eyes, Kinta kissed Sally.
My heart palpitated with a new spell of jealous rage.
After they kissed, they hugged.
Nothing could stop my reaction. The bushes exploded. I rose out of them with burning eyes. Marching toward the shocked couple like a raging beast, their fear satisfied to me, but it wasn’t enough.
Sally began to scream with horror while Kinta bolted for his life.
With three long strides I managed to grab Kinta by the scruff of his neck. Pulling him toward me, I curled my arm in so we were face to face. My angered glare was almost enough to free his ghost from his body.
Sally tried to escape too, but I swung around and caught her with my other hand.
“Let’s have a little talk.” I told them. A baseball bat struck me on the back of my head. I lost my grip on Kinta and Sally. Turning around I saw Justin holding the baseball bat. He lifted it above his head to clobber me once more, but I quickly took the bat from him.
“This is no childish game, Justin.” I said with my face invading his space. “Stay out of this before someone gets hurt.”
Fear twitched in Justin’s eyes, but the fear he felt was only a fraction of the terror he experienced after I snapped the baseball bat in half with my bare hands. He turned and disappeared into the jungle like a scared little rabbit.
Someone shot me in the rear-end with a small metal pellet. It stung. I turned and with my sharp eyes I saw Kinta hiding in the darkness of a cluttered barn. As he was trying to reload his pellet rifle, I ran toward him.
Before I could reach him, he shot at my face. Shielding my head with my bony forearm plate, I deflected the shot. Clumsily, I kicked over some flammable cans of paint and paint thinners.
Cringing my angered eyes, I snatched his rifle from his hands.
“No! Please! I didn’t mean to shoot you!” Kinta shivered with terror. “Don’t kill me, Eddy!”
“Just stay away from Sally!” I said forcefully.
Kinta pulled out a Zippo lighter from his back pocket. With a quick flick of his fingers the lighter sparked a flame.
“What do you plan on doing?” I questioned.
Without hesitation, Kinta threw his lighter at the spilled cans of paint and turpentine.
In a bright flash the chemical fumes ignited in a whoosh of fire.
Kinta shielded himself from the initial heat under a bale of hay.
Attempting to avoid the entrapment of fire my pants unavoidably went up in flames. Ripping off my shirt, I padded out my pants. The barn and the hayloft were quickly engulfed by the wicked fire. A slight wind carried flames and sparks to the bales of hay in an unstoppable tornado of flame. Holding Kinta close, I charged through the wooden wall of the barn. The dry wood of the barn and the hay fueled the hungry blaze. In moments, the burning barn came crashing to the ground. With no hair to lose to the fire and because my grey translucent skin wasn’t so easily burned, it appeared I escaped unscathed.
“Where’s Sally?” I asked Kinta eagerly.
“I don’t know! She ran off into the woods!” he answered, pointing in the direction he saw her last. “You’re scaring us!”
Glaring into the woods with my sharp eyes, I listened with my acute hearing. In response to the crack of a distant stick, I located a small piece of Sally’s pink sweater. She was about a quarter of a mile away with dense wilderness between us. I only saw a small glimpse of her but it looked like she was heading for her home.
A convoy of military and fire fighting vehicles raced down the dirt road and swarmed into the farm area.
We all ducked out of sight before the emergency vehicle personnel could identify us. Disappearing into the woods behind the burning barn, I doubled back to my hidden car. Driving off silently, the jungle seemed to swallow me whole.
When the military soldiers arrived to the scene of the fire, they were conveniently prepared. It was like they were right next door. ‘We must’ve been under surveillance. How else were they able to respond so efficiently to a fire that wasn’t reported?’
Chapter 25

TEARING THROUGH THE WOODS, my car mowed over small trees and bushes. As my vehicle crawled over a ridge of rocks, I quickly located Sally. She stopped running for a second to look back in my direction. When she saw me bearing down on her, her mouth dropped open, “Oh, no!” The chase was on. She was determined to escape me.
Falling to the ground Sally surrendered with an ear splitting scream.
My vehicle was far too fast for her. I jumped out of my car and walked around to the front. As I bent down to Sally, she tried desperately to crawl away. Placing my hand on her back, she cringed and screamed for me not to harm her.
“I won’t hurt you, Sally.”
Turning her head to look up at me, her eyes became calm. My voice reassured her of my sincerity. Sally gave me her hand and I helped her to her feet.
“I wish I hadn’t been so naive.” I pointed my finger at her, “You’re so manipulative. My first impression of you was correct after all.”
“Your first impression?” Sally asked cocking her head to be sure she heard me correctly. “What was your first impression of me?” She gave me a skeptical eye.
“You’re a flirt.” I told her. “You’re nothing but a small town flirt, so needy and hungry for other people’s affections. You’ll say anything to get the boys to swoon over you.”
“A flirt?” she said with wide, disbelieving eyes. She was so surprised it almost seemed like she was going to have trouble catching her breath. “I’m nothing of the sort, Eddy Evon!”
Kinta rose up from behind some nearby boulders. He had taken a running start and leapt off the rocks to attack me with wooden branches.
I reached out to him and caught him out of the air and held him by a fist full of his shirt.
Kinta continued to strike me with the branches, breaking them over my cranium.
With ease I plucked the shortened branches out of his grasps with my free hand and tossed them away. Annoyed, I shouted at him. “Just stop it!” I put him down and held him by his wrist. Reaching out, I took hold of Sally by her wrist also. “Now, listen to me, both of you!” The tone of my voice said it all. I was livid. “I’ll break your arms if you struggle to get away... don’t test me.” I throttled them slightly.
A moment passed as we all just settled down. They were breathing hard.
I drew in a deep breath of my own before saying, “What’re we doing here?”
Sally and Kinta glanced at one another before they looked up at me.
“I can’t be a part of this. This human thing you do. The uncertainties, the lies, if you two are so hung up on one another then go ahead, be a couple.”
“What?” Sally said, fighting to pull her arm free. I finally decided to just let her go. I’m sure she knew I’d never actually break her arm. “I’m not interested in Kinta!”
“Wha?” Kinta questioned.
“It’ll take more convincing than your word before I’ll believe you.” I told her.
Kinta kept looking at her. He was stunned.
“Some government officials ordered me to get closer to him and report on any strange activities he might be up to.” Sally said seriously.
“Kinta? Now I know you’re lying.” I said. “Now if you had said you were ordered to get closer to me for surveillance purposes, then I might be more inclined to believe you, but Kinta? Ya right.”
“Ya, not too smart, Sally.” Kinta added.
“You don’t understand.” Sally persisted. “Kinta is close to being set free from the island. They believe he’s the next likely person to be re-admitted back into society. His treatments have eradicated his virus. I wasn’t ordered to dig up dirt on him. I was ordered to verify he was clean.”
“Really?” Kinta perked up.
“Yes, but I’m not sure if there’ll be consequences if they find out I’ve told you about their plans.” Sally warned.
Kinta pulled his arm free from my grip. He rubbed his wrist as he told Sally, “You’d mess with my feelings?” Kinta shook his head, “It doesn’t matter, actually. I’d do anything to get off this island too, if I were you.”
Sally nodded to him.
“There’s no reason any of us need to mention this to the island officials, right?” Kinta said, as he gave me a pleading look.
“Your secret’s safe with us.” I told him.
Kinta looked back at Sally and gave her some sort of salute, “Sorry toots, your loss.” He stepped out of our little circle and ran down through the jungle toward town.

Fixing our eyes on one another, Sally and I were alone once again. After studying her face, I realized I was no longer interested in her.
“Are we finished here?” she asked sternly with her arms crossed.
“Yes we are and for now on call me, Mr. Evon.” I told her.
In response to the sound of its name, Evon flew out of my ear. Sally’s eyes followed it as it hovered around slowly between us. Evon floated to me at eye level and asked, “HOW CAN I ACCOMMODATE YOU, MY LORD?” The fly size robot spoke clearly.
I clapped my hand around the sertz and gave Sally the stupidest smile I’ve ever owned.
“Let me see that!” She insisted reaching out to try opening my closed fist. “What is it?” Her green eyes were wide with curious excitement.
“No! You can’t see it! It’s a secret!”
“Look, I can prove you can trust me,” she let go of my hands. “All you have to do is trust me now.”
Looking into her eyes, I wanted to trust her. I wanted it more than anything. So I took it a step further and read her intensions telepathically. When I could find no deceit in Sally, I opened my cupped hands and released my sertz. “I might as well show you everything.” I told her. Walking back to the cab of the car, Evon followed me and Sally followed Evon.
“Can I… touch it?” Sally asked as she drew closer to the rear of Evon. The little sertz fascinated her.
“I’m not sure if he’ll let you.” I chuckled.
Sally reached out her finger to poke the tiny flying sertz. Evon evaded her attempt with ease then it gave her a little shock.
Sally squawked and thought twice about trying to poke my sertz again.
Pulling my romstrunn from the backseat of my car, I noticed Sally’s look of ambiguity. I then clasped the romstrunn over my forearm. It fit to my arm’s shape.
Noticing my romstrunn Sally said, “Fancy!” with only a fraction of sarcasm in her tone. “What does that nifty gadget do?”
I wanted to tell her my secrets for so long, it felt great. I wanted to spill it all out at once.
“This is a romstrunn. As a boy I would explore its memory data base. As you can see, it’s not of this world. If the wrong people attained the secrets in this baby, providing humans could grasp the terminology, your way of life would soon drastically change.”
Sally feared the romstrunn based on what I told her. “Here’s something basic I can show you. Evon, relay visual optics of a journey route in A-15 free-lance level one including series of spectrum and related features, lasting per turn of page.”
Evon circled around our heads once.
Sally turned to follow the little sertz.
“Don’t look at the sertz. Keep your eyes on the monitor.” I opened the romstrunn on my arm to a page made of highly concentrated micro bio-luminescent fibers. There, an image appeared of flight movement. It was Evon’s perspective. It was venturing through the jungle in high speed.
“This is what the little robot can see?” Sally asked inquisitively.
“Yes, it is and he can alter his perspective.” I told her then Evon began to cycle through its optical capabilities. We were on an adventure which took us through places of the island neither of us had ever seen before. ‘This will likely be the only time Sally and I will see images from the sertz perspective on this island.’
As Evon flew I turned the transparent pages of my romstrunn. The first page depicted an ultra violet sighting of radiation. The pages switched to other colours of red, orange, yellow, green, blue and indigo before I condensed them and used the entire prism at once. Evon continued its joy ride as it moved through tiny crevasses and past countless trees. It was wild.
Sally, on the other hand, was interested but found the experience a little too strange. I continued turning pages which eventually brought us to isometric anti-thermograph perception. These hot and cold colours revealed underground rivers and other cold shapes that were otherwise undetectable by the naked eye.
Evon was moving over some tree tops to return to our position on the rough and jagged look-out when Sally asked, “Hey, what’s that?”
“What’s the matter?” I questioned.
“Tell your little robot, ‘thingy’ to go back. I think I saw some people or ghosts of people anyway.” She glanced up at me with her captivating green eyes and shrugged her shoulders.
“It was probably some old image that had been burned into the page from long ago.” I tried to reason.
“Eddy.” Sally said as she glared at me with frustration.
“Evon, circle around and view that last rock-face once more.” I ordered, pointing my finger. Evon circled around us before approaching the rock wall. The little robot paused in mid-flight.
Sally and I stared into the page of the romstrunn with earnest anticipation. Unfortunately for her, there were no signs of any residual human forms in the page.
“See that!” Sally shouted.
With Evon viewing through its thermograph, a human form appeared for a split second then it disappeared. Sally and I exchanged glances and turned back to the romstrunn.
The humanoid form was a heat signature, but it was too faint to be anything certain. The romstrunn was used. I wasn’t sure how old it was, but it had been through a lot.
The form appeared again and remained on the romstrunn page much longer. Studying it, the ghostly thermal image really looked like a human. The form raised an arm before it returned at his side. It had human mannerism.
Next, the humanoid heat form distinctly walked four paces.
“Evon, remain where you are and continue your survey.” I walked to the rough stone wall and pushed my ear against it. Sally followed me and we never let our eyes leave the visual page of my romstrunn.
Sally saw my X-rayed body move cautiously into the sertz’s view. “Can you hear anything going on in there?” Sally was a buzz of enthralled excitement. “Everyone suspected the Knolix Island operatives inhabited inner corridors of the great island. We used to joke about it at school all the time, but such a notion always seemed too incredible to be true.
I moved my ear away from the rock to speak to Sally. “Stop and listen for a moment, then tell me what you hear.”
She listened briefly, before she said, “I don’t hear anything, what’s your point?”
I brought my voice down to a low whisper, “There are millions of different sounds I hear. The wind carries sounds of birds... insects... waves across the sea and the heaviness you use to draw in a breath.”
“Wonderful point, Eddy, but what can you hear inside this rock?” Sally was comfortable with me but something about her had changed. We were no longer in love. This was obvious, but there was something else between us, something deeper.
With the romstrunn open, I took it off and gave it to Sally. “Hold this.” I told her.
Sally leaned forward under the unexpected weight of the device.
When Sally held the romstrunn in her arms securely, I nudged her to step back. Listening to the rock once more, I heard sounds of electronic software in use. A printer and some other instruments were active, but the soft sounds were muffled behind the thick rock. Inside a person typed on a keyboard. I concentrated to single out any voices. Seven minutes passed as the humans within made small talk. Finally, I heard a muffled human voice ask, “Tony, what’s your code clearance for the Knolix system again?”
“I can’t always be telling you classified information, Don.” Spoke a second distorted voice. I heard more keys being typed into the computer.
“What do you hear?” Sally annoyed me with her constant questions so I waved my hand at her to be quiet.
“Six-two-T-S?” A voice asked to confirm the final part of the code.
“Correct! Now, let’s get back to work.” The echoey voice replied.
I lifted a stone over my head and slammed it against the rock-face three times. The mountain was hollow. Swinging around to Sally I peered into the romstrunn page. Two human forms were shaken and began shuffling about in a panic. As the men inside inspected the wall, their bodily forms became clearer through my romstrunn.
Sally tapped an icon on the romstrunn’s screen and the image became even clearer. I was certain she was good with any computer, even volk tech.
Closing the romstrunn, I called, “Evon!”
Then I eyed Sally and swallowed hard before telling her, “You have to get in my car!” I had such a strong and immediate sense to act on this discovery swiftly and decisively.
Evon darted into my ear. Turning my car around, I headed down the dirt road of the island. We seized the moment.
I couldn’t help but to imagine what it must be like within the island. ‘It must be filled with a maze of corridors and secret rooms. But what other secrets could be found?’ I had to find out. Somehow, some way, I had to get inside the island.
Winding my way through the dirt roads toward the school, I tried to keep from being noticed.
“Here we are, school.” I said as we pulled up to the little schoolhouse. “Let’s go!”
We jumped out of the car and ran to the school where we raced up the front steps. I tried the door handle but it was locked.
“Mr. Dalton must’ve locked up and gone home already. Forget it, you’ll never get in now.” Sally braced herself as she expected me to speed away for a new destination, but I wasn’t finished with the schoolhouse yet.
“Sally, you know if you want to enter some place all you have to do is knock.” I casually swung my fist toward the door and with very little effort, I knocked the door from its hinges and it collapsed to the floor.
We ran in and I started the computer. “Eddy, what exactly are you planning to do?” Sally was concerned that we were wasting time.
“If this island has a central computer I bet you could access it.” I stood up from the computer and pulled the chair out for Sally.
“Access the island’s central computer? Where exactly would I start? More importantly, what makes you think this computer is hooked up to the central computer?”
“If it is hooked up to the Net, I’m sure it’s all tied together. You’re a lethal computer hacker. Let’s crack the Knolix system.”
Sally glanced up at me and keyed the system into the web search. We came to about a hundred different Knolix systems and they all had to be accessed by code. I gave her the final sequence of the code I heard, “62-TS.”
While Sally was busy trying to hack into one of the systems, I asked Evon to find my pencil. Evon always came through for me on occasions when I misplaced something. A sertz never forgets.
“I’ve got it!” Sally shouted. “Sorry I took so long. The complete code is 8462-TS.” The computer screen scrolled through a cycle of information. After the computer lingo flashed across the screen, a marvelous federal eagle and globe emblem appeared over a deep blue back drop.
“This is exactly what got me in trouble in the first place.” Sally said nervously.
“Yes but this time you’re going to get off this island and I’m going to protect you.” I reassured her. I leaned closer to her, drawn by her scent.
She gave me a wistful, playful smile.
The federal emblem lasted about fifteen seconds before we were in and able to search the system. Sally and I started with the island and found it had a higher security than they wanted us to believe. According to the Knolix system, the island’s name was confirmed as the Knolix Island and it was completely manufactured and created by man. A few years ago it wasn’t even here.
Not only was the island quarantined, it was the secret government grounds for the conduct of many other top secret projects. Ferries and freighters used for transport to and from the island until they ceased after my mother and I escaped the island the first time. We used the computer screen pen to point and click as we glanced through each of the island’s levels. The first level was of the outer surface of the island, but next the computer revealed that the inside of the island was a complex network of corridors and rooms. Within the island’s peak they kept helicopters, cannons, a radar aperture and dish with various technical instruments from weather to observation. Level by level we explored the entire inner island, one floor at a time. The exterior of the island, we knew, was just the tip of the iceberg. The inside of the island extended far into the ocean depths to the surface of the ocean’s floor.
Studying the computerized map of the island, we found each of the rooms were numbered. By using the mouse and double clicking on any given number, a screen would appear providing us access to the area’s surveillance cameras. We could access several video surveillance view points from both inside and outside the island. With a tap of the mouse we could listen through the audio systems also.
There were fifty eight thousand nine hundred and eighty two cameras throughout the entire island, depicting images from small simple private quarters for staff, recreational swim and fitness gym, bio chemical labs, blood labs, DNA research and testing labs. The center of the island had a huge solid cylindrical core which passed through many levels. Its number corresponded with the letters T.S. core storage facilities. Below the core facility was the main power generator. At the outskirts of the generator was the lower military bunker and hardware hanger. Multiple security sectors were located at random locations all over the island’s grid and similar hidden passageways were also found, but not all of them led out to a road. Some led out to surface facilities like the doctor’s office, people’s homes and even the schoolhouse.
We were so confused and conflicted about the matter.
‘Schoolhouse?’ I looked around the room in wonderment. Recalling the time I spent in that school room, I never suspected a hidden passage anywhere. It roused my imagination.
I told Sally to download everything to a disk and keep quiet while I searched for the hidden passage. Knocking on the chalkboard, stomping my feet on the floor and looking behind every wall, I came up empty handed.
After Sally downloaded the files onto a disk, I opened the romstrunn and placed the disk inside a slot. It was secure there.
Ready to search the only other place a secret passage could be, I took Sally outside to the cellar doors at the back of the school. Pulling the doors open. The padlock and chain easily snapped off. Leading Sally down the stairs into the darkness and past a boiler to the far wall, I was surprised to find so much empty space but no sign of a secret door.
“I can’t see a thing.” Sally whispered as we both had to bend down under the low ceiling of wiring, water pipes and vents.
“You’re better off!” a voice spoke to us. “What do you think you’re doing down here anyway?” We both recognized the voice. It was Mr. Dalton. I thought we were alone just a moment before and my eyes were pretty good in the dark.
Sally let out a breath and wanted to sprint for the door.
Stepping toward my teacher, I raised my hand to his face and flicked him in the forehead with my finger. He was out cold before he hit the floor.
Glancing to my left, I saw a bench of tools along with some old dusty parts. To my right I saw it, the large secret door. It looked like the concrete walls except for a tiny blinking red light above it. A security computer card-lock panel was mounted to the wall beside the large door. This too was disguised as a wooden birdhouse. I found a lightbulb hanging from the ceiling with a small dangling chain. Pulling the chain, the basement lit up with a soft warm glow.
Sally studied the room quickly once the darkness was defeated. “Oh my! What have you done to Mr. Dalton?” Sally went to the school teacher where she checked to make sure he was breathing and to be sure he still had a pulse.
“How is he?” It was then I began to wonder if Mr. Dalton was seriously injured.
“He’s okay, but what did you do to him?”
“I knocked him out.” I told Sally.
Sally glared at me. “He’s a good man. Don’t hurt anyone else or I won’t cooperate with you anymore and turn you in myself.”
“I’m desperate and I’m not going to be caught. You have nothing to worry about. I’ll protect you. Just keep to my instructions.” When I spoke to Sally this way, she tensed up.
“Well, maybe we should scrap this whole idea anyway. Being thrown into a high security prison isn’t my idea of freedom. It could easily happen to me, but a volk? What would they do to you? Aren’t you worried they will lobotomize an uncooperative volk?”
“What’re you saying? You want me to do nothing? I can’t do that. Everything’s changed now. There’s no going back. Do you understand? When we head inside this door, we will find out what they’re trying so hard to keep from us. You’re with me, aren’t you?”
“What good will it do you to know the secrets of this island if it’s just going to get you killed? You and I would be better off not going any further. We could enjoy our time here rather than risk everything, besides not even you couldn’t get through that door, Eddy.” Sally had attitude. “Unless you can surprise me and produce a pass code card with a magnetic strip from your deck of trick cards.”
“No, I don’t need to produce a pass-code card. Mr. Dalton should already be carrying one. Come on, let’s search him.”
Sally stood with her hand on her hip and gave me a coy stare. She was putting up her fair share of resistance. I began to bend down to search Mr. Dalton myself when Sally quickly bent down beside me and frantically searched the pockets of the school teacher. In no time, Sally found the card in the wallet of the teacher’s inside jacket pocket. She slipped the card into her own pocket and ran up the stairs out of the cellar. “I’m sorry Eddy, but I can’t let you do this!” Sally shouted back at me as she ran.
I heard a lot of noise growing outside. Running out behind Sally, I saw a massive military force approaching from down the road. My mother once told me, the bees will sting you if you shake their hive.
Kicking up a huge cloud of dust behind them, five AH-64 Apache helicopters approached low. A Mi-17 helicopter landed between Sally and the oncoming MK VII Churchill Crocodile tanks, armored personnel carriers, surface-to-surface missile (SSM) trucks and military jeeps.
Sally climbed aboard the Mi-17 helicopter then it lifted off.
“Uuhhgg!” I groaned. ‘I don’t believe this.’
Chapter 26

IN A SPACIOUS MAHOGANY OFFICE, the top halves of the walls were a deep forest green and decorated with awards. Two large maps covered two of the walls almost entirely. One map was of the world and the other was an enlarged topography view of the Knolix Island.
Tall and staturesc, arrayed in glory, Gastonish glided in amongst the others. The man who took a place standing closest to Gastonish was Dr. Vonn. While Gastonish closely examined complicated blue prints, he stood just behind her left shoulder like he was her bodyguard.
“I’m warning you. There’re great dangers in trying to construct a one leader sovereignty for the entire planet. It’s a task too large for even a volk. You’d need a computer with the ability to make instant decisions and work non-stop. A volk can almost do just that, but even if we could do this, who would trust a computer to control the world?”
“Or a volk for that matter.” a decorated General spoke up boldly.
“How many dangers are you dedicated to dream up?” Gastonish continued, “The least of which is creating such global dependency?”
“What’re you really suggesting? That you or your volk son should be leader of the world?” asked the gallant and confident voice of the president of the United States of America.
Dr. Vonn stepped forward and let out a heavy breath. “Gastonish isn’t human, but she’s on our side so we owe it to her to listen.”
“A healthy and strong civilization needs to begin with a healthy and strong leader.” Gastonish began again. “Once people find more opportunities for success the benefits will be clear to follow the rules than to choose a life of crime.”
“Crime doesn’t pay?” A stocky built Russian ambassador asked. “I’ll believe dat when I see it.”
The vice president of the United States of America started up. “Well, perhaps it’s just human nature but if there’s something to be gained from history, it’s that it repeats itself. Governments and kingdoms rise and fall. Populations grow and millions will die in war, disease or famine. Life in this world has its own form of control. We call it ‘nature.’ Throughout history there’ve always been people who opposed a higher power. There’s always going to be a challenger of authority. Breaking rules has always been an effective form of change. Yelling things like, ‘In the name of freedom!’”
“You’re the leaders! You have to yell it first. Find the best solutions for your problems and stay ahead of the curve.” Gastonish explained. “We need to break the cycle of this world’s nature. For the sake of argument, let’s say earth wasn’t big enough for the human population. Do you know how many habitual worlds there are out there? You need only minor changes to make other worlds inhabitable. Protect your planet but earnestly search for other worlds too. Establish yourselves as a strong race of people with impeccable moral integrity.
“What’s more important is leadership. Who’ll lead humanity and make the big decisions will determine the future’s course.”
“This is why we will test these new forms of government control and development right here on this island’s citizens.” spoke the king of Nigeria. He was in favor of Gastonish’s approach. 
“Here on the island?” The American president cut in critically, “Should we test a system from volks, with volks? It’s fine to do so, but I’m even more interested in the results from tests made specifically with humans.” The president looked at Gastonish. “Don’t get me wrong Gastonish, you and your son are truly remarkable but I need to focus on the future of the people of earth.”
“Of course, Mr. President.” Gastonish answered, though she caught a dangerous thought from the President at that moment. Her telepathy uncovered his true hatred for all volk-kind. He believed there were more on their way to earth to wipe out the human race and take the planet as their own.
Dr. Vonn cleared his throat before he spoke again, “Eddy has taken a strong leadership role to the civilians of Knolix Island. He’s brought will-power and hope to the people who otherwise felt trapped here. This is but a glimpse of what Eddy could provide for us in the future if we decide to let him loose and lead our world.”
The doctor’s comment didn’t stir remarks from the other officials, but it did cause them to consider other possibilities.
Abruptly, my red car exploded through the small window of the office and tore down most of the wall around it with an ear splitting crash. Pieces of wood and gyp rock littered the office as it was engulfed in a cloud of dust.
My six wheeled land rover landed heavily in the office where I found Gastonish among decorated humans of stature. Opening my door, I called out to my mother, “Quick mom! Get in! We haven’t much time!”
“Eddy Evon, what do you think you’re doing?!” Gastonish demanded an answer.
“Mom, listen! Get in the car right now!” I opened the door. “These people aren’t who they claim to be. I’ll explain later! Now get in the car!” I spoke very fast as volks can.
A moment was lost as my mother turned to look at the men rising to their feet. One of the men opened his jacket to reach for his side-arm. They all had minds to kill the volks except Dr. Vonn.
“Get in!” I directed her with haste. Gastonish turned away from the men and took a step toward me.
“Halt or I’ll shoot!” hollered the words from behind a desk. It was the secretary of defense.
Gastonish never broke her pace.
I heard loud knocking sounds as handguns fired, but they didn’t seem loud enough. I knew a gun was fired because Gastonish lurched as she fell into the backseat. A stream of dark blood marked the bullet’s course as it passed right through the left side of her upper chest.
“Gastonish… No!!!” yelled Dr. Vonn.
Xonox shot out of my mother’s ear. Her little sertz was still operating with the code of the thrustle-T. It shot three bright twinkling stars at the man who fired the gun.
He was turning to target me next.
Sounding off across the room, resonating like the tone of wind chimes, the stars disappeared into the stomach, chest and head of the secretary of defense. All three of the impact points began splitting him open. The wounds continued to rip and shred open in a grotesque manner until the body was entirely turned inside out like Gastonish’s insects.
The sound of flesh tearing almost made Dr. Vonn throw up.
The other men scrambled to keep from sharing in the same manner of death but when they came to the door they found it locked.
Dr. Vonn dashed toward Gastonish and held her arm. “Don’t go! Please.” swallowed the doctor. “They’ll kill us!” The other men in the room were horrified at what happened to their comrade. They also reached into their jackets taking hold of weapons.
Leaning out I grabbed Dr. Vonn and pulled him into the backseat of my car with Gastonish. The door slammed shut behind them. Bullets ricochet off the thick metal of my car. Driving further into the study room, I knocked the men to the floor. Their barking guns ceased.
Throwing the stick into reverse, my wheels spun as I backed out. My car tore up the floor as it weakening the building’s supports before the room of the facility collapsed.
“Mom, you’ve been shot!” Spinning the car around I tore off down the road. “How can I help? Dr. Vonn, do something!” I turned right around and shot a look at the doctor in the backseat. Speaking more calmly, I said, “Dr. Vonn, you’ve got to help her.” The doctor was silent and his eyes, confused.
As though waking from a trance, Dr. Vonn took off his jacket and held it over my mother’s bullet wound to apply pressure. “It’s bad, Eddy.” answered the doctor. Dark red blood soaked her shirt.
“The Ied era!” a thought of hope slammed into me. “We have volks in our time who can help you. Be strong for me mom! I can still save you. Just hold on! I just have to take you to the Ied era where you can be helped.”
Leaning the car into a side-ways skid, the six wheels spun relentlessly. I drove our heavy momentum out of the skid. When tires gripped the road again, we tore around a corner. Behind us, the maneuver kicked-up a monstrous cloud of dust.
“From the beginning, I clung to the hope I’d finish the Zandith Crockmior.” Gastonish spoke. “I’ve done all that’s necessary. The metamorphic stages of the lifeboat from larva to insect should be completed well enough to fulfill our purpose. However, it’s best to wait until the lifeboat emerges from its cocoon and eats. Then it will be ready to leave this world.”
“Are you sure we should have this discussion while Dr. Vonn is here?” I asked.
“We need only to move quickly, Eddy. Secrets don’t matter anymore.”
“In that case…” I held out my lintin to my mother throwing my arm to the backseat and pointing my fist at her. “Evon! Extract the bullet from my mother!” Dr. Vonn’s eyes followed my little sertz as it connected to the lintin on my wrist. Thin beams of light shot out of the eyes of my sertz and hit the bullet wound of Gastonish. The metal bullet came out of the bullet hole like a long thin needle. This was a painless procedure for Gastonish.
The look in Dr. Vonn’s eyes added surprise to his shock. He hadn’t suspected that Gastonish and I could have any technological secrets.
As Dr. Vonn held his jacket to her bullet wound, Gastonish cupped her hand around his wrist and moved it away. He was no longer applying pressure. Gastonish gazed into his eyes seriously as he looked back at her with confusion. She tore her blouse exposing the bloody wound. Xonox emerged from her ear and Dr. Vonn’s eyes grew wide again when he caught sight of it.
“What are these things?!” He demanded to know. “I suspected you were keeping something from me, but this?...”
Xonox circled around between them and began to mend the wound with its tiny robotic arms. Gastonish flinched only slightly as the sertz worked with speed and precision.
Dr. Vonn looked on in amazement as he actually saw the wound closing before him.
I reached my arm out to my mother and gently took her hand as I smiled at her supportively. Then I reached down to the floor of the passenger seat and lifted my mother’s suitcase to her.
“My suit, Eddy?” Gastonish asked. Her pain had significantly lessened. “Thank you.” She cringed again as it seemed the sertz pinched her.
In the blink of an eye, a brigade of military vehicles raced around the corner of the road toward us. Everybody hit the brakes and tried to veer off in a last ditch effort to avoid a multivehicle collision.
My bumper kissed the edge of the lead military jeep casting a flash of sparks. As I grated the side of my car against an M1 Abram tank, the jeep careened off the side of the road and into a ravine.
The commander of the M1 Abram opened up on me firing shots from his M2-.50 caliber. He quickly changed his mind as the convoy came between us.
Speeding up, I dodged through the dusty traffic. I had no intentions to give the M1 Abram an opportunity to discharge a shot from its main M256-120mm cannon. Dashing out through the mad rush of military traffic into their trailing wake of dust, I was blinded for a moment until the five AH-64 Apache helicopters overhead spotted us.
They changed direction and flew past us. They were so low they pushed two huge dust swirls off each side of the road.
Recognizing my surroundings, I found I had veered off the road. We were heading for a short-cut through the woods.
Finding my way to a path that wound along a steep ravine, I cut my way through the thickness of bushes, ferns and thin trees. It was difficult to navigate my car at such a high speed. Like a roller coaster that had no end, the trail led us in every direction. The land was like a series of ramps and I used them to launch my car into the air and leap through the forest. We tore up through the over grown foliage and jumped over the dirt road and the military vehicles that occupied it. We came out of the forest at the far side of the school’s field.
Exploding out of the bush I drove us across the open schoolyard.
“You’re crazy!” Dr. Vonn spat at me. “I’ve been studying you your whole life and I still can’t figure you out. What do you think you will accomplish by trying to out-run the military? The helicopters have been with us the entire time! You can’t lose them!”
“I was taking a short-cut, doctor.” I told him flatly.
“So you could get captured sooner, here at the school?” came Dr. Vonn’s question, just before a row of ammunition from the helicopter chewed up the ground alongside us.
“Shut-up!” Gastonish snapped. Her tone was noticeably weaker and she seemed to sit sluggishly in her seat as she powered up her suit. The suit covered her body as her helmet formed around her head.

My car’s treads clawed and dug through the school field, leaving two trenches to mark our path. Chunks of dirt and grass were thrown high into the air behind us. Ripping through the sandy playground, my car continued up a small grade.
Two soldiers clad in green army fatigues stood guard at the cellar doors outside the school. They lifted their automatic rifles and opened fire.
My windshield was riddled with bullet holes. We kept our heads low as I increased speed. The hood held up under the violent fire-power.
The brave guards stood their ground to the last possible moment before they dived out of my way.
Crashing through the double doors to the ground entrance of the basement, one of my spotlights still functioned. I stopped short of the menacing metal door that blocked the way into the island. A quick observation revealed Mr. Dalton’s body had been removed.
“Evon, recreate the sound of a rapid fire machinegun.”
At my command, Evon flew out of my ear and opened its little robotic mouth as wide as it could. With astounding sharpness the little sertz repeated the sound of gunfire. The sound was so authentic Dr. Vonn shot his hands to his ears and ducked down low.
I could hear the soldiers outside, “Find cover! Find Cover! They’re armed.” Hearing the sound of their feet scampering off into the distance satisfied me that I had bought us a little time.
“Doctor, if you will. Use your pass code card to open this door.” I said as I gave Dr. Vonn the stare.
This was a moment of truth. Would Dr. Vonn help me and my mother, or was he just another company man?
“I don’t have clearance.” Dr. Vonn answered with a shrug of his shoulders. Then he showed me the palms of his hands. “I’m sorry.”
“Your attempt to persuade me that your card doesn’t grant clearance, is useless. You have Majestic clearance, remember? Now, use your card and open the door or I’ll open it for you.” The Doctor tried to waste time in a stare, but when I opened my door to get out, he moved.
Dr. Vonn walked up to the panel beside the door and held out his card. He glanced back at me and I took a step toward him.
My face slightly entered the light of the spotlight and my facial shadows portrayed an exaggerated expression of volk anger.
For a split second the doctor’s eyes flared in shock. He dropped the card to the floor and proceeded to stomp and scuff it under his feet. The card was destroyed. Its plastic coating cracked and pealed back and the writing and bar codes of it were ruined. Turning, he looked at me solemnly. His eyes tightened as he awaited his punishment.
“Doctor Vonn.” I said disappointedly. Looking into his thoughts, I was surprised to find how much he really did care. He thought he was doing the right thing, but he also believed he’d soon be killed, one way or the other. “Get in the car!”
Promptly, Dr. Vonn took his seat without hesitation.
I stood between the car and the mysterious solid concrete door and called for Evon. My sertz came out of my ear and attached itself to my lintin wristband.
I held out my fist. Evon’s eyes glowed brightly and shot out a thread size beam against the door. The metal door within the concrete liquefied and spilled to the floor. 
An alarm sounded and a female voice announced, “Security breach in the schoolhouse sector!” Over the metallic puddle I rammed my car through the thin concrete door. On the other side, we looked down a long silvery hallway that stretched out beyond.
The sound of rotors chopping the air was the drum beat of war. Military soldiers were deployed from the AH-64 Apache helicopters and approached the schoolhouse.
I swung around and jumped back into the driver’s seat.
Bullets streamed in at us. Racing, I drove into the corridor of the island. Heading into the mysterious unknown, there was no turning back.
The only way we would get out of our dire situation was to plow our way right through it.
Chapter 27

MY RUBBER TIRES SQUEAKED across the smooth surface of the narrow corridor as we raced down the tight passage. We came to another sealed door. I sped up and rammed the doors down with the large front tires. We came to a sudden stop and realized we were within an elevator. The car didn’t fit completely inside. Spinning the wheels, I shot the broken doors out behind us sending them clattering down the hall. Gearing down, the large protruding front tires gripped the wall and crawled up. It felt like we were pointing straight up when I heard the tail pipe and rear bumper scrape the floor. I kept us angled upward until my entire car filled the compartment of the elevator. More bullets sprayed at us from a computer controlled rifle that dropped down from the ceiling. Rolling down my window, I quickly reached out and hit the elevator button. We lowered a few floors.
Recalling the map of the Knolix Island, I knew what direction to head.
Twisting to check on Gastonish, I asked, “Is she... gone?” I swallowed loudly fearing the worst.
Dr. Vonn shook his head negatively, “By now, such a lethal wound to the chest would’ve killed a human.” He ran his fingers over the circuit design of Gastonish’s glowing suit.
I opened my romstrunn as Xonox scanned her chest. While Dr. Vonn and I looked at a translucent image, he pointed to her wound. “It’s as I feared, Eddy. Your mother is still bleeding internally… An artery was ruptured. It’s not as easy to repair.”
Telepathically, I heard his mind comment in wonderment, ‘What is this technology?’
Gastonish opened her eyes slightly and looked at me. Her wounded expression fit the feeble telepathic message she sent me, ‘Save me...’
This tore me up inside.
With my front tires still resting high on the elevator doors, I saw the lights of each floor wink down through the levels. The doors hushed open before us and the front end of the car dropped down. We found ourselves in a wide open compartment.
A guard stood surprised behind the large glass door of his security check booth. A second guard at a check station at the far end of the large concrete room began to shoot at us, his bullets sprayed from his rifle.
The thick hull of the car protected us as long as we all kept our heads down. The bullets ricochet off the car and decorated the walls and ceiling of the corridor with scorched black polka dots.
The human’s weapon jammed. Hitting the throttle, I raced toward the Knolix guard. Fear vibrated in his eyes and as all the colour drained out of his face. When the guard jumped out of our way, I stopped. Abruptly locking up my wheels, we slid along the mirror smooth floor. Crashing through the glass check station, we sent shattered fragments darting and spinning through the air.
We found ourselves in a large room amongst many lab technicians dressed in white. They all looked the same with their red bump caps and safety glasses. One of these technicians tripped the alarm sounding a siren and flashing red rotational lights.
Twisting myself around to check on my mother again, “Mom, how are you doing?”
“Xonox is taking away my pain and speeding up my healing.” Pain choked each word Gastonish spoke. Blood was filling one of her lungs and a red trickle ran down from the corner of her mouth and down her neck.
“TO SERVE YOU IS MY HONOR, YOUR MAJESTY.” answered the calm feminine voice of her personal sertz.
“I’ll be fine in just a few seconds, Eddy.” Gastonish told me as she did her best to make me believe everything would turn out just fine. She didn’t want me to worry, but telepathically I had a pretty good idea how serious her injury was and so did she.

Clean, quarantined and technical. The underground compartment was essentially white with the exception of a few odd mechanical structures. At a glance, I saw bubbling test tubes, Bunsen burners and microscopes occupying desk tops. Shiny mirrored chrome borders finished the lines of the wall mounted computer equipment. Yellow guard rails were bolted along each landing and staircase.
Violence had already taken place in the room as a broken computer and monitor lay shattered on a cart and bullet holes riddled the ceiling. 
The people scattered. Watching their movements, I was sensitive to the detailed actions of the humans in white lab coats, no matter how insignificant. Observing what direction they headed, I let many escape out through the same elevator that we smashed into the room from. Other technicians ran up a spiraling staircase that led to an overlooking supervisor’s office. Only one operative didn’t run with the others and tried to finish something at his terminal. The technicians who dropped what they were doing and fled for their lives weren’t important, but this one was.
I had to stop the computer tech, so I snapped my driver side rear-view mirror off and spun it at him. The mirror swiftly deflected off the floor and struck the computer tech’s ankle. Crying out in pain, he collapsed to the floor. I flew from my car and checked his computer screen to see what was so important.
At least I didn’t have to look for a high security computer to gain access. The agent was seconds from downloading something important and closing the file. The computer beeped and the information was saved to a memory disk. I popped out the disk and slid it into a small empty compartment in my romstrunn. Dr. Vonn ran to my side and looked over my shoulder.
“These are restricted files. You shouldn’t be looking at this!” Dr. Vonn seemed to panic as though I might stumble onto something important. He obviously wanted to keep his secrets, but I was determined to learn it all.
Dr. Vonn quickly tried to reach the keyboard, only I pushed his face away with the palm of my hand. “Eddy, Please! You’re in over your head. Now surrender before you get us all killed!” I made no effort to entertain his request. “You should, at least check the map icon to figure out where you are.”
“I already know where I am. This isn’t the first time I’ve accessed this computer network.”
When I spoke these words, Dr. Vonn became as pale as a ghost. He lunged toward the power cord, but I pulled him away just before his fingertips could make contact.
Spinning from my desk chair, I held Dr. Vonn by his arms by pinching his elbows together at his back.
Struggling for a moment, Dr. Vonn soon relaxed in my grip.
Tossing the doctor away from me, I released him. I made my point. He was no match for me. I continued searching the open file. Documents came up about each and every citizen of the island. Looking over the names, I double clicked over my own file first. “Now, let’s see what secrets are so important to you.” I moved the cursor down the file and read everything. 
Now the truth was pouring out to me from the file as I read. At first it was as refreshing as water, but it soon became a bitter poison. 
Apparently, the island was heavily involved in cloning procedures. I learned how a clone was a group of organisms derived from a single individual by various types of asexual reproduction. A method was used to lead DNA to RNA. They also used the process of Mitosis by which a cell is divided to produce two identical cells.
My file was the longest and most elaborate. I read it all at a glance. It was shocking to discover all the skin, blood and tissue samples they collected from me over the years. When all this was in conjunction with all the countless experiments that had been conducted on me I only know found out it went toward someone’s twisted idea to create computer programmable volk clones.
The images of the clones were identical to myself and their purpose was to enhance military strength while saving lives of human soldiers. The idea of which infuriated me deeply. Initially, I wanted to destroy the Knolix Island right then and there. As I read on, I discovered many of the samples of my body were used in experiments to find what effects a volk would have to benefit a human. I wanted to know who it was that received such treatment, but my file only referred to the patient as factor: 26759.
Turning, I grabbed Dr. Vonn by his shirt and yanked him close. “Who was the one given injections of my blood? What were the effects?” Standing up off my chair, I lifted Dr. Vonn off his feet. “Give me the name!” I shook him and drew my fist back. “You better answer me!” The doctor’s wide eyes welled as his face became red and tight.
Gastonish saw the doctor quiver with fear. She shouted from the open car door, “Eddy, stop!” With her hand pressed against her chest, Gastonish was clearly still in distress. Her condescending tone made me feel like I was a two year old again. “This isn’t like you! So impatient. Besides, look at him. I don’t think he could give you his own name right now.”
Setting the doctor aside and unable to depend on him, I searched for an alternative way to track the name. Exiting my file, I scrolled down the names from the list of the island’s populace. Beside each name was a number. Locating the number: 26759, I found beside it was Domin’s name.
Opening the file with a click of the mouse revealed Domin was also one of the island’s experiments. He wasn’t a clone, but one would wonder if they had been successful in re-birthing the devil’s rage within him. As a newborn, Domin came into the world physically handicapped. Because of his body’s deficiencies, he wasn’t expected to live very long. Despite this, Domin proved to be the most resilient of the human subjects. The project involved implanting volk body parts into human bodies. Four other newborns were also selected. They were named; Narl, Stroy, Oblit, and Grud. ‘Who were they?’ I wondered as I had never met these fascinating and mysterious Brothers.
I felt a kinship with these Brothers though I never had the opportunity to meet them.
‘Domin was a real survivor. I had no idea what he’d been through.’
I was just about to leave the computer console when another name seemed to stand out in the list; Doctor William J. Vonn.
Glancing over at Dr. Vonn, I didn’t want to let him know I found a file on him. He was checking on Gastonish’s wound. No matter how long his file was, all I needed to read it was a glance.
What was stranger than Dr. Vonn having a file was the content of his records. As a boy, Billy Vonn became entangled in an incident involving an alien encounter of his hometown. The creature communicated through him before it was shot and killed. The telepathic experience with the alien unlocked Billy Vonn’s mind. Academically, he excelled graduating at the top of many difficult fields at a prestigious university. Before Gastonish and I came along, Dr. Vonn was the overseer of a captured alien Ornock. It too was killed trying to escape a heavily fortified government facility. The incident of the Ornock’s death happened shortly after Gastonish was burned and captured.
A female voice spoke loud and strong through the intercom. “Intruder alert on level four! The tech lab is being raided by the factor; Eddy. All military personnel must use extreme caution. Shoot to kill!”
Dr. Vonn’s jaw dropped and my mother began to rush me. She waved for me to hurry from the backseat of my car.
Another voice, a male this time, spoke out over the intercom. He was confident, experienced and secure. “Dispatch, this is Commander Hinton. Verify the location of the intruders.”
“Level four, Tech lab. I’m looking at them on the monitor right now!” To no avail, the feminine speaker tried to cover the anxious tone of her voice.
“Confirmed dispatch, we are on route.” A break of static ended the transmission.
“All right, that’s it.” I said. “We’re out’a here.” I was content knowing the memory disk, loaded with information was safely tucked away in my romstrunn.
The loud speaker buzzed to life again. “Commander, outpost has ordered you to keep the volk factor from entering D-section. D-section must be kept quarantined at all costs.”
A nervous voice spoke low and shakily from behind me. “If you knew what kind of man commander Hinton was you’d be running for your life right now. If you were smart, you’d surrender.” Dr. Vonn warned.
Jumping back into the car, I gazed across the tech lab at some double doors of another elevator. “I am smart doctor. You know this.” I was about to enter them, but the panel on the wall was designed for voice code authorization only. None of the other technicians seemed to know how to use it because they all steered clear of it. I threw the car into a tight U-turn, knocking over tables and lab equipment we headed back to the elevator at the other end of the bullet riddled hallway. 
The doors slid open and the elevator took us to the next lower level. The doors opened to a parking lot of small vehicles, along with a set of battery powered street bikes. Breezing past the parked vehicles, we headed down a corridor. The corridor was full of tunnel traffic and the road was like a highway. It led us through a maze of turns. When we came to a large sealed door, I told Dr. Vonn, “Get out and open that door!” 
Reluctantly, Dr. Vonn opened the large door. When the door split and slid into the walls, we were faced with a blur of even more traffic. The vehicles streamed by in a mad rush. The emergency evacuation alarms had put all drivers in a rush of panic.
When Dr. Vonn had jumped back into his seat, I gunned it across the four lanes of traffic to another set of double doors. Ramming the doors down, we continued through the corridors. Along the way, our surroundings lost their formal, clean, appeal. We drove deeper into the mechanical guts of the Knolix Island. The walls of the dark, dimly lit corridor were built up of a variety of large pipes, twisted black shafts and thick electrical cables. 
Island technicians and workers scrambled to get out of our way. As we made our way through the dark labyrinth of warning lights and hissing coolant pipes, we heard the rising sound of a distant, low hum. It was the island’s central generator. 
Most of the hydro equipment was made of metal and anchored to the volcanic rock of the island. The area around the generator was dark, hot and loud. Ahead of us was a deep gorge with iron scaffolding assembled throughout. I brought the car to a stop at a fenced off edge where we could see down many other levels. The deep gorge was obviously deeper than sea level. Remains of dried barnacles and coral were proof that at one time it was all under the sea. Condensation dripped all around. Thin waterfalls cascaded down the steep rocky walls. We needed to get to the other side of the gorge and the only way to cross was along a narrow metal bridge. The bridge was too narrow for my car. I stepped out to the bridge. Leaning forward, I gripped the railings with each hand and bent them outward like a ‘V’.
A volley of bullets sparked from the metal framework around me. Then the roof and hood of my car was targeted. Dr. Vonn panicked when he saw the gunshots spring up around us. A few Knolix agents took it upon themselves to be heroes and attack us rather than wait for the soldiers to arrive.
I ducked back into my car and drove us over the rails of the narrow man-bridge. As we crept over the deep gorge, the rails creaked and bent further out. Support cables snapped under the car’s weight. Some tore away from their anchors above us. Metal yawned and squealed longer and louder. Next, the bolt heads sheered off at the joints. The entire bridge structure dropped downward a couple of feet before it sprung in place. It wasn’t clear how much longer it would hold. I gunned the car forward just as the entire bridge disconnected at both ends. Veering to hard left, I jumped the car off the severed bridge before it tumbled into the gorge and became a twisted reminder of our presence.
Landing with a hash impact, my car touched down amongst a wide scaffolding structure at sub-level thirteen, ten stories below. We stopped there for a moment to collect ourselves. Looking around, I found we were at the mouth of a new corridor. There, we took many more soldiers by surprise. They immediately opened fire so I punched it forward.
The mob of soldiers couldn’t decide if they wanted to attack us or protect themselves from their own bullets that were rebounding back at them. Keeping our heads low, we did what we could to avoid the rainstorm of ammo. Bullets shattered glass and came dangerously close to striking us.
The gun-shots soon ceased when the soldiers realized they were under attack from their own bullets. Their shots were ricocheting back at them from off the re-enforced, thick hull of my car. The corridor led us to a spacious warehouse facility. There, military vehicles and loading equipment, large and small, were stored. Rolling out to the center of the warehouse we took a breath in awe.
That’s when we realized we had made it out of the frying pan and jumped headfirst into the fire.
Chapter 28

AN EERIE SILENCE filled the spacious warehouse as soldiers surrounded us with automatic weapons. “Freeze!!!” came the shout from the commanding officer. I looked up and found other soldiers running along upper catwalks. The heavy boots against the metal grate of the catwalk quickly took their positions behind us. We were trapped.
The leader lifted a small com-link from his belt and said. “The volk factor has been secured in sub-level thirteen, cargo hold three.”
“This is Commander Bruno T. Hinton, who is in charge of that sector?”
“Lieutenant Vincent W. Abernathy, sir. I have assumed control of the situation.” The lieutenant spoke professionally, but there was something rather defiant in how he phrased his words. It was like he was trying to impress the commander. When he finished speaking, he couldn’t hide his nervous anticipation to hear the commander’s response.
Lieutenant Vincent W. Abernathy was a tall young soldier, dressed in grey camouflage fatigues. Dawning black shoulder straps and a belt around his waist, Lieutenant Vincent’s chest and back were protected with a dark grey, bullet protective vest. He had enough stripes to lead his brigade, but he appeared to lack field expertise.
Stalling for a moment, the commander wondered how we arrived to such a low sub-level so quickly. “Hold the volk factor in captivity until I arrive to relieve you of command.”
“And if they attempt to escape, sir?” I sensed there was more going on between the lieutenant and the commander than simple operations of command and protocol.
“You heard the order, Lieutenant! Just hold them!” A tone of disrespect for the lieutenant’s ability could be detected in the commander’s comment. ‘The lack of confidence in the lieutenant’s performance may work to our advantage.’
Further observation of the warehouse revealed four large loading bay doors. Each massive door was twenty meters squared. ‘How do they load supplies through doors so deep under sea level? Perhaps a submarine is involved.’
The lieutenant in charge didn’t tell us to get out of the vehicle. I was betting he would obediently follow orders and just hold us. He wouldn’t know how to deal with us if we were uncooperative.
My mother, sitting beside me, bumped my knee. I turned my head to look at her slowly. With a subtle movement, Gastonish slipped one of the hickoops out of my backpack. She was about to implement a plan of her own. I opened my hand, palm down and waved for her to put it away. Frowning, I signaled her, ‘Now is not the time.’
Dr. Vonn put his hand out the broken rear window and called out to the soldiers, “Please, don’t shoot me. I’m Dr. Vonn for heaven’s sake! Primary military specialty; medic and chief of operations for the Knolix project. I’ve been taken hostage by these escapees. They’ll kill me if you don’t accept their terms.”
“There’ll be no terms.” Lieutenant Abernathy said robotically. “If you don’t remain exactly where you are we will be the ones to terminate you. The Eddy factor is to be contained at all costs. You’re now in the middle of something much larger than your primary military specialty. The order has been given to shoot to kill. You’re expendable, Doctor.”
All life drained from Dr. Vonn’s face as he breathed out a whisper of a prayer.
I looked down at my steering wheel in thought ‘So, that idea didn’t work so well. I need to be creative; and prepare a plan B.’
A chime sounded then an amber light began to rotate above one of the large cargo bay doors.
The lieutenant nodded to a nearby infantry man. The infantry man lowered his weapon in response to the lieutenant’s signal and approached a terminal that was built into the wall next to the massive door. After punching a few keys, a pulsating buzz sounded. More rotating warning lights flashed and the massive door began to open. Air hissed as it was sucked into the negative pressure behind the door. The large access separated at the center, sliding open to the left and the right. When the doors were fully open, the pulsating lights and alarms ceased.
From the other side of the open door was a huge yellow mechanical truck. It occupied the entire expanse of the opening. The two drivers had wide eyed expressions on their faces. An infantry man used two red flags to guide the menacing machine inside. The vehicle was complete with a metal encased cargo bed. It had six large balloon tires and a crane which ran along the top left side of it.
As the hugely modified 830E haul truck entered the warehouse, the lieutenant was forced to move us further left in order to allow the cargo full access. The lieutenant held his rifle high at his right shoulder and peered at my face through the sights. “Back it up! Slowly!!!”
I obeyed the order, backing up my car as directed. “Mom, call for Xonox.” I whispered. My lips didn’t move when I spoke. I called for my own sertz to appear. “Evon.”
Dr. Vonn looked up in response with sickly eyes. He became more attentive when he saw my sertz fly out of my ear.
“Evon, I want you and Xonox to scream loud enough to cause pain to the human’s ears.”
“AS YOU WISH, LORD.” Evon answered. The haul truck came to a stop when it cleared the doors and was completely within the warehouse. The alarms sounded once more when the doors began to slide shut.
“You must comply with Eddy’s orders, Xonox.” Gastonish commanded.
“IT WILL BE DONE, ROMULAW.” Xonox reassured its master. The two sertz exited separate windows.
Some soldiers lowered their weapons when they curiously caught sight of the little hovering robots. A puzzled expression of curiosity twisted their faces as they squinted to see the tiny robots easier.
“You better cover your ears doctor.” I warned quietly.
Each sertz opened its small metal mouth by lifting their bulbous eyes. With their tiny metal mouths open as wide as possible, they screamed.
The searing noise vibrated through the frame of the car like a bell. All three of us in the car cupped our hands tightly over our ears. My mother and I were more tolerant of the searing noise than everyone else. When I saw the soldiers lower their weapons, I took my hands away from my ears and floored the car toward the closing doors. As we passed through the doors, our two sertz stopped screaming and followed us with extreme speed.
Punching it, we escaped down the endless corridor. It was built for the passage of haul trucks. The windows were set high up the walls of the tunnel so they were eye level to the drivers of the huge cargo carrying vehicles.
“Where are you taking us?” asked Dr. Vonn.
“I’m not sure. This wasn’t on the map. I presume it’ll lead us to some other undersea establishment or possibly a submarine access.” I told him.
After twenty minutes traveling through the tunnel, we were all beginning to feel the anxiety of getting to our destination. Where ever that might be. My grip of the steering wheel remained tight. My indomitable arms, shoulders and upper chest continued to be frozen in vigorous concentration. At our velocity, the simplest twitch of the steering wheel could mean the difference of life and death. We rounded a slight corner and gazed down a continuing endless road. At 250 miles per hour, the tunnel ahead seemed to stretch out ahead of us eternally.
“This isn’t going to take us to a submarine, Eddy.” Dr. Vonn said.
“Your right! If we don’t end up at the mainland, we’ll find ourselves trapped on another island.” I predicted.
“Eddy, this passage won’t lead us to a safe destination. Right now, the military’s preparing an ambush that’ll capture us and then destroy us. This’s the road to our death!” Dr. Vonn feared for his life.
Gastonish had fallen asleep. Her rest was a good idea at the moment until I noticed she was shaking. “Doctor, check on my mother! She’s shivering. Could you treat her for shock?”
“Of course, Eddy.” Dr. Vonn climbed up between the two front seats and checked my mother’s pulse. He examined her eyes and put his hand to her forehead. The more he checked her, the more I worried.
Dr. Vonn narrowed his eyes. “Eddy, this is bad.”
“How bad?”
Swallowing hard, Dr. Vonn looked at me with worrisome eyes. “Very bad.”
I slammed on the breaks leaving two trails of thick black rubber skid marks in our path. I bolted from my seat to check on my mother. Opening the door, I reclined my mother’s seat slowly.
Dr. Vonn was on the other side of her and he looked at me with a new intensity of concern burning in his eyes. “Eddy, I don’t know what you expect me to do but my resources are extremely limited here.”
The female voice spoke out again over the intercom. “Confirmed, the volk factor has stopped in the culvert of two seventy four hundredth, corridor - D.” A spit of static ended the transmission.
“I understand Doctor. What do you need?” At the moment I asked the question, a deep metallic ‘ping’ rung through the walls. I brought my head up immediately, associating the sound with a sonar ping of a submarine. I looked up at the windows. Jumping away from the car, I leaped onto the hood then to the roof. From there, I sprang to the high windows. My fingertips caught the ledge of the window sill and I hoisted myself up high enough to peer out into the darkness of the sea.
Another ping sounded and echoed throughout the corridor but I still couldn’t see anything through the dark ocean depths. Our culvert section was quickly sealed at both ends by heavy sliding doors which rose up from the floor. We were trapped. I swung around and squinted to see out the window on the wall at the other side of the corridor. Again, nothing was visible in the void of deep water darkness.
“Captain J. Chan, your new orders are to implode the tunnel. Lock torpedoes on the culvert of two seventy four hundred, corridor - D and fire at will.”
Completely in control of his submarine Aquatica, Captain J. Chan was a brawny, short Asian who had a reputation for having the most successful missions of our day. The captain was always in uniform even on shore-leave. He wore it with confidence and pride. It wasn’t easy to be everywhere at once, but Captain J. Chan had a talent for being the first in the right place at the right time. He did this by knowing his vessel, his crew and by having a nack for predicting what would happen next.
“Copy control, torpedoes will be locked once we have established a visual.” responded Captain Chan. “Aquatica out!”
I released my grip and dropped down to the black tarmac of the road. Hustling back to my mother’s side, I said. “Dr. Vonn, I hope you have a plan to get out of here. I am fresh out.”
“Of course you’re fresh out of ideas, we’re faced with a no win situation . . .”
“No! I can’t accept that. I believe there’s a solution to every problem.”
“That’s just your inexperience talking! We’re trapped under the weight of the sea. A military submarine is about to fire torpedoes at us and your mother is dying. I can’t be sure how much longer she’ll survive. There’s nothing we can do!”
Looking down at my mother, she was so weak and fragile. I held her hand gently as though it was a wounded bird. Turning her head to me slightly, she opened her red rimmed eye lids. Breathing out a sickly breath, Gastonish spoke wearily. “Eddy... the only way out... is to create a large field of hickoop energy... It will save us.”
Dr. Vonn frowned with an expression of disbelief. “Eddy, listen to her, she’s losing it. What was she yammering about anyway? A large field of energy?”
“Apparently so, doctor. A hickoop’s enunamic field of energy, to be exact.” I leaned in toward my mother. “What is it you’re trying to tell us?”
“Use... the two hickoops... Attach one... to the front end and... one to the back end of your car... We will tell our sertz... to merge the hickoop’s currents...” She coughed a spray of blood. “The double sized hickoop... will encase your entire car with us in it and... you will pilot it.”
Taking the two hickoop disks out of my backpack, I glanced at Dr. Vonn. A smug smile of disbelief crawled over his face. He had given up.
“Evon, open my disk.” In response to my command, the little sertz darted out of my ear and flew in an arc to the hickoop. At the center of the light blue disk, a small round portal coiled opened and a blade of light shot out six inches. Evon sank into the lit opening then it coiled shut behind. The disk opened like a clam shell. One half extended along a rod and spun halfway around. Two foot pedals extended below it.
“Xonox... open my... hickoop...” Gastonish spoke between breaths.
Xonox jetted out of my mother’s ear and flew into her hickoop. The opening of light coiled shut also. Then it transformed like the blue one did.
“Evon, I need to use the lintin to hold the hickoops to the car.” My rate of speech accelerated, but I knew Evon could keep up.
Evon shot out of the portal at the center of the forward disk. “DESIGN AND DIMENSIONS REQUIRED FOR HICKOOP FITTING.” Time was running out. I let the sertz understand my thoughts telepathically.
Springing to the rear of the car, I used my lintin to mold a portion of the car’s metal frame around the hickoop. The metal of my car’s bumper branched out in shapes of fingers and grasped the hickoop then it hardened into a solid hold.
When I stood and ran toward the front of my car, I noticed Dr. Vonn squinting up at the window of the corridor. Turning to see what he was looking at, a mechanical voice bellowed, filling the compartment.
“Control? I have confirmation. Firing torpedoes!”
Still looking up at the windows I noticed the running lights of the submarine come into view from the darkness.
“Get in the car!” I yelled to Dr. Vonn. I belly flopped onto the hood of the car and slid to the bumper. “Doctor!” I placed the hickoop under the front-end and flared the lintin to life. “Get into the car!--Now!!!”
Dr. Vonn saw the flash of the submarine’s torpedo tubes launching their first missile. “They’ve fired!” Dr. Vonn shouted with his fearful eyes wide. Finally, he darted to the car. The hickoop’s double sized energy field lit up around us.
An explosion of fire and water exploded through the thick metal housing of the corridor. The combination of deep seawater-pressure filling the small space was a fierce force. The energy field hissed and burned against the behemoth of seawater. In an instant, the ocean pushed its way in. My six wheeled car lifted off the floor as the sea muscled in around us. Tossed around violently, we tumbled like an ice cube stirred in a drink. Within the hickoop’s field reality we were safely isolated from the force. Everything became muffled and silent. The sea had devoured us whole.
Dr. Vonn cowered as he screamed all curled up. His eyes squeezed shut as the sound of water rushing in thundered and sizzled against the enunamic energy field. Soon Dr. Vonn came to the realization that the worst was over. He wasn’t wet, nor was he thrown from the car by the crashing of the initial wave. Cautiously, he lifted his head.
Most of the hickoop’s field energy that surrounded us was purple. This was where the two hickoops joined. A pink area of the energy field was directly behind us and the blue area was directly in front.
Lying flat out over the red hood of the car, I did what I could to navigate the hickoop. With my toes looped into the open side windows, I held the handle grips of the front-end mounted hickoop. Once the compartment was entirely engulfed in seawater, we began to move. It was difficult to see because of the water bubbling and boiling against the hickoop’s field of energy.
I steered us through the water swiftly. Turning us around, I headed out through the large red hot rimmed breach of the corridor. Propelling us upwards, we moved quickly before the submarine detected us as anything more than debris of the explosion. The car’s hickoop energy field bubbled and hissed all the way out to the ocean’s surface. The hissing of water boiling around us never quit until we were in the air.
Believing we were out of danger, I continue to ascend.
Gastonish’s hickoop vehicle idea was successful.
I took us right up into the clouds where I chuckled at how magical it was to pilot my car into the sky. The clouds offered the perfect cover. Before I entered, I glanced around to see if we had any air crafts interested in us, but there was no hostile activity.
“Eddy… your mother. I don’t think she’s breathing.” Dr. Vonn immediately began breathing for her. The doctor was sincerely worried for my mother’s well-being. “Her pulse is very weak.”
Far below us I saw a gigantic vessel sluggishly making its way across the ocean. Diving toward the great freighter, I saw the name Mayodo written near the bow of the monumental vessel. A 900 foot super-tanker fully loaded with 300,000 tons of petroleum was headed toward the mainland.
“Evon, take us to the deck of that ship and bring us to a comfortable landing.” I commanded.
Evon continued to navigate us. The bubble of energy protected us as we streaked towards the great fuel tanker like a comet. I climbed back into the car through the broken windshield. As I partnered with Dr. Vonn using assisted breathing to bring my mother back to consciousness, Evon landed us softly on the deck at the center of the great ship.
Upon our arrival the crew was quickly alerted with sirens as they witnessed the quick decent of our brilliant glowing energy capsule. When they saw the UFO energy extinguish like the flame of a candle, they were less than impressed to see an earth vehicle. Still, their curious minds were full of questions.
My efforts were rewarded with a cough. Gastonish came back to me. “E...ddy...” speaking with dry, labored exertion. “I have to go now...” Opening her heavy eyes slowly, Gastonish set her gaze upon my face.
“No mom, stay with me just a little longer, we’re so close. We’ll be home on Verticus soon and the volks there will take care of you.” I denied myself the reality of losing her.
“I’m sorry... my son...” Gastonish was the strongest person in my life. I looked up to her and gained strength from her. Now, she desperately needed help. She was so weak and seeing such vulnerability scared me. She held onto what was left of her life by the thinnest thread, the thinnest thread that was dissolving right before my eyes. “You must be... the most perfect volk... I have ever known... You’re so much... like your father. You must go on... Eddy... I love you…” A tear slowly moved from her eye and crept down her cheek.
The crew of the Mayodo weren’t sure what had landed on their deck, but they agreed the occupants were so strange they must be an alien race.
I stepped out of the car from the other side and stood up. We were surrounded by hundreds of crew members of the fuel tanker. Our presence had made quite an impression. When the eyes of the crew fixed on me they stepped back. I reached back into the car and took hold of my mother just under her arms. Pulling her out of the car, I placed her gently on the deck.
When I noticed her breath slip away and her pulse slow to a stop, a jolt of anguish shot through my body and penetrated my realization. ‘This is really happening! I’m losing her…’
Many of the surrounding crew held red fire extinguishers offensively.
Dr. Vonn opened the door of the car and shouted to the crew members. “Give us room here! We have a wounded lady with us!” I moved to start CPR on my mother again. Dr. Vonn appeared from around the car and pushed me out of the way. “Move back, I don’t want you to hurt her!”
‘How bold.’ I took a step back. He was the doctor. When I sniffed and wiped my nose, I happened to glance up at the people around us. I honestly barely noticed them until then.
They were grumbling amongst themselves with surprise and wonderment in their eyes.
The last comment Dr. Vonn uttered must’ve made the shipmates think I was dangerous. Perhaps they also thought I was responsible for Gastonish’s injuries.
I caught sight of Xonox when it appeared above my mother’s head. My breath drew still. I recognized that what the sertz was doing was important.
The crew of the ship courageously took a step toward me. They weren’t brave enough to attack me though.
In any case, I ignored them. They were the least of my concern.
Dr. Vonn continued to do his best to save my mother.
She was still dying despite the combined efforts of the doctor, her glowing circuit suit and Xonox.
My eyes widened in shock and my hands trembled.
A testy crewman finally built up enough courage to swing his large pipe wrench at me and strike my back.
I bit back the pain as I spun around and slapped the man to the deck like he was a pesky fly. Injuring him was not my intent.
Dr. Vonn was exhausted. He shifted his gaze to the people for a moment as he stopped the exhausting efforts of his chest compressions. My focus remained on Xonox, because if it deactivated it would mean she died.
The other crew members became all worked up when I injured one of them.
I bent forward to put my hand on Dr. Vonn’s shoulder in support of his life saving endeavor, when the surrounding crowd started yelling and rushed at me all at once. They must have thought I was going to hurt the doctor. The crowd began punching and kicking me. Grabbing onto my neck and arms they tried to wrestle me to the ground. I managed to slip through and roll out of the crowd before I climbed into my car.
Careful and alert, I did everything I could not to hurt anymore of the deck hands. The crowd was after me but they weren’t interested in interfering with the doctor’s toiling determination to keep Gastonish alive.
A couple of men began asking the doctor questions.
“What is that thing?!”
“How do we stop it?!”
“Does it have a weakness?!”
They wouldn’t interfere with the doctor’s first-aid as long as he continued to care for her. I figured putting some distance between the doctor and I would also keep the crowd from bothering them further.
Using projected telepathic suggestions of fear, I caused the crew to keep their distance. In many cases they ran for their lives. Lurching my car forward the men in my path began to move out of my way. Driving across the deck, I turned along the rails making the men jump over the side who would otherwise be caught in a pinch. Any crew member who looked at my eyes were seized with the telepathic paralysis of fear.
Those who jumped ship were immediately thrown inflatable rubber life rafts.
From a distance, I could see Dr. Vonn still attempting to bring my mother back to life. ‘If only she could stay alive long enough for me to get her to the Ied era, she could be helped.’
The crew of the fuel tanker came to realize I was too dangerous to handle so they backed off.
Gunning my car back across the deck, I headed to Dr. Vonn.
He was still kneeling next to my mother.
Stopping my car next to them, I opened my door when I heard a hand pistol discharge. There, on the forward balcony of the tower’s bridge, a man, none other than the captain, had fired a shot into the air.
A voice broke out from loud speakers. “Trespassers of the Mayodo, surrender at once or we will be forced to destroy you.” The captain clearly lowered his pistol from its skyward shot to fix his sights on us, specifically me.
A bridge officer at either side of the captain held their rifles at the ready.
Dr. Vonn and I raised our hands in surrender.
“Very good!” came the voice over the loud intercom once more, “We’ll have security come and bind you both. Any resistance or uncooperative act will be a sign of aggression and thereby punishable by death!”
Security took their time making their way out to us. In the meantime, I formulated a plan.
“Evon!” I called quietly but sternly. My sertz appeared. “When a sertz appears, does it mean its master is dead?” I asked this question because of the strange way Xonox came to Gastonish.
“MY LORD, A SERTZ WILL APPEAR TO DEACTIVATE ALONG WITH ITS MASTER WHEN ALL LIFE FUNCTIONS OF THE MASTER’S BODY HAS DISCONTINUED.” Evon explained.
Dr. Vonn and I stood up and stepped back. We reverently watched as Xonox landed on Gastonish’s chest and deactivate. 
“Eddy.” Dr. Vonn tried not to move his lips as he spoke low, “You must believe me when I tell you, I did everything I could to help your mother.” The doctor’s voice cracked as though he was about to cry.
‘Did he love her?’ I wondered. I felt his fear. He was certain I was going to do something to hurt him.
“All I wanted was the best for you and your mother. You know that, don’t you?”
Many of the curious crew stood at a distance, but no one dared to take their eyes off us. Beyond them I finally saw a small security crew of five men step out of a hatch. They carried shackles.
I hung my head low and breathed a grievous breath of remorse. “I know, in your own way, you’re trustworthy, Dr. Vonn… My mother died.” The words choked my throat. “But you can live. Get into my car, quickly, and I’ll take you with me.”
“I am a fugitive like you now.” Dr. Vonn warned. “I could be charged with conspiracy and the punishment for betrayal is death. You’re much more important to the government than I am. As far as the island officials are concerned, it’s my fault you had the opportunity to escape the island. You were my responsibility. I made you my responsibility. No simple task, I assure you. Great deceptions and costly pay-offs brought me to this position and now it’s all going to hell. It’s been one big head-ache to get the authorization so you could live within a natural environment under my supervision. I had to fight so hard for you because you’re an authentic volk. Everyone wants you. I’m expendable because you’re so damn important! But don’t get me wrong, if I had to do it all over again I wouldn’t change a thing.” The tension melted from the doctor’s eyes then he smiled at me. “It was all worth it.”
“None of that matters anymore.” I told Dr. Vonn. “Your only concern now should be to survive. So get in the car and I’ll get us out of here.”
He refused to get up off his knees. The doctor was in no rush to get moving, but the time for making choices had passed.
A squadron of five F-35 Joint Strike Fighter jets flew past us over-head.
Calling to my sertz, I said, “Evon!” It appeared promptly and I instructed it, “Remove the homing device from my tooth and do not damage it.” At the moment Evon had done so, I told it, “Now, attach that homing device to the nearest F-35 aircraft.”
Evon flew off leaving a thin ghostly red streak trailing behind it from the lights of its eyes.
The small convoy of jets circled around for a second fly by.
Evon attached the homing device to the under belly of the lead jet.
“I’m leaving with or without you!” I warned Dr. Vonn. “We have been discovered doctor! Now get in the car!”
Dr. Vonn closed Gastonish’s eyes with his hand and wiped a tear from his cheek with his other hand. He lifted my mother’s head to his lap. “No.” He said flatly, looking down at my mother’s face with care. “I’m not leaving. I can’t run anymore.” Dr. Vonn tilted his head up to look up at me. His decision was made. “Sometimes you need to know when to give up… It’s time for us to surrender now.”
Curiously, Dr. Vonn lifted Gastonish’s inoperable sertz off her chest and examined it. It looked like he had a fly pinched between his fingers. Discretely, he dropped Xonox into the pocket of his lab coat. My mother’s lifeless body no longer drew breath. Her head tilted back and her mouth opened lifelessly.
Evon returned and anchored itself within my ear where it told my mind its mission was successful.
The tracking device of my tooth had been attached to one of the air force jets. I spoke to Evon telepathically. ‘Take the tracking device from my mother’s tooth.’ In an instant, Evon entered and exited my mother’s mouth. It had successfully removed her homing device also.
I quickly instructed Evon to attach the other homing device to a different jet. Evon understood and immediately set out to complete its new mission. The pilots reported their targets had become themselves. According to their tracking equipment, Gastonish and I were on the air force jet fighters. Their instructions were, ‘Shoot to kill at any cost.’ The confused F-35s behaved like mad hornets as their new targets became two of their own crafts. The pilots suddenly found themselves in a cat and mouse game of genocide.
I had no time to observe the air assault, but I was aware the duo attack was concentrated in a single blow. A loud plume of fire exploded like thunder across the sky. Just as Evon returned to my ear I saw a flash which came across a cloud. Fire streaked through the sky over-head.
The lead jet had been hit and burned a scar through the sky. Fallout from the explosion plummeted. Immensely hot bits from the explosion threatened to pepper the hull of the entire supertanker.
Reacting to the chaos from the air attack, everyone on the super tanker hit the deck or scattered.
Fire stretched from heaven to the ocean’s surface.
My vengeful plan didn’t satisfy my grief as I hoped it would. I asked Evon, “Is there anything you can do to relieve me of my pain?” Instantly, my grieving heart felt lighter and I could concentrate on what I had to do next. The convoy changed direction passing over us. As they did so, the four remaining F-35s shot another one of their own out of the sky. The jets blazed into blooming fiery webs as the pilots struggled to make sense of their orders to fire upon one another. Everyone on the deck of the ship panicked and scrambled off the flaming deck. Many people ducked down low to avoid the searing heat, but many others burned.
I couldn’t have asked for a better distraction and slid onto the hood of my car. When I activated the front hickoop, Evon shot around to the rear of the car and activated the hickoop there.
Fire began to rain down around us. I lifted my eyes and beheld the sight of the flaming frame and engine of a jet as it crashed into the aft deck of the super tanker. The entire structure was riveted by the impact. The flaming wreckage caused shards of flaming metal parts to litter the deck.
I started the hickoop’s field of energy. Glancing to my left, Dr. Vonn still sat with my mother, but just before the blast enveloped them, they appeared to be wisped away.
The fire from the crashed jet managed to burn through the double layered deck igniting the cargo. The blast swept over me and surrounded the energy bubble of my car. I felt like I was in the heart of hell. Light, heat and the force of an explosion lifted my car and threw me twenty-five miles away. Everything I left behind was incinerated.
Arcing bolts of electricity snapped and surged across the surface of my surrounding hickoop energy field. “Evon! What’s wrong?!”
“THE BLAST HAS DAMAGED THE HICKOOPS, MASTER!” Evon answered with a tone of distress in its voice.
“Can it be repaired?”
“NOT BY OUR LIMITED CAPABILITIES, MY LORD.”
“I can see Cosmo City from here. We’re so close! We have to make it.” The energy of the hickoops died out like the flick of a switch. Despite the air turbulence, I managed to pull myself back into the car through the open windshield. Strapping myself down in the front seat, I gripped the steering wheel and braced for impact. Falling with the dead weight of a rock, the hull of the car was hot and the paint had blistered. Still air bound and tossed from the blast-wave, my car began to pitch and tumble. Descending quickly, I could tell I would fall short of making it to the mainland. I was still a few miles away. Like a stone skipping across the surface of the sea, my car bucked, vaulted and tumbled.
All I could do was ride it out. Gritting my teeth, I wrestled with the steering wheel just short of tearing it out. As the hood finally dug into the water’s surface like a wedge, water sprayed fifteen feet high. My heavy car sank. Seawater rushed in at me and I was completely submerged. Realizing the car’s engine was still running, I felt the tires touch down on the sandy ocean floor. The ocean was quite shallow. I wanted to swim out, but I was even more curious to try the accelerator. To my amazement the car drove forward. Driving over sand bars and coral reefs, I had my car crawling toward land as fast as I could. Observing a passing school of fish, my cheeks looked like balloons holding air. I could barely hold my last breath. Squinting my eyes, I watched with anticipation as the roof of my car neared the ocean’s surface. Driving out of the sea and right onto a beach, I inhaled a fresh breath of air again. My exhaust pipe sputtered water then it bellowed clouds of steam. My car coughed and gasped for more air to feed its engine.
Pulling a valve on the floor, I drained the cab quickly. Driving slow I was careful not to drive over anyone sunbathing.
A small boy looked up at me from his sandcastle with wide eyes. “At the sight of me, he opened his mouth wide and cried.
The parents ran to their child. They looked greatly concerned. I spun my tires sending sand spraying out behind my car then I was gone in a flash.
From the beach, I drove up onto the main drag and tried to blend in with the other vehicles. This was impossible. My car stood out from the others. It was riddled with bullet holes over its battered and beaten body.
I just needed a place to hide and somewhere I could grieve. ‘Am I really mourning the death of my mother?’ It didn’t seem real.
Driving next to the long beach, I was distracted by the horizon. A bellowing plume of black smoke grew there and marked the place where my mother passed away. Turning off the main road, I somberly headed into the city.
Chapter 29

I STUCK OUT like a red ball on a field of snow, in traffic. Exposed in the bright evening sun, the hustle and bustle of city life was no place for this volk. People honked and waved at me. Most of them had big smiles. It was like they thought I was some kind of movie promotion. I wasn’t trying to draw any attention, but nevertheless I did so with ease.
I wanted to find a dark hole to crawl into and hide, but there was no such place that I knew of except perhaps… the cave!
I drove throughout the city streets trying to find a road out. Unexpectedly, traffic came to a dead halt just outside one of the tall sky-scrapers.
It didn’t matter if I was wearing human clothes or volk clothes, the people weren’t about to stop staring.
Reclining my seat, I needed a little added room so I could undress and put on my energy gel suit. Before this could be done, I had to gather my belongings from the backseat of my car.
Beside me a truck was also stopped in the congestion of city traffic. A lady glanced out her window and did a double take when she noticed I was changing. “Oh, oh my, Fred you’ve got to see this!” She took a snap shot of me with her cell phone.
I gave them a coy look of annoyance.
She gave me a wide eyed look of surprise before snapping another shot.
Unable to ignore them, I left my car and ducked into a fitness gym to finish changing.
Unknowingly, I stirred up quite a show at the front window of the gym. Attaching the romstrunn to my forearm, I activated the energy-gel suit. While the blue glowing gel covered me from neck to toe, I put on my father’s boots.
A distant muffled beat echoed from the sky with an even rhythm. The sound grew louder like an approaching helicopter.
I was right.
A heavily armed AH-64 Apache strike helicopter lazily veered around a corner where it stopped and hovered while fixing its sights on me. In the middle of the road, I was stuck with vehicles blocking me from every direction. Inquisitive humans began to scatter from me. As annoying as the surrounding people were, I felt safe knowing the helicopter wouldn’t attack me or risk the safety of the public.
Boy was I wrong. Unexpectedly, the helicopter launched a Hellfire missile and blew up my car. 
Maybe up holding public safety wasn’t number one on their ‘To Do List.’
Other vehicles were also tossed into the air by the massive explosion. Hellfire missiles were designed to destroy armored tanks.
Many innocent people died and many more were injured and that was only their first shot. My one-of-a-kind motor and car was obliterated along with the two hickoop disks which were attached to it. 
My clothes were smoking after being thrown from the blast. I landed on the sidewalk face down. Other bodies of people littered the walkway around me and none of them were moving. Most people, further away, scrambled to evacuate the area. A few stayed in the streets screaming and shouting at me from their cars and honking their horns.
I needed a place to hide. I stood up and approached the entrance of the Rosetta hotel. People began crowding around the door from outside and within to keep me from entering.
Picking up a public mailbox after I tore it away from its anchor bolts, I launched it at the helicopter. Tagging the rotor, the mailbox exploded sending letters scattering across the street. The helicopter jostled about a little before it turned and flew away in a tactical retreat to assess its possible damages.  
Brushing the crowd aside, I entered the building. Many stared at me with wide eyes, not sure if they should take me seriously. My glowing gel suit was more than enough of a distraction. I had to sweep more people out of my way. It was like they were branches that had grown over my path. Crossing the lobby to some stairs at the far end of the building, I pushed the double doors open and entered a smoke filled bar. There, people were already aware something was happening. They were crowded at the window over-looking the aftermath of the explosion until they noticed I was with them.
A lady screamed.
Everyone lost their minds in the panic. Shocked human faces were painted in the soft blue intensity of my suit’s light.
Using my suit’s ability to disappear from sight, the people drew in a breath when I vanished. More screaming followed.
“Move!!!” With my forceful command both verbally and telepathically, the people scattered in all directions to get out of the room.
The dingy bar was all to myself. I slid the window open and carefully observed my surroundings. The strike helicopter was nowhere to be seen. The bar was situated at the base of an enormous building at the corner of a five-way intersection. Across from me was central park and over central park traveled a sky-tram.
With the ability to float, I leaped from the window and rose up over the heads of the running pedestrians below. Floating down the street a short distance, I decided to change my course and head up into the sky.

A strong sea breeze blew to the shore and messed Sally Coppler’s hair. Amidst the group of government agents who escorted her from the Mi-17 helicopter landing pad, she stopped. Looking back across the ocean to the horizon, she knew somewhere out there was the secret Knolix Island. She felt a chill run down her spine.
“Keep moving, Ms. Coppler.” One of the tall agents nudged her coldly.
Sally smiled back and said, “I guess I still feel like Eddy’s out there... watching me.”
“If you’re referring to the Eddy factor, I assure you he has been dealt with certifiably. This conversation ends now. Remember, you have been sworn to secrecy. Your experiences on the island project are now a forbidden topic. Now, before it is necessary for us to use force, move! We’re on a very tight schedule.”
The group started off once more toward the airport’s south-end facility. When they were half way to their destination, I caught sight of them. With just a thought, I became visible and fell out of the air, landing on the same helicopter pad with a tremendous impact. The agents swiftly drew their weapons, but before they could trigger any shots, I swatted them to the ground with a wide sweep of my arm.
Sally screamed as I lifted her over my shoulder.
“Do you realize what kind of power you’re dealing with?” One of the fallen agents shouted at me. “You won’t be able to keep running forever! When we catch you, we will destroy you!”
I turned back and locked my gaze with the man. “My only crime is that I’m different. Obviously you don’t realize what kind of power you’re dealing with... Let’s play.” I turned away once more and leaped into the sky with my prize.

I took Sally to the top of the tallest building of Cosmo City. She screamed the entire way up. The building was owned and operated by a popular radio broadcast station, WPCX. At the top of the skyscraper was a tall antenna broadcasting tower. It was surrounded by many smaller antennas along with one large satellite dish encircled with many smaller dishes.
Landing on the building top, I noticed just how scared Sally was from looking all the way down. A strong wind current yanked at her and she wobbled with her arms out stretched to keep her balance. Fear twitched in her watery eyes.
Reaching out I took hold of the shoulder of her jacket. “I don’t know how to say this, but I can’t help thinking about your actions back at the island.” I told her.
“So what’s the big mystery?” Sally was so smug and full of herself. I wondered if there was ever any room in life for me at all. “I thought you were a smart guy... Volk, or whatever. Can’t you figure it out?”
“For a moment, I thought it was you and me against them. Then you suddenly up and ran to the enemy. I need to know how that’s possible. What hold do they have on you?”
“Money, for starters. A promise of a new identity and freedom. My prison sentence on that stupid island would be over. I hated it there! I would’ve done anything to get away for just one day.”
“You’re playing right into their hands. Don’t you see that?” I tried to explain. “Once you’ve given them what they want, you won’t receive a thing, because you know too much. Come on, some of those feelings we shared must have been real. Come with me.”
“How can you trust me still, Eddy? Things’ll never be like they were. You’ll always wonder if I’m going to betray you again, and I can’t promise I won’t!”
I was thrown by her remark. As though a giant sledge hammer fell from the sky and crushed me. ‘She’s right. I’m so thick headed and naïve. We should never have the kind of relationship I want, so why do I still want her?’
“What kind of life could we build together anyway?” Sally not only spoke to me with great disrespect, she treated me like a child in training.
Foolishly, I answered. “I wanted to take you with me to my home world.”
“Are there many others like you there?”
“They’re all like me there.”
“And what kind of life would there be for me, there?”
She sure knew how to press my buttons. Definitively, I always knew we could never truly be together, however I always tried to convince myself that there was a way. “You’re right. It wouldn’t be any better than my life here amongst you humans… probably worse.”
“I’m not smart like you, but I could see that. You know what it was like for me to be around you? You always think your better than us, but are you? Your people will come to my planet to wipe us out… I hate you!”
I let out a breath and shook my head. I could tell she was sharing the truth with me. She was a very good actor. “Let me take you back.” I offered.
“No.” Sally retorted. “If it means I have to take another trip with you like the last one, I’d rather find any other way down, thank you.”
“Fine, let me give you one final hug while you close your eyes and count to five. When you open your eyes, you won’t see me ever again.”
“What? You want a hug now?”
Inadvertently, a cold wind blew over us from the north. “It’s an old volk custom before permanent separation.” I told her.
Shrugging her shoulder, Sally agreed to this. “Let’s just get this over with.” She was anxious to get back to her normal life.
I was saddened by the bitter end to our relationship. “Eyes closed? Start counting.” I told her.
Hearing a rumble from the other side of Cosmo City, I saw dark smoke rise into the air. Curious what the human population was up to over there, I decided whatever it was, it didn’t concern me.
Walking over to the edge, I stepped off just as she counted, “One.” Sally screamed all the way down. We dropped like a rock but the landing was lighter than a feather. She trembled in fear with her eyes closed tight. Her tears ran up and down her cheeks. I set her down ever so gently as humans once again scattered once again at my appearance. My suit surged with power when Sally shot me a look before I quickly ascended like superman once more.
Sally needed time to collect herself.

The roof of WPCX was a nice quiet place for me to spend a moment alone. I sat there for a while pushing my feelings aside as I focused on my problems until a faint sound distracted me. Beyond the sound of wind whistling through the antennas, I could hear soft music playing quietly. Zeroing in on the source of the music, I was led to a small radio speaker. I hoped a song could carry me away to a better place, if only for a moment, but the song was cut short when a news reporter began to give an update on the strange sightings the people of Cosmo City were calling about.
“The last sighting of the large grey skinned creature was just outside our studio here at WPCX.” Spoke the female reporter’s voice over the radio. “Whatever it was, it wore clothing of pure energy and left a host, or abductee, who is currently under our care as we speak. She’s a young lady about fifteen or sixteen years old and it appears she’s been traumatized by her assailant. The police will arrive here shortly. I’ll keep you updated as events unfold. So far, the young lady hasn’t said a word and I’ve been told not to ask her anymore questions. Just get yourselves prepared people. Last I heard, the mayor was going to have the Cosmo City area entirely evacuated including Liberty Town, Burbanks and the West Keys, as a precaution. Evidently, until this creature is contained or killed there are further possibilities this threat may endanger the lives of the innocent.”
Orchestrated music grew behind the words of the broadcaster. The melody was dark and sinister. A soft and elusive female recording announced, “You’re listening to WPCX, Your dependable radio station for your, up to the minute, news updates.”
The deeper voice of the male broadcaster returned. “Could this be our first real contact with an extra-terrestrial lifeform? Or perhaps it is as Dr. Steenberg wrote in his latest book, ‘The Hairless Bigfoot of Our Generation.’ Maybe it is the elusive hairless subspecies of Bigfoot and he has wondered into Cosmo City. The reports that keep flooding in here to our station just don’t make any rational sense with indications that the creature’s clothed in a strange energy. Is this creature from space or is it a government secret which accidentally surfaced? Could this be related to the other violent occurrences with the ShadowKnight which have been reported throughout Cosmo City in the past couple of days?”
‘The ShadowKnight?’ The name grabbed my attention right away and the fact the reporter associated the ShadowKnight with my reported appearances... ‘Could it be possible the ShadowKnight is a volk, like me?’
The broadcast continued. “I’m looking out our studio window at the chaos in the streets below. It’s a madhouse down there! Hold on!!! This just in! As we speak, the ShadowKnight is starting a riot in the west end at the corner of Oak Ridge and fifty-sixth within Liberty Town. A double riot! Can you believe it?!”
The female voice returned, “Nine O’clock and the ShadowKnight is showing no signs of slowing down. I would love to ask him some questions, but chances are when all of this is over there won’t be anything remotely recognizable left of him!” The reporter was distracted by something for a moment. “Where did he come from and what does he want?! History, no doubt, is being made here today. The ShadowKnight is a terrorist who’ll be remembered for generations to come! This is June Anderson of WPCX news reporting live. Thank you, and have a pleasant evening.”
I heard enough. There was only one way to satisfy my curiosity. Taking flight once more, heading toward Liberty Town, I left the building top to investigate.
Chapter 30

MY ENERGY GEL OUTFIT covered my entire body and manipulated light to keep me from being seen. Floating over the commotion on the ground, I observed the events of the riot.
My energy gel suit pulsated with a surge of light. The origin of my suit’s light was not visible but as the evening grew darker, people wondered where the blue light source, that casted highlights over people and surrounding buildings, came from.
Cautiously, I descended until I floated in arm’s reach over the crowd. Most of the people had gathered in the middle of the road. They focused on someone at the center of their gathering. Whoever this person was, he sure knew how to draw a lot of attention. But what I first thought was people’s adoration for the big man was clearly rage and hatred. The people jumped on top of one another with tools and sticks in order to attack whoever this guy was.
Finally, I could see that it was a large man... two men large, like me.
The red and blue lights of police vehicles bloomed out from the distant morning fog towards them. The crowd was so set on fighting the man they paid little attention to the officers who tried to break the commotion up.
The police had to resort to using their shields and batons.
From above the crowd, I saw exactly who the people were so angry at. It was a man dressed in a black armored gladiator outfit. The man was about six feet tall and built like a bull. With an impossibly large, musclebound body, the man retaliated against the angry crowd. This was the ‘ShadowKnight,’ with obvious human features including scarred skin. Though he had no bony volk plates, he did have curious patches of grey volk-like skin.
He possessed the ability to control his muscle toned, power-housed body with ease and agility. Wearing a gun metal iron helmet of the dark ages and large metal shoulder pads, the ShadowKnight fended off the clumsy humans.
I felt compelled to do something about the fighting. It was unfair. A crowd of one hundred men or more fought against him alone.
On the other hand, the ShadowKnight was on an overpowering rampage. He seemed to punch men dead with a single blow or toss others around like rag dolls. Maybe he was a criminal and deserved what punishment he received, but as I took a glimpse into the mind of this ShadowKnight, I saw something familiar that surprised me.
Fast and in his physical prime of his youth, there was something unnatural about the ShadowKnight. He was far too muscular. Not even the finest body builders packed this much beef. Of course he wasn’t quite as big as me, a volk, but the ShadowKnight was far too large to be completely human. I wondered if his condition could be entirely attributed to steroid usage of some sort. As I watched him fight, it was obvious the ShadowKnight had been specially trained. He wasn’t just big, fast and strong, he was a skilled warrior.
Wearing black spiked gloves and metal forearm gauntlets with six double layered razors along its edge, he wickedly tore flesh from bone with ease. No wonder everyone was so mad at him. He also had long pointed metal blades protruding from the elbows of his gauntlets, passed his studded elbow pads.
Thrusting his muscular arms, the ShadowKnight threw more punches that were so powerful they launched people off their feet. He shattered bones, but mostly he broke noses… countless noses.
The crowd couldn’t move the raging warrior from his place.
Courageously, the ShadowKnight fought back the opposing multitude. Every muscle in his arms tightened with the potential of an industrial spring, before lashing out. I saw the ShadowKnight grab a man’s arm as it swung to hit him with a pipe. The man’s arm was instantly injured in the ShadowKnight’s powerful grip. Using the man’s body, he beat the crowd. Whatever it took to break the ShadowKnight wasn’t in the rioters.
The people had no sense to stop beating the ShadowKnight, and he seemed impervious to pain. What really grabbed my attention was how he purposefully chopped a person to his nerve cluster of his deltoid rendering the man’s arm totally useless.
He was smart.
The police vehicles that blocked off the street at either end of the block were shredded from heavy artillery. Then a new group of players joined the party. Many abused vehicles came racing to the scene. They demolished the barricade and drove right into the area with no mercy or respect for the police who were attempting to stop them. With armor and weapons fitted to the brutal trucks, they surrounded the gathering of angry people.
The ShadowKnight noticed the vehicles. He must’ve recognized them because he immediately unsheathed two samurai swords and threatened to wildly carve a path through the crowd to the door of a twenty story building. The light reflected off the razor edges of his swords in long flashes as they were in such motion, it appeared a protective barrier of polished metal surrounded him. As the ShadowKnight displayed strict professional swords play, the people in his path tried desperately to get out of the way of his relentless slashing. Yelling and screaming, men tried to jump over one another to escape getting carved up. Destiny met those who were too slow.
Three black pickup trucks pulled up and took positions under the streetlights at the perimeter of the crowd. Those in the trucks looked like young, rebellious teenagers with tattered leather clothing, coloured hair and Mohawks.
Before the ShadowKnight entered the building, the gang of punks stood up out of the trucks fully armed. Sheathing his swords, the ShadowKnight turned to face the punks at the entrance of the building.
From across the street, I remained invisible. There, I floated above a streetlight and saw the ShadowKnight clearly.
Across his chest were two crisscrossing straps. One strap was loaded with a line of grenades, the other held small throwing stars. Below the stars, also attached to the strap, were long narrow pockets containing C-4 explosives.
On the ShadowKnight’s back, I saw a bow and a quiver full of arrows. Tucked in the back of his belt were a pair of nun-chucks.
Strapped to the outer side of the ShadowKnight’s left metal boot was a small gun. The opposite boot contained a knife. The boots looked very heavy, like they were cast-iron and it amazed me how well he moved around in them. His utility belt was a compilation of a variety of small weapons, rope and mechanical grappler hook.
I was reminded of old western showdowns when I saw the punks lined up, pointing their guns at the ShadowKnight. Cautiously, in the presence of all the guns, I floated into a second story window above the ShadowKnight as he slowly backed into the main entrance. 
“We made you!!!” shouted the female leader of the punks.
“You will not destroy me!!!” The ShadowKnight shouted back defiantly.
The female punk leader shouted, “Fire!!!”
((-RAT-AT-AT-AT-AT-AT!!!-))
 Heavy ammunition erupted targeting the ShadowKnight.
The angry crowd scattered for cover.
I didn’t expect this. I wanted to do something but I wasn’t bullet proof.
A couple of bullets sparked off the ShadowKnight’s thick body armor. As the ShadowKnight fell backwards through the main doors, he raised his arms to protect his head. Landing on his back, he rolled around the corner to safety. Pulling a strangely designed slingshot from his utility belt, he loaded it.
The slingshot was equipped with a supporting wrist brace and the main forks were extended forward ten inches from his hand grip. When the ShadowKnight stretched back, the elastic stretched across his chest, five feet long. He released a tiny ball bearing and it shot out in a perfect straight trajectory just over the heads of the gunmen.
The punks heard it whistle over their heads and dart into the adjacent building.
The entire building across the street from me exploded and crumbled to the ground into a heap of thick dust and smoke. The ShadowKnight’s diversion was successful. He quickly escaped, disappearing beyond the main doors.
I also entered the building in search of the ShadowKnight. Glancing down the stairwell I hoped to see what he was going to do next. After telepathically glancing inside the ShadowKnight’s mind, I realized he was the most interesting person I’d ever met and the most frightening. ‘Was he really as evil as he wanted people to believe? It occurred to me he was fighting for a greater purpose, like I was.’
Bullets came streaming into the dingy room as I backed out of it and into the main hall. It sounded like every window of the building shattered under the relentless volley of gunfire.
I wanted to know what the ShadowKnight did to infuriate everyone off so much.
Hearing the ShadowKnight’s heavy footsteps charging up the stairwell, his presence grabbed my attention. The footsteps hammered louder and louder on approach. To my surprise, he clambered up the stairs as he made his final stretch to me. The sound of his muffled heavy breathing through his black knight helmet made him seem more threatening.
He stopped, just before we collided. Our faces almost touched. Accidentally, he came too close to me and entered the frontier of my cloaking field. His eyes met my chest first, before traveling up to my face. Next, his eyebrows arched inquisitively. All the ShadowKnight saw was my energy gel waves melting over my facial features. I lurched backwards a few paces so the ShadowKnight was again beyond my field parameter. When I lurched back, I disappeared from his vision.
Stretching out his hands he tried to touch what he could no longer see. After swiveling his head to scan his surroundings from left to right, he turned back toward the vertical support beam connected to the stairs.
Reaching to his side, he unclipped a large yo-yo. Tossing it, it unspooled and shattered the support beam before rewinding up its metallic string to his hand strap.
The stairwell creaked and a punk launched himself around the corner firing from his small hand gun. Using some fancy yo-yo tricks to deflect the bullets, the ShadowKnight knocked the punk’s gun out of his hand. Then he smashed the punk in the face with the oversized yo-yo’s puck. Even after all of this, the yo-yo obediently reclined to his palm.
When the ShadowKnight turned to head up the stairs, the steps crumbled away from under him. Hurtling his yo-yo toward my direction in a useless attempt to catch onto something, the dark warrior hoped to save himself from the fall.
Instinctively, I reached out and grabbed hold of his yo-yo pucks with my left hand. With my other hand, I grabbed the second floor door frame for support. The ShadowKnight’s weight jarred me forward. Our combined weight caused my hand to crush the gyp-rock wall and bend the metal framework. I thought the metal door frame was going to completely tear away.
Pulling the ShadowKnight up to the second floor with all of my strength, I ran the risk of being overpowered. This guy was heavy. I initiated the reserved strength enhancements provided by my invisible suit.
When he was high enough to get a firm footing, I released his large white yo-yo. The ShadowKnight thought the magic of his yo-yo gave out.
Confused, he straightened and gave his yo-yo a flick with his toe. As always, it recoiled up to his hand. Eying it closely, he tried to determine what just happened. Tossing out his yo-yo it unspooled its string before spinning freely. He listened to it like he expected something to be loose inside it.
After a quick shrug, he wound it back up quickly and connected it to his belt. The ShadowKnight then removed his rope and mechanical grappler hook. Before he used the rope, he took one last suspicious glance over his shoulder. Throwing his mechanical grappler hook with a powerful under-handed toss, the ShadowKnight heard it snap a hold onto the remaining stairs above. After giving two strong tugs to test the grappler’s grip, he swung into the stairwell and began pulling his way up the rope, hand over hand. He did well considering how much extra weight he was carrying.
The punks waited for the dust to thin before storming into the bottom of the stairwell. Showering bullets up at the ShadowKnight, most of the shots glanced off his cast iron boots, until he dropped a grenade. The punks scrambled.
To avoid getting toasted when the grenade went off, I put my suit into action and leaped weightlessly up the stairwell. Above me, there wasn’t enough room to pass by the ShadowKnight. Pushing him up the rest of the way, we scaled what was left of the staircase with ease.
The grenade detonated, punching fire and burning smoke back up at us. Diligently we climbed to the tenth floor when the ShadowKnight stopped. I thought he was out of breath, but actually he heard something. Cautiously, opening the tenth floor door, the ShadowKnight quietly slunk through. That’s when I noticed a fire had started below us.
“That’s him!!!” someone shouted.
Hearing one gunshot, I opened the door and saw the ShadowKnight throw some ninja-stars at the punks as they tried to step off the elevator. Stomping his feet to the fallen punks, the ShadowKnight kicked a door to a room at his right. The door exploded open then he hauled the injured punks inside with him.
Dropping them onto the floor, he traipsed to a shattered window. There, the ShadowKnight peeked out and observed the punks in the street for a moment. Forcefully, he grabbed a punk and held him close to his helmet.
“You were all like brothers to me just yesterday. Now, I need to send your pals a message and you’re going to be the messenger.” The ShadowKnight spoke with a slow deep growly voice.
Pushing the face of the sniveling punk up against the glass of the dirty window, the ShadowKnight shouted, “Leave here now and I’ll let the rest of you live!”
The punk twitched and opened his eyes as both he and the ShadowKnight waited for an answer. A meek whimpering protest came from the punk, but the ShadowKnight ignored it.
The scene made my skin crawl.
A single bullet broke the window from outside and pierced the chest of the punk.
The ShadowKnight pushed the dead limp body out through the broken glass of the window. Sharp clear shards followed the fresh corps as he plunged ten stories to his absolute demise.
“No!!!” I yelled.
The ShadowKnight turned quickly, “Who’s there?!” he demanded to know.
I didn’t answer. Not only was I mysterious, I was a cantankerous ghost.
“Who’s there?!!!” The ShadowKnight repeated even louder. Searching the room, unable to hide his confusion and frustration, the ShadowKnight paused, “You better answer me, or I’ll...” the ShadowKnight paused.
Not wanting to give my position away, I remained silent.
“Place is haunted.” He muttered under his breath. Not so careful to keep his body concealed and protected, the ShadowKnight squared his shoulders as he marched right up to the window and looked down on the angry crowd and shouted his declaration, “I’m the greatest warrior there is, or ever will be!!!”
Hearing the ShadowKnight speak this way, I recognized his voice. He was Domin. There was no mistaking it. This was the same Domin I knew growing up on the Knolix Island.
He recoiled into the room and grabbed a second and third punk to heave out the window also.
Making myself visible to Domin, I stepped forward and took hold of his victims and pulled them free from his grasp.
Swinging around vengefully, Domin warned, “I have no problems fighting a ghost! I swear to God!!!”
The punks fell, clattering to the floor.
Dazed at the sight of me, Domin now recognized who I was. “Eddy…” As he took a second glance out the window, I disappeared once more the second Domin’s back was turned.
Abruptly, Domin ran out of the room. Something he noticed from the window spooked him.
Following him as he broke through to a room across the hall, I was surprised when the room we had just left, exploded in a thunder of destruction and fire.
The shockwave lifted my full weight of eight hundred pounds right off the floor and threw me clear across the room. I touched down unsteadily as I sprinted for cover.
Also feeling the blast to the marrow of his war hardened bones, Domin’s muffled voice groaned, “Ahurg! - Rocket launchers!”
Smoke puffed out from the seams of the elevator doors as it moaned with a deep hollow warning. The elevator belched up a roar that blasted out the doors. The doors sailed to the other end of the hall. Next, the staircase blistered and blew apart with fire. This threw splinters and hot shrapnel in the opposite direction down the hall.
We tried to shield ourselves from the powerful heat-wave.
The sirens of emergency vehicles screamed outside.
Domin stood by a new window. “Finally!” he breathed, “The real cops. Now where’s their choppers?”
“Evon.” I said, “Observe Domin carefully. If he tries anything suspicious, be sure to notify me.”
“OF COURSE, MASTER.” Evon said. “BUT AS LONG AS HE CAN’T SEE YOU, YOU’RE QUITE SAFE.” A brief moment of realization sunk in for the little sertz. “OH, NO - MY LORD, YOU DON’T MEAN YOU’RE GOING TO...”
I became visible for the ShadowKnight.
The field around me wavered and diminished then the energy gel slunk off my head as far as my neck. When Domin tried to attack me, throwing darts, Evon shot them out of the air with its gleaming bright shots.
A growl, the likes of which I had never heard before, came up from deep within Domin’s chest.
Chapter 31

“YOU DISGUST ME.” I told Domin.
He responded shouting. “I’m the greatest warrior there is, or ever will be!!!”
“Right, heard you the first time…”
I steeled myself in readiness before the fight. Tightening my fist I drew my arm back to strike him, Domin mirrored my actions then we charged toward each other wildly.
With longer arms, I swung contacting Domin’s head. Staying clear from all of his spikes and blades, I swept Domin off his feet, launching his flailing body into the air which sent his back into the ceiling. A light fixture shattered and an impressive indentation marked the impact above.
Falling flat down to the floor, Domin just laid there for a moment. He thought he was the greatest. I could’ve let the idea of being the most powerful being in this world go to my head, but I’d rather go home to Verticus. Besides, it’d be a dangerous episode if I flew into a temper tantrum. Domin could’ve leveled all of Cosmo City if he was a true volk.
Rising from the floor, the ShadowKnight glared at me.
After striking so hard, my expression turned to one of regret and contempt. “Believe it or not, I want to help you.” I told him seriously.
“The only way to help me is to join me, otherwise get out of my way... Eddy.” He knew my name which confirmed it. This ShadowKnight was Domin. The tone of his voice half covered the icy deception he tried so hard to mask. He was determined to strike a vengeful and decisive blow until the sound of a helicopter amongst the sirens approached from the distance and distracted him. Grizz’s anger seemed to subside for the moment.
“Fine, now follow me. I’ll get us out of this Domin.” I received no reaction from the ShadowKnight. He just stood facing me… studying me.
“Domin is dead. I’m Grizz now and you can forget ordering me around!” retaliated the ShadowKnight. He removed his pouch of C-4 explosives and tossed them down the hallway toward the flames. “If it’s not my way, it’s the highway!” Grizz began to run with his rope and grappler hook in hand. Picking up speed, he leaped out the broken window.
I followed him to escape the impact of the explosives.
At once, the apartment windows blew out at us from behind with torrents of twisting fire. Twisting in mid-air, Grizz tossed his grappler hook from the tenth floor. The mechanical grappler caught the landing ski of a police surveillance helicopter.
To activate the claw of the grappler, Grizz used the controls of his sophisticated golden remote control ring. He always wore this ring on the middle finger of his right hand.
The helicopter pulled away from the building as the entire structure puffed out with the blast, crumbled and collapsed.
Grizz’s weight tugged at the helicopter causing it to tilt off kilter.
The searchlight swung around lighting up our surroundings.
Aggressively, Grizz climbed his cable to the cockpit of the two pilots. Punching through the windshield with his studded black brass knuckles, Grizz made a terrifying impression.
The police pilots panicked as the ShadowKnight forced the cockpit door open. The officers shot at their intruder, but Grizz pulled them from their seats and tossed them from the helicopter.
The two officers plummeted into the river.
Grizz had to pilot the helicopter, but not knowing how to control the aircraft he over compensated and steered it in aimless little circles. Crashing into the river, the rotors sprayed water fifty feet into the air chopping into the river for a few beats before shattering. Pieces of metal rotor shards streaked and whistled through the air.
Grizz struggled to get out of the helicopter.
Switching off my ability of flight, I dropped into the river.
Diving under the water’s surface I steadily worked my way to the copter. Clasping my arms and legs around the cockpit, I applied pressure until the cockpit imploded then I tore it apart. Grizz was heavy to move underwater, but I pulled the brawny man out and hauled him onto the sandy shore. We both collapsed to the ground.
I took off Grizz’s helmet. His scarred face was hard as if he had muscles in his jaw, chin, eyebrows and cheekbones. Grizz’s scruffy, unshaven face and long shaggy wet hair had a dirty story behind it. Recognizing Grizz’s facial scars and dark tattooed skin around his eyes, I was reminded how much of a wildcard he was. All manner of weapons hung off his armour which worried me.
Placing my open hand on Grizz’s chest, I called out. “Evon, warm this man and bring him around to consciousness.”
My suit increased with energy and became brighter with ghostly peels of blue light radiating away.
Grizz’s face twitched. He coughed before taking a great gasp of air. Opening his eyes, Grizz looked at me. Noticing who I was, he pushed me away defensively and stared at me with wide wild eyes ready to attack. His pupils were fully dilated and intense with questions. Full of skepticism, Grizz was unsure of my intensions.
A long double edged blade sprang forth from the upper wrist of his gauntlet. When he swung his blade at me, I lifted my arms in defense. Striking my romstrunn with the gauntlet blade, the blue energy gel of my suit began to spill out of the breach onto the ground. The damage to my romstrunn caused the blue energy of my volk suit to retract back into the unit as the glowing gel pumped and drained out.
“Is that your blood?” Grizz asked.
I just gave him a look of disappointment. “Hey! Do you attack everyone who saves your life? I ought’a toss you back into the river.” 
The ShadowKnight was surprised and confused at the sight of the energy gel spurting out. With the intent to put some distance between us, Grizz clumsily leaped away and climbed the rocky embankment. Within moments, my energy gel outfit had drained away leaving me half naked and standing on the shore wearing only my boxers.
Turning my attention to my romstrunn, I examined just how badly it was damaged. The romstrunn was still partially operational, but the damage to the energy gel compression unit was beyond my ability to repair. Looking up at Grizz contemptuously, I saw him scrambled over the top of the stone retaining wall to the elevated parking lot. 
Before he disappeared, I picked up his metal helmet from the rocks and threw it at him. The helmet struck Grizz at the center of his shoulder blades. His iron shoulder plates took most of the impact.
His helmet bounced high off Grizz and tumbled amongst the parked vehicles.
Grizz turned and sneered at me.
Advancing one step toward Grizz, he appeared more confident and strong than I remembered him.
“I would’ve killed you by now if that was my intention.” I told Grizz. “Now, put your little knives away so we can get out of here. I need to discuss something with you.”
“Ohhh, you’d like that wouldn’t you. I give you just a sliver of trust then when I turn my back you’d shove a knife in it!” Grizz, still very suspicious of me, felt everyone in the world was after him. “They sent you after me… didn’t they?”
Grizz searched for his helmet amongst the parked vehicles.
“I remember you.” I told Grizz. “What did they do to you, Domin?” I asked as friendly as I could.
“I’m going to make this parking lot, your tomb.” the ShadowKnight growled.
“Oh, come on, that’s no way to talk to an old friend.” I attempted to lighten Grizz’s mood.
Grizz let out a drawn breath of exhaustion, “I remember you, Eddy.”
I heard his metal blades clash together.
His voice lowered. “I’ve always hated you.”
“That’s fine, I don’t like you either, but I’m curious, what’re you fighting for?” I asked, point blank.
Grizz was taken aback by the question, for all his life he had to fight for some reason or another and it was usually for the same thing, “I fight to win!” the ShadowKnight spoke with a swagger.
“To win? Win what?” I challenged him.
“The fight, you idiot! One wins and one loses. I don’t lose!” Grizz never thought I was ever that smart but now he figured I was just that stupid.
“I’m sure you don’t. Listen, you’re one of a kind, the last of the ShadowKnights, right? I’m the last of my kind too.”
“What about your mother? She’s a volk also, isn’t she?” Grizz tried to correct me, but Grizz had unknowingly pressed a sensitive button.
I dropped my head feeling the weight of regret that I couldn’t save my mother’s life. “She isn’t with us anymore.” I finally told him. A wave of significant loss crashed over me.
He recognized the sadness in my voice. “I-I’m sorry, Eddy.” Grizz sounded sad also. More silence, “Though I never knew her very well, she was my mother too.” Of course, how selfish of me not to consider how my mother’s death would affect others. All I could see was my own pain.
I decided to level with Domin and see where it brought us. “Domin, I fight for a purpose. I want to go home to my world where I belong. I have some information you’d be very interested in.”
“What kind of information?” Grizz demanded with a low snarl of skepticism.
“Secrets about the Knolix Island.”
Grizz perked up at the mention of, not only the island, but its name, Knolix Island. 
“Tell me!” he demanded.
“Soon enough, but first we have to get out of here. We need to work together.” I told him. “We’ll be a force unstoppable and our chances of success increases substantially. What do you say? Shake on it, brother.” I waited, but Grizz was slow to answer... Too slow. “We need to get moving, together. Right now! Agreed?” I shook Grizz out of his brooding funk.
Without answering right away, the ShadowKnight finally replied, “Agreed…” His deep rough voice echoed. Watching his body language carefully, the ShadowKnight extended his open hand to me in the darkness. I took hold of it and we firmly shook on our new arrangement.
At the other end of the parking lot was a café. Everyone at the little restaurant left their tables to peer out the windows. They watched with riveting anticipation as we approached.
“Let’s take a couple of these hogs.” Grizz suggested, gesturing to the row of parked motorcycles.
“There’s got to be a better way.” I said. There was no doubt these bikes were someone’s prized possessions. In the distance I could hear activity of humans dealing with a vehicle accident.
Grizz wrapped his hand around the handle grip of one of the bikes. “Take a hog and follow me or stay and die! Don’t argue with me! This game has no place for a goody-boy!” declared the ShadowKnight.
“Get away from my bike you freak!” The voice of the motorcycle’s owner barked from the open doorway of the café. I could feel the biker’s distraught emotions of fear and protectiveness. 
I stepped toward the biker with the palms of my hands held out toward him. The bearded biker was dressed in black leather which made him look tough. “Easy, man. We don’t want any trouble.” Twenty devoted bikers came out of the café behind him. They shared the same Harley Davidson crests, emblems of eagles and fire. Someone snuck up behind me and surprised me when they whipped a chain across my shoulder. I feared the ShadowKnight would get angry and cause a massacre for striking me. The angry bikers intended to protect themselves with primitive weapons of hammers, knives and chains.
A few bikers who opposed us moved in on Grizz aggressively. Stepping toward a couple of the parked motorcycles, Grizz grabbed a couple of them by their front wheels and dragged the bikes from the curb. When Grizz started swinging them around and around, the bikers who surrounded us backed way off.
While Grizz spun, he released the bikes. One flew into the main front window of the café the other embedded itself through the windshield of a nearby family minivan in the parking lot.
“Hey!” I shouted at Grizz. “Stop this! We need to get out of here!”
“My thoughts exactly.” Grizz hissed. Turning back to the remaining parked Harley Davidsons, the owners of the bikes were in quite an aggressive stir. At the other end of the line of parked motorbikes, a couple of bikers were trying to start their rides up to keep them from being damaged too. Once their motors came alive with a chest pounding roar of thunder, Grizz went to them. Marching through a small crowd of protesters he back-handed the bikers out of his way with ease. When Grizz pulled the riders off their Harleys aggressively, a couple biker girlfriends screamed. Grizz shot them a look with angry burning eyes and the ladies immediately clammed up and held their screams back.
Hopping onto one of the bikes, Grizz jerked his head signaling me to follow him, saying. “You com’n or not?”
The sound of distant sirens grew louder. A military surveillance helicopter made a fly-by capturing us in its spotlight before reporting our position.
Considering how desperate our situation was I couldn’t argue with Grizz. I knew I’d regret stealing the motorcycles, but there was no time to find an alternative solution. I sat on the leather seat of the idling motorcycle while the bikers cursed us. The shocks strained under my weight as I dwarfed the size of the hog. My size in proportion to the motorcycle didn’t appear compatible but the tall handle bars made it easier for me to steer. Peeling out, I passed the angry crowd of bikers at the café. They continued to yell at us throwing beer bottles. It wasn’t important where we went. We just needed to put some distance between us and the authorities.
I let the ShadowKnight lead the way.
Chapter 32

THE THUNDEROUS NOISE of our motorcycles echoed off the buildings in the wake of our reckless speed. Throughout the minimal traffic of the city, I followed close behind Grizz. The night sky deepened. An eerie smog lingered over the city streets. The warm lights of countless windows decorating the tall buildings calmed me somehow. The people of Cosmo City had been instructed to remain indoors and off the streets, but recently the instructions changed. People were ordered to evacuate the city. This fueled the chaos with added confusion.
Grizz had a talent for steering us clear of roadblocks and avoiding search helicopters. We hid from our, would be captors, most of the time. Occasionally, the police surprised us, but as long as I tailed close behind Grizz, he would eventually lose them. I let Grizz lead the way because he was trying to take us some place safe… whatever that meant.
As we drove through glass doors of large building complexes, we found Cosmo City was quite void of people. Recent public announcements to evacuate the city were promptly obeyed.
After we drove through the Cosmo City mall and passed through to the other side, Grizz led me to break out through the glass doors with him. I followed him through an alley to an underground parking lot of a neighboring building. Though Grizz’s methods were erratic, he managed to keep us hidden in plain sight.
He managed to confuse the authorities as we made the shadows our primary disguise.
Sirens of police cars and fire engines sounded off late into the night. We heard them chasing after every lead whether it was substantial or not.
After countless turns, I wondered if I was giving Grizz too much credit. Did he really have a plan? And if so, did he even know where he was going? It seemed like he was lost. Deeper and deeper we travelled into the city. The sirens and rolling lights of the police diminished behind us. I suspected the army was tracking us and preparing a trap for us.
Running red lights of intersections in a desperate high speed attempt to outrun the three pursuing Boeing Sikorsky RAH-66 Comanche helicopters, the forces from the sky grew in numbers the further we delved into the city.
Twin-turbine armed reconnaissance helicopters came into play. These babies had stealth characteristics like retractable under carriage and weapons stubs, an angular over-all shape and engine exhaust slots under the fuselage.
Grizz led us to the outskirts of Cosmo City. The Comanche helicopters lost sight of us for a moment when we hid under a series of over-passes. Uncertain of our exact position, the city police, in conjunction with the military, were busy setting up roadblocks closer to the heart of the city to keep us from getting out. Little did they know, we were already out. 
With the Comanche helicopters approaching from the distance, we finally broke the lock at the gate and drove into a huge, old abandoned industrial yard. The yard was surrounded with a tall chain-link fence. Our motorcycles’ wheels spun with such power around the corners, we sprayed gravel.
Within an industrial complex, Grizz drove near warehouses and kicked their doors in and broke some windows. ‘What was he looking for?’ I wondered. ‘A place to hide? A friend who could help? Or did he have some kind of mental imbalance?’ At any rate, I began to question Grizz’s ability.
The sound of his heavy footsteps were so loud crunching gravel, I expected the militarized police to spring up around us and open fire. Marching over to a tall garage door, Grizz began lifting it. I heard the lock snap off. We walked the bikes inside and closed the door behind us just as the spotlights of a surveillance helicopter washed over the building. Grizz kept going and I could see he was ignoring the ridged tension that seized his muscles.
Waiting to see if we’d been spotted, the helicopter finally passed us by and didn’t return. Pulling out an old dusty tarp, Grizz placed it over the two bikes. 
“Follow me!” he commanded. I followed him up the stairs of the filthy platform to a balcony which supplied a great overview of the saw mill below. Grizz had obviously been here before.
Stopping half way up the stairs, I looked at him, “I’m not a dog you can pull around on a leash.”
Grizz stopped and turned to me with a menacing slowness. “Sure, just keep up.”
I asked Grizz. “How long can we hide out here before they find us?”
“I figure this location will last us the night at least.” Grizz answered with a swagger of attitude. “You saw me kick open some doors from warehouses at the east side of this industrial area? That was to set off the security alarms creating a decoy for our escape. Those alarm systems will encourage the military to search for us in that area. From up here I can keep my eyes on them. This specific warehouse is on my old turf. The alarm system was disabled long ago. Trust me, we’re safe.”
“You don’t trust anyone. I get that. But I’m supposed to trust you? Just look at what you’ve done! Tripping those alarms will bring them here even sooner!”
“I know. It’s called a diversion to keep them looking where I want them to. As I said, I’m able to monitor their progress and keep from being surprised by them.”
“Suppose we’re fully surrounded by morning,” I asked with suspicion. “Then what would we do?”
“We’ll take to the sewer.”
“No! No sewers for me.” I answered with disgust.
“We’re on the run!” Grizz snapped. “What kind of answer are you expecting from me? We don’t have a lot of options. This is no special agent film. I cannot conveniently just fly us out of here at day break!”
I took this as his attempt at trying to come up with an amicable solution. Looking at the motorcycles, I noticed all of the wood of the saw mill and the misplaced tools when I instantly pieced together the fortitude of his suggested plan.
I tried to explain to Grizz how I wanted to convert the motorcycles. He proved to be smarter than I thought when he demonstrated he understood me. Finally, he gave into my request. Grizz figured, unless he came up with a better plan, we might as well go for it. It was better than the sewer and I gave him all the credit for it.
The only hint that he liked it was when he involuntarily allowed a shed of glee escape his lips.

Carrying the motorcycles up the creaking staircase, we worked on the project together while we talked. Grizz had many questions about the island and he knew quite a bit about what was going on inside it also. We learned a lot from each other’s experiences.
Grizz seemed confident with our temporary safe-house for the moment.
I shared no such feelings of security.
“Hmph-hmph.” I heard a muffled chuckle come from Grizz. “Funny, we were schoolmates yesterday and now we’re going to war.”
“We’re not going to war.” I told him sternly. “Could you pass me that wrench over there?” I pointed. While Grizz reached for the wrench, I continued. “Tomorrow morning, at day break, we’re getting out of here.” I wanted to tell him, ‘I will go my way and you will go yours. The end.’ but like him or not, I knew I had to take him with me to the Ied era. I glanced out the window to see if anyone was creeping around our complex. The area was clear. When I turned back, Grizz placed the wrench in my hand.
“You do have a destination in mind, right?” Grizz’s question half surprised me. “If you have a plan, I want to know what it is.” For the moment his anger was dormant.
The wrench was one size to small. “It’s complicated. Not only do I think you won’t understand, I think you won’t trust me after I explain. I’ve been following you through the city, trusting you not to lead us into a trap, or get us killed. Now, I need you to trust me. I can take you to a world of our kind, but it won’t be easy. I need a wrench one size larger. This one’s no good.”
“Oh, so after I’ve proven to be trusted to save your life, you think we still have trust issues? Maybe I’ll live, maybe I’ll die, but you’ll always be an obnoxious volk to me, Ed-man and that’s the largest wrench I have so choke on it!”
“Obnoxious? I’m sure you had nothing but compassion for the punk you dropped out a window. I just want to return to the world of volks where we will no longer be hunted.” I gripped the bolt head with my finger tips and loosened them the hard way. I removed and disassembled the motorbike’s front steering column.
“That’s right. Like you, Eddy, I don’t fit in this world.” Grizz agreed.
I turned to look for shadows moving in the streets below but there was nothing.
“You and I are both victims of those psycho government scientists on the island. We should do something to bring them down.” he suggested.
“I’m not interested in bringing them down. I told you, I just want to go home.” My face tightened as I turned away.
“I have more volk blood running through my veins than I do human.” With impressive strength, Grizz bent a metal pipe. I caught sight of some rather odd veins branching out over the tightened muscles of his arms. I could actually see his dark blood pumping through his blood vessels. 
“To live and see this volk world of ours, or to die trying, I’m ready, either way.” I had the sense it wasn’t easy for Grizz to agree with me. ‘What had he been through?’ I wondered.
Removing the rear tire and chain, I proceeded to do the same to the other motorbike. As I did so, I telepathically looked into some of Grizz’s memories to get a better understanding of his past.
I could tell Grizz knew I was looking though his memories. He just observed the images along with me to prove trust did exist between us.
“Sometimes I wish I was never created at all.” Grizz responded from the experience.
I found through understanding Grizz, I felt more connected to him than I expected. “Because of the pain you’ve endured, you’re one of the most powerful people on this planet. Through you, my twin brother lives.”
Turning his face to me as though studying, Grizz reclined into his chair with added comfort. We felt a sense of relation between us after his story was shared.
“I never could understand who, or what, you are. Everyone knew you were a volk, but what does that mean? Are you an alien?” Feeling closer to me, Grizz expected an open, honest answer. 
“I’m from the world I’m going to return to. You and I can explore it together. It’ll all be new to me also.”
Grizz chuckled, “If we get that far… Chances are, you’ll get caught and your verdict will be death. Your cute little intrusion of this world will fill history books for years to come. By pushing your way into the public’s eye, you’ll likely become the most significant discovery of our time. There’ll probably be a museum built in your honor, filled with your strange broken devices.” Grizz pointed to my romstrunn.
I jerked it away before he could touch it.
Smiling crookedly, Grizz continued. “Your life history will be documented for all to read. If I’m lucky, I may be briefly mentioned in the document. I certainly don’t see how I can compete with the likes of you. The document will probably be placed on a stand in front of a couple of huge glass cased boxes. In one box will be your skin stuffed and positioned in a threatening manner to portray you as a beast. The other box will have your skeleton fused together at the joints in a similar body positioning.”
“Nice.” I said, acting casual about his detailed imagination. “I didn’t know you were so talented at bedtime stories.” I tried to stay as busy as possible and not let it show how much his story actually affected me.
Grizz had a point. My existence here, in this present time was certainly out of the ordinary. Whatever happened would have serious consequences on the future. This was the same situation Gastonish faced when she confronted the Ornocks. The Ornocks almost sacrificed their lives to keep the future safe. I was certain the future would change no matter how much I interacted within it, in a big way or small.
My mission to return to my home world included the destruction of any evidence pointing to the existence of volks. It was clear there was no other choice, but to remove Grizz from this world. An assortment of volk fluids, muscles, bones and who knows what organs comprised his unique body, so letting him go wasn’t an option. I had no choice but to take Grizz with me or destroy him.

Our dark and cramped work-space had no power available to it. We had no use of power tools or lights. Every motion, no matter how small, was enough to raise a small billow of dust and it got into everything.
Grizz was very unorganized and clumsy as he worked. He didn’t follow my instructions very well at all. “Just tell me. Where did you come from? How will you get to your world?” Grizz pressed obtrusively.
“The how will require a great deal of trust on your part and I know that won’t be easy for you. Our planet is called Verticus and we will have to travel through a great deal of space to get there.” I explained as basic as I could.
Grizz looked at me for a moment with no readable expression on his face. Then he said, “Believe it or not, I do trust you. I believe you too.”
I looked up at Grizz when he made that comment.
“You’re not from around here and you had to get here to this time and place, somehow. Now you’re going to back track and return to your world the same way you arrived, right?”
I was satisfied that Grizz understood.
“I’m sure your mother explained everything to you.”
With a nod I said, “In great detail.”
Grizz had been observing the progress of the military’s search efforts carefully. When their searchlights pointed in our direction and the soldiers began approaching, Grizz climbed up to the roof. With his modified slingshot, he targeted several structures in the outlining area. With perfect precision he hit the base of these rickety structures and some of them fell over like skeletons breaking to pieces upon the ground.
This misled the searching military groups and proved very effective. The searchlights pointed away from us and everyone moved off to investigate the damage. 
“I’m almost finished with these modifications.” I reported.
Grizz slowly leaned forward studying the two rebuilt motorcycles.
“Why don’t you give me a hand here?” I suggested. I felt relieved to finish my conversion project of the bikes, ahead of schedule.
Standing up straight, Grizz looked down at me and said, “That was a complete waste of time! We’ve been at this for hours! The military’s getting closer! I’m not tinkering with these bikes a second longer. It’s time to do things my way! I need to make preparations! We’re going to have to fight our way out of this jam!”
“Fine,” I told Grizz, “I’m almost finished here. We might as well distract the soldiers, just don’t get us killed.”
“My pleasure.” Grizz grinned like he finally had something fun to do. “I’ll be right back.”
Finding some old abandoned cover-alls and old clothes left behind in lockers, I had shaken the dust off and tried them on. They were labelled, ‘One size fits all.’ This was obviously in reference to an average human, not a volk. I ended up wearing an old rustic brown jacket and stretched my legs into a pair of dark green plastic rain pants.

Grizz wasn’t gone long before he returned. “I have bad news.” a hopeless tone was clearly detected in Grizz’s voice. “The streets are full of vehicles heading toward us. They’re coming to get us.”
We gave the military time enough to stage themselves in strategic locations throughout the complex. The military was waiting for us to make the next move and when we did, they planned to destroy us once and for all.

Without an opportunity to test the devices or practice simple maneuvers, we went ahead like we did this sort of thing all the time.
“Your plan is taking too long Ed-man.” Grizz said. “This idea; changing motorcycles into flying machines? What a waste of two vehicles and a lot of time! It won’t work! We should’ve been working on a real plan, or even a back-up plan to get our butts out’a here! Now we have no time left! They’re here!”
The morning sun winked open over the distant horizon of Cosmo City’s tall towers. Seeing the glistening dew drops on the old windows brought a warmth to my soul like it symbolized the beginning of a golden new life.
Grizz sat at the window and watched as military infantry men, dressed in black fatigues, cautiously crept closer. They were spread thin throughout the industrial warehouse yard just outside. Breaking into the warehouses one by one, they systematically searched for us. The scouts were cautious but thorough. A rifle discharged within a nearby facility.
The transformation of the motorcycles was complete. We had converted the motorcycles into our new operational, flight-suits. I created the wings out of spruce plywood, and angle iron. The propellers were taken from huge fans which the saw mill used to suck away sawdust.
With the harnesses tightly secured around my shoulders and waist, I felt the weight of the padded seat press against my upper back. The fuel tank; also padded, pressed against my lower back. The propeller fanned out above me like a helicopter. I had the handle bars connected above my head. We could change gears manually, while in flight. In order to control the steering, I designed some wing attachments for our ankles. They would catch the air and keep our feet from dangling.
“Are the charges set?” I asked, while busy trying to strap on one of the flight-suits.
“Yeah, but I feel like this is just another one of your ideas that’ll back fire on us.” a typical comment from Grizz.
“We’re depending on each other’s skills.” I told him.
Noticing the troops heading for our complex, Grizz marched toward me saying. “That’s it! Let’s go, go, go!!!” He began strapping his flight-suit to his back. “Stay and tinker around with your gizmo all you want! I’m done here!” Pulling the starter, the engine came alive with a roar.
“Okay, Grizz! I’m ready too!” I shouted back. “Keep it pinned! If you fly too slow they’ll shoot you out of the sky!”
As the soldiers reacted to the sound of our flight-suit motors starting up, we could hear the troopers enter the warehouse below us on the main floor.
Grizz set off the first stage of explosive charges and a section of the ceiling disintegrated from the blast. Before the dust settled, we hustled under the new opening.
Grizz shifted his flight-suit into gear. His propeller roared then he began to lift off the floor.
Pulling my lever, I shifted my flight-suit into gear also.
Grizz placed a hand on a device mounted to a cat-walk guard railing. With a quick snap of his fingers, Grizz activated the device and started the second stage of explosives. Giving his flight-suit all it had, he shot out of the roof above as though the sky was the vacuum of space.
Revving up my propeller, I too felt the powerful tug skyward.
The second stage of Grizz’s explosives started a chain reaction. Pieces of burning wood and metal tore at my dark green rain pants and struck my motor. No noticeable damage followed. Each explosion went off one after another. The warehouse supports blew as they systematically went off around the outskirts of the building. The walls unraveled and the entire structure shook.
The last series of explosives blew the base of all the main support beams at the center of the warehouse. My wing tips just barely cleared the opening of the ceiling. Gunning the engine I rose higher than the bellowing smoke. While I climbed into the air, the entire warehouse flattened to the ground below me in an angry cloud of dust. Glancing up, I saw Grizz achieve a lot of distance above me.
Shots rang out at Grizz and I from the industrial complex. Wrenching at my gear stick, the propeller spun harder. Flying low to the building tops, I managed to stay out of the gunner’s sights.
Grizz made himself a prime target by moving slowly across the sky. ‘I told him not to do that.’ My propeller almost clipped the roof tops.       
Bullets ricochet off Grizz’s armor. He continued flying straight up. I explained how to pilot a flight-suit, but he was letting it lead him rather than taking control.
Jets headed straight for us and they were hungry to engage in combat.
Above me, Grizz shook his fist at the five jets as they passed with supersonic speed. Releasing his hands from his handle bars, Grizz loaded his slingshot. Before he had his weapon ready a second squadron of five jets also passed by. Descending, Grizz struggled to regain control.
The first squadron was F-35 joint strike fighters. The second squadron was F-22 raptors. When the jets passed us the first time, it was to identify us. Next time they would pass, it would be to destroy us.
Grizz and I had very little to match the weaponry of the air force’s strike fighters, but we were small and capable of better maneuverability.
F-35s came up fast. They opened fire with their internal guns. These things had laser designators. The bullets narrowly missed me as I rolled forward into a steep dive. The ammunition heavily pounded the surrounding buildings of Liberty Town. The air force had a vagrant disregard for any collateral damage. The city was presumed to be evacuated.
Grizz shot a solid metal ball at an incoming jet and missed. Loading his slingshot again Grizz shot at the second jet. His aim was more precise. Hitting the jet’s cockpit windshield apparently didn’t have any effect on the jet, though, I’m sure he rattled the pilot pretty good.
When Grizz reached into his pouch again, he accidentally tipped it up causing all of his ball bearings to fall away and out of sight. Opening his hand, Grizz found one ball bearing left. Loading his slingshot for the last time, Grizz pulled back and decisively chose his moment. Releasing his shot, he pegged the tip of an AIM-9 sidewinder missile under the jet’s wing. It detonated the entire jet into millions of brilliant red hot hurtling bits.
Glaring at the other jets with ferocious anger, Grizz threw his long distorted slingshot away.
I watched it as it fell.
With a renewed sense of drive, Grizz gripped his accelerator and pushed his flight-suit into a twirling dive. With a vengeance, he entered the game. In this dogfight, we were like little Chihuahuas with birdwings up against Rottweilers wearing jetpacks.
Voraciously, an F-22 raptor pursued Grizz, matching his tight maneuvers. The F-22 raptors were much faster than we were, of course, but they lacked the hair pin maneuverability we possessed. It took Grizz a moment to figure it out but when he did, he began to own the air and fly more aggressively than me.
He made me feel like I was dancing a ballet while he fought like a Karate master.
The F-22 unloaded on Grizz with its 20mm gatling gun. Tipping his wing as he made a sharp turn, Grizz’s motor caught a shot, blowing a mechanical part away.
The raptor pilot thought he had Grizz when black smoke bellowed out from the engine block.
Grizz decided to play chicken with an F-22. On a collision course at an intersection with an F-35, Grizz’s smoking flight-suit suddenly gave out. He twisted into a dive and went down leaving a spiral of black smoke trailing behind him. A complex city awaited Grizz far below. It reminded me of rows of jagged teeth ready to devour him if he failed to restart his engine.
Despite the nature of the chase I continued to remain close behind Grizz.
One F-35 swooped in from out of nowhere and appeared right behind me.
My motor slightly shook as I shifted gears, then my Harley Davidson engine thundered. I bolted forward just as the jet began to fire upon me with ruthless deadly streaks of fiery light. Veering to the right around a sharp corner, I ducked into the narrow space between two buildings. ‘Catch me if you can!’
I thought I outsmarted him until the F-35 proved to be equipped with short takeoff and vertical landing capabilities, or (STOVL). This allowed it to slow to a stop in midair, turn 45 degrees to my direction and with its wingspan of 36 feet continue after me between the two buildings. There was no way I was going to let it get a target lock on me, so I pulled up on my handle-bars and performed a full loop. Before I knew it, I back flipped right on top of the fighter jet. Landing flat against the F-35’s cockpit window, I gave the pilot my own wide eyed roar cry, I then slammed my fists onto the bullet resistant glass. The powerful strike cracked the window.
I appeared to be picking up a few bad habits from Grizz.
The pilot of the F-35 wasn’t nearly intimidated enough. He took the opportunity to show off his skill and the maneuverability of his fighter. The jet under me lurched left then right before it shot straight up.
Twisting my throttle full open, I caused my flight-suit to take me from the F-35. Still between the buildings, I turned my head to look back. I saw the wing tip of the F-35 clip the brick wall of a building. The momentum along with the drag, pulled the jet right into the building side.
Lodged in the building’s structure, the jet fighter began to burn.
I continued rising high above the two buildings.
Locating Grizz was easy. I found him at the end of the thick trail of black smoke. He was in the distance, still twisting throughout the tall Cosmo City towers.
Though Grizz’s flight-suit was damaged, he could still fly it despite its sputtering and coughing sounds. Through desperation and a willingness to survive, Grizz aggressively wrestled with his controls. Picking up speed, he veered off towards a road that led us to the higher-end of Cosmo City’s classier side. I wondered, ‘Where do you think you’re taking us now?’
The pressing jet-fighters came about and followed us from a distance. They refrained from any further assault.
At a glance at the city streets below, I noticed military vehicles scattered throughout the roads. Besides the fast moving U.S. army trucks, jeeps and motorcycles, I saw multiple SmartTrucks, M109A6 Paladin Howitzers, stealth tanks, Surface-to-air missile trucks (SAM) and stationed Multi Launch Rocket Systems (MLR). Amongst the heavy artillery, soldiers ran about taking up positions and preparing for our next sighting.
Because we flew so close to the road and the military’s hardware, no order was given to discharge any fire arms at all. However, we were surely being tracked so we couldn’t escape.
Chapter 33

FLYING LOW OVER BUILDING SIGNS, streetlights and intersection lights, Grizz and I accelerated through the city. Electrical cables were an ongoing nuisance. The invisible webs nearly ensnared us often. Rising above, we weaved between the tall buildings. Our motors raced with a chest pounding thunder.
Climbing in altitude, Grizz and I were able to look over Cosmo City. The little towns and cities beyond it were also visible like the smoking ruins of a large damaged area of Liberty Town.
The sound of our hogs echoed off the building sides throughout the city. The thunderous echo made it difficult for the military to track us.
Jarring windows and nerves, we were the city’s unexpected nightmare. The two squadrons of six remaining jets, three F-35s and three F-22s, ascended to surround us and close in on us. They gave us little to no chance of escape.
The military ground assault came alive. Like a volcanic eruption, they launched everything they had. Ammunition came streaking up at us in lines of fire and smoke. Missiles were linked to the most sophisticated tracking computers.
With a thought, I told Evon to confuse and destroy all missiles before they reached us. The sertz shot out of my ear emitting a sonic pulse that disrupted computer algorithms. As it tumbled through the air, it shot tiny lights at the missiles.
Buildings exploded all around us. Large pieces of concrete and metal blew out from the skyscrapers and showered upon the stationed military below. I tried to stay close to Grizz, but we couldn’t keep this up much longer. Grizz’s damaged motor sputtered worse and revved up louder than it was designed to. Realizing we had to land immediately, Grizz and I searched for our nearest means of escape.
The two squadrons of jets joined into one fleet then they dived into the city to clean up the ground assault’s mess. As the jets approached us, they followed our trail of smoke.
Grizz and I were desperate to get out of that war-zone.
Venturing around a large glassed Cosmopolitan trades building, Grizz and I spied a large smoking hole in the side of it. Like many of the surrounding structures of the city, the military assault had recently blown it out. Flying right into the gaping hole of the building, Grizz reared his smoking flight-suit up so he slowed quickly.
I flew in right behind him. Cautious of our wide wingspans we were careful not to snag ourselves on the hot twisted metal. We couldn’t continue all the way through because the hole was still a burning cavity.
What we needed was a plan.
Of course, the city was a perfect house of mirrors on a grand scale.
Pushing away from the gutted cavity of the building, I flew out to set the stage.
The structure of the main Occulous Computer Distributions Company was designed top heavy with the left side angling out at ninety degrees.
Knowing the jets would soon approach from the west around the corner, I positioned my flight-suit so I was hovering in place. I peered at the reflection of the jets as they came speeding around the corner of the large glass trades building.
The two squadrons of jets opened fire on me at once. A cluster of missiles sprang forth in curly random trajectories and detonated their target. Fire filled my volk image with a flash of twisted flames and total incineration. The image of my body was blown into countless shards of glass. When I flew over top of the squadrons unscathed, the pilots were surprised and confused. Once they figured out all they shot at was the image of my reflection, they wanted vengeance.

Cutting himself loose from his damaged flight-suit, Grizz sprang out of the burning cavity. Landing on the cockpit of an F-35, he unsheathed and stabbed his two samurai swords through the cockpit’s glass. The blades criss-crossed narrowly cutting into the pilot. Using the handles of his swords for leverage, Grizz held on tight.
All weapons ceased fire. Behind us, the building yawned and collapsed. The ground-forces didn’t risk the possibility of hitting their own air force.
The loud groans of my flight-suit throttled up and howled throughout the city.
A large caliber bullet blew a hole through my wooden wing. I realized then, the snipers posed a greater threat. The F-35 that Grizz was clinging to dropped into a dive toward the city streets.
Throttling up, I followed after him.
The main Occulous Computer Distributions building behind us must’ve been primarily made of glass. When it shattered apart under the stress of the explosions, it disintegrated.
The soldiers stationed on the street below scattered for their lives as the building teetered and collapsed over them.
Despite our steep descent, two F-35 strike fighters swooped in at us from behind. Beyond them arose a bellowing cloud of dust as the great Occulous structure flattened to the ground.
Continuing to dive toward Grizz, my motor screamed. Although I couldn’t gain on the jet, the two F-35 joint strike fighters approached me from behind, fast. We were all racing into the abyss of the city tempting our deaths. Each of our hearts felt like they were going to pound right out of our chests. 
Grizz peered into the windshield at the pilot. He could see he was nervous and fearful as the city streets rapidly approached.
Looking to Grizz, then back to the street, the pilot pulled back on his stick in a last ditch effort to lift the nose of the F-35. Searching for an opportunity to jump free from the jet, Grizz saw the pilot take hold of the ejection lever. Pulling his samurai swords free, Grizz jumped clear. Tumbling with his arms and legs out stretched, he continued to clutch a sword in each hand.
The glass canopy blew off then the pilot in his seat was rocketed out.
Parachutes sprang out from behind the F-35 and the pilot’s seat. I had to spin to dodge the canopy and pilot. The jets behind me had to slow. Engaged in such high speed, I had to pull up in time to grab hold of Grizz and veer away.
The unmanned F-35’s deployed parachutes which caused it to slow quickly.
The two jets that followed us weren’t ready for the slowing unmanned F-35. Slamming into it, they both united into a spectacular explosion of jet fuel. From the brilliant bloom of fire, wreckage rained down over the military’s arsenal on the streets below.
Pulling up with all my might, I had the throttle opened all the way. The flight-suit strained and couldn’t lift the weight of both Grizz and myself. The propeller above me slowed slightly.
The wooden wings of the flight-suit began cracking. Our momentum couldn’t take us higher.
Low to the street, I reached out to Grizz’s fists. He still held his swords. Using the sharp blades, I sliced through the straps of the flight-suit. When the straps were cut loose, we both fell. Grizz and I landed on the street with a tuck and roll. The unmanned flight-suit flew into the side of a portable military generator trailer. Within it an unearthly heart of power blazed.
When Grizz and I stood up, we were surrounded by soldiers, only none of them were concerned with us. No one had a weapon drawn on us. All eyes looked past us at something terrible in the sky. When Grizz and I turned around to see what could be worse than us, we saw the rolling cloud of dust quickly approaching from the collapse of the Occulous building.
Joining the soldiers, Grizz and I ran for our lives. Very soon we’d have to choke on dust with every breath.
I directed Grizz holding onto his shoulder armor. Bolting toward a nearby alley way, I lifted the lid of a garbage dumpster and threw Grizz inside. I jumped in after him and kicked the lid closed.
The menacing cloud of dust that rolled out from the building’s destruction blew over us. Outside I could hear the panic. The dust was able to find its way into the dumpster with us regardless of my efforts. Choking on the dust along with the smell of the garbage, we tore some fabric from my shirt and tied it around our heads so we had a filter of some measure to breathe through. Slinking out of the dumpster, we crouched down. Through the thick dust, Grizz and I attempted to make our escape.
Stepping out into the main street, we were invisible but not at short range. In the distance I heard the hum of a powerful vehicle approaching. The motor stopped as it seemed to take its time to examine what was left of the burning F-35’s remains. A shot was fired and whistled through the air.
Grizz and I backed around the dumpster believing we were under attack. 
The F-53 wreckage was targeted and destroyed in a bone rattling explosion. It wasn’t after us. Peeking around the corner of the dumpster, I could barely see through the thinning dust. The beastly military vehicle had six huge monster tires and the body of it was shaped like a silver bullet. 
An RAH-66 Comanche helicopter approached from overhead and blew the smoke and dust out flat. The strange six wheeled vehicle spun on the spot until it was facing in the opposite direction. A large ramp leveled out at the back, then a door lifted open and troopers emerged. The small platoon of eight soldiers stood in formation on the platform with their automatic rifles cradled in their arms then the ramp lowered them to the ground.
The soldiers wore grey and black uniforms with pockets full of utilities at their disposal. Their helmets were cluttered with an assortment of devices including; lights, radios and visual systems of helmet-mounted display functions. Along with their infra-red targeting grids they also turned on their miniature spotlights.
The soldiers scoured the wreckage of the burning jet crash site as they searched for evidence to confirm our deaths. Shaking his head, Grizz placed his hand to his helmet. Smoke bellowed out the ventilation slits of Grizz’s helmet when he released a deep breath.
Grizz wasn’t a complete volk. I asked him, “Are you hurt?” If Grizz wasn’t up to the challenge of continuing on, I might have to finish him off.
Grizz patted me on the shoulder and stood up straight. “Let’s go.”
The technologically laden soldiers fanned out their search from the monstrous bullet shaped vehicle to a broader expanse of the wreckage area. Despite all of the dust, more personnel arrived. Some were dressed in protective radioactive suits and others set up plastic wrapped computers. They covered the burning crash site. Other vehicles approached through the dust. Military groups were assembled to assist in the search, equipped with complex scanning instruments.
Making our way through the dust to the bullet shaped vehicle, Grizz and I climbed onto the ramp and hit the lever which raised us to the rear entrance. Entering the open rear door, a quick scan of the compartment revealed it was void of any personnel. Silently closing the rear door, the place was secure. A sealed door at the far end still needed to be inspected. Personnel transport seats with seat belts and re-enforced metal shoulder harnesses lined the inner walls facing in. The silver clasping buckles of the seat belts had a word engraved in them which read, ‘ZYLREX.’
At the center of the personnel area Grizz took interest in a long wide cylindrical gunner station. The engraved metal plate on the cylinder also displayed the name Zylrex. The cylindrical station was attached to a swiveling turret mounted to the roof of the silver beast. The gunner also controlled the side mounted heat seeker missiles. At the corner of the far end were unoccupied computer consoles and the mysterious door which undoubtedly led to the driver’s.
I reached for the handle of the thin door just as it opened on its own. A driver casually stepped out, ducking his head to fit through the low doorway. When he lifted his head, his eyes locked onto me, then he shifted his sights to Grizz.
I thought his eyes were going to pop right out of their sockets. Before I could grab the man, he ducked back into his driver’s seat like a bunny hopping into his rabbit hole. I caught the door and followed the driver through by throwing my upper body in behind him. Reaching for the driver, he escaped me. The driver seats hydraulically lowered all the way to the ground. Grabbing the steering wheel, I held on to keep from falling on top of them. I watched the driver and passenger descend a full twenty feet. When the seats had safely delivered the two soldiers safely to the street, they ran off into the dust out of sight. The seats retracted and rose to their original positioning at the navigational controls.
I slid into the driver’s seat. It was snug, of course, but I took a second to examine the controls. I made sense of most of the million or so buttons, switches and gauges, then we were off. 
“Grizz get into the back and man the cannon turret!” I told him pointing my thumb behind me.
Grizz removed his helmet. A twisted smile stirred a new spark of excitement in him. “Oh, I like this rig.” he spoke with a low growl of deceit.
“This rig is a special forces Zylrex armored personnel carrier.” I told him, but Grizz didn’t care about the vehicle’s make and model.
“So what?”
“It’s top secret!” I turned my attention away from the road to look at Grizz for a moment. “We’re in a lot more danger than I thought if the government has issued this kind of weaponry to hunt us down.”
Grizz nodded, “Understood.” and hustled into the back. “This computer is useless to us.” Grizz stated with a huff.
I looked down at my damaged romstrunn, still clasped to my forearm. I opened the cover and looked inside. The computer compact disk was still in it. “Actually, that computer might be our greatest weapon.”
“Heads up!” grunted Grizz from the turret. “We have incoming. Twenty jets with strange numeric code names. They must be more of the Government’s secret toys.”
“You scared, Grizz?” I asked though he didn’t sound scared.
“Are you kidding? They have no idea who they’re dealing with.”
“Good.” I answered back. 
Positioned in the cannon turret, Grizz examined the triggers of the rifles. Starting forward, the six wheeled Zylrex easily made its way over the area of broken concrete and scrapped jet debris.
Raising his head, Grizz saw distant soldiers begin firing at us. Forcefully, Grizz cocked the two automatic rifles before he laid down a field of suppressive fire.
With a heavy foot, I stomped the clutch to the floor. The Zylrex jolted as I shoved the stick into gear. With a hiss from the air brakes, I performed a break-stand and the front end of the Zylrex rose into the air like a heroic horse in an old Western.
Our opposition was taken by surprise as the six monster tires threatened to stomp out the soldiers like a giant boot. The front end came down hard but the massive shocks absorbed most of the impact.
Turning the wheel hard to the right, I gunned the tires, spinning us around 360 degrees. Hot fragments of debris sprayed out at the Special Forces. Driving away, we bounced over the wreckage once again. We were fired upon but it wasn’t enough to count for any damage.
“Set the missiles on auto! Don’t leave the turret and concentrate on making every shot count!” Heavy shots from the jets pummeled the road around us as Grizz fired shots from the cannon.
I had access to the main computer at my driver’s seat. It was built right into the dash. Scrolling through the system’s capabilities, I found the Zylrex had Northrup Grumman advanced electronically scanned array (AESA), Multi-function radar, Snader/Litton Amecon electronic counter measures equipment, a Lockhead Martin electro optical targeting system, Northrup Grumman distributed operture infrared sensors (DAIRS) and a thermal imaging system.
Missiles dispersed as the auto targeting grids locked onto multiple jets at once. Though the jets moved together like a well-organized flock, our ground to air missiles were not easy to escape. Using a computer screen on the dash, I could see the aerial chaos. Many fighter jets were hit. The computer detected that the jets were shielded with powerful electrical fields. Though our cannons neutralized these electrical fields, they didn’t damage the jets.
The electric shields looked like spin-offs from one of my mother’s science lessons that she held back at the island. She never submitted all of her knowledge, but what she did disclose was more than enough.
Missiles locked and automatically fired at the air raid. When the missile exploded, the entire squadron of twenty fighters broke up. The jets had extraordinary navigational capabilities. Many of the pilots used their skills and speed to outwit the missile’s target locks.
Accessing the computer at my side, I began to find out just what we were up against. These top secret jets were beefed up spin offs of the X-43A Vehicle. Capable of supersonic speed (faster than Mach 5) and tested at maximum speeds of Mach 15. This meant it was capable of flying worldwide in 90 minutes. Created in conjunction with the robotic air force, these jets were unpiloted.
Driving us out of the city, I made my way to the off ramp. This led us northbound on the number five highway. Grizz stopped firing. “What’s wrong?!” I hollered.
“Stupid computerized crap won’t work for me.” Grizz’s voice cracked with frustration.
“Are the cannons set to auto fire?” The Zylrex was built with a super computer core. Once Grizz engaged the auto controls the cannons functioned in an inhuman manner. Every shot was a hit and the strange top-secret jets took a serious pounding.
Grizz climbed back into the passenger seat beside me. “With the computer in charge, I’m no good back there!” Picking up his helmet from off the floor, Grizz placed it on his head again.
“Fine, now hold on. This’ll be ugly.” Ahead of us was a military roadblock. “Grizz, take the wheel!” I commanded.
A steering wheel was mounted on both sides of the dash. I was rather large for the small cockpit and awkwardly made my way out of my seat to crawl into the back. I took a seat at the computer console and targeted the roadblock.
Made up of one huge tank and six smaller U.S. army trucks, the roadblock had the foot soldiers dug in deep with their weapons drawn.
When our Zylrex opened fire on them, they opened fire on us. An X66 Mammoth tank fired its twin cannons, while its mounted automatic rifles thundered.
A ground soldier fired his bazooka.
The side of our Zylrex took the hit and it shook us up real good and nearly knocked the tall machine over onto its side, but the thick armored hull held. Grizz veered off to avoid any further heavy artillery. It wasn’t a bad idea, but the automatic rifles followed us. The highway was chewed up behind us under the heavy fire, destroying the tarmac of the road. Our rockets blew a large hole through the center of the blockade and disabled the large X66 Mammoth tank even though we had already deviated from that direction.
Grizz drove the Zylrex off the highway and up a steep embankment. Killing the lights, he was able to make the entire Zylrex disappear into the woods. Large boulders and trees were no obstacle for us. Using the thick forest as our cover, we crept up beside the wounded blockade. When we were lined up to them, Grizz punched it and started us forward at full speed. Charging out of the forest like a mad bull, our Zylrex sprang over the short slope to the road. Driving over some flaming vehicles, Grizz was like the star of a monster truck rally.
Thrown from the computer, I couldn’t continue what I was looking into until we were back on paved roads.
Grizz shouted back at me, “Which way, Ed-man?!”
“Just stay on the highway! I’ll let you know when to turn off!” I shouted back. Reaching up to the C.B. radio I hit the search button. The radio cycled through the frequencies and stopped when it found a clear open channel. While I listened, I inserted the disk into the computer and tried to establish a link with the Knolix system again.
The dispatch was hollering and yelling in a panic. “Augh! aw ghn! Sir! They got through, sir!!!”
“Colonel, repeat your message, over!”
“The roadblock northbound on number five has failed, sir! The target is continuing northbound!”
The radio hissed with static during a brief pause. “Colonel, reassemble your troops and head southbound. We’ll have a contact waiting for you. Over and out!”
I successfully remembered the steps Sally took to establish her modem link with the island’s computer. With Evon’s confirmation, I used the original code clearance, 8462-TS. When the Knolix computer system opened to me, I began scanning through various video surveillance systems. I saw soldiers and scientists within the Knolix Island running about in a mad panic. Orders shouted over the distant background sounds of yelling and screaming. The human attempts to keep control of the situation failed. All was chaotic. Many people of the Knolix Island were herded together at the dock where they awaited their turn to board a ferry to ship them off.
Scanning the military radio frequencies, I found another open channel. The conversation was between high ranking officials who were discussing their next move.
“...no choice but to nuke’em. Initiate operation Gavalin Drop.” I heard the coldness of the rough voice crackle through the speaker. A chill ran up my twin spines. The military was on the verge of deploying nuclear weapons to destroy us.
“No sir, I disagree! We have a new strategy!” a hoarse static-filled voice protested the order. “We’ve called back what’s left of our air force strike team and sent in a small squad of demolition specialists. Operatives are planting mines in the road which the target won’t be able to detect until they’re right on top of them. And to prevent them from turning around, we’ve deployed six Zylrex Special Forces attack vehicles to pursue them. This’ll beat them at their own game, sir.”
“Okay, that’s enough. Let’s switch again to a more secure frequency, over.”
I fiddled with the radio a little more but came up empty. Giving up quickly, I turned my attention back to the computer. With a long stretch of road ahead of us, it would take time for the military to prepare their next plan of attack. I used my time to dig deeper into the secrets of the Knolix Island.
Working at gaining access to all of the island’s perimeter defense weapons, I brought all of the island’s defenses up. I encrypted a security code clearance for myself only and a personalized voice clearance password which was, Genation. Before I used any of the defense weaponry, I punched up the files of all military personnel still on the island. Additionally, I looked into files of all of the island’s subjects, or inmates, which were myself and the other citizens of the small island. Establishing a link between the two files, I began switching the scientist’s for soldier’s ID’s and subject codes. I replaced the ID code of Commander Bruno T. Hinton, with my own personal subject code.
Inserting false information into the island’s defensive security system, the AI computer believed the subjects were running loose on and within the island. When the computer thought the subjects were trying to escape, it set off the security alarms of the island’s defense programming. The only difference was the island’s defense was now targeting soldiers as the escapees rather than the original subjects.
I made sure to unlock some of the doors within the Knolix Island. Everything was ready. I went to the cockpit and sat next to the brooding Grizz.
He drove like he was mesmerized by the road.
I asked him, “Grizz, I was scanning the radio frequencies in the back and overheard...”
“Ya, I know.” Grizz cut me off. “I heard everything up here. It looks like we’ve got two choices. Jump out now and let them whack an empty rig, or get off this road and find a different route.”
“No, I have a better idea, but we have to move fast.”
I made a mental note to my sertz, ‘If we ever survive and escape this world with our lives, I’ll call this the Genatia run.’
Chapter 34

THE KNOLIX ISLAND looked like a giant disturbed anthill rising out of the sea. People ran in a frenzy along the beaches and down the roads. The island had turned against them. Sections of the ground were unearthed and rose six feet, pushing large double barreled turrets of high powered automated tracking rifles.
Within the warren of chambers and hallways throughout restricted interior areas of the mountain, automated rifles dropped from the ceilings and targeted the employees it was designed to protect. Once people were shot, all of the panic and confusion of the Knolix Island ceased. The soldiers and scientist realized a whole new danger.
“FREEZE! RELINQUISH YOUR WEAPONS! YOU HAVE TWENTY SECONDS TO OBEY!” The flat metallic voice of the turrets locked their targets on the soldiers and scientists. Instructions of the robotic defense programming were heard throughout the entire island as they echoed over loud speakers in unison.
Soldiers and scientists froze and nervously glared at the turrets pointed at them. Looking at each other in disbelief, they thought. ‘How could our own defenses turn against us?’ Some people found the defense system unsettling and counterproductive as it was in place to defend them. ‘Surely it can’t be referring to us.’ Many islanders were testy and continued on their way. A warning shot was fired close to the feet of those who tried to move from their positions.
“THAT WAS A WARNING!” cautioned the computer. “FREEZE AND RELINQUISH YOUR WEAPONS. YOU NOW HAVE FIVE SECONDS TO OBEY OR CLEARANCE WILL ISSUE AUTHORIZED KILLS.”
Most people dropped what they were holding by this point. They still had to deal with the looming prospect of their problem, so a few rough necked soldiers decided to boldly open fire on the turrets. The heavy rifles fired one shot at each of the brave retaliating soldiers dropping them dead.
The shots and the screams came all at once as they echoed throughout the island. The turrets only needed to fire one shot because its bullets blew holes through flesh at a radius of six inches wide.
To those who still survived, the computerized weapons spoke again. “YOU’RE UNDER ARREST. ANY ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE WILL LEAD TO AN EXPEDIENT DEATH.”

Turning off the highway and backed into some bushes, Grizz and I watched for the six other Zylrex APCs. Taking advantage of every precious second, we expected them to be following close behind us. From our vantage point, we were ready to shoot at anything that came around the corner. About five minutes passed before they did arrive around the corner. Moving in pairs, they took up the entire three lane highway. Commanding the computer to release our firepower, the balloon tires of the first two pursuing Zylrexs exploded and were shredded. The vehicles were launched straight up into the air. Landing on the road upside down, one of the Zylrexs bounced and rolled right off the road. It pushed over a section of cement barriers then disappeared down a steep cliff. The other Zylrexs slumped into a ditch at the mountain’s side of the road. The personnel within wouldn’t be ready to fight for a while.
Continuing to fire our weapons we crippled a third Zylrex. The guns stopped but the barrels were still red hot. We depleted our ammunition quickly. Grizz and I looked at each other, ‘Our entire weapons cache had dried up?’
Punching our Zylrex forward, Grizz drove straight toward the mess of vehicles.
“What do you think you’re doing?!” I shouted in dismay.
“Playing chicken!” passive and cool, Grizz answered.
Heading toward the wreckage, one Zylrex behind us aggressively drove over the first two crippled ones. The six balloon tires wobbled and bounced as it climbed all the way to us. This Zylrex that confronted us was fully armed.
Taking control of the driving, I began to drive forward toward the opposing Zylrex.
The gunner manning the roof mounted turret fired on us. The first shot blew our cannons off the roof. Preparing for their next shot, the barrels of their cannons pointed straight at our cockpit.
Instinctively, I hit the switch that unlocked our seats and sent us on our hydraulic descent. The cannons fired and the near impenetrable cockpit exploded above us. Grizz and I shielded our heads from the heat and red hot debris that showered down over us.
With our seats reverberating under the shock of the blast, they lowered only inches from the road. Our Zylrex was still heading toward the other opposing Zylrex fast. The wind blew most of the smoke out of our faces. Ramming into the other Zylrex, the collision threw both Grizz and I out of our seats. We rolled out onto the pavement between the six huge monster tires of the rival Zylrex.
I reared up onto my haunches as Grizz crawled toward me.
“Com’on, we gott’a get off the road.” Grizz spoke through clenched teeth. I helped him limp to the embankment next to the road.
Another Zylrex crashed through the wreckage and fired at us. Its cannons blew what was left of our old Zylrex, sky high. They really wanted to finish us off. We rolled over the roadside cement barrier to protect ourselves from the intense heat. Grizz almost slid off the cliff, but I grabbed his wrist with one hand and held onto the cement road barrier with my other. Looking beyond Grizz into the darkness below, I could just barely see the destroyed remains of one of the Zylrexs at the bottom of the gorge.
Hanging onto the edge, I could hear a Zylrex approaching on the road behind me. It slowed to a stop. At the sound of the double driver seats descending from the cockpit, I looked down and asked Grizz, “Don’t you have any weapons left?”
Grizz looked up at me. “Huh?” he was working himself up and getting angrier.
“You know, one of your fancy weapons, a knife, a gun, a yo-yo? Anything?” I tried to help jog Grizz’s thoughts so we might still have a fighting chance.
Grizz looked at me like I should just read his mind. “Why don’t you throw something?”
“I’m kind’a busy, in case you haven’t...” Then I understood what he meant. My hand slipped a little. The soldiers stepped out of the lowered Zylrex seats at ground level.
A deep growl of boiling anger arose from Grizz.
This sound caused the troopers to take a cautious step back.
Abruptly, I slung Grizz up at them.
Just as the two soldiers were about to trigger their rifles, Grizz slammed into their chests and tackled them to the ground. While they were disoriented, Grizz struck them across their foreheads with his iron clad fists. He then confiscated their weapons.
Dropping into the open driver’s seats of our newly acquired Zylrex, we hydraulically ascended to the cockpit. Once locked in position, the radio crackled to life.
“Number five, report! Can you confirm the termination of the two targets?” There were only two Zylrexs left. Confusion was our best card at the moment and I wanted to play my hand for all it was worth. I wasn’t ready to break radio communication with the other Zylrex just yet.
Picking up the receiver, I said. “That’s a negative, the target still exists.” Grizz hit my shoulder and I released the button of the receiver.
“What’re you doing?!” Grizz whispered with urgent disappointment, “We’d be home-free if you just reported that we fell to our deaths!” Frustrated, he hit his steering wheel. “Tell them we’re dead, right now!” Grizz told me with a grudge.
Lifting the receiver, I keyed the button and said, “We have positive identification of both targets heading northbound. They’ve split up, one heading down the road at a tremendous speed, the other has escaped into the sticks. I’ll pursue the one into the forest, but you have to go after the one on the road.”
“Copy that, Five. Your voice is coming through… different... It’s deeper. Check your radio.”
“Affirmative. I’ll check it out!” after a short pause, “Perhaps you should go after the one on the road with us?” the sergeant was full of suspicion, now.
“These are two very slippery individuals, now move out and stop wasting time!” I told him.
“Roger. Over!” The sergeant was likely busy reporting to his authority on a separate closed channel.
Gunning the engine down the road, I had to stay ahead of the last remaining Zylrex. As the road veered to the left, I steered to the right and headed up a steep embankment into the forest full of thick pine trees.
Noticing the other Zylrex continuing north in high-speed pursuit of no one, I crept deeper into the forest. Stopping at a level clearing next to a strong creek, I opened the rear hatch and unlocked the soldiers from their harnesses. Using a small camera, Grizz and I could view the soldiers in the back of our transport.
Keying the com, my voice cracked over the speakers in the back. “Alright men. The target has been spotted heading down this creek. Pursue the subject on foot. Move out people!” For a moment, the soldiers just sat with curious expressions on their faces.
“Navigator!” Spoke a soldier in charge. “Have you forgotten practiced procedure? And how is it you’ve heard orders that we have not?”
“Oh, no!” I whispered.
Grizz lowered his eyes and shook his head.
I had to think fast. Keying the com switch once again I said, “I was given a special radio for security purposes.” I wasn’t sure if they would buy it so I hit the switch to extend the ramp from the already open hatch. I added, “Sir.” as a feeble afterthought.
Finally, the soldiers stepped out onto the ramp.
I flipped the switch to lower it. Unpredictably, the team leader of the squad jumped off the lowering ramp and marched right back into the Zylrex. “I need one last word with our navigator.” the platoon sergeant said.
“Oh, great.” muttered Grizz.
“Since when did the navigator out rank the commanding officer?!” The squad leader keyed the com. “Open up navigator. That’s an order!”
When the last soldier stepped off the ramp, I began lifting it again.
Grizz opened the backdoor of the cockpit surprising the squad leader.
Lifting his rifle, the squad leader was violently pushed out the back of the Zylrex. He fell twenty feet to the ground where he landed on his back amongst his squad.
A field medic saw to him immediately.
A line of blood stretched down from the corner of the squad leader’s mouth. He raised his lonely and curious eyes up to Grizz, his adversary who stared down upon him from the opening at the back of the Zylrex, but all his body would allow him was a mournful and painful moan as his big blue eyes grew misty and beads of sweat speckled his brow.
The troopers gathered around their leader and were completely bewildered by the incident.
Closing up the back of the Zylrex, I quickly drove off, abandoning the squad. I left them with the thunder of the Zylrex as I chewed my way into the forest creating a road where there was no road.
Grizz poked his head back into the cockpit and asked, “Do you even know where you’re going or what you’re doing? I mean this isn’t exactly what we’ve planned.”
“There’s been a change of plans.” I told him. “But everything’s under control. This is a short-cut.”
In the distance we heard a huge explosion. “What do you think that was?” Grizz asked suspiciously.
“I suspected the highway would be rigged with explosives at some point further north. It looks like I was right and the only other Zylrex has been destroyed. That should buy us some time. The military either believes we’re dead or they’re more determined to locate us.”
As we came over a mountain, I recognized where we were. The cave of the Zandith Crockmior was halfway up a mountain on the other side of the long, wide lake. “We need to climb that mountain.” I said as I gunned the Zylrex forward. Heading down the mountainside toward the lake at fifty miles per hour, our Zylrex charged through the tall trees.
Driving off a small cliff, we splashed into the glacier lake. The six monster tires kept us afloat and the treads propelled us across the surface of the lake. Water sprayed into the air as the balloon tires spun.
An alarm alerted us of approaching jet fighters. It didn’t take long for the military to locate us. As the top secret version of the X-43A (un-piloted fighters) returned to attack us, I left Grizz and crawled into the back to navigate our course. I set the auto guns online again. The Zylrex was nearing the shore when I returned upfront to assist Grizz with directions. Our automated artillery pounded and blasted as we threw everything we had at the opposing air force. Our powerful weapons shook our Zylrex with each burst of fire-power.
It was an equal fight to me. Our computer automated weapons were against those of fully automated X-43A. A few of the jet’s missiles hit so close, I thought we were done for until I noticed how many jets our Zylrex was shooting out of the sky.
With a lurch, we felt the wheels touch the ground after crossing the lake. Motoring our way up the mountain, we discharged every last missile and kept the canons blazing. The jets were so busy trying to evade our firepower they found little opportunity to target us.
I could see the scorched trail left by the alien spacecraft many years before. It was just ahead. Our Zylrex tore up the trail all the way up to the boulder that blocked the entrance of the cave. As we drove over rocks and trees, the front end pitched so high, a couple of times Grizz had us pointing straight up to the sky. After skidding to a stop at the boulder entrance of the cave, the double driver seats lowered us to the ground. The parked Zylrex continued pounding its automated weaponry at the air force.
I jumped out of my seat when Grizz shouted at me, “What’re we stopping here for?!!!”
I set my hands on the boulder and began to push.
Grizz approached me from behind and said, “Not even you could move that thing, pal.” Doubtful of my strength, he added. “Better we just face our destiny and await our doom.”
“Our chances of getting out of this has just sky rocketed.” I replied. “Just keep on trying to prove you’re the greatest warrior there ever was or ever will be!” I smiled at him under my strain.
He smirked back.
The ground crumbled and small rocks crushed under the weight of the boulder as I rolled it to the side.
Chapter 35

BEFORE WE ENTERED THE CAVE, Grizz saw it was dark with a strange distant glow. To him, it looked like the throat of our doom. He said, “Okay, I’ve trusted your lead right up to this point and even that was shaky most of the time. I’m not going in there!”
The Zylrex stopped firing with a hiss of exhaustion. It was out of ammunition. The two remaining enemy jets didn’t miss a beat. They instantly laid waste to the Zylrex before firing on our position at the cave’s entrance.
Forced to duck inside, I quickly rolled the boulder back in place sealing the mouth of the cave. I led Grizz deep into the steep channel.
He was amazed and figured, “These glowing crystals aren’t manmade, right?”
At the entrance of the inner cavity, Grizz tried to make sense of what he saw inside. The fully grown Zandith Crockmior lifeboat had broken free from its cocoon. It loomed, standing on its long spindly legs and was in need of its feeding. Nothing about it looked robotic in the least.
Following me out onto a suspended walkway, Grizz found chains moving slightly above us. He felt like he’d just entered the domain of an insane person. He was having trouble distinguishing whether or not the distant sounds of buzzing insects was coming from somewhere inside the chasm or from somewhere within his own mind. Caution instilled each step Grizz took though we each understood the dangers differently.
The wooden trestles creaked as they swung. Most of the wooden trestles built close to the cocoon were damaged when the lifeboat crawled out.
“Stay here, Grizz.” I instructed. “Don’t touch anything.”
My final word caused Grizz to recall our past interactions, “Wha?!”
Evon flew out of my ear and darted to the Zandith Crockmior. Joining with it, my sertz was able to keep its hunger under control long enough for me to release its intended meal. I didn’t have much time.
Slowly, Grizz turned his head to take in the whole unreal sight. “H-hey, where are you going?” Grizz asked, when he noticed I was climbing down a steep trestle.
“I’m going down to feed it.” I told him.
“What?” Grizz had a look of horror twitching in his eye. “So your kind, I mean, volks are food for huge insects?”
When he finished speaking I elucidated, “Grizz, I’m not bug food. I have to go down to get the feed, okay?”
“Yeah sure, I knew that. It was just a little joke. I’ll just stay up here and watch.” Grizz looked down again at the giant wasp. “Hey, make it snappy, would’ya?” He never imagined he’d ever see anything like it. With little understanding of the Zandith Crockmior, Grizz believed it was a real giant insect. Of course, though it was a living body, it was a vehicle first and a synthetic creature second. It had no sense of self awareness.
Walking along the floor, I passed the benches and tables of used laboratory experiments and prototype DNA testing. Old blackened empty exo-skeleton remains of the original Zandith Crockmior still littered the floor. Looking at the equipment, I felt like my mother’s presence wasn’t very far away. Everything reminded me of her.
I understood how Grizz felt. This wasp was alive and breathing and I was walking into its lair. Knowing how hungry it was, I kicked myself for not asking Gastonish more questions when she was with me. How could I be completely sure I was doing everything right?
I made my way past the Zandith Crockmior to one of the twelve doors which lined the outskirts of the cave’s floor. I placed my hand against the first door and listened. It was humming.
The cave shook due to an explosion from outside. A second huge explosion came more violently and the echo lingered for a long while. Many of the glowing crystals broke loose and rained over everything. Shattering to the floor, they looked like energy filled shards of glass.
“Ed!” Grizz leaped from the trestle. Using his nun-chucks, he hung from a tight sloping cable and rode his way down like he was on a zip-line. At the floor, he landed on his feet.
Looking up at the giant wasp, it appeared to be gazing right back down at him. Grizz held his breath for a moment then he turned enough to look at me stiffly and whisper, “The boulder’s been blown away! They’re coming in!!!”
“Get ready to defend yourself!” I whisper shouted my reply before proceeding to open all of the doors to the twelve chambers.
Swinging the first door open, I quickly had to open the second door within. Looking into the darkened chamber, a large insect from within emerged and brutally pushed its way past me. Long flimsy legs kicked about frantically as it made its way out. It was attracted to the light of the crystals.
When the clumsy insect lumbered past me, I immediately followed it out. The insect was only one of several others that came charging out of the chamber like a swarm. The insectular lifeboat, controlled by my sertz, reared up and came to life flapping its wings. The insects were mosquitoes. They were ugly, horrid insects with their shrill sounding wings and obtrusive long needle-shaped mouths.
A grimace crossed Grizz’s concealed face. I noticed a precarious balance in Grizz’s expression as his muscled jaw set and his chiseled features became firm.
The mass horde grouped around idiotically for a moment. They were starved for blood. Zeroing in on Grizz, the horde moved in for the kill with lightning speed. As they darted toward him, their limp long wiry legs trailed behind like loose ribbons.
Walking past me with a scowl, Grizz readied himself for battle swinging his two nun-chucks in defensive motions.
The mosquitos tried to stick their long needle nose into Grizz.
After batting the first few insect needles away, he then triggered his retractable blades that sprang out from his gauntlets and sliced their needle mouths clean off.
With Evon controlling the insectular lifeboat, it made it quick to pounce on the huge mosquitos also.
After jabbing its massive stinger through the mosquito’s thorax, the Zandith Crockmior lifeboat fed. One after the other the Zandith Crockmior quickly slaughtered countless mosquitoes.
At the next door, I slipped inside and opened its secondary door releasing huge cockroaches. These were a slower casual multitude of creepy crawly snacks for the Zandith Crockmior.
Continuing on, I opened the doors to other chambers freeing cicadas, caterpillars, beetles and winged female ants. The insects ranged in size from that of a toaster oven to as large as a small car. The Zandith Crockmior was quickly and violently eating the over-sized critters.
A military trooper from outside had cautiously made his way down the long steep cave. He had never seen a corridor cut so precisely before. He could tell there was nothing natural about it. Stepping to the edge of the cave’s inner cavity, he gasped with disbelief at what he saw. Speaking frantically into the receiver attached to his lapel, he tried his best to explain the shocking truth of the disturbing and magnificent spectacle before him. Lifting his rifle, the trooper was ordered to fire at will.
Unable to notice me from all of the other living creatures scurrying and flying throughout the spacious chamber, I ran at him.
Semi-automatic rifle bursts exploded from the trooper’s weapon as he was about to ruin everything.
My heart shot up into my throat. I was horrified at the thought of a single soldier shooting down the lifeboat and my single lifelong chance to return home. I would be stranded on earth forever if just one bullet found its mark.
Before I could do anything, Grizz took hold of a loose crystal and threw it at the trooper. With impeccable skill, the crystal cut through the air like a dart and impaled the trooper’s neck.
From his severed jugular, the trooper spurted blood from his wound as he fell into the chamber.
Insects of all sorts converged on his fresh flesh with horrible ripping sounds amongst the chattering of their mandibles.
After Grizz pointed out that a shot had been fired from the exit high above. A thick white mist began to creep from the inner cave’s entrance. “Tear gas!” he announced. “Move!” Grizz waved for me to step out of his way as he shot an arrow clean through the trooper’s chest.
He made a sound like he was choking on something. This second trooper leaned forward and fell into a mound of active and hungry ants below. Climbing to the entrance, Grizz tossed a grenade up the tunnel.
An ear splitting explosion pulsed through the cave and pushed a plume of thick dark dust out into the chamber. Deep cracks split across the concave walls. More glowing crystal fragments broke loose, shattering to the floor. Chains and heavy steel braided cables snapped free from the ceiling. The elevated wooden trestles broke away and crumbled to the cave’s floor.
The cave’s entrance collapsed sealing us in, but the source of the tear gas was cut off too.
With most of the chambers open, the entire cave crawled with over-sized insects. The inner light of the crystals diminished substantially.
Amidst the chaos of insects scurrying about, Grizz noticed the insects crawling toward him. Turning, he opened the door to the nearest insect chamber. Taking his chances between the first and second door, Grizz was sure he’d be safe.
The Zandith Crockmior didn’t break concentration and continued to feast on the smorgasbord of skittering entrees. Stepping on cicadas, beetles and cockroaches, I quickly made my rounds examining the lifeboat to find any wounds from the trooper’s gun-fire but to my amazement it hadn’t been hit.
Turning my attention back to the remaining unopened doors of insect chambers, I released more beetles, cockroaches, caterpillars and cicadas. Only two doors remained, I quickly opened the nearest door and large fuzzy honeybees flew out. They were aggressive but I simply waved them away as I was too busy to care. When the honeybees joined the rest of the insect mix, I moved on to the last and final chamber. Opening the door part way, it slipped from my fingers and slammed shut. Trying to open it again, the door was unusually stiff. Gathering my strength, I gave the door a good pull.
Grizz was ready for me on the other side. He let go of the door. I pulled it so hard I fell to the ground amongst the shallow flood of insects. When I stood up, I had to punch and throw some of the insects off myself. Their sharp mandibles bit into my thick hide with ease.
I found Grizz chuckling at me like it was all a big joke.
Just then, I noticed behind Grizz, the secondary door slowly creaked opened. A thin bristly limb laced with white webbing stretching out. It was loosely connected to the top corner of the door. Before I could warn Grizz, a spider sprang forth and pounced on his back. His face slammed to the ground.
“Evon, do something!” I cried.
Evon flew out of my ear shooting three shots at the spider. The sertz’s shots sounded like chimes. The spider immediately fell backwards with its long legs nervously shaking for a moment before its torso broke open. Its innards tore apart as it physically turned inside out.
Taking his eyes off the grotesque display to look at me, Grizz removed his helmet. His sweaty long hair was flattened to his scalp. Screwing up his angered face, he shouted, “Yuck!” Placing his helmet back on his head, Grizz was again, all business. Taking hold of one of the twitchy spider legs, he pulled the spider out of the chamber and swung it out to the floor in front of the Zandith Crockmior lifeboat.
Other spider legs moved out of the darkness behind Grizz with slow predatorial caution, ready to pounce from the chamber. Signaling Grizz of the danger behind him, he shook with the willies before hustling his way over to me.
“Were you able to do that all along?” I asked my sertz.
“OF COURSE, YOUR LORDSHIP.” Evon seemed to nod as it hovered past my face.
“It’s disgusting. Don’t do it again.” I gave the little sertz a wry look. “We can’t stay out here any longer, Evon. How do we board the lifeboat?”
“BY LETTING ME KNOW YOUR WISH TO ENTER THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR, MASTER. I CAN CONTROL IT TO RECEIVE YOU.”
“Well, we want to climb aboard now!”
“THERE IS NO CLIMBING INVOLVED, AS I SAID, THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR WILL RECEIVE YOU.” Evon disappeared when it flew to the giant wasp ship. The lifeboat stopped eating a honeybee and let its half-eaten carcass fall to the floor. Turning toward us, it flapped its wings. With a buzzing vibrancy, the wasp-like vehicle flew into the air a short distance. Then it landed right in front of us. Leaning forward it slurped me up into its mouth.
“Ed-man! No!!!” I could hear Grizz’s muffled voice call outside. Climbing into the cockpit I told the lifeboat to rise into the air.
Grizz charged forward and tried to slash at the lifeboat with his blades. Luckily, the lifeboat reacted to my command quickly. “Grizz, I’m safe inside the wasp!” I spoke from the cockpit, but my words were repeated from the lifeboat’s mandibles. “This insect is a vessel, a spaceship. It’s going to save our butts and get us out of here. Just trust me!”
Grizz still had a skeptical look in his eye. “Poke your head out of the mouth and I might consider it.” Grizz needed to be sure he wasn’t about to be tricked into becoming food for a wasp.
While the new Zandith Crockmior hovered near the ceiling, it opened its mouth. Hanging the upper portion of my body out, I waved to Grizz. He held a thumb up at me just as the wasp slurped me back up again.
Another explosion from outside caused a portion of the ceiling to fall, crushing many bugs to the floor. Morning sunlight poured in through the cave in. Grizz backed into an empty insect chamber to protect himself from the rocks falling in from above.
More explosions rocked the mountain from aggressive military strikes. The large hole in the ceiling opened even further, filled with fire and smoke. The tall pillars crumbled to the floor. With a loud thunderous crack the mountainside disintegrated and slid away from the cave.
Sunlight illuminated the dust and replaced the light of the crystals.
Insects escaped to the surface through the large opening.
Lowering the lifeboat down over Grizz, I prepared to suck him up into its mouth. I ran into a problem when the sharp studs and blades of his cast iron armor were getting hooked on the Zandith Crockmior’s mandibles. Unable to get its mouth around Grizz the lifeboat carried him out of the cave in its long legs.
Stiffening up, Grizz held on tight for the ride.
The gaping hole in the mountain continued to bellow hot dust and Sulphur from the explosions. Escaping along with us through the sun lit opening were swarms of large honeybees and mosquitoes.
We couldn’t have asked for a better diversion.
Outside, a platoon of foot soldiers fled the area. The humans weren’t concerned about fighting the giant insects. They were in a mad rush to leave. This concerned me. Obviously they feared something much bigger than me and Grizz and it was even bigger than the throng of insects dispersing into the winds.
RAH-66 Comanche helicopters dragged ropes from their bellies to provide a last chance for the foot soldiers to grab hold and escape with them. Many soldiers were hoisted away, but not everyone made it out. Several were left behind. 
As the wings of the Zandith Crockmior buzzed with blurry movement, they also began to emit a soft blue glow.
The RAH-66 Comanche helicopters moved fast on a western heading. The soldiers who were left behind shot at the large insects. I figured the reason for their hasty retreat and lack of military professionalism was because they received an order to have the entire area evacuated for quarantine. This particular quarantine would come in the form of nuclear devastation.
In the distance, I spotted a sliver above the horizon in the east. It was a B2 Stealth Bomber and it was approaching fast. This confirmed my suspicions. Such an aircraft could carry 40,000 lbs of weapons, precision guided munitions, gravity bombs and a range of maritime weapons. B-61 and B-83 nuclear MK 84 conventional bombs and the B61-11 which was an earth penetrating nuclear bomb were the general stock. The craft had an odd shape to it like it belonged to bat-man or some alien beings.
Commanding the Zandith Crockmior to fly toward the ocean as fast as it could, we quickly caught up to the retreating Comanche helicopters.
Flying right past the helicopters, we too intended to escape the nuclear blast. The lifeboat spoke my words to Grizz. “Close your eyes, Grizz!”
Holding on as tight as he could to the legs of the giant wasp, Grizz shut his eyes tight and roared.
A silhouette of dragonfly looking helicopters along with one great wasp momentarily disappeared from sight as a distant blinding flash lit up behind us.
While blinded, I intensified our enunamic field.
When the shockwave hit us, the helicopter’s power failed and it fell out of the sky.
I told Evon to direct the lifeboat to the Knolix Island. The sertz had enough practice in the past directing my hickoop to the island from the cave to do so effortlessly.
Chapter 36

SPIRALING DOWN TO THE ISLAND, the reborn Zandith Crockmior’s glowing wings hummed a down scale melody with our decent. Below us, the island seemed peaceful. Its cone shape jutted out of the ocean like an upside down ice cream cone. The Knolix Island’s peak was open so it also resembled a sleepy volcano. This technological island was the last remaining construct of priority to be destroyed before I attempted to enter the Genation nebula and go home.
Landing the Zandith Crockmior in the open peak of the island, I carefully set Grizz on the ground from the long insect legs. When the Zandith Crockmior landed, I slid out through its mouth.
We found we stood upon a helicopter landing pad. Closed garage ports encircled the landing area. The sealed metal doors were staggered between other tall, wide doors. According to the maps I saw of the island, the wide doors contained helicopters and the tall doors contained large weapons like missile launchers with rotational cannons. All of which were designed to roll out on chain linked conveyor floors.
Walking across to a wall mounted control panel, I found a red light blinked above a flat microphone receiver. Beside the red light was a sealed panel. A device dropped down from the ceiling and scanned both Grizz and I. A heavy computerized automatic rifle was attached to the scanning device.
“Uh oh...” I heard Grizz mutter behind me.
“Don’t worry, nothing’s gonn’a happen.” I told him, but as we waited, doubt began to run a chill down my twin spines. A voice activated password was required. “Genation.” I spoke the password into the mic. The red light turned green and the sealed panel opened. Grizz and I were cleared because our IDs matched those I changed from the Zylrex computer. Again, Grizz was impressed with me though he didn’t want to show it.
Pushing the bright blue button inside the open panel initiated the mountain to close up around us. An electrical charge sounded when the chamber powered up. After a long hiss, unseen motors groaned as our floor began to descend slowly. Tall sidewalls rose up and converged above us. After the floor lowered us one level, it stopped. Vertical fluorescent lights flashed to life. At the lower level we stood amongst four elevators, north, south, east, and west.
“Which one?” Grizz wasn’t sure how we’d choose.
“It makes no difference which elevator we take. They all take us down from here.” I hit the call button and a small screen on the panel lit up, reading, “LEVEL 1-AA ACCESS REQUIRED.” Grizz and I tried all of the elevators, but only one responded. When the doors slid open, we entered leaving the Zandith Crockmior standing at the center of the landing pad as though it was a loyal pet watching us go. It even appeared to have a sad puppy dog expression.
When the elevator doors slid open, we found ourselves surrounded by humans in white lab coats. Hostile heavy armament hung from the ceiling with its targeting sights locked on the people. Two dead bodies on the floor had steam rising out from their six inch wide holes which were shot through their chests.
The sense of tension was thick as each of the five living men stood ridged with fear trembling in their eyes. Sweat dripped from their foreheads. They were too scared to breathe, much less speak a word. The eyes of the men shifted from the sensitive automated guns to us and back again. Their faces were red with stress and their tense veins throbbed along their necks and foreheads.
Leaning toward Grizz, I said. “I’m up! Stay here. I need to take care of something.”
Grizz folded his arms and watched me enter the computer facility.
Sitting on a chair in front of a computer terminal, I nudged a human away with the back of my hand. I didn’t want him within arm’s reach of my work area.
The small servo motors of a weapon whirled and spun as it altered its position to keep the human targeted.
A synthesized voice snorted a gusty growl at the man whom I nudged. “YOU ARE IN DIRECT VIOLATION OF PENALTY CODE 416! MOVE AGAIN AND YOU WILL BE DESTROYED!”
“Touchy, isn’t it?” came my snarky question, followed with a chuckle.
Apparently, my remark wasn’t humorous to the targeted human at all.
My fingers danced over the keyboard as I made certain no doors or elevators would be closed off to me. I found it odd when the computer required me to provide a higher security code clearance. My previous computer performance was more than adequate to grant me access to any of the four elevators. I suspected someone on the island was free and busy trying to deny me access to further Knolix secrets.
Grizz offered to beef up our security measures, tapping into the island’s entire intercom system he stated, “I am Grizz! I’m mostly volk now, thanks to you and I’ve returned with my brother, Eddy. You may have some misconceptions that you can keep us here but I’m telling you right now, make no mistake, this island belongs to us!”
I dropped my hands away from the keyboard a moment and looked at Grizz. He shot a glance back at me then I returned a smile of approval. Tightening his grip on the receiver, his knuckles cracked before he continued, “You’re our prisoners! I have only one rule, ‘do as we command!’ You already know the consequences…”
After switching off the intercom, I tried one last time to quickly scan through the system and find who else might be online. Almost immediately, I found someone was tampering with my previous changes. Within seconds I found someone trying to hack my code clearance, but they were using only number sequences. Knowing it would take the person forever to hack the code, I abandoned my computer terminal.
Marching side-by-side with Grizz to an elevator at the other end of the room, he paused a moment to whisper to me. “You do realize we came in through that other elevator.” He pointed behind himself with his thumb.
“I am aware of that. Thank you, Grizz.” I was courteous but firmly stern. Grizz huffed as I spoke the password into the elevator call panel. “Genation.” Once we stepped into the elevator, we turned around and faced the five humans at gunpoint. They still quivered in place. The doors slid shut. We headed deeper into the secrets of the Knolix Island.

A chill of suspense ran through me when the elevator slowed to a stop. The doors hushed open to a long empty hallway. Red rotating lights lined the corridor all the way down the ceiling. A recorded voice was set on repeat, “THIS IS A RESTRICTED AREA... THIS IS A RESTRICTED AREA…”
Making our way down the hall, Grizz pointed to the bullet holes scattered along the walls. “What happened here?” he wondered.
“If you’re wondering how I know my way around this place, it’s because I’ve been here before.”
“So have I.” Grizz muttered under his breath.
At the end of the hallway we found ourselves within a familiar lab. The research laboratory was the same white room I had driven my car through. It was a spacious, high walled warehouse with broken beakers, Bunsen burners, test tubes, computers, scanning equipment and other utilities, none of which were familiar to me. Skid marks from my tires recorded the path I took when I first plowed through the place. A few bodies lay lifelessly on the floor. They obviously tested the automated weaponry and lost. Continuing to stand in fear were Knolix agents who were still dressed in white lab coats.
I remembered the computer map and how it revealed a hidden door to the room. Searching behind computers and filing cabinets, I finally found the hidden door behind a vending machine.
I spoke the code, “Genation,” into the panel and the door opened for us. The vending machine slid to the side with the door as its purpose was to hide it.
Inside, levels of computers and state-of-the-art equipment proved we found the brain chamber of the Knolix Island. This was the equipment they used to monitor us all our lives.
The dimly lit chamber of low blue and green lights was built into a complex structure that hung from the ceiling. Those lights, cast upon the master computer system, were connected to monitors depicting images from topographical satellite perspectives. Along with the profiles of the island’s citizens were charts of my anatomy. These extensive details of my DNA highlighted comparisons in relation to that of Ornocks and humans.
The entire chamber had been evacuated. Readily available data about everyone who lived on the island was mine for the plundering.
Entering further, I found a large empty cage composed of extremely thick bars. A sign above the heavy metal door read ‘EDDY.’ This prison cell had been specifically prepared for me. Someone had my old axe hanging beside the cell door. Taking it down from the wall, I paused a second to admire it.
Glancing over to me, Grizz took an interest in my axe.
Remembering Hal, I respectfully lifted the axe to re-hang it on the wall.
A clang of metal against metal was heard from a level above us, like someone’s keys had fallen to the floor.
“What was that?” Grizz whispered lifting his head to the sound.
I changed my mind about hanging my axe back on the hooks and kept it in hand, “Let’s find out.” I said.
We headed up the metal stairs to the second level. My acute senses detected movement at a computer desk. Telepathically, I touched an intelligence. This was the mole who hacked the system. Sure enough, hiding under the desk of yet another computer terminal was a hidden young Knolix agent. Grabbing him, I lifted him up. “What’re you doing here?!” I asked, placing the blade of my axe to his throat.
“Uh, um... noth’n.” the agent quivered in fear. He thought I would kill him for sure. I moved the axe away from his throat and plopped him down into his chair.
“I don’t buy it.” announced Grizz with an eye of dangerous judgement.
“Neither do I. If you were doing nothing then why’s your computer on?” Examining the screen it was quickly confirmed this was also the human trying to break my code. “Having trouble gaining access are we?”
The agent remained silent believing anything he said would be used against him.
“Need some help? Answer me, and you would be wise not to lie...”
Still, the human refused to answer. Like the others, he was frozen with fear.
I lifted my axe over my head to chop the laptop computer in half.
The scientific computer agent thought I was about to cleave him in two. He shut his eyes tightly, but I didn’t drop my axe.
I heard something like a slight muffle of static coming from the speakers of the laptop. Lowering my axe, I turned up the volume. Punching a few keys of another computer, I found the Knolix agent had been listening in on military frequencies. ‘Clever human,’ I thought. Linking the network through the intercom, we could listen to the military report as it unfolded.
“...is recorded time of impact.” spoke an officer’s voice broken with static. “Repeat, direct hit! …factor and targeted site destroyed, situation successful and secured.”
I stooped low and put my face an inch from the agent’s mug. “I found you! That’s very unlucky for you.” I could literally hear the human’s heart pounding in his chest then I began to walk away. “Bring him with us!”
“My pleasure,” Grizz spoke as he moved in on the agent.
We put the agent into the prison cell that was designed for me. Listening to the military frequency as I paced around the room, I strategically started planning ahead.
Grizz searched a few more levels and found other hiding agents.
When I walked around the huge computer in the center of the floor, I found six chambers created to freeze people. All of the freezing chambers were open and none were functional, except for one. Wiping the frost away from the glass I looked inside and was surprised to find, frozen solid within the chamber, an Ornock. These people had an actual alien body in their possession. ‘Was it used to make comparisons between the alien and myself?’
Grizz approached me from behind and peered over my shoulder. “This place should be burned.”
“I agree.” I told him. I wanted to destroy it all right then and there. “We will burn it. I’m trying to get us to the island’s power source. We can melt this place down from the inside.” The agent in the cell shouted and pounded on the sound proof glass. Tapping a button on the door, I could speak to him through a speaker system. “What is it?” I asked knowing it was possible he had vital information for me. I didn’t expect it though.
“I couldn’t break your code.” the agent admitted.
“I know.” I answered him, but a telepathic probe suggested he was hiding something.
“I’m not a very good hacker so breaking the code was just a waste of time anyway. Instead, I accessed some secret files, security code; Dainna. Next, I brought the volk soldiers online. I suggest you let me out of here to shut them down if you hope to survive what’s coming next.” the young agent smirked like I should be worried about whatever he said he did.
“You threatening me? I don’t believe you.” I brushed him off, but knowing he was telling me the truth, I added. “You’re not making sense. I’m the only volk on this island.”
“These are clones.” he spoke with a thicker sense of attitude, like I was too stupid to figure it out. “Check if you don’t believe me. I’ve programmed their mission objectives to target both you and Domin.” not only did he challenge me, he really wanted me to call his bluff. As crazy and unbelievable as his threat sounded, I knew it was all true.
“So what?!” I told the agent confidently, “I have changed the ID and subject codes. We’re safe.”
“They weren’t changed when I accessed the Dainna files.”
Realization hit me how the Dainna files may not have been included with the files of the Knolix system. The Dainna files could’ve been an isolated system located elsewhere. I immediately tapped into the nearest computer and searched the files for Dainna.
“So what does Dainna stand for? Could it be DNA?” I wondered out loud.
“Hence, volk clones. These are the most dangerous of our military’s bad boys.” informed the bratty agent. The file was found almost instantly and a feeling of dread purged my veins. Sure enough, it wasn’t part of the Knolix files. They were independent files and as I feared not affected by my security alterations.
The cloned volk soldiers were loose within the island and hunting us. They knew our identities and were tracking us through the computer’s surveillance system. I hoped they would show up later rather than sooner. It was too late for me to change ID and subject codes again. I needed more time to undertake such an extensive job.
“We shouldn’t have come back to the Knolix Island.” Grizz told me quietly.
To keep the game interesting, I altered the computer’s tracking system. I told the computer, Grizz and I were on the west side of the island’s surface. All I had to do was wait for the clone soldiers to move out in the other direction before we continued. We had to avoid crossing paths with even one cloned volk soldier.

A scuffle of words was exchanged over the military channel which was broadcast through the intercom. “Negative, sir... Negative. We have confirmation from our Comanche helicopter battalion. Something may have survived and headed out to sea...”
“What was it, Consort One? Did they get any sort of identity?...” 
“Bogy was positively unidentified, sir... but it was spotted heading out in the direction of the Knolix project at 6:36, hours...”
“...We’ve lost contact with the island...” came a response from the speaker with a grievous sense of dread.
A loud banging was heard in the distance of the chamber, like it was coming from inside the lab. My efforts at the computer terminal were too little, too late.
“Hey, don’t leave me here!” the agent shouted. “Let me out!”
I rose from the computer with my axe. “If this data is true, you’ll be safer in there!” I hit the button preventing sound from escaping the cell. 
Charging out of the chamber to investigate the noise, we found something heavy hammering on the other side of the elevator door. It wasn’t the elevator we came from, but it was the elevator I wanted to use next.
Grizz ran out of the chamber just as the elevator door was kicked in by an eight foot tall volk. His face looked exactly like mine. Dressed in black and grey military camouflage, it had a black communication device attached to its right ear with a red glowing mechanical eye device that covered its entire right eye. In his hands, the volk cloned soldier held an enormous rifle which was designed specifically for his size and strength.
This two volk cloned agents quickly flanked us. Their powerful hands tightly held their high-tech rifles. One had a cruel eye amongst his broken features.
The other had a wide wild eye and sported a Cuban cigar that he chewed with an expression of frustration, stress and concentration.
The volk soldier immediately locked his sights on Grizz and began firing his lethal weapon. I reached out. Grabbing Grizz, I pulled him back into the chamber and out of the path of the rapid fire of missile/bullets.
Intent on heading back out to challenge the attacking clone volks, Grizz gritted his teeth and pulled out his oversized yo-yo. Preparing himself for the confrontation, he was ready to bring on the hurt and give the fight all he had.
The clone soldier accurately handled his weapon and was careful not to shoot the scientists. The pounding shots ceased suddenly. When Grizz was about to swing around the corner with his yo-yo, I stopped him, “I have a better idea. Back me up.” Quietly, I slunk to the opening of the chamber. When I saw the barrel of the clone volk’s weapons swing around the corner, I chopped it with my axe. The end of the weapon was cut and crimped closed.
The clone soldier reacted to its programming. Aiming his rifle, he pulled the trigger. The weapon exploded in the volk soldier’s hands blowing its massive arms to bits and opening its chest. His face was also peeled back in the moment of the explosion. Smoke puffed out of his mouth before he fell back and died.
This scared one of the scientists, who ducked behind a desk. The ceiling mounted automatic rifles noticed this movement and fired, shredding the desk. A pool of blood grew and leaked out from behind it.
Other scientists closed their eyes and stiffened their arms stiffly at their sides.
“It’s time I introduce myself!” Grizz came around from behind me and struck a second dazed cloned volk right between the eyes with his yo-yo. The large solid yo-yo retracted only to be sent out again by the strength of the ShadowKnight’s throw.
The blunt object struck the creature in the chest. Backing up a few steps, the mute clone was rattled. It reached up and cautiously touched the impact area of his chest.
I swung my axe at the clone, but the clone was amazingly fast. It dodged my attack with a crouching spin. The thick blade of my axe missed the clone and chopped deep into the metal wall. Wrenching my axe free, I swung again.
With a surprising level of skill, the clone volk caught the blade of my axe and tried to pry it from my grip. Lifting the axe above our heads we wrestled for it. Like stepping into a mirror I felt like I was fighting myself.
Driving my forehead into the red glowing eye piece, I shattered it.
The volk clone whaled with a deep synthesized voice, “Augh!”
I attempted a telepathic link to its mind, but it was like it didn’t have one. The cloned volk couldn’t think for itself. It needed to be controlled in order to function. With our grips locked to the axe handle, we pulled and pushed each other around, testing each other’s strength. I realized the clone had a capacity to learn when it mimicked my actions. Learning fast, it swung me into a large wall mounted computer. Sparks, electricity and little bits of machinery enabled into my back.
The cloned volk was like a thoughtless machine, but I proved to be slightly stronger.
Silently approaching the cloned volk from behind, Grizz held his gauntlet blades ready to attack.
The clone volk anticipated this move and jabbed its leg out. It caught Grizz in the stomach, kicking him backwards onto some lab equipment.
Still wrestling the clone volk for my axe, I caught a glimpse of thick electrical wires running along the wall above my head. I forced the clone to over compensate and swing the metal axe above our heads. Letting go, the cloned volk chopped the heavy steel braided cables. Thin gnarly electrical bolts reached from the damaged wires and shot through the charged metal axe. The cloned volk’s hands smoked from six hundred volts of electricity. Such a jolt made the clone lash out its legs and tighten its grip. Convulsing with relentless spasms, the clone incidentally jerked the axe free from the thick electrical cables.
All power to the lab had been cut and everything went black.
With a gaping mouth the clone looked at me. Smoke rose from its eye attachment. Its open mouth sizzled then it collapsed to the floor.
The electricity had damaged the clone volk’s head mounted computer, rendering it brain-dead. A spark flew from the device and the red light of its eye contraption went out.
Cautious of the evil clone returning to life in the darkness, I stepped over it. Soft emergency backup lights lit our level.
Pushing a lab technician out of his way, Grizz thought nothing of how the automated security system might threaten the man for moving. When the technician was off balance, he took two steps and closed his eyes tight. He expected the automated ceiling rifles to shoot him dead. Realizing the power outage had disabled the automated weapon’s function, the technician ran off.
The captured people were alerted when a voice over the island’s speakers announced, “The electrical grid is shutdown. Everyone is free, for the moment from the defense systems. You are all advised to escape.”
Other technicians throughout the island, who were brave enough to make a break for freedom, did so urgently. Many others remained still. They feared the system would come back online unexpectedly and shooting them dead.
Sure enough, the power was restored when the system timed out. the automated system reset with a new alternative power route from a reserve secondary source. The elevators came back online, as did lights and computers. The security system was re-established to its default program.
Grizz and I found ourselves targeted after the security system’s re-boot.
The dropdown ceiling rifles lifted back into their compartments except for the ones that swivelled around to target Grizz and I. “FREEZE! RELINQUISH YOUR WEAPONS. YOU HAVE TWENTY SECONDS TO OBEY.” The robotic voice of the turrets spoke mercilessly.
The agents who realized the change in the situation began to cheer.
Grizz moved fast, stretching out his arms and pushing me off my feet.
The two of us rolled into the hidden computer room. The vending machine outside blew to bits as the rifles unloaded on it. Working together, Grizz and I slid the door panel shut.
We felt safer within the computer room, until the clone’s rifle rockets began chewing through the twelve inch thick, solid steel walls. I quickly logged onto my previous security system to override the default. I couldn’t let the explosions distracted me while I reset the my specific security demands.
The cheering of the agents stopped when the weapons reacted to them with hostility again.
The clones were a problem though. Because they were volks, the system couldn’t differentiate between them and myself. None of them were targeted.
Everyone who was a human had to freeze in position once more or risk death.
Chapter 37

WE THOUGHT WE WERE SAFE to escape the computer room, until four more cloned volk soldiers charged out of the electrical elevator. Immediately they opened fire attacking us with their ear splitting, rapid fire rocket machineguns.
Tossing a smoke bomb at the feet of the cloned volks, Grizz temporarily blinded them. Fearlessly, Grizz charged out toward them. Moving swiftly to the center of the group of clones, he quickly went to work disarming them with incredible speed. They couldn’t even see Grizz coming. His foot shot out and kicked a rifle out of another clone’s grip. Through the smoke he knew where they were and clubbed each of them over their heads with the butt of their own weapons.
Racing in at the cloned volk soldiers, I fought off the other two.
From deflecting a rocket bullet with my wide axe head, the sharp edge of it was glowing red hot. I spun, slashing my axe several times, cutting open their torsos. Together, Grizz and I were able to take the four cloned volk soldiers down.
No rocket shells were fired after Grizz twisted and broke the last clone volk’s hand.
With a deep breath one of the cloned volk soldiers let out a deep, unnerving roar of synthesized vocals before it drove itself into Grizz. It tackled him, striking it in the head and stomach again and again, but the clone volk didn’t acknowledge the pain. Despite the lesions caused by Grizz’s pummeling fists, the cloned volk continued to rise returning to challenge him again. As the cloned volk drew his arm back with his hand balled into a fist, Grizz continued pounding on him. The cloned volk’s fist came whistling through the air like a missile. The full force of its pile driving arm knocked Grizz into a counter that was cluttered with glass vials and scientific equipment. 
Growling in rage and leaping off the counter, Grizz flew through the air ripping the mechanism from the side of the clone’s skull.
The clone fell to the ground like a lifeless rag doll. Below the back of Grizz’s upper armored plating, blood marked where broken glass vials protruded.
Twisting my face at the sight, Grizz asked, “What’s the matter with you?”
I signaled him to turn around and began plucking the glass out of his back. “The volks have my face... We killed them... This is wrong... Isn’t it?” I asked him, searching for a reply of some humanity. “I’m not sure of our moral choice to kill them. What if we meet more of them? We need to be sure if we can or cannot help them, to liberate them from their forced mind control.”
I slapped his shoulder so he knew I was finished fishing for glass.
Then he signaled me to turn around and he began pulling little computer bits out of my back.
“The mind control devices on their heads are doing all the thinking for them. The scientists created these braindead volks for only one purpose; to kill. We’re in a situation here; ‘kill or be killed.’ If you know how to help them then we will. Do you know how?” Grizz asked.
Attempting to link my mind to one of the cloned volk soldiers, I found Grizz was absolutely correct about them. They were all thoughtless volk bodies. “You’re right, Grizz. There’s no saving them.” I observed in a breath realizing this was how they’d gone undetected from my telepathy all this time. “How’d you know?”
“If we get out of this, I’ll tell you.” Walking to the open elevator, we stepped over the fallen elevator doors. Using the password, “Genation,” the elevator took us to the next lower level. The next level we headed to was supposed to be the highest level of security. If there were more secrets to the island, Grizz and I were about to find them.
The elevator stopped and a hiss sounded. Looking out at the unoccupied garage port, I felt a sense of relief. Somewhere in the dark places of my mind where I keep my nightmares, I expected the level to be swarming with husky cloned volk soldiers who craved our immediate demise.
The garage port was like a parkade with multiple small vehicles aligned in rows. Each vehicle was parked in its own stall and plugged into a wall mounted electrical charger. The tiny cars were variations in style but all resembled compact smart cars. A couple small electrical street bikes were parked near a miniature bus tram of three connected sections.
“What are these?” Grizz turned away slightly as though the sight of the smart cars repulsed him.
“They’re vehicles to get around the vast network within this island. According to the maps, the lower levels are the most complex of the tunnel systems. You didn’t expect the humans to walk, did you?”
“I’m too big for this little car. My head will never fit!” Grizz said as he tore the roof off a smart car and jumped in. With the press of a start button and the spoken password of “Genation,” Grizz’s car’s electrical engine purred and drove off.
As I started the street bike, I answered, “You look like a stupid Grizz bobble-head toy.” The motorbike was not easy for me to navigate. It was tiny compared to my size. I maxed out its shock absorbers right away.
((-Ding!-)) The elevator chimed confirming my worst nightmares. When the doors opened, the elevator was stuffed with cloned volk soldiers. They quickly filtered out blasting their rocket rifles. Next to the open elevator, the door to the stairwell swung open and countless more cloned volks charged toward us.
Our wheels squealed as we peeled out leaving a cloud of burned rubber in our wake. I noticed, not only did the cloned volk soldiers look like me they were all younger versions of me too.
Rapid-fire rocket bullets exploded behind us as the cloned volks pursued. If they weren’t driving after us on the smart cars or street bikes, they were huddled within the bus tram or chasing after us keeping pace on foot.
Voices crackled through the two-way radio of Grizz’s smart car and through my helmet fitted microphone.
“... Having trouble establishing contact, sir...”
“Could the unidentified flying object have been a missile?...”
“We cannot be sure, sir... According to its rate of speed, it must have reached the Knolix Island by now... Are you experiencing anything out of the ordinary?”
Throughout the tunnel roads, more automatic security rifles extended from the ceilings. All vehicles were shut down and the living drivers sat patiently and dazed. A few bullet riddled cars lay in ruin as an example to the others of the importance to remain still. The roads were gridlocked with motionless traffic.
The uni-mind behind the cloned volk’s thoughts had also enabled the clones to start any vehicle they wanted with pre-authorization. Before long we were engaged in a high-speed car chase through the labyrinth of tunnel roads.
When we came to a mass of traffic that had come to a complete stop, Grizz locked up his breaks and slid right into an agent’s smart car. When the agent’s car was jostled, the security system interpreted the action as a hostile act and opened fire. The small engine hood was shredded with smoking decimation.
Grizz, however, was scanned but not targeted. Moving on ahead of Grizz, my bike and I were narrow enough to take to the shoulder of the tunnel, but I didn’t get far. One of the humans stuck in traffic opened his passenger door. This smart car was a stretched limousine, which kind’a just made it look like a normal size car. When I struck the vehicle door, I was thrown, tumbling down the tunnel a short distance. 
Running behind me on the shoulder of the tunnel highway, Grizz shuffled past the stopped vehicles. Wrenching open the driver’s door, he accidentally tore it right off the limousine and Frisbee chucked it at the oncoming clone volks.
Like charging oversized football players hunting us down, the clone volk soldiers fired their rocket bullets blowing up vehicles in a relentless barrage of blazing fire and twisted metal.
Grizz and I could do little more than duck to protect ourselves from the strafing fallout of fiery debris. Such a pounding of ammunition seemed unescapable. Between us and the clone volks were the vehicles. Countless humans fled from their rides and ran for their lives. Some people were even on fire. Then the ceiling weapons began to fire on them.
The clone volks began to advance amongst the burning vehicles. One rocket bullet darted through the explosion and just missed my head. The heat of it stung my face as it went by. It blew a hole in the tunnel wall ahead of me.
Before the smoke cleared enough to see, the cloned soldiers detected us.
Grizz and I broke into a red emergency door that was beside us. Securing the door shut behind, we glanced around at our new surroundings. We could see we were in one of the island’s electrician’s shops. Outside, the footsteps trampled past and moved on down the tunnel.
Barricading the door, Grizz and I cautiously made our way further into the shop. With a start, Grizz and I responded alertly to the sound of a clunk followed by a sizzling sound. Quietly, bending low, we continued forward. Around us were bins of microchips, fuses, wire spools and tool boxes. Looking at some of the incomplete electrical projects on the work tables, we began to search for anything that could be used as a weapon. We were amazed by the size of some of the tools. Lifting some of the instruments we realized they weren’t created for human use; they were just too big.
Outside the shop were large stationed fuel tanks of gas and diesel. Oxygen, acetylene and propane were unsafely stored, but chained to the walls. Various torches and arc welders were not far from a large heavy duty mechanics shop.
Again, the nerve rattling sound of tool handling was heard, followed by a suspicious silence.
As we passed by above ground fresh water tanks and Janitorial supplies, like various soaps and detergents, Grizz and I agreed to inconspicuously clean ourselves up. We were in the laundry wing where lab coats and cover-alls were washed in great number with large machines. Touching the clean clothes hanging on a long running hanger system, we chose a couple volk sizes.
We stunk so bad from hiding in the garbage dumpster it just seemed appropriate to clean ourselves up. The time was as good as any, we decided, since the entire island was in security lockdown. We hastily wiped ourselves down with water and soap. Then we towelled off and slipped into the clean cover-alls.
Grizz had removed his armor and cleaned it up. After he was dressed in his clean coveralls, he recladded himself in his warrior attire.
A hissing sound almost made Grizz and I jump right out of our skins. Turning around, we found it was only the sound of a bleeder valve from over pressurized gas.
Further sounds of movement led Grizz and I to peek around a corner. There, we were mesmerized to discover two filthy clone volk mechanics tinkering with machinery.
Again, their faces were identical to mine. These cloned volks weren’t warriors at all though. They were mechanics, better suited for heavy lifting jobs and monkey wrenching. According to the name tags of their dirty cover-alls their names were Andy and Wally. Neither of the two mechanic volks acknowledged our presence.
Andy wore a dark welder mask as he was fusing large metal parts together.
Wally was bent down under a large loader working a monstrous socket wrench. He was tightening up some equally over-sized bolts. Beside Wally, on the floor, was an open metal lunchbox. His fork was sticking out of some half eaten clone volk food stuff which looked like grey cake.
Behind the busy mechanics, suspended from a forty foot high overhead crane was a monumental motor. Held by thick chains, like ocean freighter anchor chains, the massive motor appeared to float over the center of their work area.
The welding abruptly stopped along with the wrenching. Andy lifted his welding mask and turned around to look at us, as did Wally after climbing out from under the loader. Each of the volk mechanics had one blue glowing mechanical eye attached to mind control devices at the side of their heads. They sneered at us and the blue light of each mechanic’s eye instantly turned red.
When they ran at us they covered the distance of the shop in two bounds. Andy lit up his welder in Grizz’s face aggressively and Wally struck me across the chin with his wrench.
Grizz kicked Andy away which backed the large volk into an unorganized tool bench. Reaching back for something, Andy came lunging forward holding a gas powered circular angle grinder.
Unsheathing his samurai swords, Grizz began slashing. 

Staggering back; my head was jarred when struck from behind by a wrench. Instinctively, I lifted my axe. Wally held up his extra-large sledge hammer as though to show me we were evenly matched. 
Swinging his heavy hammer out to crush my crown, I spun out behind him gaining momentum. I tried to chop his head off, but he backed up a step. I was content with chopping the handle of his sledge hammer in half.
Following through after this, I didn’t expect him to lift his sledge hammer high over his head. Using all of his strength, Wally drove the heavy hammer head down to destroy me.
Swooping the wide blade of my axe upward, I defensively braced it to protect myself.
Wally’s huge sledge hammer struck the solid metal handle of my axe.
This knocked me down.
When he swung his sledge hammer over his head again, I launched out my leg, kicking him hard in his crotch and knocking him down.
We got up at the same time, clashing axe to sledge hammer with a spit of sparks.
Implementing a quick maneuver, Wally hooked the inner blade of my axe with the handle of his hammer.
I tugged. ‘My clone was strong, but stronger than me? The original? No way!’ With one hand, I grabbed the handle of Wally’s sledge hammer and spun around.
It slipped from his grip.
When I faced him again, I was holding both axe and hammer. When Wally reached for them, I took a step back keeping them just out of his reach. Then I tossed the weapons behind me and lifted my fists. I challenged the computer minded clone to a new game. I knew, by the way it handled its sledge hammer, it would mimic me.
When he lifted his fists also, I felt like I was looking at myself in a mirror.
Our fists collided.

Swinging his swords around, Grizz’s razor sharp edges shimmered in a lightning quick dance of dangerous skill.
Andy wasn’t intimidated by the confusing flashes of Grizz’s blades. With his loud gas powered angle grinder howling and buzzing, Andy tried to cut at Grizz’s swords. Whenever the blade of the swords met the diamond cutting edge of the heavy duty power-grinder, the blades kicked back in a shower of sparks.
Each time this happened it made Grizz angrier, but Andy just kept coming. With two big swings of his angle grinder, he managed to knock the swords out of Grizz’s grip one after the other.
Glancing down at the weapons he wore on his belt, Grizz determined he didn’t have what it took to defeat the huge angle grinder.
Lunging at Grizz, Andy never expected to huge physic of Grizz to climb up the front of him and conducted a perfect back flip landing on his feet.
Amongst the hanging laundry, Grizz took a pair of mechanics coveralls from the rack and tossed them out at the angle grinder. Instantly, the high powered grinder grabbed hold of the clothing and wound it up instantly around the circular grinding disk. When the grinder seized up, Grizz was on top of Andy dropping his heavy volk fists of fury.

Turning his head to frown at me, Wally reached into his open lunchbox and pulled out a silver fork. Throwing the fork at me so fast, it twirled until the four prongs stabbed into my cheekbone, narrowly missing my eye.
Reaching up, I quickly pried the fork out of my face and threw it back at Wally. This distracted him enough that he didn’t notice Grizz making his way around behind him so he could get the jump on him. With a quick motion, Grizz tore the mind control device from Wally’s head. Two long black cords came out of a hole in the cloned volk’s skull until they came to the end of their length and stopped. Giving it all an extra tug, the cords tore out of the head with a terrible meat sucking sound.
Without the mind control device, Wally was like a dead person.

Rocket bullets lit the grim place up, showering all around us and shredding everything with fire that was hit.
Grizz and I ducked for cover behind a huge drier unit. We had to avoid being hit by even one of the blazing rocket bullets. Canisters of various compressed gasses exploded in the crossfire like bombs. The explosions and rifle rockets shook the entire Knolix Island from the inside out like a volcano preparing to explode.
Retrieving his samurai swords from off the floor, Grizz picked them up and slid them back into the sheaves on his back.
“What’s the plan, Grizz?” Through the chaos and noise, I didn’t expect Grizz to have a plan.
“If I’m going to go out in a blaze of fire, then I’m taking these zombie volks with me!” Grizz responded.
‘It sounded like as good a plan as any to me.’ “Oh no.” I whispered. “Here they come.” Signalling Grizz’s attention to the huge dryer unit, we instantly ditched our plan and climbed into it.
“Who?” Grizz also whispered. Our whispering seemed louder in the echo of the laundry chamber.
“The cloned volk soldiers!” I told him impatiently.
Grizz took a peek, “So? I only count six of them.”
I rolled my eyes and peered through the half fogged oval door window of the unit again. There was no way to determine just how many of them there was. They were cautiously entering the maintenance chamber. Grizz turned out to be correct. So far there were only six clones a few meters from us.
The anticipation of hiding was playing havoc with my nerves. I risked another glance. The six clones became sixteen. A blink of an eye later, the smoke was lifting and the sixteen became thirty.
“Evon!” I called.
“Yes Lord?” My little sertz answered from within my ear.
“Attach to my lintin and carry out my instructions.”
“OF COURSE, MY LORD.” It said obediently as it magnetically adhered to the plate of my lintin wrist band.
“Disable the rifles of the enemy!” Though the rocket bullets continued to come shooting past, I held my fist out at the side of the drier unit.
The eyes of Evon began to glow brightly and shoot out tiny bursts of light. Each of its shots hit a cloned soldier’s rifle through the thick smoke.
The thunderous gunshots quickly ceased.
I snapped my fist in close to my chest then said, “Melt a link of the chain that holds that giant motor from the crane.”
Without question, Evon’s beam shot from my fist and hit the chain high above. One of the chain’s links began to glow. Breaking free from the chain, the massive engine dropped to the floor crushing clear down into the concrete floor creating a thunderous shockwave with the yawn of twisting metal. The engine’s weight shifted and started to roll toward the oncoming army of cloned volk soldiers.
All of the shooting from the loud rifles ceased instantly.
Beyond the crowd of blank faced clone volks, the heavy rolling motor came sauntering by and squashed a trail through the gathering cloned volk soldiers.
The heavy duty engineer mechanic volk, Andy, came bounding toward Grizz.
Grizz deflected another tool that Andy threw at him.
Leaping forward, I chopped my axe down and cut Andy’s hand off that held a pipe wrench. Both hand and pipe dropped to the floor.
With a spin, Grizz kicked Andy square in the nose. He was knocked down a flight of stairs into a maintenance pit.
His head bounced as it struck each step on his way down.
It appeared all of the soldiers were down. Grizz pointed to the way the soldiers were entering. “It’s that way! Follow me!” he led me down a stairwell.
So far, the floor plan I memorized from the computer map was quite accurate.
Rounding a corner, Grizz and I ran right into a quartet of human soldiers. The men went sprawling every which way to take cover at the sight of us. Suddenly, everyone with a gun began shooting.

Chapter 38

GRIZZ HAD HIS SWORDS put away so he could defend himself and fight with an eight foot pole.
The numbers of the attacking clone volk soldiers began to thin with the casualties decorating much of the mechanic’s shop.
One defect in the use of the rocket bullet that the cloned volks used on us, such ammunition didn’t last long. After a few rounds of firing, the cartridges of the deadly projectiles were used up, so they were constantly reloading. When the cloned volks found their arsenal inventory was depleted, they dropped their rifles and relied on other means of weaponry.
When Grizz realized this, he charged the line of cloned volk soldiers.
Answering this challenge, most of the cloned volk soldiers threw down their rifles and ran to meet Grizz head on.
With a hideous laugh, Grizz pummelled his challengers with his pole. Groups of cloned volk soldiers were thrown as they were pole-vaulted away.
I joined the brawl next to my Brother sending beleaguered clones bounding through the air also.
Fresh soldiers eagerly lunged forward from no apparent short supply.
With his teeth gritted in protest to his pain, Grizz ducked and weaved to avoid getting hit while landing each strike. He caved a lot of faces in… faces that looked like mine… I wondered how much satisfaction this gave him.
The later clones of myself who began showing up were even younger versions of me and far less skilled. They came to replace the dead.
Along with the younger clones were three young volk girls who surprisingly showed up. Neither Grizz nor myself could recognize them at first glance. They too had mind control devices on their heads in place of one eye. These volk girls ranged in ages of ten, twelve and fourteen. The little volk women proved to be dangerously trained, limber assassins. At first I figured these were simply female cloned versions of me, but it was soon obvious that they were cloned from my mother.
I was never aware of my mother to possess such masterful skill. These three cloned volk girls worked together like they shared one single mind. They spun from one another like gymnasts as they executed their attacks like birds.
Grizz took one look at the three little cloned volk girls and went pale, “Don’t go near them, Ed-man. I don’t like the look of these girls.”
At first I thought Grizz may have met the volk girls somewhere in his past, but I later realized that little girls made him feel very uncomfortable. For whatever reason, he feared them.
Grizz and I were exhausted, but the three little volk sisters couldn’t wait to start fighting. The little women wanted to put their training to use and prove their worth, but Grizz and I couldn’t be bothered to waste any more time.
One of the girls went after Grizz and another went after me, but the third fought between us to aid her sisters. They were small volk girls but when they delivered a punch or a kick it was packed with a surplus of raw power.
I took an upper cut to my chin. It was impressive enough to sever the head of a human. Next she delivered a series of punches to my abdomen.
Another girl tripped me off my feet.
Receiving a volley of kicks, Grizz was so disoriented he couldn’t defend the chop he took to his neck. Stumbling, he bent down to one knee. Having trouble breathing, it wasn’t long before Grizz and I arose to fight back.
We no longer cared that they were young girls. They were far too dangerous and if we didn’t do something soon, they’d assassinate us.
Taking hold of his yo-yo, Grizz caught the girl’s attention with a few simple tricks, but before they knew it, he was clobbering them over their heads one by one.
As he knocked them out, I grabbed their grey sinewy bodies and tossed them into a huge clothing drier unit. Once all three girls were inside, they began to wake up.
Grizz slammed the door and clasped the locking mechanism.
I twisted the timer and hit the activation button. The machine revved up and the girls were seen through the door window as the inner drum spun them around and around.
After I retrieved my axe, Grizz set off another one of his smoke bombs. We both disappeared from that hellish mechanic’s shop with no intensions of ever returning again.

Passing through one security door after another, we ventured deeper into the island’s levels.
The door leading to the large core circular loading dock was locked. What secured the massive door was a number key pad. Trying the same code I used to gain access to the computer’s Knolix system; 8462-TS, I was surprised to see the code accepted. The ‘TS’ of the code stood for Top Secret.
Inside, the circular floor lowered us. I was as curious as Grizz to learn every last confidential restricted mystery of the Knolix Island.
Near the bottom was where alien artifacts were stored within a huge secured vault. Though I had no way to open this one, my sertz was capable of cutting through the six feet of hardened dura-steel. Inside, frozen Ornocks were preserved in pods and a giant dead vorogon was also held there.
Stepping back out onto the descending floor, we waited patiently, listening to the sounds of the powerful unseen gears moaning and squeaking as we descended to the final level. It felt like the island was swallowing us up further into its foreboding depths. The floor stopped with a defined clunk when we hit bottom.
Before us was a single gigantic door. The panel beside it seemed more complicated than the others and it required a security card. Approaching it, I knew I probably wouldn’t be able to open it. Every step I took echoed throughout the deep emptiness above us. Looking up at the empty distance, I could barely see all the way to the top.
Before I reached the panel, a loud bang of heavy metal startled us. The reverberating sound echoing off the walls like it did within my chest. When we realized it was the massive dead bolts of the door releasing, we tensed up preparing to fight whatever horrors might be waiting for us on the other side. A motor began to wine as the door started to lift.
I shot a glance at Grizz. “The door is opening from the other side.” I explained to him.
“It’s those blasted cyborg volks!” Grizz hesitated. Then he readied himself holding his samurai swords.
Hastily, I tied one of the clone’s mind control devices to the side of my head. Evon cut a hole in it and entered the device. Evon’s red eyes made the red light of the device’s eye glow. The inactive thing appeared to be functional. “Quick, Grizz!” I urged him. “Put your hands on your head!” A fresh squad of six cloned volk soldiers stood ready for battle. These were cloned volk soldiers who were the youngest yet. The short cloned volks drew near to the lift. The soles of their boots were heard striking the floor in unison as though they were made of heavy paladin metal. Their ominous marching approached with perfect uniformity like the steam engine of a locomotive. Stepping onto the lift, a few of the young volk soldiers stood dangerously close to Grizz. They pointed the barrels of their huge rifles at his face.
The entire squad of six packed themselves onto the lift platform. The head of my axe dangled down by my ankles. I lifted it and held it in front of my chest.
Like looking into a mirrored image of my younger self, the suspicious cloned soldier finally turned away no longer curious about me. The massive door buzzed before powerful motors began descending it.
A red light began to flash on the cloned soldier’s mechanical head attachment. It was as though he was receiving instructions. ‘Were they communicating with their squad leader or central computer mainframe?’ Next, I heard them flip a switch on their weapons initiating a tone. They were powering up for a fight.
Slapping the volk soldier’s head between my hands, I damaged its mind control device.
Grizz lifted its rifle off the floor and cocked it. Blasting the other four volks, they each blew up.
I grabbed my axe and headed into the open door and down the hall to a glassed in terrace overlooking a huge warehouse-like area. Grizz and I crept low to the edge of the terrace. Hiding behind some large blue barrels, we inconspicuously spied on the practice below. There, the walls were aligned in ten levels, one above the other. Each level was sectioned with rows of egg shaped pods made of emerald titanium glass. The vast underground complex was filled with countless isles of these pods. Each grouping of the pods within the levels were at different stages of development. Their purpose was to incubate clones of myself for military strength. The pods, connected with tubes to cycle fluids, reminded me of giant insect eggs. Thousands upon thousands of pods filled the vast underground, but only half of them contained clones. The other pods had been opened and emptied. A computer tracked how many clones were hunting us.
Throughout the center of the floor was a maze of rooms and facilities. Their purpose was to cultivate and nurture the clones. I saw so many volk clones in the area. I felt a connection to them because they shared a likeness of myself at different ages of my life. Living together they were kept fed and cleaned through the computer’s control of their minds. The humans had a surgical area where they studied and tested treatments for human illnesses and injuries but mainly it was the area where they surgically attached the mind controlling devices. This act started at very young ages. Looking at them was like looking at my childhood, but it was a very sad version that I was spared.
That was when I realized the extent to which Dr. Vonn protected my mother and I.
One room contained large blue drums of synthetic amniotic based fluids that were pumped through the pods. I noticed an area dedicated to creating female cloned volks and there were other experiments too. Somehow they thought they could use human females to create female volks, but they were hideously deformed and barely living. This only confirmed what I had said from the beginning; ‘humans are not compatible with volks.’
Even at our depth, the military voices still barked over the intercoms. “...Sir, the Eddy factor lives and has taken control of the island. Our agents and military personnel have been drastically cut down to fewer numbers. Clones down to level five have been deployed... The Knolix project is situation critical... We require assistance!...”
“Please stand by for orders...” The message broke off to static. We were not the only ones to hear the intercom. Below us, we watched as agents shuffled about in a panic to keep the vault under control. Young soldier clones were also active and busy below.
Grizz and I understood the dangers of being discovered. I knew how snappy and dangerous a small volk boy could be.
To our left, at the end of the metal terrace, was a lit unoccupied room. The door had been left open. Silently, Grizz and I crawled along the terrace to the empty room. Blue-prints and charts covered the walls except for the desktop photo under glass. These desktop images overlooked the top secret cloning facility and its ghostly levels below. Moving into the room between the desks, we kept low, silent and hidden.
The desks, countertops and shelves were cluttered with half assembled miniature motors, along with tools and compact micro-chip circuit boards. The untidy room consisted of only two computers. These two computers were the super computer brain behind the actions of the countless clone volk soldiers.
This was where they either assembled or repaired the clone’s head mounted, mind manipulating devices. A quick study of the charts basically explained how the mind control devices worked. They used two different types of ultrasound frequencies to both relax the cerebellum and put it into a sort of dream-state. The devices plugged into the right temple and also the base of the clone’s skull. After drilling the skulls and inserting the device, they were quickly activated. Making connections to the brain, the device had to be anchored to the bone with four titanium screws. The minds were controlled in conjunction with a nero-drug stimuli. This stimuli was painlessly introduced to the brain with controlled dosages from the mind control device.
Keeping low, I moved to the computer and quietly booted it up.
Hearing the approach of footsteps, I grabbed my axe. “Quick, Hide! Hide!” I whispered urgently. We backed up and stood at either sides of the doorway.
The clone scout couldn’t have been more than thirteen years old as he popped his head into the room. Surprising the young clone, I swung my axe at him.
He ducked back out of the door avoiding my blade.
Lifting my axe again, the clone leaped back into the room fearlessly. He readied himself, aiming his powerful rifle at me.
Grizz grabbed the clone from behind, but it was too late.
He took the shot.
I felt the impact of the rocket bullet explode across my chest. I was thrown backwards against the wall.
Grizz took hold of the clone’s mind control device and tore it from its skull. Dark blood splattered the wall. The clone fell to the ground lifelessly. Thick dark red blood oozed from the wound of its head.

Opening my eyes to find Grizz shaking me was disturbing. I hastily stood up. “I’ve been shot!” I pictured the damage caused from the clone’s rifle and how the rocket bullet must have blown me apart.
“He must’ve missed. Now let’s go!” Grizz reported.
‘What did he say? How could I not have been shot? The rifle was pointing directly at me when it fired.’ I looked down at myself and to my surprise, I was not injured. Bending my body forward, I pushed away from the floor with my elbows. My axe was on the floor beside me. It had a huge star of burnt black ammunition residue gouged into the side of the blade.
‘My axe blade must have protected me!’
Grizz helped me up.
We were about to prepare ourselves for the battle of our lives when an opportunity occurred to me. “Grizz, help me get this clone out of his uniform.” As we undressed the clone, I found its head was turned too far to one side.
Grizz broke its neck. He wanted to be certain the clone wouldn’t get up. Examining the mind control device, turning it over and over in my hands, I was satisfied it would do the trick.
Taking off the sweat soaked cover alls that I had been wearing since the mechanic’s shop, I fully dressed into the clone soldier’s uniform. It was a very tight fit. Likewise, we dressed the dead clone in my old attire.
When I removed the top of the clone’s uniform, I noticed it also had a tattoo on the bicep of its right arm. It was identical to the planet and eagle of my tattoo with the same words “Property of the U.S.A.”
Strapping one of the mind control devices to my head again, it frustrated me that it didn’t attach properly. It wobbled as it hung loosely, but I didn’t care. I slapped some of the clone’s blood on the side of my head to impersonate the dead clone and its wound.
“Where’s my costume?” Grizz figured he should have some new duds as well.
“You’re my prisoner. You are in costume.” I held the handle of my axe over my shoulder and pointed the massive rifle at Grizz. “Now get going.” I commanded him with a stern single eye in conjunction with my sly smile.
Pointing at me, he warned me. “If I didn’t know you were joking, I’d suspect this was a trap.” Grizz tried to determine if I was enjoying the part or covering for some sort of deceit. “This better be an act.” Grizz added as he submissively lifted his hands to the back of his head.
We walked out to the inner door of the vault. It buzzed and began to open. Taking a position beside Grizz I pointed the rifle at his head. The door lifted and ten new clone volk soldiers stood in wait on the other side. They were squatting in crouched positions with their rifles trained on Grizz and I. Large bullet holes from the previous scrimmage riddled the walls.
“Don’t fire!” I shouted, “I have the enemy in custody!”
None of them were buying it this time. “You are not part of the cooperative.” spoke the clones in unison. Their voices were echoes that mimicked my own, precisely. We were all identical to one another and it made me feel like we were in a funhouse of mirrors.
Turning my head, I pointed at my damaged mind control device. They could see the blood.
‘Were they beginning to believe me?’
Without lowering their weapons a new voice crackled over the intercom. It was a single human voice, and asked, “Where is the other criminal?”
“I killed him.” I answered, robotically. “He lays dead within the door to the room at the lift.”
The clone volks remained with their sights set on us.
Then a single human soldier stepped out from behind the group of clone volks. It was Commander Bruno T. Hinton. “The volk soldiers don’t speak like that.” he had us. We were so dead.
Over the military intercom, the radio dialogue continued, “We are initiating operation, ‘Clean Slate...’ Unfortunate… the people of the island… perish... Nuke’em... Set time to impact... T-minus ten minutes... From this time, the B2 Stealth Bomber will begin its run to deploy the B61-11 bomb... The bomb will make contact with the island in T-minus ten minutes...”
I saw Commander Bruno lick his lips nervously as his eyes swept upward. He was searching for the light at the end of the tunnel of our situation.
‘Another nuclear bomb?’ I didn’t need to melt down the island’s generator anymore. All I needed to do was get off the island as soon as possible and the commander had the same thought in mind.
“I can see you want to survive this, Commander. Neither one of us has to die.” I told the Commander, “Come with us! We can escape the blast!”
The young commanding officer appeared nervous, sweating and uncertain of what to do.
“We must take the criminal into the custody of the commune. Release him to us.” spoke the clone next to the military leader.
The Commander hesitated a moment, “Arrest them!” he ordered. “Death comes with the job. I knew that the day I enlisted.”
The volk guards performed a slow and methodical check before relinquishing me of my weapon, then they bound our hands behind our backs.
Grizz swore at the sound of the cuffs clicking and locking together.
Stepping out onto the circular lift, Commander Bruno still trained his automatic rifle on me and sneered. “Let’s get into the vault. Perhaps its walls are thick enough...” He trailed off having second thoughts. Obviously he felt the vault couldn’t withstand a direct hit from a nuclear blast.
‘Great, a bomb is headed our way. A perfect solution to wiping out all evidence of my existence in this world, only it was never my plan to wipe-out myself with it.’ “We gott’a get to the surface!” I told him.
“Just shut-up! I need to think.” Commander Bruno spoke into a radio head set. “Dispatch, this is Commander Bruno T. Hinton, relay all instructions of evac operations.”
A crackly static filled voice replied, “Such instructions are not available, sir.”
The Commander approached us. By the desperate look in his eyes I was certain he was going to ask us to help him survive the blast, but he said, “You don’t have a plan to get off this island, do you? You want me to let you go then you’ll kill us whether you have a way out of here or not.”
The way he looked at me was pure hatred and disgust.
Like a man pleading for his life, Commander Bruno T. Hinton shouted into his intercom, “Abort the bomb strike! Abort the bomb strike! The Eddy subject has been confirmed deceased! Come back!”
Grizz figured we were done for. “So this is how it ends for us Ed-man. Incinerated in the bowels of this accursed island…”
My eyes closed, “Only my sertz can save us now.” I told him.
As Grizz looked at me like I wasn’t making sense, I telepathically told my sertz to sever the mind control devices at the base of the clone trooper’s skulls.
None of the clones noticed Evon as it swiftly flew by each of them and shot at the cords that connected their minds to their devices.
When they fell, I broke my bonds with ease and said, “They need help!”
The commander was slow to realize my true intension was to bend down and take hold of one of the clone’s rifles. I blasted the commander, blowing his body into countless chunks of meat.
While Grizz realized how much death suddenly surrounded us, I telepathically told Evon to send the Zandith Crockmior down to us.
Metal scrap fell down the deep shaft and nearly hit us. Pushing him aside, a second huge piece of metal crashed down. Then the Zandith Crockmior landed over us.
“Evon, get us into the air and get us out of here as fast as possible!” I hollard.
My sertz popped out of my ear. “RIGHT AWAY, MY LORD.” It flew up into the lifeboat’s mouth. My eyes quickly scanned over the lifeboat. That’s when I found a puddle of white fluid with a slow drip. ‘Was that blood?’ I questioned to myself. At any rate, I had to check into it further once we were in orbit.
The intercom continued to report, “Unable to abort deployment, control... Bomb is beyond disarming range... T-minus thirty seconds to impact...”
After giving my axe to Grizz, the lifeboat lurched forward and slurped me up into its mouth. I told the insectular unit to grab Grizz and take us up. The lifeboat did as I commanded, taking Grizz into its long insect legs. Its wings buzzed as it lifted us straight up the island’s core shaft. The wings lit up as they hummed and worked to take us higher. As we flew, the buzzing wings sounded more like a muffled high-pitched scream. I imagined we were going to meet a bright light of nuclear intensity before we could get to the peak of the island.
When we actually did breaking free from the peak of the Knolix Island, the Zandith Crockmior launched us straight up into the sky. An invisible enunamic energy field encased the lifeboat and we soon began to travel at an impossible speed.
Grizz braced himself behind the long insect legs of the lifeboat. He held up my axe in hopes it would somehow shield his eyes from the nuclear blast. Turning away, he ground his teeth awaiting his fate to consume him.
It was a strain to beat the clock and survive. Within a fraction of a second, the massive nuclear missile passed us by. The turbulence of the black missile monstrosity shook the body of the Zandith Crockmior.
Beyond our view was the dark solid wing of the B2 Stealth Bomber. It too was speeding from the blast of the massive nuclear Bomb.
The bomb’s designated target was the peak of the Knolix Island. The open top of the island swallowed the bomb like it was a big black pill.
Below us, a second later, the burning flash of the explosion erupted into a great blinding mushroom of radioactive energy. The initial blast went off deep underwater, at the base of the Knolix Island. The immense detonation continued to blossom as it shrunk away behind us.
After the initial flash died down, Grizz turned to face the residual flare-up where upon he opened his eyes. Feeling the heat of the blast penetrate and warm his flesh, he closed his eyes to surrender his life to an eventual nuclear death.
The Zandith Crockmior used the power of its invisible enunamic field to multiply its incredible speed and disappear into the cosmos above.
Beyond the moon, I slowed the Zandith Crockmior and ran a diagnostic. The report revealed and confirmed the lifeboat had been wounded. It had been shot and wouldn’t last much longer. It was bleeding out. A bullet had punctured a major blood vessel of its abdomen causing internal bleeding. The bullet size was small, but lethal enough for me to realize a simple patch job wouldn’t help us complete the journey to the Genation nebula before it bled out. Even without any supplies to mend the wound, I still had to climb out and check it. Sliding out through the mouth, the first thing I noticed was Grizz unconscious in the arms of the Zandith Crockmior.
Waking up and looking around, Grizz quickly realized we had cleared earth’s atmosphere. We were further away than earth’s satellites. ‘What’s happening?’ Grizz wondered, starring at the surface of the earth. From our distance, the blast site of the Knolix Island could be seen but it was very small. ‘How can this be? Am I dead?’ Finding he was being held to the body of the Zandith Crockmior by its insect legs, he wondered. ‘Is this some kind of twisted volk joke?’ He couldn’t conceive how he was alive in space or how he even ended up where he was. ‘I survived two nuclear attacks. Now I’m breathing in outer space? I must be invincible.’
“Grizz, it’s me!” I called, “Are you all right?”
Grizz looked up at me. He was puzzled.
I stood upon the abdomen of the Zandith Crockmior and studied him for a second. When I was satisfied he wasn’t injured, I said, “You have to remove your armor and join me in the cockpit.” I made the two front legs gesture a grab at him. “Hand your armor to the two free legs and the Zandith Crockmior will hold it for the rest of the trip.”
“Wha? Why should I take my armour off?” he questioned.
“If you come into the cockpit in that get-up, you’ll cut the place up. The cockpit is sensitive that way.”
Grizz looked at the gnarly thin front legs before he brought his gaze back to me. He continued to scan over the under belly of the wasp-like hull. He finally panned his head down to stare out into space. “I’m not suffocating in space, why not?” He pondered, unable to make sense of it. “I mean, me and you are talking? We can breathe out here?”
“This wasp is a vehicle of my world,” I began to explain. “Our world… It has created an enunamic field of its own reality. Here, we’re as safe within the vessel as we are outside of it. It’s also the center of gravity so you don’t have to worry about falling off. Now, remove your armor. Pass it to the wasp’s fore-claws and join me here in the cockpit and we can get out of here.”
Grizz placed my axe against the thorax of the Zandith Crockmior and removed his helmet before he passed it to the wasp. The wasp hooked its claw into it and pulled it away. Removing the rest of his armor, the wasp conveniently carried it all. Making his way along the legs and under-belly, Grizz crawled to the head.
Stopping for a moment, he examined a thick white fluid leaking from a puncture wound on the side of the lifeboat. With his fingers, Grizz wiped some of the fluid off on his pants.
The gravity kept Grizz against the insectular body even though he felt like he could fall off at any moment. Placing his hands on either side of the Zandith Crockmior’s head, he examined its huge eyes. Unable to see through the insect’s eye like a typical windshield, Grizz closed his eyes and turned his head away. He was disgusted by it as he struggled to process it all.
The mandibles and maxillae opened wide to receive Grizz. Slouching forward, he reluctantly, but bravely stepped his legs into the mouth. He shut his eyes tight and held his breath when the Zandith Crockmior slurped him up. Before he knew it, he was inside the organic cockpit. He thought he was in the stomach until I showed up beside him and explained all was as it should be.
The cockpit was surprisingly roomy for the two of us. Laying on our fronts with our beefy shoulders pressed together we peered out the eye optics.
I commanded Evon to boost the enunamic field.
The wings of the Zandith Crockmior buzzed with a great blue burn of energy expulsion. Multiplying enunamic fields we accelerated to speeds far surpassing that of light.
Then I doubled our extraordinary speed.
Chapter 39

EVON ENTERED A SMALL PORT in the wasp’s organic dash. Images began to form in a viewing orb. Swirling galaxies came into view before they shrank in relation to their size and distance from other star clusters. The dimensional images were labelled with symbols and icons known to volks of the Ied era.
“THIS IS THE PATH GASTONISH TRAVELLED TO EARTH, MY LORD.” Evon said. A red line stretched out mapping the route my mother once took amongst the stars.
“MASTER, THIS IS THE GALAXY FROM WHICH WE CAME.” One of the galaxies lit up for a moment in a holographic image created from the eyes of my sertz. “THIS IS THE COURSE WE HAVE TRAVELED TO DATE.” A red line indicated our path and it followed Gastonish’s route precisely. “IF WE STAY ON THIS PARTICULAR HEADING, WE’LL CONTINUE STRAIGHT TO THE GENATION NEBULA.” A light blue line appeared behind the icon that represented us to indicate how much of our path we had thus far completed.
Crossing a boundless distance of starless space, the Zandith Crockmior approached Genation.
Evon’s eyes lit up from its dark port. “MY LORD, WE’RE NEARING OUR DESTINATION.”
With anticipation, I looked out through the eye optics of the Zandith Crockmior. “We’ve reached our destination?!” I asked Grizz with excitement, surprise and disbelief.
“The nightmare continues.” Grizz answered from his own perspective. The whole journey into the depths of space was beyond Grizz’s comprehension. He knew I wanted him to come to Verticus, but now he could see he wasn’t prepared for the reality of it at all.
As we watched the menacing twin clouds of the Genation nebula grow before us, its image filled our entire view. We were in awe.
The tattered and crooked purple ribbon seemed to resonate an alien energy and presence. One swirl was a burning bright red, while the other appeared to be an icy blue. They literally lit up from their centers.
A staff of white light stretched out from the core of each swirl. They stretched out into space, disappearing into the distance.
“Why couldn’t we see this from earth?” Grizz asked.
“You don’t want to know how much distance we just travelled. It would blow your mind.” I told him.
The Zandith Crockmior was becoming noticeably weaker. Pulling at the controls, I steered us toward the red swirl of Genation. Evon appeared to me, questioning my decision. “LORD, ACCORDING TO OUR ORIGINAL PLAN, I MUST GUIDE US BACK INTO THE GENATION NEBULA THE WAY THE ZANDITH CROCKMIOR L/X ORIGINALLY CAME OUT TO SUCCESSFULLY BACK TRACK THE ROUTE YOUR MOTHER USED TO GET HERE. SHALL I NAVIGATE US INTO THE BLUE SWIRL NOW?”
I considered Evon’s suggestion but something inside me screamed danger. “No, I’ll guide us. We’ll take the red one.” There was no time! Evon didn’t believe the Zandith Crockmior would have enough strength to fly us home. It was dying. ‘Will Genation become our tomb?’
“I MUST PROTEST, MY LORD. THE RED NEBULA IS NOT OUR PASSAGE HOME.” Evon voiced.
“I understand that, Evon, but if the blue nebula brought mom to this past, it stands to reason that the red one will take us back to the future.”
Grizz felt uneasy about my argument with my sertz and I don’t think he understood that the Zandith Crockmior was nearing death. He just trusted that I’d figure it all out.
I grabbed hold of a pair of antenna-like control sticks and limped us forward with no further argument from my sertz.
The Zandith Crockmior shuttered violently when we passed through Genation’s protective energy field. Turning the insect vehicle’s head slightly, I could see the invisible field’s disturbance as it rippled across the Zandith Crockmior’s surface. What I saw revealed the field entirely surrounded Genation.
Grizz and I felt like we were about to commit suicide if we continued any further. The sense of evil penetrated both Grizz and myself to the bone.
Heading out to the red swirling center, Evon continued to use Gastonish’s original journey as a reference to return home substituting red for blue. Entering the light at the center of the red fiery bloom, there came a deep and ominous surge of energy and a flourishing discharge of intensity.
With Evon guiding our voyage into the red swirl, the Zandith Crockmior, containing Grizz and I, vanished through space and time.

Coming out at the other side of the red swirling funnel, I was telepathically connected to the wounded Zandith Crockmior. Its life was short and if it died, we’d perish along with it. While linked to the Zandith Crockmior, I became aware of three other telepathic sources of intelligence. None of the three telepathies were volk, human or Ornock, but they were all distinctly different. One of the telepathies came from the blue nebula, the second came from the red twin and the third came from somewhere within the purple energy ribbon.
A fleet of streaking lights shot passed us from over-head. Making a detour, I was curious to know what they were.
Moving the Zandith Crockmior forward, I followed the three orbs. Intuitively, I knew they were important. Finally, I located an alien space station. Nearing it, the Zandith Crockmior’s antenna sensors locked onto a signal from the alien stationary outpost.
This was one of the sources of great telepathic ability. We had to find out if the space station could mend the Zandith Crockmior. We had no other options.

Venturing closer to the twin nebula, I brought the insect craft in close to the purple ribbon and studied its composites of glowing energy. 
From a distance, I pointed out a strange glowing mist of blue. On our way to the space station I could see the mist was actually a swarm of blue orbs.
Telepathically, I learned the orbs were living intelligent beings of energy.
With a sudden swift acceleration, the lights surrounded us. The large swarm began to fly about in random patterns then they flew at us and collided against the hull of the Zandith Crockmior. They pierced the exo-skeletal skin of our insect vehicle like a rain of little blue lights. They fazed into the cab and were absorbed right into my body. As the pummeling caused me to become unconscious, I went inside myself.
The blue orbs entirely avoided any contact with Grizz. Each one altered its course to enter my flesh alone causing it to become luminescent. With the last vestiges of my volk consciousness fading, I felt my spirit, or whatever, leave my body. They pulled my consciousness away, separating it from myself. Abducting my life energy, the orbs transformed my conscious mind into one of them.
While I was out, Grizz attempted to wake me, but it was too late. I had left my body behind.
Though Grizz finally gave up trying to wake me, my loyal little sertz, Evon, persisted. It flashed lights from its little red eyes at my sleeping eye-lids in its endeavor to telepathically bring me around, but none of its attempts were successful.
Grizz, frustrated because he was alone, tried to take control of the Zandith Crockmior. The wings had stopped buzzing and their glow of power ceased. The enunamic field no longer existed so there was no gravity and the cold of space began to creep in on him. All of the controls were dead.
An intelligence spoke to Grizz’s mind and convinced him to focus on a light reflecting off a distant metallic surface. A force behind the intelligence began to telekinetically pull the Zandith Crockmior toward it.
Grizz’s eyes were lured to a huge metallic shape only a few thousand kilometers away. It floated within the purple haze of the energy ribbon. From such a distance the space station looked like a metal planet captured in a purple glowing fog.
Nearing it, Grizz realized just how monumentally large it was. The massive space station looked like a hollow ball that had been cut in half and separated at the equator. The outer metal housing was durable and designed to protect whatever it harnessed inside. From the narrow opening, a single black rod protruded which was thousands of miles in length and at the end of it a bright orb burned like a private small sun. This manufactured sun burned bright exclusively for the space station alone.
‘What was it built for? Who built it? It’s gigantic!’ Grizz continued to work the controls of the Zandith Crockmior, but the insectular craft was obviously under the guidance of alien control. Continuing to be drawn in, Grizz looked into the gap between the open rims of each half shell. ‘What could be inside?’ He was spooked by how alien and mysterious it all was.
When the Zandith Crockmior was pulled into the gap of the alien construct, the insect vehicle no longer moved.
Grizz was sure it was dead.
Lifting his hand to shade his eyes to the unexpected interior brightness, Grizz envisioned, “This is where an alien race resides. Something is being protected within these two outer shells. It’s not natural. All of this has been constructed by intelligent beings and their entire world in here is bathed in the light that they created… They created a sun and housed it inside this world within their world. The outer shells were built to protect the alien’s entire planet.”
The busy surface of the self-contained world was teaming with alien life. He peered down upon the roads and establishments trying to get an idea of what the unfamiliar creatures looked like, but they were just too far away. Great cities were condensed and abundant, but Grizz was directed through the tall structures to the main central city of the strange world. Such a city appeared to go on forever.
Grizz thought he’d end up lost and forgotten within the massive city world. He could feel a new gravitational force drawing him down. Close now, to the alien city, Grizz could see the giant living creatures much closer now. They were mobile amongst their own kind. They were marching in and out of their machine city. These crab-like creatures floated free from the gravity Grizz experienced. While trying to drink in the amazing sights, the limp Zandith Crockmior continued to be pulled into the opening of one of the tall arching towers.
Within the loading bay chamber, the opening shutdown behind and closed the Zandith Crockmior in.
Again, Grizz tried to wake me up. He felt trapped like an animal. ‘Those crab people have captured us.’ Grizz knew. ‘I won’t go out like a punk… I’ll fight them all!’ He hated telepathy because it reminded him of the bad experiences he had with it as a child. It wouldn’t be long before the mysterious creatures of the station came for them.
Evon detected breathable air outside the craft.
Unable to bring me out of my unconsciousness, Grizz rolled over trying to rise from the insect flesh that surrounded him before he slid out of the cockpit and out through the open mouth of the Zandith Crockmior. Looking around the alien loading bay, he couldn’t understand what purpose the machinery built into the walls might have. Recollecting his armor, Grizz snapped it all back on. He assembled his armour fast as he was cautiously ready to fight any second. Within an unfamiliar world, he hid in the corner of the loading bay next to a series of tall crystals affixed to the wall. There, Grizz prepared himself mentally for the arrival of the aliens. He found the anticipation suffocating. The entire situation was far bigger than him.
The Zandith Crockmior weightlessly rose off the floor like a monstrous dead thing and bumped into the walls. It rolled in the space of the compartment until it was captured in the mechanical grip of mechanical appendages that were built to the walls. Long, semi-robotic arms reached out and held the Zandith Crockmior steadily.
Grizz thought the arms posed a threat and might attack or squish the insect wasp craft. While watching the robotics that lined the walls of the cargo area, he noticed the heads of beings looking down and observing him from distant windows high above.
Acquiring alien knowledge telepathically spooked Grizz. Though he couldn’t explain the experience, he was suddenly aware that the series of tall crystals were actually a doorway to the rest of the space station. Waving his arms for the creatures to acknowledge him, Grizz didn’t expect them to back away out of sight when they realized they had been spotted. Recognizing the crystal doorway, he wanted to find out what kind of creatures he was dealing with before passing through it. He figured the intelligent creatures of the station couldn’t be too dangerous or they would’ve tried to kill him already.
Leaping from the Zandith Crockmior, Grizz weightlessly floated to the window high above. Looking into the window, he was frustrated to find the creatures had cleared out of the room.
Using his arms to climb along the wall, Grizz made his way back down to the large lower door that was forged of long vertical crystals.
Knowing he had to give the crystal door a push, Grizz pressed his shoulder to it. He heard a slight suction of air around the seams before the crystal separated for him. The rest of the mysterious space station was about to be discovered. Grizz’s confidence was based squarely on his physical strength, but he wasn’t without his wit or cunning. “Great, Eddy. What have you gotten us into?” Feeling like a rat in a house fearful of being detected, Grizz mounted his courage and poked his head through the crystal door to see what surprises awaited him.
On the other side, Grizz saw a huge spacious hall. Walking away from him was the back of a giant rounded shell with spidery legs. The massive creature was of such a frightful nature, it would bleach the souls of any mortal man.
Grizz was petrified. This thing was enormous with the stature of a giant. From the smooth outer surface of its shell, the creature’s multiple spikes protruded between an assortment of unusual mechanical devices. The purposes of such gadgets were anyone’s guess being of alien design. Under the shell, its six insect legs tapped along the pearly floor as it rapidly scuttled away. Grizz decided to follow and observe the creature. Maybe he would even make contact with it. Stepping out through the crystal door, it closed behind him with a flare of blue flames.
An alien crab creature appeared out of nowhere and nabbed Grizz quickly in its giant pincher claws. Pain seared up his spine, then he fell forward in agony. Grizz’s war cry of pain was faintly heard on the other side of the crystal door before his roar was suddenly silenced.
Chapter 40

STANDING OUTSIDE MY CABIN HOME on the Knolix Island, the front door opened and my mother stepped out smiling at me.
As we walked down the road, Gastonish spoke to me and her voice was a refreshing melody. “Eddy, my son, you must persevere. Verticus is merely at your fingertips. Even when it seems the road can go no further, you must push on. Do not give up. The journey is life and well worth living.”
Suddenly, I began to rise weightlessly into the air. As I flew higher and higher, I watched my mother disappear into the distance behind me. Then the entire earth shrank away into the distance of space along with all the stars.

I rubbed my eyes, waking from a deep sleep. Realizing I was within the cockpit of the Zandith Crockmior, I knew something was terribly wrong. ‘Why was I alone? Grizz was beside me when I passed out. Where could he be, now?’ I wondered.
The Zandith Crockmior was wounded, but after trying to access the organic sensor equipment, I realized it had bled out and died. ‘How come I’m not dead?’ The pieces weren’t fitting together.
Clearing my throat, I took in a full breath. The air seemed to be manufactured and filtered. “Evon!” I called out loudly.
My sertz came out of my ear when I summoned it. “WHAT IS IT, MY LORD?” Evon flew to a position facing me where it hovered at eye level.
“Where’s Grizz?!” I asked urgently.
“GRIZZ MAY HAVE BEEN TELEPATHICALLY LURED AWAY BY THE ALIENS OR ELSE HE’S EXPLORING OF HIS OWN VALIDITY. HE COULDN’T WAKE YOU UP EVEN AFTER HIS MANY VIOLENT ATTEMPTS.”
“Gone?” I questioned.
‘Grizz struck me trying to wake me up.’ I realized, rubbing my sore jaw.
I had to find him. Sliding through the throat of the insectular unit, I shimmied to the inner mouth. What a claustrophobic experience pushing past the dead flesh. If the Zandith Crockmior was fully functional, its throat would move the occupant in or out. Pushing open the insect’s huge mouth, I slid out and floated free of the mandibles then the low gravity drew me to the floor. Noticing Grizz’s armor was missing from the Zandith Crockmior’s claws I recovered my double bladed axe.
Floating out, examining my surroundings, I curiously found multiple large robotic arms mounted to the walls. Most of them were folded up and stationed around the Zandith Crockmior, but two of these great apertures actually held the Zandith Crockmior. Between each of the robotic arms were tall vertical crystals. The walls of the inner loading bay were made of the shiniest silver. When I floated closer to the strange wall, I was surprised to find the metal was constructed of tightly woven conduits. Tiny lights flashed throughout the metallic fibers.
Telepathically, I learned the lights were the living orbs that penetrated the hull of the Zandith Crockmior earlier. They could leave the walls and shoot through the air, but the conduits made their transportation even faster with precise destination objectives.
Moving along the wall, I came to a series of several tall crystal cylinders. I tried to open them, because a whispered telepathic instruction suggested I should. The crystals didn’t open for me, but I knew I’d find something of value on the other side. I was certain it’d be intelligent, whatever it was.
Working my powerful volk fingers between the crystal cylinders, I forced my hulking body forward. When the crystal gave way, I spread them apart like a curtain. They sounded like a giant chandelier was being disturbed.
On the other side was a giant tunnel section of what looked like a short stretch of road. At each end of the road was a swirling portal of energy.
Giant alien creatures materialized out from one swirling portal and flew down the road to the other black distortion. There, they vanished into it. The short stretch of road was like a two lane highway and the creatures who used it weren’t easy to see because they traveled by so quickly.
Suddenly, the fast moving Morguldeans slowed to a stop. Turning their distinguished eyes in my direction, they glared at me.
Hideously strange, the Morguldeans had bone plated armored hides with random spikes. At the end of their long retractable neck was their single eye cluster. Where the Morguldean’s stomach should be, a huge vertical mouth opened instead. Between the Morguldeans and its shell was a thick appendage connecting the two parts. A great shell housed the alien’s vital organs along with its massive brain. Each of the Morguldean’s shells was a unique identity. Some were smooth while others were spiky and rough with a variety of expressive colours. At the bottom of the great shells were six spidery legs. No two Morguldeans looked alike, though it wasn’t easy to tell them apart either.
The portals of gaping distortions swirled to a stop. No one else came through the portals, but each of the creatures raised their eyes telescopically and began approaching me.
My eyes widened with fear. When I turned to duck back into the cargo hold, a powerful telekinetic force seized my body. The invisible grip felt like an extension of the Morguldean’s claw. While it held my waist uncomfortably tight, I held onto the crystal cylinder of the doorway with all my might. Challenging the strength of the Morguldean, I pulled myself into the chamber. I only needed a few inches more until I was able to reach the handle of my axe.
When the Morguldean yanked me out, tossing me to the crowded roadway, I sprang to my feet swinging my axe. “Evon, protect my mind from any alien telepathy!” I commanded.
Instantly, my trusted sertz filtered out any Morguldean brainwaves. While fully prepared to protect myself against the ugly creatures, their strong telepathic minds conveyed a message and Evon safely translated their message to my thoughts. ‘We are Morguldeans! We are superior to you, but we do not wish to hurt you. Relinquish your weapon and come with us peacefully. We will deliver you to your companion.’
Responding to the Morguldeans, I used the same method of filtered telepathy, ‘Consider my terms; I keep the weapon and you go find my companion for me! Don’t try intimidating me. I don’t care how big you are or how smart you think you are. I have come too far to let the likes of you stop me.’ With a swagger of confidence my thoughts caused the Morguldeans to reconsider my counter request.
Without hesitation, the Morguldeans moved to attack me.
With equal speed and precision, I swung my axe, lopping limbs off two of the Morguldeans. The dismembered arms and spider legs caused the creatures to reel in pain. Clumsily they retreated from me shuffling for a distance as they bled.
I threatened the creatures like a fine tuned weapon of their destruction.
Collecting their severed body parts, the wounded Morguldeans began putting them back in place. When I saw the severed appendages begin to adhere and heal up instantly, I couldn’t believe it was possible. Even their thick yellowish blood slowly seeped back into their wounds. Once they recollected themselves, other Morguldeans used small hand held devices that shined a light on the wounds. This finalized the healing process. All of the Morguldeans reorganized themselves and held new positions. This time they brandished weapons pulled from their shells. The weapons were constructed, each with its own ability. Most of them looked like long golden rods with smaller metal rods twisted in and around them. With the sound of multiple chirps, the energy weapons of the Morguldeans charged up. Disks formed under the spider legs as some of the Morguldeans rose off the pearly street and traveled overhead in the high tunnel.
‘That stung, volk.’ a Morguldean told my mind.
‘They knew of my species?’
‘We can re-attach our severed limbs and heal any wound. It’s time we return the favor and for your sake you better be able to do the same.’ The Morguldeans blinked with their singular eye lids, never letting me out of their sights.
‘You want a piece of me?’ I taunted the Morguldeans with my mind, “Come over here and take it.” I finished by voicing my words.
Like they were as good as new, the Morguldeans fought me.
Shouting, I defended myself from the Morguldean’s attacks. Sliding under one of them, I raised my axe blade, scoring a long laceration which caused the bottom of its shell to split open. Its internals hung out.
Evon resonated a hypersonic frequency which was what disabled the Morguldean’s mental abilities in the first place.
Using the slope and spikes of the Morguldean’s shell, I climbed up to the top of the wounded Morguldean. As I leaped from the shell, one of the other Morguldeans tried to shoot at me. Using my axe as a shield, I deflected the shot. With their weaponized telepathy ineffective, I privately told Evon to flash his eyes with maximum brightness.
Realizing their eyes were vulnerable, Evon’s high intensity flash caused the creatures to instantly recoil into their shells with terrible shrieks.
Leaping through the air in low gravity, I landed on the road.
Evon took its ability a step further by blocking their telepathy.
The Morguldeans were quick to realize they could no longer communicate with one another. They didn’t like that at all.
The huge dark portals became active again. Their darkened voids swirled open. Cautiously, many of the alien abominations backed into the portals to escape me.
Climbing up the back of one of the Morguldean’s shells, I straddled it. Holding onto its spikes tightly, I saw an energy field form around the entire creature. It lifted off the floor exhibiting the ability to fly. Lurching forward, I was dedicated to go where ever that Morguldean took me. When it noticed I was on its shell, the Morguldean began to buck in an attempt to throw me off. Blindly, it stumbled right into one of the rolling black portals.
Chapter 41

INSTANTANEOUSLY, I rematerialized on the other side of the portal. Riding the flying Morguldean, I was at an entirely different location within the Morguldean space station. I was near the top of the space station’s dome looking down on the encased planet of the Morguldeans. ‘Oh, great, now I’m really lost.’
Taking in the magnificent sight of the Morguldean’s civilization far below me, I didn’t want to remain at such a dangerous altitude.
The Morguldean dived down towards his encased alien world. Near the planet’s surface, we passed floating mechanical stations and other flying Morguldeans before Evon translated a mysterious telepathic message to my mind.
‘Follow my voice and you will find Me.’
The message came from a friendly character. This thought turned out not to be intrusive like the other Morguldean’s were. Telepathically, it came through as trustworthy and wasn’t even from a Morguldean. I could relate to the mind behind the thought like it was somehow an echo of my own. For a moment I thought it came from Grizz, but the telepathy was far too calm and subtle.
This was clearly someone else.
The Morguldean’s telescopic cluster eye extended over its back and viewed me riding on its shell.
I became aware that the Morguldean received the same message I did. It was already following after the same voice that spoke to my mind. The Morguldean and I found we were being lured to a specific city; a specific building and a specific window.
‘Did they use this same method to capture Grizz?’ I suspected.
Nearing the window that was calling to us, I could see someone inside looking out. The person, not a Morguldean, was possibly human or volk. He wore a hooded cowl and watched us from an alien control room.
Steadily, the Morguldean slowed as it paralleled the darkened room behind the window.
The dark hooded figure was proportionally smaller than the large alien counters and consoles. Looking directly at me, the mysterious person stood waiting for me to do something. Stepping forward, the dark person suddenly disappeared from my view. He was under the tall counter. I couldn’t see him until his hand reached up over the counter’s edge to flip a switch.
When the window vanished, the Morguldean telekinetically carried me inside. The inner compartment’s gravity allowed me to settle my feet on the counter.
Cautiously, I looked at the Morguldean, then down to the cloaked figure, “Hello?” I spoke to the mysterious person. Slowly placing my axe on the counter, I told him, “My name’s, Eddy Evon. I won’t harm you.”
The cloaked figure waved his hand with a telepathic message for the Morguldean outside the window to depart. When the Morguldean flew away, the window re-materialized. When the cloaked figure slid his hood back, I craned my neck to look over the counter-top to get a better look at him. Exposing his face for the first time, I saw you, ‘Jupacious.’”

“Yes, and so your tale has run its course.” When Jupacious smiled with his eyes, the wrinkles of his volk face stretched which made him look a little younger.
Eddy was grateful to have the opportunity to share his story.
Jupacious seemed to really appreciate it.
Still, Eddy wasn’t sure how useful it was to Jupacious. “A marvellous story, Eddy Evon, and here we are at the end of it.” Undoing the half round black mind link object from the side of his head, Jupacious slipped the device into a deep pocket of his cloak. Only a minute had passed for Eddy’s entire life to be told telepathically.
Hoping Jupacious would repay him with the story of his own life, Eddy was curious to learn about him.
A chime echoed from a monitor displaying Morguldean activity. Eddy saw the Morguldeans on the monitor and recognized Grizz immediately when they lifted him up. He was like a small doll pinched between their crab claw pinchers.
“Ah, here,” Jupacious pointed to the monitor, “It appears the Morguldeans are finished examining your companion. I’ll call for a guide to take us to him.”
“It’s too bad, Jupacious.” Eddy said as he reached up to the counter to take hold of his axe once more. “I was hoping you could tell me your history. I’d really like to know what brought you here to this exact location and time.”
“You will not have to wait long, Eddy. I need you to have patience. You may discover you already know my story.” He elusively explained. The huge door to the room shattered into fragments and collected into the door frame. This revealed a huge Morguldean standing there filling the entire open frame.
At twenty-four feet tall, the Morguldean loomed over Eddy and Jupacious menacingly. The presence of the Morguldean was a distracting vision to behold. The front of its body was layered with muscle and bone. With thick skeletal frames of over-sized muscles and tendons, it was covered with outer shell plates. These shells also had a tough skin.
Upon entering the control room, the Morguldean’s majestic eye moved between the two volks. It pivoted its long neck then a skin came up and covered the eye as its eyelid blinked. The tall body leaned forward like it was about to fall on the two volks then it extended an arm to the floor.
Jupacious and Eddy were scooped up into the Morguldean’s claw with assistance from its telekinesis. Sitting comfortably in the arms of the Morguldean, the two volks were convinced they had nothing to worry about. Backing out of the room, the Morguldean turned and carried them down the huge hallway. The massive open doorway filled with fragments that reconfigured themselves to restore the door again. Not only did the heavy scampering steps echo throughout the long hall, but the clattering of their spidery legs sounded like a tap-dance shuffle.
Jupacious included Eddy in the open telepathic dialogue of the Morguldeans. The thoughts from creatures throughout the space station were interrupted when the minds of volks were added. Eddy was honored to be a part of the world of the Morguldean’s complex communal telepathy. 
There was no way to lie. There was no way of deception and no secret could be hidden. It was then, Eddy discovered that Jupacious planned for both he and Grizz to make a large golden mountain of a starship their home. Jupacious was a significant person in Eddy’s life, but with so much information coming at them so quickly it was difficult to filter it.
Jupacious told Eddy, “I have to leave to make other preparations to ensure your safe passage through this place and success to your venture.”
“Jupacious, won’t you join us on the rest of our journey to Verticus?” Eddy asked. Jupacious was a volk after all. Why wouldn’t he want to return to his home world?
Telepathically, Jupacious revealed Genation was his home, but he was very mysterious about it. Then he telepathically asked the Morguldean to call upon one of his assistants to take him to his ship, the Quasarious. He further requested to have Grizz reunited with Eddy.
When Jupacious was handed over to another Morguldean, the two of them phased right through a solid wall.
Eddy didn’t want him to leave so soon. Then the telepathic presence of Jupacious went out like a light bulb. As a type of fare-well, Eddy felt a great sense of compassion from Jupacious just as the mind-link was severed. Suddenly, Eddy sensed a great surprise was about to be imparted. 
A door broke into fragments and collected into the outer frame. Crystal technology was the basis behind how most of the Morguldean’s doors functioned. The Morguldean carried Eddy through the open door and down a passage to a strange alien eating area. 
Giant Morguldeans filled the room. They lounged on strange chairs designed for their odd alien forms. Not one of them noticed Eddy as he was carried through the diner. They ate, stuffing food into the large mouths of their bellies. The sounds were loud and their mouths slopped with sucking noises. Eddy saw many Morguldean tongues lick out around their mouth lips at food that almost rolled out to the floor. Some of the noises they made while they ate sounded like laughing to Eddy.
Stopping at a table littered with containers of various food items, Eddy couldn’t identify a thing except within one clear container sat Grizz. He anticipated reuniting with his old friend.
The Morguldean placed Eddy in the same container with Grizz.
Placing his axe on the ground next to himself, Eddy said, “Grizz, you okay?”
Dressed in his dark armor, Grizz looked up at Eddy through the protective slats of his helmet’s visor, “Ed-man, what did they do to you? I couldn’t get you to wake up. I thought you were dead!”
“I’m fine, Grizz.” Eddy reassured him. He hoped Grizz hadn’t somehow corrupted their situation. That was when Eddy realized Grizz was the fulcrum of his plans.
“They lured me from you and your bumble bee space-ship.” Grizz explained. “I was roughed up a little. All I wanted to do was escape and survive, but these alien vermin, they can be treacherous when they want to be. They doped me up with some strange light they flashed in my eyes. I let them scan me, poke me and probe me all they wanted. I thought they were trying to torture me or something but somehow I didn’t care what they wanted to do to me. That strange light was good stuff. Turns out, they really didn’t do too much to me at all. They were just curious about me. I told you, we should’ve turned around and went back to earth, but...” Grizz stood up on the floor of the container and turned himself from side to side at the waist, prior to stretching the muscles of his arms. “Look at me, Eddy. I feel great!”
Once the nightmarish threat of their fate had worn off, Eddy smiled for Grizz’s sake, but inside he wondered what the Morguldeans intended for them. They were in a bowl at the center of a table in a giant alien’s dining hall. ‘Are we about to be the main course?’ Shifting his thoughts, Eddy said, “I’m glad to hear it, Grizz. Now listen, while these Morguldeans were scanning you, I made contact with a volk right here on this station. We’re going to be taken to him soon… I think.” He logically deducted before he stole a moment to glance around at the giants who surrounded them. “It doesn’t look like these creatures have anything else in mind for us. So in the meantime we should take it easy and keep from getting into any trouble. Things are working out for us at the moment and I don’t want to mess it up.”
“You think these things are going to eat us? I don’t care how big these things are. If they push me, I’ll kill them all.” With an insatiable growl, he added. “I will survive!”
“Well, I hope it won’t have to come to that. Let’s not jump to conclusions. I made a friend on the inside here… I’m glad to see you haven’t changed though…”
Looking up, they beheld the sight of Morguldeans gathering around them. It looked like all of them and they were not socializing anymore. Their eye clusters extended out on their long necks then they came so close it looked like they were going to touch the barrier of their container.
A few of them held a crumbling cake-like substance above Eddy and Grizz’s Heads. Little pieces of alien food were sprinkled over them. The two little brothers were like lab pets the way they were fed.
Grizz refused to entertain the Morguldeans and wiped the dry fallen food off his armour.
Eddy, on the other hand, was very hungry. He figured the Morguldeans knew volks well enough from having contact with Jupacious to know what a volk could and couldn’t eat. Tasting the food, Eddy found it lacked flavor, but it was rich in nutrients. Gathering as much food as he could, Eddy filled his pockets.
“How can you eat at a time like this?!” Grizz barked.
“Grizz, we have no idea when we’ll be able to get food again. It’s better to take all we can carry now.” The Morguldeans enjoyed watching Eddy gather food. They made a package of food and dropped it at Grizz’s feet to see what he would do with it. The package was tightly bound and about the size of a single grocery bag. Grizz picked up the package and gave the Morguldeans a skeptical stare. Surprising the Morguldeans, Grizz roared and jumped at them with clawed fingers.
The Morguldean’s eyes didn’t flinch at all, but they thought of Grizz as a wild primitive creature.
Grizz blew out his disappointment when he realized he couldn’t intimidate the creatures. “These sure are strange aliens, Ed-man.” Grizz stated. Then the container that held Eddy and Grizz was abruptly picked up off the table in the pinchers of a Morguldean.
“Sure, Grizz, they’re the strange ones?” Eddy heckled Grizz humorously, but Grizz ignored him. “You can’t surprise them or out think them. They can read your thoughts.”
Due to the bouncy, swinging motion of their container, Grizz and Eddy immediately collapsed when their container was lifted. The Morguldean carried Grizz and Eddy out of the alien cafeteria and through a long maze of halls. When a huge door fragmented and opened, they passed through.
Eddy thought, ‘Certainly we’re being taken to Jupacious.’ The Morguldeans placed the container on the ledge of the outpost where both Grizz and Eddy could look out over the huge city below. Looking out to the sky, Eddy and Grizz could only see as far as the shiny metal inner contours of the space station’s shields. The artificial sun that was harnessed just outside, sliced a beam of light through the opening of the protective shield as it lazily made its way around the Morguldean space station.
Telepathic information confirmed they were being taken to Jupacious. Eddy and Grizz looked across the great city below and understood that Jupacious was within the large golden cone shaped mountain. It was the same golden mountain that Eddy telepathically saw earlier and it protruded from the contained planet’s surface. As the golden cone structure began to rise, Eddy realized telepathically that Jupacious intended for it to be a gift to Eddy and Grizz. It was to be their spacecraft.

Jupacious was delivered to this great spacecraft to make the final preparations. This was a unique step in pre-flight operations for anyone. What he was about to do had never been done before. Jupacious had secretly befriended a certain blue orb of life energy from the Genation nebula, a Galordian and he named it Quasarious.
All of these little blue orbs were known as Galordians and they resided within Genation. None of the Galordians were able to leave the boundaries of Genation, but Jupacious found a way for one of them to be appointed and set free by becoming bound to a starship created from Genation elements.
What Jupacious had asked of Quasarious was for it to cease being a Galordian, but to become the spacecraft itself. The spacecraft was alive and able to think and feel. For many years, Jupacious had groomed Quasarious to become disconnected from the others.
When Quasarious’s life energy fused with the Morguldean spacecraft for the first time the spacecraft lit up with power and energy. It ceased to be merely a Morguldean spacecraft and became ‘The Quasarious.’

Peering through the transparent siding of their container, Grizz tried to make sense of what he was looking at. To Grizz, the golden cone didn’t look like a spacecraft at all. For all he knew, he was looking at a floating golden pyramid of the strange alien world.
It was the largest spacecraft Eddy and Grizz had ever seen. The hull was a bright gold that reflected like a mirror. It also gave off a warm light as it leveled out and rose to them. Smooth and sleek like a golden tear-drop, the spacecraft was created as a single structure.
A Morguldean placed Eddy and Grizz’s capsule container into a tube. The Morguldean fluttered its claw over a spider web sensor. When the sensor lit up with green shooting lights, Grizz and Eddy’s capsule was immediately dispersed to the huge golden spacecraft. They were shot out of the tube and soared through the air toward the Quasarious.
“That floating mountain of gold is our new space-craft.” explained Eddy, as he tried to share his understanding.
“What part of that thing is the space-ship?” asked Grizz, believing Eddy wasn’t the best source of information here.
“The entire thing is a spaceship, Grizz... The entire thing...” as Eddy thought about the possibility of what he said, he felt more confident about his answer.
“Ed-man, it’s too big.” breathed Grizz. He was in awe the closer they approached it.
The spacecraft received the capsule of Eddy and Grizz through a tight access port. Within the space-craft, at the receiving bed, the capsule came to a soft rest.
Jupacious stood up like he had been waiting for them for a while. Using a device, he tapped the capsule. This caused it to split open. “Welcome to the Quasarious.” Jupacious said warmly. “This is the vessel that’s going to take you to your destination, Eddy.” he continued to explain. “The Quasarious has a harnessed momentum core drive system and enunamic field technology for unlimited deep space exploration.”
Stepping out of the capsule first, Eddy propped his axe up over one shoulder and stepped aside to allow Grizz to follow. Initiating the introduction, Eddy said, “Jupacious, this is Grizz.” Looking back at Grizz, Eddy motioned with an open palm.
“Remove your helmet, please.” Jupacious asked.
When Grizz slipped his helmet off, Jupacious smiled. “I feel like we’ve already met.” he said this referring to the story Eddy shared with him.
“Well, old man. I never met you before in my life!” With a negative frown, Grizz answered bluntly.
Approaching Grizz, Jupacious apparently had no sense of boundaries. He put his nose close to Grizz’s face and sniffed. “Well son, I’m glad you made it.” Jupacious smiled welcoming.
“Yu crazy weirdo. You the pilot?” Grizz lit up with his own brand of colourful charisma.
“And Grizz, this is Jupacious.” Eddy introduced with a chuckle. The exchange of words was as good as he could’ve expected.
Grizz replaced his helmet over his head to conceal his stone cold, un-enthusiastic eyes.
Jupacious smiled confidently and gestured for them to follow him. Leading Eddy and Grizz out of the room and down the extent of a long hallway, Jupacious brought them to the guidance center of the ship.
The guidance center was very clean and new in appearance. Jupacious walked over to a seat at the center. Countless other seats surrounded the guidance chair.
Eddy noticed a lack of controls for a craft as large as the Quasarious.
Jupacious unclasped his long hooded cloak and tossed it over the center chair.
Eddy was surprised to see Jupacious wasn’t only very old, he was very skinny, malnourished and dirty for a volk also. His clothes didn’t appear to be of volk origin, but he did seem like a traveler of the stars. Standing at the guidance station, Jupacious looked out of place next to the clean instruments and seemed to be waiting for something from his passengers.
Eddy approached Jupacious holding out some of the food from his pocket.
Jupacious gladly accepted the offer and smiled at Eddy. Something in the eyes of Jupacious felt rewarding to Eddy strangely.
Jupacious told him, “You have a good heart.”
Grizz remained silent with no coy remarks.
Jupacious turned away taking a big bite from the pink flaky morsel as he sat down at the control panel of the guidance seat. Whatever the food was made of, it crunched loudly in Jupacious’s jowls, making one heck of a racket. Chomping on a mouthful of food, he said, “If you’ll sit here beside me, Eddy, I’ll show you how to work these controls.” he motioned for Eddy to sit beside him.
Eddy and Jupacious interfaced with the Quasarious for the first time.

With the assistance of the Morguldeans, the planet’s protective shielding moved further apart to allow for the Quasarious to pass through.
Moving slow and gallantly, the sleek surface of the huge golden starship reflected off the side of the gigantic Morguldean space station. Moving out from the purple energy ribbon, they set their course using Evon’s references and began to travel away from Genation.

Destination; Verticus…

A story by
Robert A. Hunt


To be continued in;

Genation Grizz
Rise of the ShadowKnight - Book 1.5

&

Genation Verticus - Book 2



Review

Leave a review along with my volk friend here! Share your thoughts about this story. Trolls are not invited, only honest reviews. Respectfully, please do not giveaway any spoilers in your own personal opinion. A review is not a synopsis or a short story detailing the entire narrative. Simply explain if you liked it and how it made you feel. Thank you so much for being a part of this story’s history.

Simply click here to begin!


Also available!
The origin of Grizz



Genation
Grizz
Rise of the ShadowKnight
Book 1.5

GRIZZ and his four brothers are the government’s ultimate secret weapon. From the time they were born, each of them are enhanced with the body parts of an alien volk. Every next move is a battle of wits and fists to complete their mission and stay alive. Grizz’s first enemies are the nations of the world. After escaping the control of the government, Grizz goes solo and leads the punks of Cosmo City for a time until they too turn on him. Kiki Vixen becomes Grizz’s unlikely companion and between them a solid bond of friendship is forged, but the cost of combat is too high.
Find out what it takes to rise like a ShadowKnight. –Grrrr…

About the Author

ROBERT A. HUNT has five published novels. His ‘Legend’ series pertain to the past. These include; The Coalmont Legend and The Crossbreed Legend. Robert is currently finishing up a fourth installment of his Legend books.
He also wrote the Jasper series; Book 1 is titled ‘Jasper and the Shelter of Angels’ Book 2 is “Jasper and the Shroud of Death’ and Book 3 (near completion) is ‘Jasper and the Guiding Light.’ These stories, which are perceived to take place in the present, delve into spiritual and paranormal issues through a compelling and action-packed narrative.
Besides writing, Robert also enjoys exploring the nature of North America in search of Sasquatch evidence. Stories of witness accounts in the subjects of Sasquatch, aliens, angels or other unknown cryptids captivate him. Through his research on such things, Robert has compiled stories he would like to read but do not exist. Writing has been a magnificent outlet to set his imagination free. His unique story telling style is a rarity indeed.
Following in their father’s enthusiastic endeavor, his children also share their stories in print.
The idea of a true Sasquatch encounter (Or any non-human entity or creature) both intrigues and terrifies him, but when new evidence and reports are submitted, he is captivated by the possibilities.
Robert resides in his homeland of Canada, British Columbia with his family.

Author’s Note

When I was eighteen years of age, I discovered the Holy Bible. At the time, when it was gifted to me, I not only didn’t believe in God, but I had no idea such a book could have any impact on me whatsoever. Boy, was I wrong. As I read, I realized it was nothing like the concepts I was filling my head with at the time. I could litterally notice my mind upgrading as I was introduced to God’s way of thinking. The ways of God are not like the ways of man, and if you don’t believe me, read a bible as I did; starting from the beginning of the New Testament.
Though I wanted to bend this book; Genation Earth Volk to the concepts of the bible, I had no idea how that could be done. As I continued writing as I began when I was sisxteen, I found the book of Ezekiel spoke to me in very science fiction terms. I began to model the grey aliens off what was writing in accordance to this prophet’s scripture. I believed, at the time, that Ezekiel was just doing his best to interpret aliens and UFOs to the best of his ability.
The following is a portion of what inspired me the most.

Ezekiel 1:1-21

The Living Creatures of the Glory of the Lord

In the thirteenth year, in the fourth month on the fifth day, while I was among the exiles by the Kabar River, the heavens were opened and I saw visions of God.
On the fifth of the month - it was the fifth year of the exile of King Jehoiachin - the word of the Lord came to Ezekiel the priest, the son of Buzi, by the Kabar River in the land of the Babylonians. There the hand of the Lord was upon him.
I looked, and I saw a windstorm coming out of the north - an immense cloud with flashing lightning and surrounded by brilliant light. The center of the fire looked like glowing metal, and in the fire was what looked like four living creatures. In appearance their form was that of a man, but each of them had four faces and four wings. There legs were straight; their feet were like those of a calf and gleamed like burnished bronze. Under their wings on their four sides they had hands of a man. All four of them had faces and wings, and their wings touched one another. Each one went straight ahead; they did not turn as they moved.
Their faces looked like this: Each of the four had the face of a man, and on the right side each had the face of a lion, and on the left the face of an ox; each also had the face of an eagle. Such were their faces. Their wings were spread out upward; each had two wings, one touching the wing of another creature on either side, and two wings covering its body. Each one went straight ahead. Wherever the spirit would go, they would go, without turning as they went.
The appearance of the living creatures was like burning coals of fire or like torches. Fire moved back and forth among the creatures; it was bright, and lightning flashed out of it. The creatures sped back and forth like flashes of lightning.
As I looked at the living creatures, I saw a wheel on the ground beside each creature with its four faces. This was the appearance and structure of the wheels: They sparkled like chrysolite, and all four looked alike. Each appeared to be made like a wheel intersecting a wheel. As they moved, they would go in any one of the four directions the creatures faced; the wheels did not turn about as the creatures went. Their rims were high and awesome, and all four rims were full of eyes all around.
When the living creatures moved, the wheels beside them moved; and when the living creatures rose from the ground, the wheels also rose. Wherever the spirit would go, they would go, and the wheels would rise along with them, because the spirit of the living creatures was in the wheels. When the creatures moved, they also moved; when the creatures stood still, they also stood still; and when the creatures rose from the ground, the wheels rose along with them, because the spirit of the living creatures was in the wheels.



For more about author Robert A. Hunt, simply punch the shield above.





