

God's Rogue
By
Kevin S. Chambers




















Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 46
Chapter 48
Chapter 49


























Kevin S. Chambers was born May, 3, 1990. Kevin has always had a wild imagination, often creating and writing stories during, church and school when he should have been paying attention. Not only did Kevin like to tell stories, he loved to read; until he entered high school.

Rich Martin a shop teacher at Kevin’s high school handed him a book, Eragon. For over a year Kevin held onto the book, until he finally read it. After which he continued to read, eventually finding the Sword of Truth Series.

Since 2010 Kevin has spent his time between reading, and writing not only novels, but screenplays as well.





Gods Rogue

Chapter 1
"Kaden Hunt," Says the bald bartender wearing a tight leather jacket, tattoos running up and down his arms. The backwater bar filled with smoke, and only 3 patrons. Light bursts through the door, as Kaden steps in, quickly disappearing, revealing a man with neatly groomed blond hair, piercing blue eyes, and an athletic build. Kaden wears a simple white t-shirt and jeans. "The man, the myth and the legend. I thought I told you not to come back here?"
"You did," Kade says, pulling up a seat at the bar. "I'll take a beer."
"Must have been rough, if you're drinking?"
"I hate Arizona."
The bartender pops a lid off a glass bottle and slides it to Kaden. "You always say that, and yet you keep coming back. What brought you back this time?"
"There is a war coming Jerome," Kaden says taking a swig of his beer, keeping stern eye contact.
"You've been fighting this war for decades, how old are you now 70?"
"84."
"Well you look 26."
"Regeneration my friend, regeneration. Our creators can do the same exact thing."
"Yes, there is a reason, they are gods."
"Jamison tried to kill me last night," Kaden said, drowning the rest of his beer.
"Everyone out now!" Jerome yells, moving from the bar. The 3 patrons look at Jerome with confusion and annoyance. "Let's go, get out of here!" 
"Why?" One of the patrons asks, stumbling over herself as she walks for the door.
"Because it's my bar, and I said you need to leave." The Patrons grumble as they leave. Jerome quickly closes the door, making sure to lock it. Returning to the bar, he grabs a bottle of Tennessee whiskey, and pours a drink for himself and Kaden. "What do you mean Jamison tried to kill you?"
Kaden downs the whiskey quickly. Before Jerome can grab the bottle for more, it floats over to Kaden who plucks it out of the air and begins drinking. Putting the bottle down, he speaks. "When I got home last night, I found Jamison sitting in my apartment with tea, he tried to poison me with tea!" Kaden takes another large drink. "When that didn't work, he tried to shoot me. Naturally I deflected the bullets around me."
"You're not telling me why he tried to kill you."
"He said I had gotten to powerful, that I have drawn the attention of Enki and Shamash."
Jerome grabs the bottle from Ka, taking a large drink. "That's a problem."
Another bottle floats over to Kaden, who plucks it out of the air. "You're telling me. He said he was doing it as a service to me, to save me from the hell they have planned for me." Kaden smirks, a ball of living fire formed in his palm. "He seems to forget I've been to hell, and I brought part of it back with me."
"Yes, I know your dark period during the 80's I got it, put that thing away," Jerome says, eerily eying the ball of hell fire. Relief floods over him, as the flame vanished. "Thank you. Now what happened to Jamison?"
"I killed him," Kaden says with a nonchalant shrug as he finishes off the bottle.  "While he was floating there in the air, I slowly suffocated him."
"Kaden, I know you have incredible abilities, I know your thousands and thousands of years more evolved than most on this plan both spiritually, physically, and ability, but you cannot go around just killing people."
"First anyone can reach this level, it might take multiple lifetimes, but that is what reincarnation is about."
"You can't even remember your past lives and look at you, you could rule the planet."
"I don't want to rule the planet Jerome, I want to free it from the control of Enki and Shamash."
"No Annunaki has been seen for Millenia," Jerome says, taking another swig.
"But we've seen their minions, they hunt human alien hybrids. If you do not join them, you are killed.  To be honest I am not sure who is worse, Enki who wants to control Humanities potential; or Shamash who treats humans as cattle."
"We are getting off topic, can we get back to the part where you killed Jamison?"
"It was hard okay, watching the man who raised me, try to kill me, twice! I lost my cool, I get it, but in the moment, it felt right. The hot soothing wash of revenge, covering me like warm water. "
"For someone who is so old, you go off halfcocked a lot, you need to keep yourself in check."
"You don't think I know that," Kaden yells as he stands, his chair flying into the wall behind him. "I remember every life I took in the 80s the thousands of innocent people I killed. The mothers pleading for their children's lives, all because I was in love with a woman who fooled me into doing what she wanted. I'm more powerful now, I could do so much more now without blinking. You know who saved me, who got me to stop? Jamison, the same man I killed last night, all because he said I've drawn to much attention, that Enki and Shamash are returning. You know what? He's right, I've seen more hunter hounds, more human hybrids in the last year, then in the previous 3 decades."
Instinctively Jerome steps back, not knowing where Kaden's anger will lash out. He has seen Kaden wipeout entire buildings in a blind rage. Jerome's eyes widened as he realized the room growing darker. "Kaden what is going on?"
"I need answers, and your mother is one I can get them from," Kaden replies with an eyrie smile, the room almost entirely black. 
"You need to be in the Astral Realm to do that."
"Where do you think we are going?"
"You can't physically enter the Astral, you know this."
"Actually, I can," said Kaden with darkness enveloping them.
Jerome catches a flash of light out the corner of his eye. As the light races toward them, growing larger and larger, Jerome feels himself begin to calm. With his mind able to focus, Jerome looks at Kaden bewildered, with the awareness that he is physically in the Astral. His hands roam his body, confirming that he is physically in the Astral.  
Jerome has visited the Astral many times, as many others have. Generally, only one’s soul enters the Astral and not the body, just as an Astral being can never physically interact with his world. “This is impossible.” 
"Nothing is impossible Jerome."  
Jerome watches as the light stops next to Kaden, a multitude of colors dancing in the light, as if waves on the ocean. The colors begin to form patterns, and shapes. Finally, a large golden dragon forms from the light. 
"What is that?" 
"He is our ride. He will take us to where we need to go," Kaden says, as he mounts the dragon, taking care to pet the dazzling beast. Jerome reluctantly and awkwardly follows. "Where to?" Kaden asks. 
"I don't know how to describe where it is. Surely you know better than most that what humans see in the Astral is more of a feeling,” Jerome shyly admits to Kaden. In truth Jerome knows very little of the Astral.   
For now, I want you to just feel where to go; imagine in as much detail and focus your senses on how they make you feel. Memories are tied to feelings; what it looks like; what it sounds like; what it smells like; what it feels like to touch it." 
Kaden knows that the best way to navigate the Astral realm is by feel. People associate their senses with feelings; it’s easier to remember what a place looks like if you remember your feelings. When Kaden was younger he was quite successful at mapping the Astral because he followed his feelings verses his senses. 
Heeding Kaden’s advice, Jerome closes his eyes and begins to remember in as much detail based on the feeling of the place. At first there are only strong dominating feelings, leading to a blurry picture. Yet, as he focuses harder, Jerome finds that not only are the feelings coming to him in greater detail, but the imagery of the place as well.  
"Once you've got a solid grasp on it, imagine us moving toward it."  
"Okay, I've got it!" Jerome shouts, triumph in his voice. Opening his eyes, he is amazed to see that they are already speeding through the layers of the Astral. Different colored shapes, places, and creatures fly past them in a blur. Jerome laughs as he feels like he is flying without restrictions. “Is this what it feels like for you when you fly? Jerome asks, thrusting his hands upward in pure joy. 
“Similar,” Kaden says, smiling, finding joy in Jerome’s enjoyment. “Remember the Astral is synthetic, it’s a hybrid between the physical world and the spiritual world.” 
“What!” Jerome shouts, turning to face Kaden. His actions however cause him to fall off the dragon into the darkness below – darkness wanting to devour him. As he falls into the nothingness, Jerome feels the ever-growing presence of dark, formless creatures enclosing him. He looks up in desperation, trying to find Kaden, to find hope, to see a shred of light. He feels that hope when he sees Kaden rushing down on the golden dragon, brilliant white light radiating from him, burning the darkness. 
Kaden swoops in underneath Jerome, who grabs Kaden’s outstretched hand.  With a strong pull, Kaden pulls Jerome onto the dragon, returning him to safety. Jerome nervously eyes the remainder of the creatures on the outer edges of light. "Don't worry, they won't be able to touch us," Kaden says, flashing Jerome a smile as their dragon heads up out of the darker levels of the Astral.
As the two continue their flight time begins to lose meaning, seconds turn to minutes, leading to hours, passing to days. All sense of time fades for time does not exist in the Astral, at least not in the way it does outside the Astral. As Kaden and Jerome’s grip on the physical becomes less and less, the Astral becomes more and more real, thus allowing more creatures, places, and even human souls from humans practicing Astral projection, to be seen. Several of the humans – humans being a rare sight in the Astral – wave at Jerome and Kaden as they pass. The two politely return the waves. With the Astral growing in popularity, darkness and despair fade giving way to light, hope, and peace, three things Jerome feels whenever he visits the Astral. 
Finally, the dragon stops, and Kaden quickly hops off and whispers his thanks to the dragon. However, Jerome’s attempt to dismount does not go so well. He stumbles and falls to the ground – causing Kaden, who has seen the whole event unfold, to laugh mercilessly. Gathering himself up and rubbing his cheek to sooth the hurt, and hide his embarrassment, Jerome looks at Kaden sheepishly, “That hurt.”
"Of course, it hurt. You’re here, physically," Kaden responds, watching the dragon fly away. "If you die here it’s no different than if you die in the physical realm, where we just came from. Remember that, it’s important.” 
Kaden's words slip past Jerome, whose gaze is focused on a lost soul several hundred feet away from them, a soul which lost its body, thus leaving it to wander the Astral for all eternity looking for a body. Jerome shivers when he sees the soul. "Is that a lost soul?" 
Kaden nods, while he does his best not to pay the soul attention, purposely turning his back on the creature hoping Jerome will follow suit. Fully knowing the danger of lost souls; Kaden had several encounters with them the first few times he came to the Astral physically.  
Jerome cannot draw his eyes from the soul; he is caught in its allure, its whispering call to him. "Don't look at it Jerome, don't draw its attention!" 
Kaden's words are nothing more than a slight buzz in Jerome’s ear, as if he were a bug flying near his ear. With each beat of Jerome’s heart, Kaden's voice becomes fainter, while the call of the lost soul grows louder.  
The lost soul is in so much pain. It needs help and Jerome can help, he needs to help. The soul needs a body, craves a body and Jerome has one. Jerome must help; the soul is in excruciating agony. 
As Jerome takes a step toward the lost soul, Kaden’s unheard shouts become frantic, shouts that Jerome no longer hears. Jerome is lost in the call of the lost soul; a soul that once belonged in a human body; a soul that cannot return to its body because the body was killed during the projection process destroying the tether that allowed it to return home. Consequently, it is forced to wander the Astral realm indefinitely, looking for a body, which it has found in Jerome – a physical body in the Astral realm that is not protected that it can claim. 
Stretching out a hand the soul reaches for Jerome; it smiles eerily at Jerome. Jerome freezes. Unable to move, the spirit touches him, forcing Jerome's soul to become heavy making it want to sink into nothingness. Panic rises through his body, as he breaks into a cold sweat. Suddenly Jerome remembers a warning he had been given about the lost souls: if the spirit takes over your body, it will be your soul that is lost forever. In his paralysis Jerome is forced to look at the spirit smiling eerily. With each passing moment, Jerome can feel his soul fade into oblivion; not knowing where he is; not knowing what he is; completely disconnected from everything. All Jerome sees is the eerie smile of the lost soul smiling back at him from his body, from his face. That body belongs to him; his soul belongs in his body. “I want my body back! Jerome shrieks. 
Out of the corner of his eye Jerome can see another body. He recognizes it and he can recognize the soul. Kaden, he remembers Kaden. Kaden has a body and Jerome needs a body; he's lost without one. Full of dread and despair his soul hurts; a body will make the pain go away. You have what I need, Jerome thinks as he reaches out for Kaden. Touching Kaden, Jerome pulls his hand back in pain. 
In frustration, Jerome lunges for Kaden, who has a body; it’s his and he needs it. On impact pain rips through Jerome’s soul, giving him the sensation of burning. Staring at Kaden with hate, Jerome thunders, “You have my body!”
"No, I don't Jerome, look…" Kaden extends his hand, pointing to Jerome's body, which is now occupied by another soul. Jerome watches as the lost soul examines its new body. Slowly, a wicked smile overcomes the lost soul’s new face, Jerome's face. 
"That's my body!" Jerome shouts at the soul, which ignores Jerome. 
"Thank you for the new body," The lost soul whispers to Kaden. "Now how do I get out of here?" 
Jerome's soul steps in front of his body. "That's my body." Jerome reaches for his body, but he can't touch it. He reaches again, still he cannot touch it. 
"Leave my friend’s body," Kaden warns, with a voice of authority.  
Jerome suddenly feels a spark of hope; Kaden will fix this. 
"It's my body now," the lost soul says smiling and sending Jerome into hysteria once again. Subsequently Jerome lunges for his old body repeatedly; each time he finds he is unable to touch it and each time he misses he becomes more obsessed, descending into madness. 
"No, it's not," Kaden retorts. 
Jerome pauses; he sees Kaden; Kaden has a body; Jerome needs a body and he lunges at Kaden. The pain of not having a body is driving him insane. 
"Jerome, stop," Kaden holds out his hand, forcing Jerome to stop. "Leave his body now!" 
"It is my body; I will not leave. Take me away from here."  
Jerome looks at the lost soul in his body, again he lunges for it. "Jerome, stop!" Kaden commands, forcing Jerome to freeze, confused. Jerome is driven by his need of a body and there are two in front of him. Yet he knows he needs to let Kaden do what it is he is going to do. 
I must trust Kaden, Jerome thinks to himself. Trusting Kaden gives him hope. 
"Each time you lunge for a new body Jerome, you lose more of who you are," Kaden tells Jerome, turning to the lost soul in Jerome's body, "What’s your name?" 
"Peter." The lost soul smiles, "My name is Peter. I can remember my name, the joys of having a body again." 
Kaden smiles, he sees Peter’s aura, allowing Kaden to see who Peter is, to find Peter's true body. "Peter… that is not your body." 
"Yes, it is," Peter snaps at Kaden. 
An image of a skeleton in an old wooden box, Peter looks at the image curiously. "That is your body Peter that is where you belong." 
"That body is dead. This one is alive." 
"Do you feel peace Peter, or do you still feel the pull to find a body?" 
"I have a body, it's mine," Peter hisses, realizing he still feels the pull for a body. 
"It doesn't feel right does it?" Peter looks at Kaden intensely, challenging him. "That's because it's not your body, it belongs to another" 
"This one is alive, that one is dead," Peter motions his head to the image of the decaying body. 
But this is not your life Peter, yours is over."  
"I can have a new one." 
"And deprive Jerome of his life?" Without changing his gaze, Kaden points to Jerome's soul floating nearby, silently observing everything. Instinctively Peter looks at Jerome, his face becoming pale the moment he realizes his mistake. "Now Jerome, call to him!" 
"What did you do?" Peter screams defiantly, as Jerome steps toward Peter, who is now caught in the trap of a lost soul, the same trap he had set moments before. "This is my body!" 
Jerome reaches out to his own body, his soul filled with a desire to be hole once more. Horrified, Peter tries to step back, unable to move, the call of Jerome’s soul holding him in place. With a steadfast hand, Jerome lightly touches his body and is instantly sucked back into his body. All the dread and despair, along with the agony of being forced from his body, is gone. Through his own ears, not that of his soul, Jerome can hear the shriek of Peter's voice. 
"Give it back!" Peter shouts clawing at Jerome. 
"Jerome keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them!” orders Kaden. Fearing the loss of his body Jerome happily complies, shutting his eyes and placing his hands over them. 
When he realizes that his attempts at regaining the body his soul had just occupied are not working, Peter turns to Kaden, staring at him with an intense furry that would drive a lesser man wild. "You took my body away from me!" 
"That is not your body Peter, this one is," Kaden points to the image. "You do not have the right to another's life." 
"Give me your body!" Peter yells with a blood curtailing scream as he lunges for Kaden. With both hands Kaden grabs Peter’s wrists. Following the path of least resistance Kaden spins Peter around, releasing him with enough force to send Peter through the image, which shatters from the force of contact. 
"Well haven't done that before," Kaden says smugly, wearing a large grin on his face as he dusts his hands at a job well done. "Jerome… You can open your eyes now." 
Jerome opens his eyes, stunned to see Peter's soul standing next to Kaden. "Kaden, next to you." 
Kaden glances over at Peter, and smiles; a smile Peter happily returns. 
"Thank you, I have found peace," he says before he vanishes. 
"Kaden what just happened?" 
Kaden takes a deep breath before he answers. "You got caught in the pull of a lost soul, even though we’ve discussed them before. That lost soul then took over your body, causing you to become a lost soul yourself. I then tricked that soul into looking at you, so you could take over your own body. To do that I had to find the lost soul’s body, to distract him, and call him back to it, which would then allow it to find peace. This is enough to distract him, which is why Peter looked at you are allowing you to instinctively trap his soul in your web, just as a spider catches a fly. I then threw, quite impressively I might add, Peter back toward his body, enabling him to properly pass over from the Astral Realm. Now he'll be able to reincarnate and start a new life." 
"That's all?" Jerome flashes a smile. Kaden never ceases to impress and amaze Jerome. "I'm glad I'm on your side." 
"What's going on here?" comes a large booming voice. The spirit of Thetis appears standing next to Jerome shortly after the words fade. 

Chapter 2

With a nervous intensity Jerome gazes at Thetis, his mother from another life, a time when he was Achilles, a direct hybrid – the result of an Annunaki marrying and having a child with a human. Because of multiple reincarnations, the genetic capabilities and markers of the Annunaki have become dormant in people like Jerome, abilities he is beginning to understand. Whereas, Kaden is the exception; his genetics, his senses, his understanding and capabilities are moving forward at a frightening pace.
The burning question in the back of Jerome’s mind, a question his mother constantly avoids, is whether she is still an Annunaki. Every time they met in the Astral she always appears as a tall, human woman, with fiery red hair, dark skin, and hazel eyes. 
"Hello Mother," Jerome smiles at Thetis, who moves to quickly embrace her son, making sure to never remove her suspicious gaze from Kaden, an enemy of the Annunaki. 
Thetis pushes Jerome away quickly, to get a better look at her son. Unable to place what is wrong with him; his vibrational energy is slightly different. She knows her son, a son she has secretly been seeing in the Astral, despite warnings from her leaders: stop all contact with humans, unless directly sanctioned by Shamash and Enki.  
After several seconds of looking over her son, it finally dawns on her that it is not just his soul standing in front of her, but his physical body. Inwardly Thetis feels embarrassed for not making the realization immediately. Kaden Hunt’s appearance is throwing her off. Still, there is no excuse for not realizing Jerome has physically entered the Astral realm, the hybrid realm that is a mix of the physical and spiritual dimensions – origin unknown. The Annunaki, however, are very adept on using it to their advantage, to increase their power and knowledge. "How are you here?" Thetis asks, with reserved amazement, knowing how difficult it is for even the most skilled Annunaki to enter the Astral realm with their physical bodies. 
"Him," Jerome indicates backwards with his head toward Kaden, who is leaning against the light pole with his arms crossed. Kaden has complete confidence in the situation. He is in control. 
Gently pushing past Jerome Thetis slowly circles Kaden, studying him, her eyes trying to dissect him. "You are physically here as well? You’re human, yet I cannot read your aura, I cannot see into your soul. Why?" 
Kaden smiles at her, "I don't want you to." 
"Such abilities are below your kind," Thetis states, with a tone of dismissal. She tries to decide whether she should be intrigued by Kaden or alarmed that one of such low standing can achieve what he has obviously achieved. Her people know of Kaden, know he is farther ahead than any human. Yet they do not know to what extent. Or is it that humans are farther along in their abilities, in their knowledge, in their evolution than the Annunaki believe. It has been thousands of years since the Annunaki openly walked among the humans. Now they keep their presence a secret, only allowing their governments to know that the Annunaki exist. 
"Yet I'm standing right here, and with someone you claim to be your son." Kaden points toward Jerome who is watching with nervous anticipation the interaction between Thetis and Kaden. He has never seen Thetis behave this way, displaying a side he has never seen before, in any of his lifetimes.  
"Humans have no right being here," Thetis states candidly, forcing herself to hide her own curiosity.  
"By whose authority?" Jerome asks, offended and annoyed at his mother’s attitude. How can his mother be conducting herself in such a manner? She has always shown him love and respect, yet now she is showing distain and superiority. 
Thetis turns around; her voice becomes soft as she speaks to Jerome. "Not you, you have every right to be here." 
"Yet he is human,” Kaden points out as he pushes himself off the light pole with a nudge of his shoulder. Jerome begins to wonder what game Kaden is playing. Does he not realize who they are talking to? His mother is a goddess, she is powerful, and she can kill Kaden. 
“He is a demigod, part human, part god.” Thetis counters, as if her explanation is enough of an answer. 
Kaden looks to Jerome; a look Jerome recognizes. Kaden is up to something. Something Jerome might not like. Is Kaden asking permission? As if reading Jerome's mind, Kaden raises an eyebrow. Jerome smiles, and gives Kaden a slight nod to continue. Through their years of friendship, Kaden has more than once earned Jerome’s complete trust. 
"He's not one anymore."  
"Once a demigod; always a demigod." Thetis replies with a mixture of pride and arrogance. She is Annunaki, she is above any human. She should not have to explain herself, let alone debate with a human. 
“By association, once a murderer, torturer, slaver, you are always one. Meaning all the Annunaki are still guilty of the crimes they have committed against humanity.” 
"Kaden Hunt!" Thetis hisses, as if the mention of his name is poison to her lips. “I have had enough of you; you are a stain on my people. You have drawn the attention of us all, we will come for you.” 
Kaden smiles as Thetis has let her emotions get the best of her, she has lost control. 
"Why do you associate yourself with such filth Achilles?" Thetis asks Jerome. 
"The man saved my life, more than once." 
"From a hunter hound in fact," Kaden adds. 
Thetis whips her head around to Kaden, "What lies do you speak? No hound would ever be sent after my child." 
"It's true. Three years back when I first remembered who I was, am, that night a hound came for me. It would have killed me if Kaden had not shown up and saved me." Jerome tells his mother as he slowly reaches out to her, gently touching her arm and calming her. "If Kaden had not shown up, the hound would have killed me. Since that time Kaden has shown me how to hide myself, how to make sure that no hound will ever be able to find me." 
Thetis pauses, thinking on what she has just heard. Her son would not lie to her, yet Kaden is the sworn enemy of the Annunaki, her people – some of which are rumored to secretly side with Kaden.  With each of his victories, no matter how small, she hears more whispers of Annunaki sympathizing with Kaden, wanting to help the humans, to hold them as equals not as slaves. 
"Then I owe you my thanks. I was led to believe that my Achilles would be safe. I made sure he would not be harmed." With each word Thetis speaks, her hostility decreases. "It appears I owe you a debt, a debt I must repay. What can I give you?" She spits the words out as if they are venomous.  
"I need information, an answer to a question," Kaden tells her, unfolding his arms. 
"I will not betray my people Kaden Hunt; you are still our enemy." 
"And yet I just saved Jerome from becoming a lost soul," Kaden tells her. 
Jerome is beginning to wonder if that was part of Kaden's plan. Kaden has a knack for using people to get what he wants. He has seen it before; he has been a part of it before. 
"I will not betray my people Kaden Hunt," Thetis again states, this time sounding as if she is trying to convince herself. 
"All I want is information, two questions for two debts," Kaden tells her. 
"Very well. What is your first question?" 
"Have Enki and Shamash united against me?" For the first time since Jerome has known Kaden, he can hear fear in Kaden's voice. The Annunaki have been divided following either Enki or Shamash. Those who follow Enki, believe in humanity’s potential, yet think it best to lead humanity slowly to their potential. While those who follow Shamash think humanity to be nothing more than animals to deal with however they see fit. Seeing Thetis’ actions, Jerome is beginning to worry that his mother belongs to Shamash’s group, the crueler of the two evils. He also knows that if they have united against Kaden, it will be trouble for both Kaden and humanity.  
"Yes, they have united against you. You have drawn their full wrath. They are coming for you with everything they have. You will be captured, be made an example of, and never allowed to die." 
"What can I do?" Kaden asks his voice no more than a whisper. For the first time in this life, the only life he can remember, he is afraid. If both Shamash and Enki are after him, are sending more powerful agents after him, and want to make sure that he will not die, then there is no escape. "I cannot stop fighting, abandon humanity nor give up. I am The Traveler. It is my mission."
Thetis whips her head around at the mention of The Traveler. "How do you know that name, that title?" Thetis asks with a ferocious intensity that surprises even Kaden. 
"Because it is my title, name, and who I am," Kaden tells her. He may not remember past lives, but he does know that his mission is to save humanity. He knows who he is, and what he is destined to do and to be, even if no one else knows, or remembers. He is The Traveler; he will free humanity and then explore the multiverse.
Thetis moves to Kaden, picking him up by the neck she as she grows to three times her size. He feels her presence, her energy pushing against his, trying to read his aura. Kaden's right hand quickly becomes enveloped in soft blue light. Chopping down, Thetis’ hand disappears; she lets out an agonizing cry of surprise and pain. With her hand gone, Kaden drops to the ground. 
Upon hitting the ground Kaden quickly rolls to disperse the effects of the fall and to avoid the light ball Thetis flings his way. Looking over at Jerome, Kaden waves a hand causing his friend to quickly disappear.
"What did you do?" Thetis yells in worry over her son. 
"I made sure he would not get hurt," Kaden then throws his own light ball at Thetis, who tries to knock the ball away with the back of her remaining hand only to have the ball stick to it and begin to grow; moving up her arm and over her chest, whatever skin it touches, begins to boil.  
"What are you doing?" Thetis screams in shock and panic. 
"I'm burning your soul, slowly." Kaden tells her, his face devoid of all expression. As he has done with so many others including Jamison, Kaden steels his emotions, allowing him to do what needs to be done.
 
Thetis falls to her knees, shrinking back to her normal size. Despite all the Annunaki training to endure pain, this pain surpasses that training. "Please, no, Traveler. Please stop. It hurts, my soul hurts. I've never felt such pain." Thetis begins to cry. 

Kaden snaps his fingers, halting the spread of the light. Within a few moments the light begins to reverse course, leaving scarred remains. Eventually the light vanishes, leaving Thetis with burn marks covering her soul. Kaden knows that eventually her soul will heal; it will be painful, each living moment she will be in agony. Eventually she should recover. 

On her knees and head bowed, allowing emotion to trickle back in Kaden approaches her. Lifting her downcast head and looking into her tear-filled eyes, Kaden lightly kisses her forehead, sending red energy into her to help the healing of her soul. Her eyes widened in relief as the pain disappears. Remembering what it was like to feel his own soul burn, Kaden asks with a somber voice, “Why did you attack me?”

"I wanted to read your aura, to see if what you say is true. I needed to focus, to see you up close, to distract you to get through your defenses."
"Look now," as Kaden lowers his guard surrounding his aura, a brilliant display of lights envelops and blinds both Thetis and Kaden, until Kaden once again hides his aura. 
"You speak the truth, you are The Traveler," Thetis whispers in awe and amazement. To the Annunaki their greatest hero, the Traveler, has been dead… gone… lost… until now. Now he is standing in front of her.
"I know this, now answer my second question, what can I do about Enki and Shamash?" Kaden fought to keep his joy hidden; someone else has confirmed who he thought he was; who he knows he is. And she is an Annunaki.
Thetis ignores him, “We were told you were dead, that you had abandoned us. The others, once they know you have returned, they will fall in line and the new war with the Orionites will take a turn for the better.” Thetis looks at Kaden pleading with him, knowing that if he came back, his former reputation as the Traveler will drive the Orionites away. Yet the most powerful being in the universe, is a lowly human.
"I don’t know what you are talking about; please answer my question.” Thetis looks at Kaden surprised and confused. “I remember nothing of my previous lives, except that I am The Traveler and that I must fight for humanity; even though I may not be as powerful as I once was. Please tell me what can I do?"  
Thetis looks at Kaden with concern and pity; he is not nearly as powerful as when he had been an Annunaki. "While you may be powerful, there is nothing you can do. Shamash and Enki are more powerful than you. They will capture you and force you to watch as they bring about another apocalypse." 
"So, then I must continue to fight and grow stronger." 
Thetis looks up at Kaden. As she is about to answer she again screams in pain while disappearing.  
Out of nowhere the dragon which had brought both Jerome and Kaden to where Kaden now stands appears, forcibly pulling Kaden back to the physical world and away from the danger that would consume him. 

Chapter 3

Jerome paces around the empty bar, the morning sunlight beginning to shine through the stained-glass windows. The world outside is just beginning to wake up, cars honking their horns, pedestrians walking to the local cafés for breakfast. They do not have a care in the world. They know nothing of how their elected officials have betrayed them, kept the population as slaves.  
Humanity’s history erased, everything they have learned or gone through, and any progress they have made is progress that the Annunaki allowed them. They are controlled. Humanity has no choice.  
In a blinding white light Kaden flashes into the bar. Jerome races over to catch him before he can hit the ground. Jerome gently sets an unconscious Kaden on the ground. Fear races through Jerome. Is Kaden even breathing? Has his mother hurt him? Placing his head to Kaden's chest, he feels Kaden’s' heart beat slowly. 
"Just because there's a heartbeat doesn’t mean he is breathing," Jerome says aloud to himself, something he remembers from a past life. He shoots up and runs to the bar. Blindly searching Jerome finally finds what he is looking for. 
Racing back to Kaden, Jerome places the stainless-steel knife below Kaden’s nose. A small amount of fog appears on the knife, allowing Jerome to breathe a heavy sigh of relief. Kaden is alive. 
With the first order of business, deciding if Kaden is alive or not, out of the way Jerome's mind begins to race. What has happened? Is his mother okay? Is he in danger? Too many questions, not enough answers.  
He is out of his league, while he may have gleaned a bit of information, and a few useful techniques, he knows nothing compared to Kaden. With the power Kaden can wield, he could rule the world. That is only using the abilities that Jerome knows about. Kaden has already displayed what he can do and knows a lot more. There is much Jerome does not know and cannot do. 
However,he does know of someone who does. Jerome quickly releases that thought. If he calls her, Kaden very well might kill him. 
But, the fear Jerome has seen in Kaden's eyes at the mention of Enki and Shamash… their names seem familiar. Kaden has spoken about them several times, but Jerome cannot recall anything about them. Beings that can scare Kaden, a man who can move objects with his mind, be shot with bullets and heal himself within seconds, does not age, may very well live forever, these are beings to be concerned about.
Jerome needs help. Although Kaden might not like it she is the one person who can help.  
Jerome makes his way to the phone tucked behind the counter. His hands shake as he lifts the handset. Slowly pressing each button Jerome begins to break out in a sweat. He isn't afraid of who he is calling, he is afraid of what Kaden will do if he founds out. Please wake up, Jerome thinks. 
"Hello," comes the soft alluring voice of a woman on the other end. Jerome doesn't answer, he just breaths hard into the phone. "Jerome, I have caller I.D. I know it's you." 
"It's Kaden; he's in trouble," Jerome slowly says. 
Several long seconds pass before Jerome hears a reply. "I'm on my way. Don't tell Kaden." The phone clicks as the woman on the other end hangs up while it takes Jerome a few moments to hang up.  
Kaden coughs, giving Jerome a much-needed distraction from his thoughts, hoping that he has made the right decision to call the “nameless” one. 
Kaden coughs again; his eyes open. Trying to push himself up he finds he is unable to move. The world spinning, long moments pass until his eyesight clears enough for him to recognize where he is. "Jerome," Kaden whispers. 
Jerome rushes to him with a glass of water. Tilting Kaden's head up a little he places the glass on Kaden's lips. "Drink slowly." 
After a few sips Kaden begins to cough hysterically. Jerome instinctively pulls the glass away. Kaden grabs Jerome's hand however, pulling the glass back to his lips; he drinks the water as fast as he can, with a good deal of it running down his chin. 
When the water is gone Kaden fully sits up. Staring at nothing he tries to organize his thoughts. The last few seconds he can remember are a blur, but he knows what he has to do, at least he thinks he does. The answer came to him right before he blacked out. It was more of a realization. Now he has a direction, a path forward. He hates not having a direction, not knowing where to go or what to do. 
He understands that occasionally he needs to slow down, to let answers come to him. With the events of the last sixteen hours, he’s never taken the time to organize his thoughts, to process what has happened.  
In the seconds where time did not exist between the Astral realm and the physical world, Kaden sees the connection he should have seen before. The night prior when Kaden had first seen the woman, everything changed. After he had returned home from the park Jamison had tried to kill him, as Jamison shouted nonsense about Enki and Shamash joining together to try and kill Kaden. What Kaden considers the most important piece of information, is that another confirmed what he knows in his heart. He is The Traveler.
Jerome coughs, bringing Kaden out of his thoughts; he has to find that woman, which is what he has to do next. He can feel it in his soul, a pull toward her.
When Kaden finally looks up at Jerome, he sees a flicker in Jerome’s aura. Kaden tilts his head to the side in curiosity, Jerome is hiding something. Kaden pulls himself up using a nearby round bar table for support. As Kaden pulls himself up, Jerome instinctively backs away, afraid. Kaden's eyes narrow as he focuses; Jerome's aura begins to reveal itself. He may have taught Jerome to hide his aura, but Kaden can still find a way to read it. When Kaden finally finds what he is looking for, utter dread and shock race through him. What has Jerome done? 
"What did you do?" Kaden takes a step toward Jerome, anger filling every ounce of his athletic body.  
"I didn't know what else to do Kaden, believe me I wouldn't have if I felt I had another option. There was no way of knowing when or if you would get up. My mind was racing, trying to process everything that had happened." 
"Of all the people, you called her." Jerome is lifted off the ground at the same time Kaden reaches for Jerome’s neck. Kaden is choking him. 
"Kaden I'm sorry, please stop." 
Kaden can feel his rage seething, of all the people he could call, Jerome calls her. Every bone in his body screams for blood; Jerome betrayed him; he needs to die. 
Suddenly the bell at the front door of the bar rings and Kaden turns around. Jerome immediately drops to the ground, gasping for breath, his face white. 
A tall slender woman with curly blonde hair down to her shoulders walks into the bar wearing a floral white summer dress. She tries to peek around the man at the center of the room. She could have sworn she just saw a man levitating off the ground, being joked, similar to those awful movies – movies she can’t remember the titles to. 
Focusing back on the man at the center of the room she realizes it is him… the man from the night before; the man she has been hoping to find and see again; the man who can possibly save her people. Her eyes narrow. Who is he? Why is he here? 
"You," Kaden says, the joy from his own voice surprising him, since mere seconds before he wanted to kill Jerome, needed to kill Jerome. 
"Babe I think I know where we are," comes a voice from a man in his late twenties. He walks into the bar with his back turned to everyone, wearing a light grey sweater and tan pants. 
Tilting his head in surprise when the man turns around, Kaden feels his teeth clench and three red Tulpas appear indicating extreme danger – an occurrence Kaden has never seen before. These Tulpas are Astral creatures Kaden has created to warn him if any danger appears, with the color and number indicating the intensity of the danger. 
When the man turns around he drops the two coffees he is holding. The man's hair looks like fire. His eyes are black. "Alysha, what's going on?" the man asks. 
"I don't know." Alysha replies. She sees both men looking at each other with daggers in their eyes.  
"Who is he?" the man asks again. 
"I don't know," Alysha replies.  
Kaden squeezes his hands, his teeth still clenched. The warning is obvious. He can’t ignore it. But he knows nothing of who the man is, let alone the fact that he is with the very woman he needs to find and who has found him instead.  
Jerome rubs his throat as he walks up next to Kaden. "Kaden… who are these people?" 
Kaden looks at him, the stern looks on his face fades when he realizes what he had been doing to Jerome. It wasn't the first time he had been filled with so much rage that it blinded him. "Jerome, I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me." 
Jerome forces a laugh, while trying to play it cool. "I'm the one who is sorry. Now who are these two?" 
All four look at each other awkwardly until Alysha makes the first move. "I'm Alysha Ridley, and this is my boyfriend Raze Gron." She shoots Kaden a look warning him to not mention anything of the night before. "We somehow got lost." 
Kaden took the hint, easily allowing him to slip into a confident Kaden. He leans back against a nearby bar table, his tight white shirt bunching a little. He greets both with a smile. "I'm Kaden, and this is Jerome." 
As all four look at each other only Kaden looks amused. The others want to vacate the premises, to leave. 
A minute passes as the tension builds. Kaden runs his hand through his oily hair, which leads him to realize he needs a shower. Jerome pretends something at the bar needs his attention and Alysha steps into the middle of both Kaden and Raze.  
"What about a drink?" Kaden breaks the silence. Bringing his hands together and points them at Jerome. "Something hard Jerome, I think he can use it." Kaden points behind him at Raze. 
"In the morning?" Alysha askes, taken back a bit by Kaden's easy demeanor. 
"We have places to be," is Raze’s response. 
"On a Saturday?" Kaden mocks. "Going to a pottery class?" Kaden laughs. 
Jerome can sense the rising tension. Grabbing four shot glasses and a bottle of whiskey, Jerome looks down at the tiny glasses. With as much tension as Raze is radiating, he will need something bigger. Jerome puts the shot glasses down and grabs full size glasses, along with another bottle. Kaden might not get drunk, but it doesn't mean Jerome can't. 
Jerome puts the glasses down and begins to pour making sure his has the most. Kaden quickly picks up his glass, followed by Jerome; the pair clank their glasses together before they quickly down the contents. Jerome pours another round emptying the bottle. "Let me get another." 
"Will you two not have a drink or are you in such a hurry?" Kaden asks, as he points to the two glasses full of a clear whiskey. 
Alysha moves to the table and picks up the glass, quickly downing its content.  
Kaden nods in approval, a woman who can handle her liquor is impressive; especially one as attractive as Alysha. 
Alysha looks back at Raze who is still standing in the doorway, glaring at Kaden. "Get over here and have a drink!" Alysha demands.  
Reluctantly Raze makes his way over to the glasses just as Jerome arrives. Raze grabs the bottle of whiskey from Jerome and begins to drink, surprising even Alysha, who had never seen Raze behave this way. 
"I'll get another," Jerome says turning around and heading back to the bar. 
Kaden feels a bit of temptation to show off, it wouldn’t take much. He could float a few bottles over toward them. Still, with the warning of his Tulpas, he thinks better of the idea. "Jerome, bring the Vodka, this man looks like he can use some hair on his chest."  
Jerome laughs, "You don't have any hair on your chest Kaden." 
"Fair enough," Kaden replies. 
Raze slams the bottle down, shattering it and causing Alysha to jump. "Thank you for the drinks. I'm afraid we need to get going." Raze grabs Alysha by the arm and begins to pull her to the door. When they are both several steps away with their backs to Kaden, Kaden closes the door with a wave of his hand. 
"Look at that, wind or something," Kaden smiles at them. 
"Yeah the wind," Raze responds through gritted teeth. 
Jerome makes his way to Kaden with a full bottle of Vodka, at the rate they are going he will be out of stock, and out of business.  
"Raze honey, maybe we're meant to be here," Alysha steps in Kaden’s direction. He is an intriguing mystery. 
Kaden looks to Jerome, who is pouring another round. He suddenly remembers what Jerome had done, who he called. She is on her way and Kaden wants to avoid her, or else he might find another decade evaporated with wild partying, sex, and drugs. With everything going on Kaden cannot lose focus. He has already stunted his growth a decade with her. What would she cause him to do now? "Jerome, the appointment you made, when is it?" 
"I… honestly do not know," Jerome replies. “Where is she living now? It’s for whenever she gets here.” 
“If you're busy, we'll be more than happy to get going," Raze states flatly. It is obvious to everyone he hates Kaden, which intrigues Kaden. How can you hate someone you've never met? 
Raze takes a step forward, his vision blurred, before he can take another step he falls to the ground. "It seems someone cannot handle their alcohol," Kaden laughs. Jerome gives Kaden a look; he knows Kaden has done something to Raze. Kaden simply shrugs and smiles. 
Alysha looks down at a sleeping Raze, surprised. He didn’t have that much to drink, did he? When she looks up at Kaden, he shrugs and gives a half smile. "Now what I want to know is where you went last night?" Kaden asks. 
Alysha can feel her head start to buzz. Has she had too much to drink also? How strong was that alcohol? 
Alysha feels the world around her beginning to spin. She needs to sit down. The feeling of falling follows, only to abruptly stop with Kaden catching her. "I don't need you passing out on me," Kaden then places a flat hand several inches away from her mouth. He then pulls his hand up and folds it. Repeating the process several times, Alysha can feel her head begin to clear. "You really need to learn to keep your liquor better Ms. Ridley."
Alysha looks up into Kaden's eyes. They are a deep dark blue that have seen a lot and that have been hurt even more. In a few seconds Kaden puts Alysha down, her head clear. "What did you do?" She asks only to have him shrug.  
"What happened last night? I thought I told you to follow me?" Kaden asks, his casual demeanor gone, replaced with worry. 
"A strange man, with a strange beast, asks me to follow him in the dark, why would I follow you?" Alysha asks, folding her arms. 
Kaden frowns, she had a point. Still when he tells people to follow him, when they see what she saw, they do. "I knew something you didn't." 
"Kaden what is going on?" Jerome interrupts. 
Before Kaden can answer, Alysha chimes in. "Last night in the city park off 6th Street, I saw what Kaden over here said was a hunter hound. He scared the hound off, told me to follow him, and ran off." 
"So, she's one of us?" Jerome asks. 
"First off Jerome, I'm not one of you. Second, the hound wasn't after her. It ran passed her, paused turned back and saw her."  
Jerome turns to Alysha, "And you saw the hound?" 
"Yes." 
Jerome whistles, "That's pretty amazing." 
"Right?" Kaden replies, "Afterward, Jamison tries to kill me. And, well you know the rest." 
"Wait, what?" Alysha asks. "Someone tried to kill you?" 
Kaden waved it off, "If someone isn't trying to kill me it's an off week." 
"Or the 1980's," Jerome retorts. 
"What?" 
Kaden shoots Jerome a look that could melt ice. Jerome takes a step back. It is hard to tell when to be quite and when to talk with Kaden. "That's not important," Kaden says turning to Alysha. "What is why are you here?" 
Alysha bites her lip. She can’t tell him that she came looking for him, can she? "Raze and I are out on a date." 
Kaden laughs hard, causing tears to form in his eyes. Alysha looks at him annoyed; she waits patiently for him to stop laughing. "What's so funny?" 
Bending over, as his stomach is starting to hurt, Kaden keeps laughing. Suddenly, he stands erect. His face becomes serious. In an instant he is beside Alysha, grabbing her arm and pulling her toward the back door. "We've got to go, now." 
"What… where?" 
"Listen we've got twenty-three seconds until absolute trouble walks through that front door," Kaden states continuing to pull Alysha in the direction of the back door and the rear ally. 
"What about Raze?" Alysha asks. 
"What about him? He's a traitor."  
Jerome and Kaden look at each other in surprise. 
"Was that a past life memory?" Jerome asks. 
 "I think so," Kaden replies, still pulling Alysha. If it is what Kaden and Jerome think it is, perhaps Kaden is beginning to remember his past lives.  
Alysha pulls her arm away. "I'm not just leaving Raze." 
"Go, I'll stay," Jerome tells Kaden who grabs Alysha by the arm again and pulls.  
When Kaden and Alysha step into the back alley, Kaden can hear her voice – the voice of the woman he almost killed Jerome for calling. It melts his heart. He wants to run back into the bar, pick her up by the waste and kiss her. He knows he can’t, as the last time he was with her he killed a thousand Men, Women, and Children so she could have her own island in the Caribbean.  
Kaden can’t take a chance of her bursting into the back alley; pulling Alysha to him, the two vanish. 

Chapter 4

Alysha's head swirls; the room around her grows fuzzy until everything goes black. Kaden sighs as it happened to him the first time he transported; even now he can feel a slight dizziness at the back of his head. The transporters were designed for the Annunaki, not humans. Still he pushes the dizziness away, choosing to focus on Alysha as she hangs limp in his arms. Although a lesser man might take advantage of such a beauty, Kaden is not a lesser man as he considers himself far above most. Yet, he often finds himself wanting to be a lesser person with no responsibility. Life would be simpler. 
Kaden places Alysha on the small bed in the safe house located in a small town in Ireland. Maps of Ireland and small nearby islands hang on the wall. Stories from years past lay on a small desk with a computer sitting on it. For several years Kaden has been attempting to find Hy-Brasil, a mythical island off the coast of Ireland. He feels drawn to it; he needs to get there; answers are there. It’s been an obsession, his most recent one.  
He doesn't know what he will find on the island. However, he is hoping to find advanced alien technology, technology that can aid him in his fight. This would not be the first time he has found advanced technology. An earlier find enables him to transport himself around the world to different teleportation hubs he has created.
Moving to a small closet, Kaden begins to scrounge through the clothes he has, mostly the same theme, black pants, white short sleeved t-shirt, and a black leather jacket. Picking an older leather jacket made of genuine leather Kaden takes his shirt off. Smelling himself, he scrunches his nose; he needs a shower. 
Alysha blinks quickly. She is on a bed which is not her own. It is a rather uncomfortable bed. As she gains more clarity and focus, she hears the shower turn off. Where is she? 
Just then Kaden walks out of the small bathroom wearing nothing as water drips down his toned chest. Alysha reluctantly looks away. "Throw something on please." 
Kaden flashes her a smile. "Don't like what you see?"  
Alysha blushes as she takes a quick peak at Kaden putting his clothes on.  
When he finishes he pulls up a chair, places it in front of Alysha, and sits. Alysha in turn sits up, placing her back against the wall. "Where are we?" 
"Ireland." 
"Right… and I am the queen of Sheba."  
"Really?" Kaden asks, cocking his head at a slight angle in curiosity, something Alysha has noticed he tends to do when he is intrigued – a habit like the one she is looking for. "Have we met in another life? I can't remember my past lives."  
Alysha scowls at him, while she tries to decide how to respond. Past lives, only extremists in various religions believe in reincarnation. What religion is he a part of? "There's no such thing as past lives," Alysha says, as she crosses her arms, rather supremely. 
"That's your opinion. It’s your life I can't tell you how to live it." 
Points. Alysha thinks. 
"I can't remember any of mine." 
"How do you know that reincarnation is real?" 
"Somethings you just know." 
"Faith?" 
"Faith is a belief in something, knowing is knowing." It sounds funny, but Kaden just does not have a better way to explain it. 
"Well fine, if you want to believe something you cannot prove to be true, believe it. Can you explain: where we are; why we are here; and why I am with you?" 
“Well, actually I can prove it. Just as I've taken many people to view their past lives, I can take you to view yours," Kaden tells her rather convincingly. "We can travel backward through your timeline. However, I would not recommend doing so as most of what you'll see will confuse you." 
Alysha frowns. 
"As to where and why we are here, that’s easy. We’re in Ireland, as was stated before, in a friend’s basement. Why… although easy it’s a rather long story for perhaps a different time." 
A loud pounding at the door draws Kaden's attention. "It looks like our host knows I'm here." Kaden gets up and moves to the metal door where he enters a pin on the near-by keypad. Alysha hears a click and the door pops open several inches. Pulling the door open reveals an antique wood door on the other side. 
A rather attractive redhead, wearing farm clothes, bursts into the room. "You didn't tell me you were coming Kaden. I would have made myself more attractive." The woman teases as she leans in to kiss Kaden, who pulls himself back. The woman looks up at Kaden a bit hurt and surprised.  
"Am I not attractive anymore?" The shorter woman looks past Kaden to see Alysha sitting on the bed. "Of all the disrespectful things you can do Kaden, you brought another woman into my house. How could you?”
“Why doesn't she have an Irish accent?" Alysha notices. 
"What are you talking about; I have a perfectly normal accent, as you have a perfectly normal Irish accent," the woman tells Alysha as she turns away to look at Kaden. "If you are looking for a bit of fun you did not have to go with some crazy woman. I still have the chains and whips from last year, waiting for you." 
At that Alysha raises her eyebrows, questioning Kaden. Kaden only blushes in response. 
"About the accent?" Alysha repeats. 
"One of my abilities allows me to reprogram your respective brains to translate whatever language and accent you naturally speak. This allows each of you to consequently hear your natural tongue coming from the other woman," Kaden explains.
The redhead twitched her mouth about, as if she were swishing something around in it, pondering what Kaden was saying. "Sounds reasonable to me." 
Without a word the redhead and Kaden leave the room. Alysha hesitates and pulls her phone out. She scrolls through her contacts until she finds Raze, who she quickly sends a text message to: 'In Ireland, follow these coordinates.' Once the message is sent, Alysha puts her phone away and goes upstairs. 
At the top of the stairs, Alysha feels like she has traveled back through time to an old farm house, similar to the ones she and her family had gone to every summer until she turned thirteen.
"What city girl? Is my home to plain for you?" The redhead spits out, her body language clearly displaying aggression and jealousy toward Alysha. 
For his part Kaden is sitting on a small chair looking over a map and a record from an old sailor who had supposedly seen Hy-Brasil.  
"You can call me Alysha," Alysha tells the woman, offering a friendly smile. 
The woman gives a quick snort, before she goes outside. 
Alysha begins to wander around, taking in the small, quaint house, separated from modern day life. It is a place like this Alysha thought she could eventually retire to.  
Eventually her eyes end up on Kaden, who seems to be lost in his map. Alysha studies him; he is certainly attractive, actually very attractive. He isn't too tall – a bit over six foot – well-muscled, though not overly muscled. He has no scars or blemishes; his complexion is perfect. 
Subconsciously Alysha takes several steps forward until she is mere inches away from Kaden studying his skin. It is perfect, as if his picture had been edited for a magazine. 
"You can touch my skin if you want," Kaden tells Alysha, causing her to jump slightly. She cannot pass this opportunity up. His skin is perfect, something every woman dreams of. Just as she is about to touch his skin, Kaden turns and bites at her. Alysha immediately pulls her hand back in surprise as Kaden laughs. 
Realizing she is the blunt end of a joke Alysha playfully hits Kaden. "That's not nice," she tells him flirtatiously.  
"It was funny," is all Kaden replies, returning to his map. 
Moving behind him, she starts to study the map. "I know that place," Alysha blurts out. 
Kaden looks up at her, into her light green eyes, eyes he can almost recognize. "You know it?" 
"I saw something about it on a T.V. show Raze likes to watch," Alysha replies. 
"I saw that episode. It’s what got me started on my search. I actually ended up lost at sea for several weeks looking for that blasted island." 
Alysha raises an eyebrow to question him.  
Before Kaden can answer, Ms. Redhead walks in carrying a feathered chicken. Alysha scowls.  
"Vegetarian city girl?" the woman laughs while she makes her way to the kitchen. 
Alysha finds a small stool and sits in front of Kaden.  
A few minutes pass. Alysha can hear the woman working in the kitchen. Kaden is still focusing on his map.  
Without looking up Kaden tells Alysha, "Don't mind her, she's just jealous."  
"Why?" 
"She likes to think that she is the only one for me, that I'm only hers." 
Alysha gives Kaden a funny look, "Are you married?" 
Kaden shakes his head, "I've never been married." 
"Then why does she?" 
"She just thinks she's all I need." 
The redhead stands tapping her foot with her arms crossed. Alysha has to admit she is an attractive woman. "I'm all you need; I'm more than enough for you Kaden Hunt." 
"I'm not the type to settle down; I've always needed to travel." 
"Right, because you are The Traveler," the redhead turns around on her heels, returning to the kitchen. 
"What did she say?" Alysha asks, looking at Kaden as if she is trying to dissect him. 
"Something for another time," Kaden pushes himself up. "Alana, how long until dinner is ready?" 
"An hour, unless you do your little trick," came Alana's response.  
Kaden smiles, he knew that was what she had been waiting for. She loved to see him demonstrate his abilities. Moving to the kitchen, he sees the chicken on a chipped white platter, decoratively surrounded by potatoes and marinated in what he thought and hoped to be a blackberry sauce. 
Alana moves out of the way, her arms still folded and her foot tapping. She is angry, Kaden thinks.  
Rubbing both of his hands together, Kaden places them on each side of the platter.  
Alysha peeks around to see what Kaden is doing. She only sees that his hands are glowing red. She can smell the chicken cooking; she must admit it smells good enough to make her mouth water. 
Kaden takes a step back shaking his hands. Alysha sees that the chicken appears to be perfectly cooked. 
Alana smiles as she walks passed Kaden. She rubs her hand on Kaden's chest, causing Alysha to feel a pang of jealousy at the gesture. She turns away, avoiding the look Kaden and Alana share.  

Chapter 5
Alysha pulls the covers up over her. Kaden has given her his room in the basement. He kept insisting that he will be sleeping on the floor; she still thinks that he might be sharing a room with Alana. The thought makes her instantly jealous, a feeling that confuses her, since she already has a boyfriend. A boyfriend part of her hopes is coming for her now, to whisk her away.
A small knock comes at the wooden door. Alysha has left the metal door open and the wooden one closed.  
Hoping the knock is from Kaden, she quickly gets out of bed, wearing an overly large gray T-shirt that only slightly covers her panties. The T-shirt is the only gray shirt Kaden has. “What is it with black and white shirts?” she ponders – something she would have to change. Kaden isn't hers she reminds herself. She has no right to change him. Women really do want to change all men. Alysha thinks to herself.
Alysha runs her hands through her hair to straighten it out, before opening the door she quickly checks her breath. Looking in at herself in the computer monitor several times, Alysha thinks she looks attractive enough. 
"I'm not Kaden," Alana's voice brings bitter disappointment. She wanted it to be Kaden, but why? What is it about Kaden that attracts her so; that jump starts her pulse?  
Alysha turns around, trying not to show she is disappointed. "I wasn’t expecting…,"  
Alana holds up her hand stopping Alysha. Alana begins to rummage through the room. She is paying attention to a map. "I don't like you; it's nothing personal." 
"I don't care." 
"Kaden has this obsession with Hy-Brasil, it keeps him around." 
Alana places a finger on the map, several inches from a circle surrounding 'Hy-Brasil'. She then moves to the closet where she begins rummaging through Kaden's clothes. Pulling out a handgun and inspecting it, Alana points it at Alysha, who does not flinch. Even after cocking the gun Alysha still doesn’t budge. After a few moments Alana grunts slightly in surprise and approval. 
"I know my way around guns. I've shot bigger ones than that," Alysha tells Alana crossing her arms. "What do you want?" 
"I want you gone, and I want Kaden to stay. He's not even sleeping in my room. He's different; he doesn't look at me the same." 
"I don't have my wallet let alone my passport to leave." 
In response Alana pulls out a large thick envelope and tosses it on the bed, quickly leaving the room with Alysha stunned for several seconds.
Snapping herself out of her daze Alysha quickly picks up the envelope. Upon opening it Alysha finds two large wads of cash, a plane ticket departing in three hours, and a passport with her picture on it. She can leave, go home. 
Putting on pants given to her, Alysha tucks in her shirt and plucks up her jacket off the back of the chair as she darts for the door. 

Chapter 6

Kaden stands leaning against a tall tree in the shadows, the clear night surprisingly warm, making the slight breeze a pleasant surprise. The weather has never bothered Kaden; if it becomes too uncomfortable he can always change it. Of course, there are devastating consequences. The last time he changed the weather, Japan had a rather large earthquake. Now the Pacific Ocean is full of radiated water. 

Kaden is watching Alysha hop into a taxi destined for the airport. The ruse is his idea; he is the one providing the money and the passport. He wants to know if Alysha will stay, if she trusts him. Why should she? There is something about her, something that draws him to her. 

He continues to watch as the tail lights disappear over the slight rise. A lone wolf howls off in the distance, soon the one wolf is joined by more howls, forcing Kaden to smile. Creatures naturally flock together, humans, wolves, dogs. It is the way of nature, to be together. Except Kaden, he cannot let himself get to close to someone. If he does, either they get used against him by his enemies or the person themselves use his love for them against him – which only happened once. Now he uses women, just like he is using Alana, at least he hopes she knows she’s being used.  

The sound of a twig snapping draws Kaden's attention to the edge of the forest where he sees a pair of eyes several feet off the ground. The first pair of eyes is soon joined by more eyes, over a dozen pairs in total.  

With his enhanced vision Kaden can make out the shapes of the wolves, all looking at him. Kaden smiles at them, after all he has brought them here to protect Alana. He does not want anyone else to get hurt because of him.  

Still everyone he gets near or even looks at seems to get hurt.  And if they don't he’s the one who eventually gets hurt. It had happened with Jamison, Alana, and now Kaden feels it happening with Alysha. 

And what is odd about Alysha is that he has known her for less than a day. He really knows nothing about her; where did she grow up; what’s her favorite color; does she have any brothers or sisters; and if so how many; are her parents still alive? Answers to these questions could all be obtained by simply reading her aura. Yet he finds that to be an invasion of her privacy. Sure, he has done it to others, but that was to gain something. It was a practice he tried not to indulge in. 

"Kaden," Alana's voice sings, the breeze magnifying its call. Kaden smirks, as much as he hates using people, he has to. He just used Alana to send Alysha away.  

"Kaden," Her sweet voice calls out to him again.  

Taking a deep breath Kaden sighs and takes a step toward the small cottage. But before he can even take a second step, what Kaden could only guess to be a spaceship flies directly over Alana's house, expelling a red ball of light onto the house, which explodes on contact, propelling Kaden back into the trees with enough force to break those that he hits in half. 

Disoriented and ears ringing Kaden sees small fires begin to spread uncontrolled through the grassy hills. Upon trying to get up Kaden's legs buckle sending him the ground.  

Again, he tries to get up; again his legs give out on him. He must focus; closing his eyes he slows his breathing the disorientation leaves.  

Looking down at his legs he sees they are both broken. Grinding his teeth, Kaden begins the process of healing himself. After several long excruciating minutes his legs snap into place, both fully healed.  

It is then, that Kaden hears Alana's screams of pain. With working legs, Kaden throws himself up using his psychokinetic abilities; Kaden greatly enhances all his muscles, giving him greater speed, strength, durability. While he is already faster, stronger, and has better hearing and eyesight than almost anyone else, he needs to get to Alana now, this instant. In the time it takes an eye to blink, Kaden flies the 100 yards from the tree to the house. Instinctively, he takes a step through the front doorway. Heat from the fire forces him to pause, to take several steps back.  

Mentally chiding himself for making a stupid mistake, Kaden throws up what most would call a force field. In truth all he does is thicken the number of atoms around him to the point where nothing can get past them including the heat. 

Fully protected Kaden rushes back into the cottage. Scanning the main floor, he cannot see Alana, but he feels her, down below.  

Kaden rushes down the stairs into the safe room. What he sees mortifies him, stopping him cold in his tracks. There is Alana on the floor, her clothes completely burnt; her skin completely burnt away, even the muscles burnt. She has lost a leg and part of an arm.   

Alana looks at Kaden, pleading in her eyes to save her, to heal her. Remembering the last person, he had healed, Kaden vowed to never heal another again, at least anyone conscious enough to learn of his ability. The consequences of someone learning of his abilities can change the lives of all involved – consequences Kaden no longer wants to be a part of.

Alana reaches for Kaden, pleading with him. He sees tears running down her face, the only comfort to the burns on her once lovely face. 

Kaden moves to her side, squatting down he grabs her head. Hardening his heart, he breaks her neck with an easy twist. 

"I’m sorry," Kaden whispers into her ear. Noticing something around her neck, Kaden pulls the black strap over her head, examining it in the faint light. On the other end is a small black disc. Kaden sees alien writing engraved into the metal, writing that changes to English allowing him to read it. His eyes narrow 'Hy-Brasil'. Kaden knows what it is, he has been looking for it, and Alana had it. 

Kaden stands up, the anger in his eyes makes the fire raging above harmless. 

Step by step Kaden walks up the stairs, all he feels is anger and rage at Alana's death, he caused it. Someone will pay, many will pay. 

Walking out of the house, the sirens of an approaching emergency response grows louder as they get closer. Not wanting to answer questions, Kaden runs to the forest disappearing into the darkness. 

Chapter 7

Sitting on a large rock, sheltered by the forest, Kaden mindlessly roles a small twig between his thumb and index finger.
It has taken the emergency responders nearly half a day to put the fire out and finish their investigation. Filled with mixed emotion Kaden watches as they carry Alana out. She has died because of him, yet she has also had the very item he has been looking for. Has she had it all along? Did she find it and intend to give it to Kaden? 
The sound of a door slamming shut draws him out of his own thoughts. 
Looking up he sees Alysha slowly walking through the remains of the cottage. Kaden cocks his head, what is she doing here? He notices that she appears to be in shock. 
Jumping down off his perch, Kaden makes his way down the gentle hill to the remains of the cottage. As he walks his thoughts digress rather dramatically from the carnage and mayhem… I really love Ireland. It’s the one and only place I can come to just be me and normally find peace and quiet. It’s the one place I can come to relax, tune out the hate and hostility going on in the universes. Maybe I should stay here a while and let everything with Enki and Shamash settle down.    
It is the Annunaki who have destroyed the house, have killed Alana. How did they know where to find her? He has taken every precaution to keep her unknown to everyone, even Jamison.
With his hands in his pockets Kaden comes up next to Alysha, her hair fluttering in her face as a small gust of wind blows. 
"Things can change quickly," Kaden tells Alysha.  
Turning to her right Alysha sees Kaden, her heart leaps for joy at seeing him alive and safe. She had feared the worst, feared he was dead. She soon finds herself hugging him and crying. 
Kaden holds her in his arms as she weeps, gently patting her on the back.  
Finally, with dry eyes and red stained checks, Alysha looks up at him to see him gazing at the burnt rubble.   
"What happened?" Alysha manages to choke out. 
"The house was bombed," Kaden tells her. The wind increases in strength, as the temperature drops around them. 
"By who?" 
"The Annunaki." 
Alysha blinks fast several times. "The Annunaki, from the TV Show?" 
A light drizzle begins to fall, yet Alysha does not feel it. She stares out in awe when she realizes it is running down an invisible barrier protecting them.  
"The very same." 
Kaden turns around to go back to his rock, after several paces he turns to Alysha. "Are you coming this time?" 
Alysha follows him up the hill. More than once she feels as if she feels herself slip, only to have Kaden catch her. He says nothing, just keeps walking toward the forest. 
As they arrive at the edge of the forest, lightning strikes where they just came from. Alysha jumps in surprise, Kaden only smirks. Did he just do that? As if reading her thoughts Kaden responds, "I can control the weather yes. That I did not do directly. The bubble I formed to protect us creates a variance in pressure, which is nature’s way of equalizing what I did." 
Kaden climbs up on a rock and begins to watch the rain. Alysha looks around, hoping to find a better place to sit. When her search reveals nothing, she sighs and pulls herself up, sitting next to Kaden. 
"Why did you cry?" Kaden asks her. 
"I honestly don't know I feel sad, sad for Alana, sad for you." 
Kaden smirks a bit at the thought. 
"Do you know how strange this all is?" Alysha asks Kaden. 
"For me, this is not strange. For you, yes I can see how strange it is." 
"A day and a half ago, I was in a park, and now I'm in Ireland with a man I don't know, crying over a person who for all I know hated me for arriving with you. Now we're sitting on a large uncomfortable rock." 
"Pretty good summary of what's happened." 
Alysha looks around, grabbing Kaden tight she sees a dozen wolves sitting near the rock. 
"Don't move there are wolves here," she whispers to Kaden. 
"I know they are my friends." 
A small wolf pup climbs up the rock and settles on Kaden's lap. Kaden instinctively begins to pet the now sleeping pup.  
Still afraid Alysha eyes the wolves looking for any that might suddenly jump at them and attack. To her surprise, she finds that they are all asleep. 
"How?" 
Kaden picks up the pup and sets it in Alysha's lap. The pup looks at her for several moments before returning to sleep. 
Alysha must admit this wolf pup is very cute.  
"I brought them here several years back when I had first met Alana," Kaden says. "I wanted to protect her from whatever may harm her for being associated with me. As I have done for Jerome and will do for you." 
Kaden pauses, thinking he saw something on the other side of the little farmstead. 
"With wolves, they are more in tune with the Astral realm and the Astral realm is more in tune with our thoughts. If we think they will obey us and respect us they will. You cannot just believe it; you have to know it deep down in your bones." 
"Like your view on reincarnation?" 
"Yes." 
"Who bombed Alana's house?" 
"The Annunaki." 
"That's what you had said, but why?" 
"I'm going to ask a series of questions, you don't need to answer, I just want you to think about the answers. OK?" 
Alysha nods. 
"There are gold mines in Africa, and some in South America that are over 400,000 years old, if human civilization started 6,000 years ago how did the mines get there?" 
"Also, in ancient times, gold was given to the gods. Why? The people did not know its scientific value, so what value did it have to them? Why would people kill for it, use it to emulate the gods?" 
"You see the Annunaki came here and genetically engineered humans to mine the gold. Humans saw that their creators valued gold, so they thought they must value a metal that is otherwise worthless to them." 
Alysha knew the story, with Kaden’s line of reasoning it all makes sense to.
Again, something catches Kaden’s attention. This time it looks as if it is getting closer. 
With his eyes still focused out towards the small valley, Kaden continues. "The Annunaki have two ideals, the first is that humanity has vast potential. However, humanity needs to be led to this potential, to protect them. This view is held by Enki and his followers." 
"The Second view is held by Shamash, a brutal leader. His view is that humanity is nothing more than animals to do with as he sees fit." 
"The problem with both views, humanity is not free to choose, to lead itself, to fail on its own." 
"That's where you come in," Alysha says. "You're fighting to free humanity from oppressors. The only problem, they control everything and everyone." 
Kaden nods. He sees it again, this time near the burnt house. He begins to feel a tingle, a warning from his Tulpas. Several of the wolves wake up, they begin to pace nervously.
"Until recently both Enki and Shamash were fighting each other over their views; however, it seems I have been enough of a problem for them that they have united in order to stop me." 
The figure is now within a few hundred yards. Kaden now knows what it is, a shadow assassin. An Astral creature created with the sole purpose of hunting and killing someone. Most Astral creatures cannot interact with the physical world beyond revealing themselves every once and while. Yet a shadow assassin is able to keep the powers and abilities it possesses in the Astral realm while interacting on the physical plain.
If it is here, it means that at least one of them is marked, which means that the shadow assassin will not leave until its target has been killed. Since the creature is of the Astral it cannot be eradicated, as a flesh and blood creature.
The wolves begin to bark; they see the creature. The pup jumps from Alysha's lap, moving to its mother the pup stands behind her. 
"Alysha, I want you to look out toward the field," instructs Kaden, as he points where he wants her to look. His heart begins to race, to pound. He has never been able to defeat a shadow assassin. 
Alysha looks; her face goes pale when she sees the shadow. It is as if it is a black hole, all light being sucked into it.  
The wolves charge the creature, the creature raising his hand shadow wolves appear and attack. Kaden's wolves are no match; in mere seconds they are pulled to the Astral. 
Alysha looks at Kaden who is now standing; radiating a golden light. She is in awe of how magnificent he looks.  
Kaden forms a ball of energy and throws it at the creature, who simply swats it away. Again, Kaden throws a ball, this time stronger. Alysha could swear the creature is grinning as the ball stops in mid-flight. It begins to speed back toward them, growing. 
Kaden grabs Alysha and pulls her off the rock. The ball of light collides with it seconds later, shattering the rock.  
As Kaden places himself between Alysha and the creature, the creature raises its hand and sends a ball of darkness racing toward them.  
Partially putting himself in the Astral Kaden manages to deflect the ball to a nearby tree, which immediately dies. 
"What is that thing?" Alysha asks. 
"It’s a shadow assassin; it's of the Astral realm, sent here to kill me most likely.” 
"If it's of the Astral realm, how can it be here?" 
"The same way I can physically be in the Astral realm" Kaden yells at her, as another shadow ball flies at them, stronger than before.  
It was from a shadow assassin Kaden had seen, that he was able to learn how to physically enter the Astral realm. 
"You can what?" Alysha asks bewildered. “You can physically enter the Astral realm?” 
Alysha feels herself being sent backwards with Kaden. They aren't flying, he is moving them backwards. She sees the creature now a few dozen yards away. She knows if it touches them, they will not only die, they will be in hell, literally a personal hell. 
"I can physically enter the Astral realm," came the thought to Kaden.
The physical world vanished, both Alysha and Kaden now floated in blackness – Kaden appearing brighter than before, forcing Alysha to divert her eyes. 
As a sword of light forms in Kaden’s hand, he leaps at the creature, which is also forming its own sword out of darkness.
To Alysha, watching the two fight is like watching the light fight the darkness.  
Kaden and the shadow creature move in a flurry, exchanging blow after blow.  
"Why don’t you just die!" Kaden yells at the creature as he defends a blow. 
"Not until she dies," The creature responds with a hiss, surprising Kaden. 
"Why are you after her?" 
"My master sent me to kill her." 
Kaden drops his sword and steps out of the way. 
"I am only defending myself, please complete your mission" 
The creature looks at Kaden, considering the offer. With what Kaden would call a smile, the creature moves toward Alysha. 
"What are you doing Kaden?" Alysha shouts. 
"It's after you not me." 
Although Alysha tries to step back as the creature moves toward her, she cannot, she just floats there. As the creature draws closer, she can feel the darkness around her grow, pulling at her, stabbing her. 
She begins to panic; she is physically in the Astral realm. If she dies here physically, what will happen?  
The creature reaches outward with its arm toward Alysha; she closes her eyes and turns her head. She waits for a touch of literal death, but it never comes. 
Opening one eye Alysha sees the creature no more than a few inches from her with its arm still extended. Protruding from its chest is Kaden's light sword.  
Kaden pulls the sword out, the creature howls as it disappears into itself. 
With the creature gone, Kaden returns the two of them to the material world. 
"You let that thing come after me! Do you even know what would have happen if it had touched me in there? My physical body was in the Astral!" Alysha yells at Kaden. 
Kaden looks at her, his head slightly tilted; she knows more than he has thought. "It was after you. I needed it to ignore me so I could kill it." 
"So, you distracted it, by giving it what it wanted? Me!" 
"Exactly." 
Alysha wants to yell at him more; she wants to grab him by his neck and strangle him. She just witnessed the skirmish Kaden had with the creature. Both held their own and Kaden clearly knew he needed an advantage. She was his advantage. He felt sick, he had used her. 
"The question is who sent the creature after you?" Kaden asks. 

Chapter 8

In his hand Kaden rolls the small pendant he pulled from Alana's corpse. He sits with his legs crossed on the only bed, in the only motel in the small town closest to Alana's former cottage. He and Alysha just arrived. To her dismay there is only one room. She insists Kaden sleep on the floor. Kaden rarely needs sleep, instead he will be mediating. A practice he had picked up from Jamison years before, a practice that calms his mind.
Still, for now his thoughts are scattered. Something just does not add up. How had the Annunaki known where they were? As his thoughts drift toward the shadow assassin, to his conversation with Alysha; she knew about the Astral. Most people were surprised at the Astral, thinking it was the spirit realm. Yet Alysha almost looked as if she had been there before.   
Kaden frowns, when he reads her aura, he sees that she is not a psychic or an awakened – a human who believes they are spiritually awakened, allowing them access to the entire universe. The truth for them, well for most of them, is that they only see that which the Annunaki want them to see. 
She knows more than she is letting on. It came too easy, too natural for her. It is almost as if she recognized the shadow assassin. 
The sound of the shower turning off brings Kaden out of his trance. Alysha walks out with a short towel wrapped around her body. Kaden finds himself looking at her – his eyes moving from her long-toned legs, up her lustrous body – the towel doing nothing to conceal it – to her eyes, light green eyes, with curly blonde wet hair. Those eyes, eyes Kaden suddenly realizes are staring at him, showing Alysha is not amused. 
Alysha points with her hand for Kaden to look in the other direction.  
Kaden turns, hoping she doesn't realize that there is a reflective window which allows him to still see her.  
Kaden shakes his head. Such thoughts are below him as he never has to spy on a woman like he is a teenage boy. If he wants one he can easily get her, take her if he must. 
Kaden gets off the bed; making his way to the door he opens it. 
Stepping outside his mind begins to clear. Alysha is becoming an unknown, a distraction; with as much danger as he is in he can’t afford to have her around. She must go. Yet he wants her around. 
Kaden yells into the night in frustration. 
Alysha steps out, fully clothed. "What's wrong?" 
"Nothing, I just don't know what to do." 
Kaden wants to throw the small pendant. Right as he is about to release it he sees writing on the bottom.  
Although the word won't translate, Kaden still knows what it means.  
Marching back into the room, Kaden with a wave his hand closes the blinds while the lights go off, leaving complete darkness. 
"What are you?" 
The small disc begins to glow while levitating and spinning out of Kaden's hand. The more energy he put into the device, the faster the device spins until finally a blue pixelated hologram of Alana appears. 
"Hello Alana," Kaden says bitterly. 
"Hello Kaden," The hologram responds. 
"I thought she was dead?" Alysha asks, stepping up next to Kaden. 
Kaden ignores Alysha. She is a mystery for another time. For now, he needs to deal with what is in front of him. "Question Alana, did you find the device, or have you had it?" 
"I have had it the entire time; I am the gateway to Hy-Brasil you often mentioned." 
Kaden's eyes narrow. "So, you were always distracting me, your interest in me was fake?" 
"My feelings were real, my duties called me to lie." 
"What is going on?" Alysha asks. Kaden shoots her a look, forcing her to step back.  
"Open the doorway Alana, I'm not asking." 
The hologram nods before she disappears, sending the room into complete darkness. As quickly as Alana is gone, a holographic image appears of an island at night filled with advanced looking buildings, people – some black, some white, some green (the Annunaki who stand out the most) – dashing about in strange clothes. Kaden has often wondered what they looked like, and now he knows. They are taller than humans by about three feet with their skin being their most distinguishing characteristic, completely green. 
Kaden steps through the portal followed by Alysha.  

Chapter 9
Human and Annunaki a like stop and watch as two humans walk through a portal. All conversation ends, games children are playing stop, whatever has been happening is disrupted. There is only one portal key, and the guardian has it, yet the guardian is not here with these newcomers.  
An attractive looking, green skinned Annunaki with jet black hair and hazel eyes wearing a white jumpsuit approaches Kaden and Alysha. Kaden looks at her; her aura is shining with fear, curiosity, and protection. 
"I am Sarah, one of the council members of this place. Do you come seeking protection and peace or do you seek destruction and war?" She asks with a voice like honey. 
Kaden begins to read all of their auras; he sees mostly the same, fear, curiosity, protection. His eyes jet about, taking in the island he has long sought. Most of the buildings are one or two stories tall made of stone; at the center of the island is a large tower. The place seems a mixture of middle-aged buildings and architecture intertwined with alien technology. 
He begins to reach out further with his mind. He can sense the energy of the place; it amazes him, as he realizes everyone here has some sort of abilities, a specialty. He can feel the harmony of the place; everyone works in unison; no job is above the other. It is a utopia. 
Kaden focuses on the tower in the center; it is closed off to everyone. No one can enter it, yet he feels something in there, something calling out to him. 
He pushes past Sarah, focusing entirely on the tower. 
"Kaden," Alysha whispers.  
Kaden stops, they are surrounded by Annunaki, and Humans, who form a tight circle two or three people deep, their aura's all flashing protection. 
"You are hidden from us, so I must ask the question again," Sarah says, walking into the circle. 
Kaden ignores them. The pull of the tower, of whatever is inside, is too strong to ignore.  
He cannot go through those that surround him without a fight; he needs to go up and over them. Kaden suddenly shoots up 30 feet into the air. Everyone steps back in fear.  
If it wasn't for the pull of the tower, Kaden would be amazed that he is flying. Instead he focuses on going straight for the tower.  
He speeds toward the tower at a frightening speed. He hears Sarah's voice behind him. Looking back, she too is flying; he sees a look of worry on her face, one of warning. She isn't angry, she is afraid for him. Kaden turns his head back to the tower, he has to get in.  
When he is within ten feet of the tower a blue shield appears, a shield Kaden hits hard, sending him to the ground unconscious. 
 
Chapter 10

Kaden finds himself alone, in a small bed in an even smaller room, which is completely white and completely bare save for the bed he is on. Pain fills his entire body and every nerve wanting to explode. 
Kaden feels different, he feels, weak; he tries to will away the pain. Nothing happens, he focuses again, and the pain grows stronger. 
His mind is clouded; he cannot focus; he cannot sense anything or anyone. As he realizes his powers are gone, that he cannot access them – a realization that would send him into a panic – he slips back into nothingness, not knowing the danger he is in. 
This happens several times to Kaden where he tries to force himself up, to heal himself, only to pass out again. Each time however his ability to focus increases. It is only a matter of time until Kaden overcomes whatever is plaguing him.  
When he awakes for the fifth time: Kaden begins to sense what is around him, can feel his abilities, can feel how weak he is.  
Death is encroaching on him, her soft lullaby he can make out for the first time. He has heard her before, seen her before when she has called others. Her call has been painful when she has called others. Now her call is beautiful; it takes the pain away. 
The door opens; the song of death grows louder. A tall slender woman wearing a short ragged see through black dress enters the room. Her smile takes away Kaden’s pain.  
Death sits down next to Kaden, gently tracing her hands around his chest; she lies down next to him. Kaden wraps his arms around her. Even though her mouth does not move, her song grows louder, more pleasant, more alluring. 
Death rolls over to face Kaden; nimbly she runs her hand over his chest. “Kaden Hunt,” she says. “I’ve long sought after you.” 
“I’ve been avoiding you,” Kaden responds, her call to him growing stronger with each passing second. 
“We have talked before, several times.” 
“I would remember talking to one as beautiful as you.” 
Death smiles at the compliment. Most are afraid of her, thought her to be ugly. Yet Kaden sees her for what she really is, peace. 
“Not in this lifetime.” 
“I must apologize then; I do not remember my previous lives.” 
“By our design,” Death tells him while she begins to run her hands through his blonde hair. 
“What do you mean ‘our design’?” 
“You are The Traveler, I am Death we are one and the same.” 
Kaden shoots up, “I am not Death.” 
Death gently laughs, “You may not be me, but you call me more than any other living being.” 
Kaden wants to argue, yet he knows in this lifetime alone he is responsible for thousands of deaths. What has he done in other life times? He wonders.
“Are you here to give my memories back?” 
“No Traveler, they are mine to keep. I treasure them above all else.” 
“You have come to take my life, so that I might be born again.” 
Death looks at him playfully, “Reincarnation, it allows everyone to temporarily escape me. Yet you have discovered how to regenerate.” 
“Everyone can regenerate; I have found a way to do it faster.” 
“Always the clever one, aren’t you?” 
Kaden wants to get to the point; her song keeps growing ever more alluring. “If you have not come to give me my memories, you have come to take me away. Please just do it.” 
Death laughs. “I have not come to kill you Kaden Hunt; no, I have come to talk with you.” 
“About what?” 
“This is hard for me Kaden; I have your memories, memories that are locked up by our design. I have often wanted to come see you, to be with you, to lie with you, yet I could not until you were dying.” 
Kaden thinks, why would she want to see him if she is not going to help pass him on from the physical world to the spiritual? Unless, as The Traveler, a being of immense power, a being who would be hard to kill, a being who has seen stars and universes die and be created a new, a being who above all else knows Death as his only constant companion. 
Death smiles as she sees Kaden work it out. Kaden in previous lives, long forgotten, was The Traveler, as he is in this life, and will be should he chose to reincarnate again. He has seen the multiverses die and is reborn; he has walked with God her creator; he has been a god, creating and destroying. He has loved, he has hated, he is good, he is evil.  
A being that cannot die, a being that did not die, a being that sees everything, lived through everything, realized all things end. It was then that he saw her, formless.  
There for the first time in the void between the death of a universe and the creation of another, that they first say hello – he with form and she without, he has substance, she does not. For that moment between nothingness and the big bang, they met. 
Then it ended, as all things end, something both she and The Traveler knew would happen. 
She found herself to be sad; she finally had someone to talk with, who she had seen countless times and knew so well. She had waited for the next death for a chance and a hope to see him again, yet he was gone from her. That time long ago, she had looked everywhere and could not find him. She traveled universes; crossing dimensional planes of existence as she looked for him, all for not. 
In her despair and depression, she had killed trillions, desperate, for and in need of a companion, a friend. The Traveler had always been there. Just as Death has been his constant companion he has been hers, though she could see him he could not see her. Yet he was gone, her companion no longer in existence. Then it all ended again, as everything did except for the two of them.  
It was in between the death of creation and the birth of creation she saw him. He had been waiting for her, trapped in that exact moment. He had designed it this way; he had chosen it, waiting for her. As the birth of creation came, The Traveler reached out his hand; she wanted to reach for him, to take his hand. She did, she grabbed him. She watched as her formlessness took form, starting with a hand, then an arm until she at last had a form.  
Because of that moment, they can see each other, they can interact. 
Death looks at Kaden, her song overpowering him. 
“Kaden Hunt, you may not remember me, but I remember you, you are my constant companion, my oldest friend.” 
Kaden tenderly touches her cheek. 
“I will always be with you,” Death pulls Kaden’s hand from her cheek. Holding it she looks at him. 
The door to the small room swings open with such force that it hit the wall and bounces back shut.  
Death vanishes in a puff of black smoke. Kaden gazes at where she has just been, hand still extended.  
Her call is gone; he feels like his normal self – even better. 
The door flies open again, this time with less force. Sarah walks in, prepared to fight. She senses Death’s presence in the room and feels the call for the man she has been taking care of for over two weeks. 
Sarah is relieved when she feels the absence of Death. She feels even more relief when she sees Kaden sitting up. 
Sarah moves to the side of the bed; squatting down she looks at him.  
“Kaden,” she says her voice once again like honey. 
Kaden blinks rapidly several times before he looks at her. He feels as if he has just lost something he did not know he even had. His heart sinks, until he briefly sees her in the corner of the room. Kaden smiles, Death smiles back before disappearing again. 
Sarah whips her head around; she sends a ball of energy toward the corner. The wall vaporizes leaving a large hole. 
Kaden looks at Sarah; he has to remind himself that she and other living creatures do not know Death as he does. 
With a smile, Kaden returns to his normal demeanor. He is happy; he has found a long-lost friend; one he did not know he had. 
Sarah places her green hands on Kaden’s thigh, making him aware of her closeness and how attractive she is. “Kaden it’s alright, Death is gone, you won’t be joining her today,” Sarah says a bit flirtatiously.  
Kaden gently bites down on his teeth as he thinks to himself. He has a very attractive Annunaki with her hands precariously placed on his thigh and moving upward. How long has it been? Can he sleep with her? Yes, easily, as he has been with women far less attractive. It’s also safe to say that he has never been with an Annunaki, now that he knows what they actually look like. It certainly would be an adventure if he did sleep with her. The question is, however, “Should he sleep with her?”
Grabbing her hands from his thighs, Kaden places them to his side thus allowing him to stand up. 
Sarah stands as Kaden does; she is at least three and a half feet taller than him, making her close to ten feet tall. It would be an escapade for sure if he did sleep with her. Still he shouldn’t. 
“Sarah you’re very attractive, now is not a good time.” 
Sarah looks at Kaden, is she going to be offended by his rejection?  
“Whenever you decide it’s a good time, let me know. You’ll find new clothes in there.” Sarah points toward a small wardrobe. 
Sarah waits for Kaden, making Kaden realize she is not going to leave.  
Not one to be bashful Kaden begins to strip, Sarah observing him the entire time.  
Moving toward the wardrobe Kaden opens the door to find the same white jump suit he has seen everyone else wearing. He sighs, he preferred black. 
Kaden is surprised by how the suit feels. It allows his skin to breathe and he has full, unrestricted motion of his body. It feels like he is wearing nothing at all. 
Once the suit is fully on Kaden, all the seams disappear. Kaden stretches out his arms, twisting them over he continues to judge the material. It is made up of many different squares connected, as if he has scales. 
Sarah coughs to draw his attention. Looking up he sees her standing in the doorway, her arm extended indicating for him to leave. 
Stepping out into the brightly lit world, Kaden sees a swarm of people looking at him as Sarah leads him through what he assumes is a path designed to confuse and distract whoever is being led. What they probably do not realize is he remembers everything, well almost everything. 
Because of the way people are looking at him, Kaden cannot help but feel as if their intentions are for him to be a sheep being led to the slaughter. When viewing those around him he sees in some hatred, others are afraid, still others have sympathy. 
Sarah sets a fast pace a pace Kaden can easily keep up with; still he does not know what is going on.  
Sarah has tried to stave off Death and has also attempted to seduce him. What if it is a last right, a moment of sympathy before they attempt to kill him? Should he play the fool – a deer caught in a head light – or should he show everyone here who is in charge? 
Suddenly Kaden and Sarah stop. Peeking past Sarah, he sees a large circle of stones similar to that of Stonehenge. Inside the stones, is a triangular table. On one side a single chair, while the other two sides are full save one empty chair at the peak of the triangle, which Sarah quickly fills. 
All eyes are on Kaden, every empty spot within the stone circle filled. Kaden begins to read auras to try and get a sense of what is going on, in truth no Annunaki knows of his abilities, knows what he is capable of. 
Out of the corner of his eye Kaden sees Alysha watching, she looks afraid.  
An elderly human gets up; his voice is full of command. Kaden smirks; he sees in the aura of the balding man what his abilities are. He sees the man is feigning confidence; he sees that, like all others save a few Annunaki, they are afraid of him. 
“Sit,” the man points to the empty chair. 
Kaden frowns while shaking his head no.  
“The accused will sit,” the man says trying to be firm, his fear starting to escape. 
Two Annunaki guards approach Kaden from behind. They freeze two steps behind him unable to move. Turning around Kaden laughs when he sees the confusion on their faces. 
Looking over at Alysha he thought he saw a giggle escape her mouth. 
“First off why am I here?” Kaden asks, his voice echoing. 
“You're on trial for attempting to enter the tower,” Sarah says. 
“Right, the tower.” Kaden begins to pace around, putting on a show. “How do I get in this tower?” 
“No one can get in,” a young child sitting next to Sarah answers. 
Kaden stops by her, squatting down she smiles at him. Kaden returns the smile, ruffling her hair she giggles. Kaden returns to his pacing. 
“Nothing is impossible, so again I’ll ask how I get in?” 
The child begins to follow Kaden laughing as he changes directions. Kaden realizes the child has a hint of green to her skin, she must be part Annunaki. 
Kaden reaches down and picks her up. Murmurs of worry spread through the crowd. 
“Young one what is in the tower?” 
“No one knows. We are told to stay away or else the field will kill us,” the child responds. 
Kaden sees a woman biting her thumb from the corner of his eye. Turning toward the woman, he hands her the child. A few seconds later she disappears. 
Kaden returns his gaze to those sitting at the table as he walks around in a circle, rubbing his hand on his chin. It is odd that he is being put on trial for going near a barrier that should have killed him. Stupid rule he thinks, unless they are making up the rule in order to interrogate him. 
“I find it odd,” Kaden blurts out, “That such an open, and advanced people with a mix of Annunaki, Africans, Caucasians, Asians, Latino’s, would create a rule about getting within a certain distance of a tower that is locked up and protected by a barrier that can kill you. Yet here I am… not dead.” 
“You were almost dead,” Sarah responds. Death was in your room; I could feel it. 
“First off Death is a woman,” Kaden responds. 
“What?” Alysha shouts stepping out from the shadows. “You told me you had put him in a trance, to confuse him so you could properly interrogate him.” 
Sarah looks surprised. “Alysha please calm down.” 
“I will not. You told me after my questioning that Kaden would need to be confused and disoriented. It’s the reason you tried to seduce him; the reason you led him on that little round about path; the reason you put him under some sort of spell.” 
That is why Kaden had felt so weak. Sarah has done something to him. Yet he knows nothing that would have put him close to his death. 
“Because of his protection, I had to almost kill him,” Sarah defends herself. “If I did not do what I had to do, we would not have been able to disorient him.” 
“So, you almost killed him, so you could question him!” Alysha shouts, before storming off. 
Kaden raises his hand before talking. “You could have just asked me a question, instead of going to the lengths you have to question me.” 
The old man speaks up, “We know who you are, what you can do, of your anger Kaden Hunt. We had to go to extreme measures to question you.” 
Alysha returns, her eyes burning with rage. She wants blood. “Yes… and you almost killed him. From what you’ve told me of Enki and Shamash, he is the only chance my people have!” 
“Alysha, it is okay.” Alysha turns surprised at Kaden. 
When she sees him, her rage vanishes? He is okay, he isn’t dead. Don’t play “what if’s” she reminds herself. 
“We do owe you an apology Kaden Hunt, and tonight we will officially welcome you and Alysha to Hy-Brasil as we do with all guests.” 
Everyone erupts. They know it will be a festival. They rarely get guests, and when they do, they celebrate. Tonight, will be even more of a celebration as Kaden Hunt, the enemy of their enemies, a man they have heard so much about, has arrived. 

Chapter 11

Floating orbs of light in various colors weave in and out of all who are in attendance, a thousand in total by Kaden's estimation. He watches as the orbs swirl and dance to the beat of the music.  
At the center of the clearing is a large multi colored fire, an artificial fire that only gives off light. Whenever an orb runs out of light it dashes through the fire to recharge itself.  
The dancing has been going on for over two hours, and everyone but Kaden seems to be dancing, which seems to be Alysha's thing. Ever since the music first started to play, she has tried to get Kaden to dance with her. He politely refuses her, as he has the other forty-three women and men who have asked him to dance.  
An hour into the festival and the food is served. Not by any of the island’s inhabitants. It is served like the orbs, the food floats over on platters; pick what you want; when you are done the platter floats away. If you want more, another platter will be by shortly. The utensils seem to know what you want, even before you want it. 
All night Kaden has been curious how they worked, so he plucks one out of the air and examines it. It looks like an ordinary bowl, until he looks at it through his third eye, the eye that allows him to look into the Astral realm. What he sees amazes him. The plate is created with both physical and Astral elements.   
Looking further past the initial glance, Kaden sees the inner workings of the plate and the main device, they are connected. The plates do not have to go back to the kitchen to be refilled. Instead they have access to whatever is in the kitchen via an artificial pocket universe. The plates simply go to one of several stations where the food is pulled out of the pocket universe and placed on the plate. 
The technology gives him several ideas to play with – ideas for new abilities and new technology he might try to create on his own. 
A gong interrupts Kaden from his thoughts. Looking up at a stage in the center he sees Sarah and the rest of those that attempted to interrogate him, except for the small child. Kaden assumes she is asleep, along with all the other young ones.  
He has questioned Sarah as to why she was one of the interrogators. She told him to provide perspective, to look at Kaden's answers with a different thought pattern. The inhabitants of Hy-Brasil want to look at something from every angle, to get all the right answers before a judgment or action is taken. 
It is a great idea in theory; however, Kaden knows that waiting too long can lead to disastrous results. At times you must go with your gut instinct, what you think will be the right decision. A lot of times, there is no time to think. Still Kaden can remember a few times where slowing down would have helped. 
It is a fine balance. 
The gong rings again, Sarah steps forward wearing a very form fitting Blue dress. "Today we celebrate two new additions to our family," she says.  
Cheers and shouts of approval erupt from the crowd. It has been almost 100 years since they last received guests. Kaden has found this is due to Alana, and her ancestors, who thought it best to stop visitors from coming to the Island. 
"Today we welcome Kaden Hunt, enemy of Shamash and Enki, fighter of humanity. And Alysha Ridley," Sarah pauses; she has no title, no way to glorify Alysha. 
Alysha for her part just laughs at the awkwardness of the situation. Soon everyone else begins to laugh. 
"Come Kaden, come Alysha," Sarah motions with her outstretched hands for both to step forward. 
Alysha steps up on the platform, where Sarah places a small pendant like the one Kaden has taken.  
"Wear this and you will have access to the entire island." 
Sarah turns and grabs another pendant, "This will mark you as one of us Kaden." When Sarah turns around again she is surprised to see Kaden is not there.  
Everyone begins to look around for Kaden. Murmurs gently rise through the crowd.   
Opposite the stage Kaden steps forward and speaks, "Sarah I thank you from the bottom of my heart for the offer to join your people." Several hesitant cheers break out through the crowd. Kaden indicates with his hands for the crowd to be still and listen. "I belong to no people, not the Annunaki, not humanity, I belong to myself. My life is my own, declaring myself to anyone people, Human, Annunaki, or any other creature, binds me to them. To bind myself to them, I give part of my life away." 
"Do you not fight for humanity Kaden Hunt?" Sarah asks. Heads in the crowd nod in agreement. 
"I do fight for humanity, yet I do not declare myself to be a part of them." 
"You fight a war for them that they do not choose then?" 
"They have no choice, so how can they choose? I fight to allow them to have the choice, to live their lives how they want. Just as I would fight for any to live their life how they choose, so long as it does not negatively harm anyone else's life." 
"If you do not have a key Kaden, you must leave," Sarah says. She needs him on her side; she needs him as a weapon. He understands what the ritual is. If he accepts their offer to join their people, he will be bound by their laws.  
While being bound to a country or group of people with similar views is not a bad thing, you would also be bound by their choices, their past mistakes, their future endeavors. If he becomes one of them, he will have to eventually fight for them.  
The binding ritual is also a spiritual binding. You are more than just a part of the community; your free will becomes a part of a collective free will. You give yourself and your individuality over to the will of the people.  
Kaden holds up a small cord on the other end is a pendant like the one Sarah is offering him. "I have a pendant; I can stay for as long as I like." 
Sarah looks annoyed, she has forgotten about the pendant. She meant to steal it, forcing him to take hers, binding his will, his individuality to everyone's. His wants and desires would be no more than those of the smallest child. He would work for the good of everyone, even if it was against his own will. 
It is the system she established when she created Hy-Brasil; a system that led to no want or desire, a system that led to equality, a system with one voice. 
"A system that does not grow," Kaden finished her thought. 
Everyone looks at Kaden. 
"I will not attempt to change your system Sarah, but how long has it been since someone created art, fell in love with the wrong person, broke a bone, made a mistake? How long has it been since new technology was created?" 
Kaden slowly makes his way toward the stage. "You," Kaden points to a man nearby. "What is your favorite color?" 
The man blinks several times in confusion. "I don't have one." 
Kaden points to a woman this time, "And you what is your favorite color?" 
"I don't know," is all the woman says, before retreating behind the crowd. 
"You ask me to give up my right to choose, my right to live," Kaden's voice begins to rise, "To make mistakes, to grow, to become more, to dream." 
"Our system works Kaden," Sarah says. 
"Yes, it does, but it will eventually kill you all. If you do not live, if you do not look to achieve, if you become stagnant, stagnation will kill you." 
His message sounds familiar to Sarah. She heard it long ago by one who would not call himself an Annunaki, by one who would not bind himself to anyone but himself. He would fight and side with those of similar views. He would abide by laws, so long as they did not negatively affect him or anyone else. 
Sarah's eyes spread wide when she realizes who stood in front of her. She thought he had disappeared; all of her people did. 
"I know who you are Kaden Hunt," Sarah declares. 
"Then keep it to yourself," Kaden replies. 
Alysha takes off the pendant. She begins to wonder, if Kaden does not want it, should she accept it?  
Alysha tosses the pendant to Sarah's feet, "If he won't take it neither will I." 
"Then Alysha you must leave," Sarah replies with sadness. 
"Why?" comes a shout from the crowd. "We say we are of peace and accept everyone, no matter who. We do not accept them with conditions, let them stay." 
Cheers rise up from the crowd. 
Kaden now stands below the stage; he turns to face the crowd. "You have customs and traditions; you have rules you agree to live by. If you do not follow what you have all agreed to, then your society is destroyed." 
Kaden looks up at Sarah, she nods her appreciation. She does not want a revolt.  
"Your rules state, that we cannot stay if we are not a member of your people. We must take the pendant to become a member correct?" 
"This is correct," Sarah replies. 
"Then we will leave." 
Alysha jumps down from the stage. Whispering she asks Kaden, "I thought you wanted this place?" 
"Trust me," Kaden whispers back. 
"Yes how long do we have before we can leave?" Kaden asks Sarah. 
"The rules simply state that you must leave, and never come back," Sarah warns Kaden. 
"Then we will leave, in six months." 
Sarah looks at Kaden while she ponders if what he is proposing is technically not breaking any laws. Individuality, creativity, even now it shows a way to improve their lives, better their laws. Is she wrong in her thinking? 
"Very well, six months." 

Chapter 12

Kaden paces around in his small little home while Alysha watches. Both received their own little, one story, stone apartment after the festival. Each apartment has a rather comfortable bed, small kitchen, couch, and what Alysha can only describe as a holographic device, like a TV, which both have dubbed the Gazer.   
It does more than any other computer she has ever seen. One of the things it does is it keeps up on current events through a real time observation. So, whether you are observing the internet or TV channels or listening to radio stations, whatever you can observe around the planet, it brings it to you. You cannot interact with anything, but you can view it. Alysha has wanted desperately to send Raze a message, but all she can do is watch him. 
Kaden has been more intrigued with the digital library he has access to, storing all ancient texts, star maps, diagrams, books, whatever has been written down, drawn, or preserved digitally, they have access to. Although most of it means little to Alysha, Kaden has spent days and nights pouring over the data, data he soon realizes has been edited or he is blocked from viewing. 
When he has confronted Sarah about it, she simply told him that he is a guest, and did not receive full access to Hy-Brasil. She would grant him full access if he joined the people of Hy-Brasil. 
Over time Kaden begins to hate Sarah, her views almost opposite of his. Subtly she has been trying to convert Kaden, giving Alysha the sense that she wants him for one reason or another. As their time ends her efforts become more forward. 
When Kaden finds he cannot access certain information, he asks around. This allows him the chance to get to know everyone by name, by their occupation. What he finds appalls him. There is no creativity, no drive to enhance their own lives; they are simply content with doing the same thing every day.  
At one-point Kaden purposely breaks the gazer. When he requests to have it fixed, the human in charge of fixing any piece of technology tells Kaden that it will take six months, which was two months ago, a pattern is beginning to emerge.  
“Six months? Six months is unacceptable,” Kaden tells the man, who then shrugs his shoulders, turns, and walks away – forcing Kaden to figure out how to fix the device himself. However, he is still unable to access that information to which he seeks – information on the tower and gaining entry to it.
Many nights Kaden has stayed up late, sitting on his roof, looking at the tower. Alysha can tell he is drawn to it. She does not know if it is because he cannot access it or if there is something else calling him. Either way is a mystery to Kaden, and from what Alysha has learned of Kaden, a mystery must be solved.  
It is those nights, with Kaden starring at the tower – which can be seen from anywhere on the island – that Alysha loves the most. She and Kaden would stay up talking for hours, talking about their past, their wants, desires, and ambitions. It gave them a chance to get to know each other. It always seemed to Alysha that Kaden was holding back, not telling her everything. 
He would often talk about his want to free humanity, his desire to see them able to choose. Whether they chose to live in freedom or as slaves was up to them. He just wants to see them able to choose.  
Whenever she tried to pry into his past, what drove him to such ambitions, how he had gained his abilities, he would simply tell her life and truth deserve to be fought for. His power he was born with, as all humans have the capability to do what he can do. Kaden simply has more drive, more ambition to learn. This, along with his natural creativity, allows him to take already learned abilities and create new ones, new techniques. These techniques allowed him to gain knowledge faster and absorb it quicker. 
Kaden also does not hold to one belief, one set of teaching as several secret societies do. They have a regiment, a timeline, a guided education, that limits creativity, limits their abilities. Instead Kaden chooses to be on his own, learn on his own. Whenever he comes to a point where he needs help, he simply askes or seeks to learn on that one ability or piece of knowledge.  He does this to limit predefined limitations and biased teachings. 
When Alysha first found out Kaden's age, she thought him to be a liar. But after he taught her to read and hide auras, he showed her his. She saw the truth, his drive, his ambition, yet he did not show her all his aura. In time perhaps he would show her, when he trusted her more. 
Alysha peered out the window; she saw the sun begin to dip below the horizon. "Kaden," Alysha gently said. 
"Yes?" 
"Shall we go to the roof?" 
Kaden smiles. Moving to the door he swings it open and the two of them walk out into the brisk night air. 
With a word, Kaden and Alysha begin to float upward toward the roof. The first time he levitated her she threw up; her stomach was not use to it. Now she finds herself enjoying it, the feeling of freedom. 
Kaden gently sets both down. Two floating chairs and a small floating table sit at the center of the roof, facing the tower. 
Kaden admits that while creativity and individuality are suppressed here, the technology and lack of wanting to make up for it a bit – ever so slightly.  
Their technology has not changed since the creation of Hy-Brasil. In fact, nothing has really changed. It has been a perfect paradise for the people only because they know of nothing else including the pain of failure and the pride of creating something new.  
When it comes down to it, life is about choices and the right to choose; the people here did not have that choice. Much like the people around the world did not have a choice. They simply did not know.  
Kaden sits down in the floating chair, sliding his hand up along one of the arms of the chair; it begins to warm itself, taking away from the cold bite of the night. 
"I realize that what is happening here is happening around the world. What I'm fighting for is to give humanity their freedom to choose" 
Alysha looks at Kaden with skepticism.  
"Think about it," Kaden continues. "The people here know nothing different. They have never had to make a choice, to struggle, to solve a problem, to be themselves." 
"I don't see a similarity." 
"They are not allowed to choose how to live their own lives." 
"Yes, but what choice would they make?" 
"I don't know, whatever choice they wanted to make." 
"The problem Kaden is that they are not slaves." 
"Yes, well…" Kaden says before Alysha interrupts him. 
"You fight for humanity, because they are being controlled, what they learn, at the pace they learn, who wins an election, who goes to war. The people all over the world are controlled by their governments, who give the illusion that the people decide." 
"And the governments are controlled by the Annunaki," Kaden replies. "I told you all of this, I taught it to you. So then, what is your point?"  
"Right, you fight to lift the veil from humanities eyes, to give the people a choice. Yet these people here on this island, they are not controlled, they are not slaves. I would call them even happy." 
"Yes but…” Kaden says, before Alysha once again interrupts him. 
"Kaden you would do more damage trying to change them, than good." 
Kaden begins to think about what she is saying. It has merit, while the similarities are similar, the people are not slaves. The will and need of the majority outweigh the will and need of the few.  
He did not like it, yet this is how they chose to live their lives. Who is he to force them to change, to do something they do not want, nor asked for? He would be going against his very core, the belief that an individual has a right to choose how to live their own life. No one should force an individual to live in a way they did not wish.  
These people chose to live this way. To make them change, he would be the tyrant he stood against.  
A new question plagues Kaden. "What about the people around the planet?" 
"They are slaves; they are lied to." 
"Yes, but they do not know that." 
"Yes, there are atrocities being done around the world by the Annunaki and those that serve them," Alysha replies. "You tell me that to make the right choice you must know everything there is to know. On Earth the people are fed and told what the Annunaki want them to know. They do not have the full story, they are repressed." 
Kaden still does not seem so sure, he is beginning to doubt himself and his mission. 
"If you found out these people were not being told everything, were being repressed, then you would rise up and fight. Here they know everything, they know the truth, and they make their own decision." 
Kaden sighs, Alysha is right. Out in the world the people do not know everything. When information is withheld, when one can't see the entire picture, one cannot choose. The people do not know they are being controlled, they do not get to choose who leads them and their own laws, it is chosen for them. 
A light flickers in the tower, drawing Kaden's attention. "Did you see that?" he asks Alysha. 
"See what?" 
Another light flickers. This time it stays on. Patting her leg with enthusiasm he points at the tower. "Look at the light." 
Alysha glances up. Her jaw drops when she sees lights all over the tower begin to turn on. Alysha even thinks she sees movement in one of the windows. 

Chapter 13

A large crowd full of concern and excitement begins to gather at the base of the tower. They all stand a good thirty feet away from the protective shield of the tower, a shield that is only three feet from the tower itself.  
Kaden has come to learn in the days following his 'trial' that if you were to actually touch the shield there is a chance that you could die; however, most of the time, when a curious child touches the shield either they receive a moderate shock, or they might become sick for a few days. Only twice has he been told that someone died from touching it.  
Holding Alysha's hand Kaden pushes his way through the growing crowd, both in size and panic, to see Sarah is at the front trying to calm the crowd down. "Some of you might not remember but we have seen the tower activate before," Sarah yells out. 
"We've never seen it activate this much," someone yells. 
Kaden feels sympathetic for Sarah; most in the crowd do not know what the tower is for. It has been here longer than Sarah. They have talked about it extensively, often in circles. She in truth knows nothing about it, just rumors that it houses either a treasure, prisoner, or a god. 
"What about the prophecy?" other shouts from the crowd.  
That got Kaden's attention. "What prophecy?"  
"The prophecy is nothing to worry about," Sarah tells Kaden, shooting him a look telling him to be silent, and to leave the matter alone. 
"I want to know about this prophecy," Kaden demands. Very rarely do prophecies come true. If you say it’s going rain, it will rain, eventually. Still, in prophecies passed down there is useful information in them. 
"The prophecy states Hy-Brasil shall end when he who 'dost pass over and dost travel through untold spaces requiring millions and hundreds of thousands of years to pass over; thou passest through them in peace and thou steerest the way across the water abyss to the place which thou lovest, since down and dost make an end of the house,'" Sarah says. 
The tower seems to light up even more at the mention of the prophecy.  
Kaden has heard the description before, the meaning of which he and Jamison had debated many times. Jamison argued that it was a description of Amen-Ra, while Kaden argued it was a description of The Traveler, of himself. 
Kaden's eyes grow wide with realization. What if it is both? What if it described Amen-Ra as The Traveler? What if he at one point, being an Annunaki, was Amen-Ra? 
Kaden tilts his head, Sarah said that most of the time the shield only makes someone sick for a few days, yet it almost killed him? Why? Could Sarah have thrown up her own barrier, a barrier which Kaden flew into at a high velocity? Her barrier could have contained other elements he was not expecting which are why it affected him the way it did. 
If she threw up a barrier, that would have introduced a sort of poison, a poison that got through his lowered defenses. He has put all his focus into the tower. It would also explain why he almost died. If he never actually hit the barrier, it might not have stopped him. 
Kaden releases Alysha's hand. Stepping forward he stretches out his right hand; if the shield were to affect him, it would only affect his hand. 
Sarah turns toward Kaden, "No!" she yells, as she runs at him. 
With a flick of his other hand, Sarah flies backwards several hundred yards, destroying a small building. 
Sarah pushes herself up; enraged she lets all of her power fill her. He is human, she is an Annunaki. Yelling, Sarah shoots a continuous beam at Kaden, a beam that would not just stop him, but kill him. If he gets into the tower, Hy-Brasil will be lost. 
Alysha sees the energy beam racing toward an unaware Kaden. With all her effort she takes off toward Kaden. With a dive, she tackles Kaden, right as the beam is about to strike. 
The two roll forward through the shield, which blocks the beam of light. 
Getting up Kaden sees the world outside begin to shake, while he is perfectly still. Everyone on the other side of the shield begins to panic, scattering in all directions as buildings crumble.  
Kaden watches in horror, as stone objects fall on innocent beings – male, female, young ones. Bit by bit, everything falls, the Earth shaking so violent it makes Alysha sick just from watching it. 
When the shaking finally stops, Kaden watches in horror as a large tsunami approaches from all directions.  
Kaden throws his body over Alysha right before the Tsunami hits. 
After several seconds, Kaden looks up to see the water hit the shield and scatter. Hours pass as water continuously bombards the shield. All Kaden and Alysha can see is water, high above the shield. 
Finally, when the water retreats, Kaden and Alysha are both shocked to see the rest of Hy-Brasil taken by the sea. The only piece of land is what they are standing on. 
More innocent deaths he is responsible for, Kaden thinks.  
Turning around he sees a door open. Standing in the doorway is a translucent hologram, which appears as a woman. 
"I've been waiting for you Kaden Hunt," the hologram says. "Please come inside." 
Kaden pulls a still shocked Alysha up, and leads her inside. 

Chapter 14

Upon entering, Kaden marvels at the change; outside is old and decrepit, while inside is immaculate – laminated wood flooring, walls covered in gold and silver trim, alternating patterns. When Kaden looks closer at the patterns, he sees they are pictures depicting different events in human history. The pictures rise from the floor all the way to the highest reaches of the tower. 
The first level alone is furnished with two velvet chairs facing a burning fire. Small bookshelves sit perfectly placed around the circular room. Small tables hold fruit, others water. Kaden feels underdressed for such a place. 
Suddenly the holographic woman that had invited them in appears in front of a bewildered Kaden and Alysha. "Welcome home Kaden Hunt," Destiny says.  
With the tall slender woman closer to Kaden, he observes that she is translucent wearing a form fitting gray and white dress with a plunging neckline, displaying a fair amount of cleavage. The dress also has a slit running up her leg to mid-thigh. Her hair falls down with a slight curl just past her shoulders; her eyes are dark green. If her holographically tan skin could glow it would. To Kaden she is perfect from head to toe. 
Jealously Alysha coughs, interrupting Kaden's annoying lustful gaze. The holographic woman curiously tilts her head at Alysha's jealousy. 
"Right," Kaden responds, running his hands nervously through his hair. "Thanks for letting us in. What is your name?" 
"Destiny," the woman responds. 
"A pretty name, for a pretty hologram." 
Alysha grinds her teeth in jealousy. How can he be flirting with a hologram? Am I not enough? "Where's the bathroom?" 
"Follow the stairs to the top floor."  
"Seems like a design flaw, putting the bathroom at the very top," Alysha grumbles to herself as she climbs the stairs. 
Destiny turns her gaze to Kaden; she motions for him to sit down. 
Stumbling at first from focusing too hard on Destiny, Kaden clumsily makes it to one of the two chairs. 
"What is the matter?" Destiny asks. 
"It's just, you're gorgeous, it's distracting." 
"I thought this image might please you. It is the image of my predecessor, your original AI when you were Amen-Ra." 
That draws Kaden's attention. "What predecessor?"  
"Tiamat." 
"I'm sorry I do not remember any of my previous lives, who I was. I just now realized the possibility that I was once Amen-Ra, The Traveler." 
"It is true, you were once Amen-Ra, and you were banished by your brothers Shamash and Enki to become human. They destroyed everything you loved. But you in your wisdom had planned for this; you created Hy-Brasil, set Sarah's ancestors to watch over it, and placed me in here. All with the hopes of one day after many reincarnations you might be again ready to take up the fight against Enki and Shamash." 
Alysha walks in, relieved to see that Kaden is no longer pining over the hologram. 
Kaden turns to her, "She's an AI! My AI." Alysha laughs, he looks like a kid at Christmas. "I've always wanted an AI, though I imagined I would be able to interact with the AI through nanites or something." 
Destiny points to a blue suit above the fireplace. It is similar in design to the one Kaden and Alysha are wearing. 
"The suit you are wearing is a very cheap knock off of that suit, which becomes a secondary skin, a cybernetic skin, and a neural interface among other things. It will allow us to interact." 
Kaden shoots up from his seat and grabs the suit. Taking his clothes off, Kaden begins to put it on, Alysha laughs at the overly large suit. 
"Do not worry about the size, it will adjust to you." 
Kaden finishes putting on the suit. Just as Destiny said it shrinks to fit him perfectly. Blue lines quickly spread through his body disappearing with as much speed as they appeared. 
Kaden blinks, a computer screen now activates in his eyes, relaying data of surrounding objects. In the upper corner of one eye an image of Destiny appears.  
"This will allow us to interact. I will interpret data and relay it to you, both visually and audibly. With this suit I can appear physically before you as I am now." 
When the initial high of the new suit and Destiny begin to fade, Kaden begins to think. While the suit is impressive, he will stick out like a sore thumb. 
"Destiny, while the suit is nice I cannot go around looking like this. I need to wear normal clothes, clothes that blend in with society." 
"What do you wish your appearance to be?" 
"I miss my old look, black pants, black shirt, black jacket." 
As Kaden talks, the suit morphs into his old clothes. 
"Better, but what about the suit?" 
"Think of it as camouflage. The suit still has the same capabilities, with a different look." 
"Get rid of the black shirt, make it white, and add some red to the jacket," Alysha says, while walking around Kaden in a circle. 
Kaden's shirt quickly changes from black too white. A red stripe runs up each arm on his jacket, meeting together in the back to form a large line down the back. 
"Thoughts Destiny?” 
"Put red on the trim." 
Kaden looks at the jacket with approval. 

Chapter 15

Alysha turns on her phone as she sits on her bed, her nightly habit to see if she has service, to see if she can talk with Raze. What is he thinking about? What is he doing? She has been gone for three months. Raze probably thinks she is dead.  
Kaden and Destiny's voices drift up the spiraling stairs into her room. The two are discussing the abilities of Kaden's new suit, what it can and can’t do. To someone who did not know Kaden, it appears that the two have known each other for years. 
Alysha looks down at her phone. Her eyes light up when she sees she has full service.  
She puts the phone down on the bed, waiting for the on-rush of alerts, messages, and e-mails. Minutes pass with no new alerts.
Surprised Alysha picks up the phone, scrolling through her contacts she clicks on Raze. 
The phone begins to ring. With each ring, Alysha worries that Raze will not answer his phone. On the last ring she hears his voice. "Alysha?"  Raze asks, his voice filled with confusion. 
"Raze, it's me I'm OK," Alysha says, her voice shaky. What should she tell him, should she tell him everything? 
"I thought you were dead." 
"No, I've been on an island, in Ireland." 
"I got your text message." 
"Why didn't you come, why didn't you look for me?" 
"Have you not seen what is happening? What the world has fallen into? 
"What's happening?" 
"Where have you been; what have you been doing?" 
"I've been with Kaden; we've been on this island." 
"Ireland you said that." 
"Why didn't you come looking for me; why didn't you come try to find me?"  Alysha had always been skeptical of Raze, now that he did not look for her, her sinking suspicions were beginning to awaken latent memories.
"Alysha, you sent me a text with a location in Ireland 30 minutes after I last saw you. It was obvious to me you were lying, that you didn't want to be with me." 
"Raze that's not true." 
"A few days later it happened Alysha." 
"What happened?" 
"Aliens Alysha; they are real; they are here; they revealed themselves." 
"What?" Says Alysha, trying to act surprised. 
"It cannot be explained over the phone, where are you? I'll come get you." 
Alysha pulls her phone away, opening her GPS app, she locates herself. With the coordinates she sends a text message to Raze. 
"Alysha, that's in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean." 
"No it's not, we're on an island." 
"We?" 
"Kaden Hunt and myself." 
"What island Alysha?" 
"You wouldn't believe me if I told you." 
"Try me." 
"Hy-Brasil." 
The phone goes silent for several minutes, Alysha checks to see if Raze has ended the call. She is relieved to hear his voice, "I'll be there shortly." 

Chapter 16

Destiny stops talking mid-sentence. She looks directly up. She hears Alysha talking, yet she cannot hear anyone talking. She can access any piece of information around the planet. It has been how she kept an eye on Kaden, waiting for him to come to her in the modern age. It was much harder in his previous lives to track him.  
She has access to any server around the world, even into the solar system. She knows of the Annunaki, she knows of the colonies on Mars, she knows what is happening around the world. Still she cannot act on her own, she cannot simply access any file and release it to the public. Such actions have consequences. It would draw the attention of those she is trying to hide from. 
"Kaden, I'm afraid our conversation needs to be cut short." 
Kaden looks at Destiny quizzically. "What are you talking about?"  
Destiny replays Alysha's conversation. Kaden clenched his fists while grinding his teeth. He hates Raze with primordial rage. His hate for Raze is embedded in his genetics as much as he is The Traveler. 
When the conversation ends, Kaden grabs a vase and throws it across the room. Why does he hate so much a man he knows nothing about? 
"Destiny, can you tell me who he is, not just in this life, but in other lives?" 
An image of Raze appears in Kaden's eye. "Raze Gron is an alien hybrid. According to reports I've seen he works for Shamash. His purpose on this planet is not known." 
"Who is he to me, why do I hate him?" 
"I do not have access to the Annunaki archives. I am afraid I cannot answer that." 
"Destiny, you have access to any file around the planet. Can you take several files and release them to news organizations, to the masses? Let them know what is happening?" 
"While I do have access, my access is secretive. If I reveal myself, it will alert all of my presence to both the world governments and the Annunaki." 
"Is that a bad thing?" 
"It is very bad. If they discover me, they will learn who you are. I have been a thief sneaking around; looking at things I should not look at, careful to never take anything." 
"Some AI." 
"I will grow in what I can do, as will you. Eventually yes, I will be able to manipulate and take control, without fear of being caught, without worrying of my firewalls. As for now, just like you I must fight in the shadows. I am your silent partner Kaden. Only you will be able to see me, interact with me." 
"The information you display, you'll only be able to display it when it is just us?" 
"No, I can pass on information only to you. I can only interact with you." 
The tower shakes, paintings fall from the wall, furniture topples over. "What is that?" Kaden asks. 
An image of a small triangular Annunaki ship appears in his eye. The ship is firing at the shield. A status bar indicating the shields strength appears.  
"It appears Raze has already told his masters of our location," Destiny says casually. "While the shield will hold, it appears they can drop through the shield." 
Even though there are three stories above him, Kaden sees the outline of the ship hovering over the top of the tower. He sees two women and one man drop from the ship, landing on the tower. He sees information on each of the soon to be attackers. 
"Destiny this is really cool," Kaden says, his eyes becoming overloaded with too much information. "Can you just show me the outline of them and just tell me the other information? I don't need to see their age, height, sex, how fast their heart is beating." 
"Of course." 
Kaden's eyes clear, showing only the movement of the three attackers. He sees all three pull out what appears to be sword hilts. He watches mesmerized when one of the attackers activates it. A blade forms of pure fire. Kaden watches as a short blast of fire flows from the handle, blasting through the door up above. 
"The temperature of the fire is two Hundred degrees Kelvin." 
Alysha runs down stairs. "What is going on?" 
Kaden comes at her in a rage. He closes the distance between them in seconds. Grabbing her by the neck he shoves her against the wall. He lifts her up several feet. 
Alysha sees uncontrollable rage is his eyes, rage that needs blood, which wants revenge. He is blinded by his rage, acting on it. Whoever is in his way, he will kill. Whatever they have done to him, they will pay tenfold. 
"You called Raze Gron, the traitor. Now we have three assassins coming down to kill us." 
Destiny appears next to Kaden. "Kaden the attackers are two floors above us. I would suggest you focus your anger on them, Alysha did not know." 
Kaden tightens his grip before he releases Alysha. Grabbing at her neck, Alysha gasps for air. The rage, she has seen it before in another's eyes. The one she is looking for. Perhaps Kaden is the one she is looking for, and the façade can finally be over. Alysha thinks to herself.
Kaden turns to Destiny, who looks saddened, as if she were losing something precious to her. "They are burning the library," Destiny says. 
Kaden looks up; a second later he blasts through the roof flying upward. 
Creating a hole in the floor of the library, Kaden surprises the first woman as he hovers inches off the ground. 
Her surprise lasts less than a second. She yells at him as she charges. In a beat of a heart she hits Kaden harder than he has ever been hit before, sending both through the wall of the tower into the night air. Both Kaden and the woman hurtle toward the rocky ground below. 
Kaden quickly flies out from underneath her, allowing her to fall to her death. Kaden smiles at his victory, a smile quickly turned to a frown when the woman stops several feet below him.  
The woman smiles at him, taunting him. Kaden has never seen another human able to fly before.  
"Kaden above you," Destiny says. Kaden looks up to see several fire bolts hurtling at him. He quickly moves out of the way, one of the bolts hits the woman, vaporizing her. 
Kaden sees several more shots fired at him in rapid succession.  
Kaden feels a kick from the back, sending him hurtling toward the rocks below him. He quickly regains control of his flight, and shoots back up at his attacker; only to be met with another barrage of fire bolts. 
He throws up a shield blocking the bolts. "Destiny give me a way around them." Kaden sees a blue line. The line leads right through the tower. "Really?" Kaden asks. An image of Destiny in the corner of his eye shrugs. 
Kaden lets out a soft sigh. Dropping his shield, he throws a quick ball of energy up, causing an explosion when it meets the oncoming fire bolts, giving him the cover, he needs to burst through the tower. 
The line leads him through the other wall in the tower, up and around to above the assailants. Kaden sees them floating around looking for him. 
He smiles, throwing his hand downward, as if to swat a fly, the two attackers are sent hurtling down toward the rocks below. 
Halfway down both begin to fight his psychokinetic attack by pushing upward with their own psychokinetic abilities. They begin to inch upward. They are strong, and Kaden begins to sweat with exertion, together they are starting to overpower Kaden. 
"Might I make a suggestion Kaden?" Destiny asks. 
"Make it quick." Kaden yells, as the two are only a few feet from the top of the tower. 
"They are too focused on what they are doing; surprise them with a different attack." 
In his other hand Kaden forms two translucent Astral balls of light. He throws them downward through the tower.  
The two attackers rise above Kaden, having beaten his push downward. Both smile at him as he feels himself begin to move downward because their concentrated attacked is too much. 
The two spheres of Astral energy fly toward his attackers from behind. Upon hitting them, they both scream in pain, causing Kaden to cover his ears with his hands. 
When the screams fade, Kaden looks up to see only a shimmer of their aura left. He smiles, before he hits the roof top sweating and panting. It was the hardest fight he has ever fought, but he won. 
Alysha rushes onto the roof. Kaden lays motionless, filled with worry she runs toward him only to stop several feet in front of him.  She sees Raze floating down to the roof wearing a black suit, similar in design to the Hy-Brasil inhabitants, his fire-red hair perfectly spiked, imparting a sinister look which sends shivers down her back.
Raze gently lands on top of the roof. Kaden tries to force himself upward; he finds that he cannot as an invisible force is pressing down on him.  
"Kaden Hunt, you have been a thorn in my master’s side for eons," Raze says, as he begins to pace around Kaden and Alysha. 
Kaden looks up at Raze with hate and disdain. 
"When I bring you in, it will elevate my master above everyone else." Raze focuses his attention on Alysha. "Alysha I am really surprised to see you, after my Shadow Assassin vanished I assumed you were dead." 
"You sent that thing?" 
"Of course, I did. I had no more use for you, you brought me to him. After all the life times we spent together in bitter agony, I wanted you to die painfully." 
Kaden manages to push himself up, surprising even Raze. He throws an enhanced punch at Raze, who catches it. Raze places his other hand on Kaden's chest. A surge of energy sends Kaden backwards over the edge of the tower. 
Kaden tries to fly upward; he is no match for Raze currently in his exhausted state. Kaden's vision goes black as he falls on the pointed rocks which are now sticking through his bloody corpse. 
Raze drags Alysha by her hair over to the edge of the tower. "I want you to know Alysha, he is the one you have been looking for, the one that made you become human." 
Raze releases his grip, laughing. Alysha begins to cry at the site of Kaden's dead body bleeding below.  
Alysha looks at Raze, hate burning in her eyes. "I'll kill you!" 
Raze laughs, "Please you've only been a human for ten lifetimes, your power is not nearly equal to mine." 
Alysha flings herself at Raze, who simply sidesteps and hits her on the head, knocking her unconscious. "Shamash will want to meet you." 
Both Raze, and Alysha begin to float up to the small ship. When both disappear into the ship, it takes off. 
Destiny looks down at Kaden, saddened by his death. He will come again; he will find her again in another life, as he has in this one. 
Two orbs whiz past Destiny toward Kaden's body. Using beams of light, they lift him up.  
The orbs follow Destiny down the stairs to the middle level, into a plain bedroom. 
The orbs pass by Destiny to set Kaden on the bed. 
"I had really hoped this time we would be able to leave; we would be able to fight. He is coming, I feel him faintly. Your true enemy Traveler is coming, the one we must stop. I'm afraid time is running out. 

Chapter 17

Kaden Hunt floats in blackness. The song of Death, a song that he’s heard many times and that brought him comfort, surrounds him.
Memories began to return to him as brief visions and flashes of Arthur at Camelot, Leif Erickson, King David, Nikola Tesla, Alexander, the Great, and Leonardo Da Vinci. His mind races with different memories, feelings and thoughts.
Memories of Enki, Shamash and of himself as an Annunaki, as Amen-Ra, also flash through his consciousness – where they were arguing and fighting, as well as of them killing and betraying him.
“The memories will take time to sort out,” Death says, coming up next to him and taking his hand.
“I’m dead, aren’t I?” Kaden asks with a tone of sadness as countless lifetimes of pain and loss fill his head.
“Not by my choosing.”
“I will need to be reborn to continue the fight. There are too many memories to process; many will need to be withheld.”
“Just as we did before,” Death responds.
Kaden nods, making his way to a bright light, a portal to a new birth, new body, new time, and new struggles. He will have to start all over again, as he has many times before, without his current memories. 
His endless fight will continue. How many lifetimes will he go through only to die again, to pick up the fight again. His old soul grows tired; it is becoming hell for him. Each lifetime he will learn more, ultimately to die. 
Kaden turns to Death, “Can I stay here, just for a bit? My soul is growing heavy.”
Death smiles at him as she leads him away. The further he drifts, the happier he feels as the burdens of life pass over him. Why should he be the responsible one?
“Kaden,” comes a faint shout. Kaden looks around for the source of the noise. “Traveler wait.” In front of Kaden a large green Annunaki dressed in finery appears before him.
Death hisses at the Annunaki’s presence; it is an insult to her.
Kaden recognizes Enki standing in front of him. “Kaden please wait.” Kaden and Death continue pass Enki, who again appears in front of them. “Traveler wait!” Kaden stops, what would it hurt to hear Enki out? He would eventually forget the conversation when he returns to the land of the living. “What do you want Enki?”
“To apologize.”
Kaden looks at Enki in surprise. “For what?”
“Everything Kaden, we were wrong.”
“It’s a little late now isn’t it? I am dead; I will be reborn to continue the fight.”
“Kaden listen to me, there is trouble, trouble only you can stop.” 
“I know. It will have to wait until I regain my powers, until I can fight again.”
Death looks at Enki, “He is dead; for him to live again, he must be reborn.”
“A life for a life,” Enki says. “Mine for his.”
Kaden is caught off guard, “What are you talking about?”
“I will die in your place,” Enki turns to Death. “Is that acceptable to you?”
Death ponders the offer briefly. “It is.”

Chapter 18

The world around him slowly begins to take shape when he opens his eyes. Reaching down instinctively to where he had been impaled on the rocks, expecting to find gaping holes in his body, he lets out a small laugh followed by a heartier laugh. Even his suit has stitched itself back together. 
He can vaguely recall being dead, he should be dead, why isn't he dead? He remembers talking to Death, the glimpse into his past, a past that eludes him still. Enki was there, and Enki took Kaden’s place. 
Kaden squeezes his hands, Enki is dead. As he squeezes, he realizes something is in his hand. Looking down he sees a long blue crystal. Instinctively he breaks it in half. Both halves turn to dust, the first cloud of dust floats toward Destiny, who seems to happily inhale the dust, if a hologram can breathe. Her eyes light up, as she processes the data. 
The other half floats several feet away from Kaden. Swirling about in what Kaden thinks at first to be random patterns, until he recognizes the pattern as his pattern. 
Kaden thrusts his hand into the dust, releasing a small amount of energy allowing the dust to recognize him. The dust flies at him. Kaden closes his eyes, breathing the dust in. 
Kaden opens his eyes, which are glowing blue. Slowly the glow fades as the last of the dust settles. He knows what has happened, he can feel it. 
The crystal shifted him to a higher vibrational rate, jumped him forward in evolution. He can feel new abilities, more energy racing through his body. His understanding of the universe, of what is around him, grew as well.  
He looks at Destiny, recognizing she too experienced a vibrational shift.  
Power, abilities, and perspectives are limited by dimensions, limited to the dimension one vibrates on. Before, Kaden had vibrated at a higher dimension than most humans; now he feels an increase in his vibrations. 
"I'm light," Destiny says, as she realizes that her pattern, her energy, is certain frequencies of light, certain vibrations. "I can travel on light; I can send my signal on light, on different frequencies. I just need a way to translate those frequencies." 
Kaden smiles, he has already knowns this, or has thought of the possibility. Several years back Kaden theorized that a person's soul is simply energy and their body is an antenna, which picks up their signal. "Your suit does that for you Destiny.” 
"To appear as I am now, to interact with you as I do now, I can still use other means, whether through a computer or through a crystal?" 
Destiny blinks several times, before looking at Kaden. "There is a message for you." 
That surprised Kaden. "From who?" 
"Enki." 
A blue hologram of Enki appears in front of Kaden. "Hello Kaden, if you are seeing this it means Death accepted my trade, my life for yours – repaying what I took from you long ago." 
What has Enki taken? Has he known Enki before? There were too many questions, and unknowns that his memories would have. 
"When you were Amen-Ra, when you were one of the Annunaki, you defended the Humans, taught them. Shamash and I agreed humans were below us, we could not have them as equals, as you wanted. Yet you would not listen, leaving us no choice but to kill you." 
"It was a decision I have regretted every day for the last 40,000 years. I hope that my death and the crystal will start to correct what I did." 
"To answer one of your many questions about the crystal, no the crystal will not make you as powerful as Shamash. While it has raised you to a higher dimension, there are still levels in a given dimension that you must climb through on your own to get to Shamash’s dimension." 
"Kaden with my death, no one will be able to stop Enki from treating the humans as slaves on this planet. Two months ago we revealed ourselves to the people. We came in the name of peace that we were here to help. By coming in peace, we were able to gain the respect of humanity. A plan Shamash greatly hated, he wanted to enslave the population outright. I managed to convince him that turning the people against you would make them fight you for us. I'm afraid with my death, and what Shamash believes to be your death, he will see no reason to not enslave humanity. No one will be able to stop him." 
"It will be worse than in times long ago, he has grown mad with fear – fear of you as The Traveler, fear of our Father. There are those that think Kronos is returning, signs that he and the other Titans, who you banished as Amen-Ra, are coming back. There’s also the fear of the Orionites, of the war that is being lost to them. He will now turn to Earth, to humanity as a place to hide, as a place to rebuild our race." 
"Goodbye and good luck. The Traveler is needed again, not just here, but out there." 
The hologram of Enki vanishes leaving Kaden to ponder, Kronos and the Titans returning, a war with the Orionites. He realizes there is too much he does not know, too much he needs to learn.  
Kaden pushes himself up from the bed, renewing his defenses around him. The first thing he must do is to get off this little island; he needs to know what is happening. He can address the question of Kronos, and The Orionites later. Right now, he has to focus on the solution of stopping Shamash. 
Part way to the door Kaden turns and looks at Destiny. "Where's Alysha?" 
Destiny glances downward, trying to figure out how to respond. 
"Destiny, it's obvious she's not here. Where is she?" 
Destiny looks up at him, her face saddened by what she is about to tell him. "Raze has her." 
Kaden's face grows with anger. If Raze has her, soon Shamash will. He has seen villages burnt just for sheltering him. Alysha knows him, she is his friend. What will Shamash do to her? 
"Can you track Raze's ship?" 
In Kaden's eye, he sees a magnification of Raze's ship flying in low orbit. Destiny shows Kaden its trajectory, speed, dimensions. For Kaden, all he cares about is how to get to the ship. It is too high in orbit to fly toward. He can however create a bubble of air. 
"Won't work," Destiny responds to his thoughts. 
"You can hear my thoughts?" 
"We went over this earlier." 
"Will I not have private thoughts?" 
"You might, once you learn to block them." 
Kaden's face goes red, if she can hear his thoughts…
"Yes, I see what you are thinking of doing to me," Destiny says in response to Kaden, whose face continues to grow redder. "While it's flattering, that's not what I'm designed for. 
Kaden wants revenge; he begins to focus until he can hear Destiny's own thoughts. He smiles in triumph. "It will take a lot of getting use to I guess," Kaden says. 
Destiny nods in agreement. 
"Alright, if my idea of flying toward the ship won't work, what do you suggest?" 
"I have a transporter, given the speed, and heading, I believe I can get us on the ship." 
Kaden raises an eyebrow, "You believe?" 
"The calculations are incredibly complex." 
"You're an AI, you're supposed to be able to make these calculations in your sleep." 
"I don't sleep. At the same time, I have to hack the transporter to change the desired location." 
"Can you do it?" 
"Yes." 
"Lead the way."  
Destiny passes Kaden, who follows right behind. He must admit he has a nice view. Kaden smiles when Destiny turns to look at him, chastising him with a glare. 

Chapter 19

Raze leans back in his chair, relaxing in his victory. Alysha sits nearby frozen under a small force field; her eyes are red from crying. She numbly watches the round view screen in front of her, watching clouds quickly go by.  
She is most likely heading toward her death. Raze will bring her to Shamash, who will kill her or torture her just for being associated with Kaden, The Traveler; the one she has been looking for, for a thousand years.  
Raze gets up; walks to her and squats down in front of her. "To be honest, it has been torture for me all these lifetimes with you. Having to watch you, to make sure you and Kaden never found each other," Raze laughs, as new tears begin to form in Alysha's eyes. "Pretending to love you, well I should win an Oscar." 
As Raze continues to talk, Alysha zones him out. Kaden is dead; he will have to be reborn again. Of course, Shamash will more than likely find a way to prevent him from being reborn. If Shamash knows who Kaden is, knows that he is The Traveler, he has been lying to his own people for thousands of years. 
Raze grabs Alysha by the back of her neck, forcing her to pay attention. He sends a small amount of energy into her, causing her pain. She bites the inside of her cheek, until it bleeds. She will not let him have the satisfaction of hearing her scream. Memories of times they had been together fill her with utter misery.  
Alysha looks up at him, "You think you're the only one who pretended?" 
Raze pulls his hand away. Moving to her front he squats in front of her again. Grabbing one of her breasts he squeezes hard, taking care to pinch a nipple. "I seem to remember you loved when I did this." 
Alysha laughs, "I faked that to play to your ego. I was using you the entire time." 
Raze let’s go of her breast to backhand her on the cheek. "I will show you who is in charge." 
A flash of light causes Raze to look up. Three tall Annunaki, all a lighter green than Shamash, all with Blonde hair appear. Raze recognizes one of the Annunaki as Horus, a former Admiral in Enki's fleet. All are wearing black military suits, signs of disgraced soldiers. Raze cannot think of why they would be wearing those colors, Horus had never done anything to disgrace himself. 
"What are you doing here?" Raze asks. He feels a tickle on the back of his neck before he flies upward hitting his head on the top of the ship – unless they were disgracing themselves now.
"The Traveler has been found?" Horus asks. Moving toward Alysha he releases her from the shield holding her. 
"Yes, and he is dead. Our search must start over." 
Disappointment quickly settles on the three Annunaki. While their numbers are small, there are those who are still loyal to The Traveler, whatever form he takes. Horus is the adopted son of The Traveler, taken in when his grandfather, Kronos, killed his mother. 
"Will you be leaving to be reborn?" The youngest of the three Annunaki asks. Alysha found The Traveler once before, only to have him just die within minutes of her recognizing him.  
As Raze begins to push himself up, Alysha delivers a kick to his face, knocking him unconscious. Moving to a nearby control panel, Alysha changes the autopilot to crash in the ocean. 
"No, every time I find him, he dies again," Alysha responds. "We will continue the fight, Shamash must be stopped." 
Alysha stands by Horus as the four vanish in a brilliant flash of light. 

Chapter 20

Kaden flashes onto Raze's ship ready for a fight. Although Raze beat him before – out of sheer luck – Kaden now is stronger, capable of doing more than Raze can imagine. 
Kaden scans his surroundings on the bridge of the little ship. He sees the ship spiraling toward the sea. "Destiny what's going on?" 
"We're crashing," Destiny says appearing next to him. 
"I see that, can you stop it?" 
Destiny moves to a nearby console. Touching it she disappears into it.  
"Where did you go?" 
"I'm connecting to the ship," Destiny says. "Give me a second." Kaden sees the ship moving closer toward the ocean.  
"Destiny I don't have to remind you that we won't survive this crash." 
"Got it." 
Kaden sighs when he sees the image of the ship leveling out on a view screen.  
With imminent danger no longer a possibility, Kaden realizes Raze is lying unconscious. Kaden smiles at his luck.  
Picking Raze up, Kaden places Raze in a nearby chair that has a few drops of blood on it. If it is Alysha’s blood, Kaden will make Raze pay. There is one ability that only Kaden knows, one power that can bend anyone to his will.  
"Kaden," Destiny appears next to Kaden. "I have complete control of the ship. There is a force field here that will hold him in place. Shall I activate it?" 
Kaden nods. With a grin of satisfaction, Kaden cracks his knuckles before punching Raze in the face.  
Raze groans, his head slowly lifting as he wakes. Raze moves his jaw, feeling its stiffness. Looking around, he sees Kaden standing over him. "I killed you." 
Kaden smiles at him, before he punches him again in the face. "Does that feel dead to you?" 
Raze cracks his neck, to taunt Kaden. "Really? Is that all you have?" 
Kaden smiles, raising a hand to deliver another blow, he stops mid swing.  
"You are smart I see," Raze says, laughing.  
"Destiny, please rewrite any controls and codes on the ship." She nods before disappearing.  
You don't have to vanish like that. Kaden thinks. 
“It helps me focus,” Destiny responds. 
Kaden returns his attention to Raze. Five small balls of light appear floating around Raze's head. 
"Am I supposed to be impressed with psy balls?" Raze mocks.  
One of the balls flies into Raze's neck, leaving a scorch market. Raze yells in agony; looking at Kaden he feels fear. Another ball flies at Raze, this time disappearing into his stomach, burning through his shirt. Raze yells longer; as he feels his very soul in agony; on fire. 
"What are you doing?" Raze asks, panting. For the first time in his life, he feels worried. He has never felt pain like this, never felt his soul to burn. 
"I discovered something awhile back," Kaden says, moving a new ball between his fingers like someone flipping a pen. Kaden flattens his hand, pointing his palm upward; the ball floats only a few inches above. Slamming his hand into Raze's chest, Raze lets out a frantic scream of pain, causing Kaden to once again harden his heart, as he has done recently. Kaden knows to well the pain Raze is feeling, as he himself has felt it. "I can make the soul burn; it's a very effective form of torture." 
Raze looks at Kaden, tears running down his cheeks, the odor of burnt flesh beginning to fill the small room. The three remaining balls fly into Raze all at the same moment. Raze yells in agony for minutes, as his soul burns. If it was his skin burning the nerves will eventually die, but the pain of his soul burning seems to not stop. Raze is trapped in the eternity of a second. Kaden knows when it comes to burning the soul, time is lost, all there is is the pain.
Kaden looks at him, another ball forming, a larger one. Raze watches in horror as the ball of light turns to a knife. Kaden smiles, before slamming the knife into Raze's leg. Raze howls in unending pain. He looks down at his leg horrified to see the knife still embedded in it. Before, the balls of light had vanished, now the knife keeps its form.  
Raze looks up at Kaden, his eyes begging for the pain to stop. Every place where one of Kaden's spheres touches Raze still numbly burns, occasionally flaring up in pain. "Please," Raze manages to squeak out between screams of pain. 
Kaden waves a hand, the knife vanishes, and the burning stops. Raze slumps his head, the memories of the pain still vivid.  
Kaden forms another knife, Raze watches as Kaden twirls it between his fingers. Razes soul screams in terror. "Please Kaden not again, please the pain." 
Kaden stops playing with the knife. Using the blade, he lifts Raze's chin. "Raze Gron, right hand of Shamash; do you know who I am?" 
"Yes, you are Amen-Ra, The Traveler." 
"Good."  
Kaden pulls the knife away, giving Raze instant relief. No one should be able to cause pain like Kaden can, not even Kaden. A soul is not meant to burn, unless it is in hell. Raze looks at Kaden, he is using hellfire. How can he be using hellfire? 
"I see you realized what I've got here. I've been there, literally, physically been there, for decades Raze. You think I'm 50. I'm actually 89, 39 years I was physically in hell, my body and soul burning each day." 
"How?" 
"What I did in the 80's sent me to hell. By my own choice Raze, I did not deserve redemption, I deserved to be punished. I followed a Shadow Assassin, from the physical world to the Astral, where I found hell, where I burned every day for 39 years Raze. There I found lost knowledge, knowledge whispered to me, knowledge of dark abilities – which I use for good." 
Raze looks at Kaden horrified. To physically enter the Astral is impossible, along with walking into hell on one’s own accord. What had Kaden done that was so terrible that he would chose to walk into hell and stay there for 39 years, enduring such pain and horror? No one wants to choose hell if they have a choice.  
"At first I had gone there to punish myself. I could leave at any time, but then I heard whispers of ancient beings, of ancient knowledge at the deepest depths of hell. So I swam further and further down. Each second, my pain grew exponentially. Eventually I learned to control the pain and thus own it. I learned how to initiate the pain, to create hellfire. That is the secret lost, that hell is within us. I invested several years into perfecting how to inflict pain using hellfire, torching some of the evilest men and women in history. Once I finally learned and perfected how to use hellfire I walked out of there." 
"You cannot just walk out, they won't let you," Raze argues, referring to the guardians of hell. 
Kaden looks at him; a crooked smile spreads across his face. "They will if you are one of them. What I learned, what I know, what I've done in this life, and down there killing and torching all those souls, the guardians, the keepers of hell accepted me." 
The world around Raze, and Kaden starts growing black, hands begin reaching out for Raze, trying to pull him down to the depths of hell.
"Kaden please stop, please I'll do whatever you want. I give you my soul," Raze pleads; his soul shines dimly, moving to stand in front of Kaden. Reaching down Kaden touches the soul, putting his mark on it. He owns Raze now. 
The blackness fades. Raze looks around relieved. "I accept your soul oath Raze Gron. Your soul now belongs to me." 
Raze begins to cry in joy, the depths of hell for eternity avoided. "Thank you, Kaden,!" 
"By the way Raze, I lied. I never spent years in hell; I was rejected when I walked in, sent packing back to this level of existence. They were appalled that I volunteered myself. Before I left however, I stole a bit of hellfire and learned to replicate it.” 
Raze looks at Kaden mortified, the story had been a lie. He has just given over his soul to Kaden on the belief of a lie. Wise words once told to Raze by Amen-Ra echoed in Razes head People will believe a lie, because they are afraid it is true, or because they want to. 
The shield holding Raze drops. Raze stays still, slowly his eyes turn to pure rage, to pure hatred. "You tricked me into giving up my soul on a lie!" 
Raze races at Kaden. Throwing his hand up at Raze, Raze freezes in place.  
"I own you Raze, do not make me destroy your soul." 
Raze clenches his jaw, grinding his teeth. If Kaden wants to, he can force his will on Raze. The more Kaden forces his will, the more of Raze is erased. Eventually he will become an empty shell. 
"Raze tell me where Alysha is?" 
"She was taken by three Annunaki."  
Destiny appears, standing in front of Kaden ignoring Raze.  "Kaden, we have complete control of the ship, I've even initiated several upgrades, including the ability for the ship to cloak." 
"Impossible," Raze yells at Destiny.  
Destiny turns toward Raze, her eyes belittling him. "The ship belongs to us now, not you. Please be quiet until spoken to." Destiny returns her focus to Kaden. "We are receiving a message that is being transmitted on every channel on the planet." 
"Who is broadcasting?" 
"Shamash." 
Kaden and Raze watch as the image of Shamash – a tall, green Annunaki with white hair and eyes, dressed in his red and black battle suit with twin swords on his back – stands on the steps of the White House. Without reading Shamash’s aura, Kaden can see that Shamash projects power.  
"My brother and I came in peace," His voice echoes. No one makes a sound as they want to hear his words. The people have been caught up in the Annunaki; they are new, kind, helpful, making life easier. "Our offer of peace, of brotherhood, was met with death."  
Hushed murmurs brake out in the crowd. Kaden watches as the President, who is standing next to Shamash, looks at him with dread and fear. Kaden surmises that the President knows what is coming. 
"My brother Enki is dead. I found his body this morning, your President shot him." 
Shamash turns to a surprised President, who begins to back away. 
"I did no such thing." 
Shamash holds up a small round device, pushing a button on the side, a hologram appears. People gasp when they see a video of Enki being shot by the President. 
"You lie to us, you reject us, and your leaders hunt and kill us. Humanity does not deserve us; you have proven yourselves to be animals." 
Dozens of Annunaki warships descended from the clouds onto the capital, smaller ships begin to fly out in every direction. Explosions ripple through the air as the Annunaki begin to bomb Washington D.C. 
"You will be treated as animals. This is my planet now, I am in control, your lives are mine to do with as I please." 
Shamash reaches behind him, the President flies into Shamash's outstretched hand. Without looking, Shamash squeezes, severing the President’s head from his body. 
"Your military is ended, your technology destroyed, you will work to serve us. This is your life purpose now." 
"Shut it off!" Kaden shouts, closing his eyes. His biggest fear has come true. Humanity is now enslaved, truly enslaved because of him.
 
Chapter 21

"Kaden," Destiny's gentle voice echoes in his mind. "Kaden, I need you to look at something." 
Kaden nods; on the view screen a map of the world appears. He sees flashes erupt over the image, each flash representing a military base, ship, or weapons reserve being destroyed. In mere minutes, Shamash has managed to wipe out the majority of the world’s military reserves. Kaden watches images of Annunaki forces beginning to bomb food stores and medical supplies, leaving the people dependent on Shamash’s will alone to get the necessities.  Hours pour by as Kaden watches the images.
Shamash has complete control. He will allow the people to riot, to kill each other for weeks if not months. Food will become scarcer; people will turn to cannibalism. Eventually he will come down from his throne, offering food to some. There will be a cost; they will have to work for it. Earn it. How many lives will be lost? 
"Kaden, his army has begun to setup bases around the world." 
Kaden watches large ships landing, toppling skyscrapers, Annunaki are marching out. They will be brutal to the people, beating, raping, killing, torturing anyone they please. Shamash will teach the people to fear the Annunaki, to hide like mice. Their hope, their will be destroyed. 
Kaden watches as network, after network disappears. Satellites are shot out of orbit, falling toward the planet. How quickly Shamash subdues the people. Kaden is powerless to stop him. 
"What do I do? How can I stop him?" Kaden asks, hoping for an answer. 
"How do you fight fear Kaden?" Destiny responds. Images on his view screen flash, men, women, children screaming, cities destroyed. Anti Annunaki riots begin, looting starts.  
Kaden watches as a group of fifty humans confront a group of 5 Annunaki. In seconds each member of the group of humans is killed, their limbs torn from them. Kaden clenches his fist. He grabs Raze by the neck. "Weapons!" 
Raze points to a container near the back of the room. Kaden scrounges through the weapons; he finds a sword hilt. On instinct he activates the hilt, fire shoots out forming the blade. Pressing a button, he shoots a bolt of fire. 
He throws the device at Raze, who lets it hit him in the chest. He looks at Kaden in defiance. Raze begins to feel his will change; bending down he picks the device up. 
Raze activates the device, twirling it to get the feeling of it. He has not used a fire sword in millennia. He prefers his abilities instead of technology, technology can fail, his abilities not so.
Kaden points toward the screen, the ship changes directions on his thought alone. Within minutes they are hovering over downtown Baltimore.  
A hatch at the side of the ship opens as both Kaden and Raze walk toward it. "I'll be back Destiny." 
"I'll be watching." 
Kaden grabs Raze and jumps from the ship, several miles above the ground.  

Chapter 22

Kaden sees through the virtual display in his eyes, five Annunaki below. They are taking turns raping a woman and forcing her husband to watch. Rage and anger fuels Kaden’s dive with more energy. 
When he is several hundred feet above the Annunaki he stops, floating in midair. Two white hot spheres of hellfire form in each hand, each sparkling with anger and rage, each designed to kill. 
Kaden flings both spheres toward the Annunaki. In seconds they hit their targets, loud screams of pain and anguish shatter the glass on nearby buildings as the three remaining Annunaki look up at Kaden surprised. They smile when they look at him. Taking off they fly toward him, hoping for a chase.  
When they are halfway between the ground and Kaden, Kaden swipes his hand to the side forcing The Annunaki to fly into a nearby building. 
Raze slows his descent, stopping near Kaden. He feels in the back of his mind Kaden's will forcing Raze to do whatever Kaden desires. "What should I do?" 
"Three miles east there are two Annunaki on a killing spree. Kill them." Kaden watches intently at the building the Annunaki flew into, he can see that two of them are still alive. They stand there making their plan, they are not quite as confident as before. 
"I won't be able to kill Annunaki," Raze regrets his response instantly. He feels Kaden's presences in the back of his mind forcing him east. "I'll go, just stop." 
Kaden turns to Raze. "Surprise them Raze, make them think they have you. You're human now, you’re better, more creative, think." 
Raze watches as one of the Annunaki flies at Kaden, hitting Kaden, sending him through several skyscrapers. 
"Go!" Kaden shouts, while he flies back at the Annunaki who is only several feet from Raze. 
Raze flies off in the direction Kaden has ordered, certain he will meet his death. 
Having been too distracted by Raze, Kaden quickly remembers there is another Annunaki he has lost track of. "Destiny where is the other one?" Kaden sees the answer in his eyes, before Destiny can speak. He darts upward, avoiding the attack from behind. The Annunaki is not prepared for Kaden's sudden movement, causing the two to collide.  
Kaden looks down, as a crowd begins to gather to watch god's fight. They point at Kaden, whispering, wondering who it is that can fly like the god's, who can stand up to their new oppressors. Wondering why he is human. 
"Destiny, whatever channels are left broadcast this fight. The people need to see hope." 
Kaden races toward the two stunned Annunaki. With a psychokinetic punch, he punches through the first Annunaki. The crowd below applauds as they watch the green alien fall to the earth. 
Kaden grabs the remaining Annunaki quickly throwing her to the ground before she can focus. On impact, the Annunaki creates a large crater. 
Kaden floats himself to the ground, gently touching down. He walks over to the first Annunaki, picking up his head he creates a hellfire knife. Kaden places the knife against the throat of the Annunaki, "Rise up and fight for your lives, take their weapons, fight!" Kaden slits the neck of the Annunaki. A loud cry of pain from the Annunaki's soul burning shatters the surrounding glass, forcing the crowd to cover their ears. 
Letting the body go, it slumps to the ground. Kaden bends down, to pick up two small blades. He tosses them at two men standing nearby. Both catch the blades, they look at Kaden questioningly. "Fight. Fight for your lives, for the lives of everyone around you, your family, your friends, your planet!" 
Kaden flies upward, he needs to find Raze. He now has the beginning of a plan of how to fight Shamash. 

Chapter 23

Raze peers around the corner to watch the Annunaki beating a small crying child. His heart pounds, he has been on the side of the Annunaki. He knows what they can do. It was why he had chosen to be on their side. 
The screams of the child stir something deep down in Raze. They are killing an innocent child. Memories flood his mind; he has burned entire villages to give a message from his masters, a message the Annunaki are sending now. 
The cries stop, peering once more around the corner Raze sees the limp body of the dead child lying in the street, the Annunaki nowhere to be found.  
Reaching out with his mind, Raze’s face turns pale. Turning around he sees them smiling, standing over them. Why are they enjoying this? He knows why, they feel powerful again. The war with The Orionites, a war they were losing made the Annunaki fearful, made them feel weak. Now they can exert control, prove to themselves that they matter once more. 
Without thinking, Raze activates his sword, running it through an unsuspecting Annunaki. Pulling his sword out, Raze watches amazed as the Annunaki topples to the ground.  In disbelief, Raze realizes gleefully he has killed one of them, as a human, he killed one.  
With his mind distracted Raze suddenly feels himself flying backwards through buildings. His shields take most of the damage. When he stops he forces himself up, accessing his full power. He is stronger than most humans, he has abilities. Kaden is more powerful, he was lucky to defeat him before. Yet Kaden has just killed two Annunaki and Raze has killed one. 
Cracking his neck, and flashing a grin, Raze flies at the Annunaki still standing, an unexpected move. With a lowered shoulder Raze sends the Annunaki across the street into a building. 
A bolt of energy flies at Raze, who just manages to get out of the way. The energy vaporizes the building behind him, reminding him that the Annunaki are still more powerful. Raze needs to be creative. 
Activating his weapon, he throws it at the Annunaki emerging from the destroyed shop. The Annunaki swats the sword away as if it was a fly. With a smile, he flings another bolt at Raze. The dust settles, a large crater stands where Raze had been. Shamash will want to know that Raze has betrayed them, the Annunaki thinks to himself 
When the Annunaki turns around, Raze is standing in front of it holding a piece of steel rebar. With a strong psychokinetic thrust, Raze penetrates a weakened Annunaki shield stabbing the creature in the chest.  
Kaden is right. The Annunaki are over confident, do not think. Raze realizes that he himself has a stronger shield, it is made differently. The Annunaki could make a more efficient shield simply by changing the elements and path of energy to create the shield. He remembers the words of Amen-Ra "Stagnation kills; we have grown too complacent in our ways. We must look at everything from a new perspective, to find better ways." 
He is right, they need a new way. Raze blinks watching the Annunaki tumble to the ground. Kaden is right, Shamash and Enki are wrong. They need the humans, he is a human. This is his fight now; the old ways are failing, causing The Annunaki to lose. One on one humans will lose, but through human ingenuity they can possibly win. 
As Kaden floats downward Raze is frozen in his thoughts. Kaden smiles when he sees the look of realization on Razes face, sees the advantages of being human. 
Raze falls to his knees, "My lord I'm sorry for my betrayal."  
Kaden tilts his head. "Raze I do not remember my past lives, all I remember is this life and an idea, the idea of The Traveler." 
Raze blinks when he looks at Kaden. "I betrayed you, when I was sworn to protect you when you were Amen-Ra. It is how Shamash and Enki managed to kill you. You spoke words of heresy, declaring that the humans were equal to the Annunaki. Saying we needed to let them be on their own. That the Annunaki were growing stagnant, and that out stagnation would kill us." 
"Kaden," Destiny says. 
She did not have to finish her thought, Kaden can see in the virtual screen in his eye a dozen Annunaki fighters heading their way.  
Grabbing Raze by the shoulders Kaden lifts him up. "That's great, but we've got a dozen Annunaki fighters coming our way. I don't think we'll be able to fly out of here." 
Dust flies up as a decloaked ship appears next to Kaden and Raze. "Already ahead of you," Destiny says. 

Chapter 24

Alysha sits in awe on the small bed, her eyes blinking rapidly as she watches, for the tenth time, a small hologram of the midday fight that took place a week ago between Kaden and the five Annunaki. The people cheered at the arrival of someone to fight for them. Their cheering stopped when the entire city of Baltimore was leveled to ashes as Sodom and Gomorrah.  
What Alysha could not believe is that, Kaden is alive when he should have been dead. The image of him falling to his death, played nightly in her head. The fact that he is alive alone amazes her. Given the fact that he is somehow more powerful than before, gives her hope. 
Lifting her eyes, she sees Horus walk into her small little room. Since she has discovered Kaden to be The Traveler, naming him, Annunaki loyal to The Traveler, no matter what form he took, were declaring their allegiance to Kaden. Now those Annunaki, including Horus, all crowd aboard four small, ancient ships they managed to steal. However, many those who declared loyalty to The Traveler still hide among Shamash's numbers, as several have been found and killed. If they can somehow prove Kaden to be The Traveler, the hero the Annunaki remembered, more will join their side. 
She knows him or has known him. Using him to gain control over the Annunaki will not bode well with him. Kaden did not like to be led and controlled, let alone used. She knows that she has to keep her cards close to her chest. While Kaden may not be Amen-Ra any longer, he still is The Traveler. His personality and beliefs are still the same. 
Alysha puts the small orb down, turning off the hologram. Putting away her emotions for the man, she has a job to do. Without a word Alysha gets up off her small bed and follows Horus out into the crowded, dark, arched corridors of the ship, a ship designed for Annunaki thus making everything rather large for Alysha. While her room would be small for an Annunaki, it is still a decent size for her. 
Turning to the right Horus and Alysha make their way to the bridge. Containers litter the crowded corridors. "When are we going to get these put away?" 
"When we get more ships," Horus replies, avoiding an Annunaki who is too caught up in their current task to notice Horus.  
Alysha has to admit, his blonde hair, lighter green skin, and the black suit he wears, fit him well. Horus is a larger, more muscular Annunaki, giving him a reputation as one of the most powerful Annunaki, a race which views size as a symbol. What really makes Horus special are his tactics in battle, his ability to lead a fight. 
"Have we had any luck finding Kaden?" Alysha asks, as the pair step onboard an elevator, trying to fill the silence. Alysha offers a smirk, when she realizes that there is no annoying music playing in the lift. "I'm afraid not. After that incident there have been no more public attacks.” Horus says, his eyes straight, trying to not look at Alysha’s pleasing body. “Reports of Annunaki being found dead have been filtering in however." 
"Those can be explained by human fighters." 
The two step out of the elevator. 
"Speaking of which, when will be begin to back the rebels?" Horus asks. 
"When the time is right." 
"How many are dying?" Horus asks, grinding his teeth, he hates sitting still when there is a fight to be had. 
"How many of us will die should we chose a side that is not well organized, one that is not ready to fight?" Alysha stops, she motions around them. "Look at our ships; we're hiding in the Corona of the Sun. We're overcrowded, with limited supplies, and our ships are thousands of years old." 
Alysha continues, Horus takes two quick steps to catch up with her. 
"It would look better to The Traveler if we helped the humans." 
"I want to, we're just not ready. The ships can barely keep the shields above twenty percent to keep solar radiation from leaking in." 
"Let me send out a small party, a small team, not to fight, but to scout, offer guidance." 
"To not fight is to live. You know The Traveler above all things believes in the value of life. Do not throw life away for nothing." 
With a hiss a circular door opens, revealing an active bridge. The ship they are on is damaged, falling apart. They were lucky to have found it drifting into the Sun. Now they along with the rest on the ship, do their best to fix it. 
"Let's see if we can find Kaden Hunt today."  

Chapter 25

Sweat and blood drip down Kaden's face, his breath short. He waits for another hit but Raze does not deliver. He stands bent over, his hands on his knees panting from excursion. Raze looks up at Kaden, admitting defeat. 
Kaden laughs before he moves to the side of the room, grabbing a towel and a bottle of water he tosses them both to a grateful Raze. Taking another towel, Kaden begins to wipe the blood and sweat off. The blood is Raze’s, while the sweat is his. 
Raze slumps against the wall of the scout ship, crates stacked around the small room they have designated for training. 
"Better Raze," Kaden says. Since Raze killed the two Annunaki, his desire to train, to learn, is unpresented. His motivation pushes Kaden to become better. Kaden sees a genuine change in Raze, a change that makes Kaden realize he only served Shamash because he valued his own life. He chose the side he thought would win, to keep his life.  
Still the life Raze lived under Shamash was not life – constant fear of death, of torture, of failing to complete a task he was ordered to do. Raze had not been free to pursue his own endeavors, his own passions and wants. When Raze first came to Earth as a human, it was out of fear. He had been tasked with keeping Kaden and Alysha apart. For a thousand years, he did not get to live his own life. Now he has a chance to fight for his life, to determine his own fate. 
"Is that your blood?" Raze asks, his left eye swollen shut. 
Kaden smirks. Lowering his right hand, a soft white glow touches Raze’s skin. Instantly his cuts and bruises vanish; his eye returns to normal. 
"When are you going to teach me that?" Raze asks. The ability to regenerate to heal was lost long ago to both humans and the Annunaki.
"When you are ready," Kaden says. Knowing it isn't much of an answer. Kaden knows that Raze already knows how to regenerate, over a long period of time. Raze just needs to learn how to do it faster. "This dimension limits you Raze." 
"You've said that before. What does it mean?" 
"If I told you, you would not have the joy of learning on your own." 
Destiny appears in the small training room. "Is workout time over?" 
"Yes," Kaden says, Destiny nods and Kaden's clothes revert to looking new and fresh. 
"When am I going to get that as well?" Raze jokes. Personally, he has no desire for an AI in his head; everyone he knows hates AI's, everyone, but Kaden. 
"Any interesting news or important news Destiny?" Kaden asks. Putting down his bottle of water he walks out of the small training room into a small foyer with four other doors. Each door leading to a different part of the small scout ship: the bridge, crew quarters – all three of them – an engineering room, and a medical center. Kaden walks straight to the bridge while Raze turns to the crew quarters to change. 
Once on the bridge Kaden heads to the captain’s chair.   
"Shamash destroyed another city," says Destiny, hating when she delivers bad news to Kaden. With Baltimore destroyed, Shamash has taken an even more aggressive stance on rebellion, destroying multiple cities if there is a whisper of rebellion.  
The first three cities were the hardest for Kaden, as he watched millions die. He wants to help yet he knows he cannot. Instead, he and Raze have focused on gathering supplies – weapons, food, medicine, and computers. Completely filling the ship, including the bridge where they are stacked to the ceiling.  
"What city?" Kaden asks mournfully. 
"Portland." 
Raze walks into the room drying his hair with a towel, shirtless, and scars covering his muscled body. "Maine or Oregon?" 
"Oregon," Destiny replies. "That is thirteen cities in nine days." 
"What’s the death toll?" Kaden hates to ask, but he needs to know. 
"One billion, three hundred million, forty-seven." 
Raze sits down opposite Kaden; he knows when Kaden is in a sour mood. Recently it seems he is always in a sour mood these days. "What are we going to do?" 
"What can we do, every time we manage to inspire people to fight, Shamash destroys a city." 
Hesitantly Raze speaks, "We can leave. We have a ship; there is an entire cosmos out there to explore." 
Kaden has thought on that idea himself, he is The Traveler, exploring is his nature. Eventually he will find a way to travel across the universes; it is who The Traveler is. For now, he could settle for exploring the current universe.
Kaden shakes his head no. "The fight is here; people need us here." 
"We can look for The Orionites," Destiny chimes in, a new race, formerly a slave race to the Annunaki, just as the humans.
Kaden has thought on that idea as well, however to introduce humanity from one alien race to another, especially a war like race as The Orionites would bring trouble. “This is a battle humanity must free itself from," Kaden says. 
"Eventually he'll have to stop the bombing," Raze says after a few moments of silence. 
"When the people stop fighting back," Kaden says, getting up he begins to pace. 
"We need a way to stop the bombing, a way to allow the people to rise up and fight. If they are not ready to fight, maybe they need to do it in secret." 
"Fight in secret?" 
Kaden nods. 
"There are small groups of rebels gathering in remote places," Destiny adds. 
"Right, we know that when small gorilla cells of no more than fifty or so engage the Annunaki nothing seems to happen. Yet when a larger force of what… a thousand or more starts a fight, the bombs begin falling, yes?  
Destiny nods. 
Yet he has never leveled a mountain or a forest, why?" Kaden asks. 
"Because he is trying to make a point. He’s saying, ‘If you rebel against me, I will retaliate three, four, five, six-fold what you do to me.’ He is trying to make everyone afraid," Raze says. 
"Exactly, if entire cities, the large points of population are afraid, then he has control over a majority of the population," says Kaden. 
"What happens if a large enough force gets together? What is to stop Shamash from a precision attack?" Destiny asks. 
"What is he using to destroy the cities? Do all of his ships have the capability?" Kaden asks both Raze and Destiny. 
An image of a large ship in orbit appears on their view screen. The ship is the central control point for Shamash's super weapon that he uses to level cities. 
"If we take out that ship, it levels the playing field," Raze points out, as he begins to see a plan. "That's his super weapon, which can destroy an entire city. The rest of the ships are carriers and destroyers. They do not have the firepower to level a city."  
"So, we take out that ship, and all he has are a bunch of advanced ships with fighters," Kaden says, resting in his chair. 
"If I can access the ship’s systems, I can disrupt all the other ships’ navigations," Destiny says excitedly. 
"What do you mean?" Kaden asks. 
"Any ship in Shamash's fleet can scan the entire planet. Although Shamash might not be able to level a city he would still be able to make a precision attack. If I upload a virus into the Annunaki computer system, destroying their long-range scanning capability…" 
"It would give anyone wanting a chance to fight, a chance," Raze finishes Destiny's sentence. "The ships will still have short range scanning capability, maybe a mile or two at best. Still they will not be able to determine a certain individual, or individuals hiding among a crowd after attacking a patrol. Since they destroyed all our satellites, they won’t be able to use them." 
"And if the Annunaki attack a large enough crowd with just ground forces, the crowd will be able to overpower them," Kaden smiles. It is the best plan we have come up with so far. The only problem is how to get on board that ship? 
"We're cloaked we can simply fly in," Destiny responds to his thought. Kaden is still not used to her knowing his thoughts. Purposely thinking of a rather nasty sexual thought, Destiny shoots Kaden a scolding look. Kaden in return smiles. It is a game the two have started, with him being the only one who initiates. 
"We can teleport in," Raze interrupts whatever the two are doing to one another. The lack of privacy in their heads would drive a sane man insane. Of course, Kaden is already an insane man, does that mean Destiny is driving him sane? 
"We don't have a teleporter," Destiny responds to Raze. 
"We steal one," Raze answers her. 
"From where?" Kaden asks intrigued. 
"An old Annunaki base; there are several of them. One on the Moon, that one might be too close. Two are on Mars, though humans have discovered them in the 1980’s. I would venture the old research base that is falling into Jupiter would be a good spot to start." 
"What base is falling into Jupiter?" 
"There was a research base about twelve thousand years ago orbiting around Jupiter. When the Annunaki finally left humanity alone the base was abandoned, just as most of the other bases around the solar system have been abandoned. If it is still there, it would be falling into Jupiter by now. And that’s a strong if.”  
Destiny turns to Raze, curious. "What about other bases, other places we can check that might have technology to take?" 
Raze rubs his chin as he thinks. "The asteroid belt is rumored to have a military base. It is also rumored that several ships have been placed in orbit close to the sun to save for another time. Mars used to be a very lively human colony; Titan has a few Annunaki research facilities; a few ships have been lost in the Kuiper belt." 
"How do you know this?" Kaden asks. While he has found vague mentions of what Raze is talking about in ancient texts, he had never found anything concrete. 
"I do remember my past lives Kaden; I remember them very vividly. I was on a few of those bases," a disgruntled Raze replies. 
"Which one is our best shot?" Kaden asks. 
"I would say Jupiter, and we'll go from there." 
Kaden feels the engines of the small ship begin to activate. Once the engines are warm, he watches as Earth fades into blackness, their ship heading toward Jupiter. 

Chapter 26

Kaden is lying on a small uncomfortable bed, in his small room. The ship hums as it travels at sub light speed. While the ship is fast, the time to cross the distance from Earth to Jupiter still takes time, time that Kaden is spending in a hopeful mood. They at last have a plan, a goal, and a way to possibly stop the killing of billions of people. In the back of his mind he is still worried; if he must face Shamash head on he will lose.  
Raze has reminded Kaden that he needs the people to help in the fight, a fight that will see more die, more injured. There will be those who lose Fathers, Mothers, Sisters, Brothers, Husbands, and Wives. War is a terrible thing, sometimes it is needed to get rid of something even more terrible. 
Destiny appears lying next to Kaden, who rolls over to look at her. Destiny in turn rolls over and looks at Kaden, they both smile before rolling back onto their backs to stare at the ceiling. 
The thought of leaving Earth behind, of leaving its problems and starting over intrigues Kaden immensely. He can tell it intrigues Destiny just as much.  
"Who would you be if you just ran away, never finishing anything?" Destiny asks, responding to Kaden's thoughts. He does not know if he will ever be used to never having privacy again. 
"I would be The Traveler." 
"The Traveler doesn't run away." 
"Yet, The Traveler travels. How long have I been stuck on Earth? There is so much out there still to learn, still to understand." 
"Would you just observer or get involved?" 
"I would get involved." 
Destiny's silence gives Kaden the answer he needs. Eventually he will need to explore, search out the multiverse. He feels all of them calling to him, all of the possibilities, every second something new happening, he wants to see it. It is a call deep in his soul to travel. 
Have you given much thought-on Alysha?" Destiny asks. Part of Destiny is happy to have the woman gone; she would have been a distraction. The other part feels what Kaden feels – worry. 
"With everything that is happening, I haven't had time," Kaden tells Destiny. Alysha is a complicated subject. 
"Are you attracted to her?" 
Kaden frowns; he has thought on this very question himself many times. "She is certainly attractive, and there is a pull there," Kaden pauses while he gathers his thoughts, thoughts Destiny probably already knows. Still talking out loud helps him to work through his ideas. "The pull feels like it's from my past, a past I do not remember. I do not think she is in my future, at least romantically." 
"Kaden," Destiny is hesitant to ask, the subject is sensitive. "When you do find someone to be with, whether for pleasure, or out of love?" Destiny bites her virtual lip causing Kaden to smile, she is acting more human, whether on purpose or naturally Kaden does not know. "We are connected. What you think, see, even to an extent feel, are all made aware to me." 
"You want an opinion in the matter?" 
"Yes." 
"We're in a bit of an awkward situation, aren't we?" 
"Yes." 
"If I were someone else, the idea of you in my head would probably frighten me. The truth is, I have always felt something is missing, something isn't right. I may not have all my memories, but I think that as The Traveler I have always had an AI." 
"Not always." 
Kaden turns to look at Destiny. 
"The Traveler, you, can get lonely, companions come and go, yet you are always there. So, you created an AI, to help you stay balanced, to help you stay in control." 
"If I created an AI in the past, ultimately I would have complete control." 
"This is true; I cannot force you to do anything, as you can me. Still I am here with you, to help you; whether that is to fight an outside force, or yourself." 
Kaden knows what Destiny is talking about; he feels the anger and rage that can drive him to do unthinkable acts. If he had had her in the 80's perhaps she would have been able to convince him not go down the path that he did. 
Raze gently knocks on the open door. He still cannot fathom the idea of having another presence in his mind.  
Kaden and Destiny look up at Raze. 
"Kaden there is something I forgot to tell you, something that I overlooked," Raze says, his head cast downward. 
"Which is what?" 
"Alysha, when she was taken, it was by Annunaki in black." 
Kaden spins his index finger forward wanting Raze to continue his thought.  
"To wear Black as an Annunaki, unless you are a leader, is to be branded in shame." 
"What does this mean to me Raze?" 
"Horus who took Alysha, his shame would have been betrayal to Shamash. I believe that those who took her are a small group fighting Shamash. Also, it appeared that Alysha has some authority with them." 
This surprises Kaden as she has played innocent since they met. Occasionally he thought he saw her looking at him, as if she knew him.  
Destiny looks at Kaden, "We're here."  
Kaden forces himself up, burying deep in his soul the growing pull to run away, to explore, he walks through Destiny to the bridge. 
The doors hiss open as he enters the bridge. He sees Jupiter on the screen, the sheer size and mass of the gas giant humbles him. Although I am a small, powerful man, still the size of space is nothing when compared to me, Kaden thinks to himself. 
Destiny appears next to him right as Raze walks up to stand beside Kaden on his opposite side. Peeking her head around Kaden, Destiny looks at Raze. "Do you have any idea of where the orbital base would be?" 
"I'm afraid not." 
"I'll begin scanning the planet." 
"Destiny?" Kaden asks. If he wanted he could search her mind for the information, however Kaden found it better to ask her. "How far can this ship go into Jupiter?" 
"100 Kilometers, why?" 
"If the ship has started to fall into Jupiter, perhaps we can still get to it." 
Kaden says nothing as he gazes at the monstrous planet in front of him. As the hours passed, his thoughts focus on Jupiter, if he can get to the actual surface of the planet, if he can walk under its atmosphere what would he find? Can other beings be living down there; can there be evidence of civilization?  
Modern physicists on Earth would argue that the pressure alone would destroy anything. He would in turn ask, “Is there not life teeming at the bottom of the Marianas Trench? Just because humans can’t survive at that depth doesn’t mean that life can’t survive under huge amounts of pressure, right? Life had to evolve to the point where it could survive that pressure, yes? So why couldn’t it evolve under the pressure of Jupiter?” There are so many possibilities in the world, in this solar system, let alone the universe; better yet the multiverse. To say something is impossible is to limit yourself. Any thought a person has is possible.  
Standing in this ship, I can be a character in a book, written down from someone's mind. I wouldn't know it; it still does not mean that it is not possible. Even yet, that author can be a character in another book, and that book can be written on an atom. What if this entire universe is just an atom, next to another atom that formed a wooden desk, in someone's home? 
To limit the possibilities, to limit ideas no matter how outrageous just because you cannot prove it, yet, is the very definition of stupidity.  
When I explore the Multiverse, which I know I will do – it is what The Traveler does; would I be able to realize that it is possibly an atom in another universe? Would my mind be able to comprehend the idea, to look down at that desk to see all the universes there? 
"I would be God," Kaden says aloud, causing Raze to look at him funny. Raze has been amusing himself watching Kaden's face change as he thinks. 
"What are you talking about Kaden? 
"Thinking about the multiverse, about the possibilities." 
"Why get lost in such trivial matter?" 
"Because I can, because it is not known. Why else would I be here if it isn't to learn, to better myself, to expand my horizons?" 
"Kaden, honestly you need to get laid if you are having these types of thoughts." 
Kaden laughs; knowing there is truth to Raze's words. 
"Though I'm sure you and Alysha more than once hooked up during those months" 
Kaden dismisses the statement and turn on his heel to look at Raze who is sitting in one of the nearby chairs.  "Raze you can probably tell me more about this. I do feel a pull toward Alysha, it's just that pull is in the past. She is not my future Raze, I'm not sure what is, I just know that she is not it." 
This surprise Raze; the two have been inseparable when together. It is why Shamash sent him to watch Alysha when she chose to become a human. If anyone can get Kaden to remember, remind him of who he was, what he is, it is her. 
"Kaden you can tell me that what I'm about to ask is none of my business, but do you even want to remember your past lives? Any bit at all?" 
To Kaden the question has a simple, yet complex answer. "Raze it would be great to remember everything, my abilities, the knowledge from the untold lifetimes. Yet it would make living this life, learning new things, the challenges, meaningless. Would you want everything you ever wanted just by thinking it? Never having to worry about anything, never having to try?" 
"To be in heaven? Yes." 
"Raze what is the best part of taking over the world?" 
"Having complete control." 
"Yet, after five years of having everything you wanted, there would be nothing to do. You would go mad." 
"You would never have to want." 
"Raze everything new, eventually becomes old. It is the same with the Annunaki, they were once powerful, yet now, from what you tell me, are literally dying. Even a star dies, and a new one, with a new journey, forms.  Think about it, if that star never died, no new planets would form, no new creatures would evolve." 
"Kaden…I merely asked a simple question, not a philosophical one." 
"To answer your question, Raze, no I do not want them. Without struggle, there is no achievement." 
Kaden shifts his head looking back out the window. If he had his previous life memories, he would be able to defeat Shamash in a second. He would eventually grow tired, bored, and old. 
Instead everything is new, a new perspective to problems, new possibilities.  
Kaden squints at the viewing screen; a single green laser starts to grow, speeding toward them. 
Raze pushes himself up from his chair; he sees what Kaden is looking at. 
Destiny appears, standing in front of the two. "We're under attack," She casually says. "Also, I found the base; it is what's firing at us." 
Sparks fly, lights flicker when the bolt hits the ship. "Shields are at fifty percent." 
"In one hit?" Kaden yells back. 
"Yes, should I begin evasive actions?"  
More bolts begin coming at them. 
"Why would you even ask?" 
Kaden watches on the view screen as the ship begins to move. Raze moves to a nearby console, activating it a hologram of their own ship, and the much larger attacking ship attacking them is displayed. Small bursts of lasers fly at their ship from the larger ship, all missing. 
"I thought you said it was a base? Why is it moving?" 
"It can move in short bursts." 
The ship lurches to the right, barely avoiding another hit. 
"Destiny can you fire back?" 
Destiny looks at Kaden annoyed, on the small hologram he cannot see it, but she has been. She has landed several shots, which were doing nothing. "Do you think I'm just dancing with the thing trying to destroy us? The weapons on our ship are inferior." 
Kaden looks at Raze angrily. 
"It's a scout ship, not even a scout ship; it's a fast transport ship." 
Kaden sits down; it is time to do something stupid. "Destiny take us right at them."  
Kaden watches the view screen; soon he sees the base straight in front of him. He smiles, as shots fly at them. 
"What are you doing?" Raze screams. 
The ship that is supposed to be a base steadily grows closer. With each passing second, the incoming shots slow, until they eventually stop altogether; then, when they are within a few hundred meters, a beam of light shoots out from the larger ship, stopping Kaden's ship.  
Everything on their ship turns off. Kaden throws out several small energy balls illuminating the bridge.  
"They are drawing us in," Destiny states. Kaden watches the image in his eyes projected by Destiny, showing the ship being slowly drawn in. A large door on the outside of the ship opens, swallowing his ship. 
Suddenly all movement stops, sending Raze and Kaden forward. The loud noise of the outer doors closing echoes through their ship. 
Kaden hears whomever or whatever operates the base surrounding his ship. "Raze," 
"Yeah,"  
"We're about to be boarded by whoever is here." 
"I can tell." 
"I'm going to put you to sleep." 
Raze is a bit shocked. "Why?" 
"Because, they have some type of stun grenades." 
"How do you know?" Kaden points at Destiny to answer the question. "Why though?" 
"I'll be able to wake you up when I want, instead of when the effect of the grenade wares off." 
The outer door flies open, smoke begins to fill the bridge. With a wave of his hand Kaden puts Raze under. Kaden flinches when Raze hits his head on a console. 
Three other grenades fly into the room; a blinding flash erupts.  
Kaden walks to the captain’s chair. Sitting down he leans back and spins the chair around to face those who are boarding the ship. Looking at Destiny, she disappears. 
Five borders enter the bridge, green laser dots moving around the ship. Each invader wears a black space suit and future looking gas masks over their heads.  
Kaden waves when they see them. All five immediately point their guns at Kaden. The first invader, who Kaden guesses to be about five foot eight steps forward, holding a small black box the leader scans Kaden – who grabs the device from her. 
"What's this?" Knowing full well what the device actually is.
The four others rush at Kaden, stopping when the first holds up a fist.  
"It's a scanner, actually it's about as good as my ability to scan from the suit," Destiny says surprised. 
Kaden hands the device back to the one standing in front of him. Taking it, the scan continues.  
"He's human, advanced human," says a muffled voice. 
"More than advanced," Kaden responds. 
The first border looks around, analyzing the ship. "How did a human get an Annunaki ship?" 
Kaden points his head back toward Raze, "Stole it from my new friend. Are you friends of the Annunaki?" 
"No. Let's go." Two of the others grab Raze, dragging him out of the ship. 
The first starts to leave, pausing, to wait for Kaden. Gingerly Kaden gets up and follows. 
When he walks out of the ship he is surprised to see humans all over working. They all stop and look at Kaden when he walks out of the ship; they had been expecting him to be carried out. 
"There are over two thousand humans, this place is fully functional,” Destiny mentions to Kaden. 
The leader turns around; pulling off her mask Kaden sees the most beautiful woman he has ever seen. She has light blonde hair, pale skin, piercing green eyes. He can feel a pull from her, almost as if he were under a spell. Her beauty forces him to pause, his heart leaps. He tilts his head, he has seen beautiful women before, but she, she, "Takes your breath away, literally." Destiny tells Kaden. 
The woman smiles at Kaden, a smile that sends shivers down Kaden's spine. "I'm Eve, Eve Narine." 
"Answer Kaden," Destiny says. 
"I'm Kaden Hunt, and this…" 
"Is Raze Gron, one of the worst persons in all of history, someone you say is your friend." Eve points a futuristic pistol at Kaden. "Why should I not kill you?"
 
Chapter 27

Eve pulls the trigger, nothing happens. Again, she pulls, still nothing happens. Kaden smiles at her, as he shrugs his shoulders. Lifting the gun up, Eve hits it several times. 
"To be honest, you did not give me a chance to answer," Kaden says, crossing his arms.  
"Gracin," Eve shouts, one of the others who had boarded the small ship steps forward. "Get this thing checked out!" Gracin places his fist to his chest, slightly bowing before scurrying away. 
Kaden watches as Raze is taken away, hopefully to a holding cell. "Where is he going?" 
"Why should I tell you?" Eve asks, still annoyed at the misfiring gun. "And don't worry the gun is set to stun." 
"Because I asked." Kaden replies. Several people nearby snicker, until Eve shoots them a look, a look that has gotten others killed. 
"We have an order of command here Kaden," Eve says with her back turned to him. She begins to take her suit off. Underneath she wears what Kaden can only described as a sports bra, and yoga pants, revealing a tone athletic body. "Since you just got here, everyone else is above you. Whenever someone asks you a question, you answer." 
"If I want to," Kaden says nonchalantly. A crowd is beginning to form, watching the interaction.  
With her back still toward Kaden, Eve is beginning to lose patience. "Kaden I can… "  
Kaden puts up his hand interrupting Eve. "Do you know what is going on out in this solar system?" 
"If you're referring to what's happening on Earth? Yes, and it has nothing to do with us." 
That surprises Kaden. They are humans, why weren't they concerned. 
Eve pulls a white shirt on, followed by a pair of black pants. "We do not concern ourselves with Earth; we haven't for nearly eighteen thousand years." 
Kaden scans through his memory, trying to remember if he read anything significant that happened eighteen thousand years ago. 
"Nothing," Destiny tells him. 
"Why?" Kaden asks. 
"That's none of your business," Eve says, as she begins to walk away. Kaden quickly follows. "I've been very patient with you Mr. Hunt, I suggest you tell me what you are doing out here." 
"I'm looking for a way to transport onto Shamash's vessel, to destroy it so he can stop destroying cities." 
Eve gives a faint satisfactory smile. "And you wanted to try and find a working transporter in our ruins." 
"Yep." 
"I'm afraid there are two ways out Kaden. You go down to the planet and mine the minerals there, or you take a spacewalk." 
Kaden grabs Eve's wrist, in one fluid motion Eve uses her free arm to punch at Kaden's face. However, Kaden catches the fist several inches before impact. It is faster than he expected, he also was not prepared. 
Eve and Kaden glare at each other, calculating, Kaden smiles, annoying the stone-cold Eve. 
Quickly pulling her wrist held by Kaden, Eve leaps up, wraps her legs around Kaden and throws him to the floor. Her grip is iron tight around his neck. 
Motioning his legs back Kaden is on his feet, surprising Eve. Grabbing both of her thighs, Kaden pulls them apart. 
Eve swings downwards hitting Kaden three times in his stomach. Releasing her legs, Kaden lets Eve fall to the floor; only she did not fall, she landed on her feet like a cat.  
Bouncing up and down Eve's fists are in a defensive position, she is enjoying herself. Eve lunges at Kaden throwing punch after punch at him, trying to land a blow. Finally, she lands a punch in Kaden's chest, a blow that sends him flying backwards against a wall. 
"Destiny what am I dealing with here?" Kaden asks, while pulling himself out of the dented wall. 
"By the looks of its Kaden, a demigod. They all appear to be demigods. She just seems to be one of the strongest." 
With a closed fist, Kaden wipes his mouth. Looking down he sees a small trace of blood on his fist. Looking up Kaden sees Eve punch at him again. Sidestepping he grabs her extended wrist. With a firm grip he twirls around, releasing her back in the direction she came. 
Kaden turns in time to see Eve hit his ship, knocking her unconscious. In his eye, Destiny shows Kaden two fuel cells break, causing the ship to go critical. Shields start to form to keep the explosion contained.  
In a blur Kaden flies at his ship, while everyone around panics. Hesitation kills, Kaden thinks to himself. When he gets to Eve he picks her up, turning he sees the shields are in place. Knowing he has little time, he pulls her away from the ship, covering her with his body. The ship explodes around them, fire surrounding them. 
"Eve!" came the worried shout through the noise of the explosion.  
Kaden feels the air sucked away, putting the fire out. He slows his breathing to preserve what little air his shield has.  
Opening her eyes, Eve sees the last of the fire sucked away. She blinks when she sees Kaden over her. The last thing she remembers was crashing into the ship. 
"Get those shields down!" Commands the voice from before.  
Moments later, an elderly man crouches by Eve. He grabs her hand tenderly.  
With the danger gone, Kaden pushes himself off. Looking out he sees a crowd circling around him, they point and whisper at him, astonished and bewildered by what they just witnessed. 
"You say they are all demigods?" Kaden audibly asks Destiny. 
"Yes," comes her unspoken response. 
The elderly man helps lift Eve up as two others come to help. With her hand on her temple, Eve shakes her head and motions the others away. 
As the elderly man approaches, Kaden sees long silver hair down past his shoulders. He has piercing grey eyes, and perfect posture. He takes Kaden’s hand and begins to shake it enthusiastically. "Thank you for saving my daughter, she gets too cocky sometimes." 
Eve comes up next to her Father, her tone of confidence gone, replaced with confusion. "You threw me, over two hundred feet without effort." 
Kaden shrugs, he could have done a lot more, he held back for her sake. 
"How?" Eve asks. 
"It's not important right now Eve," Eve's Father chides, waving a hand to dismiss her. "What is is that this man saved your life." 
Eve begins to regain some of her bite, "He is the one who put my life in danger in the first place." 
"Only because you have acted out, and attacked him," Eve's Father replies. "I'm Soran, what is your name?" 
Kaden had a first name he could introduce himself as, yet he had a title he needed to start introducing himself for who he is, there is no hiding from it anymore. "The Traveler." 
Whispers and murmurs spread through the gathered crowd. Kaden looks around, surprised by the reaction. "Did I say something wrong?" 
"The Traveler is dead," Eve whispers. 
"What is dead can be reborn," Kaden tells her still looking around. 
"The Traveler is dead," Eve tells herself. Eve looks up at Kaden angry. "How dare you take up a title that is not yours to take?" 
Soran pushes his daughter behind him. He looks at Kaden, gone is his gratefulness, replaced with duty. "If you are The Traveler, you can answer this question. Who are you?" 
The crowd begins to ask the question over and over, they close in around him. He told them who he is, both of his names. "I told you who I am!" Kaden yells. He is beginning to get worried; he is being surrounded by demigods, if they all choose to fight him he is not sure of the outcome. 
Soran's voice rings above the crowds, "That is not the answer. Who are you?" 
Kaden feels a pressure surround him; a pressure forcing him to stay still. Everyone is surrounding him, he begins to panic. The feeling of being trapped frightens him more than the possibility of fighting Shamash. In reality, The Traveler moves, constantly, never staying in one place. Eventually Kaden will have to leave here, it's what he does, he travels the multiverse. "I'm The Traveler!" Kaden shouts. 
"Wrong again!" Soran reciprocates.  
The crowd draws closer, in unison chanting "Wrong". 
Kaden feels his heart beat faster, he begins to sweat, fear drawing in around him like a blanket. He is The Traveler that is who he is. Being afraid will not help him out. Kaden bows his head and closes his eyes.  
He is The Traveler, who is Soran to tell him his answer is wrong? He decides what, and who he is. Yes, he will eventually leave, travel the multiverse to new places, live new adventures, but he will decide when that is. 
Kaden opens his eyes, eyes filled with focus, power coursing through his body. "You do not get to decide what the answer is! I decide! I am The Traveler that is who I am. You may not like it, you may not like the answer, but if you think I will stand here letting you tell me something else; let you try to kill me, well you've got a surprise coming to you!" 
The crowd stops, parting ways to allow Eve and Soran to walk through. Kaden looks at a hesitant and cautious Eve, walking behind her father. 
Kaden clenches his fists, unseen hellfire engulfing them. He is ready for a fight; he will take Soran and Eve with him if he has to. 
Soran stops directly in front of Kaden. Raising his arms Soran places his hands-on Kaden's shoulders and smiles. "And no one will be able to tell you how to live your life." 
Kaden relaxes, releasing the hellfire. Soran moves to stand beside Kaden, Eve moves to the side of her father. "We have a lot to talk about!" Soran says, as he leads Kaden through the crowd into the base. 
"Can you bring me my associate please?" asks Kaden.
 
Chapter 28

Eve walks into her father’s room, the largest on the base, a base created thousands of years ago, a base that allowed her people a chance to live, before they were hunted by humans and Annunaki. Now they live in peace. 
"What's the matter Eve? Is it what The Traveler said?” Soran asks, pouring himself a drink.  
"Yes and no," Eve responds, leaning against the wall, picking through several pieces of fruit to eat. Soon they will be dining with all the important demigods.  
"Tell me what is bugging you. I don't have time for games." 
"The idea of leaving, the idea of a new world." 
"It is an idea, a belief our entire system is built on." 
Eve rolls her eyes; she has always loved the idea of exploring, of traveling around the universe, amongst the stars; yet that is not what the people want. And that is the problem. Eventually she will lead the people, yet she does not want to stay in one place. There is so much to do, so much to learn. "There is so much out there, how can you not explore it?" 
"Because, we have been exploring our entire existence." 
"No, we have been waiting, waiting with the hopes that The Traveler would return. Yet he knows nothing." 
"What is it you are trying to say Eve?" 
"Why not help him? Why not fight, live, explore?" 
"We will explore, we will explore a new world, a new place, our own place. A place we can call home." 
Soran turns his back to his daughter; her foolish thoughts are that of a child. They have lived in space; he wants to feel the sun on his face. Now they have a chance to, and Eve wants something else, to travel, to not know a place to call home, to always be wandering – a horrible existence. "Eve please leave me, I have a lot to prepare for. I'm sure Kaden is waiting for you, I've seen the way he looks at you." 

Chapter 29

Raze taps his foot, his arms crossed waiting for Kaden. He woke up in a strange room, what he would have called a supply closest, only there were no supplies, just a chair, and several light fixtures attached to the wall.  
He expected Kaden to be with him when he woke up; after all it was Kaden who put him to sleep. Instead he wakes up slumped in a chair, in a small room, alone. 
Subdued voices coming from outside the door, Raze peeks his head up, should he prepare for a fight? Raze ponders the notion, until he ultimately decides to play it relaxed, to see what and who is on the other side.
The door slides open, revealing a rather handsome dark-skinned man, with short curly hair, and beautiful brown eyes. While Raze has spent the last thousand years with only Alysha, he has had more than one occasional romp with men. Beauty is beauty, no matter the form. 
With this idea Raze also finds Kaden, to be extremely attractive. Is it his personality, power, confidence that draws him to Kaden? Yes, to all of it. The fact that Kaden showed him a better way helps. Although they have never talked on it, he just knows Kaden is not interested in men. A small part of Raze hopes that Kaden might eventually show a slight interest.
The dark stranger walks in, wearing a dark green jumpsuit. Raze notices the muscles on the man, not overly large, yet still defined.   
Raze flashes him a smile, a gesture not returned, causing Raze to frown. Would he ever be able to find a decent guy? He is growing tired of women. 
Raze peers around the guard to see Kaden waiting to come in. Next to Kaden, is a breathtakingly beautiful woman, who stands just slightly above Kaden’s shoulders. What has he been up to? Maybe I was a little hasty. Maybe I can give women another try. 
Impatiently Kaden steps past the tall dark guard toward Raze, allowing the guard to slide out the door. Raze begins to expect the door will shut itself trapping both Kaden and him in the small room. 
“They are demigods,” Kaden whispers to Raze. 
Could they be the exiled Nephilim, children of the Annunaki and humans; a race that had been hunted thousands of years ago; hunted to the point that the few remaining Nephilim got on a ship and fled to space? Raze wonders. 
With Kaden’s help Raze gets up, still tired. The last time Kaden knocked him out, he slept for two days straight. Even after he had gotten up, he still felt exhausted. It was the only reason he left Kaden’s friend Jerome alive at the time. Now that he has been forced to wake early, he feels even more tired and weak. 
Once Raze is standing, Kaden places three fingers on the back of Raze’s neck, his eyes widening as instant alertness and energy course through his body. He looks to Kaden, who simply shrugs his shoulders. What are the limits of his abilities? Raze recognizes the technique, Kaden has simply altered it, changed the outcome. 
Kaden walks out of the room, Raze close behind. Once outside, he sees a long and tall silver hallway, several dozen people walking about, talking. Each one stops what they were doing to stare at Kaden in awe.  
The woman and the man begin to walk down the hallway. Kaden quickly follows, staying slightly behind the two. Raze takes his cue and catches up to Kaden quickly. Any aches and soreness he once had, are now gone. “What did you do?” 
“Gave you a simple jolt of energy. Your body decided what to do with it.” 
“But,”  
“Your body knows what needs to be done, it just needs enough energy, and time to do it.” 
“Time?” What did time have to do with healing energy? 
Kaden winks at Raze, before they turn a corner. 
“What does time have to do with anything?” 
“Time is a dimension Raze. You’re in the third dimension. You have to play by its rules, unless you raise your own dimensional vibration and become a being of a different dimension.” 
“Well yes, I’m already at a higher dimension to do what I can do,” Raze refutes. To be able to have the abilities he has, to move objects, increased strength, to enter the Astral, Raze is already at a higher dimensional vibration. 
“Not necessarily. Each dimension has levels, but you are still bound to that dimension. Time here follows different rules than it would in its own dimension. Light takes a certain amount of time to travel; our bodies heal at a certain rate. Think of it as a speed limit.” 
“Time is constant, you cannot change it.” 
“Just like you cannot fold space? What happens around a black hole? The speed it takes to heal.” 
Raze stops, is Kaden telling him how to regenerate? His body already can regenerate, but he is right? It takes a certain amount of time. What if he can speed up that time to regenerate? How would he control it? If he speeds up the time for his arm to heal, would the rest of his body speed up? Would he age? There are too many questions, where should he even begin? 
He would need to isolate the time needed to speed up the healing process of a specific area. What if his heart failed, how could he heal that? Maybe simply replace the heart? If he begins to replace everything, he wouldn’t be the same person; yet the plans for his heart, who he is as a person is stored in his genetics. All he would have to do is simply take the original pattern and duplicate it.
Raze looks up to see the others waiting for him – rather impatiently – and Kaden smiles at him, recognizing the look on Raze’s face, referencing what he is thinking about.  
Embarrassed, Raze jogs to the others who in turn continue walking as he catches up.  
“Where do I start?” Raze whispers. 
“At the smallest level you can,” Kaden replies, knowing the context Raze is speaking of.  
Raze finds himself lost in his thoughts, blindly following the others through twists and turns. If he had to retrace their steps he would find himself lost.  
When the group finally stops, Raze looks up after running into one of his hosts, to see a long table with food and drinks waiting.  
Kaden takes a seat next to the woman, while Raze takes one next to Kaden his mind numb from different possibilities. 
“Raze,” Kaden whispers to Raze who mindlessly stares into nothing. Kaden knows what thoughts are racing through Raze’s head. Kaden knows how daunting the thought of regeneration can be. He knows the thoughts racing through Raze's head, as his mind tries to sort through it all. Kaden himself had taken the first step toward learning regeneration decades past.  He found that it is best to not think too hard on the subject, the answers would come in time. “Leave it alone for now. Let the answers come naturally.” Raze looks at Kaden, his eyes dull. “There are other matters to discuss, more pressing issues.” Raze mindlessly nods, his brain still trying to sort matters out. 
Kaden turns his head to see Soran entering the room, wearing a long purple and silver robe. To Kaden he looks very much a wizard from high fantasy tales.  As Soran enters everyone immediately rises from their seats, save Kaden and Raze who both awkwardly rise once they realize what is happening. 
“Please have a seat,” Soran says, motioning for everyone to sit. “Please eat.”  
After several minutes pass Kaden finds himself frowning slightly while watching the others politely discuss the meal, and various events of the day. They are all playing a game of sorts, a game that Kaden has never been good because of his disdain for it, a game usually involved in politics. Watching some of the most powerful humans ever created in the room, playing games, ignoring the events on earth infuriates Kaden.  
Turning his head Kaden watches Raze play the game – he eats small bites of his food while making pleasant small talk about nothing of importance. There is a war going on, a war in which people are dying.  
“Kaden,” Soran’s voice booms, “Is the food not to your liking?” 
Kaden looks down, realizing he has not taken a bite. In truth he is not hungry; still he politely begins to eat and Soran smiles in satisfaction.  
“Destiny,” Kaden thinks. Destiny appears in the corner of his eye, as if she were on a computer screen. 
“Yes?” 
“Have you been able to access any of their systems?” 
“I’ve been poking about.” 
“The people here, can we trust them?” 
“Can you not read their auras?” 
“I can. They are friendly people. Still they are demigods, with who knows what abilities.” 
“Some have strength, others can heal, and others speed. From their genetic records, it seems their population has become rather stagnate, their abilities not equal to what they once were.” 
“So they are dying?” 
“No, they will eventually in a few thousand more years become normal humans. They lack genetic diversity.” 
“What of their knowledge? If this place brakes can they repair it?” 
“Yes, their abilities are going, not their knowledge.” 
Kaden nods to himself, drawing several questioning gazes, which he ignores. 
With all the food eaten, desserts finished, drinks gone, all polite and formal conversation ends. Kaden prepares his argument as to why these people should help him fight the Anunnaki. Before Kaden can utter a word, he looks in the direction of his name. “Kaden Hunt,” Soran says. “I must thank you for respecting our traditions. I can see in your aura that sitting around and eating as we have is hard for you.” Kaden smiles politely, while the others in the room snicker at the comment.
Kaden starts to disagree with Soran, who simply raises his hand. “By aura I mean your body language. Your aura is hidden from me, and I do not wish to force you to reveal it to me.” 
“That, and you cannot read an aura to save your life,” says one of the dinner guests. Laughter follows the comment. 
Once the laughter ends, Soran continues. “Kaden and Raze we are thankful for you our guests, we are thankful for each other. At the end of a meal we like to reflect on what we have, to take the time to enjoy each other’s company.” 
“How long have we sat here waiting, talking about education, about a solar storm? There are people dying Soran, people I am responsible for,” Kaden says, harshly. Surprising a few seated at the table. 
“Who made them your responsibility?” Soran asks. 
“I brought Shamash to them,” Kaden replies, bitterly. 
“They would have come either way.” 
“I will not play in ‘what if’s’ Soran. Raze and I came here for a transporter. My ship is now destroyed, along with my supplies. I would ask for a transporter and a new ship.” 
Soran thinks for several moments before responding. “This war you fight Kaden, we left it long ago. We live in peace, our needs met.” 
“I am not asking you to fight,” Kaden says, stopping mid-sentence. Before he had introduced himself as The Traveler, they had known about him. They tested him. He realizes their tone when talking to him has changed, their awe of him gone. “What do you want Soran? The dinner is a distraction, your words a distraction. What is it you are trying to gain here Soran?” Politicians like you always want something from you.” 
Soran smiles, “We just want to live in peace.” 
Kaden is on his feet in a blink of his eye, slamming his fist down on the table. “I do not want to play games Soran! What do you want?” 
Soran smiles, “We want to be able to have our own planet Kaden, away from Earth, where we can feel the sun on our face, where we are not hunted, away from all of this. You’re going to be the one who gives it to us!” 
“How in the world am I supposed to give that to you?” Kaden asks, surprised by such an outlandish request. In truth he understood where they were coming from, to have grown up on a space station, in fear of humanity hunting them again, or the Annunaki discovering them to use them as they once had. He would want the same thing. 
“You’re The Traveler; open a portal to another universe.” 
“I don’t have that ability,” Kaden says, “At least not yet.” He knows he will eventually gain the ability to traverse the multiverses, as it is part of who he is.  
Those around the table begin to whisper. 
“I’m afraid until you take us to our new home, as you promised, you won’t be leaving,” Soran says. Lifting his hand, guards pour into the room. 
“Wait, what? I have never promised you anything,” Kaden responds.  
“Not in this life, but in a previous one.” 
Guards approach Kaden and Raze. Before they can get within twenty feet of Kaden, he sends out a wave of energy, sending everyone and everything around him, save for Raze and Eve, flying backwards. 
Dozens of spheres of hellfire appear above Kaden’s head. He hates relying on hellfire as much as he has been; it is perhaps one of his most effective weapons. Kaden glances down at Raze to see him slowly getting up with energy rippling through his aura. He too is preparing for a fight. 
A blinding white light of energy fills the room. Shouts of surprise and horror follow. Kaden feels a hand grab him by the collar pulling him away. Reaching out Kaden grabs Raze’s arm as he passes, pulling him with him. 
The pull leads a blinded Kaden and Raze through a door, down a corridor, and into a small room. Alarms begin to ring throughout the facility, shouts echo through the halls.  
With the grip on his collar gone, Kaden rapidly blinks away the sudden blindness. When he sees the outline of a wall, he goes to it and rests. 

Chapter 30

“Kaden are you okay?” Destiny asks. 
Kaden eyes glow slightly as he sends a small amount of energy to heal them faster. Once his vision is restored he takes in where he is, a small supply closet. He sees Raze on the ground rubbing his eyes, trying to clear away the fuzziness. Standing near the door, Kaden is a bit shocked to see Eve.  
“What are you doing here?” Kaden asks.  
“You dragged me here Kaden,” Razed responds, sitting upright, his vision starting to clear. “A little warning would be nice.” 
“Not you Raze, Eve.” 
“Who? Razed asks. 
“The woman I sat next to,” Kaden replies. 
Eve watches the two converse with each other, annoyed that they are talking as if she is not there. 
“Oh, the extremely attractive one,” Raze laughs. Kaden’s lack of response tells Raze what he needs to know. Kaden feels something for the woman. 
“I saved you, because I did not want to see others die,” Eve responds. “I have seen that look before; it is the look of death, of wanting to take life.” 
“I could have handled myself,” Kaden says. 
“Yes, and everyone would have been dead.” 
“Kaden, she has a point,” Raze chimes in. 
“Fine,” Kaden crosses his arms, not liking both Eve and Raze agreeing with each other against him. “What do we do now?” 
Eve peers out the door, watching several guards walk by. “We get you your ship; however, it won’t be able to travel outside of this solar system. We also find and steal your transporter. You go back to doing whatever you are doing, and life here will continue.” 
“Sounds reasonable to me,” Raze responds, his vision nearly restored.  
“Eve, your father says that I made a promise, a promise in a previous life.” Can Kaden actually be held responsible for a promise he made thousands of years ago, in a life that he does not remember? 
“Yes, when you were Amen-Ra. You led the remaining Nephilim here, promising that one day you would return, allowing us to find a new home.” 
“I put you here?” 
“You as Amen-Ra, as The Traveler, put our ancestors here.” 
“Destiny,” Kaden speaks aloud. Destiny appears in the middle of the room, surprising Eve. 
“Already on it,” Destiny replies, as she begins to scan the historical records, the database, looking for anything to do with The Traveler. “Found it.” 
Eve circles around Destiny as she moves, oblivious to anyone in her path, forcing Raze to scramble out of the way, before Eve steps on him. 
“What Eve says has some truth to it,” Destiny says, watching Eve. Eve pokes at Destiny with a finger, distorting a few inches of Destiny’s image. “What it really says is ‘If I come back, it will be to save you.’” 
“Nothing about me delivering them to a promised land?” Destiny shakes her head in response. “Did I have a lab, or a ship? If I did please tell me, it is an interstellar ship?” Kaden says almost begging, as he does not like the idea of long space travel when he will eventually make his way out into the stars. 
“Actually, this entire facility is an interstellar ship,” Destiny replies. 
Eve stops circling, offended by what Destiny has said. “If this space station can travel through the stars, at speeds faster than light we would have left already.” Her people longed for a planet to walk on. A life where there would be no need to hide who they are, where no one would try to use them, a place to settle down.  
While a life without persecution or living in fear is appeasing, a life of settling down does not bode well with Eve. There is too much to explore in the universe, to many wonderful things to see. She does not like the idea of staying in one place. Growing up in space, hiding, staying in one little corner of the solar system drives her insane. 
“It was hidden from you,” Destiny replies. Destiny points at the back wall, drawing everyone’s gaze. “Kaden, a small push of your energy please.” 
Kaden releases a small amount of his energy at the wall, while reaching out with his mind to see what is beyond. What he finds surprises him. He feels his own energy waiting in the wall, energy that has been waiting for tens of thousands of years, waiting for Kaden to come back to this place, to this very room. 
Allowing his energies to interact the room shakes slightly, as a door opens, revealing a small pristinely white laboratory. 
Kaden slowly walks in, examining the laboratory. Consoles, screens, containers, all active, all monitoring the station and Earth since the last time he was here. His previous self knew he could potentially come back and had prepared for it.  
Moving to a console in the center of the room, while everyone spreads out searching, Kaden places his hand on the device. A hologram of a tall green Annunaki, with brown eyes, and black hair appears, wearing a simple white suit, with a grey belt. His gaze cast downward. 
The hologram looks at Kaden, smiling. “Hello Traveler, if you found this, then you have returned. I thought I might, still I hope that these people here took my words as I said them. We both know what can happen to messages passed down through time, especially when they are words of hope. They tend to get distorted, changed, lose the original meaning. Still, I have prepared this base with a preprogrammed destination to take these people to a planet where they will be able to start over. They will no longer live in fear, no longer need to hide.” 
Eve steps up next to Kaden, with reservation. “If we could have left, why not simply allow us to leave? Why keep us here when all we have wanted is our own planet?” 
“I did not allow them to leave, because I have something for you.” The hologram disappears, reappearing near a glass container. Everyone moves around the box, looking into see a long blue crystal. A crystal like the one Enki had given Kaden. “Take it.” 
Kaden reaches in, a small hole opens allowing him to grab the crystal. When he pulls it out, the hole disappears, leaving the glass container looking as if it has not been disturbed. With the crystal in his hands Kaden snaps it in half, as before. Two clouds of dust appear, one flying to Destiny, another to Kaden.  
“I’m afraid that this will not be enough to help you overpower Enki and Shamash. Only I could have done that as an Annnaki, but my time as one is coming to an end. I will be reborn as a human, as you. What this will do however, is make you aware, aware of something I feel coming, something I am not sure you know of. If you do not, I am sorry for opening you up to this.” 
“The Stillness,” Kaden says, fear radiating through his voice. He takes a frightened step backwards, as his mind processes new information, new abilities; he again shifts to a higher dimensional vibration. Lines race across his skin, as Destiny and his suit respond to the new vibration.  
“If you have the suit I left for you, with a new AI, it will now have new abilities as well. The fight that is to come, the rebirth of a new cycle, will make your fight with Shamash and Enki, easy. The Stillness, it’s coming, you will have to fight it through its many forms, and the many universes it has touched. I am sorry to add this burden to you, but it is the burden of The Traveler. If you are here, then a new cycle has almost begun.” 
The hologram fades, as a new door opens. On a nearby screen a countdown begins. Kaden continues to take steps backwards, his mind swirling with information. Something about The Stillness is causing an indescribable fear in him, which he is barely able to comprehend. But he senses it growing; it is out there, and it is coming; for him. Kaden lets out a scream of sheer terror. Hyperventilating he falls to his knees crying. Too much is now riding on him.  
He looks up at Destiny, she too recognizes The Stillness, just not on the level Kaden does. Raze and Eve look at Kaden, confused. 
As Eve cautiously approaches Kaden he holds up his hands completely overtaken by fear, as if she is the Stillness.
He can run away with the ship, he can hide. He does not want to face The Stillness. This is why he has travelled in the past, this is why he ran, the reason he feels the pull to constantly move. The Stillness will find him, and when it does… 
Eve punches Kaden, managing to knock him unconscious, interrupting his fit of hysteria.  
Destiny looks to Raze, she points at the door. “In there.”  
Raze turns to see what appears to be the bridge of a ship on the other side of the door.  
Raze runs to pick Kaden up; Eve blocks him as she hoists him over her shoulders with ease. Raze and Eve step through the door onto a new ship, a larger ship. The ship's bridge alone is five times the size of their old ship, with more consoles, and more chairs. The color of the interior of the ship is simple, light blue, grey and white with windows on all sides of the ship. The ship gives Raze a sense of peace and strength.  
Eve glances out one of the small windows; her heart sinks a little when she sees the facility she grew up on vanish in a burst of light, gone to a new home, a new home she in truth did not want to be a part of. Yet her family and friends are gone; will she be able to see them again? 

Chapter 31

The holo-projector shatters into pieces when it hits a nearby wall on the bridge of The Hope, the name Alysha has given to her ship. One of five ships she and her group of rebel Annunaki have stolen, repaired, or found. Everyone looks up at Alysha, the only human in the small fleet, yet for thousands of years she has led them.
When the rumors swirled around the Annunaki thousands of years ago that her former husband Amen-Ra, The Traveler, had become human, she chose to become human; however, not out of love or the hope of being with him, but because she needed him, the Annunaki needed him. Their love was dying, if not already dead. It was her fault for not following him originally, for not believing him.  
When he had told her that he was going to Earth to fight for the humans, to stand up against Shamash and Enki, she left him for to her is fight was for lesser beings.  
Alysha smiles, humans are not lesser beings; in fact, they are higher beings. Only The Traveler would have seen that, would have known it. She had chosen to ignore him, instead focusing on herself. She had lived a life of complete luxury, and it had made her weak. 
When she was Ammunet, Amen told her much, shared things only with her about his past travels, his abilities, his lifetimes, his loses, his gains. There was one thing that he never talked about, only alluded to. It would keep him up at night, staring out into the stars. She saw it on his face – a want, a need, to leave. 
She had overheard him one day talking about it with Tiamat. Alysha has always been jealous of the AI as she knows things about The Traveler that she herself would never know. What Alysha heard back then eventually drove her away from Amen.  
The Stillness is an entity that has destroyed countless universes, an entity with unknown form and power. She heard Amen once say, ‘All evil in the universe stems from The Stillness, which wants to destroy everything’.”  
Horus cautiously approaches Alysha, gently placing his hand on her shoulder; she jolts out of her memories. "What is it Alysha?" 
"The demigods, they are gone," Alysha says, turning around to look into Horus's eyes.  
"They have been gone for a long time." 
"No, they haven't, Amen had hidden them," another secret he had kept from her, another reason she had hated him. Her hate and his love of humans was what eventually drove them apart. Her hatred she has come to regret. "Now they are gone, a secret weapon we could have used." 
Shamash is growing in power; as his power grows so does his arrogance. Eventually he will reveal himself again to the galaxy, starting another war, a war he will lose, a war that will wipe out the Annunaki on the wrong side. For now, they can stay hidden in this section of space, the section the entire galaxy agreed to leave alone. It is why humanity is here, kept hidden, created illegally by the Annunaki for gold, to power their civilization. 
"What does that mean?"  
"It means Kaden has just put us in a worse spot. There were over 2000 Nephilim we could have added to our numbers." 
Horus looks at her, reaching down he gently caresses her cheek. She is becoming too stressed; he does not like to see her that way. "We will figure it out, we always have." 
"The plan will continue, we must build our strength, bring the fight to Shamash." 
"May I make a suggestion?" Horus asks. 
"You may always make a suggestion," Alysha replies. She trusts Horus, his advice sought after by all. Yet he is always afraid to give it to her.  
"We have other solar systems we can escape to, let us leave here." 
"If all of our ships left the protection of the Corona, Shamash would detect us, hunt us, and kill us." 
"Then we destroy his scanners." 
"Horus should we fight him, so we can flee and live in fear?" 
"I suppose you are right," Horus smiles. He knows the idea is a bad one; he just needs Alysha to take her mind off the loss of the Nephilim.
"Prepare the jumper; we're going to take a small trip."  
Horus bows before turning around and walking away to make the needed preparations. 

Chapter 32

An unconscious Kaden sits slumped in the captain's chair of his new ship, as Eve and Raze pace about, yelling at each other over what to do. 
"That's enough!" Destiny shouts, appearing between the two. "You're arguing like children." 
"What do you suggest we do?" Raze asks. He truly has no idea what has come over Kaden, let alone what to do. 
"Well, while you've been arguing I've been going over the ship. A ship left by The Traveler, for The Traveler." 
"So, the ship can destroy Shamash?" Raze asks. Amen-Ra had been the most powerful being in existence, defeating and banishing all seven Titans.  
"No, the ship is fast, quiet and precise," Destiny says. “The ship is designed to stay hidden, undetected.”
"So, we're stuck where we were before, we lost a potential army." 
"My people would not fight your war, a war that you were fighting on the other side over a week ago," Eve points out. All of her people know of Raze, he is a traitor. How can The Traveler trust him? 
"Kaden has shown me a better way!"  
"Right… What's to keep you from switching sides again?" 
"I was only on the side that I thought would win. Do you think I liked being the whipping dog of Shamash? You would think I was his enemy the way he treated me. I thought Kaden's side could not win. Now I see that he will." 
"Enough!" Destiny yells. She does not care what side Raze was on, he is now with Kaden. If he ever does step out of line, Kaden literally owns his soul. "Raze is with Kaden, that is all you need to know." 
Eve crosses her arms, still skeptical. According to history passed down, Raze had once been one of The Travelers elites. When The Traveler sided with the humans, Raze switched sides to Shamash. If he switched sides so easily back then, what would prevent him from switching again? 
Raze looks over at Kaden, still out cold. Eve might have been strong, but his behavior has been rather eccentric. If they had been in the real world, the world before Shamash invaded, then Kaden's behavior would have landed him in a mental hospital. There are things about The Traveler that Raze cannot even imagine; perhaps Kaden is remembering something from his past.
"What are we going to do about him?" Raze asks, motioning with his head toward Kaden.  
"What I want to know, what suddenly changed?" Eve asks. He has been extremely confident, something that is attractive to Eve; to have Kaden suddenly change behavior, to become borderline insane, worries her. What worries her even more is the fact that she is worried about Kaden. She has never been worried about anyone in the past, let alone someone she has known for hours, it was as if a spell had been placed on her. 
"There are things that he just learned, things he can sense, things I only know about by what I am told," Destiny shares. 
"Those are?" Raze asks. 
"To answer that, you would have to understand who and what The Traveler is." 
"I know The Traveler, I've lived some of the stories," Raze says. He had been one of Amen-Ra's personal guards; they had won many victories together. 
"You know a fraction of his history, a fraction of what he knows. He is older than the multiverse; he has lived through numerous cycles." 
"And he cannot remember a single previous life, his power, his knowledge, is gone!" Raze shouts. Whoever The Traveler was, Kaden does not remember. All the old victories, all the knowledge and power, all of it lost when he became human. Yet for all of it, Raze sees Kaden as more than he once was. Kaden can already do things that Amen-Ra could not. He thinks of things Amen-Ra would never have thought of.  
"It's not always a matter of strength and power, but skills and tactics," Eve says.  
“Why are you even here? Why aren’t you off with your own people?” Raze asks, hoping to turn the tables on Eve. He has no plans on betraying Kaden, yet they know nothing about Eve. “My reasons are my own,” Eve responds, as she crosses her arms. 
“If you’re going to be with Kaden and myself I say we have a right to know!” Raze shouts, as the lights flicker.  
Both Eve and Raze watch with dread as all systems in the ship fail, leaving only emergency lights on. With the power gone, their orbit around Jupiter begins to rapidly dissipate. 
"What's going on?" Raze shouts at Destiny, who is nowhere to be seen. 
"Isn't it obvious? We've lost our orbit!" Eve shouts at Raze. "At the rate we're falling we'll crash into Jupiter in eight minutes!" 
"How do you know that?"  
"I grew up on a space station orbiting Jupiter." 
Raze moves to Kaden; bending over him he begins to shake him frantically. "Kaden wake up!"  
Eve moves to Raze, pulling him off Kaden she slaps Kaden hard enough to leave a handprint on his cheek. "He's not going to be able to help us; we need to take care of this ourselves." 
Raze looks at Eve; a level head in any situation will prevail. He nods, indicating for Eve to continue.  
Eve moves to a console, pulling a panel off she moves several crystals around. When she switches the last crystal, all lights go out. Several seconds later the console lights up with full power. Eve begins accessing information on the console with speed and precision, impressing Raze. 
"Here," Eve points at a hologram of the ship with one section flashing red – on the outside of the ship. "There's an oxygen supply tank here. If you blow it, at the right time, it will put us into a stable orbit. Actually, it will put us in a slower decaying orbit." 
"How long of a decay and how long until we run out of air if we blow it?" Raze thought it odd to save themselves, to only die two minutes later. 
"We have two minutes thirty-three seconds to blow that tank. If you run down that hallway then take the second left, you will find a spacesuit." 
"Why do I have to do it?" 
"I will need to evacuate all the air within the ship to help propel us into the right orbit," Eve looks at the screen, knowing she will run out of air. While there may have been an extra oxygen mask on the bridge, she would give it to Kaden. He is more important than her. People need him, no one needs her. 
"Fine!" Raze shouts before taking off down the hall. He will have time to discuss the plan later. 
A clapping Destiny appears in the corridor, causing Raze to come to a sudden halt. Power on the ship returns as Destiny's clap grows louder. The orbit of the small ship, returning. “I am really getting tired the bickering." 
Eve cautiously walks up next to a disgruntled Raze. Everyone knows not to trust Artificial Intelligences, yet here one stands. Destiny has full control of the ship, full working capability, and has just decided to put their lives in danger; to teach them a lesson, to stop their bickering? 
"What gives you the right to throw our lives in danger like that?" Eve shouts. 
"As much as you might not like it, you need to learn that you can trust each other in a life or death situation," Destiny crosses her arms. "You two are behaving like children. Who knows how long Kaden will be out, his body is still evolving." 
Raze glances back at Kaden. "Evolving?" 
"The Crystal he broke, it jumped him to a higher dimensional vibration, to a higher dimension in fact. It raised his awareness, among other abilities. If you could sense what he is sensing right now, if you knew what it is, you would gladly throw yourself at Jupiter. Add to that, you are the only one who can stop it, well you'd be afraid too."  
While the Annunaki know a lot, it is entirely possible, more than likely that they really know little about the vastness of space, the complication of time, additional universes, high dimensional vibrations, Raze knows he can sense things others cannot, and he is operating on the third dimension. What can Kaden sense; what does he know? 
"Fine, I'll temporarily put away my disdain for Raze, in order to help Kaden." 
"What disdain? I have done nothing to you." Raze is starting to get more annoyed by her preconceived ideas about him. He also recognizes that he has held preconceived ideas about Kaden, and humans, only to appreciate his wrongfulness. Hopefully Eve will eventually come to the same conclusion. 
"It's best not to talk about it; else I'll keep hating you." 
"Well that's better I suppose," Destiny says. Moving next to Kaden, she bends down, touching his cheek. She knows he has a fever, a fever that is getting worse. "Please come back Kaden I need you," Destiny whispers into his ear, not allowing the others to hear. 

Chapter 33

Kaden slowly blinks his eyes, his stomach growls at him. He feels weak, weaker than he has felt in a long time. Scanning the room, he is surprised to see he is on a new ship, a larger ship. Trying to push himself up out of his seat, he falls face first onto the floor, before blacking out again. 
Darkness surrounds him, while he feels the sensation of floating. This is not regular darkness, void of any light. This is darkness void of anything and everything. Yet he feels something else there with him, another presence, or lack of one. 
"Hello!" Kaden shouts. Before he can finish his shout, he regrets it. He knows what the presence is, what is there.  
As the presence speaks, Kaden's heart begins to sink, a feeling of utter dread and hopelessness. "Hello Traveler, a new cycle is about to begin," The Stillness speaks; Kaden gets the sense that it is smiling at him eerily. 
"What is it do you want?" Kaden asks his voice and confidence coming from deep within him. Although he is afraid and worried, when he speaks, his voice sings with authority. 
"To end all things, to end you." 
Kaden slips into his Traveler persona. He may feel dread and hopelessness and he may not be as powerful as The Stillness, yet he will not let any weakness show. Numerous times when fighting different foes, when trying to do the impossible where he almost lost everything, he learned that he must believe and then act as if were the one in charge versus the dread, fear and hopelessness that he was feeling. This shift in his paradigm resulted in victory in those numerous times.   
"You've tried before and have failed before," Kaden says, crossing his arms. He may not remember previous fights against The Stillness, but he does have the sense of patterns.  
"I have won before." 
"You might have puffed out a bit of life, but you still never won, life will always continue." 
"Which is why I hunt you, destroy what you love." 
"I love nothing." 
"I have heard that before and found it to not be true." 
Kaden shrugs, feigning boredom. 
"I see you have found a new species to adopt. Do you remember what happens when you adopt a new species?" 
"It does not matter, I'll be going now." By shear will Kaden forces The Stillness away. 
Kaden opens his eyes to see Raze, Destiny, and Eve standing over him, his heart pounding, sweat dripping down his body, his eyes wide. It was a dream he reminds himself, just a dream. The Stillness is not here, not yet at least. He still has time, and if he needs to he can run away, he can escape. 
"Kaden," Destiny says, her voice bringing a little comfort to Kaden.  
"I'm fine," Kaden says, as he pushes himself up. Both Raze and Eve reach for him, helping him up as his stomach growls, forcing him to smile. Even with all that is going on, even with what is to come, he still must stop and eat. There is time to enjoy the little things. 
Eve lets go of Kaden, forcing Raze to take his full weight. Turning around, she grabs the glass of water and bowl of soup Destiny has prepared. In the back of Eve’s mind, she finds herself worried at the speed Destiny gained control of the ship.  
Seeing that Eve picked up the soup and water, Raze helps Kaden to a nearby chair. Once he is seated Eve kneels and begins to spoon feed Kaden, who bounces his eyes between Eve and Raze. 
With the soup and water finished, he begins the process of gathering energy nearby to rid himself of his weakness. "Thank you," Kaden says, hoarsely. 
"You have been out for three days Kaden," Destiny tells him, knowing he will want to know this information. "This ship was left for you, by you, equipped with a transporter, and a cloaking device." 
Kaden knows where she is going, they can destroy Shamash's weapon, upload the virus, and give the people a fighting chance.  
"The ship is amazing. Eve and I have been exploring it while we waited for you to revive." 
"I agree on this, it is fairly impressive."  
"You two don't like each other, do you?" Kaden asks Raze and Eve, sensing hostility between them. "Eve why are you here, and not with your people?" 
"I had to carry you into this ship. My people left for their new home," Eve states, with finality. 
"Do we know where her people are Destiny?" 
"No, I'm afraid we don’t." 
Kaden frowns; he does not want to have to babysit Eve, though she can take care of herself if they get into a fight. "Well what is it you want to do Eve?" 
Eve squints at him, "What do you mean?" 
"Your people are gone; I cannot exactly go looking after them to take you to them. Raze and I have a war to fight, this ship will be in danger. Life on Earth is not going to be easy. I just don't see you returning to the type of life you had before." 
"The type of life that is dull and boring, living in fear, never changing. I'm not going to miss it. For now, I suppose I will stick with you." Eve casts a glance at Raze, challenging him. She knows that Raze considers Kaden's fight his own fight. With a glance Eve is telling him that she is with Kaden as well. 
"Very well. Just understand you can die." 
"To be reborn again." 
Kaden shares a look with Raze. 
"What?" 
"Part of being Nephilim, being a demigod, you only get one life," Raze tells Eve gently, worried about how she will react. "It is a safeguard put in place, to prevent demigods from coming back." 
"That's not completely true," Kaden interrupts. "You cannot come back as a demigod; you can come back as a regular human." 
"What would you call yourself then? You have amazing powers, abilities, strength, and knowledge," Eve rambles, trying to imagine a life in which she did not have her strength; stunned by the idea of being weak, not having abilities.  
 "I have evolved, I have lived, I have spent many lifetimes getting to where I am. You will need to do the same. That is not to say, the process cannot be sped up, it will just take time." 
"Kaden" Destiny interrupts. "We're approaching Earth." 
Kaden moves toward the center of the bridge to see the large view screen. Kaden cringes when seeing Earth, almost looking dead with the craters from destroyed cities and power to most of the planet, gone – leaving the planet dark. His heart aches, what would this place have been like if he had not taken up this fight?  
"Do not focus on what could have been," Destiny tells him, as she walks up beside him. "We are here now." 
"Right." Kaden turns toward Eve and Raze. "Destiny… do we have weapons that we can take with us?" 
Raze raises an eyebrow. "You need a weapon?" 
"No, just thought it might be worthwhile to keep what I can do to myself, for as long as possible." 
"I'm afraid not," Destiny responds to Kaden.  
"Right, is the virus ready?" Destiny happily nods, grateful that they are at least somewhat ready to attack perhaps the most devastating weapon in modern history. 
"Good let's go!" Kaden looks to Destiny, before all three vanish in a blue light. 

Chapter 34

The three are transported into a large luxurious bedroom, decorated in gold and red. At the center of the room is a large circular bed, two Annunaki passionately in each other’s embrace. When the light fades, they look up surprised to see Kaden, Eve, and Raze. 
Before they can issue an alarm, the two Annunaki float upward, unable to move, their faces pale with horror. Kaden flashes them a smile, taunting them.  
"I might let you live if you tell me where the main engine room is." The Annunaki look terrified when they cannot open their mouths to answer. "Right, you need to talk." 
Raze moves next to Kaden, "What's the point of this? Destiny can tell us where to go." 
Kaden pushes Raze aside, he has his reasons. Looking to the Annunaki on the left, Kaden releases his hold on her slightly allowing her to speak. "It's eighteen levels down, the entire bottom floor," the words rush from her mouth. 
"Good." Kaden makes his way to the door; with his mind he snaps the necks of the Annunaki before they fall limply to the ground.  
Raze looks to the dead Annunaki, then to a waiting Kaden. "What is that for?" 
"They are on the wrong side," Kaden says, shrugging his shoulders. In truth, he needed to feel like he is in control. When it comes down to it, he cannot beat Shamash in a one on one fight. The thought of The Stillness, haunts him, drives him wild. 
The three cautiously make their way through the massive station, a station able to destroy cities. Several times Kaden forces his group down different hallways when Annunaki are about to discover them. Eve continually finds herself curious as to how Kaden knows that Annunaki are approaching. Every time she brings up the subject Kaden indicates silence.  
Their journey to the engineering section of the weapon takes hours. More than once Kaden stops the group, having them hide for hours on end. He is relying completely on Destiny, on her ability to detect whoever and whatever is around, alerting him to possible dangers.  
She allows Kaden to focus his abilities on more important tasks, on his defense, on his offense. Destiny gives Kaden the ability to expand what he can do. He no longer has to partition part of his mind on nearby threats; Destiny in coordination with the suit he wears takes that responsibility.  
Halfway through their journey to the lowest level of the weapon, a place where they hoped to be able to destroy the weapon, Kaden suddenly pulls them into a room. A room which is elaborately decorated with riches and technology throughout time displayed around the large room. On the far wall is a large window, giving a complete view of Earth. 
Eve and Raze both move to the window, staring down at Earth. Large craters litter the surface of the planet. The damage and death toll caused by Shamash unimaginable. 
While Raze and Eve both look down at the planet, Kaden begins to search through the various relics, not quite sure what he is searching for.  
"Do you like what you see?" Comes an alluring voice from the shadows. Kaden turns around ready to strike; he relaxes when he sees an attractive olive skinned female Annunaki with jet black hair, matching her piercing black eyes. She is wearing a simple tan robe, held together by a rope at her waist. "I've been collecting since the creation of the human race." 
"Chronicler," Kaden says with a large smile that is returned by The Chronicler, an Annunaki who dedicated herself to keeping the records of her people and the other life forms they interacted with. Kaden is not sure where or how he remembered who she was, but he knows he can trust her. She is apart from the others, independent. Very few beings know of her, she stays in the shadows and watches. 
Chronicler and Kaden embraced each other in a friendly hug at the center of the room. Eve and Raze look on worried and skeptical of her, she can ruin everything for them. Kaden has killed several Annunaki without hesitation, yet he is embracing this one.  
"Kaden Hunt, you have caused a great deal of deaths, change in governments, fear, hope – a lot of history.” Chronicler pushes Kaden away at arm’s length, looking down at him, inspecting him. She notices his perfect complexion, and frowns. “Even as a human you are prideful." 
Kaden tilts his head in confusion, "What are talking about?" 
Chronicler gently touches his skin, "You chase perfection, or at least try to give the allure of perfection. You should know that there is no true perfection." 
Kaden opens his mouth to respond, only to close it immediately. Why is he attempting to have perfect skin? Who is he trying to impress? Kaden frowns as he thinks. The idea of one perfect being, that would be the creator, yet he is not the creator. He has walked with the creator, he is sure. What drives him to be perfect? 
"Enough of such idolatry, why are you here?" Chronicler moves to the bed, sitting down she pats next to her to have Kaden sit and talk. 
"What I find odd, I have no recollection of my previous lives, yet I remember you." 
"You don't remember me, just as you don't remember being the Traveler. What you do have is a knowing of who and what you are, just as you know who and what I am." 
Eve and Raze slowly move to the door, ready to stop anyone who might enter. Just because Kaden might trust this woman, does not mean that they do. She is here, she is an Annunaki. It is enough reason not to trust her. 
"Now tell me, what are you doing here?" Chronicler asks, keeping her attention on Kaden, while also observing Kaden's partners. To be as good as she is at chronicling every detail, she has to be able to separate her focus. 
"I'm here to destroy this station," Kaden tells her. Both Raze and Eve look at Kaden wide eyed; how can he just tell her what they are about to do? 
Eve rushes forward tackling Kaden and places her hand over his mouth. "What are you doing?" 
Chronicler laughs while Kaden looks at Eve with a mix of surprise and anger. 
Chronicler grabs Eve's arm, pulling her off Kaden. "Now, now young one, The Traveler and I are old friends." 
Eve shoots Chronicler a glance warning her not to touch Kaden.  
"Get off me Eve," Kaden commands. He could have easily thrown her off and subdued her. "Trust me." 
Eve looks down at Kaden, into his eyes. She sees sincerity in them, protection. Eve squints, there is something else, focusing her eyes widened. She gets off Kaden; meekly backing away she looks at Kaden, taking him in for the first time, not as The Traveler, not as a threat, but as a person. He is attractive, very attractive, and fit. He is kind, but angry, he can do whatever he wants, literally. Eve sees who he is for the first time, the man behind the legend, the man standing in front of her. 
She has been so caught up in what is happening, in who The Traveler is, that she ignored the man altogether. His appearance has been nothing, his personality irrelevant. Now she sees it, everything connected. What she sees sends shivers down her spine – a man higher than all men, a man above all men. The legend is nothing compared to the man in front of her. Yet he would never admit it. Eve knows to Kaden each life is as equally precious and worth living as all other lives. 
Kaden smiles at her, forcing Eve to look away.  
"Now that that is over, how do you plan on destroying this station?" asks Chronicler 
Destiny appears standing in front of Chronicler, who looks at Destiny in surprise. 
"You always loved your Artificial Intelligences," Chronicler says shaking her head in disbelief. "What can I do to help?" 
"Can you call a meeting?" Kaden asks, partially distracted by Eve's sudden demeanor change.  
"A meeting?" Raze asks. 
"If she can call everyone, to a main room, clear our way, it will make it much easier to get where we need to be?" 
"Have you thought about how you will destroy this place up?" Chronicler asks. 
Kaden shrugs, "I figured we'd make it up as we go."  
Chronicler briefly smiles at Kaden, before she gets up. Moving toward the far wall, she pulls out a small gold cylinder. With her hands on both ends, she pulls the device apart, revealing a small red core. Chronicler closes the device before handing it to Kaden. "If you twist it while you push it back together, it will activate a five-minute countdown before it explodes. That device alone will destroy this base, no matter where you place it." 
Chronicler moves to the door and leaves, leaving Kaden staring in disbelief. He has seen this device before, Jamison had one.  
"Kaden, you know what that is?" Raze asks.  
Kaden shakes his head in response. Can the device still be in Jamison’s old apartment? 
"It's a nuclear device Kaden, you're holding a nuke." 
Kaden's eyes widen, such a small device capable of utter and horrid destruction. 

Chapter 35

Kaden, Eve, Raze and Destiny stand on the bridge of the Hope, the name Kaden has given to his new ship. They watch in a mixture of delight and horror as Shamash's orbital platform explodes into dazzling colors, sending large chunks of debris raining down to Earth. Have they done the right thing? Now death rains from above, throwing more damage at the planet. 
Kaden turns away, a few tears gently forming around his eyes. How many deaths has he caused? How many families are destroyed because of him? 
"The destruction that is raining down on you is an act of terrorism!" Shamash's voice echoes, angrily. "The same man who brought us here, the same one who you cheered, who caused the destruction, did this, killing thousands of my brothers and sisters!" 
Kaden turns back around to see Shamash's face; he clenches his fists in anger. "Destiny hack into the feed, I want to speak." 
Destiny nods, within seconds an image of Kaden appears opposite to Shamash. "I am Kaden Hunt; I am the one who Shamash is calling a terrorist. I am the one who stands and fights the Annunaki; I am the one who destroyed the weapon Shamash has used to level cities." 
Shamash smiles eerily at Kaden. "At last you show yourself, at last the people can see the face of the one who killed my brother." 
"I did not kill your brother Shamash; he gave his life so that I could live to fight you." 
Shamash laughs, "My brother is above you Kaden Hunt." 
"Your brother knows who I am, just as you know who I am, and keep it from your people." Kaden smiles when the signal is lost. 
"What does it gain to taunt him?" Eve asks. 
Kaden turns to face Eve, every time he sees her, sees how beautiful she is, he pauses. "It will rattle him; force him to make an irrational move." Kaden turns back to the view screen. "Now we begin to play mind games with him, make him paranoid." 
Kaden stands in silence watching the screen, looking down at planet Earth. His grip on the back of the chair he is standing behind increases. He cannot win a fight with Shamash directly, he is not powerful enough, but he can play with him, trick him into defeating himself. People will believe what they want to believe, he reminds himself. 
Caught up in his thoughts he does not notice when Eve and Raze leave, they both try to talk to him, to say goodnight, only to be ignored. The truth for Kaden, Shamash while more powerful, is an annoyance. There are enemies out in space, out in different universes that hate him. They hate him so much, that they will kill whomever, or whatever he associates with.  
The Stillness is coming yet he does not know when, how, or even in what form; he just knows it is coming. That scares him; he is barely holding himself together. How can he defeat an enemy so powerful that it can destroy entire universes? He is not powerful enough, he needs to gain in power, and he needs more time. 
"We can leave Kaden," Destiny says standing next to him looking out into space as he is. "You owe these people nothing; we can leave, we can explore this galaxy alone, this universe, other universes." Just like Kaden, Destiny feels the call, the call to travel, to run away, to avoid The Stillness.  
Kaden thinks over what she just said, it is always in the back of his mind. He can leave; he has probably done it in past lives, in past cycles with The Stillness. If he runs it will give him the time he needs to gain in power. The temptation is always there, in the back of his mind. It would be easy. No one would know. 
Yet he would, he and Destiny. They might be able to hide what they have done, leaving millions if not billions to die at the hands of Shamash, of throwing Earth into a war it cannot win and abandoning its people, but they would know.  
A knock comes at the door; Kaden turns stunned to see Eve wearing nothing but her underwear. His mouth drops momentarily when he sees her. He has been with a lot of beautiful women, fit women, yet she is…  He cannot put a word to describe her beauty.  
"I seem to be out of clothes," Eve says with a faint smile. "Any chance there's some lying around?" 
"Your quarters should have some," Destiny says, smiling before disappearing. This would be one of those instances where Kaden would like his privacy. 
Eve walks up next to Kaden, confidently. If she does not feel confident around him, he would not know it though. "Space is beautiful." Eve tells him sitting down in the chair Kaden is standing behind, giving Kaden ample view of her cleavage. 
Kaden shakes his head when he realizes he is staring at Eve instead of space. He blushes before looking up at the view screen again and missing Eve's own blushing face.  
"There's more than just this little solar system, there's galaxies and universes out there calling to me." Kaden tells her, moving back and to the side, to help keep his focus on the viewing screen.  
Eve spins the chair around to look at Kaden, she smiles when she sees him blush. "You'll get to explore them all, you have time." Raze has told Eve how old Kaden is. He can potentially live forever, giving him the time to explore. She is just a blip to him. 
"Raze tells me you can regenerate?" Kaden forces a smile as he can potentially teach her, since he can teach anyone.  
"I have to admit I'm jealous," Eve crosses her legs, swinging a foot back and forth. 
"You do not know the burden I feel, the complete emptiness." Kaden turns around, trying to hide his fear. 
Eve cocks her head with curiosity; what game is he playing? "The ability to live forever, to see stars born, civilizations rise." 
"And to see stars die, civilizations turn to dust where they are completely forgotten," Kaden interrupts, keeping his back toward her his voice filled with sadness. The Stillness is still there, he can hear its call. He is afraid, and he cannot show it.  
Eve pushes herself up, moving toward Kaden; she tries to see his face. Kaden only keeps his back to her; he has to be strong for them.  
Annoyed Eve forces him to turn around. What she sees makes her to pause. His face is red, silent tears running down his cheeks as his face and aura are full of fear and dread. His bloodshot eyes look into hers, before his face goes stone cold, emotionless. 
Kaden pushes past her. She should not have seen him like this. He should not have feelings of worry, of fear as he is The Traveler. After two steps he feels something pulling him back. 
Spinning around he sees Eve has his hand. No matter how hard he tries to pull away, she keeps pulling him toward her. Finally, he breaks down and begins to let it all out as she holds him – all the deaths he is responsible for, the misery he has caused, the fear of failing, the fear of Shamash, the fear of The Stillness, the pressure to succeed, to be perfect, to win. 
For hours he cries in her arms, the past fifty years, every wrong deed he has committed. Each face he has harmed, he sees.  When he can no longer cry, he sits in silence, in Eve's arms, arms that comfort him, telling him everything will be alright. 
"Do you feel better?" Eve asks when he stops crying. She has never seen a man, a man as powerful as Kaden show such openness, such emotion, to her of all people. She feels honored he has been open enough to even cry in her arms. She does not know what is plaguing him, yet it still weighs down on him. 
"I'm sorry you had to… " Eve pushes a finger to his lips hushing him.  
"Do not worry; you opened yourself up to me, like no one ever has." Eve will treasure this moment forever. She has always worn the persona of being indestructible, the responsibility of leading. "We will defeat Shamash." 
"It's not Shamash I'm fearful of, it's something else." 
"Tell me, Kaden," when she says his name, it makes all his troubles and fear melt away. He feels safe with her. 
"What is it then?" 
"There's a time and a place for everything, I do not think this is either." 
Eve frowns at him; he is closing himself off again, hardening his walls. Opening her mouth to protest, she is pleasantly surprised when Kaden kisses her, passionately. Eve closes her eyes, losing herself in the moment, a moment that quickly fades. 
She blinks in surprise to see Kaden smiling at her, his confidence returning. There is still something different, the burden she has seen seems to be lightened. His smile is sincere; his eyes again gleam with joy. 
"I'm not trying to shut you out Eve," Kaden says, placing loose strands of hair behind her ear. "I don't fully understand what it is. What I do know is that it is far worse than Shamash." 

Chapter 36

When the news reached Alysha that Shamash's orbital weapon had been destroyed, she was overjoyed. Her people celebrated, dancing in the halls. For the first time since they had taken refuge on their ships, they felt hope again. It was hope that they needed, hope that would drive them to push harder. 
It was in those moments of celebration, of different spirits being passed around that Alysha noticed Horus looking at her. Not just a look but lusting after her. It might have been the drinks that pushed her toward Horus for a passionate night unlike any other. 
What originally started off as just one night three weeks back has turned into a daily ritual, a ritual to where both share the same quarters, where everyone recognizes the new couple. Alysha knows that Horus is happy; still she sees the worry in his aura. It is a worry she herself shares. Horus has been loyal to The Traveler, when he was Amen-Ra and she was married to him and loved him. Even now she feels a pull toward Kaden, part of her still loves him.  
She knows his anger is unmatched, if he remembers who he is, who she is, what will he do? Certainly, she can explain, and be forgiven for what she had to put up with, with Raze. Although she had her suspicions that Kaden might be The Traveler, she just was not sure – until now. Now she does know, and he is her husband, from another life. 
Horus looks at her, a look that melts away all fears. "He will understand," Horus tells her. Sitting up he begins to massage her back. 
"I know him better than anyone," she says, closing her eyes, enjoying the massage. Horus has a gentle touch yet knows when he has to be firm. "I know his anger. He can go off for no reason at the simplest of things." 
"He can also see reason and forgive the highest offenses." 
Alysha only nods in agreement, enjoying the continued massage. It is as if there is no pattern to The Traveler, no logic to him. If he was a normal man, he would be called insane, thrown in a mental institution on Earth, and forgotten about. Yet he knows more than she can ever dream of and seen more in one lifetime. Seeing the death and rebirth of stars, galaxies, and universes, what would that do to you? So many times, he has been alone. 
Alysha loses focus, when Horus gently nibbles her neck, causing her to moan softly in pleasure. Removing the small robe, she wore, Horus continues to move his mouth down her body. Alysha knows where he is going, she longs for his touch between her legs, a longing, interrupted by a knock at the door. 
Horus looks up, only to have Alysha pull his head back down. The knock comes again; Horus regrettably leaves his position.  
Moving to the door, he opens it to reveal a young, attractive Annunaki female, who looks at the naked Horus standing before her with a smile, a smile that fills Alysha with jealousy. 
"What do you want?" Alysha asks her voice filled with hostility, her eyes warning the intruder to be quick and to have a point. 
The young Annunaki quickly snaps her gaze from Horus to Alysha. "We think we've found Amen-Ra," her voice squeaks out. "Well he found us." 
That is a surprise to Alysha. Not nearly the surprise of seeing Kaden in his red leather jacket, black pants, and white shirt stroll through the doorway, followed by Raze, and another beautiful human female. 
"Can you please put some clothes on?" Kaden asks, as a towel floats to cover up Alysha. Kaden turns to Horus, extending his hand he introduces himself, "I'm Kaden Hunt, The Traveler." 
"I know who you are Amen-Ra, all of us here know who you are," Horus says, slightly dipping his head ignoring Kaden's outstretched hand. "It is an honor to see you again my friend." 
Kaden turns to both Raze and Eve smiling. "I know him, cool." 
Alysha squints, what game is he playing? 
"Right, okay. How much longer do you need to finish up?" Kaden asks. "By the way, Alysha I know who you were in a past life, well I know of you. I still cannot remember any of my past lives, which I'm beginning to think, is a good thing." 
Horus looks at Kaden confused.  
"What I'm trying to say is we're done." Kaden turns to leave, pausing in the doorway he looks at a stunned Alysha. "Oh, Raze is on my side now." 
"Again," Raze interjects. 
"Right, again. If anyone tries to hurt him, tries to do anything to him, if he is unable to defend himself, they will answer to me," shares Kaden.  
Kaden continues out the door followed by Raze and the other female – leaving Alysha staring and wondering, what just happened? 
Kaden, Eve, and Raze follow the younger Annunaki, who wears a black jumpsuit. Raze had told him that if an Annunaki wore black, they betrayed their masters. They were the lowest in their society. Yet to Kaden everyone here, everyone who chose to defy Shamash, was above him. 
The Annunaki leads the group into a nearby room with several round windows showing a view of the sun. Kaden’s suspicions are confirmed by Destiny that the windows are filtering the sun’s harmful radiation. In the center of the room sits a dark blue oval table with an oval hole at the center and with a dozen chairs surrounding it. 
Once Kaden, Eve, and Raze are in the room, the door promptly shuts, locking them in. Kaden moves to one of the nearby windows, watching the sun, impatiently drumming his fingers. Raze leans against the wall opposite the door, his arms crossed, waiting for anything bad to happen.  
Eve glances at Kaden, then to Raze, and back at Kaden, before giving a sigh as she sits herself down in one of the chairs. Leaning back several times she finds the chair to be extremely comfortable. 
Kaden peeks over his shoulder, as the door hisses open. He is surprised to see a gathering of Annunaki outside the door, pointing and whispering. Once the door closes, he returns his gaze at the sun. Completely ignoring the tray of food and water brought in. The Annunaki gently places the tray at the near edge of the table. Turning to Kaden, she opens her mouth as to speak. Then, quickly deciding against it, she turns to the door making a hasty retreat. 
It is a simple and obvious tactic to make them wait; the question is how long should I let them? This waiting is useless and absurd when there is important work to do.  
His thoughts are interrupted as the door yet again opens. This time Horus and Alysha walk in, followed by four other Annunaki. Horus takes a seat at the end of the table nearest the door, while Alysha takes the other head of the table, indicating they were both equal in authority. The other four Annunaki take seats opposite of where Kaden is standing watching the sun. An unpleased Eve is forced to change seats. Once a reluctant Raze sits down, Kaden starts making his way to one of the remaining seats, eyeing each person in the room.
Minutes pass as everyone waits for Kaden to take his seat. He takes everyone in the room in; he can see the smug look of Raze, the calculating expression from Eve, the other four Annunaki whispering to one another. He knows what they are saying, talking in awe of him, whispering how rude he is to ignore them. 
When the comet Kaden has been watching finally plunges into the sun, he turns around. While part of him has purposely forced the others to wait, he was genuinely interested in the comet. According to Destiny's scans it had been filled with Gold, almost ten billion dollars’ worth, At least it would have been if gold was being bought and sold on Earth. That one element was the reason for the creation humans; it is what brought the Annunaki to Earth. 
"Kaden, I wish to…” Alysha starts to speak.  
Kaden holds up his hand silencing her. He looks at those opposite him, Destiny through the suit providing detailed reports on age, abilities, bio signatures, as well as other data. The only one in the room who would give him a challenge in a fight would be Horus. Still Kaden thinks he can manage to win a fight, even if all of them attacked at once.  
Kaden turns to Horus, "I've been told that I am married to Alysha, Ammunet in a previous life." While Horus did not reflect worry, Kaden sees in his aura fear, shame, and a sense of betrayal. Kaden tilts his head, taking several steps toward Horus. "We've met before haven't we, in a previous life that is? 
"I was your bodyguard, tasked with keeping you safe," Horus says, his tone emotionless. He is preparing for punishment Kaden realizes. "I along with Raze, were the ones who always went with you, until his betrayal." 
Kaden senses a smidge of hostility in Horus's last words. "He has been forgiven by me, the one he betrayed. Since he is the one who did me wrong, no one will hold any ill will toward him." 
The others whisper at the comment. Raze has a reputation among the Annunaki loyal to The Traveler as a traitor. He is held in more disdain than Benedict Arnold is by the American people. Yet he has proven himself over the last month to be the type of man Kaden wants by him in the worst situations. He trusts Raze almost as much as he trusts Destiny and Eve.  
Three weeks ago Kaden gave back Raze’s soul without telling him. The plan being to wait until Raze argues with him about something with such conviction that he risks Kaden forcing him to do it. At that point Raze will realize that his life is his own again. Since Kaden fights for life, for the right to choose, how can he keep another's life? 
Kaden returns his attention to Horus. If he was one of his most loyal guards in years past, he would have been a friend, a close friend. From what Kaden has determined Horus and Alysha have been together for weeks. Who knows how long they have been together in previous lives after he had disappeared. Because of Horus' loyalty to Kaden, to Horus he would have betrayed Kaden, with a wife from thousands of years prior, a wife he does not remember let alone have any romantic feelings for.  
Since Horus, as a soldier would expect punishment for his treason, Kaden moves to stand behind Horus, "You slept with Alysha in this life and others after I disappeared?" Horus does not answer; he only casts his head down in shame. Kaden takes Horus's hand and he places it flat on the table.  
Horus prepares himself to lose a hand, if not both. It would be the start of his punishment. The guilt over the millennia has been eating at him; part of him is glad that his punishment commences. Before he can open his mouth, asking that Kaden spare Alysha, Horus feels a light hit on the back of his head. He turns around surprised and sees Kaden smiling at him. 
"I cannot hold you or Alysha responsible for actions after I left. For actions I cannot remember, for feelings that are no longer there," Kaden says, turning to Alysha. He is relieved to see his last words did not hurt her. "What type of man would I be to forgive Raze, yet not to forgive you, for something you did after I had died?" Horus looks at Kaden stunned. 
Kaden moves away from Horus. Walking past Eve, he gently touches her shoulder, sending a small amount of energy into her. She shivers, as her spine tingles. She longs to be with him, to kiss him as they did three weeks ago. After that night, he has closed her off; at least that is how it appears. She knows that he hasn't in the glances he gives her, in the playful remarks, in his aura he allows her to see. Although she knows very little about him, still he trusts her, opening up to her and showing her a side of him that very few have seen. 
Kaden places himself in the seat next to Raze, who arrogantly smiles at the others. He has Kaden's full trust, trust he will not betray again, even with his life. It is not out of fear or the fact that Kaden owns his soul. It is out of respect, out of belief in Kaden. Although he does not remember the betrayal, he has assured Raze that, even if he had remembered it, he would still have forgiven Raze. Kaden reminds Raze that people change and that they have to accept that change, forgiving the past.  
Placing himself in the chair, Kaden leans back, admiring how comfortable the chair is. Of course, he, Eve and Raze not being the size of an Annunaki, look incredibly small in the chairs. The smallest Annunaki is a little less than seven feet, while most are over nine feet. Kaden is sure the sight of him in the chair is humorous. Still he is doing his best to show confidence, ignoring the humor in the situation. Lucky for them, the table is not above their heads, it is at their chest. 
"Well, onto business I suppose," Kaden says, rubbing his hands together. "Shamash's orbital destruction weapon henceforth called Shamash's ODW, as I'm tired of not having a name for it, is finally destroyed. A virus has been placed in Shamash's systems, crippling his long-range targeting and scanning abilities."  
Kaden's last comment sends the others across from him into excited whispers. Obviously, they were not aware of that bit of information. Kaden smiles, as a glass filled with water floats to him. 
Eve rolls her eyes while smiling; she is beginning to realize he likes to show off. Does he generally like to show off, or is he showing off for her? 
"Kaden, that is great. How did you find us?" Alysha blurts out. It has been plaguing her since he surprised her and Horus in their room.  She has dedicated most of their resources over a month trying to find him.  
"Raze gave me a list of old Annunaki and human stations, bases, and ships." Kaden looks to Eve and smiles. "It was how we met Eve and got our new ship. We've spent the last three weeks since destroying Shamash's ODW looking at old sites." 
"Yes, but how did you come to the sun; to our hiding spot?" Horus asks, he is worried that if Kaden has found them, who else could find them. 
"We detected very faint gravitational fluctuations," Eve says, leaving out the fact that it was Destiny who noticed the fluctuations. "Raze mentioned that there was at one point a ship orbiting the sun, which is why we were looking here to begin with." 
"I am very pleased to see that you have a small fleet of ships, thus allowing you to help in this fight," Kaden says rather matter-of-factly.
Kaden watches as Alysha shares a glance with Horus, almost as if they were talking with each other. 
"Kaden, we're in no position to fight. Our resources are spread thin and these ships are damaged and old. With Shamash's vast fleet of ships in this solar system, any direct fight will easily destroy us. We won't be able to fight without a clear plan of attack." 
Kaden frowns as he thinks. When Destiny told him the status of the ships, he knew they would not be able to help much if at all. Still he had hoped that they would have been more willing to fight.  
"Do you have a plan to fight?" One of the Annunaki asks. "It's obvious we cannot fight. If we do many of us will die. How can we go back to our people and ask them to die recklessly? What is your plan?” 
Kaden, along with everyone else, whether on his side or Shamash's, knows that they cannot win in a straight fight. "Death by a thousand cuts," Kaden says, his gaze making the others look away. "Small victory, after small victory, will drive Shamash insane. We cannot sit back and wait however long it might take to gain power." 
Horus nods his agreement; he has been thinking the same thing. "Precision attacks, ones we know we can win, out in space, and on Earth." 
Kaden snaps his fingers, pointing at Horus. "Exactly! If a mosquito keeps biting you, it can be so small you cannot capture it, and yet deliver you your death. Especially if you become annoyed with it, you begin to whirl around not seeing the cliff in front of you, falling to your death." 
"I don't know what a mosquito is, yet I understand your analogy," Horus says. "If you focus on Earth, stir up trouble there; we can focus on things up here." 
Kaden smiles, it is what he has been hoping for. "The real fight will be on Earth. If you distract him, even draw part of his attention out here, we will eventually wear Shamash down, to the point where we will hopefully find a weakness." 
Horus nods his mind racing with the possibilities. Despite the fact that we lack resources it does not mean that we cannot use the resources we do have to cause trouble. Different tactics, ideas, battle plans race through his head. "We'll need to coordinate with you on some level." 
"It can be arranged later," Alysha says. "For now let's announce that The Traveler is back!" 

Chapter 37

"I don't like it!" Raze shouts to Kaden and Eve as he paces about the bridge of the Hope, Kaden’s ship. "Why should I stay, and not her?" Raze points at Eve. "Destiny can control the ship and communicate, why am I needed here?" 
Kaden patiently waits for Raze's tirade to end, the tirade Kaden has been expecting. He is waiting for Raze to argue, to say no. 
"I'm going with you, it's that simple." Raze stops his pacing, he looks at Kaden, daring him to force him otherwise.  
"Your face is being blasted across the planet, the solar system!" Kaden argues back. 
"So is yours… and hers for that matter."  
"I'm going with you, you'll need protection."  
"What makes you think I need protection?" 
"I just know you'll get into trouble and need help." 
"Raze, it will be helpful to have someone on the ship, to help Destiny should she need it." Kaden knows that Destiny will not need help; his argument is a test for Raze. 
"I'm coming with you Kaden. Not only do you need protection from others, you need protection from yourself. I need to continue learning, adapting, growing." Raze may have remembered his previous lives but having become human the knowledge and abilities of those lives are lost to him. 
"I can't force you to stay," Kaden says, snickering, wondering how much longer it will take Raze to realize his soul is his again. 
"Of course, you…" Raze’s eyes widened as he realizes what is happening. He quickly focuses inward, looking at his soul. It is whole, unbounded to anyone, he owns it.  
Kaden lets out a loud laugh at the look of astonishment on Raze's face. Eve too lets a slight giggle slip out. 
"How long?" Razed asks, tears starting to form in his eyes. He is his own person again; he can make his own choices, his own decisions. No longer can he be forced to do something he does not wish to do. 
"Three weeks," Kaden says, with a shrug. 
"You did not think to tell me?" Raze raises his voice, the realization that he thought he was being controlled by Kaden starting to anger him. Yet in that time, Kaden never forced him to do anything, the choice being Raze’s choice. He freely chose to follow Kaden, a choice he will continue to make. 
"I wanted you to find out on your own," Kaden says with a shrug. 
"Fine, since I can make my own decisions I'm coming with!" Raze shouts, turning around he wipes the tears from his eyes. The feeling of being himself, of not being owned, overjoys him.  
Destiny appears next to Raze, smiling at him. "I guess you win." 
Raze turns to look at her and blinks clearing his eyes. "What does she mean you win?" 
"Destiny and I had a bet going to see how long it would take you to realize you own your own soul. I chose less than a month." 
"It does not help that you rigged the contest," Destiny says, referring to the fact that Kaden knew Raze would want to come, which is why he said he could not come. 
"Why was I not included?" Eve asks jealously.   
"You would have just told him when it was your chance to win," Kaden points out. 
Eve feigns offense by placing her hand to her chest with her mouth opened. "I would never..." 
"Yes you would," Raze interjects.  
Eve only shrugs her agreement. 
"Well now that this is settled, where are we planning to go?" Raze asks. While they have the beginning of a plan, one that can take lifetimes, they need to delve into specifics. 
"Destiny," Kaden says, walking to a nearby console, a hologram of Earth appears, littered with blue and red dots. In some areas the dots are larger, while other areas have smaller dots. 
"Red represents Annunaki forces," Destiny says, moving behind the console. 
"Why are they red? Why not green?" Eve asks. 
Destiny shoots Eve an annoyed look, before the red dots turn to green. Eve smugly smiles. 
"Green are the Annunaki. Any place a group of Annunaki might be, whether a mining outpost, military base, or a group moving from place to place. Blue are human armed forces." 
Kaden touches the globe, zooming in on the Northwestern part of what used to be the United States. Stopping the image shows several smaller groups of Annunaki, with much larger groups of humans in the wilderness. "From the patterns we are seeing, the Annunaki are hunting an emerging rebel group. What we are also seeing, small groups of Annunaki are out scouting the land, trying to get updated Intel with their scanners still disabled." 
"What are you proposing?" Eve asks, noticing a large group of humans descending on a small group of Annunaki. Momentarily the smaller green dot vanishes. 
"We go and join the rebellion," Kaden says. "As Raze points out, our faces are everywhere. People will know who we are, we can help fight, help them organize." 
"We need to think of something else Kaden," Raze says. "Communication. While we can communicate, in order for these groups to get organized, they need to be able to communicate with each other outside of us." 
"I've been working on that," Destiny says. "While yes, most satellites have been destroyed, cell towers have not. We can hack these towers, create and mask a signal allowing for communication. The problem will be masking the signal. Even with just short-range scanning capabilities, Shamash and his forces will be able to detect the signals and stop them." 
"We can get to that later; for now, let's make some noise!" Kaden shouts, as wind whips through the bridge from a door opening and revealing a clear blue day. Kaden smiles, flashing Raze a salute as he walks out the door backwards. Raze laughs as Kaden vanishes, causing Eve to rush to the door concerned. She watches amazed as Raze follows Kaden, free-falling. 
Kaden looks to his left to see Raze, the wind howling around them. It is simple moments such as these that are the true joys of life, simple moments of fun and adventure, when the worries of life leave.  
"Do you think Eve will jump?" Raze asks, his voice lost in the wind. 
Kaden turns around, with his back facing the ground, he sees Eve jump. As soon as she leaves the deck his ship vanishes.  
Not wanting to be outdone by the boys, Eve tucks her arms to her side; pointing her body down she speeds downward. How she will stop, she has no idea. All she knows is that she trusts Kaden, he will stop her.  
Kaden watches as Eve zips passed them, flashing a smile. Not to be outdone, he points himself down toward the ground, using a bit of a push he speeds past her, until he is right under her. Looking into her green eyes, he is amazed at the joy he sees in them. 
"How are you doing?" Kaden asks, projecting his voice to be heard over the roar of the wind. 
"I'm free falling toward a planet, with no ability to stop," Eve says, the wind blowing her hair wildly. 
"Its fun isn't it?" Kaden smirks. He gently places his arms around her waist drawing her even closer. 
"When you ignore the ground approaching fast on you, yes," Eve says, wrapping her arms around his neck. 
Kaden pulls her in close, the ground approaching fast. Leaning his head in, making Eve think he is going to kiss her, he changes the direction of his head, allowing him to whisper into her ear, "If I'm around, I won't let you fall." Instantly the two stop several feet above the ground. The two spin lost in the moment lost in each other’s arms.  
The moment quickly perishes with sounds of gunfire echoing around them, shouts of injured fighters screaming in pain, screaming for the comfort of their mothers. Shots whirl past them, annoying Kaden.  
Gently he places Eve and himself on the ground, trees and tall grass giving them cover. Raze touches down near them moments later, taking cover behind a large rock on the top of the hill they had landed on.  
"All channels are jammed," Destiny tells Kaden, knowing that he will not want any Annunaki forces alerting others of Kaden's arrival.  
Kaden reluctantly lets Eve go. Jumping on the rock Raze is behind he yells, "Can everyone please just quiet down." 
An Annunaki sees Kaden, taking aim he prepares to fire. The Annunaki soldier falls to the ground, dead, a rock thrown by Eve wedged in his skull. 
Another Annunaki takes aim at Kaden, only to be thrown back by a blast of psychokinetic energy from Raze. 
"I said be quite!" Kaden shouts, the intensity in his voice, giving pause to all. "Great!" Through the screen in his eyes, Destiny lets Kaden know the exact location of all eight remaining Annunaki, who are outnumbered five to one by the human fighters. "Annunaki, I'm afraid the battle is no longer in your favor."  
Another Annunaki takes a shot at Kaden, who raises his hand stopping the bolt of energy halfway. Shaking his head, the bolt flies back at the Annunaki, killing her. Their arrogance constantly astonishes Kaden. Surely, they can put up a better fight, if they chose different tactics. Yet they never will, which will be their downfall. They are a dying race. 
"Your odds are even worse now, throw down your weapons." 
The Annunaki choose to ignore Kaden, choosing instead to focus all their weapon power and psychokinetic abilities on him. Eve and Raze leap off the hill, tumbling downward as an explosion of multitudinous lights shatter the rock Kaden is standing on, into pieces. When the light fades, a large ten-foot crater has replaced the rock. Nothing of the rock or Kaden is left. 
Using the pause, the Annunaki return their concentration on the nearby humans. In seconds dozens die, as they were focused on where Kaden once stood. Once they recognize the fighting resumed, they quickly take cover, returning fire. 
On her hands and knees, the heat from the explosion radiating above her, Eve does not want to look up, she does not want to register that Kaden is not there. She knows it, she can sense when he is close. Anger fills her, giving her focus. Grabbing several nearby rocks Eve stands. With inhuman strength she propels a rock at the nearest Annunaki, dropping him to the ground. Turning around, she sends another rock hurtling toward another Annunaki, who manages to avoid the rock, which makes contact with a tree, shattering it. 
The Annunaki takes aim at Eve; before he can pull the trigger, he feels a strong punch in the gut. The pain, along with the impact forces the Annunaki to bend forward clutching his stomach. The last image he sees is a knee making contact with his face – dealing a deadly blow by cracking his skull. 
Picking up the Annunaki’s fallen weapon, Raze activates it, which forms a blade of fire. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Eve kill two more of their attackers. Not to be outdone, he avoids the swing of an attacking Annunaki's fire sword. The momentum of his attacker takes the attacker several steps past Raze, who uses the advantage to deal a deadly slice to the back.  
Turning to his left, he shoots three rapid blasts of the weapon. Each blast finds its target, killing them instantly. With as much power, and technology, as the Annunaki have, most can only focus on one thing at a time – thus allowing Raze to take advantage and deal a blow that they should have easily stopped. What happened to their personal shields, whether generated with their abilities or a worn piece of technology? 
Eve scans the clearing, holding a rock in both hands. She pants, wanting there to be more. Her anger screams at her for more, she wants revenge. When she sees that all the Annunaki are dead, she falls to her knees as the rocks fall from her hands. She lets out a loud scream of anguish, before she begins to weep. Raze walks up next to her, squatting down he put his hand on her shoulders comforting her.  
When the humans realize the fight is over, that their enemies are dead, one by one they slowly came out of the forest, forming a circle around the two, making sure out of both respect and caution to give plenty of room.  
When Eve's sobbing becomes a saddened whimper, a man in his thirties, with brown hair and sharp green eyes, wearing a green camouflage jacket and pants, approaches. Leaving Eve's side Raze meets the man, who keeps his gun on his shoulder. 
"I'm sorry about your friend," the man says looking up at Raze, who stood higher up on the hill than the man. 
"More than you'll know," Raze responds, his voice harsh. Without Kaden they will lose. A brief temptation to return to Shamash enters his mind, a temptation Raze quickly dismisses; he will carry Kaden's fight, the fight for life. "That man was your best chance of winning your freedom back." 
"You two seemed to do okay dealing with the invaders," the man says, switching his gun from one shoulder to the other. 
"These," Raze motions around him at the dead Annunaki, "are just scouts, weak ones at that. There are more powerful ones out there that will come with the death of these scouts.”  Raze does not know if he can personally fight them. His powers, his abilities, are not nearly on their level. He will have to get creative, as Kaden has shown him. 
The man grunts his response before walking away. At the bottom of the hill he turns around. "Will you be coming with us?" 
Raze nods. Moving to Eve's side, he picks her up. She pulls away from him before walking down the hill, lost in memories of Kaden, his smile, his smell, his entire being. 
Raze and Eve follows the group through the twisting forest. Day turns to dusk, which turns to night. Both are lost in their own thoughts, thoughts on the loss of Kaden – Raze saddened at the loss of his friend, Eve lost in the memories of the man she adored. They are both surprised when they stop in a small camp of no more than a hundred humans, a camp littered with tents, campfires, electric lights. It is an unorganized refugee camp. 

Chapter 39

Kaden flashes in, shaking his head to clear the haze in his mind. He is surprised to see it is dark out. He is even more surprised at the large crater he is standing in, and the bodies of Annunaki lying about. The screen in his eye, projected by Destiny tells him their weapons are gone, picked clean.  
"What happened?" Kaden asks. He makes his way to the closest Annunaki; bending down next to her he rubs his hands together as a white glow appears around them. Placing his hands on her chest the white energy leaves his hands. Moving into the Annunaki she begins to glow, which fades as the energy fills her. Her skin turns from green to white, her body shrinks to the size of a human, still taller than most humans. 
The woman sits up taking a deep breath, surprised to be alive – her eyes wide with fear and worry. Just a couple of moments ago she was dead and in the Astral realm with her family. Now she is back in the physical world with a smiling human, whom she recognizes, by her side. He is the enemy, Kaden Hunt. Yet he has revived her, brought her back to life.  
She feels as if she is in a daze. Her instincts dictate that she should attack the man, a man who seems taller than her. She looks down at her hands only to see that they are white. Shocked she pushes back in fear. Examining her body, she finds that she is what the humans call white. She rushes over to the nearby stream. With a full moon, she has enough light to see that she looks human.  
Her hands frantically roam her body, inspecting it. She searches inward, finding that she is different. She still has her previous abilities, her gifts – unlike others who have become human, who have to start over. She turns to see the man looking at her, smiling. "What have you done?" She shouts at him, wanting to attack, to lash out. Yet she sees the power he has and knows that she would be no match. 
"Honestly, I surprised even myself with this one," Kaden says, laughing to himself. He was in the Astral and saw her die. He knew how much time before the link between her body and soul fades. Knowing where her body is, knowing what her soul looks like, he was able to bring her back with the intention to question her, after which he will let her return to her peace. When she became human it surprised him. Kaden attributes it to his touch, to a small amount of his energy, energy of a human entering her body, giving her life.  She is an entirely new creation. 
The woman gets up; her legs give out under her. Kaden quickly rushes to catch her. She is impressed with his speed, faster than even the fastest of her kind, her old kind – a realization which makes her sad.  
Kaden leads her to a nearby rock where he helps her to sit down. Then turning to the stream, a small sphere of water floats to him. Plucking it out of the air he offers it to her. Tentatively she takes it. Upon taking a sip she realizes how thirsty she is. Quickly she finishes the water, only to want more. As if he’s reading her mind, another sphere of water arrives. This time she plucks it out of the air and drinks it. Three more times water floats to her, until her thirst is satisfied.  
"How did you do that?"  
"The water?" The woman nods. "I simply formed a bubble around the water and floated it over here. I'm sure you can do it." 
She focused on the image of a sphere in the stream, a sphere surrounded by energy preventing water in and out. She thinks of the sphere rising out of the stream and floating toward her and is surprised to see it coming to her. It stops inches from her face. Reaching out she pokes it, popping the sphere; sending water falling to the ground.  
The trick was simple. Why had she, or any of her other people – her old people she corrected herself – not thought of the idea before?  Her mind races, as she thinks of different ways to modify the technique, to enhance her fighting, to enhance the ease of her life. They can use such tricks to help the injured or sick without exposing themselves to different illnesses. They can use the technique when building and creating.  
She looks at Kaden; hating him yet also admiring him. She would have never thought of the technique, never been able to do it if she were not human. Perhaps there can be advantages to being human, a different perspective, and a different way to do things.  
Words uttered by a heretic once considered the greatest of their people, who took the side of humans and who spoke of their unique perspective, preaching that they would someday out think the Annunaki, that they would build new technologies, create new abilities that the Annunaki could only dream of. Her eyes widen as she comprehends that he has been right. 
Kaden smiles at her knowing that she is beginning to see, beginning to understand the beauty in new perspective. The only constant in life is change. To not embrace change, is to not embrace life. Kaden shakes his head; he will need to think on that thought some more. It did not quite fit in his mind. Stowing it away in the back of his mind, he searches for Destiny. He is relieved to feel her presence in the back of his mind, a feeling he can tell is reciprocated.  
"What is your name?" 
"Anula, Anula Ren." 
"Anula, I am Kaden, Kaden Hunt." 
Anula looks at Kaden with hate, magnified by her Auburn hair and hazel eyes. "I know who you are, you are the enemy." 
"I'm the enemy of Shamash, and those who blindly follow him putting out life." 
"We have brought salvation to the humans." 
"Shamash has brought death, agony, and destruction here. Humans must be free to choose their own path, a path that will eventually take them farther than the Annunaki." 
"Those words were once spoken by a heretic of my people, a man who used to be the greatest among us." 
"I must apologize I do not remember my past lives. As such I do not remember speaking those words. I do believe in the truth of those words; a truth I believe you are starting to see." 
Anula frowns. Why would he say such words? She thinks it odd; he is almost implying that he was the one to speak those words. Only the heretic has spoken those words. Yet he has gone missing over forty thousand years before. The leaders told her people, that he had left to travel the stars. Most believed their words, as they know that the Traveler belongs to the stars. What if he did not return to the stars? What if instead he chose to become that which he spoke so adamantly about? "Traveler?" She asks her voice no more than a whisper. 
"Yes?"  
She looks up at Kaden surprised, her mind racing. Is he the Traveler? What has really happened? Her people need him, need his leadership again. Since he left, things have grown worse. "Are you the Traveler?" 
"Yes I am. In my past lives, this life, and the future ones I will always be the Traveler." Kaden stands, offering his hand he pulls her up. "While I have made you human, by accident I might add. I will not force you to fight for the humans. Only you can decide as it is your life." 
"What are you saying?" 
"I'm asking that if you chose to return to the Annunaki, to use the gift of new life, of new perspective for Shamash's evil please keep him away from here." 
"I am Annunaki, I am a god." 
"I believe that you see the value in life, the value in a new life. I believe that you see the gift of different perspective, of reasoning. If indeed you value all of this including the small technique I taught you – which I can see has already opened your eyes to a new perspective – I ask that you stay away from here, away from the camp and my friends." 
"What camp?" 
Kaden hits his forehead with his hand. He can sense the camp several dozen miles away because of Destiny. She cannot. "Do not worry on that, if you wish to go back, go back. If you wish to see new things, to get to know about those which you have killed, follow me. Do know however that if you come with me, you will not report to the Annunaki. If you try to follow me to spy on me, I will kill you." 
Kaden pushes past her, heading off into the forest. Anula looks thoughtfully in his direction. She then looks in the opposite direction, sensing the presence of Annunaki coming. Hesitantly bewildered she vacillates back and forth between both directions, unsure of what choice to make. Finally making her decision she darts off.
 
Chapter 39

Kaden stands atop the mountain overlooking the clearing below. He watches as a group of a dozens of Annunaki elites enter the clearing below. He might be able to take them all on if he surprises them, a risk he does not want to take. They quickly spread out, searching the dead bodies. One pulls out a small orb, tossing it into the air, a blue light scans the area. The orb then launches high into the air, when it stops it projects a hologram of the battle. 
Kaden watches, seeing the damage both Eve and Raze accomplished. He is proud of them, they defended themselves well. He had barely been able to escape by way of physically entering the Astral.  
Kaden hears what sounds to be orders. Looking down he sees the Annunaki begin to make their way up the path.  
Kaden sighs as he forms balls of hellfire, each no smaller than three inches in diameter circling around his head. With a motion of his hand outward, a dozen balls race toward the elites. Each ball lands in the chest of each elite, killing all instantly. Their yells of pain reverberate off the nearby cliffs.  
Kaden hangs his head, he hates using hellfire. What it does to one's soul is horrible. He can do far worse with hellfire, he can change its purpose, use it to force a soul’s undying loyalty to him. There is too much he can do with it, the secrets he has stolen from his trip to hell. Very few times when he has used hellfire has someone resisted its touch. No burn mark, no pain, nothing. If one has a high enough guard, prepared for what is coming, his hellfire will have no effect. 
Taking a step down, Kaden sees Anula looking at him in horror. "What is that?" She asks, her voice trembling in fear. 
"A secret of mine," Kaden says his voice flat. 
"You killed them, how did you kill them?" 
"Hellfire," Kaden says, looking into Anula's eyes, eyes that show terror, absolute terror – a look he has seen before, a look caused by her. "There is much more to it than that. I can change it, adapt it, bend it. Once you understand hellfire and a person's soul, there is no limit to what you can do with it." By asking to be tortured he was able to learn the secrets of hellfire. What he told Raze was partially true. Only in hell there is no time, no passage of years.  
After he killed all those innocent people he sent himself there. He was there physically, forcing and enhancing his pain. The creatures there leapt at him, almost devouring him. They wanted to use his body to escape. Only Kaden has a friend there, one of the keepers. The keeper took him, tortured him, and taught him.  
It was all her fault. The allure Analysse had on Kaden was undeniable. He had explicitly loved her or thought so. What she had forced him to do, for her pleasure, was unfathomably horrid. She had him wrapped around her perfect little finger, which was connected to her perfect hand, body, stunning face, and beautiful hair. He was her puppet and she knew it. She used, abused, and destroyed him, until he had been reborn in hell’s fire.
The man he became and is today is partially due to her. Still all the lives she has taken, they were all on her. He has been afraid to face her; afraid of what her voice might do to him. That has been before all of this, before Eve, a woman he cares for more than he ever felt for Analysse. 
"Anula," Kaden says, looking off to the East. She will be at the little fortress he built her long ago. "I need you to do something for me." 
Anula still does not know what to say to Kaden, the power he wields in hellfire alone, he is more dangerous than Shamash. "What is it?" 
"I'm going to face someone, who hurt me. She made me do evil things, very evil things for her pleasure. I need you to come with me, to make sure I walk away." 
Kaden leaps into the air, flying toward Analysse, toward her safe house. Anula follows silently in tow. 
Eve, sitting with her back against a tree, arms wrapped around her legs, staring at the fire, feels empty inside. After she and Raze had arrived at the camp, everyone was asking questions. Raze did the answering, leaving her to sulk. Now everyone sleeps, but her. 
"Eve!" Destiny shouts frantically, appearing miniaturized on Eve's shoulder.  
"Destiny?" Eve asks confused as to how Destiny is there. "How?" 
"You have a device in your eye; it allows you to see me. How it got there is not important, what is, is that Kaden is alive. He's alive and heading into a trap." 
Raze rushes to Eve, hurriedly, Richard following behind him. Eve shoots up, glancing past Raze to Richard. "Ignore him for now." 
"Hey!" Richard shouts. 
"Kaden is in trouble," Raze says. Turning to Richard he is about to say his goodbyes. The man has a stash of bourbon, which he has graciously shared with Raze.  
"I'm coming with you!" Richard shouts, partially drunk. 
"Fine," Raze says. 
The Hope descends, crushing trees. It lands, completely cloaked; a door opens, letting a brilliant white light out. Raze, Eve and Richard disappear into the light.
 
Chapter 40

Kaden and Anula stand on the highest peak overlooking the small valley hidden away. Each mountain peak, including the one they are standing on, is snowcapped. Below, fed by glacial water, a small stream runs into the little valley. Trees and patches of grass make up most of the valley Kaden found. Near the far end of the valley, hidden in the mountains are three structures powered by solar panels and wind turbines and heated by a methane well Kaden produced. Small fields are currently being tended to by others Annalyse has brought here.  
There are two ways into the valley, below or above. Annalyse would have come in through below, while Kaden above. 
Anula rubs her arms trying to warm herself, they have been watching below for hours. She waits patiently for the Heretic to descend, yet he sits and watches, conflicted on when and how to proceed. 
"What are we doing here?" Anula asks, walking next to Kaden.  
"I told you, I'm here to enact justice," Kaden says, his face stone cold. 
"The little you have told me about her, it seems you are responsible for your own actions." 
Kaden turns to Anula. The intensity of his gaze forces her to take a half step backward. "I did what I did for her, because of her." 
"Yet you're the one who did it." 
The noise of a door opening draws Kaden's attention from the valley below, behind him. A round door rolls opened, revealing Raze, Eve, and a man Kaden recognizes from the fight.  
Kaden scowls, he should make his way to his friends, it is what he wants to do. Yet he has become obsessed with the idea of enacting revenge on Analysse. All he could think about during the flight across what was once the United States – a flight that took him and Anula a day to do.
The three steps out of the ship, onto the cold mountain top. A southern wind begins to stir, throwing snow about.  
Kaden looks away from his friends, he feels the call again. She is down below, his revenge and justice waiting for him. 
"Kaden," Analysse's voice whispers to him in the wind. "Come down here." 
Kaden leaps from the mountain, flying fast down below. 
Raze leaps after him, hoping to stop him in time. He cannot face her, not alone.  
Kaden flies faster than Raze who, knowing that he is about to lose Kaden, throws a shield up in front of Kaden hitting it full force. Stunned Kaden begins to plummet to the ground, frantically flailing about, unable to think. All he hears is the call of Analysse. 
Kaden is surprised when he does not impact the ground. He looks up to see Raze lowering him to the ground.  
"I'm sorry about this Kaden," Raze pulls a small needle out, filled with a red liquid. Pressing it into Kaden’s neck, Raze injects Kaden with a drug powerful enough to knock Kaden out. 
The drug takes several seconds for the desired effect. Now with Kaden fully unconscious Raze shoots upward, not noticing the two onlookers who have come to greet Kaden, the most powerful man on the planet, a man who can help their mother. They watch painfully, as the man mother has been calling fly upward. He had almost fallen into their trap, a trap set by their mother. 
Raze gently lands on the peak, Eve waiting for him. Raze hands Kaden off to Eve, turning his attention to the woman who has been with Kaden. "And you are?" 
"My name is Anula." 
"What are you doing here?" 
"It's a complicated story," Anula says, not knowing whether to tell Raze that she was once an Annunaki, that Kaden had healed her and reunited her with her soul in the Astal realm – only as a human. 
"Tell it quickly," Raze says. Looking over his shoulder down below, he sees the people scrambling for one reason or another. He knows they only have minutes; he needs to know if he can trust this woman. 
"Kaden brought me back to life," Anula says. "When his energy touched my soul, my genetics changed to become human." 
"Which is why you now feel the need to protect him," Raze says. He has heard stories before; beings have been created, transformed in a similar manner. It is part of a dark art, outlawed by all the Annunaki. It is a dark art used during the great wars between Enki, Shamash, and Amen-Ra. After the war the creatures that had been created were hunted and killed. Still there were humans with the old DNA of creatures created from dark arts.  
Anula looks up at Raze, surprised he understands what she feels. She herself does not fully understand it yet. All she knows is that she feels a pull to protect Kaden at any cost. 
Raze looks below; he is watching as human hybrids – creatures created by mixing human and animal genetics, their bodies, twisted and deformed, having new abilities and powers – begin to climb the cliff wall up toward them. He has had his speculations on Analysse, speculations which now seem to be true. 
Richard pulls out a small pistol and points it at Raze. Pulling the trigger, a bullet whizzes by Raze, hitting a creature – part human, part eagle – in the head. Richard pulls the trigger three more times, killing three more of the same creatures. 
Raze grabs Anula's hand and pulls her away as another creature lands near her. He throws a psychokinetic blast at the creature, sending it backwards.  
"Where's my Kaden?" asks the wind, picking up strength. Raze feels his skin tingle, alarm and worry shoot through him. "Leave me my Kaden." 
Raze feels a presence in his mind, pushing him toward its will. Looking at Anula and Richard, Raze knows they feel the same presence. "Get in the ship now!" 
Richard runs into the ship, disappearing, Anula follows. Raze takes a look back, he sees the figure of a woman appear at the center of the wind. She laughs maniacally. Raze shudders, trying to shake off the threatening presence. Taking a step inside the ship, he feels her presence dissipate. The door slams shut, the ship begins to fly as far away as possible.  
Everyone on the ship stands in a circle, not speaking, all looking to Raze who feels relieved when Destiny appears to answer their questions.  
"Her name is Analysse," Destiny says, her tone sober. "For fifteen years she controlled Kaden." 
"Controlled?" Eve asks, setting Kaden down gently. 
"Yes. For fifteen years she controlled him, bending him to her will. He did horrible things for her, killing thousands upon thousands, using his powers for her evil. Most of what he did he does not remember, which is for the better." 
"How?" Eve asks. If Analysse has the power to control Kaden, will I lose him to her again? 
"She's a witch," Raze says. He looks to Anula, "A descendant of a witch created by dark arts, similar to what created you." 
"Those creatures were hunted down and killed," Anula protests.  
"Not all it seems," Raze responds. "I'm afraid that there is a possibility of more. If there are, and Shamash gets control of them, or they unite as they have in the past against Shamash, we're in far worse trouble." 
"What are you talking about?" Richard asks, his eyes darting between those talking. 
Raze turns to Richard, “Over fifty thousand years ago there was a war between the three heads of the Annunaki: Shamash, Enki, and Amen-Ra. During that war abominations were created using either genetic manipulation or spiritual manipulation. In some cases, creatures were created using both.” 
“Wait,” Richard says, running his hand through his hair as he thinks. “I’m confused. What were the Annunaki fighting over?” 
“Simple,” Anula answers, annoyed by how much history humanity has forgotten. “Amen-Ra, the greatest Annunaki to ever live fought for humanity. He fought for you to be free, believing that humans have to decide their own fate.” 
“That’s great and all, but it seems that he did not help out that much now did he?” 
“The war lasted thousands of years, Amen-Ra was winning, until Shamash and Enki created creatures using perverted manipulation,” Raze continues. “Still Amen fought, creating creatures himself: Elves, Dwarves, Griffins, Dragons, creatures found in fairytales, creatures that have since left this universe, to find their own homes. For thousands of years the war waged, Earth the center point; with other battles fought out in the stars on other planets. Finally, when the fatalities were too high, a truce was called. It is during this truce, that Amen-Ra was slain and betrayed.” 
Raze pauses, looking away, remembering the day too well. It became a day that would forever haunt him; he had shown true cowardice then, picking the side he thought had the best chance of winning. Not the side that was right. 
“What happened to Amen-Ra?” Richard asks, curious. 
“He became human,” Raze looks towards Kaden. He will not betray him again, no matter the cost. “Over the millennia, he continued his fight, regaining abilities, thinking of new ways to use his limited power.” 
“That still does not explain the creatures we saw back there, which allegedly were wiped out, now does it?” 
“After Amen’s death, the creatures were hunted by his, and Enki’s, followers. Large hunts were formed, spanning the world. After more than a thousand years of hunting, all manipulated and perverted creatures were killed,” Raze answers Richard’s question.
“It appears that those creatures have returned,” Anula says. “The question is, were they created again or have they been in hiding?” 
Destiny appears, walking next to Eve. Raze frowns, why does a holographic AI need to walk? 
“We seem to be at the same point we were weeks ago,” Destiny says, referring back to when they escaped the Jupiter base. “We need to figure out a way for this to stop happening.” 
“I agree,” Eve says, “We cannot continue to knock Kaden out when he is in trouble and not listening to reason.” Eve looks to Kaden, her heart broken knowing what they needed to do. 
“What should I have done? Let Analysse have him?” Raze asks, throwing his hands up in frustration. 
“There are too many variables,” Destiny says, she looks at Kaden, watching him sleep peacefully. “He cannot remember his past beyond this life, what awaits him, what is coming for him, and how to fight it; he knows very little of an enemy he can only sense.” 
“What are you suggesting?” Raze looks at Destiny. 
“I take him away, far away, to another galaxy, if not another universe, just him and myself, no one else. It will give him a fresh start; he won’t be burdened by a past he does not remember.” 
Eve shifts from foot to foot uncomfortably, she and Destiny have spoken at great lengths on the idea. Eve wants to go with Destiny saying it would only be a reminder of what Kaden has left behind. 
“Don’t you think it’s a decision that Kaden should make?” Anula asks, feeling the strong pull to protect him, no matter what the cost, her free will being replaced with intense loyalty and desire to protect and serve Kaden. 
“He won’t be able to make that decision on his own,” Raze answers Anula. “He feels stuck here, out of duty and responsibility. How are you expecting the decision to be made?” 
“A vote,” Richard chimes in. He does not know these people well, let alone Kaden. He can see the look on their faces, they all need Kaden. In his gut, he knows that he will need Kaden as well; a man he has never met, let alone spoken to. He knows the world depends on this man, yet for the sake of the man he has to leave. “It cannot be a vote on what is best for us, it must be a vote on what is best for him.” 
“We will all need time to reflect and think on this,” Destiny says, looking at each in the room. They all know he has to leave, for his survival. Destiny knows he needs to leave for other reasons, to focus on The Stillness. That is his priority. However long Kaden stays here, focusing on small matters such as Analysse and Shamash The Stillness will gain more of a foot hold.  
“I don’t know the man, his history, what he can do, what he means. Therefore, I cannot hold his fate in my hands, I will be the one who collects the votes,” Richard says. He is a man who does not like to make decisions without full knowledge of a situation. Yet he finds himself making decisions, with limited knowledge recently. At times it is more important to be quick and react. 
Everyone nods their agreement before leaving. All feel defeated, hopeless. Sending Kaden away means that Shamash wins, yet keeping him here could mean his death. 

Chapter 41

Kaden stands on his ship with Death, his soul outside of his body. He is not worried about his soul being outside of his body; he can go back at any time. For now, he Astral projects, giving him the ability to communicate with beings in the Astral. It is a simple technique, one that many humans do without realization. 
Eve, picking Kaden’s body up, she begins to take him to his room. He sees her eyes start to form tears; he knows she hates the idea of sending him away. 
Death and Kaden follow Eve, who takes her time carrying Kaden. Finally, she enters his room, where she sets him down on the small bed built into the wall. The room is barren, a small desk with a holographic computer interface opposite the bed. An empty closet is near the door, opposite the door a small window showing the darkness of space. 
Eve pauses at the doorway, looking at Kaden briefly before leaving. 
Kaden turns to Death, his old friend, a friend he did not remember. Still he feels a connection, a pull toward her. A feeling deep in his gut, the same way he feels and knows he is the Traveler. It is embedded in who he is.  
“There’s a solution,” Death says, not liking the solution, but she knows that it will save him and free him. 
“To severe ties with my past,” Kaden responds. He has thought long and hard about it, he fears that if someone truly wants to stop him from doing something they would only need to travel back in his timeline to stop him. While Amen-Ra might be able to stop whoever comes after him, Kaden’s past lives as a human would probably have a different outcome. 
“You are currently bound to this universe,” Death says. “You will be able to travel, but the fate of this universe is tied to you. You need to be separate from it.” 
Kaden tilts his head. “That’s different.” 
“Your past lives, all of them, will be locked, as if they never happened. You will again become an anomaly, existing outside of all.” 
“I’m the Traveler, I’m already an anomaly.” 
“You have been reborn, many times. Because of this rebirth, and your new species, the anomaly that is the Traveler is no more. If we cut you off from your past lives, they will be locked, forever.” 
“I get that, what I do not understand is why you are saying I’m not separated, not distinct to the universes.” 
“To be the Traveler, you must be the only one; no one can be linked to you. Your other lives, they felt and did as you. You must be the only life, the only one, completely distinct and separate from all your past incarnations. This universe will no longer apply to you, when it dies you will still live.” 
“If I understand correctly, because I am literally reborn I am bound by the laws of this universe? To truly be the Traveler, I must be unique, not bound to anyone universe. Does that mean when I was Amen-Ra, I was not bound?” 
“You are correct,” Death says smiling. “As Amen-Ra you were not tied to any universe, free to roam without consequence, not held back by the laws that apply to one born in this universe. Since you were born here, the laws of this universe apply to you, even if you were to travel to another. An enemy from that universe can come here and kill you. Should that happen your soul would be reborn here, to go through the journey all over.” 
Kaden stands bewildered, he is The Traveler. Yet Death is telling him he is not fully, as of yet. He had thought to be The Traveler, he would simply have to travel. The thought that his past lives as The Traveler could be erased, that someone could simply return to this universe, kill him, and erase everything, opened more dangers than he could fathom.  
Yet to cut himself off from his previous lives, knowledge and memories lost is equally as daunting. How many people has he loved in those lives? Has he fathered children? To give it all up, without knowing what it is, he feels as if he is killing himself. 
“How?” Kaden asks, solemnly. 
Death takes a step back, revealing hundreds of versions of him standing in front of him. He is no longer on the ship; instead he floats in the blackness of death. Their memories race through his head. He has been a miner, a father, he has loved, he has killed, he has hated. The emotions of those memories overwhelm him.  
Kaden looks down; a sword is in his hand. Looking up again, he sees Amen-Ra standing before him, his previous lives as a human standing behind Amen-Ra. “Are you bound to this universe?” Kaden asks. 
“I am bound to you,” Amen-Ra answers. “You are bound there, making me bound here. To separate yourself, we must be separated as well. You must know what that means. Not only will those standing before you die, as if they never existed, the same will be true for me.” 
“If I kill you, killing them will undo everything done in this universe? The humans, the Annunaki, will all disappear?” 
“No,” Amen replies. “They will be fragments in the wind, lost for eternity. For you to exist, they must exist yet not exist. They will be locked, as I will be locked. We will have existed, yet not existed at all.” 
“I don’t understand.” 
“What we have done, cannot be undone. We will exist through you, yet not exist at all. You will not remember us, nor shall you ever. You will be separate, a new being. With the creation of a new being, who we are, were, and can be dies, never to be reborn again.” 
Not wanting to overthink his actions, Kaden instinctively takes the sword thrusting it into Amen-Ra’s chest. “We shall know peace, we shall know a home. You shall,” Kaden removes the sword, Amen-Ra along with the others vanish. Kaden screams as he feels himself separate, his soul torn apart from his previous lives, feeling as if he is torn in half.
To Kaden, the process feels as if an eternity passes; Death, however, knows it to only be a second. When it is over, she is there to greet him, The Traveler at last created a new, reborn. 
Kaden looks at Death, the pull of recognition gone. He knows her, still, any feeling of friendship, of companionship emptied. Her friendship will have to be earned.  
Kaden can still feel the need and want to travel. It is still a part of his soul, his identity. The Traveler travels. He looks inwards, trying to observe who he is now. He feels the call to defend humanity, to allow them to live their lives how they choose. This he attributes to the fundamental belief that any sentient being has the right to live how they choose to live.  
The deep hatred he once felt for Shamash no longer exists. He is an obstacle, someone who oppresses others.  
Death takes Kaden by the hand; leading him to his body. Stepping into his body he falls fast asleep.
 
Chapter 42

Richard, standing with the others on the bridge holds three pieces of paper, each in the room has voted to send Kaden away. When he shares the results, their faces drop. He admires that they have chosen to do what is best for Kaden, not what is best for them. Richard knows that when you truly love another, you will do what is best for them. 
“Do I get a say?” Kaden asks, walking in while stretching his arms above his head.
Eve looks at him with excitement, noticing that he seems different. The burden he carried before, the look of duty in his eyes… gone. He seems almost happier, yet distant.  
“I make my own choices; as such I chose to stay.” Kaden preaches, his words carrying finality to his decision. “Destiny target Analysse’s little safe haven.” 
“Why?” Destiny asks, surprised by Kaden’s sudden boldness. 
“She is insignificant and does not deserve my direct attention. Besides why delay the end, and cost more lives?” 
Destiny nods. All on the bridge watch the screen at the center of the ship. Three small missiles race from the ship toward the planet. They watch horrified, as the entire valley is instantly incinerated. 
Kaden turns his gaze from the screen to the others standing on the bridge. “The truth is, you are right,” he says to his stunned friends, each wearing an expression of shock. “This does not have to be my fight. I have chosen it to be my fight.” He has spent his entire life fighting this fight; it is a part of him. While the thoughts of anger and revenge no longer fill him, the fact remains that he has fought for life; he still will fight for life. What greater gift is there? 
Kaden knows that there are other enemies out there. He knows that Kronos is returning and that the other Titans will follow shortly. His feelings of responsibility, toward their threat are nonexistent. If they threaten the very basic right to live one’s life how one wants to, he will stop them, that is the only reason.  
“Destiny please take us back to Richard’s camp, I believe we have some planning to do.” 
Without a word, Kaden turns on his heels walking away, leaving everyone in the room stunned by his change in demeanor; before he appeared to be burdened by a sense of duty in defeating Shamash. Now he is relaxed with no pressure. 
Kaden turns around, a thought entering his head. "The problem with this war, we are not fighting to win. A strategy of, a death by a thousand cuts, is ineffective." 
"It's the best strategy we have," Raze interjects, knowing it is the only plan they have, a plan that can take thousands of years before they finally see results. 
"It is not a plan designed to win. Rather it is one designed to limit what we lose and our exposure," Kaden says. He has always known the strategy was weak. He has also known that he cannot defeat Shamash. "We need a better plan, one that does not have us living in fear." 
"I like this idea!" Richard says. He knows little of the plan that is being discussed, only brief mentions by Eve and Raze. While Kaden, and a few others might live for hundreds of years or more, those on Earth would still suffer. The plan would do little damage to the Annunaki, in his life time. "What do you have in mind? Because any plan that defeats these bastards sooner is okay by me." 
"Humans outnumber the Annunaki by ten thousand to one giving them a huge advantage," Kaden says, making his way back to the group. He needs a plan, a way to be done with Shamash. 
"We cannot organize these numbers," Richard says. He knows that while the Annunaki have been crippled by Kaden and his friends, the world has been thrown into darkness. They can no longer communicate across the world; they have to communicate via radio which has limitations and can be easily detected by the Annunaki. 
"What if you can?" Kaden asks. Destiny, knowing where Kaden’s line of thoughts is going, brings up a holographic cube, no more than two cubic inches in size. Kaden moves behind the image. "This is a satellite, developed by the United States government. It is small enough that it cannot be detected, yet powerful enough that if we get enough of them into orbit, they will take the communication abilities of the world back to before the Annunaki arrived." 
Richard's eyes widened, it is what they need. If they can begin to communicate with other groups, they can begin to organize. If they can organize, they have a real shot at winning the war. He knows that while the Annunaki have destroyed large amounts of military bases and warcraft, there are still weapons, bases, ships, and planes out there. If they can begin to recover those bases, and the technology they will have a fighting chance.  
"It will take time," Richard says, "to get everyone on the same page, to unite everyone." His mind is calculating the possibilities. "That's just across North America; it does not include other areas of the world, other cities, countries, continents to join us." 
"I think you're forgetting one important thing," Raze says, stopping Richard before he gets too excited. "Most of the Annunaki soldiers you've fought so far are scouts. Shamash has more powerful weapons at his disposal, more ways to kill you. Should you start uniting Shamash himself might come down and burn you alive." 
Kaden taps his index finger to his cheek, thinking. Shamash is the problem, the uniting force behind the Annunaki. "Anula, what would happen if Shamash were to die?"  
Anula looks at Kaden, surprised he has asked her. "What do you mean?" 
"What would the Annunaki do if Shamash were to die? Who would take his place?" 
"No one," she replies, pausing to think for a moment. The possibility of Shamash dying has never occurred to her. Even now she finds it improbable. "There is no one who would directly replace him. If he were to vanish it would throw the Annunaki into chaos." 
"Good," Richard says. "Then they can go back to where they came from." 
"No, they won't," Anula replies. "The Annunaki fled here as a last resort. The galaxy is against them, hunting them down." 
"Why have they not hunted them here?" Eve asks, curiously. 
"Earth is part of a five thousand light year boundary," Raze replies, cutting Anula off. "The sentient creatures in this galaxy have agreed to multiple areas throughout the galaxy after the Titan war to be left natural. No one out there would think to look for them here."  
Anula nods her agreement. They have fled here out of persecution, a way to find shelter and be safe. 
"I for one am getting tired of this," Kaden says. They have been planning and planning, with no clear direction. They have abandoned old plans, created new plans, all with no endgame in sight. If they get the communication satellites up, then what? Yes, the people below will need to be able to communicate to organize a strong front. However, Shamash still is the problem, the uniting force. "Shamash is insignificant." 
Everyone looks at Kaden with his last comment. Shamash is the uniting force, behind the occupation on Earth. He is far from pointless in their eyes. 
"What are you talking about?" Raze asks. 
"He's the leader of the Annunaki," Richard says offended. “If Shamash is insignificant, then so too are the people on Earth. He's the force behind this invasion." 
Eve keeps her mouth shut; she has grown to know Kaden very well. His attitude and outlook on life are different. Since he walked onto the bridge he almost appears to be a different man. 
A bright light flashes, when the light fades Alysha and Horus appear on the ship. 
Alysha looks at Kaden, when she sees him, she becomes worried. He is once again wearing the demeanor of The Traveler. His mind racing, his thoughts secretive, opened to the possibilities. He is always thinking of the next adventure. 
"Kaden," Alysha says. "What did you do?" 
"The Traveler has been reborn," Kaden says. Alysha knows who he was in different lives. She sees that, that being is dead, a new one has formed. "A new cycle has begun." Kaden looks to Eve and smiles, while he feels the struggles of this small planet, in a small galaxy, in a random universe are insignificant, Eve is not. He will need to talk to her to find out where her head is. Will she want to travel with him? Does she want to stay on Earth? 
"I'm growing tired of this charade," Kaden says. He begins to pace around the bridge of the ship. "We keep coming up with small plans, small ways that might lead to victory, the satellites being the most recent in a line of useless plans." 
"They were your own idea," Anula points out. 
"Yes, they were," Kaden says, knowing full well that his plans have been worthless since the start. "And they still do not achieve a means to an end." 
"What are you speaking of Kaden?" Horus asks, he for one has thought Kaden's plans would provide future victory. 
Alysha begins to see it, a nervous tick, a want to end what he is doing, and be on to the next adventure. She also sees something different, seeing reserved boredom in Kaden's step. She sees the way he looks at Eve. She knows that he is worried he’s disappointing her by wanting to leave. 
Kaden bursts into a multitude of different colored flames. Everyone in the room takes a step back, in horrid surprise. While their bodies feel no heat, their souls feel it. Kaden quickly extinguishes the flames that engulf him. He has only let a small amount out; in truth he can control much more. 
"Hellfire," Raze says. Everyone looks at Raze, confused. "Kaden is proposing to use Hellfire to kill Shamash." 
"No," Kaden says. "I'm going to lock the Astral." 
Everyone looks at Kaden as if he has lost his mind. If he truly has it would explain his sudden change in demeanor.  
"First it’s not possible,” Alysha says. "Second, why?" 
"The Astral should not be open," Kaden says. He himself is coming to that realization, while yes when a body dies it will move on to the next life in the spiritual realm. The Astral is completely different; it is a hybrid of the physical and the spiritual. "It is an abomination that should not exist. It's purgatory, literally." 
"Kaden what you're saying makes no sense," Anula points out. The Astral allows for many things, greater knowledge, power, abilities. The Annunaki, have long ago learnt to use the Astral to store their power, and knowledge. As the thoughts play out in her mind, Anula realizes suddenly why Kaden wants to lock it out. "If you stop it, Shamash's power becomes limited." 
Kaden smiles at Anula, "A lot of his abilities and knowledge are based off the Astral, where ours are based off this plane of existence." Kaden motions with his hands to those in the bridge save Horus. "The Astral is not truly a dimensional level, but rather a hybrid level." 
"That's great Kaden," Alysha says. "How do you plan to shut it off?" 
Kaden smiles, the rest of the room grows dark and cold allowing the others breathe to be seen. Soon all hear the calling of Death. With each passing moment, the call to rest grows louder more alluring. Everyone looks about frantically for the source of Death’s call, anxiously. The melody slowly fades, causing everyone to relax until they see Death standing next to Kaden.  
"I plan to introduce Death to the Astral," Kaden says, before he and Death disappear. 
The temperature in the room immediately returns to normal. Everyone looks to one another confused, and worried.  
Alysha moves to a worried Eve. Taking her hand, Alysha looks Eve in the eye, "Get used to this, he will do it often." 
"He is not the same man he was when you were with him," Eve says, with distaste and disdain for Alysha. 
"No but he is still the Traveler." 
"A new Traveler." 
 
Chapter 43

Death looks around the Astral with disgust. It would make her skin crawl, if she had skin. There is life and death, but this is different. It is in between.  
"This is an abomination," Death says. 
"Can you bring it into your realm?" 
"Yes," Death says. She begins to suck all into her. Creatures begin to grow close to them. They scream in terror as they are forced to leave, to fully die. "This place should have never been created." 
"Do you know who created it?" 
"No." Death looks at Kaden worried, recognizing beings hidden behind the Astral, in its deepest parts. She stops drawing everything toward her. "I know why." 
"Why?" 
"It is a prison. There are beings here that have been trapped for a very, long time, beings that will be freed upon not only this universe, but other universes as well." 
"Do they serve The Stillness?" 
Death nods, recognizing the taint of order, of stagnation. "They are his minions, and they know you are here." 
Kaden looks about worried; knowing he is not prepared to fight The Stillness. 
"They cannot harm you, not here. They know who you are, what you are. They also know a new cycle has begun." 
"What does that mean?" 
"If I let them out, they will make it their goal to torment humans." 
"Why?" 
"It is the race you have chosen for this new cycle. They serve The Stillness, and The Stillness seeks, among other goals, to torment you. You are human, have chosen to be human, as such humans and human like creatures will be burdened with the hopes of forcing you to surrender to The Stillness." 
Kaden thinks for several timeless moments. To release these creatures, would be to release plagues across an untold number of galaxies that will harm humanity. Yet to traveling the multiverse, he has to defeat Shamash, to do so he is sure the Astral has to be closed. The Annunaki have learned how to use it as a cheat, to store their energy, their knowledge, their abilities.  
"How long will it take them to manifest?" 
"I do not know." 
"Continue." 
Death nods. Again, the Astral begins to rush into her, as if she were a black hole. Kaden can feel those hidden, locked away in this prison. One by one he feels them escape, some into the current universe he occupies, untold numbers escaping into different universes, universes he will now have to explore to hunt them down, to stop whatever it is they will do. 
Death looks to Kaden; he knows what he must do. He vanishes forever leaving the Astral. 

Chapter 44

It's Eve's turn to wait on the bridge for Kaden to reappear. With each passing day, the little group that followed Kaden grows increasingly nervous. Day after day, they take shifts waiting for Kaden to return. Day after day they are disappointed.  
According to both Raze and Destiny Kaden will have to reappear from where he left. Eve points out a problem with their logic, if the ship and/or the galaxy are in constant motion how will he be able to reappear? The entire universe is moving, yet no one realizes it.  
What happens if he does return to the exact spot he left? According to her calculations, he will appear in the middle of space. It worries her, to the point where her expression and posture reflect her inner worry. 
"Worrying will do you no good," Destiny says, randomly appearing next to Eve. Destiny's constant sudden appearance and vanishment has taken Eve some getting used to. Now she expects it. 
"What should I do? It's not like I can do anything else to keep myself occupied." 
"What has Kaden done to deserve such loyalty from you, such fierce devotion?”
The question surprises Eve, she has thought on the very question scarcely. Why did she care for Kaden? "I honestly do not know." 
"That's what worries me Eve. Both you and Kaden are drawn to each other, no one will deny it." 
"Yet, there is no reason to be drawn to each other. No courtship, no dating, just risk after risk," Eve responds 
"Does he know your childhood stories? Has he asked what it is like to grow up in space?" 
Eve shakes her head in response. Whenever she has thought of the strangeness of her bond with Kaden, her mind quickly thinks of other things. 
"Has he told you about his past?" 
Eve again shakes her head. With each question Destiny asks, each answer that is unable to be given, Eve begins to focus on the strangeness of her and Kaden's predicament, if she can call it a predicament.  
“In truth I know nothing of his past.” 
“That is a problem,” Destiny says. She has her growing concerns about the potential relationship that is brewing between Eve and Kaden. They appear to be in love, yet they do not know each other. "Do you believe in love at first sight?" 
Eve shifts nervously, holding her elbow. The notion of love at first sight is nothing new to her. Many claimed that they loved someone when they first met them, yet that love quickly faded. There were many men on Jupiter Station Eve thought she loved when she was younger. What she came to realize as she grew older was that it was infatuation.  
"I want to say I that I do love him," Eve speaks hesitantly, trying to pick the words for both herself and Destiny. "I truly feel that I do, I truly have feelings for him. However, those feeling are off, as if there is a stain on them." 
"They are artificial." 
Eve perks up with that word as it rings true for her. "I would say synthetic, not artificial." 
"They mean the same. How long have you been feeling like this?" 
"I've known Kaden is attractive since I met him," Eve says, taking her time to ponder the answer. The past weeks have resulted in an unprecedented amount of change. Her home is gone, she finds herself living with two men she knows only through rumor and reputation. Now she is fighting a war that is not her war. "Yet the moment these feelings happened was back when we met the Chronicler. Since then all I have been able to think about is Kaden." 
"You need to find out who you are, now that your life has changed." Destiny has tried many times to talk to Kaden about the situation with him and Eve. It is not natural, does not seem natural. Destiny has had a growing suspicion that something foul is at play between Kaden and Eve. 
"You think I should leave during all of this?" Eve asks appalled by the suggestion. With everything going on, now is not the time to leave. "We are at a crucial point in Kaden's war." 
"Right there Eve," Destiny says, her tone that of a mother scolding a child. "This is Kaden's war, not yours." 
Eve looks at Destiny stunned. It is Kaden's war; she never wanted anything to do with the war. Shamash and the Annunaki have never done anything to her people. Why is she fighting? "By that logic it is not your war either." 
"I am part of Kaden, as he is part of me." 
Eve shoots Destiny a questioning glance.  
"I understand it is confusing. Just know this, my entire purpose is Kaden." 
"What about Raze, Anula, Richard?" Eve tries to grasp at anything to attach herself to Kaden. Her very being feels conflicted. She yearns to be with Kaden, to make what is his hers. Yet, Destiny begins to shed light on those feelings. The more Eve thinks on them, the more she realizes that they aren't true.  
"Raze and Richard have chosen to fight for their lives, and the lives of those they love. Anula, unfortunately, is an accidental creation of Kaden's. She is bound to him; her entire purpose is his." 
"Similar to yours?" 
"That is another topic, for perhaps another time," Destiny says. She makes a mental note to reexamine the issue. Anula is a slave to Kaden, bound to his will. While Destiny serves Kaden, she herself can act against his will. Still, what Eve has said holds truth. 
"What should I do?" 
"What do you want to do?" 
"Explore," Eve says. Ultimately, she has hoped to explore the stars with Kaden. She is beginning to feel that the “with Kaden” part is being forced on her somehow. "I should leave, shouldn't I?" 
Destiny nods, Eve is a growing distraction. With all Kaden has to deal with, he does not need this distraction. "There's a small ship in the hanger, it only has a twenty light year radius. I think it will be sufficient." 
Eve nods solemnly. With her mind conflicted, she turns around and leaves, passing by Raze and Anula as they enter. Raze quizzically pauses to watch a defeated Eve pass.  
"What's that about?" Raze asks, gesturing behind him. 
"She's come to a realization," Destiny says.  
"Kaden's done it," Raze returns his attention to the reason he and Anula have come to the bridge. "The Astral is gone. Our connection with it, as humans is not nearly as strong as the Annunaki. The effects we feel are minimal, if we feel them at all." 
"Meaning," Anula interrupts Raze. "We don't feel much different. I imagine by now that the Annunaki are panicking."  
Destiny turns sharply. "If it's gone, where is Kaden?" 
"That's why we came, hoping that you would be able to sense him." Raze says
Destiny half smiles to herself as she feels the small ship, with Eve on board, leave.  
"What are you smiling about?" Raze asks. 
"Eve is gone." 
"What?" Raze shouts. "Why is she gone, what did you do? Where is she going? When will she be back?" 
Destiny holds up her holographic hand to stop Raze, "Those are questions Eve will have to answer if and when she gets back." 
"It's odd," Anula adds, "that one with such devotion to Kaden would leave suddenly." 
"Anula," Destiny has a suspicion, one she hopes the newest member of their little team can answer. "The Chronicler, what do you know about her?" 
Anula's face becomes ghostly white at the mention of the witch’s name. With a shaky voice she asks, "Why do you bring up her name?" 
The fear and quivering in Anula's voice makes Raze curious. "We met her, when we blew up Shamash's ODW. She's the one who gave us the bomb to do it." 
Anula looks at Raze, her eyes wide with terror. "You freed perhaps the most dangerous Annunaki to live, the last remaining Titan, the wife of Kronos, Shamash's mother." 
A blinding white light flashes, quickly fading. Kaden stands in the exact spot where he had left. He looks around the bridge, expecting happy faces. Instead he sees looks of shock and terror. "What's going on?" 
In three quick, anger fueled strides. "What have you done?" Anula asks, screaming with fury.  
"I told you, I destroyed the Astral," Kaden says. Not wanting to let the others know about the beings he set free.  
"Kaden," Raze says, pulling Anula back to give Kaden room. "The Chronicler she is a Titan, the mother of Shamash." 
"She's a witch," Anula says. "I'm surprised that you managed to escape from her." 
"A witch?" Destiny asks. "How so?" 
"A literal witch, the mother of all witches. She can place a spell, on any but Amen-Ra, Enki, and Shamash. Rumor has it that she is the one responsible for the cruelty of Kronos and the other Titans. She is the one responsible for the Titan war that ended over six hundred thousand years ago." 
Kaden stares blankly at her. Whatever he has been in the past, whoever he has been, he is no more. He is a new creation, a new Traveler. 
"You need to contact Shamash immediately," Anula says hysterically.  
"Why?" Kaden asks. "I'm here to kill him, to end this war." 
Anula moves to a nearby console. With great urgency she activates it. Within moments the view screen shows Shamash in his private room.   
"Who is this?" Shamash asks. He smiles when he sees Kaden. "Kaden, have you called to give up?" 
"Shamash," Anula interrupts. "I'm Anula De'Ver. Made human and bounded to Kaden Hunt. My loyalty is to him. He may not know it, but he has unleashed an evil that you have kept locked. An evil you thought destroyed with the loss of your super weapon." 
Shamash looks at Anula with intrigue. "What are you talking about?" 
"Your mother has been freed by Kaden." 
"What?" Shamash shouts with such ferocity that decorations on his wall crash to the floor.  
Kaden steps forward pushing Anula aside, "She helped me to put an end to the obliteration of my people." 
"We need to meet Kaden," Shamash says his rage quickly replaced with fear. 
"Why would I meet with you?" 
"I will order all Annunaki to leave this solar system giving it back to the humans," Shamash says. He pulls out a small purple orb, once he activates it, he begins to speak. "My fellow Annunaki, I have come to an agreement. This planet belongs to the humans, we are to immediately leave, we will find a new home." Shamash turns the device off, he looks at Kaden. "Please we must meet." 
"You think the damage you have done can be replaced by a simple order for you to leave?" Kaden says furious. "The lives you have taken and the cruelty on the people." 
"Kaden please," Shamash squeaks in a whisper. "I will surrender my life to counter the lost lives. All I ask is that you meet with me. Just the two of us, I promise no more." 
"You feel it don’t you?" Kaden asks, smugly. "You feel the Astral gone, with it your power as well." 
"Kaden, please."  
"Fine, take a single ship to these coordinates." With one hand Kaden enters the coordinates into the console and sends them to Shamash. "Once we are satisfied that you are alone, then we will talk." 

Chapter 45

"You walk a very fine line," Raze says to Kaden. Floating out in front of their ship is a small shuttle. Everyone has been gathered on the bridge for hours surprised to see Shamash waiting for them, alone.  
"It is my line to walk," Kaden says, keeping his eyes on the view screen. He is surprised that Shamash actually came. The fact that the small ship is there, keeps Kaden's mind off the sudden departure of Eve. 
"Now is not a time for philosophy," Anula says. "Do I have to remind you that, you stupidly helped a Titan escape, the last Titan? She has been in prison for thousands of years, she will want revenge." 
"She will not get that revenge if Shamash is dead," Kaden says. Shamash is going to die. The question plaguing Kaden’s mind is whether he should hear him out.  
"She will not just want revenge on Shamash Kaden," Anula says, chastising Kaden. She does not know how he cannot see the danger in the Chronicler being set free. "She will seek to destroy the entire galaxy. Slowly, enjoying herself." 
"Why? What does she gain from destroying everything?" Richard asks, beginning to feel smaller and smaller, the more he realizes the size of the galaxy.  
"Her pleasure and enjoyment," Kaden says. A being as old as Chronicler is bound to go mad. She would have seen and been through more than anyone standing on the bridge, save for Kaden. "Beam him in."  
Destiny nods. The group turns around forming a half circle, with Kaden at the center. All save Kaden shift nervously, their weapons drawn. Kaden smiles at that, they do not see the bigger picture. Kaden instead stands straight, his arms behind his back. He does not even know if he can see the bigger picture. All he knows is that what they value is insignificant in comparison to whatever the bigger picture is.  
A white light quickly flashes. Shamash stands at the center of the group towering above all. He holds himself royally, his red and black battle armor elaborates his olive skin and jet black hair. Shamash glares at Kaden with piercing amber eyes with his hand on the hilt of his sword. 
"Well you are here?" Kaden says, gesturing to his ship. "I'm quite surprised myself, given your power is gone." 
"I do not know what you are talking about," Shamash says smirking, his voice gentle and calm. He no longer seems afraid and desperate as he was. 
"The Astral is gone, with it much of your abilities," Kaden says, feigning boredom.  
"I still hold more power than you do Kaden Hunt," Shamash says, mocking Kaden. 
"Will you both stop with who is manlier, and get to what brought you here?" Destiny asks.  
For the first time, Shamash looks at Destiny generally surprised to see her. The visible surprise passes quickly, "You have freed my mother, the last Titan. She will seek to free the others and bring this galaxy to its knees." 
"I've been told that," Kaden says, examining his nails. What does it matter to me?"
"She will seek to stop her imprisonment before it happened. She will travel back in time to stop you as Amen-Ra, myself, and Enki from defeating the Titans. You as you are now will not exist, the humans will not have been created, and what has happened here will never take place." 
Kaden laughs, causing all to look at him as if he has lost his mind. "It has no effect on me. 
Shamash looks at Kaden, his eyes widened when he realizes what he has done. "You've started a new cycle." 
"Yes, and those events she will seek to undue, did not happen." 
"This will only enrage her more," Shamash says. 
“It’s of no consequence to me,” Kaden says while he turns around. With his back turned to Shamash he begins to interact with a nearby console. 
Shamash attacks Kaden; it takes Kaden all but seconds to register Shamash has moved. With one of his hands he grabs Kaden’s shoulder, spinning him around. Instinctively Kaden places his hand on Shamash’s stomach, with a large psychokinetic push Shamash flies backwards into the hallway.  
Before Shamash can push himself up with the unexpected powerful push of Kaden, power he did not know Kaden controlled, Kaden is on top of Shamash, blades of hellfire gripped in each hand. Shamash’s eyes widen with fear, no one can control hellfire.  
“How are you…” Shamash stutters. 
“Controlling hellfire? I went there personally, made friends, and stole the secrets of hell.” 
Shamash finds himself at a loss for words. “That power belongs to the Titans,” Shamash says, his mind unable to focus. 
“You promised me your life if I listened,” Kaden says, he wants blood, he will have it. “I have listened, now it’s time for your life.” 
On instinct Shamash uses what little remaining power he has to throw Kaden backwards, a throw resulting in Kaden only flying several feet. Shamash strains to get himself up, his body beginning to age faster with each use of his remaining power.  
“Are you enjoying the destruction of the Astral?” Kaden says, taunting Shamash.  
Beads of sweat are dribbling down his face as his hair is beginning to turn gray. “That was you?” 
“I had a hand in it; in truth it was Death herself that destroyed the abomination.”  
Kaden throws one of the hellfire knifes at Shamash, impaling him in the arm. Shamash does not scream while the knife sinks into his arm. Instead he looks at Kaden definitely; not wanting to give Kaden any victory. 
Kaden creates and throws three more knives at Shamash, each hitting their target, each sliding into Shamash. After the fourth blade Shamash falls to his hands and knees. He looks at Kaden, his life force draining. “Chronicler will set Kronos free; she’ll set the rest free. They will burn this universe.” 
“Why do you care?” Kaden yells his voice full of rage. 
“My people Kaden,” Shamash says. “Everything I’ve done has been for my people. Should the Titans be set free, they will kill them.” Shamash forces himself up, staggering as he does. With pained effort, he reaches down on his belt pulling a small square device out. He offers it up to Kaden. “Take it, it is what you need. Just save my people, please I beg you.” 
Destiny appears next to Kaden, “Do you know what that is?”  
Kaden only looks at the device and Shamash with hate and distain. He wants more of a fight; he wants to lord over Shamash. Instead Shamash stands there, pathetically begging. Kaden walks over to Shamash, quickly snatching the device up. 
His suit immediately envelopes the device, merging and adapting its technology to fit the suit. Blue lines race through Kaden’s skin, his eyes beginning to glow.   
Cynically laughing at Shamash, “You asked me, no pleaded with me, to save your people. Yet you give me what will allow me to leave, never to return.” 
“I did it as a gesture of good will Kaden.” Shamash feels the hellfire spreading through his soul, easily devouring what energy he has left, causing him to fall to a knee, his head bowed. “Please Kaden, if not for my people, then for the humans.” 
“Destiny are you recording this?” Kaden asks. 
“Yes,” is her only response.  
“Shamash, I want you to order all of your people off Earth immediately, back out of the safe zone. I want you to do it live, give the order. This time I want you to actually give the order, not a charade.” 
“If my people leave the safe zone, weakened as they are, they shall die.” 
“Do it!” Kaden yells as three spheres of hellfire quickly form around Shamash. They flew into him; causing pain unlike any Shamash has felt. “Do it now or I will prolong your life Shamash, you will feel what hell feels like!” 
Shamash finds he cannot speak, only yell. The pain in him, the pain of his soul burning is becoming too much. If he gives into Kaden, orders his people to leave, they will be hunted and die. Out in a galaxy wanting to destroy his people, he has to protect them.  
Kaden is surprised when Shamash looks at him mockingly. Kaden forms dozens of hellfire orbs, ready to finish Shamash once and for all. The war will be over, humanity free to make their own choices.  
“I will not order my people to their deaths,” Shamash says. With the last word, he releases every remaining store of energy he has, incinerating himself, leaving a scorch mark on the floor. 
Kaden slowly lets the hellfire vanish; he has been robbed of his justice. Humanity deserves better. “Coward!” Kaden shouts, tears bursting down his eyes. He wanted revenge, wanted justice for humanity. The suffering he, along with the rest of humanity, ended in that one moment.  
Kaden begins walking down the corridor, his shoulders slumped. Before he vanishes into a side corridor, he turns to the others, his gaze full of self-pity. “I want you all off my ship!” 
“Kaden there are still Annunaki down on the planet,” Raze points out. 
“Who as you just saw, are weak.” Kaden vanishes, leaving the others at a loss for words.
 
Chapter 46

As the month’s roll by Raze, Richard and Anula enact Kaden’s plan. Before leaving, Destiny had given them the information they need to steal the small cube satellites. Breaking into the facility turned out to be easier than they had expected, no one was guarding it.  
Not only did they liberate the satellites, but several fighter ships as well, ships that can launch themselves into space.  
It took the trio sometime to find those who could program the satellites, but when they did, everything started moving quickly. Within weeks all one thousand are programmed and sent into space. More satellites will be needed to fully restore the planet to how it had been. For now, they have an advantage, a way to communicate. 
With each passing day, Raze, Richard, and Anula grow their resistance. They bring more and more people to their base of operation. As they grow, so too do their abilities. More operational bases form. Some devoted to refugees, farms, technology advancement, but most to military.  
More satellites are launched into space. Cell towers are reactivated; entire warehouses housing servers are restored. Military bases, and vehicles are found and put into commission. The remaining militaries of the world unite under Raze. For now, he has become the interim president of the world, promising to allow for elections once they regain to a point where life will begin to normalize. 
In the early days Alysha and Horus had offered to help, an offer Raze graciously refused. All Annunaki were seen by humans as evil. For now, they have to rely on themselves. It has made the early going harder; the ability to have more ships would have made fighting the Annunaki on the planet easier, yet it would have caused the planet to be divided. Earth and humanity can no longer be divided; they need to face their problems together. 
Eventually as more communication is restored, and with the Annunaki thrown into chaos with no leader, Raze moves quickly taking advantage of their disorder, allowing him to restore top secret government files, revealing locations of advance military bases, and technology. With these bases Raze begins launching missiles at groups of Annunaki, further scattering them. 
When he is sure he will not lose, and their reach now global, Raze launches an offensive that not only drives the Annunaki away, it brings the unexpected return of alien ships. Soon an interstellar fleet is formed, giving the humans a chance to hunt down the Annunaki. The first few ships have been of Annunaki build, eventually after several months the first interstellar human ship is constructed and ready for flight.  
The Annunaki upon learning that the humans have spaceflight capability flee the solar system, leaving to unknown parts of the galaxy. With the fighting behind them, Raze forms a global senate, one which unanimously elects him president.  
During the first few months of the senate many want to chase after the Annunaki in the vastness of space. Raze was barely able to tilt the vote against such action. Arguing that humanity has just pulled itself from its own ashes, they need time to recover. He promises that eventually they will begin to explore the cosmos, but not until a point where they are whole. 
Not all the world is united under him, and his new government. There are still pockets of resistance found around the world, the Middle East, Asia, and South America. These groups are fighting the idea of a centralized government. 
Raze leaves them alone, after all everyone has a right to choose how to live, what to believe. He made the announcement on the first live broadcast in over a year. Those who reject the new government, who choose to not adhere to the rules voted on by the majority, will not receive any help, will not be able to use any technology, satellites, cell towers, or medicine that the new government owns and operates. If the pockets of rebellion try to attack or harm anyone or any land, it will be considered an act of war. 
Late one night after the senate meetings regarding the new judicial branch Raze finds himself staring up at the stars, Anula and Richard walk in, as is their custom each night. “I wonder if he’s looking down at us right now,” Raze says. 
Both Richard and Anula pour themselves a drink of scotch, a drink both favors. Turning around he sees the two try to hide their flirting. He smiles as he looks back up into space.  
Richard walks onto the balcony with Anula by his side. “I’m sure he is.” 
“He is. I can feel him out there somewhere.” 
“The question is where?” 

Chapter 47

Nearly a year has gone by since Eve left Kaden. She has at last returned to Earth, exploring, living a simple life, taking the time she needs to reflect on her feelings, on finding who she is. Often, she finds herself missing Kaden, longing to be with him. Still the longer she spends away from him, the more she realizes those feelings are not hers. After several months she realizes they have been placed inside her by an external force inside of her.  
Kaden is still a great man, an attractive man. He is also unstable, constantly changing his mind, his demeanor, his plans. He does not finish what he starts. Eventually Eve wants to settle down and raise a family. How can she raise a family with a man who never sits still; with a man who for all she knows will not die? 
When Eve finally brings herself to the difficult realization that her feelings for Kaden are false, she sees the purpose behind them, a test. The old feelings are gone, new ones emerge. They are beyond feelings; they are a sense of purpose and duty, a calling, a calling that grows each day she ignores it, one she eventually follows once the new world government is formed. She knows she wants no part in their world, for she does not belong to it. Raze has been her friend, yet Eve knows that her old life is gone. A new one is about to start. 
It takes her a week to arrive to where she is being pulled, a small moon orbiting a gas giant, with a red dwarf for a star in a nearby solar system. Her initial scans of the moon reveal that it is cold and dark. Yet there is life on the moon, in the liquid water, the atmosphere breathable for humans. Eve postulates that at one point the moon could have once been teeming with life. Now it is dying, slowly cooling to the harsh frozenness of space. 
With a deep breath, and heavy clothes on, Eve walks out of her ship down the ramp not sure what or who she will find. The wind howls, whipping her hair in every direction, the heavy snow cutting her visibility. She feels a hand grab her, a hand she has seen before, the hand of Chronicler. 
“It's way too cold out here Eve come in,” Chronicler says. She leads Eve to a nearby dome dwelling, which surprises Eve since she scanned the planet numerous times and found no standing structures.  
Eve rubs her eyes, thinking she is hallucinating when she sees a simplistic quaint old cottage in the middle of the dome. The cottage is surrounded by grass and trees with a stream running through the middle of the field and a waterfall pouring into a pond. Smoke rises out of a chimney as the smell of flowers fills her lungs. Eve has stepped from the harshest of winters into the beauty of spring. 
Eve lets Chronicler continue to lead her to the cottage. She looks up in awe; the dome does not appear to be a dome. Rather it shows stars and a moon.  
"It will show a sun, when it is day time," Chronicler says.  
Chronicler pulls Eve inside the cabin. A fire roars producing enough heat that Eve immediately takes her winter clothes off. Chronicler takes the clothes, placing them on a coat rack near the door.  
Eve sits on a chair near the fire, still amazed at all she is seeing. Chronicler brings her a cup of hot tea. Eve takes several sips before placing it on a small table. 
"What do you think of my humble home?" Chronicler smiles at Eve. 
"I would say it is more than humble," Eve blurts out. She feels as if she can trust the woman, she is safe. 
"Tell me how is Kaden?" 
"I do not know. I have not seen him in a long time." 
"Odd, I thought you two made a great couple." 
"You put those feelings in me, back on the ship," Eve states. 
Chronicler smiles at Eve, "I tried to give Kaden a gift, you as well, a gift before we took everything he loves away from him for what he did to us." 
Eve looks at Chronicler confused, "My husband Eve, he took my husband and my family from me in a past life, a life that I can no longer visit, a life blocked from me." 
"What is it you intend to do to me?" 
"Eve," Chronicler says lovingly, "why would I harm you? After all you are one of my greatest creations. No, you will help me bring justice to the evil that is the Traveler." 
"Kaden is not evil," Eve rebuts, shocked by the statement. 
"Think on it Eve. Because of his actions, billions have died in his current incarnation, from a war no one asked him to fight. Tell me, do you know what he has done?" 
Eve shakes her head. Chronicler smiles, as she recounts what Amen-Ra has done as the last true incarnation of the Traveler, an incarnation now destroyed, killed as if he never existed. She tells Eve, of how he would destroy entire planets out of revenge, recounted as he once took away a planet's atmosphere, killing all the innocents below. 
Amen-Ra has been revered, loved, stories of his mercy and greatness told throughout her people. Yet now Eve knows the truth. Kaden is exactly like her changing without a moment's notice. He will do what he wants, when he wants, no matter the consequence. The cycle of the Traveler must be stopped, no matter what the cost. 
"I will help you," Eve tells Chronicler, her eyes full of hate. 
"Let me welcome you Eve," Chronicler says, delightfully. "To the order of The Stillness. We are a group spread throughout the universes, dedicated to serve the one who stands to stop the monster that is the Traveler. The Stillness. We must now prepare for Kronos and the other Titans to return." 

Chapter 48

Kaden lay with his back against a mossy rock, the sun keeping him warm, the sound of the waves gently crashing against the sandy shore. He keeps his eyes closed, able to see all that is around him thanks to Destiny.  
He has spent his time watching from the shadows as Raze leads humanity into their future, a future they will get to decide, rather than someone else making the decision. Out of their ashes, they are rising higher and faster than he could have hoped for. 
After Shamash's death, Kaden had gone mad, lost in grief and pity, his life as he knew it over. What was he to do with his life, now that his entire purpose was fulfilled? Whatever he wanted to do, and so he retired to his last hidden escape on Earth, a place that brought him peace, calmed his mind. 
"Kaden," Destiny says. She appears over him, her hair short and curly.  
Kaden shifts his head toward her, keeping his eyes shut, "What Destiny? The sun is perfect right now." 
"Don't you want to, you know, do something?" She is beginning to grow restless, there is much to explore, much to learn. "We can now travel through the universes. Shouldn't we get started?" 
Annoyed Kaden opens his eyes. "Destiny I told you what I set free. We know what is out there, what is coming for us. Why not enjoy the simplicity of life? Relax and enjoy the moment." 
Kaden closes his eyes only briefly. He shoots himself up in alarm, as he feels the presence of someone on his island approaching. He whips around to see a tall slender woman with short Auburn hair, cat like Hazel eyes, and high cheekbones. She is wearing black leather pants and what Kaden thinks to be a leather crop top. She has a short round sword attached to her waist. The wind blows her hair back revealing pointed ears. 
"I've never seen a species like hers before," Destiny whispers to Kaden. 
"She's an Elf," Kaden whispers back in astonishment.  
The woman walks confidently until she stands four feet in front of Kaden. She shifts her weight to one side, placing her hands on her hips. She looks at Kaden, "You're the Traveler?" 
"Yes," Kaden’s voice cracks. Coughing he clears his throat. "Yes, I'm Kaden Hunt. Who are you, and why are you here?" 
"My name's Aria. I'm here to help." 
"Help with what?" Destiny asks, scanning the woman. Destiny finds herself impressed by the woman's advanced nervous system. Destiny estimates that the woman naturally has the equivalent of ten combined athletic males. She would give even Kaden a run for his money. 
"With your war." 
"What war?" Kaden asks. 
"You've been gone from the multiverse for a long time. I barely managed to get to you, through a portal in my universe, from my home, a portal that is now closed. There is a war, one you know nothing about." 
"You mean the creatures I set free?" 
Aria looks surprised for less than a second. "So you do know. Good, I suggest we get moving." 
"To where?" 
"To wherever, it's time for you to be the Traveler, to travel." 
Kaden lets out a small sigh. He reaches into his mind, sending energy into the device that allows him to travel to different universes. A portal appears several yards in front of them. "I don't know where this will take us. I haven't used it yet, there's no coordinate system." 
"So, it will be fun then?"  
Kaden sighs. He admits to himself Aria is quickly growing on him.  
Kaden, Destiny, and Aria step into the portal, vanishing. Once through the portal disappears.
  
Chapter 49

Kronos takes a deep breath as he steps out of the mountain onto his old home planet of Nibiru, Chronicler and another waiting for him. He is delighted to see his wife; many thought she controlled him through magic. But they are equals in everything. He looks at the other woman, smaller, yet powerful. He recognizes Chroniclers touch in her. 
"It is good to be back," Kronos says, his voice booming, his gold skin reflecting the red sun in the sky, and golden hair down to his shoulders. Eve blinks in surprise, his eyes too are gold. The only part of him that is not gold is his simple black clothes he wears. What amazes her most of all, his height. He stands nearly twenty feet Eve guesses. 
"I'm afraid that The Traveler has left already," Chronicler says, rather annoyed. 
"We'll just have to bring him back then. First, we'll need to bring back our family," Kronos says. "I'm the first to come back, let's make sure I'm not the last." 
He looks at the portal embedded in the side of the mountain. The trick to bringing his family back will be to find each of their portals. “I don’t suppose you know where they are, do you?” 
Chronicler looks at Eve, smiling wickedly. “I don’t, but I do know who does. I’m afraid it will involve a bit of blood magic as the humans like to call it.” 
“Humans?” Kronos asks, scowling. 
“A species created by our children, with their own DNA, a species that has defeated our children, sending them into hiding.” 
“Well then, I believe it is time we redeem our children.” 
“No, I think we must embrace the new, or die like the old.” 
Chronicler pulls out a knife, taking Eve’s hand, she cuts her palm. Eve tries to pull back, but finds she is unable to. Chronicler brings Eve’s hand to her mouth and drinks the blood. When she is finished Eve watches in amazement, as Chronicler transforms from an old Annunaki, to a young gorgeous human woman. Kronos laughs, lifting Eve up he too drinks from her hand. Once Eve is set down, he too transforms. 
He looks at his smaller body, lean and muscular, “It will take getting used to, but I do like this new look.”

