Good vs Right
Copyright 2019 Albert Oon
Published by Albert Oon at Smashwords
Smashwords Edition License Notes: This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Contents
Story 1 – Soldier’s Orders
Story 2 – Rescuer or Executioner
Story 3 – God’s Will Over Mine
Story 4 – Rulers and Rule Enforcers
Story 5 – Fight and Never Surrender
Story 6 – Harsh but Corrective Justice
Story 7 – Walking Only by Faith
Story 8 – Death to Evil
Story 9 – Family Comes First



Cover made by Fhunde (on Twitter).

Original cover by Albert Oon.

Story 1 – Soldier’s Orders
After singing the Apostles' Creed, Our Father, Three Hail Marys, and a Glory Be, we begin to sing the battle prayer of the Knights of the Sacred Blood of Christ.
“Let us pray. Oh God, who is all-knowing, all-wise, and all good, it is known that you are a God of battles and the army that has your favor shall obtain victory. We pray,”
“Grant us your favor, Oh Lord, to us, your poor servants.”

“Let us be your instruments of justice.”

“So that thy will shall be done as it is in Heaven.”

“Make our aim true.”

“So that our anger is just.”

“Protect us from all dangers especially those of the spirit.”

“So that we may forever serve you in Heaven.”

“Always be in our hearts, Oh Lord, who is truth and love itself.”

“Always and forever we shall love you.”
“St. Jude, Saint of Impossible Causes.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Joseph, Terror of Demons.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Michael the Archangel, Prince of the Heavenly Host.”

“Pray for us.”

“Our Lady of Victory.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Savior of all.”

“Pray for us.”
“Jesus Christ, Ruler of the Universe.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Conqueror of Death.”

“Pray for us.”

“Use your weapons of justice as you see fit, Oh Lord, for we are yours and yours alone as we enter into battle.”

“Amen.”

The air inside the aircraft lifted a bit. It’s to be expected of a prayer, but this is our first deployment and the sounds of explosions and laser fire are keeping me on edge. Some of the people I went to training appear to be praying while others are checking out their equipment. There’s one that’s constantly switching his gun to sword mode on and off as if the way it works still amazes him. A girl is admiring her skull helmet with the little markings she made on it.
“The markings on your helmet are the only thing they’re going to be identifying your body by if you keep obsessing over it,” someone tells her.
She dismisses him and puts her helmet on.
The captain of our unit stands up and says, “We’re going to be landing soon. To recap, you will storm the beachhead, join your brothers and sisters in battle, and help them win the battle. I know this is going to be a lot for you since we’re fighting against the Orthodox empire instead of fighting against weaker heathens and Protestants, but stay strong, keep your faith in God, and He will deliver you to safety whether that’d be to your homes here or in Heaven. Remember that we’re not going to take any prisoners. Any questions?”
One guy raises his hand.
“What is it?”
“Why should we be worried about fighting heretics? They’re just tools of the devil steeped in their own ignorance. Sure, they have advanced weaponry like ours, but there’s one important thing that we have on our side that they don’t.”
“And what’s that?”
“We have the Lord Jesus Christ on our side!”
I, along with my unit, cheer at the reminder.
“Why should we fear death or the heretic, who thinks they serve the Lord but only serves his own warped version of God?”
“That’s what I want you all to think about when you’re out there. Keep God in your hearts and victory will be ours.”
The aircraft lands on the ground and the landing door begins to open. We all stand up with our weapons in hand and in formation.
“Ready yourselves! Give your lives, your souls, your very existence for the Church, for your Holy Mother, and for your Lord!”
“Amen!” the unit screams out before charging out into a hail of laser fire.
I’m not sure who was shot from the point we scattered and sprinted on the battlefield, but I’m sure a few people died because of all the screaming I heard. There’s nothing I can except shoot and move forward. By the time I get to the cover of dug in trenches, I think I might’ve killed five or so heretics and lost a few people in my unit. The people in the trenches are catching their breath for a second before going back out or using the trenches as cover. At least none of them are being cowards and just sitting here. I’m not even sure we can stay here with all the explosions blowing up the battlefield. I see the captain of our unit finally entering the trenches.
“I’m glad you’re still alive, Private Joshua,” he says, “Have you seen your fellow squad mates?”
“I’ve seen a few here and there. I think some are still charging ahead.”
“God bless them.”
“What should we do now, sir?”
“Your orders still stand, private. Keep fighting and leave no heretic standing.”
“Incoming!” a solider screams out.
We scatter out of the trenches as artillery fire blows it up. I manage to get to cover behind the rubble of fallen buildings and push forward. Our allies return with artillery fire of our own as more air reinforcements come in to finish off the last of the heretic’s aircraft. Once their air support is gone, our aircraft take out heretics camped out in the taller ruins. We keep pushing forward as they retreat to their field base. They’re really dug in here with a shield around them and heavy laser gun placements that keep the pressure on us. This is their last stand and they’re throwing everything they have at us in their tall fortress. An explosion behind me blasts a fellow soldier to the cover near me.
“Are you okay?” I ask them.
“Y-yeah. I’m just a little shaken up. This armor is better than I thought it was.”
“I don’t think it was the armor that saved your life.”
“True that but who’s to say that God didn’t help make this armor? How are we going to pierce their defenses? Not even the aircraft can pierce it.”
“What about the artillery?”
“It’s going to take a while to load and fire again.”
There has to be some way to break their shields. While looking around, I see that the ground around the base is broken with holes in them that appear deep. After throwing a couple grenades, the broken concrete reveals that the ground is hollow.
“Do you see that? Let’s get everyone else to blow up the ground around the fortress,” I say.
We use our shared comms to tell everyone what I figured out and they go along with the plan. Once the ground is weakened, the fortress leans forward then falls as its shield deactivates. The air support then blows up the fortress for added measure and we get rid of the stragglers. Whatever is left of my unit regroups to our captain.
“I’m glad most of you made it through that battle especially you Private Joshua who helped finished the fight.”
My unit and other people around cheer for me. I didn’t expect to be this important in my first battle. God does use the most inconspicuous people in the most important tasks, I guess.
“Now, clean up the rest of the heretics around these ruins and bring back anything important that you can find.”
“Yes, sir!”
The rest of the units are given the same tasks from what I hear passing by them. Most of them travel in small groups while I’m searching by myself. Even I find trouble, there are lots of people around me, so they should notice. It confuses me as to why we’re here to take this city other than it being one of the heretic’s many holdouts on this planet. It’s obviously falling apart, but I guess the most unlikely place to be is the best place to hide. The rest of the planet is almost under our control. I’m hoping the heretics repent of their sins soon so what happened here doesn’t happen to their other cities. Is that laser fire in the distance?
Quickly running over to see what’s happening, I see that a fellow soldier has just cornered a single wounded enemy soldier. Another four then come out of nowhere with broken swords in their hands. We shoot them as soon as they appear.
“I’m glad you got here when you did, brother. I would’ve been dead if you haven’t.”
“You’re welcome. What are we going to do with-!”
“What?”
“You just shot him!”
“Yeah. No survivors. That’s what we were told. Why?”
“He was surrendering.”
“So? If he wanted to live, he should’ve converted and left this planet when we were evacuating the Catholics from it. The only people left on this planet who are loyal to God and His Church is us. Everyone else turned their backs on Him. I understand your sympathy, but you shouldn’t let that make you go against orders.”
“Okay. I understand.”
“Thank you. Let’s get back to cleaning up this mess. I’m sure there are more heretical rats here somewhere.”
The two of us go our separate ways as he joins a group. My orders are to kill any remaining heretics, but what about those who repent? God is always willing to forgive those who repent with their whole heart, so why should I deny them the chance to live? Is their judgment day or are their early deaths the only way to do penance for their sins? The price of sin is death after all.
Checking some nearby ruins, I find what looks to be a small house. The doors are open, so someone must’ve been in here looking through it. Going downstairs, I find a hidden room with a single man in it. He doesn’t appear to be a soldier since he has simple clothes on, but like the other guy said, the only people left on this planet who are loyal to God and His Church is us. As I point my gun at him, he turns around and quickly gets on his knees with his hands in the air.
“H-hey! I surrender! I’ve repented of my heresy!” he says.
“And now you’ll pay the price for them.”
“Hold on! Hold on! Just bring me in. I can serve my penance differently. Check me for weapons or explosives. I’m not trying to trick you!”
I check him and there’s nothing on him except for a picture of a family.
“What is this?” I ask him.
“It’s a picture of my family that lived here years ago. I begged the army to let me be here to get it and they let me since they don’t know of my true beliefs, but that’s when your army happened to attack. After the fighting stopped, I managed to get here and get my belongings.”
“If you’ve repented of your sins, then why are you still here? Don’t the Orthodox jail or execute traitors?”
“Only the ones they know of. Just because this planet is dominated by the Orthodox doesn’t mean that people don’t convert. Please turn me in to your authorities. I’ll be safer in prison than on this planet.”
“What about your family?”
“Executed or worse. They already took them away from me. Hopefully, they’re in Heaven praying for me.”
What should I do? I guess I could take him in. This guy isn’t a heretical soldier and my orders don’t mention executing civilians.
“Okay, fine. I’ll bring you in. Hopefully, they’ll have mercy on you.”
“Thank you! May God forever bless you!”
“Follow me.”
As soon as we exit the house, I hear explosions and laser fire. Over the comms, I hear that a surprise attack has happened and they’re engaging heretical forces.
“What’s happening?” the man asks me.
“An attack. This’ll be a good opportunity to get you back without having the others bringing up any questions along the way. Let’s hurry!”
I take us on a long way around because of the fighting.
“The fighting here was more intense now that I have a better look at it,” the man points out, “It used to be a beautiful city, but the war has absolutely decimated it. It’s beyond repair. A few well-placed explosions could make the entire place crumble.”
I accidentally cough.
“Did you already try that?”
“Just did on one fortress and it was my plan. A bunch of grenades was able to topple the foundation and bring it crumbling to the ground.”
“It doesn’t matter. This place, this planet doesn’t hold any significant value to me anymore.”
“Are there more people like you on this planet?”
“The only ones alive I know of are in jail. There are probably some in hiding, but I’m not sure. Why?”
“As far as we know, there aren’t any more people loyal to God or His Church on this planet. I’m hoping that the planet will surrender so no more lives are destroyed. This place will be a barren world if the fighting continues.”
“Then I’ll be your example to change the minds of your leaders.”
“I hope so.”
Before we know it, we’re ambushed by a small group of heretics who fire on us from cover. We take cover in the ruins and I try to fight back, but they’ve got us pinned down.
“Give me a gun. I can help you fight them,” the man says.
Since he seems trustworthy, I give him a sidearm I have, and we shoot at the heretics together. We manage to hit a couple then advance on the other two while keeping them down. Once we get around to them, we kill them.
“Good work. Now, give me back my gun,” I say.
“You don’t trust me with it? There could be more out there waiting to ambush us.”
“If that happens, then I’ll just give you it back. I don’t want my allies finding my gun on you. We’ll just have more to explain.”
“You’re right. Here.”
It’s not a long walk back from here, but once we get in range, the captain of my unit and the others around him point their guns at us.
“Explain yourself, Private Joshua,” my captain orders.
“This citizen was here getting an old picture from his house that was here among the ruins. He doesn’t have anything on him. He also wants off the planet so he can be safe and do his penance for his sins. Trust me when I say that he can be trusted. He even shot at and killed a couple of heretics with me.”
“Hmm. Those are some good reasons to trust him.”
Despite what I just said, the captain pulls out his laser pistol and shoots the man through the head.
“Captain!”
“Medics, go cut open that man’s body and be careful doing so.”
“What for? He was a repentant sinner!”
“We’ll see soon.”
“What do you mean?”
“He has a bomb in his chest, sir. He has an activation button deep in his palm,” one of the medics say.
“What?”
“Do you see what I mean, Private Joshua? This is something new that we’re finding out, so I wouldn’t expect you to know about it. People like this hide cybernetic bombs in their bodies so they can infiltrate our ships and bases to blow themselves up and take out important leaders. I know that the Muslims are better known for this, but heretics are all the same. This is why I instructed you to leave none alive.”
“I thought you meant heretical soldiers.”
“Everyone on this planet is an enemy of the Lord’s Holy Church.”
“I really did think he was a repentant sinner.”
“I understand and because of your help earlier today that took down the heretic’s fortress and your good nature to the seemingly repentant, you will only receive a light punishment, however, you can make up for it by going back out and cleaning out the rest of the heretics from the city. Remember. Leave none alive.”
“Yes, sir.”
I do as the captain asks and help purge the rest of the heretics from the planet. Later on, I’m suspended from entering the next battle with my penance being to pray the rosary for the army continuously until the battle is done. Once it is, I’m allowed to take a look at the aftermath to see that the city is burning. I hope this was what truly God willed to happen. If it was, then this is good and the right thing to do. If not, then I hope the Holy Spirit enlightens us soon on what we should be doing.


The End


Story 2 – Rescuer or Executioner
The squad begins to pray the battle prayer of St. Joan of Arc’s Holy Virgin’s after praying an Our Father, three Hail Marys, and a Glory Be.
“Let us pray. Oh God, who leads His soldiers into battle and keeps them safe, do the same onto us who do Your Will in Your Name. We pray,”

“Your guidance is all we need in life.”

“Use us as your weapons to smite evil and as a helping hand to rescue the innocent.”

“So that thy will shall be done as it is in Heaven.”

“We are not afraid to lose our lives for You.”

“We were born for this.”

“We are not afraid to lose our lives for You.”

“We trust and love You above all.”

“We are not afraid to lose our lives for You.”

“Because everything else is vanity.”

“It is better to be alone with God. His friendship will not fail me, nor His counsel, nor His love.”

“In His strength, I will dare and dare and dare until I die.”

“We march forward with our rosaries in one hand, a sword in the other.”

“Make us pure as you were, Blessed Mother.”

“Always be in our hearts, Oh Lord, who is truth and love itself.”

“Always and forever we shall love you.”

“St. Joan of Arc, Patron Saint of Soldiers.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Maria Goretti, who was killed for her purity.”

“Pray for us.”

“Holy Mary, Mother of God.”

“Pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death.”

“Holy Mary, Most Pure.”

“Pray for us.”

“Holy Mary, Our Lady of Victory.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Savior of all.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Ruler of the Universe.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Conqueror of Death.”

“Pray for us.”

“Use us, your soldiers, who are about to stain our swords with the blood of sinners for You. Covert their souls in the time they still have left. If they refuse, then so be it. Thy will shall be done as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end.”

“Amen.”

We’ve finally tracked down a group of people who have been trafficked around as some part of some organization’s sick plan to use them as human sex instruments. If these sinners think they can get away with this on one of the planet’s the empire rules, then they have another thing coming. They’re outside the city in the ghettos of the suburban area. So-called repentant heretics and heathens live in the furthest areas of our illustrious planets to plan their mischief. They take advantage of the kindness we give them in allowing them to live among us as long as they promise to contribute to the empire and convert. Some of them might be honest, but I don’t trust most.
We’ve just landed not too far, but not too close from the location so they don’t know that we’re on to them. To keep a low profile, we make sure to stay out of public sight before we get to the building where we quickly set up.
“Set. Go,” the squad captain says to execute the plan.
Two people breach the building from each side. I’m going through the front door with a squadmate who’s wielding a shotgun while I have a shield and a laser submachine gun, which can transform into a short sword. We clear out the front of the house as we keep an eye on the corners. A hostile tries surprising us out of nowhere, but I catch the laser shot with my shield and shoot it back at him. The building is then secured in no time. It’s a good thing the kidnapped people didn’t pop out or were used as human shields as I expected, but I don’t know where they are. I look through the building and don’t find a single captive.
“Captain, where are the kidnapped?” I ask my captain, who’s looking through some strange boxes.
She quickly closes the box then points at them. Knowing what she means, I move to open them, but she stops me.
“No, Lilian. These boxes are the only things keeping them alive.”
“Really? They’re so small.”
“I know it’s a terrible fate, but we have to leave them like this until we get them to a hospital.”
“Okay. I’ll hurry them to the ship.”
The others are told that the captives are in the boxes and this gets them to move the captives into the ship faster, but then we’re suddenly attacked by a large group.
“Get those people out of here! Come back for us after!” the captain commands.
For the safety of the captives, only a few of us can board the ship as it takes off. We’re able to eliminate all the attackers, however, the ship is shot out of the sky by hostiles furtherer from our location.
“Move! Hurry to the crash site!” the captain orders.
“These hostiles seem like they were prepared for us, captain!” I point out.
“That or they’re more advanced than we think. Now’s not the time to think about that. We have to be prepared for anything.”
I can tell the captain thinks something’s up. The heretics and heathen majority can’t be this well prepared to deal with us on short notice. As we move to the crash site, the captain calls in another ship to pick us up and alerts the rest of the authorities about the attack. We’re taken by surprise by another attack. Hostiles attack us from all angles and crevices of the desolate houses and buildings. Our shields that can hold and shoot back enemy lasers come in handy more than ever here. We take a couple hits, but none of us are gravely injured. The people that live here complain about the living conditions, but never bother to do anything about it or use the aid we give them to good use. They’re like children who expect their parents to clean up all their messes.
Once we get to the crash site, we see that a few of the captives are outside of their boxes and we see their horrifying condition. Their eyes are sewn shut or not there at all. Their mouths are permanently opened and they don’t have any limbs. They all have metal tubes and attachments that appear to have been keeping them alive and fed.
“Quit gawking and help them!” the captain commands.
We try to help reattach them to the machines to help keep them alive, but a couple are already dead and the other one’s box is broken and dies shortly after.
“Three of you check the rest of them and hurry! The rest of you need to form a defensive line in case there are more out there,” the captain orders.
I choose to be one of the three to check and find that the rest of the captives and their boxes are fine. The same cannot be said my squadmates and the pilots of the ship.
“May you find your eternal rest in Heaven, sisters,” the three of us say as we pray for the souls of those who died.
We’re able to have our moment of silence before the next ship arrives. The squad gets the captives and the bodies of the dead on board, but we’re attacked shortly after boarding and shot out of the sky like the previous ship. What’s it with these people and their anti-air guns?! We crash land not too far from where we got picked up. I might be the only one who’s alive. Wait, the captain! She’s injured!
“Captain, I’ll help you up!”
“Lilian, you have to leave. Carry one of the captives away from here.”
“What about you?”
“I can hide in the wreckage of the ship while I call for backup. Just keep your tracker on you and keep your faith in God. He’ll protect you. I know I’m asking a lot of you, but we all need you to act as bait so the rest can be saved.”
“I’ll do it. Even if I don’t survive, I’ll do it.”
“Thank you. God protect you.”
“And to you as well. You’re going to need Him more.”
I take one of the captives with me and try to get as much distance from the wreckage as I can. It’s easier than I thought to carry since the box has straps that I can use to carry it on my back. I guess that’s how they manage to carry these people in broad daylight. I’m already hearing footsteps following me. Before I know it, three people come out of hiding to ambush me. I use my shield to protect myself and counterattack while using my laser submachine gun to quickly get rid of them. Dang it! The box got damaged in the ambush. I can’t fix it or do anything for the person inside. Maybe I should just kill them to end their suffering. No! I can’t. Euthanasia is a mortal sin. If God is allowing this to happen, then I must let it.
“Just hold on. You’re going to be safe soon,” I say to the person in the box.
It may be just me, but I think I can hear the person in the box making noises. Are they in pain or just frightened? I’m too scared to think about it. Even if I manage to get them to safety, will the damage be permanent? They’re already in a bad state as is that can be fixed with cybernetics, but I don’t know how they are mentally? All these questions are causing me to worry when I should be focusing. Since there are more people where I’m heading, I go around them because I don’t trust any of them. While in the alleyway, a single person comes down it then another behind me. My laser submachine gun is broken so I switch it to a sword.
“I’m part of St. Joan of Arc’s Holy Virgins. I have urgent business I must attend to. Step aside,” I say with authority.
They don’t listen to me and instead pull their guns out. I cut the arm off one then turn around to stab the other in the head before finishing off the first one. These people are everywhere. How do they even know where to find me? It’s like they’re tracking me, but the only people that should be able to are the people involved with the Holy Virgins. I have to focus on the task at hand just like the captain said. A trio of ships fly over and head in the captain’s direction. I also hear more on the way. Since I’m already so far, I can’t go back. Plus, there should be a nearby hospital that should stabilize this person with security.
Still, this person is suffering. I can hear them moving and making muffled noises in the box. If I remove them from the box, they’ll die. If I end their suffering, I commit a mortal sin.
“I’m so sorry!” I say to the captive.
I have to let God’s Will take its course over mine. This person may be suffering to pay for the sins of others, but why did it have to be them? Didn’t they already suffer so much for being a toy used by those awful sinners? Can’t think about it. Can’t think about that right now. Come on! I’m losing focus. Huh?! I heard something behind me. Now I’m hearing movement all around me along with whispering.
“You’ll soon face God’s justice you awful sinners!” I say as I run away.
As I run, I can hear them chase me. That is until I’m in a clear area that used to be a marketplace. Where are they? Agh! A sniper shot my leg. It pierced right through my armor. I can now see the group of people that chased me.
“Give up now and we’ll give you a more pleasurable existence than the one that toy in the box has,” one of them say.
“Never! Who are you?”
“We may as well tell you since your friends won’t be coming for you.”
“They will!”
“Hold on a second. Do you hear that?”
The three ships, that went to the captain’s position, fly over our heads and back towards the city.
“Do you see that, Lilian? You’re left to us now.”
“How do you know my name?”
“We are from the Islamic empire and we’ve made a deal with some true servants of God within your empire and they’ve been supplying us with wives and men, and other supplies and munitions. The people you found were just bait to lure you in. You “holy” virgins would be great wives of our leaders, so it was our plan to use our connections to capture you. Depending on how you look at it, you’re blessed to be the last one we can get. You will be the jewel of our leader if you submit yourself to him and to the true religion.”
“Never! I’ll never betray God and His True Church for your heresy!”
“You have three choices before you; join us without further resistance, join us without your limbs, or kill that toy and we’ll leave you alone.”
“Why would you leave me alone if I killed the captive?”
“It’s a bit of entertainment to see a woman like you go against the law of God to save her own life. Choose soon before we choose for you. Your leader thinks you’re dead because our contact told her.”
“…”
I tighten the grip on my sword and strike down near the captive to trick them into thinking I was about to kill them. I use the sword to help me stand up before I point it at them.
“I’ll die before I sin,” I tell them with confidence.
“Haha! She’s truly a lioness worth taming! The one to put her down first with have the first go with her.”
They raise their guns at me with smiles on their faces before several laser shots go out killing them. A squad of Holy Virgins has come to pick me up with my captain with them. She comes over and catches me before I fall.
“You did great, Lilian,” she says, “Now, let’s get you to the hospital.”
The traitors in the Church probably didn’t know about the trackers and the secondary trackers that only the captains can see. Along the way to the hospital, I’m told that the captain already has people going after the traitors and we’re going to get answers as to why they betrayed us and God and to see if there are more traitors in the Church that they know of. Most of my squad survived the crash though they are gravely injured though not as bad as me. The rest of the captives are fine too though the one I’m caring for is still struggling to stay alive.
Since it was my responsibility to keep them safe, I wait outside their room after my leg is patched up. While waiting for an answer to their condition, I fall asleep and dream of a woman with a light behind her.
“Thank you for saving me, Lilian. You’re always going to be in my prayers,” she says before disappearing into the light.
I wake up to hear that the woman, I was protecting, has now died, but she died peacefully. I’m glad to hear it. The other captives are going to be taken care of in the hospital and their family and friends are going to be informed of their location, so they know they’re still alive. As for me, I have a cybernetic attachment that allows me to walk as if nothing happened to my leg. There’s no rest for a servant of God after all. When I join back up with my squad, they’re happy to see me. Our reunion is cut short when we’re told to arrest the people who set us up. We say our prayers and get ready to do what God wills of us yet again. This is a holy duty that we wish to do forever until the end of days.


The End

Story 3 – God’s Will Over Mine
After we sing the Apostles' Creed, Our Father, Three Hail Marys, and a Glory Be, we sing our prayer before the mission.
“Let us pray. Oh God, You work in secret to save the lost and punish the guilty. You are both a great healer and a just executioner. We pray,”

“Help us to imitate Your example.”

“Let us be Your instruments of justice and healing in the darkness.”

“So that thy will shall be done as it is in Heaven.”

“We pray to be humble as our deeds are never known in the light.”

“But are known to Heaven, who is our true audience.”

“We pray to grow in faith.”

“As we place our trust in You and Your Church.”

“We come to bring the sword and not peace.”

“For You came to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law. And a man's enemies shall be they of his own household.”

“He that loveth father or mother more than You, is not worthy of You.”

“And he that loveth son or daughter more than You, is not worthy of You.”

“And he that taketh not up his cross, and followeth You, is not worthy of You.”

“He that findeth his life, shall lose it: and he that shall lose his life for You, shall find it.”

“Always be in our hearts, Oh Lord, who is truth and love itself.”

“Always and forever we shall love You.”

“St. Ignatius of Loyola, Soldier of God and Founder of the Jesuits.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Thomas Beckett, Soldier of God and Martyr.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Louis XI, Soldier of God and King.”

“Pray for us.”

“Our Lady of Victory.”

“Pray for us.”

Jesus Christ, Savior of all.

“Pray for us.”
“Jesus Christ, Ruler of the Universe.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Conqueror of Death.”

“Pray for us.”

“Use those who you've tasked with doing Your Will in the dark, Oh God of Mercy and Justice, so that those who think they can sin in darkness will come to the light. We are Your blades. Thy Will shall always be done.”

“Amen.”

“You know your orders. Do what God’s Church wills of you,” our captain says before the ship’s door opens.
We jump out into the stormy weather and descend to the muddy planet below with our suits that allow us to glide to the planet. The suits are laser resistant and should protect us from the lightning even if it hits us. Since we all have our separate assignments, we’re on our own. Along with those in Heaven, my best friend, Julius, is my only other support in terms of prayers. I have a long way to walk to my first destination, so I might as well keep the thought of him in my head. Us, in Section 10:34, are reminded to keep who we fight for in our minds to stay positive against the odds. I think about God, His sacrifice, and all that He’s given me especially my best friend.
Julius was my best friend since grade school, and we’ve been supporting each other ever since. The mud on this planet reminds me of the mud we used to play in during the rainy days when we were kids. It also reminds me of the good days and bad. I’ve either fallen or thrown myself in mud so much so that my life is filled with it. The planet reminds me also of how Julius and I wondered what kind of materials can protect you from laser fire. This planet has the resources need to make armor that can protect against lasers, which is why our target is hiding here. He didn’t think that we could enter such a hostile environment, but he forgets that God’s Will shall always be done.
I’m coming up on my first target. It’s a makeshift town made of the dozens of ships that fought for this planet. As far as the Church knows, the place is home to sinners and runaways that are afraid of her but don’t hate her. When I enter the town, people hide and watch from a distance. I go to the center of the town and construct a small weather-controlling device that makes it stop raining around the town. People start coming out in amazement. I approach these people with medicine and the food supplies that I have on me.
“Here, take these. Your people will need them,” I tell them.
They get on their knees and bow their heads.
“How can you give sinners like us these things?” one of them says.
“You’re repentant of your sins and you know the severity of your actions. The Church knows of your sorrow and wishes to help you make things right with God. Only accept her kind gift and she’ll get you off this planet.”
“O-okay. I accept.”
The rest of the townspeople accept. I activate a homing beacon in the weather-controlling device so that we know to pick them up after the mission. If they rejected our offer, then we would’ve left them here and tried again later. If they rejected with hostility, then they would’ve been our next targets. I stay a bit longer to heal their sick before heading off to my next destination. A child stops me before I get too far.
“H-here, miss. You can have this,” he says.
The boy hands me a small figure of a soldier made of hardened mud.
“Thank you. I remember making these too when I was little. Now, get back home before you catch a cold,” I tell him with a pat on the head.
He smiles then heads back home. Julius will like to see this when I get back home. He always did have a liking for the simple things in life. Sitting under a starlit night to admire God’s creation is our favorite pastime. We always did it after tough tests and difficult times. Julius always says that the calming night sky is God’s way of telling us that’s there’s a time to rest and a time for work and play. I remind him that he never makes a distinction because of the number of times naps he takes during the day.
I’m entering a marshland of the planet now. The tall trees and hard to walk on mud make it a good place to hide and lose your pursuers. It’s a good thing that I’m traversing this place through the trees then. Despite how the outfit looks, I’m still able to be agile with my cloak and mask. My transforming blade and cane allow me to climb the trees and catch the branches, so my movements aren’t stopped. My targets are currently below me. They’re going in and out of a secret bunker that was covered by leaves. I land on one of them as they’re about to go back in. Since my orders are to kill them, I do so.
Switching my blade to a laser pistol, I go into the hideout and quietly eliminate who I can before turning out the power. My cloak lets me hide better in the darkness, so they don’t know what’s happening when I pick them off one by one. I shoot one in the distance with my laser pistol only for it to have no effect.
“Ha! Do you really think that-!”
Switching my cane to a gun, I eliminate the last person in the hideout. Some armors protect incredibly well against laser fire, but not bullets because of the fabrics and materials used in them. I don’t know much about these targets and I don’t need to know. Just a glance at the books of the shelf gives me all the reason I need to not regret my actions. It’s a bunch of heretical literature that’s better suited to be fuel for a fire than to be looked at. I still have a couple more targets to go after, so I better keep going. I’d rather not keep my squad waiting and worried for me if I don’t get done in a good amount of time.
Once I exit the hideout, I exit the marsh and enter a desolate battlefield with trees growing out of the mud. It’s not as difficult to walk through so I walk on the ground. There’s plenty of debris here that I can use for cover in case I need to hide. Julius feels more sympathy than me for heretics and heathens. It’s why he's in the government while I’m a soldier of sorts. Section 10:34 is not known to most since it deals in black ops operations. I had to prove myself in the Knights of the Sacred Blood before I even got the privilege of hearing about this group. They told me I had to keep this a secret to everyone I knew even my closest family and friends.
Typically, the news of the execution and arrest of heretics and heathens is public, but nothing Section 10:34 does is public. I wouldn’t even know what to say if Julius knew I was killing heretics and heathens behind his back without a second thought or a single question. I’d probably tell him about the sinners I’ve healed and helped though I’m sure the number I’ve people I’ve killed is larger than the people I’ve healed. He’s probably the better person than me in terms of loving. I have trouble loving my enemies and having pity on them. He, on the other hand, is a kind and compassionate person who is always trying to help people no matter how evil they are.
Speaking about evil people, I’ve found my targets. They’re picking up whatever seems valuable from the battlefield. It makes sense that scum like them would be among the death and destruction that they caused. Now it’s time for them to reap their rewards. Some of what they’re picking up is explosive, so I shoot at it to thin them out immediately. They don’t know where I am despite my being under their noses. I don’t let them have a second to rest as I pick off another few in time with each lightning strike. There are only a few left and they have their backs towards each other. This allows me to take them down with a single shot from my cane that goes through their heads.
My third target is down. The fourth awaits then I can go after my final target, which is the most valuable from what I’ve heard. He’s the one that has set the heretics up here to take advantage of the resources that rightfully are the Church’s. I’m not even sure if Julius would care if I killed him. Evil people like the ones I kill should be forgotten about. Hating them makes a person sin and endangers their soul while sympathizing with them makes their evil deeds look reasonable. I only think about them as they are and nothing more.
Oh, I almost forgot to pray for them in my head. After saying a few Hail Marys for the people I’ve killed, I move on. Please, Lord, grant me the strength and wisdom not to hate the sinner and hate only the evil they’ve done. I must keep going so that my feelings of anger don’t build up inside of me and cause me to sin. Anyway, the Church’s cleanup crew should be coming within the month to clean up the wreckage on this planet along with the bodies my squad and I are leaving. They should be making the same amount of progress I’ve been making. Hopefully, they’re doing an even better job than I. Despite all the thankless work we do for the Church, we’re all glad to be doing it because it’s what God wills. It is both the good and the right thing to do.
I’ve reached the ruins of a city that was recently destroyed by a battle. All the buildings seem like good places to hide in, but I’m looking for a specific one with certain markings on it. After gliding around the city a bit, I find it. A part of the walls of the building look a little strange, so I fly into the wall to find that it was a projection. I’ve found my target in this hidden room with supplies that he’s been using to live here. I scared him when I glided into his room and is now pointing a makeshift laser gun at me.
“L-leave me be! I’m not bothering anyone out here,” he says with shaky hands.
“I’m here to remind you of God’s forgiveness.”
“God may forgive me of my sins, but the empire isn’t as forgiving.”
“That isn’t true.”
“Why should I trust you?”
“Because I’m not here to kill you. Take this in case you ever change your mind about coming back.”
“What is this?”
“It’s a small device that acts as a beacon that informs any nearby ships allied with the Church to come rescue you. The choice is yours.”
I leave the device on a nearby desk then leave for my final target. It’s not too long after I leave before I catch the beacon on my radar. We already knew he would make the right decision. All I know is that he’s an ex-soldier who regrets the damage he’s done to sinners and he’s been trying to atone for his “sins”. I don’t know why he thinks he did anything wrong when he was following orders like he was supposed to. I’m glad that he’s come to his senses. Now, I’m on my way to my last target.
Section 10:34 seemed like a strange bunch of people to me when I first started out. I thought they were a bit too energetic and radical for their jobs, but now I realize that they’re what everyone is supposed to be. We’re given our orders without much background, but they give us the most critical info to know so we can find who we’re looking for. Section 10:34 only takes in the most faithful of soldiers that will follow orders without question. Those who are caught and want to betray the Church to save their lives have nothing to tell the enemy and the Church will deny knowing them.
I’m reminded of what Julius told me when I asked him why he has so much mercy for sinners, heretics, and heathens.
He said, “It’s God’s Will over mine. A large part of me thinks that it would be easier to hate them or to beat them until they come to their senses, but God has mercy on us every time that we sin, so why shouldn’t we do the same for others?”
What he said still circulates in my head every time I go out on another mission. It is true what he said and I’m doing what God wills of me. God’s justice is just as good as His mercy since He is absolute goodness, truth, and love. The evil people that I execute would’ve gotten a worst sentence in Hell if I didn’t end their life when I did. I thank God every day for this strength and my family and friends that support me. I can’t wait to get home to see them again.
Once this next target dies, I can do that. They’re in this old broadcasting tower that has some meager defenses around it. Since the guards are all spread out, I use my blades and the darkness to my advantage both to attack, hide, and hide the bodies. Now that everyone else is dead, I go into the radio building to find…
“Mm? Hello there. Do you need anything from me?”
“…”
“That’s a strange outfit you have. I love the mask and cane.”
I take my mask off then say, “Julius?”
“Bernice? What are you doing here?”
“I could ask you the same thing. I thought you were at work.”
“I am at work. This is the other job that I do. I help-”
“Heretics and heathens group up to fight the Church!”
“What I do is help them survive. I don’t tell them what to do.”
“Yes, you do! These people go after people in the Church; innocent people, government leaders, and clergy.”
“They should be going after the corrupt people in the Church.”
“We already have groups in the Church that do that for us.”
“They aren’t doing a very good job.”
“What would you know when you sympathize with evil people?”
“I would know because it’s my job both here and back home to help people. How would you know when all you do is kill?”
“I’ve helped more people than you think even when I kill!”
“Look. You know you can trust me, Bernice. When have I ever lied to you? When have I ever let you down?”
“…I can’t think of when.”
“Then let’s help each other out so we can help other people. Don’t do whatever you were commanded to do and tell them that I’m dead or that I wasn’t here or something.”
“…I don’t know what I should do.”
“Ask yourself then what would God do.”
“…It’s funny that you said that because I was thinking about that before I got here. I remember you saying that it’s God’s Will over mine, so that’s what I’ll do.”
I cut off Julius’ head with my cane blade then shut off his transmission. That is what God’s Church commands so that is what should be done. When I exit the radio building, I find my squad waiting for me with the ship landed on the ground. They all bow their heads. Even the captain bows down his head to me. We then enter the ship and take off without a word.
In the ship, I say to the captain, “Forgive me for asking this captain and I know your answer already, but please tell me so my mind can be put to ease. Did Julius really reject the Church’s official command?”
“Yes, he did. We went through the normal procedure for people like him. We presented the evidence to show him that we knew what he was doing and commanded him to stop and turn himself in, but he refused. He doubted that we would make it to him on this planet, but as always…”
“God’s Will is done.”
“Correct. I know it must be hard for you, but you must remember the verses from Sacred Scripture and our prayer.”
“A man's enemies shall be they of his own household.”
“Correct again. Try not to let Julius’ actions shake your faith. He was a traitor even before you knew it. Remember that everyone in Heaven and everyone in Section 10:34 are the only ones you can truly trust.”
“I haven’t forgotten. Thank you for the reminder, captain.”
“You’re welcome. Good job everyone on another successful mission. We will be having our own success party when we get back home. Just because our deeds aren’t officially recognized doesn’t mean that we can’t celebrate them on our own time.”
“Yeah!” everyone in the ship says.
I’m glad that everyone is in good spirits though I am still a bit shaken at the revelation that my best friend was a traitor. The killing part doesn’t bother me as much because he was dead in my eyes once I learned that. I just have to keep remembering to put God’s Will over mine because He is always good and when I put my faith in Him and His Church and follow my orders, then I can never make a wrong decision.


The End

Story 4 – Rulers and Rule Enforcers
As customary before doing anything, my brother and I pray to God because doing anything without offering it to God is folly. After singing the Apostles' Creed, Our Father, Three Hail Marys, and a Glory Be, we sing the prayer song of our society.
“Let us pray. Oh God, who is the sole source of all authority and who puts kings on their thrones, help us use what you have given us so that we may use our positions to serve like how you served us. We pray,”

“Give us the wisdom to be your faithful pawns.”

“Let us be your instruments of power and authority.”

“So that thy will shall be done as it is in Heaven.”

“Help us to not drink the poisons of avarice, sloth, and vanity.”

“So that we do not disappoint you.”

“Protect us from being too zealous and too prideful.”

“To restrain our desires for power and materials.”

“Always be in our hearts, Oh Lord, who is truth and love itself.”

“Always and forever we shall love you.”

“St. Bellarmine, Defeater of Heresies.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Constantine the Great, Sovereign who saved the persecuted.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Balthild of Ascania, Patron of Widows and the Sick.”

“Pray for us.”

“Our Lady of Victory.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Savior of all.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Ruler of the Universe.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Conqueror of Death.”

“Pray for us.”

“Use your aristocrats, kings, and queens as you see fit, Oh Lord, because we are nothing compared to you. Hold us close as we work in the roles you have given us.”

“Amen.”

 “Are you ready, brother?”
“That’s an answer you already know, brother.”
“Then let’s do God’s work.”
We leave our home for another night in the bright city. Though everyone is out and about right now, we manage to stay hidden by going through the secret paths and alleyways. My brother and I used to go through these and memorize them as kids to get to places in the city faster. Our adventures in the city also counted as training since this is our territory that we must know the ins and outs of. This is our city and it’s the responsibility of my brother and me to protect the Church here.
My brother and I enter the shipyard where shipments come in to drop off their cargo. We find the area where we find what we’re looking for. It’s guarded by heathens who think they can slip their idols in our city. They’re supposed to be converting to the one true faith and instead, they’re soiling our planet and endangering their souls and the souls of everyone else. My brother and I knock out the heathens around the cargo from the shadows. We tie them to their idols and burn them with it. The fire burns faster than a normal one but shouldn’t spread to since it’s isolated. By the time the fire authorities get here, the idols and heathens should be nothing but ash.
“It’s a marvelous holy fire, brother.”
“Yes, brother. Unfortunately, we cannot stay to watch it and must move on to our other tasks.”
Even when we were young, my brother and I went after people we thought were causing trouble and making people sin. We’d get in trouble with our parents and were reminded that we’re not allowed to do vigilante justice. One time, we tore apart an entire high school party because the partiers were drinking too much and getting too frisky with one another. We were scolded again for not bringing this to the proper authorities but never punished in any way. It wasn’t our job yet to keep people on the straight and narrow path to Heaven until now.
Deals are being made among businesses to try to gain more “freedoms” so they can make more money. We’ll show them how vain their desires are. These businesses keep their money in the banks of the Church, but they also keep some for themselves in their own buildings. Their transactions and the amount of money they have on them are inspected every other month though there are a few underhanded ways around it. The security around the hidden stores of money is tighter than the security guarding the stores of money that are known about. My brother and I have our own underhanded way of getting to it as well.
We use the vents to get in and if we can’t use the vents, we use our IDs that make us show up as random employees on the system. Since the area ahead of us is constantly well-lit, we use our cloaks and masks special function, which disguises us as people who would work there. It still amazes me that our masks can mimic human faces so well. We flatten our hats and hidden them in our cloaks as we go into the next area of the vault. Once we get past security, we use our devices to make the security cameras here run on a timed loop before we burn the money. This fire doesn’t burn as fast as the previous one we set because we need its owner to see it. We melt the lock to the vault behind us as we leave, so no one can save the money if they happen to catch on to our actions.
After burning the money, we make our way to the elevators and take two to get to the top floor where the business meeting is being held.
“Excuse me, but can’t you see we’re having a meeting?” one of them says.
“Oh. We see,” my brother says before we change our outfits back to normal.
“Who-who are you two?”
“That’s none of your concern,” I say as we put our hats back on.
“But what is of your concern is your burning vault below this building,” my brother says as he shows them a projected video of the vault burning.
“Wha-”
My brother and I pull out our laser assault rifles from our sleeves and point them at everyone.
“Hey, hold on! Let’s talk about this,” another man says.
“We’re the only ones who are going to be talking,” I say.
“You are all supposed to be servants of the Church, but you act like the usurious Jews of the fake Israel. We wouldn’t have cared about your surplus of money if we knew you were using it for something good,” my brother says.
“The laws that restrain and give freedom to your businesses are fine as they are. If you have a problem with them, then make it known to the government, but don’t try to bribe your will into the law.”
“Play fairly in politics and business and we’ll leave you alone.”
“Refuse and your money won’t be the only thing that burns.”
“We pray that you’ll make the right decision.”
“Farewell and may God bless you.”
My brother and I take the elevator to the very top of the building and use another one of our cloaks special functions to glide to another building.
“Do you think they’ll listen to us, brother?”
“I hope so, brother. We would have to go after them if they don’t and so very few souls repent of their sins before we execute them.”
“We’ll put in a prayer request to the local churches then.”
“They already pray for both the servants and aristocrats.”
“Then we’ll send more requests and pray more ourselves until the problem goes away. Maybe we can do some charity or earn indulgences in addition to our prayers.”
“Good idea. Let’s do that tomorrow. For now, we have a couple more tasks to be done.”
“I’m right behind you.”
Heaven is a man’s ultimate goal. His existence is fulfilled in serving God heart and soul. Everyone who is alive has the chance of getting to Heaven, even the most sinful people. We all have a limited amount of time that blows away like the dust in the wind. Some have their time cut short by their sins. Speaking about cutting short, we’ve arrived at our next location.
We’re looking for a certain politician who is looking to making changes similar to the businessman except for politicians like him. Only the higher-level clergy such as cardinals, bishops, archbishops, and the pope are allowed to act as politicians in addition to their roles as clergy. There are politicians in the government that aren’t clergy that control smaller territories and have less power. This man, who we’re going after, is trying to increase his power along with the power of those who agree with him. He’s throwing a party where he will try to convince even more people to agree and join his cause. Centuries ago, when religion became secondary to politics, it resulted in a degenerate society where most people acted as their own gods and popes. That’s not going to happen again as long as we live.
The man we’re looking for has already done his big speech. He should be going to his room to privately check the results of who gave their yes to support him. We catch him halfway there where no one else is close to.
“We would like to give you our yes or no on our support,” I say as my brother and I exit the darkness.
“Who-wait. I remember seeing that symbol, your outfits, and masks.”
“Then you know why we’re here.”
“What? What am I doing wrong? I’m just trying to get the rights I deserve from the Church.”
“What rights? You only get the rights you deserve not the ones you feel that you’re owed.”
“Okay, okay. Fine. I’ll stop this.”
My training in detecting lies tells me there’s a good chance he is.
“I can tell you’re lying. The way you’re acting and your tone of voice give you away.”
“That’s because I still don’t believe that I don’t have the rights you’re talking about. I can suspend the voting and my support until-”
My brother and I cut the man’s chest with our blades.
“Repent! Now!” we both say.
“You don’t know what you’re doing,” I say.
The man soils himself out of fear.
“I…I will. I’ll cancel the event and everything.”
We make sure he changes his clothes then does as he says as he repents on his knees in public much to the shock of everyone.
“He really has the fear of God in him now, brother.”
“That or just the fear of us. I hope his associates and him have learned their lesson, brother.”
“I think it’s time we go back home for the night. We’ve done a lot already and we need our rest for what God wants us to do tomorrow.”
“All right, brother.”
Along the way back home, we come across a celebrity of sorts who is known to have his hands in business and politics despite just being a person people want to hear the opinions of. He does a lot to make sure the Church is rich in resources, but he doesn’t always use the right methods.
“What do you think, brother? Should we go after him?”
“I think we should. This is a golden opportunity that God has given us.”
We follow him into a darkened building where we confront him.
“I know who you are, brothers Israel and Ishmael,” the celebrity says.
“Oh? Is that supposed to mean something for us?” my brother says.
“I know of the Society of St. Bellarmine, but not a lot of it. It’s a story told to the aristocrats of the Church to keep them in line.”
“The stories turned out to be true, didn’t they?”
“Aren’t you acting outside of your authority?”
“We are the authorities. Our positions allow us to do whatever we want as long as God approves of it, of course.”
“Why don’t you make other people do your jobs?”
“In our roles, we are servants of God. This shouldn’t be anything new if you know who we are.”
“I know you’re aristocrats who hold power and sway in the Church. You were born and raised to serve devoutly God.”
“As everyone should be.”
“Then why are you after me?”
“Because you don’t support the Church ethically. Sin done with good intentions is still evil.”
“I have the support of people in the Church.”
“We will get to them in time to repent of their sins. You hurt more than you help when you sin.”
“My deeds bear good fruit such as these.” Four people come out of the darkness and surround us. “I knew the society would come after me one day, so I bought some protection.”
“Do you really think these people will protect you from the rewards of your sins?”
“God will punish me if I am sinful and all I have received are rewards.”
“We are your punishment.”
My brother uses his chains to trip up the people behind him then cuts them down with his sword while I use my laser to guns to quickly eliminate the foes behind me. The celebrity is obviously in shock at how fast we dispatched his help.
“Where are the rest of them?” he says under his breath before getting his answer.
More bodies fall to the ground behind us as more of the society appears.
“It’s a wonderful night to be out, isn’t it Israel and Ishmael?” one of the society’s members says.
“It’s always a wonderful night to do as God wills.”
“How did you manage that?” the celebrity asks in a shaky voice.
“Our cybernetics allow us to carry a lot of useful tools on us.”
“No, I mean bring the others here! I thought you worked on your own orders.”
“We are ordered by God. It’s just a blessing that God brought us together. Now, about your punishment…”
“Okay, I give up! I’ll cut off the contacts and destroy the contracts I’ve made with other people if it is sinful. Just tell me what I have to do!”
He’s obviously afraid, but he appears to be truthfully repentant.
“What do you think, brother? I think he’s telling the truth.”
“I think so too. We’ll tell you what you should do, but first…”
My brother heats up his sword.
“Wa-wait! I thought you were going to spare me!”
“We are. This is just part of your penance.”
My brother then cuts the celebrity with the hot blade, but not fatally.
“Remember that wound next time you sin. Remember especially the Holy Wounds of Christ and His Sacred Blood that was shed for us.”
“I...I will.”
After showing him what to do, we leave the celebrity in peace. He truly appears to be a changed man and we see it even more so on the news the next day when he publicly talks about repentance and the costs of sin. It is our duty to help people get to Heaven, and I think we’ve just helped save many more souls.

The End

Story 5 – Fight and Never Surrender
After singing the Apostles' Creed, Our Father, Three Hail Marys, and a Glory Be, all the units of St. Michael the Archangel’s Legion sings our prayer as our ships go down the surface of the enemy planet for battle.
“Let us pray. Oh God, who commands the forces of Heaven with a just and mighty hand, command us as well as we head out into battle. We pray,”
“Lead us wherever You will.”

“Let us be your swords, shields, and bows.”

“So that thy will shall be done as it is in Heaven.”

“He hath converted my soul. He hath led me on the paths of justice, for His own name's sake.”

“For though I should walk in the midst of the shadow of death, I will fear no evils, for thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they have comforted me.”

“Our rosaries protect our souls, our swords protect our body.”

“The Lord has armed us well for His war against evil.”

“Into the battle we walk.”

“Brave and fearless.”

“Into the battle we walk.”

“Ready to die for those we love.”

“Into the battle we walk.”

“With God by our side.”

“Always be in our hearts, Oh Lord, who is truth and love itself.”

“Always and forever we shall love you.”

“But to Satan, we shall say.”

“The Lord rebukes you.”

“St. Michael the Archangel, Vanquisher of Satan.”
“Pray for us.”

“St. Benedict, Patron Saint against Temptations.”

“Pray for us.”

“Queen of Heaven, Blessed Virgin Mary, who every demon fears.”

“Pray for us.”

“Queen of Heaven, Most Merciful Mother.”

“Pray for us.”

“Queen of Heaven, Our Lady of Victory.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Savior of all.”
“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Ruler of the Universe.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Conqueror of Death.”

“Pray for us.”

“Use your weapons of war, Oh Lord, so that evil will finally be extinguished, and your kingdom will reign forever in peace without death or suffering. Safeguard our souls as we head into battle.”

“Amen.”

I start playing some of the music I listen to in the ship since it’s my turn to play pre-battle music to get us even more ready for battle. We typically play orchestral music that you would hear in mass or music made by choirs specifically for our battles. The guys really seem to like it as some are banging their heads and using their guns as guitars and slapping their legs to the beat of the song.
The captain approaches me and asks, “What band is this called, Corporal Titus?”
“It’s called Cleansing Flames. I went to a concert to see them not too long ago,” I respond.
“I hear they burn Bibles,” one of my friends says.
“Burn Bibles, Titus?”
“Yes, they burn Bibles. Protestant Bibles, of course! There’s nothing like seeing heretical texts burn to ash.”
“I have to see that along with them perform then. They sound like a great band. Crank that music up, Titus.”
“Yes, sir!”
As I turn up the music, more people in the ship start moving and singing to it. Even the captain manages to get into it and does a little dancing to everyone’s amusement. I’ve worked and partied with everyone here as a Knight of the Sacred Blood of Christ. We were asked to join St. Michael the Archangel’s Legion when we proved ourselves to be a cut above the rest. Just like St. Joan of Arc’s Holy Virgins, our group is made of entirely one sex, men, who are single and virgins. The biggest difference between us is that we’re a heavy assault unit that deals with the Church’s enemies that aren’t on her planets. Today, we’re going after the Anglican heretics we are making their last stand on one of their few remaining planets. A failed operation has forced us to go in and obtain justice for our fallen comrades.
“We’re landing soon, so be ready!” the captain says as he grabs his light machine guns.
One of the great parts of being in this group is that we get to use heavy weapons and heavy armor. It takes a lot of training to be able to wield two light machine guns while using this heavy armor, but the added cybernetics help. God bless science.
“Are you ready, men?!” the captain says.
“Yes, sir!” we respond.
“For God!”
“For His Holy Church!”
“For the Our Blessed Mother!”
The automated ship is shot out of the sky and crashes into the planet along with the rest of the ship with the other groups. We get out of the wreckage as we scream and enter the battle. The ships are automated without pilots because of the dangerous battles we enter. Our ships kept getting shot out of the sky that we make our ships automated to save the lives of talented pilots. They are still a work in progress though, which is why we’re the only group that has them. Our armor allows us to strive the crash and our unshakeable spirits let us shake off the crash and immediately enter the hectic battles.
A hail of lasers showers us as we charge forward, but none of it affects us. We immediately return fire and shred the heretics to pieces. Even in their fortified positions our weapons blow up and pierce through their defenses. Seeing that their forces are losing ground, they start retreating while the heavy armor soldiers, tanks, and aircraft come in. Our soldiers with anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons step forward while we switch our gun ammo type to anti-armor. Our weapons are more advanced than theirs with our anti-tank weapons shredding through their tanks and our anti-air weapons shooting their support out of the sky with its homing capabilities. Their weapons hardly scratch ours while our anti-armor guns break theirs in a matter of seconds.
“Keep going! Keep pushing forward!” my captain and the other captains command.
“Yeah!” we all scream out as we keep pushing the heretics back without rest.
Things seem to be going well until more squads of tanks and aircraft show up. Even though our weapons are effective against them, there are too many for us to shoot down. They’re blowing up the entire area even though their allies are around us. Somehow, I expected better of these heretics.
“Scatter!” the captains command over the comms as our noise dampeners kick in while explosions hit us.
Despite all the bombs, I’ve managed to get to a destroyed building with only minimal damage to my armor. My weapons are still in good condition as well. After saying a few quick prayers of thanksgiving and for the protection of my friends and fellow soldiers, I look out at the battlefield to see squads of heretics patrolling around with tanks and heavily armored soldiers.
“Dogs of the pope, come out and surrender! Your brothers lie dead on the ground while we still have plenty of ammo to take you down. If you surrender to us, we promise to take you in alive. If you resist, we won’t hesitate to put you down. You ‘Juggernauts of the Church’ don’t stand a chance against us.”
There’s no way I’m surrendering, and neither are my friends. I wonder how the heretics are going to explain to their own people that they had to kill their own to get an advantage on us. It’s a normal tactic of ours to charge into the enemy’s line so that they only have two options. Attempt to push us back or bomb their own forces. Honestly, I think we’d rather have them try to push us back. Traitors are some of the worst people out there in the universe.
“Help…help…”
When I turn around, I see a heretic stuck under the rubble of the building. It’s crushed his lower half and he’s almost dead. He’s holding out a hand for me that I hold.
“Get those traitors for me and pray for my soul,” he requests as his grip on my hand weakens.
“I will!” I manage to say before he dies. I pray for the man’s soul with his hand in mine before I gently put it down. “I hope that God has mercy on your soul.”
Going back to see what I have to deal with, I see that the number of heretics outside is too much for me to deal with. What am I going to do? I could do hit and run attacks, but they’ll eventually get me. I do have a silencer on me, so I can pick off the strangers. Nah, most of them are bunched up together. My explosive rounds could help thin them out, but then I’m back to dealing with a large group of people. I’m trying to contact the others via the comms. No one is answering right now. All I can do now is to go out to find survivors then make a plan of attack.
It's a good thing that I got trained for situations like this. The only thing that’s difficult to do is to hold back my urge to immediately give these heretics the justice they deserve. Not only that, part of me is tempted to get rid of the few that I manage to find that are by themselves. If they are taken out now, then that could save me some trouble later, but on the other hand, someone might notice they’re missing, or I could end up not killing them fast enough and alert everyone that way. My silencer quiets down my shots though not by much. I have to keep moving. It’s the safest option I have right now. Besides, I’m starting to hear laser fire on and off, so something must be happening.
It's splitting up the groups of heretics. Some stay in certain spots while others group up to investigate the laser fire. Hmm. The two who went to investigate a destroyed bunker haven’t come out yet. Going into the destroyed bunker, I find them dead with their throats cut open. Looking around, I don’t see anyone-!
“You have to stay on your feet, Titus, especially with those blind spots,” a familiar voice says with a knife to my throat.
“Heh, I know this armor and God will protect me.”
“That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t be careful.”
I turn around to see one of my friends. His armor is all damaged and he’s only carrying one light machine gun.
“What happened to you? Did your cybernetics get damaged?”
“Yeah, but that’s doesn’t mean I can’t fight. You haven’t happened to have come across any more friendlies, have you?”
“No, I wish I did. I did find a heretic that repented of his sins.”
“That’s good. I’m glad that he finally saw his heretical brethren for what they really are.”
“We need to move quickly to find more of us. The heretics are on top of us, but with the assistance of God and each other, we can defeat them.”
“You do that. I’m afraid I’m not as mobile and strong as I was with my cybernetics. I’ll stay here to pick off whoever steps into my bunker of death.”
“What about when the fighting gets intense?”
“Then I’ll get out to join in. As I said, my damaged cybernetics doesn’t mean that I can’t fight.”
“I’ll trust you then. May God give you strength and wisdom.”
“To you as well, brother.”
Going out into the desolate battlefield again, I come across one of the destroyed ships we came in. Peering into it, I find a few of my squadmates plus the captain. They smile and silently wave at me to come in.
“I’m glad you’re all alive!” I tell them in a whispered voice.
“We are too!”
“You don’t look too hurt. Your guardian angel is really looking out for you.”
“Did you manage to find anyone else?”
“I managed to find Eric in a destroyed bunker. His cybernetics is damaged, but he can still fight. He’s holding up there until a bigger battle starts.”
“That’s smart of him,” the captain says, “I’m trying to reach the command ship, but they’re blocking our signal.”
“Do you have any idea how we’re going to attack if you don’t get any help?”
“Not right now. If we get more men together, then we can probably come up with something.”
“Then I’ll go back out there to find more men.”
“Are you sure, Titus? We’re working on clearing up our signal. It’ll just take a little while before we can contact command.”
“But what if the heretics find us or if one of our brothers need help? Something has to be done now.”
“I understand. Just be careful out there. May God protect you, body and soul.”
“Same to you all.”
I go out again to search for more people. While searching an area with destroyed tanks, I find one that a large hole. Someone could definitely use this as makeshift cover and temporary shelter. Entering it, I find a single-a single friendly.
“Ah! I didn’t mean to shoot you, Titus!”
“Don’t worry about it. Your shot barely even singed my armor.”
“You’re blessed to even have any. Look at me. Whatever armor I had was blown off.”
“You’re blessed to be alive.”
“Of course, of course,” he says as he crosses himself, “I just feel so scared without it. I feel so invincible with it on. I mean I even shot you point blank and it didn’t affect you in any way.”
“If you need it to help you feel better, then here,” I say as I take off pieces of my armor.
“No, wait! You need that.”
“But you need it more for your confidence. Plus, I saw how lethal you were charging ahead with your squad. I thought and still think that you’re a brave man. If this armor is what it takes for you to be that way, then you need it more than I do.”
“Okay. I’ll take it, but once I get to safety, I’m giving it back.”
“Alright.”
As the two of us go back to the captain, I catch sight of a few of our brothers being caught by the enemy. Some of their limbs are blown off and they don’t look to be in the best condition. Despite that, they still resist and try to fight. I have to do something.
“Quickly get to the captain!”
“What are you crazy?! Wait! Your armor!”
“There’s no time! Just hurry and get help!”
I quickly shoot down the heretics who were about to execute my brothers.
“Run! Get out of here!”
“Hold the line brother! We’ll get you help!” one of them says as he runs away.
While the injured help each other escape, I hold off the approaching heretic forces. I’m able to bring down a lot of them, but when the heavy soldiers and tanks come, I’m unable to destroy them all by myself until they blow me up. It doesn’t matter if I had my armor with me. All that matters is that my fellow brothers escaped safely. I can barely walk now, and my guns are broken. A heretic walks up to me and points his gun at my chest. If I die now, my only regret would have to be forgetting to refer to my brothers as such. We’re all a family in this group and in the Church.
He asks, “Since you sacrificed yourself for your brothers, I’ll allow you to say your last words to God.”
Come on. Don’t forget to say what you’re supposed to.
“Thy will be done.”
“Wise choice of words.”
The heretic shoots me in the chest as a hail of explosions and laser fire descends upon them. Everything is a blur until I see my brothers stand above me. One of them checks me.
“He’s okay! The laser shot just hit him in his cybernetics,” the medic says.
My captain and brothers look at me with a smile as they help me up.
“You are a crazy one, Titus, but that is why you’re with us.”
“Thank you, sir. I hope to serve God well every second of my life.”
“I’m sure you did today. Now that the battle is done, how about we listen to that music of yours? Does that band have any victory songs?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Then let’s play it loud to celebrate this victory that God has given us.”
My brothers and I rock out as more of our forces land on the planet though I’m a little stiff because my cybernetics are damaged. Regardless of my minor injuries, I have a good time with my brothers that God has blessed me with.

The End

Story 6 – Harsh but Corrective Justice
Once we finish singing the Apostles' Creed, Our Father, Three Hail Marys, and a Glory Be, we sing our prayer as we move to our ready positions.

“Let us pray. Oh God, just as St. Nicholas admonished the Arian heretic, help us to be Your correcting hand that punishes not to cause suffering, but to save. We pray,”

“Help the criminals of the universe to repent.”

“Let us be your instruments of justice and correction.”

“So that thy will shall be done as it is in Heaven.”

“Help us to not falsely accuse the innocent.”

“So that we do not cause unneeded suffering.”

“Help us to change the hearts of sinners.”

“So that Your great mercy and justice may be known.”

“Forgive us our sins as we forgive those who trespass against us.”

“And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.”
“Always be in our hearts, Oh Lord, who is truth and love itself.”

“Always and forever we shall love you.”

“St. Nicholas, Patron of the Falsely Accused.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Alphonsus Liguori, True Servant of Mary and the Church.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Teresa of Avila, Ridiculed for her piety.”

“Pray for us.”

“Our Lady of Victory.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Savior of all.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Ruler of the Universe.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Conqueror of Death.”

“Pray for us.”

“Use those you placed in positions of law enforcement so that sinners across the universe receive the rewards of the evil deeds they have committed. Guide them into our hands as we chase after them as You chase after all sinners.”
“Amen.”

“I’m in position.”
“In position, sir.”
“Ready to go on your mark.”
“Let’s wait a bit. There’s a possibility that more criminals will show up as our intel suggested.”
I switch my sickle to a rifle and add a scope on it so I can keep an eye on the criminals and to search around for more. The scope links up to my HUD. It can identify the criminals we’re after and their associates.
“Dinah?”
“What is it, sir?”
“You know at this rate. St. Joan of Arc’s Holy Virgin’s will send you an offer to join their group.”
“I much rather prefer where I am. I’d rather take people in alive than dead or alive.”
“What about your relationship status?”
“I’m fine being single as I am. If God wishes me to be with someone, then I’ll accept it when the time comes.”
“Since you’re single, how about we-”
“Sir, you’re over the shared comms. Everyone can hear what you’re saying.”
“Aww. Heck. Disregard what you heard people.”
Our squadmates can’t help but laugh. I try to restrain my laughter as best as possible while concentrating on my job. There the captain goes again trying to flirt with me. He’s always been a close friend to me. Nothing too close though. He tries to go out with me, and I do accept every now and then. As captain, he should realize that the job God has assigned us too comes first and shouldn’t let his feelings distract him.
“Our targets are on the move!” the captain says, “Snipers, keep an eye on them and tranquilize them if you have the shot. Everyone else, disperse and capture them all.”
“Yes, sir,” my squad and I say over the comms.
I switch my sniper back to a sickle and go after my targets by traversing the rooftops. The criminals I’m going after have done all manner of illegal activities that have hurt the millions of people inside the Church. Colluding with heretics, giving to heathens, and teaching falsehoods from decades ago are just a few of their crimes. Petty crimes punish citizens with a simple fine, confession, and penance, but these crimes will result in their imprisonment where they will serve out their penance. They’ve already refused to come in willingly when the Church found out about their crimes, so they’ve already made their choice. My targets are close by and they haven’t noticed me yet. It’s time to take them by surprise. I jump through their window and ready my weapons.
As required by law, I announce, “Church law enforcement! Submit yourselves and don’t resist!”
A couple of them get on their knees while the other three pick up laser guns and point them at me.
“Put your weapons down!” I command them.
“We haven’t done anything wrong!” one of them says.
“You broke the laws of the Church. If you submitted peacefully, your punishment would’ve been lighter but now you must be imprisoned for your sins. Put your weapons down. Now!”
“Come on and help me fight her. It’s five of us against her!” another one says.
The two who are down on their knees don’t say anything and prostrate themselves.
“Their sentences will be lighter than yours,” I tell the three who are standing.
With my shoulder cape, I emit a blinding light from it like a flashbang and use it as cover to protect me from their shots. This cape is like the one St. Michael the Archangel’s has, but with the added bonus of being able to blind opponents. It takes a little while to charge back up after each use and can’t take as much damage though it’s still incredibly useful. I use my whip to knock one of the criminals into the other. The third one jumps out of the window, lands on a soft bush, and runs away. That bush was probably part of their escape plan. With two of the criminals knocked out and the other two surrendering, I go after the other.
“Dinah reporting in with two criminals knocked out and two submitting. Extract them immediately while I go after the fifth.”
“Roger that,” our extraction expert responds.
The criminal runs through the crowded streets. She’s just finished calling someone.
“Dinah, your target just called in for help,” the communications expert informs me, “I’ll send you some of your own.”
“Roger.”
I continue chasing the criminal in the crowded streets. This route was planned for their escape as well because of how many people are in the way and the things that are in my way.
“The Hands of St. Nicholas are at work, citizens! Clear a path for the Church’s law enforcement!” I say at the top of my voice to disperse the crowds.
They clear a path in front of me and tell the other people in front of them as well. The Hands of St. Nicholas is the official police force of the Church and it’s a crime to interfere with us. There’s an unspoken and unenforced law to help us. Some of the citizens in the crowd notice who I’m chasing and pull on her shirt. Now that they see who I’m after, the crowd starts blocking the criminal and makes a wall to prevent her escape.
“Submit yourself now!” I command the criminal.
The crowds spit in her face and force her on her knees.
“Okay! I give up!” she says.
“Dinah reporting in-”
“Behind you!” I hear over the comms before a shot rings out.
One person behind me who was holding a weapon is tranquilized by a sniper shot. Two more people with weapons in their hands are brought out from the crowd. I knock both out as the crowd cheers out.
“God bless the Church! God bless His Holy law enforcement! God bless the Hands of St. Nicholas!” the crowd chants.
“Your actions will be rewarded by God and His Holy Church,” I tell the crowd as I raise my camera that takes a picture of the crowd around me that try to get in the picture.
Even though vigilantism is not allowed by the Church, aiding the law during a chase is rewarded. A citizen who aids the law will be given the choice of obtaining; tax breaks, access to a priest coming to their house for blessings and personal confessions at their house, or other such things. The rest of my squad reports arresting their targets and all the criminals we were after today are brought in. On the way back to the station, the squad congratulates one another on another job well done.
The captain comes to me and asks, “That was a close one.”
“Yes, thank you for protecting me.”
“Ah, it’s just my job. Besides, I’m sure you would’ve survived anyway.”
“That’s true. You’re not getting anything special for saving me.”
“What?”
“As you said, it’s your job.”
“You really messed up your opportunity captain when you mentioned that it’s your job.”
“Shut up.”
The squad laughs at the captain’s failed attempt to get me to give him something, probably a kiss or a date. I don’t laugh, but I do smile. I’m not completely humorless. I just don’t care for the captain’s repeated flirtatious attempts. He doesn’t talk to any other of the women we know on the squad and off like this. Just me. I kind of wish he’d stop for once and ask someone else out.
We get back to base and are about to settle in until the alarm bell rings.
The captain tells us that, “There’s a riot happening at the prison. We must go over there and take control of the situation. We put them down any prisoners that are participating in the riot. They had their chance to repent and they're rejecting it. If they don’t want mercy, then they’ll get justice. Understand?”
“Yes, sir.”
The squad gets ready and we go back out. The prisons that we have are meant to make sinners repent for their sins. There are; daily masses, counselor priest to talk to, exorcists to rid people of the demon’s that attach themselves to them, confessions, Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament, and all kinds of penances. This riot shouldn’t have happened because of all the security and the corrective kindness that should be shown to the prisoners. I guess we’ll find out when we get there.
As we arrive, the captain splits us up to help the guards. While looking over the courtyard, I watch as guards snipe the running inmates. There are already dozens of dead bodies on the ground with very few that are praying on their knees to show that they’re not rioting. I can’t let this distract me. As I go through the prison, I find dozens of inmates fighting the guards. Since it’s my duty, I use my sickle to cut them down. With my whip, I break up the fighting and snap a couple of necks with it. Despite not being able to bring in weapons, the prisoners have decent swords and knives on them. Some are even carrying laser guns. They must’ve gotten them in somehow.
I split off from helping the guards to fight a group of criminals on my own. My sniper’s lethal mode shoots a laser that goes through four of them. This gets the last two to get on their knees.
“Stop! We give up!”
“Have mercy on us! We repent!”
Should I kill them because they were part of the riot or let them live because they’re repenting? I should follow the captain’s orders. They already made their decision. If they are repenting, then I hope God has mercy on them. I switch my sniper to a scythe then cut off their heads with one swipe.
“The situation is under control. Clean up whoever is still resisting then come to the warden’s office. It seems like we know who started the riots,” the captain says over the comms.
After doing what he says, we all go to the warden’s office. It turns out that someone has been using tech that is similar to our changing weapons to bring in weapons and explosives under the form of ordinary gifts. Since all the weapons have been confiscated, we can trace them back to whoever sent them. As for why the prisoners broke free, all we know is that some were unrepentant sinners who were lying about repenting, some were tired of trying to learn the Church’s ways and rejected them, or were tired of paying off their debts to the Church and God in prison. You really only need to go to confession, Mass, and get a plenary indulgence to obtain forgiveness from God and pay off the debt from your sins. I can understand wanting to leave from there, but they still had to practice virtue and recite Church teachings for their allotted amount of time until they could go.
This is all we’re told as to how and why the prisoner revolted. When we leave, we investigate the prison a bit more and learn from inside contacts that the prison has a few people that abuse the inmates and keep them there to increase their pay. There are very few who are just a bit too meticulous about how the inmates should act, but those people are quickly taught how they should act. We’re given the names of the abusers and head out again to arrest them. They’re having a party to celebrate their recent pay raise. We head into the restaurant they’re in and surround them.
“What’s going on here, officers?” one of them asks.
“We know of your abuses in the prison and are here to arrest you. Resist and your punishment will be harsh,” the captain says.
“What? We were admonishing sinners and getting them to fix their ways.”
“You were extending the process and taking advantage of them. Those people shouldn’t have suffered for what you did.”
“What about the people who gave them their weapons?”
“We’ll get to them soon. You’re first on our list.”
Seeing that there is no way out of this, they give up and are taken out of the restaurant and to the jail to be heavily punished for their sins.
“Hey, Dinah,” the captain says to me.
“Yes, captain?”
“Since we’re done for the day and in a restaurant…”
“Okay, I’ll go out with you.”
“Really?”
“But everyone has to join.”
“What?”
“And you’re buying.”
“What?!”
“Did you hear that, guys?”
“Wow, our captain is the best!” one of our squadmates says as he gets a table for everyone.
“You can’t just-”
I give the captain a kiss on the cheek and smile at him. He’s blushing and so speechless. It’s kind of cute.
“You…you…”
“She’s really got you now. You regret falling for her now don’t you, captain?”
“Whatever. Dinner is on me as long as I get another kiss.”
“Okay. You’ll get your kiss after we eat.”
“And maybe another date except without everyone else?”
“Don’t push it.”
My squad and I have dinner together after a hectic day. It’s a rare way to end the day that I thank God that I’m able to have it.


The End



Story 7 – Walking Only by Faith
It’s been a day since my father and I came across this weird homeless man while coming back from town. He was walking by himself and appeared to be on edge of dying so we took him in and gave him water to drink and food to eat. He’s been praying ever since then to thank God and bless our house. There’s something weird about him. He doesn’t have eyes, it doesn’t look like he’s bathed in months, and he’s always smiling. There’s a kind of monk that I heard about that he’s supposed to be, but I don’t know what they’re called. It looks like he might be done praying, so I go into the room we’ve let him rest in to ask him some questions.
“Excuse me, sir?”
“Yes? Is there something you’d like to ask me?”
“Kind of. Am I bothering you now?”
“No, not at all. What is it that you’d like to know?”
“Who are you and where are you from?”
“My name is Lazarus and I’m from Augustus.”
“Augustus? That was one of the first habitable planets discovered outside of the Milky Way Galaxy.”
“It’s named after St. Helena Augustus, who is the patron saint of discoveries since she discovered the cross that Jesus was crucified on.”
“Oh yeah! I remember learning that in school. What kind of monk are you? I know I’ve seen monks with your kind of appearance before.”
“I am a Monk of Mortification. I pay for the sins of everyone in the universe with my constant prayers and sacrifice.”
“What are you doing here on this desert world?”
“God brought me here. I walk by faith and faith alone. I let God guide my steps to wherever He wants me to be.”
“Is that why you don’t have any eyes?”
“Yes. The removal of my eyes shows to God that I’m ready to walk blindly with Him guiding my every step.”
“What about your cybernetic arms?”
“And if thy right hand scandalize thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: for it is expedient for thee that one of thy members should perish, rather than that thy whole body be cast into hell.”
“Matthew five-thirty, except you apply it to your entire body?”
“Yes.”
“You also wrote Jesus’ name on your chest and you have a Celtic cross on your stomach.”
“It’s to bless it. I’ve also heard of a saint that carved Jesus’ name on his skin, but his name eludes me, right now. Sorry.”
“Do you know what God wants you to do here?”
“No, but I typically get an idea later.”
“Let me get this straight. You blindly walk all over the universe with barely anything on you to do God’s Will that you don’t have a good idea of?”
“That’s right.”
“That sounds really tough.”
“It is and it isn’t for everyone, but do you see me being sad about it?”
“I haven’t seen you without a smile on your face yet. Why are you always smiling?”
“Because of God’s love for us. He sacrificed His only Son so that we can be reconciled with Him, do His Will, enter Heaven, and no matter how many times we fall, He gives us a second chance as long as we’re willing to take it. Isn’t that great?”
“It is.”
“So why aren’t you always smiling then?”
“I don’t know. It’s just hard living on this planet without my mom.”
“What happened to her?”
“A group of bandits took her and ransacked our house nine years ago.”
“That’s terrible.”
“They do let her visit us every now and then though for some months she’s fatter and other months she’s skinner. I don’t know what they’re doing to her, but she seems fine when she’s here.”
“How old are you?”
“Thirteen.”
“Hmm. I think I’ve found the reason for me being here. Oh, and you didn’t tell me your name yet.”
“It’s Ezra.”
“I’m going to find your mother and free her, Ezra. That is why I’m here.”
“You will? How? I don’t even know where to tell you to start.”
“What if I start in town?”
“I guess. I do see shady people there sometimes.”
“Then I’ll go there first.”
“Let me come with you.”
“No, it’s too dangerous.”
“It’s already dangerous since I’m home by myself. My dad is in town, so it’s better if I go.”
“Since you put it that way…okay. You can come.”
“Thank you so much!”
“Before we go, I have to sing the prayer of the Monks of Mortification. It helps me do God’s Will.”
“Okay.”
Lazarus sings the Apostles' Creed, Our Father, Three Hail Marys, and a Glory Be, as an introduction before singing the song of the Monks of Mortification.

“Let us pray. Oh God, who endured pain and death for our sins, we pray,

Help us to suffer as you did to pay the debts of our sins and the sins of others.

Let us be your instruments to pay for the wages of sin and help those who are afflicted.

So that thy will shall be done as it is in Heaven.

Help us to mortify the flesh.

So that we can master our control over ourselves.
For the wisdom of the flesh is death; but the wisdom of the spirit is life and peace.

Because the wisdom of the flesh is an enemy to God; for it is not subject to the law of God, neither can it be.

And they who are in the flesh, cannot please God.

But you are not in the flesh, but in the spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his.

For if you live according to the flesh, you shall die: but if by the Spirit you mortify the deeds of the flesh, you shall live.

For whosoever are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.

But before all things have a constant mutual charity among yourselves: for charity covereth a multitude of sins.

The virtue that is the cement that binds communities to God and persons to one another.

If I should distribute all my goods to feed the poor, and if I should deliver my body to be burned, and have not charity

It profiteth me nothing.

Charity never falleth away: whether prophecies shall be made void, or tongues shall cease, or knowledge shall be destroyed.

For we know in part, and we prophesy in part.

Always be in our hearts, Oh Lord, who is truth and love itself.
Always and forever we shall love you.

St. Padre Pio, blessed with stigmata.

Pray for us.

St. Teresa of Calcutta, caretaker of the poor.

Pray for us.

St. Catherine of Siena, who subsisted solely with the Eucharist. 

Pray for us.

Our Lady of Victory.

Pray for us.

Jesus Christ, Savior of all.

Pray for us.

Jesus Christ, Ruler of the Universe.

Pray for us.

Jesus Christ, Conqueror of Death.

Pray for us.

Use our sacrifices so that the souls of sinners can be saved.

Amen.”

Lazarus and I go to the nearby town. He’s looking around despite not having any eyes and appears to look like he knows where he’s going.
“Is God giving you an idea of where to go?” I ask him.
“Kind of. I’m just going where I think is right.”
I keep following Lazarus until we go to a trading hub that my dad goes to for his job.
“We’re going to where my dad should be.”
“Maybe this is God telling me to drop you off to him, so you can be kept out of danger.”
If this is what God wants, then I’ll have no choice but to stay with my dad while Lazarus searches for my mom. I can see my dad in the crowd now. He’s walking away with the usual people he does business with. It looks like I’m meant to find my mother with Lazarus for now. Lazarus stops by one of the trading stores.
“Hello. Are you looking for something, sir? Perhaps a job?” the shopkeeper says.
Lazarus walks to the man while going around the tables in the store as if he had eyes. He says, “No, thank you, sir. I’m already working a job despite what my appearance may say of me.”
“Oh? And what job is that?”
“Serving God.”
“We all try to do that in our own way, but what job are you serving God through?”
“I’m looking for this boy’s mother. Apparently, she was taken by bandits and…”
I see Lazarus whispering something to him. The shopkeeper looks at me then they continue whispering to each other.
“Check out the nearby bar. The bandits make their prost-those they capture work there.”
“Great. We’ll check there. Thank you for your help.”
“Sir, do you need medicine for your scars or body? What about your eyes? They look like they’re bleeding.”
“No, thank you, sir. I don’t have any eyes.”
“What?”
“It’s true,” I tell the shopkeeper before we leave the store. “Wow! God really does guide you to the right people.”
“That’s right. I’m going to need you to stay outside for this. It may get violent and I don’t trust these bandits one bit.”
“Okay.”
“And don’t watch from the windows.”
“Aw! Can’t I watch the bandits who kidnapped my mom receive their justice?”
“Justice doesn’t always look pretty.”
“I’ve seen pictures of Hell before.”
“But you haven’t seen Hell in person.”
“I can handle it. A little blood won’t scare me.”
“If you say so. I can’t make you not look. I’m just telling you what I think you should do.”
We get to the bar, which I think is actually one of the places my dad delivers to. I wonder if he knows if mom works here. Watching from the window near the door, I see Lazarus catch the attention of everyone in the bar. I don’t see my mom in there. These people are dressed weirdly. Can you degenerates not show so much of your skin? I’m assuming they didn’t come in dressed like that because you would get arrested for dressing like that in public. He’s talking to them, but I can’t barely hear what they’re saying. Something about being ashamed of yourself and having to give back my mom. These bandits are simpletons because of how they use the same curse words over and over again.
Oh no. That one shouldn’t have taken the Lord’s name in vain. Lazarus punches the man through the throat and instantly kills him. He makes a fighting stance and shoots lasers out of his fingers! Wow, he’s amazing! Every one of his punches is a blow that seriously hurts the bandits that comes after him. I can hear the breaking of bones from here. It’s both scary and satisfying to listen to. Lazarus uses his lasers, punches, kicks, and chairs in the bar to beat up everyone then punches the last person so hard he flies out the door.
“You! You’re one of the worst!” Lazarus says as he takes the masked and hooded man by the shirt, “Now, tell me where Ezra’s mother is!” He then takes off the man’s disguise to reveal that it’s my dad!
“Dad?!”
“This is your father?”
“I’m sorry that you have to see me this way son, but I had to go back to the life of a bandit to try to rescue mom from it.”
“Wait, those stories that you told me about mom and you being bandits were real?”
“Yes, you didn’t believe us when we told you they were true?”
“No, I thought they were just stories like the ones my friends were told by their parents. I thought you two were too good to be bandits before.”
“We quit that life so long ago and it’s coming back to haunt us. I’ve been trying to get to your mother, but they haven’t been let to me get to her. They’re holding me like a horse with a carrot in front of him. I’m so close yet so far in getting to her.”
“Dad…”
“Ezra…I’m sorry.”
I can’t help but cry a bit because of how my family is torn apart and my dad forcing himself to be a slave of the bandits.
“Committing sins to try to make something right doesn’t help anyone,” Lazarus tells my dad.
“I know, but I didn’t know what to do.”
“You knew not to go back into the life of a bandit, and you did it anyway. I should punch a hole through you, but God is holding back my arm, so you should be grateful. Find a priest, do your confession and penance, then quit being a bandit. I’ll get your wife back to you.”
“Thank you.”
Lazarus lets go of my dad who runs away with his hands on his face. I just noticed that the crowd around us was staring at us.
“Go back to your daily business,” Lazarus says to them and they do it.
He then starts walking away from the bar.
“Did…did you find out where to find my mom?”
“Not yet, but I’m getting close. They told me about a small settlement not too far from here that they’ve built near a small mountain. I have a feeling that’s where we’ll find your mother. I’m sorry that you had to see your father like that.”
I don’t even know what to say about it.
“Yeah. I guess it’s better if we don’t talk about it too. Do you want to know how I’m able to shoot lasers from my fingers?”
“Sure.”
“I can shoot lasers from my fingers because of a small heat generator within me. It lets me stay warm on colder planets.”
“I bet you’re wanting an internal air condition on this planet.”
“Kind of. Hahaha, I do think that they’ve thought about that before, but I don’t think they have the right tech to implement it yet.”
“If you’re supposed to be mortifying yourself, why do you have it?”
“To help defend myself and, as I mentioned already, stay relatively warm on colder planets. I think it’s extremely useful especially on planets like this. That seems to be filled with crime.”
“This planet was only recently taken over by the Church, so they’re still trying to set up.”
“They’re still trying to set up? That must mean I’m on a planet on the furthest edge of the known universe. Heh, God sent me a far distance from where I started.”
“Do you ever get to go back home to see your family and friends?”
“Only if God wants me to. Besides, I don’t have many people I’m close to anyway, so it doesn’t bother me.”
“That’s kind of sad.”
“Yeah, but it’s not as sad as your situation.”
“I’m not going to let it bother me. Once mom is back home, things will get back to normal.”
“I hope you’re right.”
Lazarus walks to an outpost that the Church has set up for its law enforcement. He talks to them and tells them who he is, and they give him a robotic horse to ride with an escort of officers. Apparently, the Monks of Mortification have special permission to command whatever forces of the Church they want at any given time because the Church trusts that God is commanding the monks. Since I’m by myself, the outpost takes me in while Lazarus and the officers go off to the bandit settlement. I want to go, but Lazarus and the officers think it’s too dangerous. Fortunately, I convince one of the officers to let me watch the live cameras on the officers to see what’s going on.
I’m given the live feed just in time for the fighting to start. The officers take cover in the scraps of tanks and ships while Lazarus is fighting in the open. Oh! He just punched a guy’s head off! With his cybernetic arms, he blocks whoever shoots him and his arms are fine. His laser fingers shoot people in the distance. It’s not like he needs them since he’s so fast on his feet to close the distance between him and the bandits. He could’ve totally handled this on his own. I look around at the other officers who are either watching or praying for Lazarus and the other officers. Maybe I should’ve been praying too. Once the fighting settles, Lazarus searches the makeshift houses with the officers behind him.
He grabs a cowering bandit and asks him, “We have a lot of questions for you, but I need to know one in particular. I’m looking for a woman who is the mother of a boy named Ezra.”
“I-I know who you’re talking about. Just take it easy, okay? Wait. I remember your face. You’re Lazarus. You used to be one of us. You were a notorious criminal with so much blood on your hands that you could fill a planet with it.”
“That Lazarus is dead and buried. Jesus made it so.”
“Lazarus used to be a criminal?” I say aloud.
“Yes,” one of the officers near me answers, “The Monks of Mortification are all ex-criminals who are paying for their sins and the sins of everyone. These ex-criminals are usually the worst criminals, but the worst sinners make the best saints.”
Hmm. I guess that’s right since they know what they shouldn’t do and know the cost of committing evil deeds. Lazarus gets the location of my mother and gives the bandit to the officers. He comes back alone on a robotic horse while the officers stay behind to secure the bandit’s settlement and whatever they have.
“You ready to go see your mother?” he asks me with his hand out.
“Am I allowed to go with you?”
“Yeah. I can handle whatever we face.”
“Okay. Let’s go!”
This is it. My mom is finally going to be freed from the bandits! Thank you, God, so much for answering my prayers! I never doubted you for a second. I don’t even know what to I want to say to her even though I’ve been thinking about it for years. I’ll just tell her I miss and love her and go from there. Yeah, that’s what I’ll do.
Lazarus and I stop by a house on the edge of town. He opens the door and kills the few guards in it with his laser fingers. Come on. Where is she? We go upstairs and Lazarus opens the bedroom doors to free the people the bandits have captured here.
“Have you seen your mother yet?” Lazarus asks me.
“No, not yet.”
“She may not be here then, but don’t give up hope.”
“I won’t!”
In the next bedroom we open-!
“Mom!”
“Ezra! What are you doing here-!”
Lazarus…Lazarus just went up to my mom and punches a hole through her chest!
“Lazarus! Why did you do that for?!”
“What? I felt that there was an enemy in front of me and follow God’s Will to kill him.”
“That was my mom!”
“It was?! I’m so sorry, but it had to be done. I’ll get the officers to investigate the house to see why God wanted me to kill your mother.”
I don’t know what to say. I don’t even know what to think. All I do is just sit by my mom’s body and cry. When the officers come, they find out that my mom was having children for the bandits that they would sell off to heathens for child sacrifices. She willingly gave herself to the bandits because she was tired of her simple life and missed her life of sin that she escaped, so…she never wanted to come back home. Her coming back every now and then was just part of the deal the bandits made with my dad. Meanwhile, my dad gives himself up to the Church to pay for his sins in jail, and now…I’m alone.
Lazarus sits with me and says, “You’re not alone, Lazarus. God is always with you along with everyone else in Heaven.”
“Why did you say that?”
“Because I thought that you needed to hear that. I talked to the officers and they’re willing to take you in.”
“That’s good because I want to be one.”
“You’ll have to wait until you get older to become an officer.”
“I’m okay with that. I want to be a servant of God like you. Will you train me?”
“Since I don’t feel the Will of God moving my feet, then sure. I’ll help you become a servant of God. Maybe you’ll even become one that’s better than me.”
“I’d like that, but I doubt I will.”
“Well, we’ll see. God turned me into His humble servant despite the fact that I was one of the worst people in the universe. He may turn you into a great saint.”
I’ll do whatever it takes to be a great saint so I can help people like how Lazarus helped me and so what happened to me doesn’t happen to anyone else. Thank you, God, for bringing me to where I’m meant to be.


The End


Story 8 – Death to Evil
After we sing the Apostles' Creed, Our Father, Three Hail Marys, and a Glory Be, I command my squads to sing the prayer of St. George’s Hunting Party as I lead them in prayer.

“Let us pray. Oh God, who crushes evil and saves the repentant, we humbly ask You to help us imitate your example in every way. We pray,”
“Protect our family and friends while we are away clearing the path ahead for them.”

“Let us be your instruments of cleansing and protection.”

“So that thy will shall be done as it is in Heaven.”

“Help us to tame the beasts of the universe.”

“As you have tamed every being in existence.”

“Covert the heathen before we arrive to save his soul.”

“Or else he will suffer eternal hellfire.”

“Convert the heretic before we arrive to save his soul.”

“Or else he will suffer eternal hellfire.”
“Death to those who oppose God the Father, Source of Authority.”

“For the wages of sin is death.”

“Death to those who oppose God the Son, who died for us sinners.”

“For the wages of sin is death.”

“Death to those who oppose God the Holy Spirit, who is the source of truth in the Church.”

“For the wages of sin is death.”

“Repent all ye sinners because death is certain to come soon.”

“And God will forgive your sins, but cast you into Purgatory till thou repay the last farthing.”
“Always be in our hearts, Oh Lord, who is truth and love itself.”

“Always and forever we shall love you.”

“St. George, Slayer of the Dragon.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Joseph, Protector of the Church.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Michael the Archangel, Slayer of Satan.”

“Pray for us.”

“Morning Star, Blessed Mother Mary, Crusher of the Serpent's head.”

“Pray for us.”

“Our Lady of the Rosary, Blessed Mother Mary, who's rosary is the weapon of our times.”

“Pray for us.”

“Our Lady of Victory, Blessed Mother Mary.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Savior of all.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Ruler of the Universe.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Conqueror of Death.”

“Pray for us.”

“Use your tools of cleansing to separate the wheat and from the chaff as we enter into the wild fields.”

“Amen.”

“I’m sure most of you know what to do, but since we have a few new bloods, I thought I’d be charitable and give them a heads up. When the mission briefing said to kill everything and everyone that isn’t one of our soldiers, we meant everything and everyone that is alive or looks alive. Don’t even think about being merciful to the people there nor the wildlife that appears friendly at first. They will kill you or worse if you give them the opportunity. Once that is done, we will torch certain areas of the planet to make way for the Church to set up outposts, buildings, houses, and more for the glory of God. Any questions?”
“What kind of people are we dealing with?” a new blood asks.
“Heathens and heretics. If you want specifics, the heathens are native pagans and the heretics are Protestants though I’m not sure which denomination. They say they’re a united empire, but they’re far from it. They’ve gone from about ninety-five hundred thousand groups to about ninety-five hundred million groups within a century. This may be a splintered faction or a small part of a larger force. Whatever the case is, you are to kill them even if they’re begging for mercy. Any more questions?”
“How much of the spoils are we taking?” a corporal asks.
“Whatever isn’t a heretic text, idol, or cursed object. The Church only cares about taking the planet and its resources, so if you want something pretty that you find or if you kill a rare animal and want to use its skin for armor or decoration, then you can.”
The squads around me start getting excited. That’s good since the sun is about to rise and it’s about time to attack.
“Ready yourselves. Remember to take no survivors and that you serve the God of righteousness and goodness, so dedicate your lives to this task.”
The squads start dispersing to the areas I’ve told them to attack. There are certain areas that we need to clear out today to give the Church the foothold she needs on this planet. We’ve already been here a couple of days to set up and scout our targets. They shouldn’t be aware of our presence. We’ve prayed our rosaries along with our other prayers, so victory should be ours.
The squad I’m tagging along with is attacking a village made of heathens and heretics who think they can live together in harmony, which they obviously can’t. They endless bicker back and forth about their beliefs without gaining any significant ground to convince the opposing party. The arguments could easily fall into violence. I’ve been thinking about sending down soldiers in disguise to spread rumors among them to give them the little push they need to destroy themselves, but I don’t like it. Battles fought using dishonesty and lies is what Satan does. The Church fights honestly. The way we planned to execute these heathens and heretics is faster and less painful anyway. Once we’re set, the three that are with me unleash a payload of rockets on the village. It utterly demolishes everything and leaves barely anything standing. We go into the village just to make sure no one survived and sure enough, no one did.
“This is Captain Daniel. The first village is taken care of. Moving to the next target,” I say on the radio.
“Roger. Several squads have also reported back with their targets eliminated as well with no causalities. Everything is going smoothly, so far, captain,” a communicator at the communications center says.
“That’s good news. Let’s hope that it stays that way.”
My squad and I move to our next target, which is deep in the forests.
“Keep your eyes open. We’re dealing with a rare animal that blends in with the environment, so put on your heat sensors.”
We carefully make our way through the forest while paying close attention to our surroundings. Every noise and crackle could be the sound of our prey moving. One of my soldiers shoots something.
“I think I got one,” he says as he goes to investigate it.
Looking over it, we find a tree branch.
“Hm. Guess it was nothing.”
My soldiers turn to keep walking, but I keep an eye on the tree branch then start shooting it to pieces.
“What is it, captain?”
“Look.”
The tree branch morphs into one of the animals were after. It’s an insect-like monster that looks more like a demon than one of God’s creations.
“Good shot, recruit. The only mistake you made was forgetting that these things can change form.”
“I’m sorry, captain.”
“Just be sure to be careful. Speaking about that, there should be more coming in. That’s another thing about them. They converge on their attackers when one of them dies.”
We hear more rustling in the trees and bushes around us. Our heat sensors should slight amounts of heat so there’s really only one thing to do.
“Light them up!” I command.
We open fire into the wilderness and shoot everything around us. Our targets start falling and becoming more aggressive as a result.
“Start lighting up the forest!”
“Yes, sir!”
With our flame guns and incendiary explosives, we light up the forest. This helps to get rid of the hordes of monsters heading this way while clearing out the forest. These things like to hide in caves, so I bring my squad to the nearest one to find a horrifying sight. We find the bodies of people being used as nests for the monsters in this forest along with the other animals of the forest. These people were wildlife ecologists who wanted to preserve this species of animal that was going extinct.
“I was hoping to find these people alive, but I guess it was a farfetched hope, especially with how these things treat both animals and people.”
“Captain…what are your orders?”
“Burn this entire place to the ground.”
“Yes, sir!”
“Do you copy that, communications?”
“Loud and clear captain. I’ll be sending in a firebird to purify that entire forest. Get out of there asap.”
The destruction of one of their nests has made the monsters even more aggressive. They leap at us without any care for their lives. I cover my squadmates as best as possible while guiding them to the closest edge of the forest.
“Watch out, captain!” one of them says before shooting a monster that’s about to protect me.
“Thank you.”
I guess I still have room for improvement. We keep hurrying until we make it out of the forest with a couple seconds to spare. The forest is then lit up with fire from our firebird ships. My squadmates cheer in victory.
“It’s not over yet. We still have more hunting to do.”
“Yes, sir.”
Our next targets are a group of heathens that fractured from the group we bombed. We find them near on the cliffside of a mountain conducting their degenerate activities with their slaves.
“What’s the plan, captain? Are we going to blow them to smithereens like the previous group?”
“Nope. The Church respects the dignity that God has given her so we’re going to do this more personally.”
“What about the other pieces of nature we destroyed?”
“That was artificially planted by the heathens and heretics. It was destroying the natural ecosystem around it with its presence and allowed for the existence of those monsters we wiped out. They think they have power over nature with their fake science and worship of their idols, but they’re sorely mistaken.”
“You’re right. I really need to brush up on my knowledge of nature and Church rules of engagement.”
“You’ll have plenty of time to after this. Since this isn’t a big crowd of targets, you three can go together while I go by myself. Remember. No survivors.”
“Yes, sir. May God protect you, captain.”
“May He protect you as well.”
I take the cliffside of the mountains where the houses are. Everyone here is unsuspecting of our presence so it’s easy to put them down, however, a child sees me with his dead parents. He takes out a knife and is about to rush me before I shoot him. This happens more times than I’d like, but I don’t have a choice. This is why I chose to go through the houses, so I don’t make the others go through this. Thankfully, I’m able to spare the lives of some of the other children who are sleeping in their beds. Once I’m done, I go down to the town area where my three soldiers have cleared it out.
“Good work, soldiers. You did the Good Lord’s Will today,” I tell them.
“Captain?” one of them says.
“Yes, what is it?”
“There were a couple of young boys and girls we had to kill down here. We weren’t supposed to take them alive, were we?”
“No. Young adults and teenagers are valid targets because they’re passed the age of reason. Children and infants are a different story. I’ve actually left them alive since they’re still sleeping, but if a child is aiming to kill you, do not be afraid to kill them. They don’t know what they’re doing, and God will surely not harshly penalize them for sins.”
“Thank you, sir.”
I call in a ship to extract us and we get back to the base with the children who will be cared for in the Church. While my soldiers celebrate another job well done, I pray in my tent for the souls of those we killed who could’ve possibly repented before their deaths and to thank God for our victory.
“Captain-oh,” a soldier says who enters my tent.
After finishing a prayer and making the sign of the cross, I turn around and say, “Don’t be if you have something urgent to report.”
“I do. We found that one of our soldiers, Corporal Delilah, captured a heathen and has been using him as her personal play toy.”
“What?! Lead me to her.”
My soldier leads me to Delilah and her slave. It’s as the man said. The heathen is badly hurt while Delilah calmly looks at us.
“Delilah. Is what I heard true?”
“Yes, and I’m not sorry. These sinners are trash and deserved to be treated as such.”
“You forget that you’re a sinner yourself and you’re no better than them! You might be even worse because you know what you did was wrong!”
“I didn’t do anything wrong. I’m a member of God’s Holy Church. I can do no wrong. All of my sins past, present, and future are already forgiven.”
“Heresy! I didn’t know you were a Protestant. You better repent before I get back.”
I send in a priest to hear her confession. Once that’s done, I have her and her slave brought out with a sack hood over their heads and their hands and feet chained. Everyone gathers around to mock them, but I quiet them down to make them hear what I need to say.
“Attention! St. George’s Hunting Party is the Church’s colonization military division. We make the universe safer by destroying anything that may get in her way. Our destructive nature gives a bad reputation back home with a lot of people, but don’t let that get to you. We deliver God’s justice to those who refuse to submit to Him. The Church tries to make peace with those she meets first before we’re sent out. Remember that mercy comes before justice just like how God is merciful to us despite our sins. Pity your enemies, but don’t hate them nor should you think less of them because you could be the next one that God chooses to bring His justice upon. Above all you must remember that we are St. George’s Hunting Party. God’s justice made manifest to the universe and His weapon. We will serve our Lord well. We will serve Him until our dying day. Death to all who oppose God and His Holy Church!”
“Death to all who oppose God and His Holy Church!” my soldiers respond in a loud voice with their weapons raised in the air.
I then shoot both Delilah and the heathen. I hope they both repented of their sins before they died. Otherwise, they will suffer the second death in Hell.

The End


Story 9 – Family Comes First
“They’re coming this way.”
“And they’re going to get a surprise they aren’t expecting.”
The people we’re expecting come around the corner thinking they got away with a crime only to be shocked to find my wife and I waiting for them in the alleyway.
“Who are you two and what are you doing here? This area is restricted for the peasant class,” one of them asks before being stunned by our guns.
“You think we’re peasants? Heh, we’re more than that. You better watch your stepped fellas before you call the judgment of God upon yourselves,” I say while we make our exit.
The alarm in the area goes off, but our secret passageways allow us to avoid all the guards.
“We have your men stunned on the floor. They just called for security,” I report back to my superior.
“Good work as always.”
“You know us.”
“You’ll receive your payment at the pickup location like always. God bless you.”
“You too.”
My superior cuts off communication.
“Is the pay any higher this time?” Elizabeth asks.
“The pay is the same as always.”
“That figures. Zachary, when do you think we’re going to get a raise? We just received a child not too long ago.”
“I’m working on it. You know how it is with our section in the Church.”
“Right. I understand.”
“I hope so because we’re going to hear it at the meeting.”
Sure enough, when we get to the meeting house, the usual members bring up money and their financial situation.
“My business is in a tough situation and I have a family to take care of,” Paul says, “An eternal war with sin and the forces of Hell takes a toll on us with how much we have to keep up with to stay in the competition with the other clothing businesses.”
I say, “I understand all of your points. We have a newborn child as you know and-”
“We have four children!”
“We have ten!”
“And the Lord will provide for you, I’m sure of it, but know that we are all dealing with the same situation. If we keep reminding God and His Church of our problems, they will get solved,” I say.
“We’ve been doing this for years without any significant raise! We’re the families that keep the Church running!”
The crowd agrees with him.
“Did you forget our part of the deal? We need to stay in the peasant class with a certain wage limit, so we don’t attract the attention of anyone from the aristocrats or the other empires. This allows us to have the drop on every target we come across,” I point out.
“But our tools and access to an almost limitless pool of resources does that better than our status. Who cares if our finances are being tracked?”
“We’re still peasants. We’re still the laity of the Church. There is an order dictated by God that must be followed. Besides, without us, the Church would fall apart.”
“That’s our point! That’s why we need more to live decently, otherwise, we might as well live like the heathens and heretics in the ghettos.”
“There’s nothing wrong with poverty when God has already given us so much. Appreciate what you have, and God will give us what we need. If you lack faith in Him, then He’ll test you to remember your worth in the universe.”
“Excuse me, but we can question-”
“Are you going to suggest we defy the Church? We’ll be defying God as a result,” Elizabeth interrupts.
“N-no, I’m just-”
“Then learn your place and stay in it. That goes for all of you.”
That quieted them down. Thank you, God, for my wife.
“Thank you, Elizabeth. At least someone knows how things are supposed to be. We stick to the plan. If things continue as they are, then I’ll consider taking action, but we’re not like the Society of St. Bellarmine in that we can’t exactly do whatever we want. We’re more like Section 10:34. We do the Lord’s Will in the darkness with only Him and those in Heaven as our witnesses. That should be all that matters to us. This meeting has ended. Go home and get your rest. We have another mission tomorrow.”
Everyone starts to leave.
“These meetings always end the same, Zachary. Something has to change and soon.”
“My husband said the meeting is over, Paul. There is nothing more to discuss.”
Paul and his wife leave the room. Elizabeth and I can finally change out of our disguise uniforms. After we pick up our pay, we head home and take a breath of relief.
“Are you oka-”
I kiss Elizabeth to show her how thankful I am for being there for me.
“I’m okay now. Thank you for helping me keep things under control.”
“It’s the least I could do. I keep thinking about hitting those who don’t forget their place and using the admonishment of sinners as my excuse.”
“Heh, I’ve thought the same.”
I admire God’s gift to us, my son John, and wonder how God is going to get us at this situation.
“He’s handsome like you. Look at how he smiles at us. Doesn’t it give you hope?”
“It does. I’m sorry if I make you worry for me in any way.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll be here for you when you’re feeling weak. It’s what I’m here for.”
“And I’ll be here for you too. Always and forever just like we promised.”
“Always and forever.”
Elizabeth and I make sure that John is fast asleep after our nighttime prayers before heading to bed ourselves.
“You can’t save them.”
Who’s that?
“They’ll die because of you.”
What are you talking about?
“Defy God’s Church. You’re going to go on a mission to root out the evil in it tomorrow. Root out the corruption within it and destroy those who oppose you. You have the resources and people.”
No. No. It’s not right. You aren’t right. Begone Satan!
“Your wife will be the plaything of someone in authority and your son will be a slave to them.”
Lies! All lies! Hail Mary full of grace pray for me a sinner and protect my family and me.
“Zachary? Zachary!”
“Huh? Is something the matter, Elizabeth?”
“You’re sweating.”
“I thought you like me when I’m hot and sweaty. Ow! What?”
“Go back to sleep.”
“Okay.”
I can’t let dreams like that bother me. I can’t afford to let anything bring me down for the sake of God and my family. Waking up the next morning fills me up with energy. Elizabeth and I do our daily morning prayers and rosary with John with us. We then make breakfast together and go about our daily business as normal peasants.
The bakery we run is fairly popular in our neighborhood. Other members of the Association of Saints Joachim and Anne visit us from time to time to pick up our other “goods”. We hide them in fake cakes and ice cream tubes. Since our section is the largest in the Church, we have visitors from all people in the universe. We even get visitors from other sections that don’t know which section we’re from. They’re told that we’re only a contact and nothing more. It’s always funny to me seeing them act sneaky as if they were the stealthiest section when we’re the most unknown.
The day goes by like normal and we close the shop once the sun sets. One of our members comes over to watch our son for us while we’re out like usual before we join everyone from the association at the normal meeting place for the prayer of our section. We first sing the Apostles' Creed, Our Father, three Hail Marys, and a Glory Be. I then lead the group in prayer.

“Let us pray. Oh God, who made the family the first institution and who keeps it together, help us to keep the family of the Church together and in line with Your ways. We pray,”

“Help us to always love each other as you always love us.”

“Let us be your instruments of teaching and order.”

“So that thy will shall be done as it is in Heaven.”

“Help us to not fall into error.”

“Because we hurt each other when we sin.”

“As the family goes,”

“So goes the nation and the whole world.”

“Let women be subject to their husbands, as to the Lord:”

“Because the husband is the head of the wife, as Christ is the head of the church. He is the saviour of his body.”

“Husbands, love your wives, as Christ also loved the church, and delivered himself up for it that he might sanctify it, cleansing it by the laver of water in the word of life:”

“That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy, and without blemish.”

“My son, keep the commandments of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother.”

“Because the commandment is a lamp, and the law a light, and reproofs of instruction are the way of life.”

“Always be in our hearts, Oh Lord, who is truth and love itself.”

“Always and forever we shall love you.”

“Saints Joachim and Anne, Father and Mother of the Queen of Heaven and Grandparents of Our Lord.”

“Pray for us.”

“Patriarch Abraham and his wife Sarah, Father and Mother of Nations.”

“Pray for us.”

“St. Joseph and Blessed Virgin Mary, Father and Mother of Our Lord.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Savior of all.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Ruler of the Universe.”

“Pray for us.”

“Jesus Christ, Conqueror of Death.”

“Pray for us.”

“Use the families of Your Church, Oh Lord, as you have used countless other families to set the foundation of the coming Heavenly Kingdom.”

“Amen.”

I take out a map of the location we’re going to and plan out our roles in the mission. This part of our meetings usually goes smoothly since no one disagrees in getting their jobs done. Once we all know what we’re supposed to do, we set out. The government tower we’re in is the most heavily guarded building in the city and probably this world, but our exclusive access and knowledge to it make it as easy to go through as a normal house. The targets we’re after are holding a meeting for charities that are more of a money-making business than a charity. People like this make me sick because their position in the Church allows them to help people in need and instead, they spend their money on themselves and they get tainted money from heathens and heretics. Elizabeth and I jump in a meeting literally as we jump on two of our targets and stun the rest.
“It isn’t good to be doing business with heretics,” I say before knocking out the people we jumped on.
Our next targets are easily taken out by a stun grenade that we throw in their meeting room. The last bunch of targets come to us and expect to hear the results of the meeting only to meet us in the meeting room. We stun them with our guns then set them up for the authorities to pick them up. Another day another job well done. After reporting our success to our superiors, Elizabeth and I go back to the meeting house where nothing is argued about. Everyone is strangely pleasant, and the meeting goes off without a hitch. Maybe it’s because we get a weekend break and a bigger pay than the last mission. Still, I have a weird feeling that something is wrong. I just can’t pin down what it is. Elizabeth might be noticing it too.
She asks me about it before we go to bed and asks, “Do you think it’s just our imagination?”
“I hope so. I’d rather not there be a problem in our section because of our importance to the Church.”
“Me too. Maybe some sleep will make this feeling go away.”
“Yeah.”
“You’re a failure as a leader.”
What? Elizabeth? Is that you?
“You’re a failure as a husband.”
What are you talking about?
“You’re a failure as a father.”
John? No. This is another dream. Hail Mary-
“She can’t help you.”
-full of grace pray for me a sinner-
“Something bad is happening while you slumber.”
-help my family and me.
My phone’s ringing wakes me up.
“This is Zachary. What’s going on?”
“One of your members, Paul, has taken more than his fair share,” my superior informs me, “It appears that he took the money from your last targets.”
“I didn’t expect him to be this much of a fool. I apologize for my ignorance on this and will deal with him now.”
“Don’t be sorry. It looks like he did this on his own without anyone else in the know. We will have authorities on standby waiting for your call to arrest him. God protect you and help you to go through this hard course of action.”
“God protect and help both of us.”
I wake Elizabeth up and tell her what I was told.
“What an idiot! This is going to cost all of us,” she says, “We better get out there now and deal with him.”
“Let’s go then.”
Elizabeth and I put on our disguises and head out to Paul’s house. He must’ve known that we were coming for him because we don’t find him at his house. It’s a good thing that he has a tracking chip in his cybernetics that only leaders of the groups in the division like me know about. We find him not that far from his house and catch him as he’s about to take one of our secret exits out of the city area. I shoot him in the legs with my stun gun, so he doesn’t get away then hide in the darkness so we can speak privately.
“You’re so predictable, Paul, but what I didn’t expect is for you to be enough of an idiot to steal from people,” I say.
“I stole from sinners! They didn’t deserve the money!”
“We’re all sinners, Paul.”
“But I needed it more for my family.”
“The way to Hell is paved with good intentions, is it not? Now your family will have to be supported by the association while you go off to jail in a faraway place where they will not hear from you for years.”
“Please, Zachary, don’t do this to them!”
“You did this to them when you broke the rules of the association.”
“Don’t listen to the rules, listen to your God-given conscience and do the right thing!”
“I was handed this role by my family just like yours. I will follow what my family taught me. I will follow what the Church teaches. I will follow what God commands. This is the right thing to do.”
I then knock out Paul with my stun gun before calling the authorities and heading back home.
“Are you okay, Zachary?”
“I’m fine, Elizabeth, as long as I have God and you by my side, nothing will ever bother me.”
I hold Elizabeth’s hand as we head back home. It doesn’t matter what kind of challenges, how many times Satan tempts me, or how many times I fall. If I stay by God, I’ll always have a second chance. If I do what God wills of me, I will be good, and I will be right.


The End



If you liked these stories, then check out these other ones!

Anita is a lonely housewife who deals with daily temptations since she tries her best to stay faithful to God and her husband, who is currently out at war. She will face various strange supernatural and psychological obstacles that test her faithfulness to see if she is truly a good person. Will these mind-bending horrors get her to mortally sin or will she stay in the state of grace till the end?

This collection of tales, lore, and side stories gives readers a deeper look into the Blood, Honor, and Time fantasy series. Tales of suffering, false good, and unlikely heroes are just some of the tales in this collection. Benedetto faces many unique foes such as; man-beetles, a series of close calls, and a doppelganger in his "downtime" between bigger challenges.



Check out my blog, Albert Oon: Behind the Stories, for free short stories, free book samples, song/poem attempts, and more! Follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn to see what I’m doing next.
